THE

Statutes at large,

FROM THE

10th to the 33d Year of King George II.

To which is prefixed,

A TABLE containing the TITLES of all the STATUTES

VOL. XXII.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray’s-Inn, Esq;

Reader of the Law Lecture to that Honourable Society.

CAMBRIDGE

Printed by JOSEPH BENTHAM, Printer to the UNIVERSITY; for CHARLES BATHURST, at the Cross-Keys, opposite St.Dunstan’s Church in Fleet-Street, London. 1766.

CUM PRIVILEGIO

A

TABLE of the STATUTES,

Containing the Titles of all fuch Ads as are extant in print, from the Thirtieth to the Thirty Second Year of King George II. inclufive.

Aftno 30 Georgii II.

Cap. i.np^O prohibit, for a time JL to be limited, the exportation of com, malt, meal, flour, bread, bifeuit and (larch.

Cap. 2. To make provifion for the quartering of the foreign troops in his Majesty’s fervice, now in this kingdom.

Cap. 3. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land-tax, to be railed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven; and for dif-charging certain arrears of land taxes incurred before the time therein mentioned; and for the * more effeftual collecting of arrears for the future.

Cap. 4. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thousand (even hundred and fifty feven; and concerning the interest to be paid for monies to be borrowed as well on the credit of this aft, as on the credit of an adt of this session of parliament, for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax.

Cap. 5. For granting to his Majesty a fum not exceeding one million fifty thousand and five pounds, and five shillings, to be raifed by way of lottery.

Cap. 6. For punishing mutiny and defertion ; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap 7. To difcontinue for a limited time the duties upon com and V01. XXII.

flour imported; and alfo upon fuch ‘ corn, grain, meal, bread, bifeuit and flour, as have been or shall be taken from the enemy, and brought into this kingdom.

Cap. 8. For the fpeedv and effedlual recruiting of his Majesty’s land forces and marines.

Cap. 9. To prohibit for a limited time the exportation of corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, bifeuit, (larch, beef, pork, bacon, and other vidlual (except fi(h and roots and rice, to be exported to any port of . Europe fouth ward of Cape Finijlerre) from his Majesty’s colonies and plantations in America, unlefs to Great Britain or Ireland* or to fome of the faid colonies and plantations; and to permit the importation of. corn and flour into Great Britain and Ireland in neutral (hips; and to allow the exportation of wheat, barley, oats, meal and flour, from Great Britain to the ifle of Man* for the ufe of the inhabitants there.

Cap. 10. To prohibit for a limited time* the making low wines and fpirits, from wht*.., barley, malt, or any other fort of grain, or from any meal or flour.

Cap. 11. For the regulation of his Majesty’s marine forces while on (hore.

Cap. 12. To amend an aft made in the twenty ninth year of the reign of bis present Majesty, intituled. An act to render more effeftual an aft pajfed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majejly King George, to prevent unlawful combinations of a	workmen



A TABLE of the STATUTES;

workmen employed in the woollen manufactures) and for better payment of their wages; and alfo an aft paffed tn the thirteenth pear of the reign 6f his faid late Mayejljyjor the better regulation of the woollen manufacture \ and for preventing difputes among the -perfons concerned therein i andfor limiting a time for profecuting for the forfeiture appointed by the aforefnid aft) in cafe of payment of the workmens wages tn any other manner than iu momy.

Cap. 13. To redify a miftake in an ad pafied this feflion of parliament, intituled, An act for the fpeedy and effectual recruiting of his,Maje-jlys land forces and marines.

Cap. 14. For continuing* an ad of this present feflion of parliament, intituled. An act to difeontinue, for a limited time, the duties upon corn, and flour imported \ andalfo upon fuch corny grainy mealy breads bifeuit arid floury as have beeny or /ball be taken from the enemy, and brought into this kingdom.

Cap. 15. For continuing an ad of this present feflion of parliament, intituled. An act to prohibity for a limited time the making of low wines and fpirits from wheat, bar ley y malty or any other fort of grain \ or from any meal or flour.

Cap. 16. To extend the liberty grant-« ed by an ad of the twenty third year of the reign of his present Majesty, of importing bar iron from his Majesty’s colonies in Ameruay into the port of Londony to the . reft of the ports of Great Britain ; and for repealing certain claufes in the faid ad.

Cap. 17. For the importation of fine organzined Italian thrown filk.

(Jap. 18. For the relief and encouragement of the captors of prizes, with refped to the hringing and landing prize goods in this kingdom.

Cap. 19. For granting to bis Majtfty

feveral rates and duties upon indentures, leafes, bonds and other deeds ; and upon news papers, ad-vertifements and almanacks ; and upon licences for retailing wine; and upon coals exported to foreign parts; and for applying, from a certain time, the fums of money arifing from the furplus of the duties on licences for retailing fpiritu-ous liquors; and for raifing the sum of three millions, by annuities, to be charged on the faid rates, duties and fums of money; and for making perpetual an ad made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An act for the better regulation of attor-niesand folicitors; and for enlarging the time for filing affidavits of the execution of contracts of clerks to attornies and folicitors; and alfo the time for payment of the duties omitted to be paid for the indentures and contracts of clerks and apprentices.

Cap. 20. More effeduallv to prevent the fpreadingof the diftemper now raging amongft the horned cattle in this kingdom.

Cap. 2r. For the more effedual preservation and improvement of the fpawn and fry of fi(h in the river of Thamesy and waters of Medway; and for the better regulating the filhery thereof.

Cap. 2?. To explain and amend an ad made in the eighteenth year of his present Majesty’s reign, to prevent theiniibehaviour of the driver s of carts in the ftreets in London, Wejlminftery and the limits of the weekly bills of mortality ; and for other purposes in this ad mentioned.

Cap. 23. For enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of one million, for

*	the ufes and purposes therein men-

*	tioned.

Cap. 24. For the more effedual punishment of persons who [hall attain.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

tain, or attempt to attain, pofleffion of goods or money, by falfe or untrue pretences j for preventing the unlawful pawning of goods; for the eafy redemption ofgoodspawn-ed ; and for preventing gaming in publick houfes by journeymen, labourers, fervants and apprentices.

Cap. 25. For the better ordering of the militia forces in the several counties of that part of Great Britain called England.

Cap. z6. For granting to his Majesty certain fums of money out of the finking fund ; and applying certain monies remaining in the exchequer, and the favings out of the monies granted in thisfeffion of parliament forthepayof the troops of Hanover, for the fervice of the year one thou-(and feven hundred and fifty fevenj and for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this felfion of parliament; and for relief of Claud Jobnfon, with refpedt to a bond entered into by him, for fecuring the duties on tobacco imported by George Buchanan and William Hamilton.

Cap. 27. For enlarging the times for the nrft meetings of commifGoners or truftees for putting in execution certain ads of this felfion of parliament.

Cap. 28. To render more effedual the several laws now in being for the amendment and; prefervation of the publick highways and turnpike roads of this kingdom.

Cap. 29. To indemnify persons who have been guilty of the unlawful importing, landing, or running of prohibited, uncuftomed, or other goods or merchandize, upon certain terms therein mentioned.

Cap. 30. Forallowing a further bounty on veffels employed in the white herring filhery $ for giving liberty to alter the present form and lize of the nets ufed in the faid fifhery ;

•8T'

and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 31. To explain, amend and render more effectual an ad patted m the twenty eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An ah to enable the churchwardenSy overfeers and inhabitants of the pari/f) of Saint Saviour in the borough ^Southwark in the county of Surrey, to hold a market within the faid parijh, not interfering with the highjlreet in the faid borough.

Cap. 32. For draining and preferving certain marlhand fen lands and low grounds in the parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary Magdalen, in the coun-

' ty of Norfolk.

Cap. 33. for draining and preferving certain fen lands and low grounds in the several parifhes of Ramfey, Bury, Wifiow, Warboys, Faredtty Standground and Water-newton in the county of Huntingdon, and of Doddington in the iile of Ely and county of Cambridge.

Cap. 34. To enable the commiflion-ers for building Wejlminjler Bridge, to widen the ftreer^or avenue leading from Cocifpur Street, to the palfagein Spring Garden, near Saint James's park.,

Cap. 35. For draining and preferving certain fen lauds lying in the South Level, part of the great level of the fens, commonly called Bedford Level* between Brandon River and Sams's Cut Drain; and for im-powering the governor, bailiffs and commonalty, of the company of confervators of the faid great level, to fell certain lands within the faicb limits, commonly called Itivefted Lands.

Cap. 36. For draining and preferving certain fen lands, low grounds and commons in the townlhips or hamlets of March and Wimblington* and in the parish of Upwell in the iile of Ely and county of Cambridge.

Cap. 37. For enlarging the times li-a 2	mited

. BOOKBINDING^^

I I 0 st	00%Lbl?GooglSDIP

A TABLE of the STATl/TES.

mited for executing and performing several provilions, powers and directions in certain aCts of this feflion of parliament.

Cap. 38. For amending) widening, ana keeping in repair several roads in and near to the town of Tenbury in the counties of Salop, Worcejler and Hereford.

Cap. 30. For repairing and widening (everal roads leading to, thro’ and from the town of Frame in the county of Somerfet; and fpr giving further powers to the truftees in an adt pafled in the twenty fifth year of his present Majesty’s reign, for repairing the roads from the town of Wcrminjler in the county of Wilts, to the city of Batf in the county of Somerfet, and other roads therein mentioned.

Cap. 40. For enlarging the terms and powers granted by two aCts of parliament, one pafled in the third, and the other in the feventeenth year of the reign of his present Ma-jefty, for repairing the road leading from a gate called Shipjlon Toll-gate at Bridgetown in the parifli of Old Stratford in the county of Warwick, through Alderminjler and Shipjlon upon Slower, to the top of Long Compton Hill in the faid county of Warwick-, and alfofor repairing the road leading from the firft mile-ilone (landing on the faid Shipfton road, through a lane called Clifford Lane, and through Mickleton and Chipping Campden, to a place called Andover's Ford, in the county of Gloucejler.

^Cap. 41. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from the turnpike road at the bottom of Shaw Hill, in the parish of Melkjham, through Googes Lane, Corfham, Biddejlone, and Wejl Tat-ton, to the turnpike road at Upper Combe, in the parish of Cajllecombe, in the county of Wilts.

Cap. 42. For the ascertaining and

collecting the poor’s rates; and fonr the better ordering and regulating the poor in the parifli of Saint Luke* in the county of Middlesex.

Cap. 43. For amending, widening* and keeping in repair, the road from the town of Hitchin in the county of Hertford, through the town of Shefford and Carrington Cotton End, to a lane oppofite a farm houfe called Saint Leonard's, leading into the turnpike road from Saint Alban's, to the town of Bedford ; and alfo the road from the turning-out of the aforefaid road < into Henlow Field, to Gerford Bridge; and alfo the road from the town of Henlow, over Henlow Bridge, to Arlefey in the county of Bedford.

Cap. 44. For amending, widening* and keeping in repair, the road, leading from Burleigh Bridge in the the town of Loughborough, to AJbby de la Zoucb, in the county of Lei-cejler.

Cap. 45. For amending, widening* and keeping in repair, the roads from the eaft end of the town of Hertford, in the county of H*rt~ ford, through Watton, to Broadwater ; and fromthe town of Ware, through Watton, to the north end of the town of Walkern in the faid , county.

Cap. 46. For amending, widening* making commodious, and keeping in repair, the road from the Croft Keys, otherwife Bricker's Barn, in the parifli of Corfham, in the county of Wilts, to Batb-Eajlon Bridge, in the county of Somerfet.

Cap. 47. For making the river Blytb navigable from Halefwortb Bridge, in the county of Suffolk, into die haven of Southwould.

Cap. 48. For repairing and widening the road from Towcejler, through Silverjlon and Bradley, in the county of Northampton,' and Ardlcy and Middleton Sioney, to Wejlon Gate, in

the



A TABLE of the STATUTES.

the parffli of Wefton on the Greeny in the county of Oxford.

Cap. 49. For repairing and widening the road from Mdrkfield turnpike, in the county of Leieejler, over Charley, otherwife Charnwoodioreft, through the town of Whitwick \ an<^ from thence through Talbot Z<7**,towheretheroadIeadingfrom the town of Loughborough, to the town of AJhby de la Zouch in the faid county, comes in from Ryley Lane, near to a place called Snape Gate.

Gap. 50. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads leading from the village of Mil-ford, in the county of Surry, thro* Pttworth, to the top of Dunciton HiU, and from Petivorth to Stop-ham Bridge, in the county of Suffix.

Cap. 51. For explaining and amending several afts of parliament for repairing the roads between a place called the White Poll, on Alconbury . Hill and Wan ford Bridge, in the county of Huntingdon, and between NormanCrofs Hilly in the faid county, and the city of Peterborough, with refpeft to the eleftions of new truftees, the power of compelling persons employed by the truftees In the execution of fuch afts, to deliver up fueh books and papers relating thereto as are in their cu-ftody, and alfo to the manner of fummoning and holding the meetings of the truftees.

Cap. 52. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an aft parted in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the high road leading from the north end of the Cotv Cawfey, near the town of Newcaflle upon Tyne, to the town of Belford; and from thence to Buckton Burny in the county of Northumberland; and for making fhe fame more effectual.

Cap. 53. For enlarging the term and powers granted by two a fits of par*

liament, one parted in the fourth year of the reign of his late majefty King George, and the other in the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the highways from Crown Comer in the town of Reading, leading by and through the several parilhes of Sh inf eld and Heckfield, in the several counties of Berks, Wilis, and Southampton, to Bafingfloke, in the county of Southampton.

Cap. 54. For enlarging the terms and powers granted by two several afts, parted in the fourteenth year of his present Majesty, the one for repairing the roads from a place called The Red Houfe, near Don-cajler, to Wakefield, and through the faid town of Wakefield, by Dewfbury, H'ghtown, and Light-cliff\ to the town of Halifax, in the weft riding of the county of York; and the other for repairing the road from Wakefield to Ponte-frafl, and from thence to a place called Weelandy in the townfhip of Henfalh, and from Pontefract to Wentbridgey in the townfhip of Darrington in the weft riding of the county of York.

Cap. 55. For rebuilding the bridge over the river RUM*, between the townfhips of Prefton and Penworth-am, near a place called The Fijb Houfe, in the county palatine of Lancafter.

Cap. 56. For rebuilding and keeping in repair the (hire hall of the county of Warwick. -Cap. 57. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an aft, parted in the twenty fixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An act for repairing several roads hading into the (ity of Glafgow, fo far as the fame relates to certain roads mentioned in the faid aft; and alfo to enlarge the term and powers granted by an aft parted in the twenty feventh year of the reign a 3	of



A TABLE of the STATUTES.

of his present Majesty, intituled. An act to explain, amende and render more effeftutal an aft paffei in the twenty ftxth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An a<5t for repairing several roads leading into the city of Glafgow \ and to repair several other roads leading into the faid city; and for building a bridge crofs the fiver of Tnchinnan.

Cap. 58. For enlarging the term, and amending and altering several powers granted by an ncft made in the twentieth year of his present Majesty’s reign,for opening, clean-fing, repairing, and improving the haven of Scuthivould, in the county of Suffolk.

Cap. 59. For building a bridge over

. the river Lea, at or near a place called Jeremy s Ferry; and for making, repairing, and widening, roads from thence into the great

* roads at Snarefhrook in the county of Effex, and at Clapton in the county of Middlesex.

Cap. 60. For repairing and widening the road from the north end of Dap don IVharf, in the parish of Stoke, next Guldeford, through Guide ford to Andrew's Crofs, and to Alfold Bars in the county erf Surrey, and from thence to Saint Mary's Gate in Arundel, in the county of Suffex.

Cap. 61. For repairing the road from a place called The Golden Farmer, near Bagfhot, in the county of Surrey, to Hertfor Abridge Hill, in the county of Southampton.

Cap. 62. For making the river Ivel, and the branches thereof, navigable, from the river Ouze, at Tempf-ford, in the county of Bedford, to Sbotling-Mill, otherwifecalled Burnt Mill, in the parish of Hit chin, in the county of Hertford; and to ftlack Horje Mill, in the parish of Bygrave, in the faid county of Hertford 1 and to the fouth and north

bridges in the town of Shjfford, in the faid county of Bedford.

Cap. 63. For building a bridge or brid-gescrofsthe river of Thames, from a certain place in Old Brentford, in the parish of Ealing, in the coynty of Middlesex, known by the name of Smith or Smith's Hill, to the oppo-fite (bore in the county of Surry. Cap. 64. For enlarging the terms and powers granted by two a<fts of parliament of the firft and feven-teenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and a-mending several roads leading to and from the borough of Evejham, in the county of Worcefter; and for explaining and making more effectual the faid a&s; and alfo for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several other roads in the counties of Worcejler, Warwick, and Gloucejhr.

Cap. 65. For cleanfing, paving, and lightening, the ftreets of the city ot Bath, and liberties thereof; and - for regulating chairmen ; and alfo for the keeping a fufticient and well-regulated watch in the nighttime, rn the faid city and liberties; and to oblige all owners of houfes, and other buildings, within the faid city and liberties, to bring down the water from the roofs of their houfes, and other building* by proper pvpcs, down the fides or walls of fuch houfes and buildings 3 and alfo to oblige all coal carriages to pafs by the borough walls of the faid city during the night feafon. Cap. 66. To explain, amend, and render more effectual, an a<ft made in the laft fefiion of parliament. For repairing and widening several reads leading from a gate called Poole t Gate, in the town and county of Poole.

Cap. 67. For enlarging the terms and powers granted by an a<5t j5afled in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and enlarging



A TABLE of the ST ATUTES.

Enlarging the highways between the top of Kingfdown Hill and the

4 city of Bath, and for amending fe-veral other highways therein mentioned, leading to the faid city; and alfo for repairing several other roads therein mentioned.

Cap. 68. For repairing and widening the roads leading from Spalding High Bridge, through Littleworthy and by Frognally and over James Deeping Stone Bridgey in the county of Lincoln, to Maxey Out gang, in the county of Northampton, adjoining the high road there.

Cap. 60. For amending, widening, and keeping In repair* the roads from the town of Wrexhamy in the county of Denbigh y to Pentre Bridge, in the county of Flint; and from the town of Mold, toNorthepp, Holy-well, and Rhuddktn, in the fame county; and from thence to the Ferry Houfe oppofite to the town of Conway, in the county of Carnarvon ; and from Ruthin to the laid town of Mold.

Private Afls.

Anno 30 Georgii II.

1.	An act to enable Oliver Cramer efquire, and the heirs of his body, to take and ufe the furname of Cog-hill, purfuant to the will of Mar-maduke Cog hi I I efquire, deceafed, and to bear the family arms of CoghilL

2.	An act to enable the reverend Thomas Collier clerk, and his iffue, to take and ufe the furname of Barnard.

3.	An act for naturalizing John Bap-tift Durand, and Bartholomew Ril-liet.

4.	An act for naturalizing John Frederick FalwaJJer.

5.	An act for dividing an 1 enclofing the common fields, common paf-tures, common meadows, common grounds, and greens, in the inanor and parish of Prior's Hardwicky in the county of Warwick ^

6.	An act for confirming and eftab-li(hing certain articles of agreement, and an award, for dividing and inclofing the common fields, common downs, meadows, and pa-ftures, within the manor of Barton

' Stacyy in the parish of Barton Stacy, in the county of Southampton.

7.	An act for dividing and inclofing the common field, common meadows, common paflure*, common grounds, and commonable land^ in thetownfhip ofBurckejleryother-wife Burcejlery otherwife BiJjUter

' Market End, in the county of Oxford ; and for extinguifhing all right of common in certain common meadows, common paftures, and inclofed grounds, in the faid townfhip.

8.	An act for confirming and eftab-lifhmg two several articles of agreement, for inclofing and dividing Northwood Hancburch Heathy and

•	Toft Greeny in the manor and parish of Trentbamy in the county of Stafford.

9.	An act for dividing and inclofing a certain piece of pafture ground, called JVbitgift Paflure, in the county of York 5 and for giving a compenfation, in lieu of tythes, to the impropriator of the redory of JVbitgift aforefaid.

10.	An act for varying and poftpon-ing certain limitations in a grant made by King Charles the Second,

•	of a duty on coals fhipped in the river Tyney to Charles late duke of Richmond and Lenox; and for ei>-abling the present duke of Richmondy Lenoxy and Aubigny, to make a jointure on his intended marriage with lady Mary Bruce.

11.	An act for fettling a certain yearly futn upon the right honourable Ann Fitzrcyycommon 1 y cal led cou n -tefs of Eujlony wife of the right honourable Auguftus Fitzroy efquire,

r commonly called earl of Euflohy

•	out of certain yearly penfions iflii-

a 4	,	ing

 

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

ing out of the hereditary revenue of the excife, and comprited in cer-^ tain letjters patent bearing date the two and twentieth day of October in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, in part of the jointure agreed to be fecured to her upon her inter-- marriage with the faid right hon-. ourable Augustus Fitzroy efquire,

, commonly called earl of Eufion.

12- An ait for verting the estate and .intcreft late of Robert Cheatham efquire, deceafed, in the duties granted by certain aits of parliament, for maintaining a lighthoufe on the Edyjhne rock, in trurtees, in truft to raise money to be applied towards rebuilding the faid light-houfe.

43. An ait" to impower the warden . and fociety of The King's-Towny of Sutton Coldfield, in the county of Warwick, to grant part of a common called Sutton Coldfield Parky 1. unto Simon LuttreU efquire, and his heirs.

14.	An ait to enable Mary Jeffreys, the wife of Jeffrey Jeffreys efquire, a lunatick, and the committee or committees of his estate for the time being, to make leafes of the parts and (hares of the faid Mary Jeffreysy of divers lands, tenements

. and hereditaments, in the county . of Devont devifed by the will of Sir William Maurice, deceafed, during the continuance of the laid lunatick’s interest therein.

15.	An ait for eftabliftiing and rendering effeitual certain articles of

. agreement for inclofiog the common fields and grounds in the manor of Stroggletborpey within the parifti of Beckinghamy in the county of Lincoln; and for making a com-penfation to the reitor of the faid parifti, tor the glebe land? and tythes in Stragglethorpe aforefaid. j£. An ait for dividing, allotting,

! and inclofing^ the common* open

and arable fields,and wafte grounds

in Earlfioniy in the paiifti of Burgh-cleare* in the county ofHants. . *

17.	An ait for dividing a^diddofing the common fields, common meadows, .common pafturea, common grounds, and commortaUe lands within the townftiip of Piddington* in the county of Oxford.

18.	An ait for dividing and indofing certain common paftures and common grounds, in the manor and parish of Wingerworthy and in the hamlet of Tuptony in the parifti of North Wingfield refpe&ively, in the county of Derby.

19.	An ait to enable Thomas Turner efquire, and his iffue, to take and ufe the furname and arms of Pay-ler.

20.	An ait for naturalizing John Ja~ cob Tbompfons.

21.	An for veiling the fettled estate of George William earl of Co-ventryy in the county of Cambridge, in truftees, in truft to fell the fame; and to lay out the money artfing by fuch fate, in the purchaie of other lands and hereditaments lying nearer to his estate in the counties of Worceftety Glouufiery and Warwicky to be fettled to the uifes therein mentioned.

22.	An a & fordifehareing Jo bn lord Trevory executor o? Thomas lord Trevory deceafed, from the sum of eight thousand and eight hundred pounds, agreed by the (aid Thomas lord Trevor, to be laid out in the purchafe of lands, and for confirming the application made’by the faid John lord Trevor, of the laid eight thousand and eight hundred pounds towards the difeharge of the sum of ten thousand pounds, charged on the manor of Brmbamy and other the eftates late of the faid Thomas lord Trevor, in tjie county of Bedford.

23.	An a<ft for impowering the guardians of Henry lord Arundell of

War dour y



ATTi/CRLE of the STATUTES.

Wardmtt, and Thomas Arandell his * brother, both infants, to make lcafes and copyhold grants of their feve-ral eftates, during their refpeftive minorities, tf Ao ad for impowering Henry vifoount Irwin, George Ingram, his brother, and Charles Ingram, his nephew, to fettle part of the faid vifcount Irwin’* eftate, upon the marriage of the faid Charles Irwin, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

25. An act for regulating and improving certain benefaftions vetted in the reft or and principal profeftors and matters of the univerfity and college of Gla/gow. a6. An act to impower Sir John Shaw baronet, to make a partition, during the minority of John Shaw, his infant fon, of certain premises de-yifed to him by the will of dame Anna Maria Shaw widow, deceafed. 27. An act for fale of part of the fettled eftates of George Choftn the elder, andGeorge Chafin the younger, tefquires; in the counties of Dorfet and Smerfet, for payment of their debts; and for rendering a power in a certain fettiement therein mentioned, for making jointures, more effeftual y and for other purpofes. 28* An act for vetting certain tythes and hereditaments in the Ijle of Height, theeftate and inheritance of - Thomas Bonierefcjuire, a lunatlck, in truttees, to be fold for difeharg-ing incumbrances ^afftftirig the feme; and for other purposes there-■ in mentioned.

29.	An act for confirming the title of William Witty enquire, to certain

1 lands and hereditaments in ihe county afL/wc/tf, purcha fed of Fran-eisr Fyfbtr^ efqoire; and for vetting and fettling other eftates of the faid . Frames Fyjher, in the faid county, upon the trufts, and for the purposes therein mentioned.

30.	An act to enable Lilias Montgo-

merie of Skehnorfy, to fell lands in the county of Renfrew; and to lay out the monies arifing thereby, in the purchafe of lands contiguous to other lands of the faid Lilias Montgomerie, in the county of Air;. and for other purposes therein mentioned.

31.	An act for enabling Mary Hearle widow, Thomas Hearle clerk, and John Rogers efquire, guardians of Margaret Hearle, Jane Hearlei Betty Hearle, and Harriet Hearle, infants, to make leafes of several eftates in the county of Cornwall; and alfo fetts and leafes of the mines therein; and to carry on adventures during the minority of the faid infants.

за.	An act for eftabliftiing and rendering effeftual, certain articles' agreement, for the dividing Smd inclofing the common fields, common meadowgrounds,and common or watte, in the towriftiip of Bijhop-thorpe, in the county of the city of York, and for other purpbfes therein mentioned.

33.	An act for dividing and inclofing certain common fields, common paftures, common meadows, corn-grounds, and waftC grounds, within the parish of Wofbampcote, in the county of Warwick.

34.	An act for confirming and efla-Wifhing articles of agreement for dividing and inclofing the open town fields of Weft Matfen, arid a fmall common or watte ground thereto adjoining, in the county of Northumberland.

35.	An act for dividing and inclofing the common fields, common pastures, common meadows, common grounds, and watte grounds, in the manor and lordffiip of Pryors Mar+ fon, in the county of Warwick.

зб.	An act for dividing and inclofing certain fields, meadows, and commons, in the manor of PutfoMl, in the county of York.

37.	An

 

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

37.	An z& for dividing and irtclofing a parcel of Common ground in the manor of Strenfally in the county of York; and tor giving compen-fation to the prebendary of Siren-fall aforefaid, and his farmer, and the vicar of Strenfall, in litu of their refpcdtive tythes and ecclefiaftical dues out of the faid parcel of ground.

38.	An adt for eftablirtiing and rendering effectual articles of agreement for dividing and inclofingthe open fields and common grounds in Padlingtotiy in the county of York.

39.	An adt for dividing and inclofing Thornton, otherwife Bijhop Thornton moor, (tinted pafture, or common, within the manor of Bijhop Thorn-tony with Bjjbopjidey in the county of York.

.40. An adt for dividing and inclofing several open and arable meadow and pafhire grounds, in the pari(h of Loxlejy in the county of War-wick.

41.	An adt for dividing and inclofing the common fields, grounds and meadows, in the manor and parifti of Baumbcry otherwife Bamburgby in the county of Lincoln.

42.	An adt to dififolve the marriage of the honourable Charles Hope IVeir efquire, with Ann Vane his now wife, and to enable him to marry again; &nd for other purposes therein mentioned.

43.	An adt to diffolve the marriage of Thomas Nuthall gentleman, wuh Lucy Scott his now wife, and to enable him to marry again ; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

44.	An adt for naturalizing John Du-rode.

.45. An adt toafcertain, eftablifti, and confirm, the boundaries of the manors and parifhes of North Mims and North'JWy fo far as the fame extends to and upon the several the commons called North Mims and

Northaw common, in the county of Hertford.

46.	An adt to enable the governors of the hofpital of King James, founded in Charter Houfiy to fell and convey the manor of Blacktoft^ and divers lands and tenements in the county of York; and for laying out the money arifing thereby* in the purchafe of other lands and tenements, for the benefit of the faid hofpital.

47.	An adt to enable the guardian of of Charles fVardy an infant, to fell and convey part of his estate in the county of fVartvicky purfuant to an agreement with the right honourable Francis earl Brooke ; and for applying the purchafe-money in difeharge of incumbrances affedt-ing the fame.

48.	An adt for carrying into execution articles of agreement, entered into before, and in consideration of, the marriage of Crifp Molinetex efquire, with Katharine Montgome-rjy his now wife.

49.	An ad* for vefting the fettled e-ftates of Lillie Smith Aynfcombe efquire, and Valentina his wife, in truftees, to be fold; and for applying the money arifing by fuch fale, in the purchafe of other freehold lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to be fettled and limited to the like ufes; and for other purposes in the faid adt mentioned.

50- An adt for vefting part of the real estate of Henry Ghivers Vince efquire, deceafed, in truftees, to be fold for railing money to difeharge the debts and incumbrances directed to be paid by a decree of the court of Chancery.

51.	An adt for vefting divers mefliia-ges, tends and hereditaments, part of the real estate late of George Da-vifony decealed, in truftees, to enable them to convey the fame to purchasers or mortgagees theieof, 2	er

 

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

or untofuch other person orperfons as the court of Chancery Ihall diredt.

52.	An adt for dividing and inclofing certain open and common fields,

S' ’ g within the parish or town-of Morton, otherwife Merten Merrely in the county of Warwick.

53.	An adt for dividing and inclofing several commons or waftes, and alfo several common fields, meadows, paftures, and wafte grounds lying within the manor of Wimef-wetudy in the county of Leicefter.

54.	An adt for confirming a partition between William earl of Dartmouth % and Frames Katherine countefs of Dartmeuthy his wife, and Sir William Maynard baronet, of several eftates in the counties of Bucksy MiddlefeXy Surreyy Suffolky and Hertfordy and in the city of Lon-dotty and for vetting and fettling the entire premittes to the several ufe$ therein mentioned.

55.	An adt to impower EUzabetby the wife of Henry Thomas Carr efquire, a lunatick, to make an appointment of a fum of three thoufend pounds, towards the payment of the faid lunatick’s debts; and for other purposes therein mentioned. 56- An adt for fale of part of the fettled ettate of William Tbomfon efquire, in the county of BerkSy to raise money towards difeharging several mortgage debts and incumbrances attesting other parts of his fettled eftates, in the fame county. 57, An adt for impowering the receiver general of his Majesty’s cuf-toms, to releafe and difeharge the ettate. and effedts of George Buchanan and William Hamilton, from a debt due to his Majesty, upon payment, by the affignees under the commiflion of bankruptcy againft them, of a fum of money therein - mentioned.

58. An aQt to enable Samuel Jackfon efquire, now called Samuel Doding-tpnyisind his heirs male, to take jand

ufe, in exchange for his and their own fumame and arms, the fur-name and arms of Dodingtony pur-fuant to the will of George Doding-ton efquire, deceafed.

59. An adt to enable James Newfarh efquire, and his ifliie, to take and ufe the furname of Craggs. * *

Anno 31 Georgii II.

Cap. 1. For continuing certain laws made in the laft feluon of parliament, for prohibiting the exportation of corn, malt, meal, flour, bread, bifeuit, and ftarch ; and for prohibiting the making of low wines and fpirits, from wheat, barley, malt, or any other fort of grain, or from meal or flour; and to allow the tranfportation of wheat, barley, oats, meal, and flour, to the IJle of Many for the ufe of the inhabitants there; and for reviving and continuing an 26k made in the fame feffion, for difeontinuing the duties upon corn and flour imported, and upon com, grain, meal, bread, bifeuit, and flour,

* taken from the enemy; and to permit the importation of. corn and flour into Great Britain and Irelandy in neutral (hips; and to authorise his Majesty, with theadvice of his privy council, to order and permit the exportation of fucli quantities of the commodities aforefaid, as may be neceflary for the fuftenta-tion of any forces in the pav of Great Britain, or of thofe ot his Majesty’s allies afting in fupport of the common caufe ; and to prohibit the payment of any bounty upon the exportation of any of the faid commodities to be made during the continuance of this adt.

Cap. 2. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty'eight.

Cap.



A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Gap. 3. For allowing Reimportation of hich fine Italian organzine filk into this kingdom from any port or place whatsoever, as shall have been (hipped on or before the day therein mentioned.

Cap. 4. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land rax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the Service of the year one thousand Seven hundred and fifty eight; and for in-* forcing the payment of theYarts to be afleflfed upon Somerfet Houfe in the Strand.

Cap. 5. For punishing mutiny and defertion; and for the better payment of thearmy and their quarters. Cap. 6. Fen* the regulation of his Majefty's marine forces while on (hore.

Cap. 7. For appointing commiflion-ers for putting in execution an aft of this feflion of parliament, intituled, An aR for granting an aid to ' his Majefiy, by a land tax to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of * the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty eight \ and for enforcing the payment of the rates to be ajfejfed upon Somerfet Houfe in the Strand; and for rfeftifying a miftake in the faid aft; and for allowing farther time to the receivers of certain aids, for fetting infuper for monies in ar-rear.

Cap. 8. For enlarging the terms and powers granted and continued by Several afts of parliament, for repairing the harbour of Dover in the county of Kent.

Cap. 9. To indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices and employments ; and to indemnify juftices of the peace, and others, who have omitted to regifter their qualifications within the time limited by law ; and for giving further time for thofe pur-pofes, and the filing of affidavits of articles of clerkfhip.

Ca.>. 10. For the encouragement of

feamen employed irt the royal navy ; and for eftiblhhing a regular method for the puhfttial, frequent, and certain payment of their wages; and for enablihg them more eafily and readily to remit the fame for the flippOrt of thftt wives and families 5 and for preventing frauds and abufes attending Such payments.

Cap. it. To amend an dft made in the third year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An ail for the better' explanation, and ftipplying the dtfeils of the former laws for the Jettlment of the poory fo far as the famfe relates to apprentices gaining a fettlem^nt by indenture; and alfo tb impoWer juftices of the peace to determine differences between maftefs and tniftreffes and their1 fervants in huf-bandry, touching their wages, though fuch fetvants are hired for lefs time than a year.

Cap. 12. To encourage the growth and cultivation of madder in that part of Great Britain called England, by afeertaining the tithe thereof there.

Cap. 13. For allowing a further time for holding the firft meetings of commissioners or truftees for putting in execution certain afts made in the laft feflion of parliament.

Cap. 14. For further explaining the laws touch i ng the eleftors of knights of the (hire to ferve in parliament for that part of Great Britain called England.

Cap. 15. For the encouragement of the exportation of culm to LiJbon% in the kingdom of Portugal.

Cap. 16. To enforce and render more effeftual an aft made in the twenty fifth year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled. An ail for annexing certain forfeited tfates in Scotland to the crown unalienably ; and for making fatisfailion to the lawful creditors thereupon; and to ejlablijb a method

 

A TABLE of the STATUTES-

of managing the fame* and applying the rents and profits thereof* for the batter civilizing and improving the highlands ^/Scotland, and preventing disorders therefor the future.

Cap. 17. To explain, amend, and render more effe&ual an a& pa fled in the twenty ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for appointing a fiffi-cient number of eonftables for the fervid of the city and liberty of Weft-mi niter ; and to compel proper per-Jotts to tale upon them the office of jurymen* to present nufances and other offences within the Jaid city and liberty.

Cap. 18. For chaining and preferring certain fen lands and low grounds in the ifle of Ely and county of Cambridge* between the Cam, other-wife Grant* Oufe* and Mildmhall rivers, and bounded on the fouth eaft by the hard lands of Ifleham* Fordham* Soham* and Widen \ and for impowering the governor, bailiffs, and commonalty of the company of confervators of the great level of the fens, called Bedford Level, to fell certain lands within the faid limits, commonly called lnvefled Lands.

Cap. 19. For draining and preferring certain fen lands, low grounds, and commons, in the parities of Chatteris and Doddington, in the ifle of Ely, in the county of Cambridge. Cap. 20. For applying a fum of money granted in this session of par-* liament, for rebuilding London Bridge5 and for rendering more effe&ual an a& patted in the twenty ninth year ef his present Majesty’s reign, intituled. An act to improve* widen, and enlarge, the paffage over and through London Bridge.

Cap. at. For allowing further time % for inroiment of deeds and wills made by papifts; and for relief of proteftant puFchafers.

Cap. 22. For granting to his Majefty

feveral rates and duties upon offices and penfions; and upon houfes; and upon windows or lights; and . for railing the sum of five millions by annuities, and a lottery, to be charged on the faid rates and duties.

Cap. 23. For the more eafy and Ipeedy recovery of fmall debts within the weftern divifiou of the hundred of Brixton in the county of Surry.

Cap. 24. For the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of fmall debts within the borough of Great Yarmouth, and the liberties thereof.

Cap. 25. For eftabJUhing a free market for the fale of com and grain, within the city or liberty of WeftU minfter.

Cap. 26. To explain, amend, aad enforce an a& made in the iaft fefe fion of parliament, intituled. An act for the better ordering of the militia forces in the several counties of that part of Great Britain called England.

* Cap. 27. For repealing an adl made in the twenty fifth year of his present Majesty, to reftrain the making infurances 09 foreign (hips bound to or from the Eaft Indies. Cap. 28. To permit the importation of falted beef, pork, and butter, from Ireland* for a limited time. Cap. 29. For the due making of bread; and to regulate the price and aflize thereof; and to punifli persons who shall adulterate meal, flour, or bread.

Cap. 30. For applying the money granted by parliament towards-de* fraying the charge of pay and cloathing for the militia, for the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty eight; and for defraying the expences incurred on account of the militia, in the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven. Cap. 31. For granting to his Majesty certain fums of money out or the finking ftmd, for the fervice of the

jear



A TABLE of the STATUTES.

year one thousand feven hundred and fifty eight; and for empowering the proper officers to make forth duplicates of exchequer bills, tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, and other orders, in lieu of fuch as shall be loft, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed ; and for o-, bliging the retailers of wines, commonly called SweetSyOtMade Wines, to take out a wine licence.

Cap. 32. For repealing the duty granted by an a<ft made in the fixtn year of the reign of his late Maje-. fty, on filver plate, made, wrought, touched, allayed, or marked in Great Britain; and for granting a duty on licences, to be taken out by all peribns dealing in gold or filver plate; and for difeontinuing all drawbacks upon filver plate exported ; and for more effe&ually preventing frauds and abufes in the marking or damping of gold or filver plate.

Cap. 33. For enabling his Majesty * to raise the sum of eight hundred thousand pounds, for the ufes and purposes therein mentioned ; and r for further appropriating the fup-plies granted in thisfefiion of parliament.

Cap. 34. For enlarging the times for the fir ft meetings of commissioners or truftees, for putting in execution certain a&s of this session of parliament; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 35. To continue fevcral laws therein mentioned, for granting a liberty to carry fuga rs of the growth^ produce, or manufacture, of any of his Majesty’s fugar colonies in America^ from the laid colonies directly into foreign parts, in (hips built in Great Britain, and navigated according to law; for the preventing the committing of frauds by bankrupts; for giving further encouragement for the importation ©f naval (lores from the Britijb co-

lonies in America; and for preventing frauds and abufes in the admeasurement of coals in the city and liberty of Weftminjler 5 and for preventing the dealing or destroying of madder roots.

Cap. 36. For continuing certain laws therein mentioned relating to Britijb fail cloth, and to the duties payable on foreign fail cloth; and to the allowance upon the exportation of Britijb made gunpowder; and to the encouragement of the trade of the fugar colonies in America ; and to the landing of rum or fpirits of the Britijb fogar plantations, before the duties of excife are paid thereon; and for regulating the payment of the duties on foreign excifeable liquors; and for the relief of Thomas Watfon, with regard to the drawback on certain, Eafi Indian callicoes ; and for rendering more commodious the new paflage leading from Charing Crofs.

Cap. 37. To permit the exportation of certain quantities of malt now lying in his Majesty’s ftorehoufes j and to allow the bounty upon fuch corn and malt as was (hipped and cleared for Ireland, on or before a limited time; and to authorize the tranfportatien of flour, meal, bread, and bifeuit, to the islands of Guern-fey and JerJey, for the ufe of the inhabitants there, in lieu of the wheat, malt or barley, which may now, by law, be tranfported to thofe iilands.

Cap. 38. For applying a fum of mo- * ney granted in this session of parliament towards carrying on the works for fortifying and fecuring the harbour of Milfordxo the county of Pembroke.

Cap. 39. For vefting certain mef-fuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, for die better fecuring his Majesty’s docks, lhips, and (tores, at Port [mouthy Chatham, and Plymouth, and for die better forti-

tying

 

A/TABLE of the STATUTES.-

fying the town of Portfmouth, and citadel of Plymouth, in trtiftees, for certain ufes; and for other pur-pofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 40. To afeertain the weight of trulfes of ft raw, and to punifh deceits in the fale of hay and ftrawin trufles in London, and within the weekly bills of mortality, and within thedi-ftance of thirty miles thereof; and to prevent' common falfemen of hay and ftraw from buying the fame on their own account, to fell again; andalfotoreftrainfalefmen, brokers, or fa&ors, in cattle, from buying on fheir own account, to fell again, any live cattle in London, or within the weekly bills of mortality, or which are driving up thereto.

Cap. 41. To amend and render more effectual an a<ft parted in the twenty ninth year of his present Maje-fty’s reign, intituled, An act for in-

ckfing, by th* mutual confent of the lords and tenants, part of any com-mofor the purpofe of planting and preferring trees fit for timber or underwood ; and for mere effeftuaily preventing the unlawful defiruftion of trees.

Cap. 42. For making perpetual several a<fts therein mentioned, for preventing theft and rapine oh the northern borders of England-, for the more effe&ual punifhir.g wicked and evil difpofed per fori s going armed in difguife, and doing injuries and violences to the persons and properties of his Majesty’s fubjetfs, and for the more fpeedy bringing the offenders to juftree; and alfo two claufes to prevent the cutting or breaking down the bank of any river, or tea bank ; and to prevent the malicious cutting of hop bind* ; for the more effectual punifhment of persons mal'rcioufly lerting on fire any mine, pit, or - delph of coal, or canal coal ; and of persons unlawfully hunting or

taking any red or fallow deer k*

forefts or chafes; or beating or wounding the keepers or other officers in torefts, chafes, or parks j and alfo fo much of an a6t as relates to the power of appealing to the circuit courts in civil cafes, in Scotland.

Cap. 43. For repairing and widening several roads in the counties of Dorfet and Deyon, leading to and through the borough of Lyme Regis.

Cap. 44. For repairing the road from the village of Magor^ to the bridge-foot, in the town of Chepjlow, in the county of Monmouth; and other roads in the counties of Monmouth and Gloucejler.

Cap. 45. For afeertaining and collecting the poors rates, and for better regulating the poor in the parilhof Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondfey in the county of Surry.

Cap. 46. To amend an a& pa/Ted in the laft fellion of parliament, intituled, An act for building a bridge or bridges crofs the river of Thames, from a Ctruiin place in Old Brentford, in the paftjh of Ealing, in the county of Middlesex, known by the name of Smith, or Smith’s Hill, to the opp fue fioore in the county of Surrey.

Cap. 47. For the more eafy and fpeedy repairing of publick bridges within the county of Devon.

Cap. 43. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an a6t of parliament parted in the twenty fourth year of his present Majesty’s reign, for enlarging the term and powers granted by an ait parted in the third year of the reign of his present Ma-jefty, for repairing and amending the several roads leading from JVoodflock, through Kidding ton and Enfione, to Rollright Lane, and inflow Bridge to Kiddington aforefaid; and for making the faid a& inorp effectual.

Cap. 49. For amending several r'oads

leading



A TABLE of the STATUTES.

leading from the town of Tiverton, in the county of Devon.

Cap, 50. For repairing and widening the road£ from Bonington High Bridge to Hale Drove, and to the Eighth Mile Stone, in the parifti of Wigtoft, and to Langret Ferry, in the county of Lincoln.

Cap. 51. For repairing the high road leading from Brent Bridge in the county of Devon, to Gajking Gatey in or near the borough of Plymouth^ in the faid county.

Cap. 52. For enlarging the term granted by an ad made in the twenty fixth year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled. An act for laying a duty of two pinnies Scots, or a fixth fart of a penny fierling, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer which Jball be brewed for faley brought into, tapped, or fold, within the town and parijb of Prefton Pans, in the Jhire s/T£aft Lothian, otherwife Hadding-toun, for repairing the harbour of the faid lowny and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. cj. To explain, amend, and render more effectual an ad palled in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of his late majefty King Wil-ham the Third, intituled, An act for erefting hofpitals andworkboufes within the city and county of the city of Exon, for the better employing and maintaining the pdor there.

Cap. 54. For repealing fo much of the ad of the fifteenth year of his present Majesty, for enlarging the term and powers granted by an ad of the thirteenth year of his late majefty King George the Firft, for repairing the roads from Cirencefier Town's End to Saint John's Bridge in the county of Gloucefiery as directs that the inhabitants of the fe-veral parifhes and hamlets therein named, shall pafs toll free; and for repairing the ftreet from the High Crofs in Cirencefier to the Town's End theres and for other purpofes

therein mentioned ; and for enlarging the terms and powers granted by the faid two former ads.

Cap. 55. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an ad of the twenty fifth year of his present Ma-jefty’s reign, intituled. An act for repairing the pofi road from the city of Edinburgh, through the counties of Linlithgow and Sterling, from tat Boat-houfe Ford, on Almond Water, and from thence to the town of Linlithgow, and from the faid town of Falkirk, andfrom thence to Stirling ; and alfo from Falkirk to Kil-fyth, and to Inch Bellie Bridge, on the pofi road to the city of Gla.gow ; and for building a bridge crofs Almond Water.

Cap. 56. For enlarging the powers granted by an ad pa (led in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An act for rendering more cffeftuahhe several afts pajfed for the erefting of hfpitals and workhoufes within the cityofBf\bo\y for the better employing and maintaining of the poor thereof \ and for making the laid ad more effectual;

Cap. 57. For making more effedual four several ads of parliament, made in the fixth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Ann\ the eleventh year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft; and in the tenth and thirteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty re-fpedively, for repairing the highways from Old Stratford in the county of Northampton to Dun-churchy in the county of JVarwick.

Cap. 58. To continue and render more effedual two ads of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty, and in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads leading from Birmingham to Edghill, in the county of Warwick.

Cap. 59. For building a bridge crofs

tho

 CjOOQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

the river Trento at or near a place call Wilden Ferry.

Cap* 60. To enlarge, alter, and render more effeftual, the term and powers of an aft of the twelfth year of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads from Bakewelt to Cbefterfieldin the county of Derby % and from Chefterfield to Workfop in the county of Nottingham, and other roads therein mentioned.

Cap. 61. For repairing and widening the road from Cirencefter in the county of Gloucefter, to Cricklade in the county of Wilts.

Cap. 62. For repairing and widening the roads from Little Sheffield, in the county of York, through the towns of Hath erf age,, Hope, and Caftleton, to Sparrowpit Gate, in the county of Derby; and from the Guide Poft near Barber's Field Cupola, through Grindkford Bridge, Great Hue k low, Tidfwell, Hardgate Wall, and Fair-field, to Buxton, in the county of Derby.

Cap. 63. For repairing the roads from Leeds to Sheffield, in the county of York.

Cap. 64. For enlarging the terms and powers of two afts of parliament, one pafled in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an aft paffied in the twelfth year of the reign cf his late majefty King George the Fir ft, for repairing the road from

4 the'city 0/* Gloucefter to Stone, and ether roads therein mentioned; and for making the faid aft more effectual', and the other palled in the twenty second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled,An act for continuing two afts of parliament, the one paffied in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Fir ft, for amending the frjeral roads leading from the city pf Briftol \ and the other paffied in the fourth year of the reign of his present Vol. XXII.

Majefty, to explain and amend the fame aft, and for making the faid afts more effieftuaf\ andalfo for repairing other roads therein mentioned •, and for making all the faid afts more effeftual$ and for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, fe-veral other roads.

Cap. 65. For repairing and widening the roads from Tetbury, to the gates on the weft of Simon As Hall Down;, and from the turnpike gate at thief top of Froccfter Hill, to the turnpike road from Cirencefter towards Bath\ and from the field called Bouldown Sleight, to the end of a lane adjoining to the road from Horfley to Tetbury, near Ttltup'i Inn; and from the Market Houfe in Tetbury, to, the turnpike road on Minchin Hampton Common', and from the faid road in Minthiri Hampton Field, unto the turnpike road from Cirencefter to Stroud9 near Burnt AJh \ and from the faid turnpike road, to Tayloe’s Millpond in Chalford Bottom, and through Hide, to the bottom of Bourn Hill4 in the county of Gloucefter.

Cap. 66. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads leading from Chriftian Malford Bridge, in the county of Wilts, to Shillingford Gate, in the county of Berks; and alfo from Swindon to Lyddenton Wall, in the faid county of Wilts-

Cap. 67. For widening and repairing several roads leading from the Welch Gate and Cotton Hill, in the town of Shrewsbury, in the county

of Salop.

Cap. 68. For amending the road leading from Pengate in the parifti of Weftbury, in the county of Wilts, to Latchet’s Bridge, near tha eaft end of Market Laving ton; and alfo the road leading from Market La~ vington Down, to the turnpike road near Dewey s Water ; and alfo the road leading from Bolesborough, to b	Stud-

 CjOOQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Studley Lane End; and alfo the road leading from Yarnbrook, to the turnpike road at Melkfham, in the faid county of Wilts.

Cap. 69. To continue and render more effeftual an aft made in t(ie fifteenth year of his present Maje-fty’s reign, intituled. An act for laying a duty of two pennies fcots, or cnefixth part of a penny fer ling y upon tvery Scots pint of ale and beer which Jball be brewed for fale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the town of Kirkcaldy, and liberties thereof

Cap. 70. To enable the truftees appointed for putting in execution an aft paflTed in this session of parliament, intituled. An for repealing fo much of an aft of the fifteenth year of his present Majefiy, for enlarging the term and powers granted by an aft of the thirteenth year of his late majejly King George the Firjl, for repairing the roads from Ciren-cefter Town’s end to Saint John’s Bridge, in the county of Gloucefter, as direfts that the inhabitants of the several parijhes and hamlets therein named, jhall tafs tollfree; and for repairing theJlreet from the High Crofs in Cirencefter, to the town's end there, and for other purposes therein mentioned; and for enlarging the terms and powers granted by the faid two former afts\ to reduce all or any of the tolls granted by the faid aft ; and for appointing additional truftees for putting the faid afts in execution.

Cap. 71. For regulating, governing, preferving, and improving, the oyfter filhery in the river Colne, and waters thereto belonging.

Cap. 72. For extending the navigation of the river Colder, to or near to Sowerby Bridge in the parish of Halifax; and for making navigable the river Heble, Halig or Halifax Brook, from Brookfmoutb to Salter Hebble Bridge, in the county of York*

Cap. 73. For repairing and widening the roads from Cbawton Pond, in the parish of Qhawton, in the county of Southampton, through Rumfdean Bottom, Weflmeon, Warnford, Exton, Bijbojrs Waltham, and over Sherrill Heath, and through Wickham and Fareham, to the town of Gofport i and from Exton aforefaid, through Droxford’, ta the eaft end of Sherrill Heath, in the faid county.

Cap. 74. For repairing and widening the roads from the town of Bijhop's Waltham, in the county of Southampton> oyer the top of the down called Stephen's Cafile Down, and through Salt Lane and Tichborne, to the town of New Alresford; and from the Market Houje in the faid town of New Alresford, through Old Alresford, Bradley Lane, and over Herriard Common, to the town of Odiham in the faid county.

Cap. 75. For repairing and widening the roads from the town of Stock-bridge, in the county of Southampton, to the city of Winchefler \ and from the faid city, through Bellmour Lane, to the top of Steven's Cafile Down, near the town of Bifhop's Waltham, in the faid county ; and from the faid city of Winchefler, through Otterborne, to Bargate, in the town and county of the town of Southampton.

Cap. 76. For relief of the coalhea-vers working upon the river Thames; and for enabling them to make a provilion for fuch of themfelves as shall be lick, lame, or part their labour, and for'their widows and orphans.

Cap. 77. For repairing and widening the road from the Swan Inn at Lea-therhead, to the Maypole at the upper end of Spital or Somerfet Street, in the parish of Stoake, near the town of Guldeford, in the county of Surry.

Cap. 78. For repairing and widening

the



A TABLE of the STATUTES.

the road from the town of Guide-ford, to the Dire fling Pojl near the town of Farnham, in the county of Surrey.

Private ABs.

Anno 31 Georgii II.

t. An act to enable John earl of Sandwich, Wellbore Ellis efqujre, and Thomas Potter efquire, to take in Great Britain, the oath of office as vice treasurer and" receiver general and paymafter general of all his Majesty’s revenues in the kingdom of Ireland; and to qualify them-felves for the enjoyment of the faid offices.

2.	An act for transferring certain South Sea annuities, (binding in the name of the late treasurer to the commissioners for building fifty new churches, unto the re-fpeftive reftors of eight of thofe churches, and for veiling certain fites for churches purchased by the faid commissioners, in trullees, in order to fell the fame for the pur-pofes therein mentioned.

3.	An act to enabl t George Amy and and John Anthony Rucker of London, merchants, agents for the Embden Eajl India company, to fell and difpofe of the cargo of the (hip the Prince Ferdinand of Prufjia, to the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, and to enable the laid united company to purchafe land, fell, and difpofe of, the fame or any part thereof; and to impower the laid George Arnyand and John Anthony Rucker, to make infuran-ces upon the faid Ihip and cargo.

4.	An act to enable Mary Woollett fpinfter (notwithftanding her infancy) upon her marriage with Robert Mead Wilmot efquire, to fettle and convey her estate and in-tereft in certain mefluages, lands, and hereditaments, in the county

of Kent, and in two fevefal fums of two thousand pounds, and three hundred pounds, to the ufes ia certain articles of agreement mentioned.

5.	An act to diffolve the marriage of Godfrey Wentworth efquire, with Dorothea Pilkington his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

6.	An act for dividing and indo-ling certain waftes or commons called Brancepeth, and Stockley moors or commons, within the manor and parilh of Brancepeth, in the county of Durham.

7.	An aft ror dividing and in-clofing certain open and common fields, in Great Glen, in the county of Leicefter, called the Upper or North End Fields, and all the common palhires, common meadows, and common and walle grounds, within the faid fields.

8.	An act for naturalizing George Clifford.

9.	An act for veiling the forelh and manors of Singleton and Charlton, and other manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in th? counties of Stiffen and Wilts, in trullees, and their heirs, upon the trulls therein mentioned, freed and difeharged from the ellatei, ufes, and trulls, to which the fame are at present fubjeft; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

10.	An act for inclofing and dividing the moors and commons within the chapelry of Hamflerly, in the manor of Wolfingham, in the county of Durham.

11.	An act for confirming a contraft of leafe of mines between Charles duke of Shteensborougb and Dover, of the one part j and Ronald Crawford, James Crawford, and Daniel Telfer, of the other part; and foe enabling the faid duke, and his heirs of entail, tp grant leafes in

b 2	terms



A TABLE of the STATUTES.

terms of the faid contrad.

12.	An act to enable John earl of Eg-mont9 in the kingdom of Ireland, to raise money for purchafing lands in Great Britain, for the purposes of his marriage fettlement by mortgage, inftead of fale, of part of his Irijk eftate.

13.	An act for felling divers lands and tenements, and (hares of lands and tenements, in London, Middlesex9 and Surrey, of and belonging to Ralph earl of Verney, in the kingdom of Ireland, Afory,countefsof Verney, and Dame Henrietta Maria Clayton, refpedively, and for laying out the money arifing by fuch fale in purchafing other lands and hereditaments to be fettled in lieu thereof.

14.	An act to enable Sir Maurice Crosbie knight, or any future guardian of Francis Thomas earl of Kerry and Lixnaw9 in the kingdom of Ireland, a minor, to difcharge an incumbrance on certain collieries and coal mines in the county of Durham, part of the estate of the faid earl.

15.	An act for carrying into execution, several contrads made by, or on behalf of, James late lord Bulke-ley, in the kingdom of Ireland, in his life-time, for the fale of several lands and tenements, in the county of Anglefey; and for applying the purchafe-money to difcharge incumbrances affeding the fame,

16.	An act for fettling the several charities of the hofpital and free fchool at Kirkleatham, in the county of York, of the foundation of -Sir William Turner knight, deceafed, and the pofleflions and revenues thereunto belonging, purfuant to the will and codicil of Cholmley Turner, late of Kirkleatham aforefaid, ef-quire, deceafed.

17.	An act to enable Charles Bagoty now called Charles Chejler, and his fons, to take the furname oifihejler9 and for carrying an agreement.

therein mentioned, into execution.

18.	An act for vefting in William Read efquire, and his heirs, several intailed eftates • in the county of York, in order that the fame may be fold; and for the fettling another estate in the faid county of Yorky to the like ufes.

19.	An act for vefting part of* the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, fettled on the marriage of William Norris efquire, in the faid William Norris y and his heirs; and for fettling other lands in lieu thereof.

20.	An act to veft part of the fettled estate of Penyfton Powney efquire, deceafed, in truftees, to be fold, and to lay out the money arifing from the fale thereof, in real eftates, to be fettled to the fame ufes.

2i« An act to diffolve the marriage of George Forfier Tuffnell^quire, with Elizabeth Forjlery his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purpofes. therein mentioned.

22.	An ad foreftablifhing agreements made between Charles Brandling efquire, and other perlons, proprietors of lands, for laying down a waggon way, in order for the better fupplying the town and neighbourhood of Leedsy in the county of Yorky with coals.

23.	An act to confirm and eftablifti articles of agreement for dividing and inclofing several open and common fields in Qttringhamy in the county of York.

24.	An act for confirming and efta-blilhing articles of agreement for dividing and inclofing the open common fields, common meadow, commons and wafte grounds, in the town (hips of Brompton and Sawdeny in the parifti of Bromptony in the north riding of the county or York.

25.	An act for eftablifhing and confirming articles of agreement for

di-



A TABLE of the STATUTES.

dividing and inclofing two dinted paftures or commons called Settle Banks* High Scarr* and Scaleber within the townfhip of Settle* in the county of Tori.

26.	An act for dividing and inclofing Newton Moor or Newton Common, within the manor of Newton cum Benningbrough* in the county of Tori.

27.	An act for dividing and inclofing the common and open fields, common paftures, common meadows, common pieces,common grounds, and wafte grounds, in the townfhip of Geydon, in the parish of bi-Jbip’s Itcbington, ih the county of IVarwici.

28.	An act for dividing and allotting certain fields, meadow grounds, and common paftures, in the manor and townfhip of Siirpenbeci* in the county of Tori* and for other purposes therein mentioned.

29.	An act for dividing and inclofing certain open and common fields called Northleigb Common Fields, and a common or wafte called Northleigb Heath, within the parish or townfhip of Northleigb, in the county of Oxford..

30.	An act for dividing and inclofing the common fields, common paftures, common meadows, common grounds, heaths, and wafte ground, of Upper Boddington, and Lower Boddington, within the parish of Upper Boddington* in the county of Northampton, and for fettling a rate or certain annual fum of money to be paid in lieu of the tithes of certain old inclofures within the faid parifh.

31.	An act for dividing and inclofing the common fields, common paftures, common meadows, common grounds, and wafte grounds, in the manor and lordfhip of Woodford, other wife Halfe Woodford, in the county of Northampton.

32.	An *ft for dividing and inclofing

the common, open, and arable fields, and common meadows, in the manor and parish of Hareby, in the county of Lincoln.

33.	An act for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common ground, and wafte grounds, in the manor and parish of Helmdon* in the county of Northampton.

34.	An act for confirming and efta-blifhing articles of agreement for dividing and inclofing certain common fields within the manor of Wilnecote, in the county of War-wici\ and alfo for erefting and working one or more fire engine or fire engines, for the more effeftual draining the coal mines in the faid manor.

35.	An act for dividing and inclofing certain open and common fields, in the hamlet, townfhip, or village of Upton, in the parish of Blewbttry9 in the county of Boris,

36.	An act for confirming and efta-blifhing certain articles of agreement, for dividing and inclofing the open common fields in the parish of Edithwefion, in the county of Rutland.

37.	An act for naturalizing Anthony Fonblanque, and Nicholas Baptijt Aubert.

38.	An act for naturalizing John Bap~

' tifl D*abba die.

39.	An act for feparating Lawrence earl Ferrers, from Mary countefs Ferrers his wife, for the cruelty of the faid earl; and for fettling a maintenance for the faid countefs, out of the estate of the faid earl.

40.	An act to enable the dean and chapter of the collegiate church of Saint Peter at Weftminjler, and their fucceflbrs, to make and grant unto fames Mallors a leafe or leafes of certain pieces of ground, meflua-ges, tenements,and hereditaments, comprized within certain limits,' for a longer term of years than

b 3	they





A TABLE of the STATUTES.

they are at present enabled to grant.

41.	An act for fale of the eftates of Marmaduke Gwynne efquire, in the county of Pembroke, to difcharge incumbrances affecting the fame, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

42.	An act for naturalizing John Knight.

Anno 32 Georgii II.

Cap. r. To ccfntinue, for a limited time, an aft made in the laft fef-fion of parliament, intituled, An act to permit the importation of falted beef pork', and butter, from Ireland, for a limit ed\ time, and to amend the faid aft.

Cap. 2. To continue, for a farther time, the prohibition of the exportation of com, malt, meal, flour,

■ bread, bifcuit, and ftarch; and alfo to continue, for a farther time, the prohibition of the making of low wines and fpirits from wheat, barley, malt, or any other fort of grain, or from meal or flour; and to prohibit, for a limited time, the making of low ^wines and fpirits from bran.

Cap. 3. For granting an aid to his Maiefty by a land tax to be raffed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty nine.

Cap. 4. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty nine.

Cap. 5. For punishing mutiny and defertion ; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 6 Tb explain and amend an aft parted in the twenty second year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled. An act for the more eafy and fptedy recovery of fmall debt j

within the town and borough of Southwark, and the several parijhes of Saint Saviour, Saint Mary at Newington', Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondfey, Chrift Church, Saint* Mary Lambeth, and Saint Mary at Rotherhith, in the county of Surrey, and the several precinfts and //-berties of the fame; and for extending the powers and provifions of the faid aft to fuch part of the ea-ftern half of the hundred of Brix- ' ton, in the faid county, as is not included in the faid aft.

Cap. 7. To indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices and employments within the time limited by law; and for allowing further time for that purpofe.

Cap. 8. For taking off the prohibition of the exportation of corn, malt, meal, flour, bread, bifcuit, and ftarch.

Cap. For the regulation of his Majesty’s marine forces while on fhore.

Cap. 10. For granting to his Majesty a fubfidy of poundage upon certain goods and merchandizes to be imported into this kingdom; and an additional inland duty on coffee and chocolate; and for railing the sum of fix millions fix hundred thousand pounds, by way of annuities and a lottery, to be charged on the faid fubfidy and additional inland duty.

Cap. n. To permit the free importation of cattle from Inland for a limited time.

Cap. 12. Todifcontinue, for a limited time, the duties payable upon tallow imported from Ireland.

Cap. 13. For draining and preferv-ing certain fen lands and low grounds in the parifhes of Somer-« Jham, and Pidley with Fenton, and the parish of Colne, in the county of Huntingdon.

Cap. 14. For the more regular and

eafy



A TABLE of the STATUTES.

eafy collecting, accounting for, and paying, of poft fines, which shall be due to the crown, or to grantees thereof under the crown ; and for the eafe of (heriffs in refpeCt to the fame.

Gap. 15. For the better prefervation of the turnpike roads in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 16. To continue, amend, explain, and render more effectual, an a A made in the fixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the better regulation of laftage and ballaftage in the river Thames, and to prevent putting of rubhifti, a(he$, dirt, or foil, into the faid river, and in the ftreets, paflages, and kennells, in London, and in the fuburbs thereof in Middlesex, and in IVeflminJlir, and fuch part of the dutchy of Lancajler as is in Middle-fex > and for allowing a certain quantity of dung, comport, earth, or foil, to be yearly (hipped as ballad from the layftalls in London on board any collier or coarting vef-fel.

Cap. 17. For obviating a doubt with refpcCt to the fummoning of per-fons for offences com mi tied againrt, or forfeitures incurred by, the laws of excife.

Cap. 18. To continue fo much of an aCt made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the further punifh-ment of persons going armed or diiguifed, in defiance of the laws of customs or excife$ and to the relief of the officers of the customs in informations upon feizures; and to appropriate Certain penalties mentioned in an a<St made in the laft session of parliament, for the due making of bread ; and to regulate the price and afiize thereof; and to punifti persons who shall adulterate meal, flour, or bread.

Cap. 19. To explain and amend an parted in the thirtieth year of

his present Majesty’s reign, for granting to his Majesty several rates and duties upon indentures, leafes, bonds, and other deeds; and upon news papers, advertife-ments, and almanacks; and upon licences for retailing wine; and other purposes in the faid aCt mentioned; fo far as the fame relates to fome provifions with regard to licences for retailing wine ; and to preferve the privileges of the two univerfities in that part of Great Britain called Englandy with refpeCt to licences for retailing wine.

Cap. 20. For enforcing the execution of the laws relating to the militia; and for removing certain difficulties, and preventing,inconvenien-cies, attending, or which may at* tend, the fame.

Cap. 21. For applying the money granted in this feflion of parliament, towards defraying the charge of pay and cloathing for the militia from the thirty firft day of De-cember, one thousand feven hundred and fifty eight, to the twenty fifth (fay of March, one thousand feven hundred and fixty.

Cap. 22. For adding certain annuities granted in the year one thousand (even hundred and fifty feven,

, to the joint (lock of three per un~ turn annuities, confolidated by the a<Sts of the twenty fifth, twenty eighth, and twenty ninth, years of his present Majesty’s reign 5. and for carrying the several duties therein mentioned to the finking fund ; and for charging the annuities on fiogle lives, granted in the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, on the produce of the faid fund.

Cap. 23. To continue several laws therein mentioned, relating to the allowing a drawback of the duties upon the exportation of copper bars imported; to the encouragement of the (ilk manufactures; and b 4	for



A TABLE of the S TATU T E S,

for takingoff several duties on merchandize exported, and reducing other duties; to the premium upon mails, yards, and bowfprits, tar, pitch, and turpentine; to the encouraging the growth of coffee in his Majesty’s plantations in American to the fecuring the duties upon foreign made fail cloth, and charging foreign made fails with a duty; and for enlarging the time for payment of the duties omitted to be paid on the indentures and contrads of clerks, apprentices, or fervants; and alfo for making affidavits of the execution of articles or contrads of clerks to attomies or follicitors, and filing thereof.

Cap. 24. To amend an ad made in the laft session of parliament, for repealing the duty granted by an ad made in the fixth year of the reign of his late Majesty on filver plate, and for granting a duty on licences to be taken out by all per-fons dealing in gold or filver plate, by permitting the fale of gold or filver plate in fmall quantities without licence; and by granting a duty inftead of the duty aow payable upon licences to be taken out by certain dealers in gold or filver plate; and alfo a duty upon licences to be taken out by pawnbrokers dealing in gold or filver plate, and refiners of gold or filver.

Cap. 25. To explain and amend an ad made in the twenty ninth year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act for the encouragement of feamen, and the more fpeedy and effeftual manning bis MajeJly's giavyn and for the better prevention of piracies and robberies by cr^ws of private (hips of war.

Cap. 26. For applying a fum of money granted in this session of parliament towards carrying on the works for fortifying and fecuring the harbour of Milford in the county of Pembroke ; and to amend ancj

render more effedual an ad of laft session of parliament, for applying a fum of money towards fortifying the faid harbour.	'

Cap. 27. For continuing, amending, explaining, and making more effedual, an ad made in the nineteenth year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled. An aft more effectually to prevent the frauds and a-bufes committed in the admeafurement of coals within the city and liberty of Weftminfter, and that part of the dutchy 0/Xancafter adjoining thereto, and the several parijhes ofSaint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and fuch part of the parijb of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies in tbs county of Middlesex.

Cap. 28. For relief of debtors with refped to the imprifonment of their perfons; and to oblige debtors, who shall continue in execution in prifon beyond a'certain time, and for fums not exceeding what are mentioned in the ad, to make discovery of, and deliver upon oath, their eftates for their creditors benefit.

Cap. 29. For further regulating the power of taking famples of foreign fpirituous liquors by the officers of excife; and alfo for impowering the traders to take fuch famples before the duties are charged.

Cap. 30. For making compenfatior* to the proprietors of fuch lands and hereditaments as have been purchased for the better fecuring his Majefly’s docks, (hips, and (lores, at Chatham, Portfmouth, and Plymouth, and for better fortifying the town of Portfmouth, and citadel of Plymouth, in purfuance of an ad of the laft session of parliament; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 31. For granting to his Majesty certain fums of money out of the finking fond; and for applying pertain monies remaining in thfc

A TABLE of the

exchequer for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred . and fifty nine^ and for relief of Samuel Taylor, with refpeCfc to a bond entered into by him for fecuring the duties on tobacco imported.

Cap. 32. For the more effectual preventing the fraudulent importation of cambiicks and French' lawns.

Cap. 33. To explain and amend an aCt made in the laft feflion of parliament, intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty Jeveral rates and duties upon offices and penfions; and upon houfes; and upon windows or lights; and for raifing the sum offive millions by annuities and a lottery, to be charged on the Jaid rates and duties 5 fo far as the fame relates to the rates and duties on offices and

- penfions.

Cap. 34. For the better preventing the importation of the woollen iha-nufaCtures of France into any of the ports in the Levant fea, by or on the behalf of any of his Majesty’s fubjeCts; and for the more effectual preventing the illegal importation of raw (ilk and mohair yarn into this kingdom.

Cap. 35. For augmenting the falaries of the puifne judges in the court of King’sBench, the judges in the court of Common Pleasy the barons of the coif in the court of Exchequer at Wefiminfiery the judges in the courts of Sejjion and Exchequer in Scotland, and juftices of Chejlery and the great feffions for the counties in Walts.

Cap. 36. For enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of one million for the ufes and purposes therein mentioned 5 and for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feffionof parliament.

Cap- 37. For repairing and widening the high road leading from the town or Mansfield in the county of Nottingham, through the towns of

STATUTES.

P!eafieyy Glapwell, Heath, and Nor-mentony and the liberty of Hafiandy to the turnpike road leading from the town of Derby, to the town of Qhefterfield in the county of Derby. Cap. 38. For repairing and widening the roads from Ckappel Bar, near the weft end of the town of Not-tinghamy toNewhaven \ and iromThe Four-Lane-Ends near Oakerthorpe, to AJhbor?ie \ and from the Crofs Pofi on IVirkfworth Moory to join the road leading from Chefierfieldy to Cbappel-en-le-Frithy at or near Longflon in the county of Derby; and from Self on y to Annefley Wood-houfe in the county of Nottingham. Cap. 39. For repairing and widening the roads from the eaft end of the town of Chardy to the fouth end of Weft Moor ; and from the weft end of the Yeovil turnpike road, through llmijlery to Kenny Gate; and from the weft end of Peafe Marjh Lane, to Horton Elm; and from Saint Raihe Hilly to Fmi-fier-y and from WhiteCrofsy to Chil-lington Down\ and from a place called Three Oaks,over IlfordBridgeSy to Bridge Crofs in the county of Somerfet.

Cap. 40. For repairing several rqads leading to the town of Bridgewater, in the county of Somerfet; and for amending and rendering more effectual several aCts for amending several roads from the cities of Gloucefier and Briftoly and several other roads in the faid aCts mentioned, in the counties ,of Somerfet and Gloucefier.

Cap. 41. For repairing and widening the road from the crofs at Broken Crofs in Macclesfieldy in the county of Chefiery through Macclesfield Fo-refi% to the present turnpike road at the fouth end of the townfhip of Buxton, in the qounty of Derby. Cap. 42. For making the river Stort navigable, in the counties of Hert* ford and EJfexy from the New Bridge

to

 LiOOQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

in the town of BiJbopStortford, into the river Lee, near a place called The Rye, in the county of Hertford.

Cap. 43. For repairing and wideningt the road from Cbeflerfield to the# turnpike road at Hernfl one-Lane-Head; and alfo the road branching from the laid road upon the Eajl Moor, through Baflow and Ward-low, to the joining of the faid roads again near IVardlow Mires 5 and alfo the road leading between the faid road and branch from Calver-Bridge, to Bajlow Bridge j and alfo the road from the turnpike road near Newhaven Houfe, to the turnpike road near Grindleford Bridge, in the county of Derby.

Cap. 44. To continue, amend, and make effeftual an aft palled in the twelfth year of the reign of his pre-feht Majesty, intituled, An act for repairing the roads from the north-wejl parts of the county a/* Lincoln, through Nettlam Fields, Wragby Lane, and Baumber Fields, to the Wolds, or North-eaft part of the faid county ; and alfo for repairing and widening the roads from the Well, in Eajlgate in the city of !Lincoln, and from the north-weft end of Horncajlle, and from the Guide Pojl at the eaft end of Hain-ton, through Barkwith, to the roads direfted to be repaired by the faid aft.

Cap. 45. For repairing, widening, and rendering fafe and commodious, several roads leading from the town of Southmolton in the county of Devon.

Cap. 46. For repairing and widening the road from a place called The Old Gallows, in the parish of Sunning, in thecounty of Berks, through Wokingham, New Brae know I, and Sunning Hill, to Virginia Water, in the parish of Egbam, in thecounty of Surry.

Cap. 47. To amend and explain an

6

aft made in the third year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled. An act for making navigable the river Stroud water, in the county tf/'Glou-cefter, from the river Severn, at or near tramiload, to Wallbridge, near the town ^Stroud, in the fame county.

Cap. 48. For repairing the road from Wakefield to Aujlerlands, in the weft riding of the county of fork.

Cap. 49. For the better enlightening and cleaniing the open places, ftreets, fquares, lanes, courts, and other paffages, within the part of the manor and. liberty of Norton Folgate, otherwife Norton Folley, in the county of Miadlefex, which is extrapardchial: and regulating the nightly watch and beadles therein.

Cap. 50. For repairing and widening the roads from Oxdown Gate, in Popham Lane, in the city of IVin-chefler\ and from the faid city, through Hurfley, to Chandler's Ford; and from Hurfley aforefaid, to the turnpike road at Romfey \ and from the faid turnpike road, through Ringwood, in the county of Southampton, to Longham Bridge and Win-borne Minfter, in the county of Dorfet.

Cap. 51. To explain, amend, and render more effectual, the powers granted by several afts of parliament for repairing several roads leading to the city of Bath; and for amending several other roads near the faid city.

Cap. 52. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair the?oad from the Hollow Way to the weft fide of lord Clifford's park gate, where the Exeter turnpike road ends, to a place called Biddaford, in the cpunr ty of Devon.

Cap. 53. For repairing and widening the roads from Grantham, in the county of Lincoln, through Bottes-ford and Bingham, tor Nottingham Trent Bridge and from Chappel

Bar%

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Bar, near the weft end of the town of Nottingham,*** Saint Mary's Bridge in the town of Derby; and from the guide poft in the parifti of Ltn-ton, to Sawly Ferry.

Cap. 54. For repairing and widening the road from Detvjbury to Ealand, in the weft riding of the county of York.

Cap. 55. For repairing and widefnng the roads from the town of Mold to the town of Denbigh, and from thence to Tal-y-Cafn and Conway; and from the toWn of Wrexham to the towns of Ruthin, Denbigh, and the town and port of Ruthland, in the counties of Denbigh, Flint, and Carnarvon.

Cap. 56. For laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one fixth part of a penny sterling, upon every Scots pint of ale, porter, and beer, which shall be brewed for fale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the town of keljo, in the (hire of Roxburgh,. for finifhing a bridge crofs the river Tweed, and for other pur-pofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 57. For repairing and widening the roads from a place called Little-gate, at the top of Leadenham Hill, in the county of Lincoln, to the weft end of Barnby Gate, in Newark upon Trent; and from the guide poft at the divifion of Kelham and Majk-bam Lanes, to Mansfield; and from Southwell to Oxton, in the county of Nottingham.

Cap. 58. For eftabliftiing, regulating, and maintaining a nightly watch, and for enlightening the open places and ftreets, within the town of Guildford in the county of Surrey. Cap. 59. To explain* amend, and render more effectual, an ad pafled in the fixth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, intituled. An a6l for erefling a workhoufe in the Jown and borough of Plymouth in the • county of Devon; and for fetting the poor on work, and maintaining them

there ; and for obliging the mayor and commonalty of Plymouth to contribute towards the county rates of Devon; and for applying, for the relief of the poor in the faid workhoufe, certain furplus monies which have formerly arifen by the affeff-ments for railing the land tax in the faid town.

Cap. 60. For repairing and widening the road from the town of Derby to the town of Newcaftle under Lyne, in the county of Stafford.

Cap. 6t. Fof difeharging the inhabitants of the town of Manchester, in the county palatine of Lancajler, from the cuftom of grinding their corn and grain, except irialt, at certain water corn mills m the faid town, called The School Mills; and for making a proper recompence to the feoffees of fuch mills.

Cap. 62. For improving the navigation of the river Clyde to the city of Glafgowand for building a bridge crofs the faid river, from the faid city to the village of Gorbells.

Cap. 63. To continue and amend two ads, one made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majefty king George the Firft, and the other in the feventeenth year of his pre-fent Majesty, for repairing certain roads leading from Chippenham, and for repairing several roads leading from Chippenham Bridge $ and to repeal fo much of an ad made in the twenty ninth year of his pre-fent Majesty, as relates to the road between the faid bridge and Loiver Stanton in the county of Wilts. Cap. 64. For making and completing the navigation of the river Wear, from arrf including South Biddock, or Biddock Ford, in the county of Durham, to the city of Durham ; and for repealing fo much of an ad made in the twentieth year of his brefent Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act for the better preferva-tjon and Improvement of the river

Wear,

 

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Wear, and port and haven of Sunderland, in the county of Durham; as relates to making the faid river navigable between the faid two places called South Biddock, or Biddock Ford> and New Bridge, in the county of Durham.

Cap. 65. For continuing, amending, and rendering more effectual, fo much of an aft made in the twentieth year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled. An att for the better prefervation and improvement of the river Wear, and port and haven ^Sunderland, in the county of Durham ; as relates to the port and haven of Sunderland, and the river Wear, between South Biddock, or Biddock Ford, and the faid port and haven.

Cap. 66. For amending and widening the roads leading from Stretford’s Bridge in the county of Hereford, to the new inn in the pariih of Winjlanjiow in the county of Salop; and alfo the road from Blue Mantle Hally near Mortimer’s Crrfsy to Aymjlrey in the faid county of Hereford; and for repealing fo much of an aft made in the twenty second year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the road from Mortimer’s Crofs to Aymjlrey Bridge.

Cap. 67. For repairing the road from the fouth end of the fouth flreet,in the pari (h of South Mailings near the town of Lewesy to Glynd-bridge ; and from thence through Firle Street under the Hilly to Long-bridge in the pariih of Alfrifiony in the county of Suffex.

Cap. 68. For repairing and widening the road from Modburyy through the town of Plymptony to the north end of Lincotta Lancy in the county of Devon.

Cap. 69. For repairing, amending, and widening the roads from the fouth weft end of Nether Bridgey in the county of JVeflmorlandy by §izerghffllfidey to 4Levens Bridge,

and from thence through the town of Millthrcpy to Dixies; and from the town of Afillthrop aforefaid to

• Hangbridgey and from thence to join the Heron Syke turnpike road, at the guide poft near Clawthrop Hally in the county aforefaid.

Cap. 70. For repairing and widening the road leading from the eaft fide of Barnejley Common in the county of Yorky to the middle of Grange Moory and from thence to White Crofs; and alfo the road from the guide poft, in Barugby to a rivulet called Bar ugh Brook, and from thence for two hundred yards over and beyond the fame rivulet or brook into the town (hip of Caw-thorney in the faid county.

Cap. 71. For repairing ana widening the high road from Wetherby to Graffingtony in the county of York,

Private Alls.

Anno 32 Georgii II.

1.	An act for dividing and inclofing the common fields, common pastures, common meadows, common grounds, and wafte grounds, in the parish of Bel on, in the county of Northampton.

2.	An act to enable the moft noble Fronds duke of Bridgewater, to make a navigable cut or canal from a certain place in the townlhip of Salfordy to or near Worjley Milly and Middlewoody in the manor of Worfleyy and to or near a place called Hollin Ferryy in the county palatine of Lancafler.

3.	An act for dividing and inclofing the open, arable, meadow, pafture, and wafte grounds, in the parish of Honingtony in the county of Warwick.

4.	An act for eftabliftfing and rendering effeftuaJ, certain articles of agreement for inclofing and dividing tfic commons and wafte

grounds.



A TABLE of the STATUTES.

grounds, m the townlhips of Bentley and Arkfey, and pari(h of Ark-Jey, in the county of York.

5.	An act for dividing and inclofing the open fields and meadows, common pafture, and wafte grounds, in the manor and parish of Staun-ton, in the county of Nottingham.

6.	An act for dividing and inclofing the open, arable, meadow, pafture, and wafte grounds, in the parish of Prejlon upon Slower, in the county of Gloucejler.

7.	An act for dividing and inclofing certain open and common fields in Great Glen, in the county of Lei-after,) called the Nether or South End Fieldsx and all the lands and grounds within the fame fields.

8.	An act for dividing and inclofing several common fields and grounds within the manor of Fillingham, in the county of Lincoln.

9.	An act for dividing and inclofing the common fields, common pa£ tures, common meadows, and common ground, within the manor and parish of Willoughby, in the county of Warwick.

10.	An act to diflolve the marriage of John Cooke efquire, with Sufannab Cooper his now wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

11.	An act to enable Chriftopher Cod-rington efquire, now called Chrifto-pher Bethel/, and his heirs male, to take and ufe the furname and arms of Bethell, purfuant to the will of Slingjby Bethell efquire, deceafed.

12.	An act for continuing, eftablifh-ing, and confirming, the furname and arms of Bootle, unto Richard Wilbraham Bootle efquire, formerly called Richard Wilbraham, and Mary IVilbraham Bootle his wife, and their iflue, purfuant to the will of Sir Thomas 5^/fcknight,deceafed.

13.	An act to enable Thomas Peckham efquire* and his iflue, to take and

y ufe the furname of Fowle.

14.	An act to enable' John Coant gentleman, and his iflue, to take and ufe the furname of Wakelin.

15.	An act for naturalizing Cafper Schoombart, John Spitta, Gyjbert Van Voorjl, Frederick de Chevrigny, Conrad Harkfen, Chriftopher - Stro-tboff, and Jafper Laurence Richter.

16.	An act for naturalizing Tbomaf Pecholier, Peter Harrifon, and Samuel Bernard Graff.

17.	An act for naturalizing Phillippis Willem Caffimir Van Straubenzee, efquire.

18.	An act for exemplifying or inrolling an indenture of fettlement, and the will and codicils of the late earl of Arran, deceafed, and making the fame evidence as well in Ireland as Great Britain.

19.	An act for dividing and inclofing one open and common field called Neithrop Field, and the several parcels of land called Bull's Clofe, The Hooks Common, Balkes Leys, White Poji, Cow Layer, Paddock, Great March Catffeways, and Ley, within the townfnip and liberties of Neithrop and Wickham, and ip the pariih of Bambury, in the county of Oxford.

20.	An act for eftablilhing and rendering effeftual, certain articles of agreement for the inclofing and dividing certain commons or wafte grounds called Rednefs and Swineflcet Paftures, in the county of York. '

21.	An act for veiling divers manors, lands, and hereditaments, in the counties of Bucks, Northampton, Salop, and Stafford, devifed by the will ot Evelyn late duke of Kingfton, in the present duke of Kingfton, in fee fimple; and for fettling other manors, lands, and hereditaments, in the county of Nottingham, of greater value, in lieu thereof, . to the like ufes.

22.	An act for confirming and efta-blilhing an exchange agreed to be

made

 L-ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES:

made between the moll noble John duke of Bedford, and Ambrofe Red-dall gentleman, Judy his wife, and Elizabeth their only child.

23.	An adt for veiling part of the e-ilates intailed by the will o£ the mod noble Charles Noel duke of Beaufort, deceafed, in truliees to be fold; and for purchafing other edates to be fettled to the like ufes; and for impowering the guardian and tru-ftees named in the faid will, to make leafes of the faid duke’s edates, in the counties of Gloucejler, Wilts 9 Hants, Devon, Dorset, Glamorgan, aud Brecon, during the minority of his children.

24.	An adt for fettling the real and Jeafehold eftates of the mod honourable Margaret Brydges, commonly called marchionefs of Car-narvon, wife of the mod honourable James Brydges efquirc, commonly called marquis of Carnarvon, and late Magaret Nicola fpinder, an infant, for the benefit of the faid marquis and marchionefs, and their if-fue; and for applying part of the perfonal edate of the (aid marchionefs for the purposes therein mentioned.

25.	An adl for empowering Henry Arthur earl of Powis, and Barbara countefs of Powis, to make leafes of the edate late of William marquis of Powis, deceafed, in the county of Montgomery, for twenty one years, or three lives, at the improved rent.

26.	An adt for making a partition and divifion of certain lands and hereditaments, in the county of Surrey, agreed to be purchased by Thomas late lord Onflow, and for fettling and limiting the fame, for the benefit of the several persons claiming, under his marriage fettlement and will, refpedtively; and alfo for felling and difpofing of timber growing on the edate devifed, by his will, for the purposes therein mentioned.

27.	Aa aft for ratting money out of

the perfonal estate of the fate du-chefs o(. Buckinghamfkire and Nor-manby9 deceafed, to renew a leafeof certain manors and edates in the county of York, in the manner, and

. for the purposes therein mentioned.

28.	An a dt to enable William Wallcy and others to fell and convey three undivided fourth parts of a roeflu-age or farm, and several pieces or parcels of land and hereditaments, lying in or near the parish of Hoyes9 isi the county of Kent, unto the right honourable William Pitt9 in fee Ample, and for inveding the purchafe-money in other lands and hereditaments, to be fettled to the fame ufes and edates, as the faid three undivided fourth parts are now fubjedt to; and to enable the trudees named in the will of William Cleaver the elder, deceaf-ed, to convey certain pieces or parcels of land, in the parish of Hayes aforefaid, part of the edate devifed by the will and codicil of the (aid William Cleaver9 unto the faid William Pitf9 in fee Ample, in exchange for part of the faid fird mentioned lands.

29.	An adl to repeal an adl made in the lad session of parliament, intituled, An act to enable Charles Ba-got, now called Charles Cheder, and his fons9 to take the furname of Chef-ter, and for carrying an agreement therein mentioned, into execution ; and for explaining and altering that a-greement, and giving better directions for the carrying the fame, fo

explained and altered,into execution.

30.	An adt for carrying into execution the articles made on the marriage of Sir Edward Blackett baronet, with dame Anne his wife, by a fettlement to be made with, and under, certain variations and provi-fions, more beneficial for the iflue of the faid marriage.

31.	An adl to impower the honourable Edward Bouverie aod William

Boun

A TABLE of the STATUTES.*

Bouverie, refpeftively, to make leafes of Chefter's Key and Brewers Key9 and other tenements and buildings, in the city of London, devifed by the wills of Bartholomew Clarke and Hitch Younge, efquires, deceased.

32.	An act to impower certain per-fons to enfranchise Several cuftom-ary lands and hereditaments, parcel of the Several manors of Nicol Forefly Solport and Bewcaftle, in the county of Cumberland, late the ef-tates of the honourable Catherine Widrington widow,deceafed,direft-ed to be Settled to certain ufes, by the will and codicil of the Said Ca-therine Widrington \ and for other purposes therein mentioned.

33.	An act for transferring to the guardians of Charles William Moly-neuxy an infant, a certain power of leafing, contained in the marriage Settlement of Richard late lord vif-count Molyneux deceafed, during the minority, and for the benefit, of the Said infant.

34.	An act to exchange lands between Samuel Wegg efquire, and the dean and chapter of the cathedral church of Saint Pauly in the city of London.

35.	An act for vefting divers lands and hereditaments in the counties of Cornwall and Devon9 fettled and entailed on Denys Rolle efquire, and his iflue, in him, in fee fimple, and for fettling other lands and hereditaments in the Said county of Devon, of greater value, to the fame ufes.

36.	An act for vefting the manor of Duxfordy and divers lands and hereditaments in the county of Cam-bridgey part of the fettled estate of James Barry efquire, and Elizabeth his wife, in truftees, to be conveyed to Richard Crop efquire, purfuant to articles, and for fettling othereftates in the county of YorJ, of greater value, in lieu thereof, to the ufes of their marriage articles.

37.	An act for (ale of the inheritance of part of the fettled estate of John Caryll efquire, in the county of Suffer, to discharge incumbrances af-feftingthe fame.

38.	An act to impower William War-burton efquire, to make leafes of part of his Settled estate in Malvern Chacey for ninety nine years, in or-der for the cultivating and improving pf the Same.

39.	An aft (or fale of part of the Settled eftates of Thomas Buckley ef-auire, in the county of Lancaster, fordifeharging an incumbrance af-fefting the Same, prior to his marriage Settlement.

40.	m aft for giving further time to truftees, therein named, to execute certain trufts vefted in them, in and by an aft of parliament made in the fixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, /n <Ul for vejling the remainder in fee of several lands in Ireland, in truftees,

, in order to fell the fame to protejiant purchafers.

41.	An act for dividing and inclofing several open fields, meadows, and commons, within the lordlhip and liberty of Loughborough, in the county of Leicefter.

42.	An act for dividing and inclofing certain open and common fields, called Little Barrington common fields, and a common or wafte called The DownSy within the manor of Little Barrington, in the county of Gioucefier.

43.	An act for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields of Hotony in the county of Leicefter, and all the lands and grounds within the fame fields.

44.	An aft fordividing and inclofing the open arable fields, open mea-dows,and common pafturegrounds, in the parish of Sileby, in the county of Leicefter.

45.	An act for inclofing and dividing the common fields and common

grounds

 UooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

grounds of, and in, the manor and parish of Harmjion, in the county of Lincoln.

46.	An adt for dividing and inclofing several fields, meadows, paftures, common and Wafte grounds in the parish of Everton, in the county of Nottingham.

47.	An adt for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields of Breedon, Tonge, and Wilfon, in the manor of Breedon, and county of Leicejler, and certain commonable and wafte grounds, withinthe r£-fpedtive liberties thereof.

48.	An adt for inclofing and dividing the common fields, in the manorof Eajl Cotham, in the county of York, and extinguishing the right of warren of the lord of the faid manor in part of a tradt of ground called the Sea Batts, or Coney Warren, in Eajl Cot ham aforefaid.

49.	An adt for dividing and inclofing the open fields and meadows, cotri-mon pafture, and wafte grounds, in the manor of Thijlleton, in the county of Rutland.

50.	An adt for dividing and inclofing the common fields, common paftures, common meadows, common

county of Northampton.

51.	An adt for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields of Oadby,in the county of Leicejler, and all the lands and grounds within the fame fields.

52.	An adt for dividing and inclofing certain open, common, and arable

. fields, meadows, paftures, and wafte grounds, within the manor of

Burjiall, in the parish of Belgraviy in the county of Leicejler.

53.	An adt for dividing and inclofing several open fields,and commonable lands, within the manor and parish of Coleby, in the county of Lincoln. -

54.	An adt for dividing and inclofing the Open and common fields of Desford, in the county of Leicejler, and the lands arid grounds therein, and alfo fuch lands, in the lordfhip of Peckleton, in the faid county, as lie open to the faid fields.

55.	An adt for dividing and inclofing several open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, and common grounds, in the manor or lordfhip of Bartin, other-wife Barton in Fabis, in the several parifhes of Barton and Clifton, in the county of Nottingham.

56.	An adt for dividing and inclofing certain open and common fields, meadows, common paftures, and wafte grounds,' in the parish or townfhip of Bolton upon Dearne, in the county of York. *

57.	An adt for dividing and inclofing certain open, arable fields, in the manor of Bi/hops Waltham, in the county of Southampton.

. An adt to enable Arthur Hill ef-quire, and Arthur his Ton, and their iftue male, to take the name and arms of Trevor.

59.	An adt to enable Robert Dobyns efquire, now called Robert Yate, and his firft and other fons, and their heirs male, to take and ufe the fur-name of Yate, in purfuanceof the will of Walter Yate efquire, deceafed.

60.	An adt for naturalizing John Chri-

Jlian SuhriHg,and John Henry Subring.

The End of the TABLE#

 L.ooQle

STATUTES at Large, &c>

Anno	Regni GEORG II II. Regis

Britannia, Francia, & Htoernia> tri-cejimo.

AT the parliament begun and holden at Weft-minfter, the thirty JirJl day of May, Anno Domini one thousand /even hundred and fifty in the	twenty/eventb year of the reign of our five*

reign Lord GEORGE the Secby the grace of GOD, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland,

King, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued by several prorogations to the second day of December, one thousand feven hundred and fifty fix. Being the fourth session of this present parliament.

CAP. I.

An aQ to	prohibit, for a time	to be l exportation

of corn, malt, meal, flour, bread, bifcuit and

WHEREAS the exportation of any fort of com,'meal, malt, four, bread, bifcuit atid Jlarcb, cut of the kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, may, at this time be greatly prejudicial to his Majefy's fubjetls', be it therefore ena'dled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame,

That no person or persons whatfoever, at any time or times be- No coni, Sec. fore the twenty fifth day of December in the year of our Lord to he exported one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, (hall, diretSly or	orlre.

indir&ftly, export, tranfport, carry or convey, or caufe or pro- iind, i)tfore cure to be exported, tranfponed, carried or conveyed out of or *j Dec. 1757, from the faid kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland; or -load or lay on board, or caufe or procure to be laden or laid on board in any fhip or other vcflcl, or boat, in order to be exported or carried out of the faid kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, any , V01.XXII.	B	fort





a	Anno	tricefimo	Georgii	II. c. u tI757-

fort of com, meal, malt, flour, bread, bifcuit or ftarch, under the penalties and forfeitures herein after mentioned; that is to fay. That all the faid commodities that shall be fo exported, (hipped or laid on board, or loaded to be exported, (hipped or. carried out, contrary to this a&, shall be forfeited; and that every offender or offenders therein shall forfeit the sum of twenty (hillings for every bu(hel of corn, malt, meal or flour; and twelve pence of lawful money of Great Britain, for every pound weight of bread, bifcuit or (tarch, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity, which shall be fo exported, (hipped or put on board to be exported ; and atfb the (hip, boat or veflel, upon which any of the faid commodities (nalh be exported, ihipped or laden to be exported, and all her guns, tackle, ap-Ont moiety of parci and furniture, shall be forfeited j and one moiety of all the to go to thcrC	and	forfeitures	(hall	be	to	the King’s majefty, his

Kingytlieother heirs and fucceffor$j'and the other moiety to him or them that will to th$ profe- foe for the fame5 and for offences which shall be committed in £rt0k a c that part of Great Britain called England, fuch penalties and for-^verythereof ^tures lhall he recovered by adtion of debt, bill, plaint or i*v-if in England, formation, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wefimin-Wales, Jler, or before the juftices of afftxe, or at the great feffions in lVaks, or by information at any general quarter feffions of the peace for the county, city, riding, mviflon or'place, where the offence shall be committed; and in fuch (hit, no effoin, protection, privilege or wager of law, shall be allowed; and for offences which shall be committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by action, or fummary bill or information in the Scotland, courts of feffions or exchequer in Scotland*, and for offences which or Ireland.	*>c	committed	in	Ireland,	in	his	Majefty's courts of record

in Dublin, or at the general quarter feffions of the peace for the county, city or place, where the offence shall be committed; and Matter and that the matter and mariners of any fuch (hip, boat or veffcl, mariners if wherein any fuch offence shall be committed, knowing fuch convi&ed, to offence, ana wittingly and willingly aiding and aflifting there-be committed, and being thereof duly convi&ed in any fuch courts as aforefaid, shall be imprifoned tor the fpace of three months without bail or mainprize

II.	And be it further ena<3ed by the authority aforefaid. Officers im- That k shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons, P?wcr*d to being an officer or officers of the cuftoms, or being lawfully felT **nd com- authorized in this behalf by the lord high treasurer of Great modifies j * Britain, or the commiflioners of the treasury for the time be-* ing, or any three or more of them, to take or feize all fuch of the faid commodities, not allowed to be exported by this a£t, or by his Majesty’s royal proclamation, or (uch order of council, in purfuance of this aitt, as he or they (hail happen to find* know, or difeover to be laid on board any (hip or other veflel or boat, at Tea, or in any port, or in any navigable river or water, to the intent or purpofe to be exported, tranfported or conveyed, out of Great Britain or Irelandcontrary to the true intent of this aft; and alfo the (hip, veffel or boat, in which the fame

' . .	(hall

 

17 57*1

Anno tneefkm GeoRCri II. C. i.%

(hall fee found, and to bring the faid goods to the king's ware- and to lodge houfe or warehoufes belonging to the cuftom-houfe, next to the Jjj* |£^s.sia place where fuch Seizures shall be made, or to feme other fafe w^haufes. place (where there are no fuch warehouses) in order to be proceeded againft according to law ; and in cafe of recovery, to be divided according to the directions of this ad.

HI. Provided always that this ad, or any thing herein con- Neceflary pro-tamed, fhaM not extend to prohibit the exportation or carrying vifion f?r mips out of Such, or fp much of the faid commodities, as Shall be ne- thcir ?0f“ eefl*ry tp be carried in apy (hip or (hips, or other veflfcl or vef- ® 1 fels, m their refpeftive voyages, for the fuftenance, diet and Support of the commanders, matters, mariners, paffengers or others, in Jbc feme (hips or veflfels only; or for the vjdualling or providing any of his Maiefty's (hips of war, or other (hips orveffels and for the in his Majesty’s Service; or for his Majpfty’s forces. Sorts or ganrffons; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith- garrifon£ ttanding.	are excepted.

IV.	Provided ajfo, That thip aft, or any thing herein con- The faid conr tinned, {hall not extend to prohibit any person or persons to fhip modifies may or put on board any of the commodities sfprefaid, to be carried he carried coaft wife; that is to fay, from any port, creek, or member of coquet be * die kingdoms of Great-Britain or Ireland, to any other port, granted for tha cteck, or member of the fame refpedively, having fuch or the fame, and fe-fike coaft-cpcquet or Sufferance for that purpofe, and fuch or the curity given, like Sufficient fecurity bdng firft given tor the landing and drf-chargtng the fame in Some other port, member or creek of the

faid kingdoms, and returning a certificate in fix months, as is required by law in c*fes where goods which are liable to pay duties on exportation, or carried coaft-wife from one port of preat-firitjan to another, apd pot otherwise.

V.	Provided also, That this aft, or any thing herein con- Tfae faidc tained, shall not extend to any of the faid commodities which modities may shall be exported, or (hipped to be exported, Out of or from he exported to Great-Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great-Britain, or Gibraltar, or‘ from Great-Britain or Ireland to Gibraltar, or. unto any of his jhe Bntifh if. Majefty's iflaads or cdonies in America, that have ufually been rt‘ies \n Ameri-fupplied with any of the faid commodities from Great-Britain ca, the expor-or Ireland, far the futteptation of the irihabitant9 of the faid tcr declaring iflapds, colonies or dominions, or for the benefit of the Britijh ^def^ned** fifhery in thofe parts only; fo as the exporter do, before the fo^an^gWmg (hipping or laying on board the fame, declare the ifland, colony focurity.

or dominion, iffands, colonies or dominions, for which the faid commodities are refpeftively defigned, and do become bound with other Sufficient fecurity, in treble the value thereof, to the commiflioners or chief officer or officers of his Majetty’s cuftocns, belonging to the port or place where the fame (nail be fhipped or put on board (who hath or have hereby

Swer to take fuch fecurity in his Majesty’s name, and to his ajefty's ufe) that fuch commodities (half not be landed or fold in any parts whatfoever, other than the kingdoms, dominions, islands or colonies for which the fame shall be fo declared j and *

B 2	ifca*



4	Anno	tricefimo Georg 11II. c. i.	[^757-

Certificate* that a certificate under the hand and feal of thp coHedtor, comp-bnTndh%^u>rttro^er or ot^er c*1^ °®cer of the cuftoms; or if no fuch, or be returned the naval officer, or fome other principal officer of the port within* limit- where the fame shall be landed, shall within the refpedfive times cd time. herein after for that purpofe mentioned (the dangers of the feas excepted) be returned to the officers who took the faid bonds, that the faid commodities have been landed at the port or place for which the fame shall be fo declared ; and for the taking of Officcrsiotake fuch fecurity, and giving fuch certificates (which the refpedfive ^smt^ccrrifi- °®cers aforefaid are hereby on demand required to give) no fee cat«, gratis*, or reward shall be demanded or received; and if any officer shall Officer grant- make any falfe certificate of any fuch comaiQdities being fo ing a faiie cer- landed, fuch officer shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds, feit *ool°and an<* *°k	^P^Y01611^	and	^ incapable of ferving his Ma-

te caffiiered^ je^Y» ^ls ^eirs or fecceflors, in any office relating to thecuftoms j and if any person lhall counterfeit, rafe or falfi{y any fuch certi-*ool. penalty ficate, or knowingly publifh any fuch counterfeit, rafed or falfe en counter- certificate, he shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds, and Feitimg, &c. a fuch certificate shall be void and of none effedl; which faid pe-Method^of re- nai^es f°r offices committed in Great Britain or Ireland, shall covery, be recovered in the fame courts, and in the fame manner, as the other penalties inflidted by this adt are recoverable; and for offences committed in the colonies or plantations in America, or other the dominions belonging to the crown of Great Britain in Europe, shall be recovered in the high court of admiralty, or in any other chief court of civil or.criminal jurifdidtion in fuch re-and applica- fpe&ive colonies, plantations or dominions ; and shall be divided tion thereof" into equal moieties between his Majesty and the informer ; and the faid bond or bonds, if not profecuted within three years, shall be void.

Beans may be VI. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend exported to to prohibit the exportation of beans to the Britijb forts, cattles Africa, on giv- and fadtories in Africa, or for the ufe of the ftiips trading upon ing fecurity. that coaft^ that ufually have been fupplied with the fame from Great Britain or Ireland, fo as the like fecurity be given for the exporting thereof, as is required by this adt to be given by per-fons carrying any of the faid commodities to the Britijb colonies in America.

Eaft Indh VII. Provided also, That nothing, herein contained shall excompany may tend to prohibit the united company of merchants of England, export any of trading to the Eaft-Indies, from exporting any of the faid com-com“ modifies to any of their forts, fadtories or fettlements, for the their fort*°and ^uPPort of the persons refiding there, fo as the like fecurity be fcttlements, given for the exporting thereof, as is required by this adt to be giving fecuri- given by persons carrying any of the (aid commodities to the xy-	Britijb	colonies	in	America.

Wheat.malt.or VIII. Provided alfo. That this adt, or any thing herein con-barlrv, m3y be tained, shall not extend to any wheat, malt or barley, to be exported from tranfported out of .or. from the .port of Southampton only, unto toJerfeyPand the islands of Jerfey and Guernsey, or either of them, for the Guerafey, the only ufe of the inhabitants of thofe iflands, fo as the exporter

before

1

 

i757;]	Anno	tricefima	Georgii	TL	c. i.	5

before the lading of thr wheat, malt or barley, or laying the exporter giv-feme on board, do become bound with other fufficient fecurity lnS Iccunt/« (which the cuftomer or comptroller of the fame port hath hereby # power to take, in hi* Majesty’s name, and to his Majesty’s ufe ; and for which fecurity no fee or reward shall be given or taken), that fuch wheat, malt or barley, shall be landed in the faid i(lands Certificate of of Jirfey and Guernsey, or one of them (the danger of the feas the landing to only excepted) for the ufe of the inhabitants there, and	*t.

not be landed or fold in any other parts whatfoever, and to re- ^ tjj^ lniu ’ turn the like certificates of the landing the fame there, as are herein before required on the exportation of the faid commodities to the Britijb colonies in America, and within the time for that purpofe herein after mentioned; and fo as the quantity of Quantity to be wheat, malt and barjey, which, at any time or times after the	50L)

palling of this aft, and before the twenty-fifth day of December quarters.5 one thousand fijven hundred and fifty-feven* shall be (hipped at the faid port fotjerfey and Guernjgy, or either of them as afore-faid, doth not exceed in the whole, five thousand quarters any thing herein contained to the contrary norwithftanding.

IX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,Commiflmneri

That the commiflioners of the customs for the time being (hall, of the customs and they are hereby required, to give a full and true account »n	b5for?

writing to both houfes of parliament, at the beginning of the ^fia^entSmi next fefCon thereof, of all corn, meal, malt, floor, bread, bifcult account of the and (larch, that shall before that time be exported to any place quantities of whatfoever, by virtue or in purfuance of any of the liberties or com. See, ex-powers hereby given or granted for that purpofe.	poited.

X.	Provided, That nothing in this aft contained shall extend Malt made for to any malt declared or made for expectation'on or before the exportation fourth day of December one thousand feven hundred and fifty-fix, before 4 Dec. which shall be exported; provided the proprietor or proprietors ,75*> 'r'Y thereof shall produce to the colleftor or chief officer of the port proprietor1 * where fuch. malt shall be exported, a certificate or certificates producing a from the officer or officers with whom the entry of the co^i in- certificate tended to be made into fuch malt for exportation shall have been tb*rco^ *roraf

v made, that the faid malt was a&ually declared or made for e*- fiCerfropCr ° * portation on or before the faid fourth day of December one^thou-(and feven hundred and fifty-fix; nor to any other of the com- VcffcIf modifies aforefaid,which (nail be cleared out of any cuftom- out before *5 houfe within Great Britain, before the twenty-fifth day of Dr- Dec. 1736, 5 timber one thousand feven hundred and fifty-fix ; or out of any permitted to cuflom-houfe in Ireland before the twenty-fifth day of December P™ceed on _ one thousand feven hundred and fifty-fix^ but that fuch (hipsthcir T0,*r**e * and vetlels shall be permitted to proceed .on their voyages; any tiding herein contained to the contrary in any wife notwith-ftanding.

XI.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority ... M . aforefaid. That it) cafe his Majesty at any time or times before by^oclama-the twenty-fifth day of December one thpufand feven hundred and tion, or order fifty-feven, shall (in his royal diferetion) judge it to be moft for in council, the benefit and advantage of this kingdoms to permit the expor-before 1

B 3	% ta- imc e * 15

 

6	Anno	trke/lrttt>G#0»O!r	I!,	t.	2.	[ 175^.

®ec- W' tation of corn and other the crttwtodifles aforvlaid, nr any of exportation of t*lcm» l^at t*wrt •* and may be lawful to- and ferbbMajw-corn, &c. fty, by his royal procInitiation or prockMMfloAS to b# ifibed, by and with the advice of hi* privy council* Of by hfeMajdty'i Order in council, to be pubiilhtd in the	from tlttte

to time to permit and faffer all and every person or perlbrrt, natives and foreigners (but not any particular person or perrons) at any time or times before the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand feven hundred fifty-feven, to export or carry out of the kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, or Out of both Or either df them, all or any of the commodities aforefeid, to all or any other place or places, and upon Of without giving (Security for the landing thereof i& foch place or places, and returning certificates Of fuch landing, as to his Majofty (halt feem Meet, and as in Rich proclamation or proclamations, Or fuch orders of council, to be publiihed in the Louden Gazette, shall be CXprefled and declared ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwMiftanding,

Times limited XII. And be it further emitted by the authority aforefeid, the^cernficEes That a'* certificates of the landing and difchargnlg of the ftid from the re- commodities to be exported, other than coaftwffe, shall bo rc-fpeClive ports turned within the refpe&ive times following ■ that is to Tuy, ^her*fhecom, Where the bonds are taken in rdpeft Of any of the laid cothhfo-boded.* b**n Cities to ^ exported from Great Britain	tto	any of the

f*id colonies or plantations in	within	eighteen	cttlendir

months after the date of the faid bonds; and where to Gibraltar, with twelve calendar months after the date of fuch bonds; and where to the iHands of	Gu or Jerfey, within fix calendar

months after the data of fuch bonds; atid where from Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great Britain, withlh ftje calendar months after the date of filch bonds refpe&ively. '

CAP. II.	'

An alt fa make provifton for the quartering of (be foreign troops in bis Majejlfs fervice, now in this kingdom < ; ,t

WH E R E A S difficulties have hit Ay artfien in providing pratilfrs for the foreign troops in bis	Jerv'tce,	which h'aHe

been brought over for the defence s^Grtat Britain; be it ertadted by the King’s mm excellent Majesty, by and With the advice add confent of the lords (pitituil and temporal and COnStnonS in this present parliament awembled, and by the authority of the fame, toteqtarterS That th* fo™**1 troops brought over as aforefaid, shall and and provided ro*y» during their continuance here, be quartered, and be re-for as the Bri- ceived and provided for in quarters, Itl the ft me manner ro all ■tiih troop*, intents and purpofos as the	troops	now	are; and ffcpt

the billeting, quartering, receiving and providing for fuch foreign troops, in the manner aforefaid, shall be deemed and taken to have been, and to be legal, valid and effectual, to all intenrs and purposes whatfoever.

CAP.



r?5?'l

Anno tricefimoGBoaon II. c. j.

CAP. m.

Jbs dB f or granting an aid to bis	Ma by a to

be raiftd in .Great-Bnuin, for	tbtf of the year one

tbaatfanifbvm hundred	and fifty jtmu\and for defcbarg-

tng certain arrears of land taxer	before	the	time

therein mentioned; and for the more effcRuat collecting of drtears for the future. 4s. in the pound.

CXV. AND whereat fever el arrears of land taxes,	Arrears of for-

/V firmer alts ofparlioment, doflillremain unfasiffied, which mer land taxes ought to have been levied, offtjfed,or re-affcflid by the refptSive tom- *£ ** leJ!ied by

mifrummsinMtfsnmedereWnt^

or removed to diftant plates \ it is hereby declared end enacted by the authority arore£ud>Tb*t the comimflioners by this a& named or appointed) or fo many of them as are hereby im powered ta caufe the monies by this aid grafted to be aijefled or railed, (halJ, and they arc hereby hwpowered to caufe the monies fo in arrear upon the faid land taxes, to be ftflefled, fp-pfieiTed, levied and anfwercd, as fully and effectually as any commifiioners appointed by former aCts might have done m that behalf; and the faid afteflbrs, collectors, and receivers, fhatt respectively afiefe, re-sf* fcfs, levy, receive, and anfwer the several arrears, in Rich manner, and under fuch penalties, and by fuch means, and as fuQy and effectually as in this wSL they are i as powered and required, with refpeCt to the several fums by this aCt charged*

CLXXVJ. Provided always,, and it is hereby likewife enaCted sinki func| by the authority afare£ud, That all the monies arisen or to ardit appropriated into the exchequer, of or for the faid furplwffes, cxccflcsor over- to difeharge plus monies, and other revenues, compofing the finking fund national debt (except fuch monies thereof, as are by this, or any other aCt or Deo^ ads m rids or any Conner feflioa xx feflions of parhament, efpe- 1?l^ 5 tiidly charged upon the fold finking fund, or to be paid out of fhC fame, or out of arty revenues or branches compofing the faid faking fund) shall be appropriated, referved, ana employed to and for the difcharging the principal and interefl of fuch national debts and incumbrances, as were incurred before the twenty fifth day of December one thousand feven hundred and fixteeq, and are declared to be fuch national debts as may be redeemed, and are provided for by aCt of parliament, in fuch manner and form, as shall be directed and appointed by any future a<ffc or aCts of parliament to be difrharged therewith, or out of the fame, and to none other ufe, intent of purpofe whatfoever j awy thing m this aCt contained to the-contrary notwithftanding.

-CLXX VII. Ahd whereas several orders of loan or exchequer Drilciency of bills made upon and in purfuance of an a& of parliament of the ^h%CQ** |jX twenty-eighth year of his Majesty’s reigu, (intituledAn afl for how to befup* granting an aid to bis Majefiy by a land tax, to be raifed in Great plied.

Britain, for the fervice of the year one thousand fatten hundred and fifty five) ftill remain unpaid, for want of (efficient money arifmg by the faid a£t being come into the exchequer to anfwer and pay

B 4	the

g

Anrto tricesimo Georgii II. c; 4, 5.	[1757*

the fame; and it is uncertain how mpch thereof the monies a-rifing by the faid a# will be able to anfwer and difcharge; be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That if the money arifcit or to arife into the exchequer, for or on account of the faid aids, on or before the twenty-ninth day of September which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, shall not be fufficient to difcharge the whole principal and interest due, or to grow due, on the several orders of loan'or exchequer bills made upon and in purfuance of the faid a£t, that then fo much moneyas shall then appear to be deficient or wanting for anfwering the purposes aforefaid, shall and may be fup-plied and made good out of any the monies arifing into the exchequer by or from the loans or exchequer bills on this a#, or any other monies or loans that are or shall be appropriated for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven 5 and the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them* or the high treasurer for the time being, shall dire# and apply rhe fame accordingly ; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. IV.

An a# for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year onp thousand feven hundred and fifty lcven; .and concerning the interest to be paid for monies to be borrowed as well on the credit of this a#, as on the credit of an a & of this ftffion of parliament, for granting an aid to his ma-jetty by a land tax,

#	CAP.	V.

An a# for granting to his Majesty a fum not exceeding one million fifty thousand and five pounds, and five shillings, to be raifed by way of lottery.

Natives and foreigners may contribute to the sum of 1,050,605!. 5 s. for the purchafe of tickets in the present lottery, at 11. 1 s. each ticket. Pur-chare money to be paid to the chief caihier of the bank. Subfcribers for 100 tickets, depofitmg the one moittv of the purcba/e money, allowed to t June next to i^ake good the fccond payment. Subfcribers for any left number, to pay the whole of the purchafe money at the time of fuMcrib-ing. Receipts to be given for the fums paid, &c. and the bearers intitled to tickets in refpeft thereof. Caihier to attend at the bank from 9 to $ o'clock, to receive (ubfcriptions. Caihier to give fecurity ; and to pay the monies into the exchequer. Treafury to apply the monies to the iervices voted by the commons. Managers and dire&ors of the lottery to be Appoint ed by the treasury. Books to be prepared with three colums, in each of which 66,667 tickets to be printed. Tickets to be of an oblong form, and joined with oblique lines, Scc. Tickets in the jd column to have the words following printed on them : this ticket entitles the bearer to fuch prize as may belong thereunto. Tickets to be figned. Books to be prepared for 14 clalTes, with » columns, on each of which 66,667 tickets to be printed. Chances of the tickets in the 14 clalTes to be determined by drawing the tickets hi the books with three columns. Managers to examine the books with the tickets, and deliver them to the ca-(hier, and take a receipt for the fame. Caihier to give a ticket for every fum of il. is. paid in, and permit the adventurer to write his name on the correfponding ticktt. Caihier tOTedeliver the books to the managers, by 1 Aoguft, and account for the furas received. Tickets undifpofed of to be returned into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle column to be rolled up, and ried 5 and cyt off indenturewife into a box marked with the letter (A) box tQ be locked up and fealed. Books to be prepared with % cq-

lurnns,

1757*3 Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. fi» 7.	9

tanns, on each erf which 6 6, $67-ticket* to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate ticket*. 756 prizes. Fortunate tickets: 1 o£ . so,000). 1 of 5/)ool. 1 of j,oool. 1 of i,oool. 2 of 500I. 10 of ;ool. too of 50I. %oo ot 20I. 440 of iol. with 300I. to the firft drawn ticket, and 300I.

3s. 4d. to the laft drawn. Tickets of the outermoft columns to be rolled up asyl tied, and cut out indentwife into a box marked with the letter (B).

Box to be locked up and fealed. Publick notice to be given of times o£ cutting the tickets into boxes. The lottery to begin drawing 5 Septenw ber. Method to be obferved in drawing, See. After each day's drawing the boxes to be locked up and fealed. Numbers of the fortunate tickets, and the furos to be printed. Deputes relating thereto, to be adjufted by the managers. Penalty of forging tickets or certificates, felony. Mana-gen to be fwoirr. The oath. Aaventurer not paying his whole confide-radon-money by the times limited, shall lofe the advance money. Tickets not difpofed of shall be delivered into the exchequer. Managers, &c. to be paid by the commissioners of the treafory out of the lottery money.	*

Penalty of felling chances or (hares of tickets, for a lef* time than the drawing of the lottery j or of layinjg wagers relating to the chance of tick^ etsj^ where to be fued for. Application thereof. Perfons felling (hares in dekets of which they are not poflefTed, Stc. to forfeit 500I. Application thereof. Offences committed in Ireland a£ainft aft* mode here, for preventing unlawful lotteries', declared to be punifhable, and may be (bed. for in Dublin. After the drawing of the lottery, the tickets to be ex-changed for certificates. Managers to give notice of the time for taking in the tickets, and delivering out the certificates, &c. Book to be kept for entering persons names, and the numbers of their tickets, Sec. Certificates to be figned, See. 525,002!. 12s. 6d. to be paid out of the fitpplier into the bank before 20 Jan. next, for payment of the prizes. Cafhier to nuke payment thereof accordingly. Treafpry to pay the incident charges attending the execution of this aft, and to make allowance to the bank.

Sec. for their trouble and pains, sol. penalty oh officer taking any fee,

Sec. for receiving or paying monies on this aft. Perfons fued on thu aft may plead the general lfTue. Treble cofts.

CAP. VI.

An act for puniihing mutiny and defertion; andfot the better pay (Heat pf the army and their quarters.

CAP. VII.

An act to difcontinue for a limited time the duties upon corn and flour imported *, and alfo upon fucb corn, grain, mealy bread, bifeuit and floury as have hen or shall be taken from the enemy, and brought into this kingdom.

WHEREAS the iifcontinuing of the duties for a limited time upon corn and flour imported into this kingdom, and alfo upon fluh corn, grain, mealy bread, bifeuit, and flour, as hctve been or Jhall be taken from the enemy, ana brought into this kingdom, may be of advantage to his Majeflfs fubjefls 5 be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and Confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. The enume-That no fubiidy, cuftom, rate, duty, or other impofition what- rated commo-foever, shall be demanded, collefted, received or taken, upon dities for a any corn or flour which shall be imported into this kingdom, bH;mded at any time or times before the twenty fourth day of Auguftnext; duty free, and nor shall any fubfidy, cuftom, rate, duty, or other impofition carried coafk-ivhatfoever, be demanded, colle&ed, received or taken, uppn Wll«*

any



jo	Annottkx&wGi	[1757.

iny com, grain, 1»eal, bread, bsfeuk or flour, which hare bcM or shall be taken from the enemy, and brought into this kingdom, at any time or times before the faid twenty fourth day of Atiguft i but that ?B loch corn and flour, and alfo ail fuck corn, grain, meal, bread, biscuit and flour, fltafl and may be import* ed, brought in, and landed, duty free, and may aHo be carried coaftwife, under fucli reflations as com of the growth of this kingdom is now allowed to be carried coaftwife, at all times before the (aid twenty fourth day of Augnft 5 any former law, ftatute, aft or afts of parliament to the contrary in any wife nptwhhftanding.

Entry to be . IL Provided always, and be it further enafted by the authority aude thereof; aforefeid, That a due entry (hail be made in fach manner and form as were ufed and prafttfed before the making of this aft, of all corn, grain, meal, bread, bHcult and flour, which ftiafl be imported or brought into this kingdom, before the faid twenty fourth day of Auguft, at the cuftom-houfe belonging to the post into which the feme (halt be imported or brought in, or other-otherwife to fo default of making fucji entry, foch corn, grain, meal, be febjeft to bread, bifcuit and flour, mall be liable and fubjeft to fuch and duty.	the fame duties, as were payable upon the importation thereof

before the making of this aft ; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary notwifhftandlnff-

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Tha^ if any aftion or fuk fhaU be commenced againft any person or perms* for any thing done in purfuance of this aft, in that part of Great Britain called England, the defendant or defen-fleneral iflue. dants in any fuch aftion or flat may plead the general iflue, and g}ve this aft and the fpeqial matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon j and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this aft; and if it shall appear fo to have been done, the jury lhall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff fhaU be nonfuhed, or difeontmue his aftion; after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or if judgment shall be given upon any wrfift or demurrer againft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover Treble cods, treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame, as any de~ . . fondant or defendants hath or have in other cafes by law; and land.10 SC°t* "	or fuit be commenced or profecuted in that part

of Great Britain called Scotland, the court before whom fuch aftion ot fuit shall be brought, shall allow the defender to plead this aft on his defence; and if the purfiier shall not infift oft his aftion, or if judgment shall be given againft fuch purfiier, the defender shall and may recover the full and real expences he (nay have been put to by any fuch aftion or fuit.

CAP. VIII.

An alt for the fpeeiy and cffe&ual recruiting of bis Majefty's land forces and marines%

WHEREAS for recruiting bis Majejty's land forces and marines, it is necejfary that a new fupply of men be forthwith

raifed



AnhatricefimoGEbltGii II. c.	ft

Yatfed toitbin the kingdom of Great Britain, by common confent amt front in parliament $ be it therefore enadted by the King’s moft excellent majcfty, by and With the advice and confent of the lords fpirituaJ and temporal and commons in this prefcntjpar-liament affetnbled, and by the authority of the fame. That Within and throughout the ieveral and rcfpedtive counties, fhires, ftewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, parifhes, towns^md places of Great Britain, a fpeedy and effectual levy mcn t0 be of able-bodied men to ferve his Majesty as loldiers, shall be madethroueh-forthwith had, made* pradtifed and put in execution, according °H* Great few to the rules and diredtions of this present adt.1	um*

II. And it is hefeby further enadted, That the juftices of the juftice* of this peace of every county, fhire, ffewartry, riding, liberty or place, peace, com-Withid Great Britain, and all and every the persons who were roiflioners of named, or otherwife appointed to be commimoners for putting^ in execution an adt of parliament made and paffed at Wiefimin- ftrates ot cof. Jler in the twenty eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, porations to intituled. An act for granting an aid to bis Mate fly by a land-tax ^ PuttlH* a A in to be raffed in Great Bi itain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand	*

feven hundred and fifty five $ and for the relief of the inhabitants of certain places in the county of Lincoln, in refpeft of arrears of tie land-tax ^ of any fubfequent adt or adts of parliament for that purpofe, Within the feveralandf rcfpedtive counties, (hires, flew-artnes, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns and places, therein particulariy exprclfed, who are (till living, and have duly qualified themfelves according to the faid adts, or (hafl duly qualify themfelves according to this present adt in that behalf, mall be commiflioners for putting in execution this present adt,	'

and the powers therein contained, within and for the fauio counties, (hires, ffewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns and places of Great Britain, for which they were lb named or appointed refpedtively; and that all and every the Other persons wh6 are named or otherwife appointed to be com- # Uiiffioners for putting in execution an adt paffed in the present foflion of parliament, intituled. An act for granting an aid to bis Majejly by a land tax to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervico Of the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven ; and for difi Charging certain arrears of land taxes incurred before the time therein mentioned; and for the more effectual colie fting of arrears for the future^ within or for the faid counties, (hires, ffewartries, ridings.

Cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns and places, or any of them refpedtively, or fuch of the persons laff mentioned, as shall alio duly qualify themfelves according to this adt m that behalf, shall *Tfo be commiflioners for putting in execution this present adt, and the powers therein contained, within and for the fame re-fpedtive counties, (hires, ffewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns and places of Great Britain, for which they are fo named or appointed refpedtively; and that all and every the juftices of the peace, and magiffrates of corporations and burghs in any part of Great Britain, who are or (nail be in any of bis Majeffy’s coramiffions of the peace, or in the magiftracy

’of

 

tz

. Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c.8.	(1757.

of fuch corporation .or burgh, at any time during the execution

of this ad, who shall duly qualify themfelves according to this present ad in that behalf (although not fpecially named or appointed commiflioners by the faid act) shall be like wife com-miflioners for putting in execution this present ad, and all, the powers therein contained, within the limits of their commiill-ons and jurifdidions refpedively: all which commiflioners by md to take this ad intruded with the execution of the fame, are hereby ore, that bis ftridly enjoined and required to ufe their utmoft care and dili-fcr- gence that his Majesty’s fervice, in making fuch levies as afore-wSeaed.°r	not difappointed or negleded.

*	*	III.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

High fheriffs. That the high (heriff of every county, or his deputy, immedi-Jtc. upon no- ately upon receiving notice for that purpofe from the fecretary jee from the at >yar, shall fend precepts to the refpedive bailiffs, or others w^toilfae arc u^ua% employed to fummon juries, although in liber-precepts for ties out of the ordinary jurifdidion of the faid high (heriff* di-thc commiffi- reding them to fummon the several juftices of the peace, and •^^^J^^commiffioners of the land tax, within their refpedive divifions tbon^Sve^	^^ert*esJ	to	attend at the ufual place of meeting in every

divifion, upon a certain day in the faid precepts named, within Notice of the the time limited by the fecretary dt war (ootice of which day teyoC****t- shall be fent to the war office and admiralty, upon the iffuing to^he war**1*	PrecePts ty Sheriff) to qualify themfelves for the exoffice.	ecution of this ad; and the faid commiflioners shall then and

ComroifEon- there appoint the several times and places for the fucceeding «rs to appoint meetings in each of their refpedive fub-divifions during the con-J^^^^^ tinuance of this ad; and the faid juftices of the peace, and com-facceeding miffioners of the land tax, at fuch their firft meeting, or at fome meetings, and other meeting to be held as foon as it can be conveniently, shall iffoc precepts iffue their precepts to the high conftables, headboroughs, or TOfe^the^ ot^er ProPcr officers for the refpedive hundreds, lathes, rapes, bighconta- wapentakes or other fub-divifions, within the faid counties, bles, &c. (hires, ftewartries, ridings or divifions, as aforefaid ; which precept shall contain an account of the times and places appointed for the fucceeding meetings, and shall be returnable on a day therein to be named, within twenty days, and not lefs than fourteen days, from the time of iffuing thereof; and fuch high conftables, headboroughs or other proper officers, are hereby required forthwith to fignify the times and places appointed for and to give .fuch meetings, to'the several commiflioners refiding within their abbVuch°* refpedive diftrids; and the faid commiflioners affembled at fuch military offi- firft meeting to qualify themfelves as aforefaid, shall alfo give cm as shall notice of the time and place of all and every fucceeding meeting attend this t0 appointed as aforefaid, to the military officer whom they crvi^c. shall jlaye j^n^ foy notice from the fecretary at war, to be di-Shcriffsto be reded to attend this fervice.

allowed by the jy. Provided always, and it is hereby cnaded, That all rea-their^jn^nces ^ona^e charges or expences incurred by any (heriff or deputy intbe execu (heriff in the execution of this ad, shall be allowed in the action of this counts of fuch (heriff at the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer.

J 7 V? And



J:757-} Anno tricesimo Georgii II. C. '	i	$

V.	And, for the encouragement of fit and able persons vo-E***? pcrftfi luntarily to enter into his Majesty’s fervice, be it enaded, That every fuch person who (hall, on or before the firft day of May	to	^

one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, voluntarily enter bounty no-bimfelf into his Majesty’s fervice, before the faid commissioners, ney. at their firft or any fubfequent meeting, (hall, by warrant of any -three or more of the faid commissioners, receive thefum of three pounds out of the money of the land tax, arifen or to arife in the years one thousand feven hundred and fifty fix, and one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven,* or either of them, then being in the hands of any receiver general, or of any colledor thereof, within the county or place for which the faid commffii-oners are appointed; and thereupon the commissioners then Volunteers t# prefent, or any three of them, shall forthwith caufe fuch volun- J* teers to be delivered to the officers appointed to receive them ; officers, and*^ and shall caufe an entry to be made in fome book to be kept by an entry to be . the faid commissioners, or fuch clerk as they shall appoint, of made of their the names of fuch volunteers, and of the pari(hes or places of their laft abode (if they can be known) and of the time and pa*d place when and where they did fo enter themfelves, and of the and the offi-fums paid to them, and by whom fuch payments were made, cer* receiving and of the names of the officers or persons who received fuch‘ volunteers, and for what regiment or company they were re-	,,

ccived; and shall caufe true copies or duplicates of fuch entries^ Duplicates attefted by three or more of the faid commissioners then prefent, thereof tobc within forty days after the delivery of fuch volunteers, to be toth<Twar tranfmitted into the office of his Majesty’s fecretary at war for the office, time being, to be compared with the mufter-rolls.

VI.	And it is hereby declared. That the pay of every fuch Volunteers to volunteer shall commence from the time that he shall fo enter receive pay himfelf into his Majesty’s fervice, and that every fuch volun- frfOT£ *he f*™* teer, after he shall have continued in the military fervice of his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefllors, during the fpace of three difeharged at years, if the war shall then be ended, or otherwife at the end the end of of the war, shall be at liberty (if he think fit) to demand his three years,«r difeharge from the colonel or commanding officer of the regi- they ^demand ment or company to which he shall belong; and fuch difeharge it. *

(hall be granted to him gratis in writing under the hand of fuch colonel or commanding officer, who is hereby impowered and required to give the fame accordingly, on pain of fuffering the penalties ufually inflided for difobedience to orders; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

VII.	And it is hereby further enabled. That the warrants by Warrants for this ad direded to be iffued by the faid commissioners for the bounty-mo-^ encouragement of volunteers as aforefaid, shall be fatisfied by”6^^^1 fuch receivers or colledors as aforefaid, to whom fuch warrants deduction/ shall be direded, without any abatement for fees, gratuities, charges, poundage, or any other pretence whatfoever, and shall be allowed upon their accounts; any law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding; and the faid receivers general* and their Receivers «• refpedive deputies, and the faid colledors of the land tax mo-	at-"

ney, ° '



tend meeting of coromUK-oaen, to pay the bounty.

Anno triceiimo CrEoRGH II. C.

fI757*

ncy, tt any of them, upon the fiimmons of the faid commilfi-oners, or any three or more of them, shall attend at the faid meetings for receiving volunteers ?s aforefaid, and duly pay to the faid volunteers the rewards preferibed by this ad, as they will anfwer at their peril any delay or obftrudion to his Majefty's service which may happen by their defaults.

409. of every VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enaded, That it shall pound paid be lawful for the lord high treafurer, or commissioners of the out of the treasury for the time being, to caufe forty (hillings of every iepai?Tnto ** P°unc* money which shall be fupplied out of the land tax exchequer by money for the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty fix, tbepaymaftersand one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, or either of of the forces. fh$m, for payment of the encouragements aforefaid, to be repaid into his Majesty’s exchequer by the refpedive paymafters of his Majefty's forces, out of fuch money as they (Kail receive for the faid forces, to make j*ood the refpedive credits on the faid land taxes, and to be applied to the fatisfadion of fuch principal and

fukftfvut a&

intareft (if any) as shall be remaining thereupon.	<

Three com- IX. And it is hereby further enaded by the authority aforefaid," "liners ,ra“ That the faid commissioners, or any three or more of them, in ^y^uc^roen t^1€*r refp*®*** places or ftations, mall be, and are hereby au-as are herein thorized and impowered to raise and levy, and to caufe to beraifed defcribed $ and levied, at any time or times during the continuance of this ad, wkhin their several limits and jqrisdidions, all able-bodied idle and diforderly persons, who cannot, upon examination, prove themfdves to exercife and induftrioufly follow feme lawful trade or employment, or to have fome fubftance fufficient for their fupport and maintenance, to ferve his Maiefty as foldiers; to require and command all and every the high conftables, ofparifif and churchwardens, overfeers of the poor, petty conftables, head-town officers j boroughs and tythingmen, and other parilh .and town officers, or any of them, within their refpedive limits and jurisdictions, to be aiding and affifting to them the faid commissioners, or any three or more of them, in the performance of this his Majefty^s fervke; and for that purpofe the faid commissioners, or any three of them, are to meet in their refpedive fub-divifions, according to the appointment of the juftices and coinfniffioners as aforefaid, and to Hfiie out their warrants, under their hands and . feals, thereby requiring and commanding fuch churchwardens, for^brhmng* overfeers of the poor, petty conftables, headboroughs, tything-perfons within men, or other parilh or town officers, or elfe requiring and com-the deferipti- manding the faid high conftables to ilTue their precepts to fuch churchwardens, overfeers, petty conftables, headboroughs, ty-tWngmen» and oi^CT pafHh and town officers as aforefaid, every meeting. or any of them, to make or caufe to be made a general fearen within their refpedive parifhes, townffiips, conftablewicks, or other places, for all fuch persons as they can find, who are or <hall appear to them to be within the defeription of this ad, and to bring all fuch persons before the commissioners, who have power to execute this ad, in and for fuch county, (hire. ftew-artry, riding or divifion, at fuch time and place as shall have

been

and to meet in their fub-divifion s,

and iflue general fearch



i? 57*1	Anno	tricefim©	Geor<3M	II.	c.	8;	t$

been appointed by the juftices and commiflioners as aforefaid, for the second meeting of the faid commissioners, in their re-fpedtive fub-divUions, which time and place shall be prefixed in the (aid warrants and precepts refpe&ively ; and afterwards the faid commiflioners, within their refpeftive limits and divifions,

(hall meet at fuch convenient time or times as they shall think fit, in order to iflue their like warrants or precepts, for making general fearches for persons within the faid defeription, and for bringing them before the commissioners at any future times and

!>Iaces appointed by the juftices and commissioners as aforc-aid, during the continuance of this aft.

X.	Provided always, That in cafe the second meeting ap- If the fecoal pointed to be held in any fub-divifion, (haH be at fo great a di- meeting be ftance of time, as may render it inconvenient to iflue warrants to° for bringing persons Wore fuch commissioners at the second [nTheir fob-meeting, then the commissioners of fuch fub-diviflon refpeftive- divifiant may 1y may adjourn themfelves to fome convenient day, previous to adjourn to a (ueh second meeting, in order to iflue their warrants as aforefaid. P**™08* daf*

XI.	Provided always, and it is hereby enafted, That it (haH After fuch fee and may be lawful to and for the churchwardens* overfeers of ther poor, conftables, headboroughs, tythingmen, and other offi- offi^ra cers of any parish or townfhip, or any of them, at any time af- TO^fcarchfoc ter the laid second meeting of the faid commissioners, without and fecure tarrying for any fuch warrant or precept as aforefaid, to fearch f«ch perfona for, and apprehend all, or any fuch persons as they, or any of ?• them ftiall find, or lhall appear to them, or any of them, to be l£on Qf thj* within the defeription of this aft, and to fecure fuch persons aft, and con-(in cafe they shall think it neceflary) in the gaol or houfe of vey them be-. correftion, or publick prifon where debtors are not ufually con-fined, of the county, town or place, where fuch persons (nail be 0 apprehended, and the keeper of fuch gaol, home of correftioa of prifon, shall receive fuch persons without fee or reward, and the parish officers shall allow fuch keeper fix pence by the day for each perfou, during the time that they shall remain there, and shall convey them before the commissioners, at their next • meeting for lifting of foldiers, to be examined, and (if judged within the defeription of this aft) to be lifted and delivered into his Majesty’s fervice, according to the' true intent and meaning hereof.

XII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Coirnniffiea* s That the commiflioners for executing this aft, who shall attend ^t?5.xan“1,,c this fervice at the place or places for lifting foldiew as aforefaid,	pcr*

(hall ftriftly examine the persons who shall be brought before them, by the faid churchwardens, overfeers, conftables, head-boroughs, tythingmen, or other parish or town officers, as aforefaid ; and in cafe the (aid commiflioners, or the major part of and if found them then prefent, upon examination of the persons fo brought proper for the before them, shall find that fuch persons (hail come within rhje *c***x» deferiptions herein .mentioned, and the faid commiflioners, and the officer or officers who shall be appointed to receive the im-prefled men, shall judge them to be fuch as are hereby intended

to

 L.OCK

to deliver them to the military officers $

Officers to rive receipts tor them $

16	Anno	trpcdkuo GegrgiiJI.c.8.	[1757;

to be entertained as foldiers in his Majefty!s fervice, then and in fuch cafe the faid commissioners lhall caufc fuch persons to be delivered over by the faid churchwardens, overfeers, conftables, headboroughs, tythingmenor other pariih or town officers, to fuch officers or persons as shall be appointed to receive fuch,recruits as aforefaid, fuch officers or persons giving a receipt under their hands, acknowledging what men are fo delivered to him or them, which receipt they are hereby required to give, and to pay to XIII. And be it further enadfed, That the refpedlive officers the paruh and who shall receive fuch new raifed men, (haH pay to the clerk . town officers appointed by the commissioners, for the ufe of the officers of . ^|fVCry parifli or town fo employed in the raffing fuch men, for their man* pains and fervices therein, twenty (hillings of lawful money of and to the Great Britain., for every man fo raifed; and shall alfo pay for churchwar- every fuch new raifed man, who shall have a wife or family, . dens, a (um any fum not exceeding forty shillings, nor lefs than ten (hillings 40s. norCtef«ng°f lawful money of Great Britain, to the faid clerk, to be by than los. if him paid over as is herein after directed, into the hands of jthe fuch man have churchwardens or overfeers of the poor, for the benefit of fuch aj!*k°rfa- panfh or townffiip, in which fuch new raifed man shall have y *	gained a fettlement, and whofe wife and family may become

chargeable to fuch pariffi or townffiip refpedlively ; which fum ffiall be fettled by the commissioners present at the meeting whei^ fuch person ffiall be inlifted, or any three or more of them, regard being had to the number of children, or other particular circumftances of fuch person fo inlifted, for both which pay-and 6d. per m^nts the clerk ffiall give a receipt, and the fum'of fix pence diem to the per diem, for keeping every fuch new raifed man who ffiall be pari(h.officers, delivered as aforefaid, according to the number of days that the rime^he^bav °®ccrs l^e Pari& or town ffiall have kept him in cuftody* kept him. *Vepurfuant to the powers granted by this adt, until fuch delivery ; Disputes re- the faid allowances of twenty shillings, and of fix pence per lating thereto diem* in cafe of difpute, to be ascertained and distributed to or b° the^co^C<^ amongft the faid churchwardens, overfeers, conftables, fiead-nuffionersT boroughs, tythingmen, and fuch other pariffi and town officers, or any of them, according to the judgment and diredtionof the faid commissioners, or the major part of them then prefent. Commiffioners XIV. Provided always, and be it further enadted by the au-inay allot, out thority aforefaid. That the faid commissioners, or any three or °iwJh^°n^r more of them, in their refpedtive divifions, are hereby autho-pariffioffi-',e r*zec^ anc* impowered, by and out of the faid fum of twenty cers, is. to the shillings, herein before diredted to be paid for the ufe of the of-conAablest ficers of the parilh or town fo employed in the railing of fucU men, to allot and order fuch fum as they ffiall think fit, to the * refpedtive high conftables within their refpedtive limits and ju-rifaidtions, for their pains and fervice in the execution of this adt, not exceeding the sum of two (hillings.

Able-bodied XV. Provided always. That no person ffiall be inlifted by men only to be the faid commissioners by virtue of this adt, who is not fuch an ialifted; able-bodied man as is fit to ferve his Majesty, and is free from rupture* and every other diftemper, or bodily weaknefs or infirmity.

 LjOoq le

1757-1 Anno tricefimQ GboRCii II. c. S.	17

mity, which may render him. unfit to perform the duty of a f6l- - ^ none dier; and that no man be inlifted for his Majesty’s fervice by dcr 17, nor 11-virtue of this ad, who shall appear in the opinion of the com- bove 4$ year# miflioners, or officer or officers appointed to receive the impreff- 'of age, nor ed men, to be under the age of feventeen years, or above the age of forty five years, or a known papift, or who [hall be under the fwt 4 fize of five feet four inches without [hoes.	inches.

XVI.	And for the better preventing any difputes which may arife about paying for the fubfijlence of thofe perfonsy whor having been apprehended and detained by virtue of this aft^ may afterwards be

dfcharged upon examination before the commijjionen and military of pc^ jjf fuers\ be it further enaded by the authority aforefeid, That if charged as not any person being judged by the commiflioners not to be within within the dc-the description of this ad, [hall be by them difeharged, the of- feription of ficcrs of the parifli ortown shall be intitled to no consideration, for their expences in keeping fuch perfpn ; and if any person being al|0w°d t£cir judged by the commiflioners to be within the description of this expences j' ad, shall be rejeded by the military officer. Such officer shall pay if witnin the to the officers of the parifli or town fix pence per diem, for the description, whole time that they shall have kept every fuch perfon, to he office^officer charged to the account of his refpedue regiment or company; to pay’the ex* and every officer whp shall objed to any person delivered to him pences of by the commiflioners, shall fpecify his objedion to fuch perfon, JLWJJ?them* whether it shall be to his age or fize, or bodily disability, and the °e grounds of fuch objedion shall be forthwith (as far as may be) and enquired enquired into by the faid commiflioners, and they shall proceed into by com* accordingly $ and every officer who shall refufe or discharge any nuffioners. person delivered to him by th$ commiflioners as fit to ferve his ^ha»eeto Majesty within the defeription of this ad, shall without delay be transmitted tranfmit to his Majesty’s fecretary at war, his reafon for fuch re- to the fecre-fufal or difeharge, in writing, attefted by himfelf.	-	at	war.

XVII.	And it is hereby enaded and ftridly enjoined by the All inhabi-authority aforefaid, That the inhabitants of every parifli and tants required townftiip, where any persons deferibed as aforefaid, do abide,t0 b? aiming or are to be found, at the inflance of any one or more of the htrelu-commiflioners appointed for the execution of this ad, or of any churchwarden, overfeer of the poor, or constable of the fame

parifli or townfliip, shall (not having a lawful or reasonable ex-cufe to the contrary) be aiding and affifting in the furtherance of his Majesty’s Service by this ad deferibed.

XVIII.	And to encourage fuch inhabitants and others to afjjji in

difeovering and apprehending fuch persons defer ibed as aforejaid; it	,

is hereby further enaded by the authority aforeSaid, That if any to Such^ ftTlI pcrlon (nail difqover and give information of any able bodied dit'coveranv man fit to ferve his Majesty within the description of this ad, prop** perfon, fo that he shall be apprehended and inlifted before the commif- !<V’\hc ** in~ fioners as aforefaid, fuch perfon, for every man fo di (covered and inlifted, shall receive from the officer to whom fuch man *

(hall be delivered, the sum of ten (hillings out of the twenty (billings, which he is elsewhere direded to pay to the officers of she parifli or town, for every man inlifted by virtue of this ad,

Vol. XXII.	C	and



.Anno trlcefimo GeorGii II. c. 8;	[1757.

and the remainder only of the faid twenty (hidings shall in that

cafe be paid to fuch officers.

Clerks to be XIX. And be it further en?£ted By the authority aforefaid, appointed by That it shall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiffion-ofW8°atTheir crs>at	gtnera*	meeting	aflerabled,	to	appoint	a	clerk to

fint general attend them, then and at each of their fubfequent meetings, and meeting. for the commiflioners of the several (ub-diviftons, to appoint a Clerks to be cJerk to attend them at their refpe&ive meetings in each fub-di-auendhig the *i°n wherein .foldiers are to be lifted as aforefaid; and fuch remeeting of fpe&ive clerks, as a reward for their labour and pains in the exe-commiffioners cution of this alt, lhall be intitled to and shall receive for every in their fab- man w^0 shall be lifted in purfuance of this alt, at the meetings ChrkTto be whereon they shall refpeltively attend, the sum of two (hillings paid by the of lawful money of Great Britain, to be paid by the refpeltive officer is. for officer who shall receive fuch new raifed men refpeltively. ffltJ ma°in XX. And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid, lifted.	That the faid commiflioners, or fuch of them as shall be pre-

The second fent at fuch meeting for lifting of foldiers as aforefaid, shall caufe and fixth fee- t^e second andfixth feltions of the articles of waragainft mutiny-articles of war anc* defertion, to be read to fuch new raifed men, in the prefence to be read of the faid commiflioners then there; and the faid commiffion -before com- ers, or the major part of them prefent, shall forthwith caufe an entry or memorial to be made, in a book or books to be kept by ^^rai them or their clerks for that purpofe, of the names of fuch new Names of the railed men, and of the parimes or places of their lad abode (if men, parifh, they can be known) and of the time and place when and where time of inlift- fucj1 men were delivered to the faid officers or persons appoint-emered in a* ec* to rece,ve riiem, and the names of the officers or persons book.	who received them, and for what regiment or company they were

fo received, and the fums paid, and shall caufe true copies or Attefted copy duplicates of fuch entries, attefted by the faid commiflionerst or thereof to be any three or more of them then prefent, within forty days after wkhindelivering fuch men as aforefaid, to be tranfmitted into the days, to the admiralty or office of his Majefty's fecretary at war for the time admiralty, or being, to be compared with the mutter-roll; and every clerk for office ot fccrc- every neglelt or default, in not tranfmitting the faid copies or on^penaTtVof duplicates of fuch entries, to the admiralty or office of the fe-jol.	cretary at war as aforefaid, (haH forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

Application of one moiety thereof to the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-the penalty, ceflors, and the other moiety to fuch person or persons who Commence-	ni^orm	or	fue	f°r	fame> m ^ome the courts of record

mentoffol- at IVeflminJler, or the court of feffions in Scotland; and it dier's pay. is hereby declared, that the pay of every fuch new raifed man, fo After articles delivered to the officers or persons appointed to receive them as foldTeVs^eem- af°rcf?*d, (Ball commence from the time of his being taken and ed to be lilted* fecured as aforefaid ; and from and after fuch delivery as afore-and rubied to faid, and reading the faid articles of war, every person fo raif-martial law. ed shall be deemed a lifted foldier to all intents and purpofes, Ibn to he taken anc*	to	difcipline	of war, and in cafe of de-

out of the fer- fertion, shall be proceeded againft as a deferter by any law now vice, but tor in force, or by any law to be made for puniftunent of deferters ;

and

Digftized by

1757.]	Armo tricesimo GfiORCirlT. "c. 8*	ig

and no person fo lifted, shall be liable to be taken out of his Mai- f°m* criminal jefty’s fervice, by any procefs other than for fome criminal maUeIV matter.

XXI.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it enadted by the autho- Commiffion-Tity aforefaid, That it shall be lawful for rhe commiflioners, ers prelent at who shall have been present at any fuch meeting where any new thc delivering raifed man shall have been delivered over as aforefaid, or for the cruft,5mayap-major part of them, upon the demand of fuch man, or of any points further other perfcm on his behalf, fignified to their clerk within four meeting $ days after fuch meeting, and by him notified to each of the faid commiflioners, to appoint a further meeting of the fame com-miflioners, to be holden within fix days after the making of fuch > demand; and if upon further and more certain information, a?d finding the faid commiflioners, or the major part of them at fuch fur-

ther meeting, shall find that fuch new raifed man was not, at the feriptionoftfoe time of his being delivered over as aforefaid, within the deferip- aft, are t<y tion of this adb, they are hereby required to certify the fame certify the under their hands and feals to his Majesty’s feeretary at war, who cr!Ttar°at war* on the receipt of fuch certificate shall caufe the man to be forth- and th^man* withdifeharged, upon his paying to the officer to whom he w^s to be dif-delivered over, the sum of fix pence for his maintenance for Charged, upon each day that he shall have been detained, under the authority ^fsyfXfiftc°nce-of this adt; and the clerk appointed by the commiflioners shall money! CnCC" repay to fuch officer (without fee or other dedu&ion) the feve- officer to be ral rams before paid to him by the faid officer, and shall giye repaid, and back the receipts taken as above diredfed, in exchange for a copy re£flptV° ** of the man’s difcharge \ and in cafe no fuch difcharge shall have ifnodifc*har^e been obtained as aforefaid, then the faid clerk (hall, after the ex- be obtained/ piration of fourteen days, from the time that fuch new raifed clerk to pay man was delivered over as aforefaid, pay over, without fee or °ver thefums deduftion, to the persons refpedHvcly intitled thereto, under the the proper° dhredtions of this adl, the several fums depofited in his hands for perfons; that purpofe.

XXII.	Provided always, That nothing in this adt contained None to be in-(hall be conftrued to extend to impower the faid commiflioners l^d ’till the to inlift any person as a foldier until the several Turns herein di- |«^papWe^ reeled to be paid by the refpedtive officers appointed to receive aye

fuch new raifed men, shall be firft paid to the person or persons refpe&ively authorized to receive the fame.

XXIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, officers may That the officer or officers, and other person or persons appoint- fecure im.

fd fo attend the faid commiflioners, aqd to receive fuch impreff- Preflfed men. ed men, (hall, in cafe he or they shall find it necc&ry, lecure fuch imprefled men in fome fecure houfe or place to be provided by the juftices of the peace in their petty or fpecial feflions fot that purpofe; but in cafe no fuch houfe or place shall be fo provided, then in the gaol of the county, town or place where fuch man shall be received into his Majesty’s fervice, or in the houfe of correction, or other* publick prifon of fuch county, town or place where debtors are not ufually confined ; and the keeper of rach gaol, houfe of corredtion or prifon shall receive fuch im-

C 2	preilcd





20	Anno	tricefimo Georgii II. c ff. [1757.

prefled men until they can be removed, without fee or reward; Keeper to be ?nd fuch keeper shall be allowed the ufual fubfiftence for Cdch

.........men during the time they shall remain there, from the officer by

whom they shall be delivered as aforefaid; and the conftables, headboroughs, and other civil officers, shall (if required) be affixing to fuch officer in conveying fuch man or men, to fuch fe-cure place, gaol or houfe of correAion ; and shall be allowed fuch reafonable fum or Turns, as the major part of the commifiioners then present shall appoint to be paid by the officer or officers who shall require fuch afliftanfce.

XXIV. And it is hereby further enaAed by the authority a-era may levy a	That	it shall and may be lawful to and for the (aid coin-

fine not ex- miflioners, or any three or more of them, to impofe upon any ceeding 10I. gaoler or keeper of a houfe of correAion or prifon, who shall on gaoler for fuffer any person committed to his cuftody in purfuance of this and^onpanfli1* a<^ t0 e^caPe> or uPonanY high conftable, churchwarden, oyer-

allowed their

fubfiltence-

money.

Civil officers, if required, to be aiding in fecuring them.

officers for neglett of duty.

Perfons ob-ftru&ing the execution of this ad to forfeit xol.

feer, petty conftable, headborough, tythingman, or other parifti or town officer, for every wilful negleA or default in the execution of any warrant, order or precept, to them or any of them direAed in purfuance of this aA, a fine not exceeding ten pounds; qnd to caufe every fuch fine to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offenders goods, rendering the overplus (if any be) to the owners, and to pay the faid fine to the informer or informers.

XXV.	And be it further enaAed by the authority aforefaid, That if any person or persons whatfoever shall wilfully do any aA or thing whereby the execution of this aA, in the (earching for, taking and fecuring fuch able-bodied men as aforefaid, shall be hindered or fruftrated, every fuch person (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit any fum not exceeding ten pounds, to the ufe of the informer or informers; and all and every fuch offences may be enquired of, heard and finally determined by any two or more of his Majesty’s juftices of the peace, dwelling in or near the place where fuch offence shall be committed, who have hereby power to caufe the faid penalty to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offenders goods and chattels, rendering the overplus (if any be) to the owners; and if the offenders have no goods and chattels fufficient to anfwer the faid penalty, then to commit him or her to the county gaol or houfe or correAion, there to remain for the fpace of three months, without bail or mainprize.

XXVI.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That

have a vote in this aA shall not extend to the taking or levying any person to the election of ferve as a foldier, who shall make it appear-to the fatisfaAion of wrfiament commiflioners then prefent, that he hath any vote in the pariam n , ejC(^jon Qf any	or	members to ferve in parliament, in

any county, city, borough, town, port or place within the kingdom of Great Britain.

XXVII.	And it is hereby enaAed, That no person who at the time of the execution of this aA, shall have any military office or employment in Great Britain (other than in the militia)

(hall

For want of diftrefs, offender to be committed.

Perfons who

not liable to be lifted.

No military officer may be a commif-fioner.





1757*1	Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 8.	it

(hall execute any power or authority by this aft given to com-miflioners as aforefaid.

XXVIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore- Limitation of (aid, That if any aftion, plaint, fuit or information, shall be commenced or profecuted againft any person or persons, for

what he or they shall do in purfuance or execution of this aft, the fame shall be commenced within fix months after the offence committed, and fuch person or persons fo fued in any court whatfoever, shall and may plead the general i(Tue Not guilty, Gcncrai jffuc# and upon any iflue joined, may give this aft and the fpecial matter in evidence ; and if the plaintiff or profecutor shall become nonfuit, or forbear further profecution, or fuffer a difeon-tinuance, or if a verdift pafs againft him, the defendant shall recover treble cofts $ for which they shall have the like remedy, as xreWe cods, in any cafe where cofts by the law are given to defendants.

XXIX. And for the better obviating fuch frauds and abufes ^Q	or as may be praftifed in difeharging of foldiers; it is hereby fur- marine to be ther enafted by the authority aforefaid, That no private (oldier difeharged who shall be auly lifted into his Majesty’s fervice by virtue of withoura eer-this aft (during the time fuch foldier shall remain in Great Bri-

tain) shall be difeharged from his Majesty’s fervice, without the &c.	*

confent of the colonel, or in his abfence, the field officer commanding in chief the regiment, firft had and obtained in writing under their hands and feals for that purpofe, in which writ- 0f which a ing the caufe of his difeharge shall be exprelfed, and a duplicate duplicate to or copy of every fuch difeharge, forthwith tranfmitted to the be transmitted fecretary at war, to be by him kept and entered in a book ; or if Jarv at warJ a marine, without the confent of the lord high admiral, or the ^ commissioners of the admiralty for the time being firft had and officer break-obtained ; and any officer that (nail prefume to difeharge any fol- ing this order, dier inlifted purfuant to this aft, in any other manner contrary be calhicr-to this aft, shall for fuch offence be calhiered.	cd*

XXX.	Provided always, and it is hereby enafted, That every imprefled men person who (ball be impreffeej upon this aft, after he shall have after five continued in the military fervice of his Majesty, his hdrs and fucceflors during the fpace of five years, if the wa f shall then be jf thcy^cs ended, or otherwife at the end of the war, shall be at liberty if mand it.y he think fit to demand his difeharge from the colonel, or in his

abfence, the officer commanding the regiment or company to which he shall belong, and fuch difeharge shall be granted to him gratis in writing under the hand of fuch colonel or officer, who is hereby impoweredand required to give the fame accordingly; any thing herein contained to the contrary notw'ith-(landing.

XX aI. And be it further enafted, That the faid several clerks to be clerks to the faid commissioners, provided the faid copies or du- rewarded for

!>licates be duly tranfmitted into the office of the admiralty, or 5heir trouW«» ecretary at war, as aforefaid, shall have and receive by the hands of the paymafters of his Majesty’s land forces arid marines, or p^lf£ one of them, fuch rewards as the lord high treasurer or commif- F fioners of the treasury for the time being, upon confideration of

C 3	the

 

2Z

His Majesty, may fufpend by proclamation, See. the execution of this aft i

or may fufpend or in-force the aft, in any county or piace.

Perfons employed in the execution of this aft, exempted from the penalties of aft a 5 Car.

X* W. & M. fefT. i. c. S.

and 13 & 14. W. 3. c. 6.

Commiflion-ers in England, not to aft till they have taken the oaths appointed

by 1W. & M

lctf. 1 c 8. and 13 VV. 3. c.

Anno tricesimo Georoii IL c. S* m [1757^

the numbers of men lifted in the several counties, cities, boroughs, or other places, and the pains and charges of the several clerks in this fervice, shall judge the Taid clerks feveraUy and refoeftively to deferve.

XXxII. Provided always. That his Majesty, when he shall be fatisfied by the faid returns of the commiflioners, or other-wife, that a fufficient number of recruits in the whole shall be raifed for his present fervice, may be gracioufly pleafed to fufpend or flop the further execution of this aft by proclamation, or order in council, or other publick notice in the London Gj-zette} any thing herein contained to the .contrary notwith-(landing.

XXXIII.	Provided also, That his Majesty, when he shall judge it; expedient for his fervice, may at any time fufpend or enforce the execution of this aft, in any county or place of Great Britain, by notice from his Majesty’s fecretary at war; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXIV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That no commiffioner, churchwarden, over-feer, conftable, headborough, tythingman, or other parifti or town officer, who shall be emplcwed in the execution oi this aft, shall be liable for or by reafon or fuch execution, to any of the penalties mentioned in an aft made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, Par preventing dangers which may happen from popijh resufants ; or in one other, aft made in the fir ft year of the reign of King fyilliam and Queen Mary^t intituled. An act for abrogating the oaths of allegiance.and fuprema-cy, and appointing other oaths y or in one other aft made in the parliament holden in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of the late King William the Third, intituled. An act for the further fecurity of his Majejly s perfon, and the fvccettion of the crown in the protejlant line; and for the extinguijhwg the hopes, of the preLnded prince of Wales, and all other pretenders, and their open andfecret abettors.

XXXV.	Provided always, and be it enafted. That no per-fon or persons hereby appointed to be a commiffioner or com-miffioners for any county, riding, city, borough, cinque port or place, of England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed (except fuch as duly qualified themfelves to be juftices of the peace, or com-jniffioners for executing the faid aft for the land tax made and. parted in the twenty eighth year of his present Majesty’s reign, or any fubfequent aft or afts of parliament for that purpofe) shall be capable, in England\ Wales, or Berwick upon Tweedy of afting as a commiffioner or commiflioners in the execution of this aft, or executing any the powers of the commiflioners therein mentioned (unlefs it be the power hereby given of ad-miniftei ing oaths) until fuch time as he or they refpeftively shall have taken the oaths appointed by an aft of parliament made in the fir ft year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An act for the abrogating the oaths of fupremacy and allegi-ante, and appointing other oaths j and alfp in the (aid. aft, intituled,



*757*1 Anno tricdimo Geo&gu II* C. 8.	.	*3

led. An a£i for tbi further femrity of hit Majeftfs perfott, and the

fiuceffion of the crown in the protejiant line 5 and for extinguijbing the

hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and all other pretenders, and

their open and fecret abettors ; which oaths it shall and may

lawful to and for any two or more of the faid commissioners l^x^rVinSt^iw

adoiinifter, and they are hereby required to adminifter the fame have qualified

to any other of the faid commissioners ; and that no person or themfdve* as

perfons hereby appointed to be a commiflioner or commissioners *heJ?w* therc

for any part ot Scotland (except fuch as duly qualified themfelves, ireet#

according to the laws of Scotland, to be commissioners there for

executing the faid a£k for the land tax made and paffed in the

twenty eighth year of his present Majesty’s reign, or any fubfe-

quent auft or a&s of parliament for that purpofe) shall be capable

of a&ingasa commiflioner or commissioners in the execution of

this present a& in any partof Scotland, until fuch time as he or

they refpetfively shall have duly qualified themfelres according to

thelaws of Scotland for that purpofe.

• XXXVI. Provided always, and be itena&ed, That if any Commiflion-period hereby appointed a commiflioner for any county, city, town or place, in England, IValts, or Berwick upon Tweed (ex- fore^iylUVe eept as before excepted) shall prefume to aft as a commiflioner taken the m the execution Of this a<5t, before he (halt have taken the faid oaths, oaths'which by thisaft he is required to taakd, and in the mariner hereby prescribed, he shall forfeit to his Majesty the fum Of two hundred pounds, to be recovered by adfion of debt, or on forfeit xoo 1. the ^afe, bill, fait or Information, in any of his Majesty’s courts	>

of record at JVefhninfler, wherein no eflbin, protection, wager •f law, or moCe than one,imparlance (ball be allowed ; and thdt if any person hereby appointed a commiflioner for ahy fhire,

.ftewartry, burgh or place in Scotland (except as before excepted)

(hall prefume to zA as a commiflioner in the execution of this before that he shall have qualified himfelf according to the laws'in Scotland, he shall forfeit to his Majeffy the sum of fifty and commif-pounds, to be recovered in the court of exchequer in Scotland, fionersinScot-m the fame manner as any other penalties are there recoverable. land» 5° 1*

XXXVII.	Provided also, That in cafe there shall not be a Commiflion-Jufficient number of commiflioners for any city, borough, town,er$ for the port .or place of Great Britain (for which by this zA commif-^°ru gty&cat fioners are fpccialJy appointed) capable of aefling according to the ^a^etTor ' rcfpe&ive qualifications required by this zA, then and in every any city, &c. inch cafe, any the commiflioners appointed for the county,

ihirc or ftewartry at larger within which fuch city, borough, town or place doth ftand, or which is next adjoining thereto, may ;a& as commiflioners in the execution of this a#, within fuch city, borough, town, port or place; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXVIII.	Provided always, and be it enabled by the author Q£alifica^n rity aforefaid, That no commiflioner of the land tax, not being^^J.1^^”* a justice of the peace, or a magiftrate of a corporation or a bo- tjes at |arg* rough, shall be capable of acting as a commiflioner in the exe-within Eug-cution of this a&> or of any of the powers therein'eontain-U,ui«

C 4	cd.

 

214	A&oo trfccfmo Gdaitoii .Ih	^1757-

_r td, ro oriforai^cauaty it ba^o within Englandptbn dominion of Wales*\ (thccountiesof Angleyfey* Atferioneth* Qtrdigimj Coer-TtkirAben^ Glamorgan* MontgomerysPembroke* Caernarvon w&Mm-mouthexcited)or inor for any of the ridings in fhtcounty of York* nnlcis fuoft person by himfclf, or his tenants or truftees was taxed, or did pay tin the famt county or riding, far the table of one hundred pounds per annum or more of his-own eftat8) by virtue of the faid aft, for the land tax made and pafibd in England, in the twenty eighth year of bis Majesty’s reign, or any fubfequent ad or ads of parliament for thatpufpoTo, or unlefs fqch perfonTo appointed to be a commiffioner, (hallat the time of the execution of this ad, by himfelf, his tenants or truftees, enjoy an eftatc of lands, tenements or hereditaments^ of the faid yearly value of one hundred pounds ormorewith-in the faid county or riding refpeftivciy $ any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

Perfon* dif- XXXIX. Afid it is hereby further enafted, That if any per-abied* prefum- fon intended by thisaft to be difabled for the caufc WWnen-hi£ toa&* turned, shall neverthelefc prefume to a€t as a corormffionerin tortex 1. execiHjon Gf this aft, or any of the powers therein contained, every fuch person for fuch offence, (haU forfeit the fifty pounds, to any person or persons who will inform of fae for the fame, to be recovered in any of hit Majefty*? courts of record at IVedminJler* or in the Exchequer of Scotland atafbre-faid,

Commiflion- XL. Provided nevcrthclefs, and k is hereby coa&cd; That ers may aft no person who is appointed to be & commiffioner fon executing for any city, this 3# in any part of Great Britain, shall be difabled for i the tantS orVnns cal*k laft-mentioned from a (Sling as a commiffioner, withanand 0*ng^ftr mns for any city,•borough, cinque port, or corporate town Only, whereof he. shall be an inhabitant at the time of the. execution , of this aft, or from afting as a commiffioner within anytof the inns of court or inns of Chancery,	»v

XU, And whereas fme doubts may arife whether mayors* baihjfj, ^	and other chief magi/i rates of cities, boroughs, towns corporate: and

1	cinque ports, for with commijfioners are fpeciaHy appointed by virtue

of this aft* can aft as commijfioners for executing this aft in ibtfaid cities* boroughs* towns corporate and cinque ports ; be it further en-Mayors bai- 5K^C<^ by tbt authority aforelaid, That all mayors, bailiffs; and liffs.&c* to" other chief magiftrates who are appointed commiffionersfor ex-aft a^c<>«uiuf** ecuting this aft, shall be, and have power to aftas comtniffion-fjonerarpodal- ers fa executing this aft; within and for any city;: borough, fy appointed. town corporate or cinque port, wherein they inhabit at tbetim* of executing this aft, as well where commissioners art fpqciaMy appointed by this aft, as where they are not.

XLII. And whereas it may often be expedient for his Majefly's Jervice, that the commijfioners hereby appointed* flail execute this, aft ' ■ ' J	in cities,	towns* or other places, when it may not he convenient to emu

f yf	force the	execution thereof through the county in which'fitch city,

>1/ i town or phee flail be refpeftifuely fituate; be it therftbre enabled *	by^htjJwitbQrity sforefiod, That the mayor or^ othetidiifif ids*

* ■ 11 :	gift	rate

 LnOOQle

ITS?*]* Ah«> tHctter® GtfoRGti II;	*$

giftnate df tdtrfxity^ town! or phrod, shall (upon receiving no- Civil magi-tkefbrtiiat^jurpofe fromtbefecretaryat war) immediately pro-	“P°n

oeerf to put this* ad in execution within their refpeftive jurifdic- the^ecretvy toons, to the fame manner to sdl intents and purpofes, as if fuch at war, to en-raayor, or other chief magiftrate, had received fuch notice from force this aft the flforifFof the county in whkh (uch city, town or place shall hl# iu" befefpcftivety fituate ; any tiling in this aft contained to the 111 1 on‘ contrary hotwithftanding.

* XLHI. And it is hereby provided and enafted* That no bai- Bailiffs fol-lifPs follower or affiftant, employed or belonging to any (heriff, lowers and af-hailiff of liberties, marlhalfea conrt, or any other person or per-ions that Aidll be fo employed, by any one that shall have the by this aft/ power of executing any warrant or procefs whatfoever, shall be deemed thereby to follow or cxercHe any calling or employment, arto bave a fufficient fupport and maintenance within the intent and meaning of this aft.

JCLiVj Andforofinucb as great inconveniences may happen by im-prtffm& mm, during the time of hafvefi; be it therefore enafted ^al?ourcr,» by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty fifth ^iSc^ts^ day of: May one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, until not liable to thr twenty fifth day of G&dber following, no harveft labourer, be impreflfed or person working at hay harveft or com harveft work within1? harycft the time afofefirid, within the kingdom of Great Britain, (halltune-be imprefied by virtue of this aft, but shall be free and exempt* cd from the fame during the time aforefaid, provided they have a ddftificateonder the hands of the mmifter, and of one church-yrardcaw ovofeer of the poor, or elders of the pari (W or place wAieieth^ydive, allowed under the hand and feal of one juftice

the peace of the fame county, (hire, ftewaitry, riding, city	t

at place* which certificate shall be given gratis.

; JEbNb And for the more eofy and bitter putting tins ait in execution y be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That any three or Commiffion-more commiflioners for putting this aft in execution, in the fe- «rs for exe. vkcal f idingsof the county of York (being juftices of the peace) th<r though not all of the fame riding, may, within the cattle of ofYork. York* or.limits thereof, execute the powers of this aft.

.XLVI. And whereas divers foldiers who have deferttd his Maje-ftfs fertme, ^ bote been harboured in a certain place called Threap-tarood* lying within or near the counties of Chefter and Flint, or	.	-

esse of thorny and adjoining to the town */Cuddington in the (aid county af Chefter; be it further enafted by the authority afore- Corotwffion-foid*. That the commiftioners hereby appointed for the county of *** jot c*e" -CbejUer, and the officers of the (aid;town of Cuddington, fnall ^ xTfreap-tfcecutf this aft in the faid place called Tbreapweod* according Wood. 1 to the true intent and meaning thereof.

XLYILAnd be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Officer not at. That if at any of the meetings of the commiflioners by this aft tending to reappointed* in any of their ftib-divifions, they shall not be at-tended by Tome proper officer appointed for the receiving of re- ers may a<*-" tntitSy eahdr through negligence or any unavoidable accident, joum, and or-

tkta and in that cafe, it shall and may be lawful to ar*k for the dcr the d«-.'	tention of the

26	Anno	tricefuno Gborgii II. c. 8*	[I757*

imprcflcd	faid commiflioners to adjourn themfelves to fonac other convent	nient day, and they are herehy authorized to give directions for

detaining in cuftody, all fuch persons as shall have been then brought before them by the pari(h officers to be inlifted, or fuch of them as they shall think duly qualified for his Majesty’s ferine* of ad- v'ce i and the laid commiflioners shall give notice to any of tho journmcnt to officers attending on this fprvice, in the county or place where be given to fuch fub-divifions shall lie, of the day of fuch adjournment * anjC* l^c °®ccr thereby required, either to attend himfclf, krvicef Stc. or t0 appoint fome other officer to attend fuch commiflioners, and to receive fuch persons as the faid commiflioners shall inlift into his Majesty’s fervice; and the officer fo receiving the re-Sbfiitence^ cr°it8J shall Pay to fuch person as the commiflioners shall ap-moneylfor point, fix pence per diem* for the fubfiileoce.of every, recruit then, every recruit; inlifted, from the day of the. l$ft meeting of the commiflioners,, to the (aid day of adjournment, the fame to be charged to the account of the several regiments or companies into which the and incidental faij rccpuits shall be inlifted, together with fuch charges and ex-cbarfiC*# peaces as shall appear to the faid commiflioners to have been incurred on account of the detaining the faid persons from the. ,	day of the former meeting of the faid commiflioners, to the day.

of fuch second meeting, not exceeding three pounds. Continuance XLVIII. And be it further enafted by the authority afore-©f this aft. faid. That this aft, and every thing herein contained, shall be and continue in force until the end of the next session of par-* liament.

Form for	XLIX.	And	be it further enafted by the authority aforefiud*

making cn- That the several entries which the commiflioners of the land to Oie>aftfUant tax arc ^	a<^	required	to	make,	of the names and deferip-

c a * tions of all volunteers, and alfo of all imprefled men, together with the other particulars herein before direfted, be made according to the form hereunto annexed.

Recruits j Name.	4  Cl  a.	Hei  w  <U  u.	Inches.	Sd  C	Description of the Recruits.	For what  corps  preiTed.	For what corps entered voluntarily.	it  Cl.  e  a	e  o ~z  33	Officer who received or refufe^l the recruit, a id on what day.	On what grounds refufed.
	/			]  f							

CAP.

 CjOOQle

1757-} Anno trioefkno Gsorgix II. 0.9.

*7

CAP. IX.

A aS to prohibit for a limited time the exportation of corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, bifcuit, ft arch, beef, pork, bacon, and other visual (except fijb and roots and rice, to be exported to any port of Europe foutbward of Cape Finiflterre) from bis Majefty's colonies and plantations in America, unlefs to Great Britain or Ireland, or to feme of the faid colonies and plantations; and to permit the importation of com and flour into Grpat Britain and Ireland in neutral Jhips; and to allow the exportation of wheat, barley, oats, meal and flour, from Great Britain to the ijle of Man, for the ufe of the inhabitants there.

WHEREAS the exportation of any fort of corn, grain, meal► malt, flour, breaa, bifcuit, flarch, beef, pork, bacon, or anf other fort of vittual, from any of bis Majefty's colonies or plantations in America, may, at this time, be greatly prejudicial to his Majefty's fubjefls; be it therefore enabled by the King's mod excellent majcfty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent, parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That no person Enumerated or persons whatfoever, at any time or times during the conti-nuance of the present war with France, (hall, diredlly or indi- be°cxlported redly, export, tranfport, carry, cbnvey, or caufe or procure to from the Bribe exported, tranfported, carried or conveyed out of or from any tifh plants -of the Britijh colonies or plantations in America, or load or lay on board, or caufe or procure to be laden or laid on board, any wfth C (hip or other veflel or boat, in order to be exported or carried France, out of the (aid colonies or plantations, any fort of corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, bifcuit, (larch, beef, pork, bacon, or other fort of visual, whether the faid commodities (hall, or shall not be, the produce or manufacture of, or made in the refpedive colonies or plantations from whence the fame shall be defigned to be exported, under the penalties and forfeitures herein after mentioned ; that is to (ay, That all the faid oommodities that shall be fo exported, (hipped or laid on board, or loaded to be exported, (hipped or carried out contrary to this act, shall be forfeited, and that every offender or offenders therein, shall forfeit the sum of twenty (hillings of lawful money of Great Britain, for every bu(hel of corn, grain, meal, malt or flour, and twelve pence of the like money, for every pound weight of ' bread, bifcuit, (larch, beef, pork, bacon, or other vidlual, apd fo in proportion For any greater or lefs quantity, which shall be fo exported, (hipped or put on board to be exported, and alfo the (hip, boat or veflel, upon which any of the faid commodities shall be exported, (hipped or laden to be exported, and all her guns, tackle, apparel and furniture shall be forfeited ; and pne moiety of all fuch penalties and forfeitures shall be to the

Kings



a8	Anno	triceflmo	Georgii II. c. 9.	Cf757*

King’s majefty, his heirs $nd fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or them that will Cue for the fame; which faid penalties and forfeitures shall be recovered in the high court of admiral-ty9 or any other chief court of civil or criminal jurifdicUon, m fuch refpeftive colonies or plantations; and that the matter and mariners of any fuch (hip, boat, or veflel, wherein any fuch offence shall be committed, knowing fuch offence and wittingly and willingly aiding and aflifting thereunto, and being thereof duly copvifted in any fuch courts as aforefaid, shall be imprifon-ed tor the fpace of three months without bail or mainprize.

Officers im- II. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That k? t0(r	anc* ma^	toan<l	f°r	any	perfonor	perfons,	being

ao^comm^i-an °®cer or °®cers of the cuftoms, or being lawfully authorized tie,.	* in this behalf by the lord high treasurer of Great Britain, or the

1 commiflloners of the treasury for the time being, or any three or more of them, to take or feize all fuch of the faid commodir ties hot allowed to be exported by this aft, or by his Majeftyfs foyal proclamation, or fuch order of council in purfuance of this aft, as he or they shall happen to find, know or difcover, to be laid on boafd ^ny (hip or other veflel or boat at fea, or in any port, or in any navigable river or water, to the intent or purpofe to be exportea, tranlported or conveyed out of any of the faid colonies or plantations, contrary to the true intent of this aft; and alfo the (hip, veflel or boat in which the fame shall be found, and to bring the faid goods to the King’s warehoufe or warehoufes, belonging to the cuftom-houfe next to the place where fuch fei-zures shall be made, or to fome other fafe place (where there are no fuch warehoufes) in order to be proceeded again# according to law, and in cafe of recovery, to be divided according to the directions of this aft. vifioM SrSipi	Prided	always,	and	be	it	further	enafted	by	the autho-

on their voy- rity aforefaid, That this aft, or any thing herein contained, shall *ge *	not extend to prohibit the exportation or carrying out of fuch or

lo much of the faid commodities as shall be neceflary to be car-* f	ried	in	any (hip or (hips, or other veflel or veflels in their felpec-

tive vdyages, for the fuftenance, diet and fupport of the commanders, matters, mariners, pafleneers or others, in the fame (hips or veflels only, or for the victualling or providing any of his Ma-n^forthe jetty’s (hips of war, or other (hips pr veflels in his Majesty’s fer-foreeMortsor v^ce> or f°r his Majesty’s forces, forts or garrifons; any thing garrifons ex- herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding. cepted.	IV.	Provided	alfo,	and be it further enafted by the authority

Tj^.*?ld com- aforefaid, That this aft, or any tiring herein contained, shall not beoan^ihmi extend to prohibit the exportation of any of the faid commodi-the (kid oolo- ties from the faid colonies or plantations to Great Britain or /rcritics or planta- land, or from any of the faid colonies or plantations, to any other tions to Great 0fthe faid colonies or plantations, or from any other port or place in land'&c.r rC" any one ^e c°I°nics or plantations, to any Port or place 9	* in fuch colony or plantation refpeftively, fo as the exporter do

before the (hipping or laying on board the fame, declare the ’’	king-

and lodge the fome in the King's warc-hbuies.



1757*1 Annotri^fimo Geqrgii II. c.,9.	29

kingdom, ifland, plantation or colony, and the port or place foetal inS out a which the faid commodities are refpeitively defigned, and takcc?^^^ora . outkeodquet orcocquets, exprefling the particulars of fuch cora-*^ngfccurity. modifies, 2nd do likewife become bound with two fureties of6 known refid^nce in the faid colonies or plantations, and of ability to anfwer the penalty mentioned in the bonds, in treble the vahieof fueh commodities, to the chief officer or officers of his Majesty’s cufloms, or the naval officer, or fome other principal officer belonging to the port or place where the fame shall be ihipped or put on board, or to fuch person or persons as shall be appointed for that purpofe, by the lord high treafurcr of Great Britain, or the commiflioners of the treasury for the time beings or any thtffte or more of them (who are hereby impowered to take fuch fecurity in his Majeftv’s name, and to his Majefty** ufe) that fuch commodities (hail not be landed or fold in any parts whatfoever, other than the kingdom, ifland, plantation, colony, port or place refpcchvely, for which the fame (lull be fo declared, and that a certificate under the hand and feal, or hands and fealsof the colle<5h>r, comptroller, or other chief officer of the cufloms, or if no fuch, of the naval officer or fome other principal officer of the port or place where the fame shall be landed, or fuch person or persons as shall be appointed for that jHirpofe by the lord high treafurcr of Great Britain, or the com-miflioners of the treasury for the time being, or any three or ’ more of them, (hall, within the refpeitive times herein after	\

mentioned (the danger of the feas excepted) be returned to the officer or officers, or person or persons, to whom fuch fecurity shall have been given asaforefaid, that the faid commodities, exr ‘prefltng the particulars thereof, have been landed at the port or place tor which the fame shall have been fo declared ; and for the taking of fuch fecurity, and giving fuch cocquets andeertifi- ~	/

cates (which the refpc&ive officers and persons aforefaid arp hereby on demand required to give) no fee or reward shall bp demanded or received; and if any fuch officer or person shall Penalty on offtake any falfe certificate of any fuch commodities being fo ficer making a landed, fuch officer or person shall forfeit the fuin of two hun-fc,fc certifi-dred pounds, and lofe his employment, and be incapable of ferv-catC| ing his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, in any office relating to the cufloms ; and if any person shall counterfeit, rale or falfifyandonperlw iny cocquet or certificate, or knowingly publilh any fuch coun- coanterfeitiog terfeit, r a fed or falfe cocquet or certificate, he shall forfeit the	1

fum of two hundred pounds, and fuch cocquet or certificate (hallcatw* 1	*

be void and of none effeft; which faid penalties for offences committed in America, shall be recovered in the fame courts. Penalties and in the fame manner, as the other penalties inflicted by this wh«re to be a& ate recoverable; and for offences which shall be committedreco,crt In that part of Great Britain called England* fuch penalties shall be recovered by adhon of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at JVeftminfler, or before the jufltces ofalfize, or at the great fefllons in Irenes, or by in-fortnation at any general quarter feflions of the peace for the

’	county

 CjOO^Ic

30

Officer fufpec

Anno tricesimo GeoRGH II. c.	[*	757-

county, city, riding, divifion or place, where the offence shall be committed; and in fuch fuit no efloin, protection, privilege, or wager of law shall be allowed ; and for offences which lhall be committed in that part of Grcat-Britain called Scotland\ by a&ion or fummary bill or information in the court* of feffions or exchequer in Scotland; and for offences which shall be committed in Ireland, in his Majesty’s courts of record in Dublin, or at the general quarter-feffions of the peace for the county, city or place, where the offence shall be committed ; and for offences which shall be committed in any other of the dominions belonging to the crown of Great Britain in Europe, in the high court of admiralty, or any other chief court of civil or criminal jurif-di&ion in fuch dominions refpedtively; and fuch penalties wheh recovered, shall be divided in equal moieties between his Majesty and the informer; and upon all actions, fuits and informations, that shall be brought, commenced, or entered in the faid colonies and plantations upon this a<ft, the offences may be laid or alledged to have been committed in any colony, province, county or precindl,within the faid plantations, at the pleafureof the pro-fecutoror informer.

V. Provided also, That in cafe the officer or officers, or per-ting certificate fon or persons, to whom any certificate shall be returned, shall to be falfc, not have caufe to fufpedt that fuch certificate is falfe and counterfeit, bonds**thC kQn<fe lhall not be cancelled or the fecurity vacated, until fuch officer or officers, or person or persons, shall have been informed from the person or persons in whofe name fuch certificate shall appear to have been granted, that the matter and contents of fuch certificate are juft and true.

Commodities VI. Provided alfo. That nothing in this afl contained shall ?afanVaorla-€Xten^ or be conftrued to extend to prohibit the tranfporting, crof^rivers carrying, or conveying any of the commodities herein before mentioned, by land, or acrofs rivers, by common ferries, or up or down the faid rivers, or acrofs harbours where clearances have not ufually been taken, from any one of the faid plantations or colonies to any other plantations or colonies, or to any part of the fame plantation or colony, or to fubjedt the persons tranfport-ing, carrying or conveying, or caufing to be tranfported, carried or conveyed, any of the (aid commodities in manner aforefaid, to any of the reftridtions or regulations herein before prefcribfcd, with refpedt to fuch commodities exported by fea, from one colony to another.

VII.	Provided neverthelefs. That the faid bond or bonds (if not profecuted within threeyears) shall be void.

VIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That no-cleared ibefore thing in this adl contained shall extend to any of the commodi-25 March tj€S aforefaid, which shall be cleared out of any cuftom-houfe exportTdf * *n any°f *hc colonies or plantations before the twenty fifth day

of March one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

His Majesty by IX. Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority aforc-prodamation, faid, That in cafe his Majesty at any time or times during the

con-

Sec. from one plantation to another.

Bonds to be fued within 3 years.

Commodities,



*757-1 Anno triceGmo Georoii II. c. 9.	ji

continuance of this aft, shall in his royal difcretion judge it to or order in be expedient to permit the exportation of corn, and other the council,may at commodities aforefaid, or any of them, from the faid colonies	JhTexpor-

and plantations, that then it (nail and may be lawful to and for tation of corn, his Majesty by his royal proclamation or proclamations to be if- See from the fued, by and with the advice of hi9 privy council, or by his Ma- colonies or jefty’s order in council, from time to time, to permit and fuffer P,*nUt,ons* all and lingular his Majesty’s fubjefts (but hot any particular person or perfons) to export or carry out of all of the faid colonies or plantations in any (hip or mips, veflel or veflels, duly navigated, owned, and qualified according to law ro trade there, all or any of the commodities aforefaid to all or any other place or places, and upon or without giving fecurity for the landing thereof in fuch place or places, and returning certificates of fuch landing, as to his Majesty shall feem meet, and as in fuch pro-, damation or proclamations, or fuch orders of council, shall be exprefled and declared; any thing to the contrary notwith-(landing.

X.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That Times limited all certificates of the landing and aifeharging of the faid commo- of returning dities to be exported, shall be returned within the refpeftive from the ports times following; that is to fay. Where the bonds are taken in where the com, refpeft of any of the faid commodities to be exported to Great See. hat beea Britain or Ireland within eighteen calendar months after the landcd« date of the faid bonds; and in refpeft of any of the faidv commodities to be exported from any of the faid colonies or plantations to any other of the faid colonies or plantations, or from any

port or place in any one of the faid colonies or plantations, to any other port or place in fuch colony or plantation refpeftively, within twelve calendar months after the date of fuch bonds refpeftively.

XI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the autho- Prohibition rity aforefaid. That this aft shall not extend to prohibit the ex- to exporting portation of any rice from the faid colonies or plantations di- 0f rice, reftly to any part of Europe fouthward of Cape Finijlerre, but

that rice (ball and may be (hipped and exported directly to any part of Europe fouthward of the faid cape, in fuch manner as the fame might have been exported if this aft had not been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XII.	Provided also, and be it further enafted by the autho- Fifti or roots rity aforefaid. That this aft shall not extend to any fifh or roots ^ay0^e(^£ied* which shall be exported or carried coaftwife, but that fi(h and coaftwife. roots of all forts shall and may be exported and carried coaftwife, in fuch manner as the fame might have been exported or

carried coaftwife, if this aft had not been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIII.	And whereas by an aft paffed this present session of parlia- ^ct of tins fee ment, intituled', An act to prohibit, fora rime to be limited, the exportation of com, malt, meal, flour, bread, bifeuit and ftarch, it

was exalted. That no perfon, at any time before the twenty fifth <iiy of December one thovfand feven hundred and fifty fcveti, Jbould ex-

port.

 CjOO^Ic

A110? tric^funp Qbq^SU IL c,gu [*>57. pert* ¥ *&*! 4*4 of or from thekingd^ms of Great Britain IfC*

land, any fort of corn, meal, jnfllt, flour, bread, bifeuit orjlarch* uo~ der the penalties and for f situ res therein motioned; but withJeveral provijions and favings in the {aid ad contained: And whereat the in• habitants of the ifle of Man lave, far several years UJl paft,hetnfyp^ pUed with conftaerable quantities of corn* meal and flour, from Groat Britain and Ireland; and they are now in great want thereof, no Wheat, &c. provifion or faving having been made in the faid ad for, flushing may be export, them therewith; be it therefore enaded by the authority afore* ed from South- faid, That the faid recited ad, 6r any thing therein contained* Kxm^onto ^aI1 not extCQdt0 any wheat, barley, oats, meal or flour, to bef the ifle efMan, tranfported out of or from the ports of Southampton or Exeter only, unto the faid ifle of Man, for the only ufe of the inhabitants of that ifland, fo as the exporter, before the lading of fuch wheat, barley, oats, meal or flour, or laying the lame on board, do become bound, with other fufficient fecurity (which the cu~ ftomer or comptroller of either of the faid ports rdpedively hath liercby power to take in his Majesty’s name, and to his Majefly’? ufe, and for which (ecurity no fee or reward shall be given or taken) that fuch wheat, barley, oats, meal or flour, shall be landed in the faid ifle of Man (the danger of the Teas only ex* cepted) for the ufe of the inhabitants there, and (halJ not b« landed or fold in any other parts whatfoever, and to return the like certificates of the landing the fame there, as are by the faid ad required on thqexportation of the faid commodities to the Britijb not more than colonies in America, and within the time for that purpofe therein *#500 quarters. mentioned; J^dfo as the whole quantity of wheat,barley,oats,meal or flour, which, at any time or times after the palling this ad, and before the faid twenty fifth day of December one thoufaod feven hundred and fifty feven, shall be (hipped at both the faid ports One moiety to for the faid ifle ox Man as aforefaid, shall not exceed in the whole be (hipped at two thousand five hundred quarters; one moiety whereof to be r*?	^	exported	at the faid port of Southampton, and the other moiety

.	thereof	to be exported at the faid port of Exeter; any thing in

Ad of this fcf-	recited ad to the contrary notwithstanding.

Con.	*	XIV.	And whereas by an ad made in this present fejfian of par-

liament (intituled, An act to difeontinue, for a limited time, the duties upon corn and flour imported, and alfoupon fuch corn,

f'rain,meal, bread, bifeuit and fhur,as havebeen, or shall be, taken rom the enemy, and brought into this kingdom) corn and flour is allowed to be imported into this kingdom, duty free, for and during fuch time as in the faid ad is mentioned: And whereas it is nectary that fuch importation flouid be allowed to be made in flips belonging to Corn and flour ctny flat e in amity with his Majefly, as well as in flips belonging to may be im- Great Britain, and from any port or place whatfoever; be it there* ported duty| fore enaded by the authority aforefeid, That it shall be lawful, kuT'donTic^ during the time, and under the regulations, mentioned in the in'mity,’ into faid ad, for any person or persons whatfoever to import and bring into this kingdom, in any (hip or veflel belonging to Great Br/* Great Britain, or t0 any kingdom or (late in amity with his Majefly, his heirs and fucceflbrs, from any port or place whatfoever com

and



1 7$tA Aopc tricefim»GEOW3fi IL e; ,to.	$3

and flour dvfy free 5 anjradhor a&s of parliament to the cdb« tracyj&etwithftaodmg.

XV,	And whereas, iftbe importation of corn andfloor into Ireland lose permitted, for a limited time to be made in flips belonging to any-float insanity with his Majtfly, the fame may be of advantage to his' Adtjtfly’sfiebjefts; be it therefore enaded by the authority afore- or Ireland* faid, That it shall be lawful, at anytime or times before the tweoffcy fourth day of dugnft next, tor any person or perfonr whatfoever to import and bring'into the kingdom of Ireland, in

any (hip or veflei belonging to any kingdom or ftate in amity with hi$ Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, corn and flour from any port or place whatfoever; any ad or ads of parliament to the contrary notwitbftanding.

XVI,	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That if any adion or fuit shall be commenced againft any per^

Ion or persons for any thing done in purfuance of this ad, the defendant or defendants in any fuch adionor fait may plead the

geoeral iflue, and give this ad, and the fpecial matter, in evh- General iffife

dencc, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was

done in purluance, and by the authority, of this ad; and if it

ihall appear fo to have been done, the jury shall find for the de-

feudal)t or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be nonfuited, or

difeontinue his adion* after the defendant or defendants (hall

have appeared; or if judgment shall be given, upon any verdidt

or demurrer, againft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants

(hall, and may recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for Treblecofti.

the lame as any defendant or'defendants hath or have in orher

cafes by law,

CAP. X.

Ana& to prohibit for a limited time the making of low wines send fpirits,from wheat, barley, malt, or any other fort of grain, or front any meal or flour.

w

HER ErAS it is expedient that the diflillation or extraction Whtit and all -{flow wines orfpirits, from wheat, barley, malt, and all other forts of grain, ftris of grain, Jbould be prohibited for a limited time \ be it therefore niea! ami flour, enaAed by.ihe King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the b^mUeVeof advice and confent of the lords fpicitual ?nd temporal and com- in diflillation mons in thisprefent parliament afietobled, and by the authority for % months* of tbe fame, That from and after the eleventh day of Marchona c°n*inued by thoofand feven hundred and fifty feven, no low wines or fpirits	^

whatfoever shall be made, extradted, ordiftilled, within this r^nabv^f 100I. kingdom, from any wheat, barley, malt, or any other fort of and forfeiture grain, or from any meal or flour, tor and during the fpace of two of.f,Mrh &*** calendar month*.	•

II. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That p - 9 during the time before limited, any diftilter, or maker of bvtv^ines or (pirns, or any other person or persons whatfoever,

(halfSnake, extradi ordiftil, or caufe or procure to be made, ex*	‘

traded, os diftiUed, any low wines or fpirits, from any wheat,

Vol« XXII.	D	bar-



u

Anno triccfimo GeoRGII ft. 'C. io. [1757J

barley, malt, or other grain, or from any meal or flour; or shall ufe or mix, orcaufe or procure to be uled or mixed, any wheat, barley, malt, or other grain, or any meal Qr flour, in any worts or wafh, in order for the making, extracting or diddling, low wines or fpirits; or shall put or lay, or caufeor procure to be put or laid, in any tun, wafh-batch, cask, copper, dill, or other veffel or utenfil, any wheat, barley, malt or other gtfain, or any meal or flour, for the purpofe of preparing any worts or wath, or for making, extracting or didilling, low wines or fpirits, whe-ther fuch tun, wafli-batch, cask, copper, dill, or other veffel or utenfil, hath or hath not been duly entered at the excife office ; that then, and in each and every ot the faid cafes, fuch didiller or maker of low wines or fpirits, or other person or persons adting contrary to the directions of this adt, or the person or perlon9 in whofe cudody or pofleflion any fuch tun, wadibatch, Cask, copper, dill, or other veffel or utenfil, which shall be made ufe of, contrary to the intention of this a<d, shall be found, shall re-fpedtively, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the sum of two hundred pounds 5 and all fuch wheat, barley, malt, and other grain, and fuch meal and flour, and fuch worts and wa(h, low wines and fpirits, shall be alfo forfeited.

III. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, AU wbeat,&c. That \f any wheat, wheat meal, or wheat flour, (hall, within the rimeli-,n t'le t*me herein before limited, be found in any workhoufe, ftill-mited, in any«houfe, dorehoufe, warehoufe, or any other place, wherein low work-houfc, wines or fpirits, or worts or wadi, shall be made, extracted, di-&c* l«"if,ng ftillcd or prepared, or where any low wines or fpirits, or worts forfeited and or wa^» shall have been made, extracted, diftilled or prepared, aooj. * since the firft day of January one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, all fuch wheat, meal and flour shall be forfeited, and the person or persons in whofe poffeffion fuch workhoufe, ftill-houfe, ftorehoufe, warehoufe, or plate shall be, (hall, for every fuch offence refpedtively, alfo forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds.

■	IV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

macntcrCfu- That during the time herein before limited, it shall be lawful fpe&cdhoufes, for any person or persons, who lhall be authorized for that purpofe by the commiflioners of excife for the time being, or any two or more of them, within the limits of the chief office of excife in London, or by one or more justice or juftices of the peace in any other part of Great Britain, at any time or times^ with anv officer of excife, to enter into any workhoufe, ftill-houfe, ftorehoufe, warehoufe, or any other place wherein any low wines or fpirits, or worts or wa(h shall be, or are fufpedtea to be made, extracted, diftilled or prepared, or wherein low wines or fpirits, or worts or wart) shall have been made, extracted, diftilled or prepared, since the firft day of January one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, and shall have free admittance into the Tame, and may irifpedt all the materials, veflfei* and utenfils, therein contained (giving thereby as little interruption as may be to the bulinefs which shall be carrying on) ;

kn d

and iufpcft the materials and utenfils therein;



i 1757*1 Anna trkefimo GeoRGII II. C. io. and in cafe aby filch officer of excife, shall have reafon to fu-! fped that any wheat, barley, malt or other grain, meal or flour, is mixed in any worts or wafh, or in any other material or preparation, for making, extrading or diftilling low wines or fpirits,, it (haJI be lawful for fuch officer, at any time or times, during the ftid term, upon payment of two (hillings and fix pence, to take a fampje not exceeding two quarts, of any fuch worts or wafh, material or preparation, which shall be found in any fuch houfe or other place as aforefaid; and in cafe any diftiller or maker of low wines or fpirits,or the owner or occupier of any fiich houfe or place, or any workman or fervant to any fuch diftiUer, owner or occupier belonging, shall refufe to admit fuch person or perfoos, as shall be fo authorized, or any officer of excife, in* to any fuch houfe or place, or shall obftrud or hinder any fuch officer or perfbo or perfon*, in making fuch infpedion as afore-hid, or shall not allow any fuch officer to take fuch faraple, after the faid futn of two (hillings and fix pence shall be paid or tendered for the fame, fuch diftiller, owner or occupier, (hall, for every fuch offence refpedively, forfeit and pay the sum of on* hundred pounds; and it shall be lawful for any fiich officer of excife, or other person or persons authorized as aforefaid, having a warrant for that purpofefrom any two or more of the com* miflioners of excife* or any justice or juftices refpedively as afore* hid, to feize, take and carry away, all fuch wheat, wheat meal* aod wheat flour, aa shall be found in any fuch houfe or other place, together with all the facks, bags, and other things, in which the (aid commodities shall be contained.

V.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That if any diftiller or maker of low wines or fpirits for (ale or exportation, (hall, after the eleventh day of March one thousand (even hundred and fifty feven, and before the eleventh day of

ooe thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, be pofleffea of, or have in his, her or their cuftody or pofleffion, or in the cufto-* dyor pofleffion of any person or persons in truft, or for the ufeor benefit of fuch diftiller or maker of low wines or fpirits, mor* than five quarters of wheat, wheat meal, or wheat flour, at any one time, in any one or more place or places (not being a place or places for preparing, making, ex trading, diftilling, or keeping worts or wafh, low wines or fpirits) every fuch diftiller or maker of low wines and (pints, (hall, for every fuch offence refpedively, forfeit all fuch wheat, meal and flour, exceeding the faid quantity of five quarters, and alfo the sum of five ppunds for every quarter fo forfeited.

VI.	Provided always, That this ad shall not extend to inflid the faid laft mentioned penalty and forfeiture upon any diftiller or maker of low wines or fpirits, who shall be theadua! grower of wheat, and shall be poflefled of any quantity of fuch wheat grown by hitruor her in the draw, or after the fame is threftied out or feparated from the draw 5 provided fuch wheat shall not be kept in his or her pofleffion, or in the pofleffion of any other person or persons in truft for him or her, for a greater fpace of

D 2	rime

35

and take farrt-pies, paying for the lame. Diftiller rcfiifi ing admittance, or ob-ftru&ing officer forfeits 100k

and the officer may feizr, an.4 carry away the wheat. See, found.

Diftiller, or other person for him haying more than 5 quarters of wheat, &c. in his cuftody.

forfeits the fame, and 5L Ipr every quarter.

DUtillers not , to forfeit for wheat of their own growth,

if fold within 20 days after being threili-ed j and not kept in work-houfe, See.

iS

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. C. 10.

['757-

time than twenty days after the fame shall be threfhed or fepa"* rated from the draw; and fo as fuch wheat be not kept in any place ufed for making,extracting or diftillinglow wines or fpirits, or for preparing or keeping worts or wa(h.

Dtftille 3 be VII. Provided also, That this a6t shall not extend to inflidt ing millers are	kft	mentioned	penalty	and	forfeiture	upon	any	diftiller

alio exempted or maker of low wines jprfpirits, who pradtifes the trade of a from the laid

penalty and forfeiture.

Officers, &c. may by warrant, enter.

have in them more than c

quarters

wheat.

miller, and who was poflefled of, and worked any mill or mills for the grinding of wheat, on or before the firft day of Jonuatjy one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, for or upon account of any quantity of wheat, wheat meal, or wheat flour, which lhall, during the time herein before limited, be found in any fuch mill or mills; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

VIII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe any officer or officers of the excife, or any other or break open Per^on or persons, (hall, at any time or times, have cauieto lii-ftorehoufes™ (pc& that anY wheat, wheat meal, or wheat flour, exceeding the lufpe&ed to quantity of five quarters, shall be laid or kept in any fuch ftore-houfe, warehoufe, grainary, or other place or places, as afore-faid, belonging to any diftiller or maker of low wines or fpirits, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this adt, then, and in every fuch cafe* upon oath made by fuch officer or officers, or other person or persons, before the commiflioners of excife for the time being refpedtively, or any two or more of them, or before one or more justice or juftices of the peace refiding near the place Where fuch officer or officers, or other person or persons, shall fufpedt the fame to be laid and kept, fettingforth the ground of his or their fufpicion, it shall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiflioners, or justice or juftices of the peace refpedbve-ly, before whom fuch officer or officers, or other person or‘per-(ons, shall make oath as aforefaid, (if he or they shall judge it rea(onable) by fpecial warrant under his or their refpe&ive hands and feals, to authorize and impower fuch officer or officers, or other person or persons, authorized as aforefaid, by day or by night (but if in the night, then in the prefence of a conftable, or other lawful officer, of the peace) to enter into all and every* ftorehoufe, warehoufe, grainary, or other place or places, where he or they shall fo fufpedt that any wheat, wheat meal, or wheat flour, exceeding the quantity of five quarters, as aforefaid, shall be laid or kept, belonging to any fuch diftiller, or maker of low The wheat fo wines or fpirits ; and to feize, take and carry away, all fuch found* to be wheat, meal and flour, as he or they shall fo find (over and above wav the <luantfty ^ve quarters, together with all the facks, ca a ** bags, or other things, wherein the fame (hail be contained) ; and diftiller to and fuch diftiller or maker of low wines or fpirits, or the person forfeit 51. lor or persons in whofe cuftody or pofleffion fuch wheat,' meal or every fnper- flour, belonging to fuch diftiller shall be found, <hall, for every fuch offence reflectively, forfeit and pay the faid penalty of live pounds for every quarter, exceeding the faid quantity of five quarters \ and the laid officer or officers, and ether person or

perfons.

nutuenuy

quarter.



!757-] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. io.

37

perfons, is or are hereby impowered by fuch warrant, together with fuch other person or persons as he or they shall take to his or their afliftance, to enter fuch ftorehoufes, warehoufes, grain-aries, and other place or places, and break open the doors thereof, in cafe they be not forthwith opened on demand.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed .by the authority aforefaid, Penalties how That all penalties and forfeitures by this a& impofed, shall be rccover-filed for and recovered by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint or infor- * mation, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at fVeJimin-

fter ; or in the court of exchequer in Scotland; and that the court Court may before whom the fame shall be recovered, may, and are hereby mitigate the authorized (if they shall think fit) to mitigate all or any of the famc 5 pecuniary penalties herein before infli&ed, to any fum not lefs than one fourth part of the fum herein refpe&ively mentioned; and that one moiety of all the penalties and forfeitures, when Application recovered, shall be to the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fuc- thereof, ceflors; and the other moiety to him or them who shall fue for the fame, or give information of, or difeoverthe offence.

X.	Provided always, That all fuits, profecutions or informa- Su*ts t0 be

dons, for offences committed againft this a&, shall be com- commenced menced and made within the fpace of two calendar months witnin two after the fad is committed, and not otherways; any thing here- ,?ontis attcr in contained to the contrary notwithftanding.	1	eo	encc*

XL And whereas there have been contrails made by the dijlillers contrails for with feveralperfons for yefi^ to be delivered and received at future delivery of times after the twenty ninth day of September one thousand feven bun- yelUufpended# dred and fifty fix; be it therefore further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, ThatSll contra&s or bargains made by any diftiller or diftillers with any peribn or persons whatfoever, for any yeft to be delivered at any time during the continuance of this a&, shall be, and are hereby declared to be fufpended.

XII. And b® it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. Limitation of That if any a&ion or fuit shall be commenced againft any per* a&ion*. fon or persons, for any thing done in purfuance of thisa&, fuch a&ion or fuit shall be commenced within the fpace of four calendar months next after the offence shall be committed, and if fuch a&ion or fuit shall be commenced or profecuted in that part of Great Britain called England^ the defendant or defendants in any Tuch a&ion or fuit may plead the general iffue, and give this act General iflue, and the fpecial mater in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon ; and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this a&; and if it shall appear fo to have been done, the juiy shall find for the defendant, or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be nonfuited, or difeontimje his a&ion, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if judgment shall be given upon any verdi& or demurrer againft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble cofts, «i\ebU cods, and have die like remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes by law; and if fuch a&ion or fuit be commenced or profecuted in that part1 of Great Britain called Scotland, the court before whom f uch a&ion or fuit

»3

lhall



$$	Arfnb	fricefimb	GeorGM 1L C. 1t,t2.	[	*757*

(hall be brought, shall allow the defender to plead this ad on his defence; and if the purfuer shall not infill on his aftioh, or ' if judgment shall be given againft fuch purfuer, the defender shall and may recover the full and read expellees he may have been put to by any fuch action or fuit.

CAP. XL

An a£t for the regulation of his Majefty's marine forces while onihore.*

CAP. XII.

An att to timend an aft made in the twenty ninth year of the reign of bis present Majesty, intituled, An act to render more effectual an aft paffed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majefty King George, to prevent unlawful combinations of workmen employed in the woollen manufactures* and for better payment of their wages ; and aMo an aft paffed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his faid late Majefty* for the better regulation of the woollen manufacture • and for preveriting difputes among the persons concerned therein •* and for limiting, a time for profecuting for the forfeiture appointed by the aforelaid aft* in cafe of payment of the workmens wages in any other manner than in money.

r	''tTTHEREAS	by	an aft made and pajfed in the twenty ninth

is G* i". c. 34] * * year of the reign of his present Majejiy, intituled, An aft ijG] 1. c, 23!t0 render more effectual an aft paffed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majefty King George* to prevent unlawful combinations of workmen employed in the woollen manufeSures* and for better payment of their wages; and alfo an aft pallet! in the thirteenth year of the reign of his faid late Majesty, for the better regulation of the woollen manufacture* and for preventing difputes among the persons concerned therein; and for limiting a time for profecuting for the forfeiture appointed by the aforefaid aft, in cafe of the payment of the workmens wages in any other manner than iu money; it was,amongft other things, tnafted, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand /even hundredetna fifty fix, it Jhould be lawful for the ju-Jlices of the peace ajfembled at any of their general or quarter fejfions held next after Michaelmas yearly, to male rates for the payment of wages to weavers, and others employed in the woollen manufactures, according to the number of yards that the chains are laid upon the warping bars, and not otherwife: which rates by the faid aft wtte to continue for one year from the making thereof: and whereas, from the great variety of the faid manufacture of broad cloth, as well in refpeft to breadth and colour, as to the quantity and quality bf the material of which the Jitme is compofed, it is found impracticable'io form any general rate of wages that would be juft, adequate, and fifitable to the several branches and circumftanees of the Jaid manufacture : and whereas great mifchiefi and mconvemencies have ariftn,

and



1757*J	Aiyio tric^mo.GEQRGii II. c. 12. .	59

tftr^ awjr drift, from the exercift of the	power and authority

given by the above recited aft to the juftices of the peace, to make rates for the payment of wages, as therein mentioned: for remedy whereof may it pleafe your Majesty, that it may be enafted; and be it enacted by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That fo much of the faid recited a<5t 'as ciaufein the enaCts, That it shall and may be lawful for the juftices of the recited* aft peace aflembled at any of their general or quarter feflions held repealed, next, after Michaelmas yearly, to make rates for the payment of wages .to weavers, and others employed in the woollen manufactures, according to the number of yards that the chains are laid upon.the warping bars, and not otherwife, fhali be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

II.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid * Agreement* That all or any contracts or agreements made, or hereafter to ^[^cn,clto-be made and entered into, between any clothier or maker of thierCandC °* mixed, medley or white broad cloth, ana the weaver or weavers weaver, to be employed by luch maker, in refpeCt to any wages to be paid to binding j fiich weaver or weavers, lhall, from and immediately after the

firft day of May one thoufend feven hundred and fifty feven, be, and are hereby declared to be good, valid and effectual, to all intents and purpofes; any rate: made or to be made in purfuance of any law, ftatute or ufage, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

III.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, ^ t0 cxtemJ That the aforefaid contracts or agreements shall extend only to only to the the aCtual prices or rates of workmanlhip or wages to be paid, wages, which ancf not to the payment thereof in any other manner than jn fre tobe paid money, contrary to the intent and meaning of the faid recited 1U monC)r# aCt or the twenty ninth year of his present Majesty’s reign.

IV.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, ci0thicr not That if any clothier or maker of any mixed, medley or white paying the broad cloth, shall refufe or oeglfeCt to pay to the weaver or fame within * weavers employed by fiim or them his or their wages or price <jays afrer de-agreed on in money, within two days next after the work shall 0 * c be performed and delivered to fuch employer, or fome person *

on his behalf (the fame being demanded of fuch employer or perion employed on his behalf); then and in every fuch cafe,

*very fuch clothier or person fo offending, shall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the sum of forty (hillings; to be reco- to forfeit 40 s. vered in fuch manner and form, and by fuch ways and means, and to be paid, applied, and difpofed of, as the several penalties and forfeitures incurred and made payable by the faid recifed a<5t made in the twenty ninth year of bis present Ma-jefty's rpign, are thereby directed and appointed to be recovered and applied.

vV.W

CAP.

i



Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 13,14.

CAP. XIII.

An aff to redify a tniftake in an ad pajfed this session of fftr-liament, intituled, An act for the fpeedy and effectual recruiting of his Majesty’s land forces and marines.

hi$ Majesty’s land forces and marines; it is enaded, That for the encouragement of fit and able persons voluntarily to enter into his Met-jejlft Jervicey every person who Jhould voluntarily enter himfelf into bis Majejiy t feryice, in the manner therein mentioned, Jhould receive the sum of three pounds out of the money of the land tax arifen, or to arife% in the years one thousand feveu hundred and fifty fit> and one thousand ftven hundred and fifty feven: and whereas in the provifion made by the faid ad for the repayment of part of the fmms fo to be fuppUed out of fuch land taxes, for fiub encouragement as aforefaidy the word round is by mifiake iiuertedy inflead of the words three pounds; be it ena&ed by the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afletn-

Porty (hilling* kW* by the authority of the fame. That it shall be law* of every three ful for the lord high treafurer, or commilEoners of the treasury 'pound* paid for the time being, to caufe forty (hillings of every three pounds out of the land which shall be fo fupplied out of the faid land tax money for paid \nto the Payment of the encouragements aforefaid, to 'be repaid into jeicbequerby his Maiefty’s exchequer by the rcfpeflive paymafters of his the paymasters Majesty’s forces, out of fuch money as they shall receive for the the lows. faid forces, to make good the refpeftive credits on the faid

land tates, and to be applied to the fatisfafhon of fuch principal and interest (if any) as shall be remaining thereupon ; any thing in the faid aft contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

An act for continuing an ad of this present session of parliament intituled, An act to difeontinue, for a Him ted time, the duties upon corn and flour imported-, and alfo upon fuch corn, grain, meal, bread, bifeuit and flour, as Have been, or shall be taken from the enemy, and brought into this kingdom.

WHEREAS an ad made in this present session vf parliament, intituled^ An act to difeontinue, for a limited rime, the ^duties upon corn and flour imported; and alfo upon fuch corn, grain, meaj, bread, bifeuit and flour, as have been, or shall be taken from the enemy, and brought into this kingdom, which will expire upon the twenty fourth day of Auguft one thousand feven hundred and fifty f even, hath been found ujeful and beneficial: and whereas it is found ncceffary that the faid ad Jhould be continued for a longer time \ be it therefore cnafied by the King’s ojoft excellent inajefty, by

intituled, An aft for

CAP. XIV.

and



*757*3

Annotrtfeffiro	c.15.

and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and tem-poral and commons in thta present parliament affembled, and by thf authority of the feme, That the faid aft shall be, and the Recited aft fame is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, continued to until the fifteenth day of November next-	^xt°vcin^cr

CAP. XV.	• ,

An act for continuing an aft of this present session of par-	* :	o

Hamehtyintituled, An act to prohibit, fora limited time, the making of low wines and fpirits from wheat, barley, malt, or any other fort of grain * or from an^ meal or flout-

WHEREAS an aft made in this present session of parliament, cap# 10# intituled, An act to prohibit, for a limited time, the making of low wines and fpirit$ from wfieat, barley, malt, or any other fort of grain; or from any meal or flour; which will expire upon .the eleventh day of May, one thousand feven hundred and fifty /even, hath been found ufeful and beneficial: and whereat it is found neetjjafy that the faid aft Jbould be continued for a longer time \ be 11 foereforeenafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, ,	^

and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid aft shall be, and the fame ^^ontin^d is hereby continued from the expiration thereof, until the ele- *0 Dec$m-yenth day of December next.	ber nexh

II. Provided always, and be itenafted by the authority afore-Ws faid, That in cafe his Majesty, at any time or times after the impowered by eleventh day of May one thousand (even hundred and fifty feven, proclamation and before the eleventh day of December one thousand feven °r order of hundred and fifty feven, (hall, in his royal diferetion, judge k^ndtheaft* to be nnoft for the benefit and advantage of this kingdom, to permit di-permit the making of low wines and fpirits from wheat, bar- (filiation from ley, malt or any other fort of grain, or from any meal or dour, wheat, Sec* •that then it shall and may be lawful to and for nix Majesty, by his rdyal proclamation or proclamations to be iflued, by and with the advice of his privy council, or by his Maiefty^s order in council, to be publiftied in the London Gazette, from time to time, to permit and fuffer all and every person and,perfons, natives qpfl foreigners (but not any particular person or perfons) at any time or times after the faid eleventh day of May one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, and before the faid eleventh duy of Decernber, one thousand feven hundrfcdind fifty feven, to make low wines and fpirits from wheat, barley* malt,* or any o other forr of grain, or from any meal or floury any thing herein contained* to the contrary notwithftand.ng* .	•	;	*.



'''CAP.

 L,ooQle

^4*	Anno	itrippfimo	Csorgu	II.	c.16.	[1757.

CAP. XVI.

Jkn aft fo extmd the liberty granted by an aft of the twenty thirdyear af the reign of bis present Majesty, of importing bar iron from bis Majeftfs colonies in America, into the port of London, to the reft of the ports of Great Britain; and for repealing certain claufes in the faid ft.

»3 g. *. c. 29..	ERE A S by an aft made in the twenty third year of the

W reign of his present Majejly, intituled. An act to encourage •the importation of pig and .bar iron from his Majefty*s colonies in America; and to prevent the ereftion of any mill or other engine for flitting or rolling of iron j or any plating forge to work with £ tilt hammer; or any furnace for making (tael in any of the laid colonies, it is enafted, That from and after the •,twenty fourth day of June one tkoufand feven hundred and fifty, mo fukfidy> \tufiwy impofition, rate or duty whatfoever, Jbould be payable upon boriron time in, andimported from, bis Majefifs colonies in America, into tbe port of London: and whereas the admiffion of futb bar iron into the reft of the ports of Great Britain, duty-free, .will be, advantageous to the iron manufacture, as well as to the general trade and commerce of theje kingdoms; be it therefore enafted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content qf the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament ^flembled, and by the authority pf Bar iron to be the fame. That from and after the twenty fourth day of June ope imported from, thpufand feven hundred, and. fifty feven, the several ana refpeft-America,duty jvc fybfidies,, cuftoms, impositions, rates and duties, now, pay-frcc#	able on bar iron made ip, and imported from, his Majesty’s

^colonies jn America, into any port of Great Britain, fhali ceafe, determine, and be no longer, paid•, and that the faid aft, and ^ted aft re- cvery *kufe, matter and thing, therein contained, fo far as reflating to the latest to the importation of bar iron from Americp (except that importation is altered or repealed by this aft) (hall, and is hereby declared thereof, ex- to extend to all the ports in Great Britain, as fully as if the fame theiwttof wcrc repeated and re-enafted in this present aft; any law, fta-GreatBritain,tele, orufage to the contrary notwithftandiqg.

II.	And whereas by the faid aft of the twenty third year of his present Majesty, it is enabled. That no bar iron, whatfoever Jball be permitted to be carried coaftwife, unlejs mention be made in the certificate to be granted for that purpofe, of the day on which thefubfidtes, cujloms, impofitions, rates and duties, payable upon the importation

Cfanfertlatmg' w*rerf, were paid, and of the name o f the person or persons by whom to certificates the fame were paid; be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, fordutieapaid, That from after the faid twenty fourth day of June one tliou-22J>cinA<25L fan(l feven hundred and fifty .fev$n, the faid clause shall be, and repeikd*1^ *s hereby declared to be repealed.

III.	And whereas by the faid aft of the twenty third year of bis present Majtfty, it is enafted. That no bar iron imported into the port of London by virtue of the faid aft, Jball be carried or eon* 'Vgedby land, beyond ten miles from any part of the port of London;

be

 

1757*1 Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 17-	43

be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the Claufe prohi-twenty fourth day of "June one thousand feven hundred and biting the car-fifty feven, the find clause shall be, and is hereby declared to be by1”^ *0 repealed.	mile* from

IV.	And whereas by the find aft of the twenty third year of his London, re-prefent Mojefty^ it is enaftea, That all bar iron imported from any of his Mai eft ye colonies in America into the port of London, /bail be ftampea with fuch mark or flamp as the commijjtoners of the customs /ball dire ft, in three different parts of each bar, which provifton will be for the future unneceffary ; be it ena&ed by the authority afore- Claufe requir-feid, That the faid a&, fo far as rdates to the (lamping or ing the ban marking of American bar iron, in the port of London, mail, to be ftaroped, from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand "P0**®®* feven hundred and fifty feven, be, and is hereby declared to be repealed.

CAP. XVII.

An act for the importation of fine organzined Italian thrown Jilk.

WHEREAS hy an aft made in the fecondyear of the reign of » w.&M.feiL their late majefties King William and Queen Mary, inti- 1. c. 9. tukd9 An a<5t for the difeouraging the importation of thrown £lk; amongft other things in the faid aft contained, the bringing in of thrown Jilk of the growth or produftion of Italy is prohibited, unlefs imported in fuch /hips or vejfelsy and havigated in Jucb man-ner, as in and by an aft made in the twelfth year of toe reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An a& for the encouraging and 1* Car. s. and encreafing of (hipping and navigation, is direftedand allow- c« «*• ed, and brought from feme of the ports of thofe countries or places, whereof the fome is the growth or produftion, and which /hall come direftfy by fea% and not otherwife : and whereas there it at prefint very great and immediate want of organzined thrown jilk from Italy, for the ufe and purpofe of warp in the jilk manufafture, without which the manufafture cannot be carried on9 and manv thou-fends of mauufafturers mujl be unemployed-, te it therefore enabled by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefeot parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it shall and may he lawful to and for	*VCn

any person or persons to import or bring into this kingdom, tolmjponor^ from any port or place, or in any (hip or veflel whatsoever,, un- ganzined til the firft day of December one thousand feven hundred .and thrown filk fifty feven, organzined thrown filk, of the growth orprotduc-tiooipf Italy % any thing contained in the laid recited acts, or a	{

anyother.*#, to die contrary thereof notwithftanding.

II. Provided always. That this a#, nor any thing herein 9ftk§'of a par-contained, (htH extend to give hberty to import any Italian ticolar tort thrown filk* that shall be coarfer than a fort thereof, known and diftinguilhcd by the name of Third Bolonia, nor any forts of filks under this aft, coomoilly caUed Tr^nr, of the growth of ha/y^not any other under penalty

thrown of-forfeit«re«

 <^.ooQLe

44	Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 18.	[1757,

thrown (ilk of the growth or production of Turkey, Perfta, Eafl India, or China, under the penalty of forfeiting all fuch thrown filks, as shall be brought over and imported contrary to the purport, true intent, and meaning of this aCt; one moiety whereof to the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, and the other moiety to fuch person or persons who shall feize? inform, or fue for the fame ; to be recovered by bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of • record at Weflminfler ; wherein no efibin, protection, or wager of law shall be allowed.

ATI organzin- III. And for the better and more effectual execution of this at7* ed thrown and to prevent the importation of any fort of thrown filk not organ-filk w hereto-* zined\ be it further enaCted and declared. That all fuch or-bTbrought up g*nz»ne:* thrown filk, as is allowed to be imported by this a to the cuftom- wherefoever landed, shall be brought to his Majesty’s cuftom houfe at Lon- houfe at London; to the intent that no other fort of thrown filk may don, under; bc imported, than that allowed by this aCt, under the penalty of £dtur^°f or* forfeiting all fuch thrown filk as shall be imported contrary to the purport, true intent and meaning of this aCt; one moiety whereof shall be to the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-ceflbrs, and the other moiety to fuch person or persons who shall fefce, inform or (be for the fame $ to be recovered by bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majefty*s Courts of record, wherein no efloin, protection or wager of law shall be allowed; any thing to the contrary hereof in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP. XVIII.

An all for the relief and encouragement of the captors of ,	prizes,	with refpelt to the bringing and landing prize

goods in this kingdom.

1 icswC 3. WHERE AS the duties granted by an'aft pajjed in the fe-c. to. # VV venth and eighth years of the reign of the late King William the Third, upon French wines and other goods of the growth, pro-dull or manufacture 0/France, as well as several other duties upon various goods imported into this kingdom, are by law not to be drawn back upon the re-exportation thereof into foreign parts: and whereas fuch duties have been found in several inflames to be equal to the value of the goods which have been taken as prize from the French, and thereby the captors have Jo far loft the benefit of their prizes; which difcouragement bath often induced captors to carry their prizes direlfly to foreign parts, to the prejudice of this kingdom : therefore be it cna<fted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament afiembled, and by the au-Prize goods, Aority of the fame, That any goods of the growth, produft or after condem- manufacture'of France^ or of any of the dominions belonging nation, may to the crown of France, that have been or shall hereafter be be lodged in taken during the continuance of the present war, and brought £oufe?, under hither by any of his Majesty’s (hips of war or privateers, shall the King's and may, upon condemnation thereof as lawful prize, be land-

louts j	ed

 

I

11757.J Annotricefirao Georgii II. C. |8t	45

| ed in any port within this kingdom, and fecured under the King’s locks in warehoufes provided at the foie expence of the captors, with the privity and approbation, and under the care and infpedion of the commiflioners, or other principal officers for colleding and managing the refpedive duties of customs and excife, to which fuch goods aie liable; and upon admifiion of Duties are to any fuch goods taken fincc his Majesty’s declaration of war a- be paid there-gainft France, into fuch warehoufes, there shall be paid by the captors, or their agents, the following duties only ; which shall exportation.11 not be afterwards drawn back or repaid upon the exportation of the fame goods; that is to fay. For all fuch goods (except wines what duties and vinegar, and fuch goods as arc herein after enumerated) of are payable on the growth, produd or manufacture of France, or any of the dominions belonging to the crown of France, taken as afore-(aid by any of his Majesty’s fhips of war, the half of the old * fubfidy granted by the ad of tonnage and poundage paffed in the twelfth year of the feign of King Cbarlts the Second; and Jt c. 1. c. 4* the whole of the further fubfidy of poundage granted by an ad paffed in the twenty firft year of the reign'of his present Ma- 11 G# >,C I* jefty, being what is commonly called The fubfidy one thousand jf /even hundred and forty feven; and for the like goods if taken by by privateov any private (hip of war, the half of the faid old fubfidy, and no more; which duties shall be'colleded, paid and applied in the Cuftomary aflame manner, and to the fame purpofes, whereunto they are Jrranc^anb-by law appropriated, fubjed neverthelefs to the cuftomary and made!" l° legal difeounts and abatements, and allowances for damage; Duties on and for every ton of French wine and French vinegar taken as French wine aforefaid, either by his Majefty's fhips of war or privateers, the am* vinegar. fum of three pounds; and fo after the fame rate for any greater or leflfer quantity; to be paid into the receipt of his Majefty’g exchequer, as part of the duties arifing by an ad palled in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, lgQ # An a8 for granting to his Majtfiy several additional duties upon all tdines imported into Great Britain; and for raifing a certain fum of money by annuities and a lottery, in manner therein mentioned\ to be charged on the faid additional duties.

l£ And be it further enaded by the”authority aforefaid, That Dutytobepakf the half of the old fubfidy granted by the faid ad of the twelfth ad valorem/^ of Charles the Second, and the whole of the further fubfidy of upon the poundage, granted by the faid ad of the twenty firft year of the 5°°^* c~ reign of his present Majesty, which is direded by this ad to be numcr ca# paid for fuch prize goods taken by his Majesty’s fhips of war; and thehalf'of the old fubfidy granted by the faid ad of the twelfthof Qharles the Second, which is direded by this ad to be paid for fuch prize goods taken by private fhips of.war, foall be payable ad valorem^ and up otherwife, upon the oath of the captors or their agents, upon the following goods; that is to	J

fay, npdn all forrs of woollen and filk manuradures, and hats, handkerchiefs, checks, knives and nails, notyvithftanding the* ; a feme may have been rated in the book of rates of ,the twelfth ;;n1 year bfihe reign of Charles the Second, or the additional book s

 L^OOQle

Anno tricefttho Georgii II. c. 18.

C»757.

cd, &c.

is G. i. c. 7.

lvtifitary qr

How the fame ef rates of the eleventh year of the reign of his late majefty King are to be levi- George the Firft; and that the faid duties ad valorem refpeflively on the goods before enumerated,, (ball be levied and colle&ed by the fame rules and regulations, and under the fame penalties atnd forfeitures, as are direded and preferibed in and by an alt of the eleventh year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, intituled. An act for rating fuch unrated goods and merchandizes as are ufually imported into this kingdom,and pay duty ad valorem, upon the oath of the importer; and for afeertaining the value of aU goods and merchandizes not inferted in the former or present hook of rates \ andfor repealing certain duties upon drugs and rags; and for continuing the duty upon apples; and for afcertatmngihe method ofad-meafuring piftures imported.

III.	Provided always. That no duties or customs whatfoever ftip ftorcs cx- shall be demanded or taken for any prize goods confiding of any empted from military or (hip (lores j any thing in this or any other alt con* duty,	tained to the contrary notwithftanding.

Priae poods IV. And it is hereby further enabled by the authority afbret* taken fmcethe faid. That any prize goods of the growth, product or manufac-declaration of ture of France, or any of the dominions belonging to the crown war> ra*y he of France, which shall be received into any warehoufe in purfu* exported, ance t^jg a<c^ or whjch arc now remaining in any warehoufe in this kingdom, wherethey have been fecured, under the King’s locks, by the permiffion of the commissioners of the cuftoms, shall ^he^utieV11 may> UP°° Payment of the refpeltive duties before diredled of this slA j by this alt (if the fame have been taken since the declaration of war) be exported at any time direllly from thence, either by the captors or their agents, or by any other person or persons, with* out paying any further duty of customs or excife for the fame; and if fuch goods shall have been taken before the faid declara-were takeiTbe- **on war>the ^ame and may be exported in like manner, fore, may be without payment of any duty of customs or excife whatfoever * exported with-the person or persons exporting the fame, giving fufficient fecu-out paying Tity in double the value of the goods, before the delivery thereof exporter eiv- out the warehoufe, that the lame shall be really and truly ex-ingfccurity. ported, and not brought back again or relanded in any part of Great Britain, or the islands of Guernsey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark or Man-, which fecurity the cuftomer or colleltor of the port from whence the fame are intended to be exported, is hereby required and authorized to take in his Majesty’s name, and to his Majesty’s ufe.

Goods taken V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enalted by the out of the authority aforefaid. That if any goods shall be taken out of any warehoufe for warehoufe, wherein they are fecured as aforefaid, to beconfumed home con- jn t^js kingdom, the person or persons fo taking out the fame, pay ^the duties toall ^ Pay UP ren*ain<Jer the duties which would have payable on im-been due and payable to his Majesty thereon, if the fame had portation. been regularly imported by way of merchandize into this kingdom ; and fuch goods (hall, in all other refpelts, be liable to tlie fame reftriHions and regulations to winch they would have been fubjelt, if this alt had not been made.

VI. P rb



if57*1	Aimo tficdirti<r Georgii It c. tg.	47

VI.	Provided ncverthelefs, That nothing in this ad (halt ex- Damaged tend, or be confirmed to extend, to charge any wine with thebe- "p^|fcg,vei1 fore-mentioned duty of three pounds per ton* which ftnril at the j^jn^s 0flj. time of landing the fame be damaged, corrupt or untnerdiaftta- cen, not liable ble, and which shall be given up by the captors or their agents, to the duty ot to the officers Of the cuftoms* to be publickly fold, iit order to P*1*t0,u be diftilled into brandy, or to be made intovinegar, in the manner direded by an aid parted in the twelfth year of the rcigrt of „g. t.c. il# his late majefty King George the Firft, intituled, An act for the improvement of bis Majeflfs revenues if cuflomsy excife and inland

duties.

VII.	Provided alfo* That nothing in this ad contained shall Thedatiea extend, or be conftrued to extend, to leflen or any ways alter fhtf payable on duties Which by law ahre due and payable upon goods that are fhe

growth, produd or manufadure of any other country or place, fhe^ou^triet except France and the dominions belonging to the crown of n(jt altered by France, which may be taken as prize and condemned in tfxia this ad. kingdom.

CAP. XIX.

dn aft for granting to bis Majesty fyveral rates and duties upon indentures, leafes, bonds and other deeds \ and upon news paperJ, adniertifements and almanacks \ and upon fa cences for retailing wine\\ and upon coals exported to foreign f parts 5 and for applying y from a certain timef the fame of money ariftng from the furplus of the duties on licences for retailing fpirituous liquors \ and for raiftng the fum 0/ three millionsy by annuities, to be charged on the fatd ratify duties and Jums of money \ and for making perpetual an aft made in the second year of the reign of bis present Ma± jtfty, intituled, An act for the be ter regulation of attbr-nies and folidtors \ and for enlarging the time for filing affidavits of the execution of cohtrafts of clerks to attornies and folidtors \ and alfo the time for payment of the duties omitted to be paid for the indentures and contra fts of clerks and apprentices.

Mojl gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majeflfs moft dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament ajfembledy towards raiftng by the mofi eafy means the necejfary fupplies to defray your Majeflfs pub-lick expences, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majefly the several rates and duties, and fums of money herein after mentioned $ and do mofl humbly befeech your Majfly that it may be enafted'\ and be it enaded by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and conlcnt of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament

aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and A . .. .

J	J	.a	Additional

attcr duties

 L,ooQle

Anm> tricdfimo tool! <w*ILc. tgu [?

afterthe fifthixysofbneshfeoftod fcveti fevctv, there^lbatl berai kd* levied, collefted and fn^throuja^obt the J^^Ac^otGrearBtitam^onto and for the«(i^*bwi/la}e-> r fly^hisheurs-and fucceflors, ">y*	/	.c	->^f	-

*	j v. .	•	.	•-	7	L.iii	j \ ^	.	'	i.*-.	:

iadentum. for cvetyririrt or pieceofveWom or parchment, or (be**1 or ' kafes, bonds piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrofled, written iii< primed^ and oU^jc in Great ffrmnw^any kidenture, leafe, bond or othtmdfced, for deeds* > winch-a (lamp dity of fix pence repayable, byvirtbe-of 11 Ann.c. 9. mack ja the twelfth year of the reign bf her late wajefty C^iaeen Arms, over and above all other rates and duties by the fa id a<5t,

. : or-by any other aft of parliament irtlpofed, an additional {lam p duty of one (hilling*	'

Upon news For and upon every news paper or paper containing publiek papers. news, intelligence or occurrences printed in Great Britain, to )pp 10 Ann. c. 19. difperfed and' made publiek, whether the fame be contained in half a (beet, or any lefs piece of paper* or in any paper larger than half a (hcet, and not exceeding one whole meet, over and . above all other rates and dutie^by an aft made in the tenth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, or by any other aft of parliament impofed, an additional duty of one half penny.

Upon adver-	For CVCI7 ad vertiferoent to be contained in the London Gazette

tifcments in or any other printed paper in Great Britain, to be difperfed or ' news papers, made publiek weekly, or oftener, over and above all Other rates and duties by an aft made in the tenth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, or by any other aft of parliament hn-pofed, an additional duty of one (hilling; and,

Upon adver- For every advertifement contained in or publUhed with any -1 ti£ment» in" paper or pamphlet whatfbever, printed in Great Britain,' to be pamphlets, or difperfed or made publiek yearly, monthly, or at any other in-^ periodical terval of time exceeding orie week, a duty of two (hillings.

Upon flieet aU For ev€ry almanack or calendar for one particular year, or manacksj for any time lefs than a year, printed on one fide only of any 9 Ann. c. *j. one iheet or piece of paper, over and above the duty charged ri thereon by an aft made in the ninth year of the reign of her late * majefty Qjueen Anne, an additional duty of one penny.

Upon other al- For every other printed almanack or calendar for any one par-nunadu. ‘ ticular year, over and above , the duty charged thereon by the faid aft, an additional duty of two perice; and,

Upon alma- For every almanack or calendar made to ferve for several years, ' sacks to ferve the faid several additional duties for every fuch year; and, for several For every piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or piece of Upon licences P*Pcf*00 ^biCh shall be ingrofled, written or printed any licence forretailing for retailing of wine, to be granted to any person who shall not wine, where takeout, either a licence for retailing of fpirituous liquors, or a no other H- licence for retailing of beer, ale or other excifeabte liqaors, over cence i*ofc6pQn(} a]j other rates and duties payable by virtue of anyfbr-‘ mer aft or sifts of parliament, impofing any duties onftampt vellum, parchment and paper, an additional duty of five pounds.

Upon licences For every piece'of vellum or parchment, or (heet or piece of for mailing paper, on which shall be Ingrofled, written or printed any li--	.	1	i	..i	cence

1757-j Aiv*> tHcHitw Gtorgii 11. c. 19-	49

cenoeftt jctaftiagof wine, to be grained to any person who Dial! jf*ne# where a lake out * licence for retailing beer, ale and other excifeabfc li-q tsars, bat shall oot take out a licence for retailing of ipmtuous liquors, over and above all other rates and duties payable by virtue of any former ad or ads of parliament, impofing any duties oq ftsmpt felluiBN (parchment and paper, an additional doty of four pou ndis? and,

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or (beet or piece of Upon licences paper, on which, shall be ingrofied, written or printed any li-for retailing/ cence for retailing of wine, to be granted to any person who shall wine, where H-alfo take out a licence for retailing of fpirituous liquors, over Swu^quors and above all other rates and duties payable by virtue of any for- j, taken out, mer ad or adsof parliament, impofing any duties on (lamp vellum, parchment and paper, an additional duty of forty (hillings.

II.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforelaid, That

frqm and after the fifth day of July one thousand feven hun- onreuSSw' drgd £ad fifty feven, no perlcm whatfoever, unlefe he be autho- wmc nniifen^ rized and enabled in the manner herein after preferibed, shall led. fell or utter by retail, that is, by the pint, quart, pottle or galloii, or by any other greater or lefs retail meafure, or in bottles in any lefs quantity than shall be equal to the meafure of the cask or veflcl in wfiich the lame shall have been or may lawfully be imported, any kind of wine or wines, qr any liquor called or reputed wine, upon pain to forfeit, for every fuch offence, the sum of one hundred pounds; the one moiety of every fuch penalty to be to theufeof the King, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or them who will inform for the fame; the (aid penalty to be recovered in fuch manner as the penalties for of-	#	.

fences committed againft any laws impofing any duties on (tampt vellum, parchment or paper are direded to be recovered,

III.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That Commiffioncrs

from and after the faid fifth day of July one thousand feven ftamPs to hundred and fifty feveo, any two or more of his Majelly’s	1

miffioners appointed for managing the duties arifing by (lamps

on vellum, parchment or paper, and no other person whatfoever,

(hall grant licences under their hands and feals, to fuch persons as they shall think fit, to fell and utter by retail in manner afore-	/	.

laid, any kind of wine or wines, or liquor called dr reputed wine whatfoever, in any city, town or other place within Great Bri-tain for the fpace of one year from the date of fuch licences.

IV.	Provided neverthelefs. That if before the fifth day of July Licences one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, the agents or com-granted by for-miffioners authorized by virtue of the faid adt made in the twelfth *ncr roimnifli-year of the reign of King Charles the Second, (ball have granted ^ the * a licence to any person to fell wine by retail for the fpaqe of one term they were rear,or for any term not then expired, the person fo licenced shall grar*e* for.* be enabled to fell wine by retail for the fpace of one year from 11 Car* *•c*

the date of fuch licence, or until the expiration of the term for *5’ which the licence shall be fo granted; any thing in this a<ft be-	-v

fore contained to tjur contrary notwiihftanding,	J	(1	^	^	v

Vol. XXU.	£	 V.	And	*



 L.ooQle

59

Nc\* licence* to be U^ea every year, and the duty paid at the feme time.

Licences to be granted to persons at a di-ftance, upon application in their behalf, and payment oftiuty.

12 Car. a. c. *5 in part repealed.

Anop tric«fitpp GjeoRou II, C. *9*	[1757.	|

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That every person who shall take out fuch licence for retailing wine as i aforefaid, to endure for the fpace of one year, shall take out ar frefh licence ten days at the leaft before the expiration of that year for which he shall be io liceqfed, if he or (tit (hail continue to fell wine by retail, and in the fame manner shall renew fuch licence from year to year, paying down the refpefttve fums due for fuch licences; and fo yearly and every year, as long as ho or file shall continue to feH or utter wine by retail, in marine* aforefaid.

V I. And be.it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That upon application made by, or in behalf of, any person not refid-ing in the weekly bills ot mortality, for a licence to retail wine, the faid comroiffioners for the time being shall deliver or eaufe to be delivered fuch licence, upon payment of the duty payable thereupon.

VII. And whereas, by virtue of an aft made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An act for the better ordering the felling of wines by retail; and for preventing abufes in mingling, corrupting and viciating of wines; and for fettling and limiting the prices of the fame; his Majefly's agentsfor granting licences to fell and utter wine by retailf are enabled to grant fuch licences to persons retailing, wines, on the terms and for the yearly rents in the faid aft mentioned: And whereas it was provided by the faid aft, that the rents, revenues and fums. of money thence arifing, except'what Jbould be allowed for the falaries or wages of his Majefly'sfaid agents, and the officers and minifiers to be appointed for the better carrying on of the faid fervice, which was not to exceed fix penee out of every^pound thereof, Jbould be duly and conflantly paid and anfwered into the receipt of his Majejly's exchequer, which revenue is now vefied in his Maje fly, his heirs andfuccejfors, and is part of the revenue eflablijbed for the better fupport of his Majejly's houjhold, and of the honour and dignity of the ci'own of Great Britain: And whereas his Majejly, for the benefit of the publick, has been gracioufly pleafed to confent to an abolition of the faid revenue, and to accept in lieu thereof a yearly income, equal to the net produce of the faid revenue arifing from licences to retail wine; be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid aft made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, except fo much thereof as relates to the preventing abufes in the mingling, corrupting and viciating of wines, and to fettling and limiting the prices of the fame, shall from and after the faid fifth day otjuly one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven be repealed, and theyearly rents and fums of money thereby payable by virtue of the faid aft on licences to retail wine, shall ceafe and determine.

VIII.	Provided also, and be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid fifth day of July one graruvuglicen- thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, the commifiion whereby -^rUe a?cn^s anc^ commiflionersare appointed by virtue of the faid aft ceafe.	for .granting licences to retail wine, lhall ceafe and determine.

IX. Pro-

spd the com-111 i llion for



rfsy.J Amfotrieifiitoo 6^0'rgii ft. c. tg.	$x

IX.	PrtWh&d afvtfay$. 'fhat this aft, of any thing herein Privilege* of cdtitaiWPd,Hh^H rtof irt any wife fee prejudicial fo the privileges ^^4*^*** of die two univerfities in that parf of Great Arilaih called England* ^ee^c °

or* ettHftr of fheifr, nof to the chancellors or fcholars of the Tame, of ffinilr facCeflortf, but mat they may ufe and' enjoy fucli pri-ai they fia^e heretofore lawfully ufed ancf enjoyed \ any t&tftr feVein cohfaihed to the contVary notwithftanding.

X.	PrfeVidfetf alTd, That this aft, or any thing therein con- p^viWcsof tSWdrf, shall nbt extend to be prejudicial to the mailer, wardens, t|,e rintner* freemen and’ coirimorialty of tne vintners of* the city of London * company of ft* tfo ahyotfeCfciryor town corporate, but that they may ufe and London, re* dnjby fuefh liberties and privileges, as they have heretofore law- f^edtothem. fully ufed and* enjoyed. ,

XI.	^fe^ded nevertHelefs.- That ho perfon, who, from and «	.

ifttf the laid fifthdaV of July one tfioufand feveri Hundred and from {hc duty fifty feven, (halt be' admitted to the freedom of the laid company not to ex-

6f 'dtnlriersot theatyof Eondoo^hy redempnoh only, shall be ex- tend toperfons emptdrffrbib the obligation,pf taxing- out a licence for felling or P^r.ch?fi”¥ urtfeiirt^ Vrin^by relate*, or frbm the'payment of the duties hereby jnCthe (aid wanted on licences to retail wine j but that the freemen only of company, the (aid coiripany, who,have been already admitted" to their freedom, or who from and aFter. the (aid fifth day of July one thou-fatfd ieV£ri hundred and‘ fifty feveri, (ball fee adopted to their' freedom in right of*patrlxVibhy or apprenticeship, shall be entitled fo fr^hexeaijptioni ,

Xtt. provided alio, and be it enafted by the authority afore-* Power 0f the faid, Thdt this aft, or aiiy thing herein contained, shall not in corporation of any wife extend'to debar orhinder the mayor and burgefles of therst. Albans to borough of Saint Albans in the county of Hertford\ or their fuc-graat licences, ceflors'i from enjoying, ufing and exercifing, alf fiich liberties, power’s arid authorities^ to them heretofore granted by several letters patents, under the great feal of England* by Queen Elizabeth and King James the Firlt, for the erefting, Appointing and Bcenfing of three (everal wine taverns, within the borough aforeraia, for and towards the maintenance of the free fchool there ; but that the fame liberties, powers and authorities, shall be arid are Hereby eftabliftied and confirmed, and shall remain and continue in and to the faid mayor and burgefTes, and their fucceflors, to and for the charitable ufe aforefaid, and according to the tenor of the letters patents aforefaid, as though this aft had never been ihade ; any thing in this aft contained'to the contrary inarwwife notwitfiftanding.

Xllt. Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority ^ f4f d aforefaid. That from and after the faid fifth day of July one thou- to be paid an-fand feven hundred and fifty feven, there shall be paid to his Mar nually, as an je(ty, his heirs and fucceflors, out of the monies which shall arife	to

from the new duties on licences to retail wine, by four quarterly Q“t 0faJhey<ju. payments, on the tenth day of October* the fifth day of January, tieton licence* the fifth day of April, and the fifth day of July yearly, in every for wine, year, the sum of (even thouland and two pounds fourteen (hillings and three pence, which appears to have been the neat’an-

£ 2	nual



£2	Anno	tricefimo Georgii II. c. 19,	[

nual produce of the former duties on licences for retailing Wine, i	at a medium of fix years, ending the fifth day	on#

^	thoufand	feven	hundred and fifty feven.	ii	.	li	//

XIV.	Provided neverchelefs, and be it ena<fted byiffid^uthb-H»i Majesty rfty aforefaid, That out of the feverafduties before-gra^rpenfion* payable by virtue of this act for licences to retail

ta the late fty, his hefcs and fucceflors* be, and he or they is and1 are hereby conunitiioners, impowered to grant, by warrant'or warrants under his 6r ^hmx out of the du- fign tnandal, during pleafure, to the fevcrai agents or comtniffi^ wncc^Aae oners for managing the duties on wine licences granted byth£ ^ * faid a<5t made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, and their officers, or to fuch of the faid agents or officers as his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, shall think propel* obje&9 of his or their royal bounty, fuchyearly allowances as hi* Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, shall judge fit, fo as no allowance '	to any fuch agent or commiflioner mall exceed five hundred

pounds by the year, and fo as no fuch allowance to be made to P^nfiont not to aay ot^er foch officer, shall exceed the prelent annual amount exceed a cer- of the falaries and wages due and payable to fuch officers retain fum.	fpedtively.

XV.	And whereas the duties on licences for retailing wine, grant-ed by this aft, are fubjefted to the payment of the yearly fum of [even ihoufandand two pounds fourteen fallings and three pence, as an equivalent for a revenue Vejted in his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, by virtue of an aft of the parliament of England, made before the union of the two kingdoms ^ England and Scotland: And whereas bis

* ‘ '	' Majesty is by this aft impowered to grant, during pleafure, out of the

produce of the duties for retailing wine hereby granted', to tbi agents and officers employed in the coUeftion of the revenue betoby repealed,

„.	certain yearly allowances, which may amount to the film of ibred

thoufand three hundred and ten pounds: And whereas that fiarr of Great Britain called Scotland was not fubjeft to the payment of any part of the revenue ariftng from wine licences fo vefted in bis Maje~ fty, his heirs and fucceffors y as aforefaid, it having been agreed by the fourteenth article of the treaty of union, that the kingdom of Scotland' Jbould not bo charged with any other duties laid on by the parliament of England the uniony except thofe confented to by the faid treaty and ought me\ to be fubjeft to any part of the duties granted by this pte~ fent aft? applicable as an equivalent to the faid former revenue, or too rt . eonftqufau "{hereof} but to fuch a proportion only of the diitiet granted Vbr/o • 7 * i *• by this prefenioft as is applicable to the publixk ferviU\ be it provided andena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That in all cafes where a duty of five pound* is herein before directed to fee paiA on a licenae for retailing wine; a duty of three pounds for licences'to ings and eight pence,^ and no more, shall be paid for a licence retail wine, to retail wine m tliat part aiiOreatBritain called ScotUmd\ rmA that in adbeafes where a duty offourjroundsis herein before directed to be paid for fuch licetice,* a duty of two pounds' thir-» teen (hillings and four-pence, and no more, shall bepqidfor a ,	/,	■	licence to retail wine in that part of Great Britain &alled/>&i/-

and; and that in all cafes where a duty of two pounds is'berciro •	•/	.	*	,	■-,rl	bo-*-

 

l757/\ Anno trioefimo Georgii. II. C. 19.	S3

b^jpre^jfededto be paidforeveryfoch licence, aduty ofonepound fix (hillings and eight pence, and no more, (ball be paid fora li-Ccnceto retail wine in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; amy fotagip.thia a& contained to the contrary thereof in any wife ugtWWteqfoM.

Provided alia, and be it further enaded by the autho-r rity fafpre^id. That it shall and may be lawful for the (aid com- forthe ftamps for nwnagiog the duties on (lamped vellum, parchr impowered td inept and paper, to colled and recover, or caufe to becolleded levy rb« duties, or recovered, for the ufe of hie Majesty, his heirs and fuccef- licences bTtore feeH arrears of rent for licences to retail wine, or of for*- 5 ju|yj I;57# features retailing wine without licence, which shall have been * inqo xttd **t*ny time before, the faid fifth day of July one thousand (^efvbmdeto and<fifty feven; for whichpurpofe, as well as for foe; betterenabling th^m to execute the trulls hereby in them sdi the books, regifters, papers, inllruments, or other writings belonging to the faid agents appointed by virtue of the bid a& made in thetwelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, forgrantlng licences to retail wine, (hall, as foon as con-veweaUy may he, be transferred to the cuftody of the faid com-mifikmtrftfor managing the duties on (lamped vellum, parchment and paper;

XVII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Thc ncw dll_ That for the better and more effedual levying, collecting, ties put alfo and paying all the faid additional and new duties herein before under their granted, the fame shall be under the government, care and ma- management. nagemcAt, of the commilfioners for the time being appointed '

to manage the duties charged on (lamped vellum, parchment and paper; who, or the major part of them, are hereby required and empowered to employ the neceflary officers under them for that purpofe; and to caufe fuch new (lamps to be provided to denote the faid several duties, as shall be requifite in that behalf, and to do all other things neceflary to be done for putting, this a<5l in execution with relation to the faid several rates tad duties herein before granted, in the like, and in as foil and ample manner, as they, or the major part of them, are authorized to purin execution any former law concerning (lamped vellum, parchment or paper.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enabled bythe^^ . authority aforefaid. That to prevent the multiplication of (lamps to p^ovld*-* upon fuch pieces of vellum or parchment, or (beets or pieces of cd to denote paper; on which several duties are by several ads of parliament the several da* impbfed, it shall and may be lawful for the faid commissioners, ties on nlluu^ inftesd of the diftind (lamps direded to be provided todenote the papcr* c* several duties on the vellum,' parchment or paper, charged therewith,. to cdufe one new damp to be provided, to denote the faid feveraldnties oiy.every piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or

piece of paper. Charged with the faid several duties.

XIX.	And be it further enwfted by the authority aforefaid, indenture*. Thstoll vellum, parchment and fcwpcr, upon which any inden- icafes, bonds, lure; leafe, bond or other deed, by this ad charged with a duty &c. charged

E j	of

£4	Anno	tricefimoGeorgn IL c. tg

with a duty of of one (Wiling, (hail, from and after the (>i4 fifty day of jfe/y is. to be one thousand foven hundred and fifty fcqen, jbe ingrqped, writ-brought to the jen qt printed, shall be brought to the head office for damping office to be or making vellum, parchment and paper; and the fad wmrraf-fioners by themfelves, or by their officers employed under them, shall forttiwith, upon demand to them made; by any" period or persons, from time to time, damp or marie any. quantities dr parcels of vellum, parchment or paper, to be ufcd for the pur* pofe of ingroffing, writing, or printing (uch indentures; lwfcs, bonds and other deeds, he or they paying to the receiver general of the damp duties for the time being, or his deputy oar clerk, the several duties payable for the fame by virtue of this a&; which (lamp or mark to be put thereupon in puffoance of this aft, shall be a fufficient difcharge for the duty hereby payable for the vellum, parchment or paper fb damped or marked.

XX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid commiffipners for the time being, shall take care that the several parts of the kingdom of Great Britain, (hall, from time to time be fufficiently turnifiied with vellum, parchment and paper, damped and marked as by this 3ft is direfted, to the end that the fubjefts of his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-ceflors, may have it in their eleftion, either to buy the fame of the officers and persons to be employed by the (aid commiffion-ers at the ufpal and mod common rates above the faid duties, or to bring their own vellum, parchment or paper, to be ftamp* ed and marked as aforefaid.

XXI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the price of fuch damped vellum, parchment or paper, shall be yearly fet, and (uch price marked, and fach allowance made on present payment of the faid duties, for afiy quantity of the faid vellum, parchment or paper, fo to be fold, in fuch manner as by any former law relating to damped vellum, parchment or paper, is direfted.

XXII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. Stamps may That fuch damps as the faid commifiioners are hereby direfted bC ***? and and authorised to provide and ufe, shall and may be altered and renewe . renewed, in fuch manner, as any other damps on Vettpm,

parchment or paper, are, by any former law relating toftamped vellum, parchment or paper, direfted to be altered and renewed ; and that all persons who (haH have in their cuftody orpof-feffion, any vellum, parchment or paper,* marked with the damp or mark which shall be fo altered or renewed, or on which, «	being already damped with a damp denoting any former dyty,

a new damp is hereby direfted to be impreifed, shall have the like remedy and allowance as by "any former law. relating to damped vellum, parchment or paper, is in like cafesthreafted. Duties to be XXIII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefoid, paid to the That the several duties herein before granted, (hal$ be paid receiver gene- from time to time into the hands of the receiver general, for ral oi the the time being, of the duties on damped vellum, poach-



da nipt.

Corami flion-ers to take care that all parts be fuffi-ciently fur-niffied with damps.

Prices of damps to be fet yearly, and marked ; and the ufual allowance made for

prompt payment.

flumps

merit and paper* who lhaU fceep a feparate and account

oi



Annio tricdSmo GEofcGii II. c. ig;	55

trf the fevtfal fate's UAd duties, and pay the fame (the neceflary and paid by

charges of raifing, paying and accounting for the fame, being him into the

deduced) Into the receipt of the exchequer, for the purposes cxcbequer,

herein after expreifed, at fuch time, and in fuch manner, as any

Fotmet duties, on ftamped vellmti, parchment or paper, are di-

lifted m be paid; and that in the office of the auditor of the

laid receipt Ih^ll be provided and kept a book or books, in which

all the monies arifing from the faia several rates and duties, and

paid into the faid receipt as aforefaid, shall be entered feparate

indapart from all other monies paid and payable to his Majesty,

bis heirs or fucceflo'rs, upon any account whatfoever ; ana the Theft duties.

faid money fo paid into the faid receipt of exchequer as afore-	of

hid, ftfbjeft to the payment herein before directed to be made a un *

thereon, shall be part of the Fund eftablifhed by this aft, for

the (feveral purposes in this aft mentioned.

XXlVi And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid* Commiflion-*rhat the faid corAmiffioners, and all other officers who shall be ers and other employed in the collection or management of the faid several °fficefs to °~ duties herein before granted, shall in the execution of their offi- aln'of the ces, obferve aAd perform fuch rules and orders, as they refpec- treasury. tivdy shall Front time to time receive from the commissioners of the treasury, or the treasurer of the exchequer for the time be- ^ ing-9 and that no fed or reward shall be taken or demanded ^enbythem, by any fuch commissioners or officers from any of his Majesty’s y fubjefts, for any matter or thing to be done in purfuance of this aft; and in cafe any officer employed in the execution of this aft, in relation to the faid duties, shall refufe or negleft to do or per- fwe|c*™ form any matter or thing by this aft required to be done or per- mage* occ*-formed oy him, whereby any of his Majesty’s fubjefts shall or may fio„td in tie. fulfain any damage whatfoever, fuch officer fo offending shall of duty, be liable by any aftioft to be founded on this ftatute, to anfwer to ibd party grieved all fuch damage, with treble cofts of fuit.

XXV. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, commiflioo-That the faid commissioners, and their officers, shall be fubieft ers and officers to fuch penalties and forfeitures for any breach of the truft in liable tope-them repofed, or for diverting or mifapplying the money re- nald«» &c. ceiled in^purfuance of this aft, as by any former law relating to (lamped vellum, parchment or paper are inflifted ; and that all application of jwweft, ptovifions, articles, claufes, diftribution of penalties monies, and forfeitures, and all other matters and things preferibed or Powers, &c. appointed by any former aft or afts of parliament relating to the of former aft* duties on vellum, parchment and paper. On which any inden-	to

ture, leafe, bond, or other deed, shall bejngroffed, written ^ tended to"tbit printed, of to the rates and duties on news papers and adver-a&, tifements, and almanacks, and not hereby altered, dial! he in foil force and effeft, With relation to the additional duties here* byjmpofcd, and shall be applied and put in execution for the raifing, IcVyirtgy collefting and fecuring the faid additional and new rates and duties hereby impofed, according to the true in-ten^ and meaning of this aft, as fully, to all intents and purpofes, as if.the fame had feverally and refpeftively been hereby

E 4 .	en-

Anno tricesimo Gborgii II. c. 19,	[1757.

entded, ^ith relation to tbe faid additional and rewrites &4 duties toreby impofed.	'	^	,

XX Vf. And'for prevehiihg a diminution of the revenue orijing from tbi duties payable on almanacks. by fubjeCUng the venders ofun-Jdamped almanacks to the fame penalties as by an oft modem the fix-Uinth year of bis present Majefiy's reign, are inflicted on the vendtrt of unfiamped news papers; be it enacted by the authority afore-16 G.i.c. *6. wid, That every person who, from and after the faid nfth da* Hawkers o< of July one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, shall fell, uniUmped al- uttcr 0r expofe to fale any almanack, liable to any duty by this piwi^ment? r or any ^°rmer aft.impofed, fuch almanack not being damped or p	*	marked	as by this or any former a d is direded, every

perfon fo offending fhall, for every fuch offence, be liable to the ‘	fame punifhment as is inflided on any hawker of undamped

news papers by the faid ad made in the fixteenth year of the *reign of his present Majesty 5 and every justice of the peace shall have the like power to convid fuch offender, as by the (aid ad ;	is granted, with relation to the conviction of offenders againft

the faid a St; and every person who shall apprehend fuch of-•"	;	fender, shall be intitled to the like reward, as by the faid ad is

granted for the apprehenfion of offenders againft the faid ad.

XXVII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. Penalty of That if any perfon, from and after the faid fifth day of July one

thoufand /even hundred and fifty feven, shall counterfeit or ~~ *	*	or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any feal, (lamp

k, to refemble any feal, flamp or mark, direded or allowed to be ufed by this or any other ad of parliament for the purpofe of denoting the duties by this or any other ad of parliament granted, or shall counterfeit or refemble the impreffion of the feme, wirh an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs fcnd fucceffors, of any of the faid duties 5 or shall utter, vend or fell, any vellum, parchment or paper liable to any ftamp-duty, with fuch counterfeit ftamp or mark, knowing the fame to be counterfeit; or shall privately and fraudulently life any feal, ftamp or mark, direded or allowed to be ufed by this or any other ad of parliament relating to the (lamp-duties, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors* of any of the faid duties; eveiy person fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convided, fnaH beadjudged a felon, and shall fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

XXVIII.	And whereas tbe duties upon coals exported to foreign parts in Britifh veffels, are lefs than tbe duties payable m coals carried cm ft wife, to be ufed in this kingdom, whereby foreigners may be fupplkd therewith at a lefs expence than the fubjeCfs of this realm, to tbe great'prejudice of the trade and manufactures of this kingdom; and an additional duty on coals fo exported, will be a proper aid to be

Additional	grantedtohis Majesty,for the purpofe s of this ad; be it enaded

edfr	% the authority aforefaid, That from and after the feid fifth day

foreign parts, ^ Julytsidv rhotffand feven hundred and fifty (even* there (hall

not belonging he raHed, ’levied, colleded ind paid to his Majesty, liis heirs and

to the Britifh iucceflbrs/fbr everychaldron of coals, Nexvcajtie ACafhre, which dominion*. ^



1757*1 Anno trioofimo GsqRGH IL c* 19*	57.

(htU be (hiptiorexportation to^gfly > part beyond r the feat, ex-, cept to Ireland', the IJle of Man, or his Majfefty’s plantations, ail s|Mitional thtty of four shillings, ,and after the iam^ rate for any greater oTJefc quantity, over artd above the present duties no# payabte for the feme; which faid additional duty hereby grants ‘ ed^'fhall be railed, levied, collected and paid, in the fame manner, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, and by foch rules, nays and methods, as the former duties payable to his Majesty tipdh theexportationof coals, are railed, levied; collected and paid, xa fully^ and to all intents and purpofes, as if the several daofes,powers, directions, penalties and forfeitures relating thereto,t;were particularly repeated, and again enaCted in the bbdyof Ibis present aCt XXIX* And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. Book to be ThatJn the office of the auditor of the receipt of the exchequer, kePt by tbe a book or books shall be provided and kept, in which all the entering the monies anting from the faid additional duty, and paid into the raid duties ibid receipt, mall be entered feparate and apart from all other feparateljr. monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflbre, upon any account whatfoever; and the faid money fo arifing The faid da-from the faid additional duty, and paid into the faid receipt of ** P"* /exchequer, shall be part of the fund eftabliQied for the feveralor * purposes herein after mentioned.	f	•

XXX.	And whereas by an aft made in the fixt tenth year of the jtecital of reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An aCt for repealing certain daufes in two duties an fpirituous liquors, and on licences for retailing the	of 16 Geo*

fame; and for laying other duties on fpirituous liquors, and*,c* 8*aiMi 00 licences to retail the faid liquors 5 the sum of twenty /hillings C’,4# yearly is directed to be paid by every person retailing juch liquors (except as is therein excepted) to be granted in the manner mentioned in the faid aft: and whereas by an aft made in the fame session of parUament, intituled, An aCt for repealing the several rates acid duties Upon victuallers and* retailers of beer and ale, within the cities of London and IVeftminftcr, and the weekly bills of morta* fity; and for transferring the exchequer bills unfatisfied there*-npon, to the duties for licences to fell fpirituous liquors and flroitg waters, by retail; and alfo for enabling his Majesty to raifc a fum: of money, for the fervice of the year brie fhoiifahd feVeo hundred and forty three, to be further charged on the faid duties for licences; it was amongfl othoe things enabled. That from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thoufdnd fiven hundred and forty three, the several rates and duties impofed by an aft made in the twelfth year of the reign of bis late majefty King George the Firft, upon all victuallers and retailersof beer and alt, within the cities of London and Weftminfter, and the weekly bills of mortality, Jhoutd ceafe and determine, and be no longer paid; and U was thereby alfo enabled. That from and aftet the faid twenty fourth day of June the principal Jum of four hundred and eighty one thsufand four hundred poundi, its exchequer bids, part ef. tbt fum of five hundred1 thop/and'poundsj advanced by the governor and company (ftbelmief ^England, at.dninter/Ji aft a* the raft of three pounds "	per.

5I	Anno	tricefimo Georgii IT, c. 19.	[1757;

per centum per annum, which exchequer bills had been made forth tnpurfuance of the faid aft made in the twelfth year of the reign of bn faid late Mojejly, and then remained unfatisfied ana undifeharged, together with tie interejl thereupon, and the charges of circulating the fame, Jhould be transferred from the faid rates and duties then charged with the fame, and be charged, together with the sum of five hundred eighteen ihoufand fix hundred pounds direfted to be raifed bp tie afore recited aft made in the fixteenth year of his present Maje* Ilfs reign, upon the 'duties granted by the faid other aft of partiet-ment made in the fixteenth year of his present Majejlfs reign: and whereas by an aft made in the nineteenth year of the reign of bis )9Geo.».c.6. present Majefiy, intituled, An a <51 for eftabiiihing an agreement with the governor and company of the bank of England, fotf cancelling certain exchequer bills upon the terms therein mentioned 5 and for obliging them to advance the sum of one million upon the credit of the land tax and malt duties, granted to his Majeftv for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and forty fix; reciting,, that in pur fuance of the faid recited aft made in the fixteenth year of his present Majejlfs reign, the faid fum of four hundred eighty one tnoufand four hundred pounds» in exchequer bills, as alfo the faid further fum of five hundred eighteen thousand fix hundred pounds, amounting together to the'principal fum of one million were charged upon the faid duties arifing from licences as aforefaid, at an interejl after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum ; and that the faid exchequer bills, by paying off part of the faid principal films, did then amount 1o no more than toe principal fum of nine hundred eighty fix thousand eight hundred pounds \ and alfo reciting, that the faid governor and company of the bank of England were willing and contented that the faid fum of nine hundred eighty fix thousand eight hundred pounds, in exchequer bills* remaining unfatisfied on the faid duties payable for licences to fell fpi-rituous liquors by retail, might be cancelled and difeharged, and in lieu thereof to aceept of an annuity of thirty nine thousand four hundred and Jeventy two pounds, being the interejl on the faid fum, at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, to be charged on the fame fe-eurities: and further reciting, that the faid governor and company were alfo willing, upon the terms by them propofed, to advance and pay into the receipt of his Majejlfs exchequer, for the fervice of the year one thoufandfeven hundred and forty fix* the sum of one million, upon the credit of the rates and duties ana ajjeffments arifing by the malt and land tax, granted for the fervice of the faid year, at four pounds per centum per annum, for exchequer bills to be iffued for that purpofe, it was thereby enafted, That all the faid exchequer bills charged upon the faid duties, Jbould be difeharged, cancelled and made void, and the interejl thereof \ together with the charges of circulating the fame,, Jhould bo fully cleared and pair off \ and that in lieu of the faid principal Jam of nine hundred eighty fix thousand eight hundred pounds, in exchequer bills, the faid governor and company Jhould be in-titled to have and receive at his Majejlfs exchequer, one annuity or yearly fum of thirty nine thousand four hundred and feventy two pounds, being dfter the rate of four pounds per centum per annum.

 

*757*1 Anno tricesimo Georgii If. c. 19.

and upon the find principal fum tp be paid in the manner mentioned in tbfi faid aft, till the redemption thereof bp parliament, with fuch prove-fives for mating good the deficiencies of the faid rates and duties at era in the faid ait contained; and whereas by another aft made in the _ twentieth year of the reign of his present Majejly, intituled, An a A1 for granting a duty to his Majesty to be paid by diftillers, upon licences taken out by them for retailing fpirituous liquors 5 the fivatal diftillers within the cities of London and Weftminfter, bo-rough of Southwark, or weekly bills of mortality, are permitted to take out yearly licences, for retailing fpirituous liquors, upon payment of five pounds for every fuch licence: and whereas by an at1 made ancJ m the twenty fourth year of the reign of his present Majejly, inti* c< ^ tuied, An aA for granting to his present Majesty an additional duty upon fpirituous liquors, and upon licences for retailing of the fame 9 and for repealing the aA made in the twentieth year of hit prtfent Majefty’* reign, intituled. An a& for granting a dutV . to Iris Majesty to be paid by diftillers, upon licences to be taken out by them for retailing fpirituous liquors; and for the more effectual reftraining the retailing of diftilled fpirituous liquors ; and for allowing a drawback upon the exportation of Britijb made fpirits; and that the parirn of Saint Mary le Bon in the county of Aftddlefe* shall be under the infpeAion of the head office of exoife; it is enabled, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and fifty one, the faid duty of five pounds payable by every di/liller for a licence to fell fpiri-4ueus liquors by retail, Jhall ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid; and that in lieu of the faid duty, an additional duty of twenty /hillings per annum, fbould he paid for every licence to be taken out for retailing fpirhuons liquors: and whereas tie faid laji mentioned duty, not being by the laji mentioned aft appropriated, is fubjeft to the dif-pofition of parliament: and whereas the faid feyeral duties of twenty Jhillings, and twenty f hillings, for yearly licences, to retail fpirituous, have soot been paid into the receipt of his Majejly s exchequer, diftinfthy andapartfoomeacbother, hut an afeou%t thereof bath been kept as if the fame were confoli dated, and the furplus of the faid duties fo united, after referwng fufficient to pay the annuity due to the bank of England on the credit of the firft of the feud duties, which is how, in . confequente of on a ft made in the twenty third year of the reign of his present Majejly for reducing the rates of interefi of the several annuities therein mentioned, reduced to the yearly fum of thirty four tboufand five hundred and, thirty eighty pounds, and will in confe-quenie of the jaid aft be from and after the fifth day of January one theufani ftven hundred and fifty eight, reduced to twenty nine tboufand fix hundred and four pounds, hath from time to timey been difpofed of by parliament for the publish fervice: and whereas the revenue arifmg from the faid fevera( duties ft united, will be more than fafiSfient to pay the faid annuity, and the fecurity of the governor and company of the bank of England, for the payment tlnreof will be enlarged by charging the find annuity, as well on the faid duty granted by the aft• made* in the twenty fourth year of his present Myefty's reign% as on thefoid former duty p anted by an aft

made



ft

Surplus of the former duties on licences for retailing fpiri-tuous liquors, to be kept a-part,

.1,'- *

audio go to* wards paying the annqitteft granted by this *&•

The additional duties, and furplns aiore-faio, appropriated to the

paytaent of the annuities granted by thwart;

V

nr ~' i ' & > ' '

X*' ' '

U'r * •

Confribptors whe ba^paki intg the. bank 15!. percent..

AnnO triccfimo GfcORGti II. c. i£. f 1757#

made in thefixteenth year of bis present Majeftys reign, and it will be for the publish fervice to grant the furplus of the faid duties ft united, for the purposes of this aft, in addition to the fevered rates and duties hereby impofed; be it further ena&ed by theauthqritjf aforefaid, That from and after the tenth day of October one thousand feven hundred and fifty fix, the furplus or remainder of the monies arifen, or which shall from time to time arife£ by the faid several rates and duties on licences for retailing fpU rituous liquors, after paying and referving, from time to times at the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, money fufficient to fatisfy and pay the faid annuity due and payable tothe governor and company of the bank of England as aforeiaid, shall at the faid receipt of exchequer, be kept diflindhy and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue ; and the fame shall be and is hereby declared to be, an additional fund and fecurity for payment of the several annuities granted by this a&, in the manner herein after mentioned, and for no other ufe or purpofc* whatfoever.

XXXI. And be it further enadied by the authority aforefeid* That the several annuities which by this ad shall be granted and made payable, with refpedt of the principal fum of three millions, to be raifed in manner and form as is hereafter dire&ed* shall be charged and chargeable upon and payable out of the fe~ veral additional and new rates and duties by this ad impofed on ftampt vellum, parchment and paper, whereon the faid indear tures, leafes, bonds, or other deeds, shall be ingrafted, written or printed ; and alfo upon and out of the faid additional and new duties on news papers, advertisements, almanacks; and alio upon and out of the faid duty on licences for retailing wine; and alfo upon and out of the furplus of the duties upon licences for retailing fpirituous liquors; and alfo upon and out of the faid additional duty on coals exported to foreign parts 5 and the faid several additional and new rates and duties, and the faid furplus, are hereby appropriated for that purpofe accordingly.	1	.

. XXXII. And whereas several perfens have fubferibed towards the faid fum of three millions for the pur chafe of annuities, after tht rate of three pounds per centum per annum, tranfferrahle at the hank of England, and redeemable by parliament; and alfo of annuir ties for lives, payable for every one hundred pounds contributed, after the rate of one pound tvjo /billings and fix pence per centum per * annum; and the faid J'ubfcribers or contributors have, in purfuanee of the refolutions of the commons of Great Britain in parliament af~ Jembled, depofited with and paid to, the firjl or chief ca/bier or cafthr iers of the governor and company of the bank ofEngland,fifteen pounds for every one hundred pounds by them reffectively fubferibed, and are defirous to pay the remaining principal /urns by them fubferibed as aprefaid, at the times and in the manner herein after appointed in that behalf \ be it therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid. That it inall and may be lawful to and/or all fuch refpcdtjve con* tributors who have already depofited with or paid to, the faid

calhier

 

*757:] Anno tric^ig^ Gkorgii ILc,?9.	6t

cafhier or cafhiefs of the faid governor and company of tlte bank of towards pur-Englatid, theTum of fifteen pounds for every one hundred pounds chafinganmii-by them fubferibed refpe&ively, to advance and pay unto th§ ^c.* faid cafhier or calhiers of the governor and company of the are tQ ™ ^ bank of England, the remaining fums by them fubferibed rtr remainder of j fjpetfively towards the faid fum of three million^ on pr befeurftheir’lUbfaipT the refye&ive days or times, and in the proportions m thijS a#	-	i

hereafter limited in that behalf j that is to fay, this jum of ten by pounds per'centum, being part of the fum fo remaining, op pr g5u per c#V* before the fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred ai>4 bY 7 July# fifty feven; the sum of fifteen pounds per centum, other pa# ***• P*[ IheVeof, on or before the feventh day of July then npxjt fplJowT ihg; AeTumol'fifteen pounds per centum* other part’thereof, by ,i Sept.# 00 or before the eighteenth day of Augujl then next following* 15^per cem^ the fern of fifteen pounds per centum, other part thereof,, on or ^d10'?a*L1\, before^ the twenty firft day of September then next following; ccovbS^T ’ the film of fifteen pounds per centum* other part thereof, on or December,-.. before the tenth day of November then next following; and thp remaining fum of fifteen pounds per centum, on pr before the twenty fecoftd day of December then next following.	.	.	>

XxXIir. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Coiftritator That every fuch contributor, for and in refped of every pne ifltitled to hundred pounds by him fubferibed, shall be intituled to an an* nuity after Jthe rate of three pounds per centum per annum trans- amrokto, •* ferrable al the bank of England, and redeemable by parliament $ and an khhui-and shall alfo be intitled for every one hundred pounds fo fuf>- ty for life of fcribed; to an annuity for life, after the rate of one pound two ,l*	***

(hillings and fix pence /rr centum per annum.	per cen •

XXXfW And be if further enaded by the authority afore-feid* That'the annuities which shall become due and payable fp thesfeveral contributors, their executors, adminiftrators and afifens, after the rate of three pounds per centum pgr annum, 3I* per cent, fhalT commence and be computed from the faid fifth day of, 7^annu,tie8 cine thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, and shall be paid by hdlftyeariy payments, bv even and equal portions, on the,7S7. 7 fifth day of January and the nfth day of July in every year ; and and to be paid that thd annuities for lives which shall be due and payable, after half-yearly, the* rate of one pound two (hillings and fix pence per centum per b/Ijj^itlCi annum* shall be paid in like manner, by half-yearly payments, half-yearly “by even ^nd equal portions, on the fifth day ox January and the alfo. fifth day of Jufy in every year; the firft half-yearly payment to be made on the fifth day of January one thousand feven hundred and fifty eight, if fuch contributors refpe&ively (hall, on or before that time, hive appointed their nominees ; or upon fuch of the faid half-yearly days of payment, as (haltbe next after the refpedtive appointments of their nominees. ' ',

XXXV.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore-Receipts to be faid. That the faid calhieror Cafhiers of the governor and com-#yen to con-pany of the barik of England who shall have received or shall receiVeaify part of the faid contributions towards the faicj fum three ntHliehr, (ball give receipts in writing to every fqch cjon- .which be 6 - (	‘	.*	i	tributor	a%n*d^v; :





&

Caflrior of the bftnk to give fecurkyi

and pay the toomos kxt6-theejKShequor.

Trtafery to apply the mo‘ ncy to the Cervices voted by the commons.

Contributors names to be entered in books at the bank.

duplicate thereof to be tranfmitted to the exchequer.

Contributors duly paying their fubfcrt] tioas,

crip-

to have fure eftates in the annuities.

and the fame to be tax-free.

Anrto Mcfefirto QkdH&rtt fl. t.	[	if£f*

ttf&tftofr foraflKftrcfr fems^ struf that the tf&Apte td bt fo giVerf fliatt be	by	mdorlfetoent	fhetetfpon	math?,	at	any	tktrt

before the fifth1 Ay of Janucttp one’ thoirfatVd feVerr tluhdred atkd fifty eight, arttf ftdjongfer.

XXXVI.	Provided always. That foch caffiffet or

Stall gtvfe fecufjty to the gdocf liking of arty three o* mote of the cbfrtmrffioriers of the tverfunr for the time being, or the high treafiirer for the rime being, for duly anfwering and? paying into the receipt of his MajeftJ's exchequer for the publfck ufe* aHthe monies which they have already received, and shall hereafter receive; from time to rime*, 6f and for the faid] fam of tftred OliHions, and for accounting duly for the feme, arid for performance of the truft hereby ki them repofed; arid shall frotti tithe to time pay all fudv monies fo received; and account fot the fame in the* exchequer, according to the due courfe thereof.

XXXVII.	And be if further enaded by the authority afore-faid, That it shall and may be lawful for three or more of the comrmrflioners of the treaftiry, or the high treasurer for the titne being, to iflue and apply, from time totimerall fuqh fums of itio^ hey as shall be fo paid iritd the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer by the faid cafhier of cafhlett, to fuch fervices as shall then have been voted' by the commons of Great Britain in this pre-fent fefiion of parliament.

XXXVIIT. And be it farther ehafted by (he authority afore*-faid:, That in the office of theaccomptant general of the governor .and company of the bank of England*fot the time being, a book or books shall beprovided arid* kept, in which the names of the faid contributors lhyll be fairly enterted, which book or books the (aid refpe&ive contributors, their refpe&ive executors, ad*, miniftrators and afligns, shall and may, from time to time, and at all feafonable times, refort to and irifpett, without any fee or charge ; and that the faid accomptant general (hall, on or before the fifth dky of July one thousand feven hundred and fifty eight, trartfmit an attefted'duplicate fairly written on paper; of the faid book or hooks, into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Maje(Vy#s exchequer, there to remain for ever.

XXXIX. And be it further enadted by the authority afore-faid. That fuch contributors duly paying the whole fum fub-r feribed, at or before the refpeftive times in this a6t limited in that behalf, and their refpe<5ttve executors, adminiftrators and afligns, shall have, receive and enjoy, and be intitled by virtue of this a<St, to have, receive and enjoy, the faid several annuities by this a<$t granted in refpe<5f of the fum fo fubferibed, out of the monies by this a<5t appropriated for payment thereof, and shall have good and'fure interests and eftates therein, according to the several proviftons in this a£t contained, as well in refpeft of the faid transferable annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, as of the faid annuities for lives, after the rate of one pound two (hillings and fix pence ter centum per an* numy and that the faid several annuities shall be free from all taxes, charges and impofitions whatfoever.

XL. And be it further enadlcd by the authority aforefaid.

That



ij7S7>) Aano tficeftm* GEOfton IL c. i0l	6$

That as fotoias ftreh rcfpe£btoe> contributors, their rrip*di*w0n compjcN executor*, adirinifoators and affigns, shall hove Qompkfioi tho jng theirpay* payment* of the monies by them rcfpe&ively fuWcribecfc teeord# menu, con. the fowl fum of three millions, for the purchafe ef th^idd fckj*lbutors.to ve»a> annuities, faeh fums, for and in refpedt of fuclu transfer-* na^be^ra^[ rable annuities, after the rate of three pounds pm centun per <m-t t0 theircredit, nut*) in which they (halt become interefted, (hall, from: and afc tor the fifth day of July one thousand fepen hundred and fifty and the fame force, be placed to their credit, and made transferable in thiac to be tranf-books of the bank of England to be kept for that purpofe. # ferrable.

XLI. Provided always. That in cafe any foch* cmm*ibmor»C tributorfc who have already depofited with* or shall hereafter pay totta notduiy pay-fed. calhiers, any fum or fumo of money at the times and ii* ing the wholes die maimer before mentioned, in part of the fums fo by them their fab- ‘ mfpedivefy (ubfcribed* or their refpedlive executors, admaaU-ftrators and affigns, (haH not advance or pay to the faid cafhien {hLtthare ' or ca/hiers therefidue of the fujn* fo fubferibed, at the ticnesanfe paid; ki the manner before mentioned ; then and in every fuch ca&y fo much of the refpe<5Uve fums fo fubferibed as shall have been a&oally paid in jmrt thereof to the faid ca(hier or cafhiers* fhali be forfeited for the benefit of the publick ; any thing in this wGH oootained tp the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftandmgv

XLIP. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid* The dutiee TTiat the feverali annuities which by this a& are granted dndl and funs made payable in refpedt of the faid fum of three millions,	to^be

be charged and chargeableupon, and payable out* of the federal af*nd for rates, duties,, and fums of money* compofiog thefund,hereby payment of eftablifhed for the payment thereof andthefaid>feveral rates, du- th$ annuities* ties and fums of money are hereby appteprilAe& for that purpofe accordingly.

XLin. And be it further enailed by the authority aforefaid^ Contributors That the faid accomptant general for the bank of Englandfan to have credl# the time being, (hall, in a book or books to be provided: antfcj^^P^ the kept for that purpofe, give credit'to the faid rtfpe6Hve contribu^ paid in, tor9, and their refpeilive executors, adminiftratops and aifigns^by them* for the principal fums by them refpedively fubforibed and paid; and the persons to whofe credit*fuch principal fums*(hall brfa placed, their refpe&ive executors, adminiftnotorst and affigns*

(hall and may have ppwer to aflign and transfer the fame, op tj,e famc \>t any part, (hare, or proportion thereof, to any other perfon^or tr«isfarredkte persons, or body or bodies politick or corporate whatfoever, in other book* other books to be provided and kept by the faid accomptant g©~ neral for that purpofe; and every principal fum fo afligned ami* transferred, shall carry an annuity after the rate of three pound* per centum per annum, and shall be taken and deemed transferrable according to the true intent and meaning of thistfcrraWe a<ft, until redemption thereof by parliament, according to * provifo herein after contained for that purpofe.

XLIV. Andy for the more eafy and fure payment of the faid A chief cafhier transjerrabh annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum* and accompr* per annum; be it further enadted by the authority aforefak^. j*nb 8*ncrai» That the (aid governor and company of the bank of England, p^oyed^t the

and bank.

,  

Treafury to ifliic roouey from time to time, to the laid cafbier.

64	Amk> ttfccfime Gsorgii If. c.tg. [1757;

and their fuceeflors, (hall, from time to time, until the bid annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, shall be redeemed as aforefaid, appoint and employ one or more ftif-ficient person or persons within their office in the city pf linden* to be their chief or hrft calhier or cafhiera, and one Qtber fuffi-dent per(bn within the fame office, to be their accomptapt general ; and that fo much of the monies from time to time arif-ing into the faid receipt of the exchequer, from the faid rates and duties, and fums of money by this ad granted and appropriated, as shall be fufficient, from time to time, for payment of the faid annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, (hall, by order of the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the treasurer of the exchequer for the time being, without any further or other warrant to be fued for, bad and obtained, in that behalf, from time to time, at tor payment of the refpedive half-yearly days of payment in this ad appointed the annuities. for payment thereof, be iflued and paid at the faid receipt of exchequer, to the faid tirft or chief calhier or cathiers of the (aid governor and company of the bank of England, and their fuc-ceffors for the time being, by way of impreft, and upon aocount for payment of the faid annuities, after the rate of three pound* per centum per annum, at fuch times, and in fuch manner and form, as are by the faid ad prescribed in that behalf; and that fuch ca(hier or ca(hiers, to whom the faid money ihall from time to time, be ifliied, shall from time to time, without delay, apply and pay the fame accordingly, and render his or their account thereof, according to the due courfe of the exchequer,

XLV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaidr That the faid accomptant general for the time being shall from time to time infped and examine all receipts and payments of, the faid cadiier or cafhiers, and the vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any fraud, negligence or delay $ and that all persons who shall be intitled to any of the faid annuities after the rare of three pounds per centum per annum, and all per-i Tons lawfully claiming under them, shall be poflefled thereof as perionaleftate. of a perfonal eftate, which shall not be defcendible to heirs, nor.

liable to any foreign attachment by the cuftom of London or o~ therwife; any law, ftatute or cuftom, to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

XLV I. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That all the monies to be advanced or contributed by virtue of this ad, towards the faid fum of three millions, on which the (aid annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, shall be attending, shall be deemed one capital and joint (lock; and that all persons and corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the monies by them feverally advanced, for the pur-chafe of the faid annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, or to which thev shall become intitled by virtue of this ad, shall have and be aeemed to have a proportional imereft and (hare in the faid (lock, and in the faid annuities attending the tome, at the rate aforefcid \ and that the (aid whole

capital

Accomptant general to to fped the receipts and payments.

Annuities to be deemed a

turns contributed to be deemed a

joint itock $

 

tj$pJ1	Hhfio tric^fmio GfeoluStt 11. C. tg.	6$

c^hA'bk^iif ft6ck, br'ariylhare 6r interest therein, shall be and may be alffiWaWfellrtd^rsirtsferfkbW as fhft a& directs, and not-jotberwife.	°r

IfDVIIl Trbvided aHo, artd ft is Hereby ena&etl by the J^nu.tiM jc-ttoHty hf&tffidd, That at any time upon one year's notice to beared to j,c prihwcf Iri th£ Londdn Gazette, and affixed upon the Royal Ex- redeemable by cbdkgieM Ditrdotf, and’upon repayment by parliament of thp faid parliament, fonr pTthrdfe rrrillibns, or any part thereof, by payments not left "than fiVfc hundred thoufartd pounds at one time* in fuch manner as shall be directed by any future ad or ads of parliament in that* behalf, and alfo upon full payment of all arrearages of the faid annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, then, and not till then, fuch or fo much oi the fidd annuities as shall be attending on the principal fums fo.	■

pWd off, (half ceafe and determine, and be underftood to be redeemed'; and that any vote or refolution of the houfe of commons, fignified by the fpeaker in writing, to be inferted in th$

London Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange \n London arafortfaid, shall be deemed and adjudged to be fufficient,aotics within the words and meaning of this a6h

* XLVIIL And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, t0 ^ That books shall be conftantly kept by the faid accomptant-jeept for enter-general for the time being, wherein all aflignments or transfers *ng affign-oP the (aid annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum J^s^of pb'anrttan% shall at all feafonable tirrtes be entered and regi(lerT annuities.0 ed; which entry shall be conceived in proper words fqr that purpofe, and shall be figned by the parties making fuch (a(Egn-ments or transfers; or if fuch parties be abfent, by :thcir re.-Method of af-fpedKiteattornies, thereunto lawfully authorized in-writing un- figningand ^ dek their hands andfeals, to be attefted by two or-more cr^*“;tuartf^,c,n^ bl^wttndfes; and that the several persons to whom fuch trank * e art^’ < - < fers shall be made, shall refpedively under-write their acceptance thereof; and that no other method of aligning and trank	*	*

ferring the faid annuities, or any part thereof, or any interest therein, shall be good or available in law.

XLIX. Provided always. That all persons pofTcfled of any Annuities	/

(Hire hi the faid joint (lock of annuities, or estate and interest maX	;

thfcxeth, may devife the fame by will in writing, attefted by two Vllt y or m&rexredible witnefles; but that no payment shall be made Entry to be on any fuch devife, till fo much of the faid will as relates to any mauc tasicof. lhire, eftate, or interest in the faid joint (lock of annuities, be _ entered in the faid office"; and ttat in default of fuch transfer or devife, fuch (hare, eftate, or interest in the faid joint (lock , . ; I of Annuities, shall go to the executors or adminiftrator9 ; and . / • that no ftamp duties whatfoever* shall be charged on any pf ^l^^^t^nrecn-faid transfers ; any law or ftatute to the contrary notyvitli- ab!e on tranf* Handing.	ftn.

L. Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority afore?- -preafurv to * faid, That out of the monies arifing from the contributions to* defray all inwards raifing the faid fum of three mllftrtns, arty three or mowcidnml of \hc commiflioners of the rreafury, or the high treafurcr the tftne* behv>; (half have power to difeharge ?ILfuch .incident;

XXlL	F	charges

 CjOO^Ic

taut general,

to be at the

the b;

66	AnnQ	ttkefimo	Georgh	II.	c.	19.	[*757*

charges as shall neceflarily attend the executioa of this aft, irx and to fettle fuch manner as to them shall feem juft and reafonable;, and alfo the allowances to fettle and appoint fuch allowances as shall be thought proper fK^dC T° ^or ^erv^ce» Pa'ns and labour, of the faid calhier or cafhiers, anVaccorap- f°r receiv*ngi paying and accounting for the faid contributionsj * and alfo shall have power to make Out of the fund hereby eftar blifhed, or out of the finking fund, fuch further allowances as shall be judged reafonable for the fervice, pains and labour of the faid calhier or calhiers, for receiving, paying and accounting for the faid annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, payable by virtue of this aft; and alfo for difpofal of the the fervice, pains and labour of the faid accomptant general, governor and for performing the truft repofed in him by this aft; all which ~'~'^any ot allowances to be made as aforefaid, in refpeft to the fervice, pains and labour of any officer or officers of the faid governor and company, shall be for the ufe and benefit of the faid goverr nor and company, and at their difpofal only.

LI. Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority afore-Bank to con- faid, That the faid governor and company of the bank of Engr rah^HUhe* an(* t^e,r facccflbrs, notwithstanding the redemption of annuities are* or anY ^le*r own funds, in purfuance of the afts for efta-are redeemed, blifhing the fame, or any of them, shall continue a corporation till all the faid annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, by this aft granted, shall be redeemed by paiv liament, according to the provifo herein before contained in that behalf; and that the (aid governor and company of the bank of England, or any member thereof, shall not incur any difability for or by reafon of their doing any matter or thing in purfuance of this act;

LII. And whereas in purfuance of a refolution of the commits of Great Britain in parliament ajfembled, divers performs did fubferibf the fum $f three hundred thirteen thousand one hundred pounds, qnd no more, towards the sum of two millions five hundred tboufan^ founds, by the faid refolution diretled to ,be raifed in manner thereUf mentioned, by annuities for lives, with the benefit of furvivorfhip, or for terms of years certain: and whereas by a fubfequent refolution of the commons of Great Britain in parliament ajfembled, all fuhe Jcribers towards the faid jum of two millions five hundred thoufaud pounds, purfuant to the faid former refolution, who,, infiead of ihe annuities therein mentioned, Jhould choose to accept the annuities pre-pofed by the faid fubfequent refolution, and who, on or before, the fourth day of May one thousand /even hundred and fifty [even* Jhould\ in books to be opened at the bank 0/England for that purpofe^ exprefs their confent, or not exprefs their diffent thereunto, were, upon their compliance with the terms in the fubfequent refolution lajl-mentioned, for every one hundred pounds fo by them fubferibed, intit led , to the several annuities by the faid fubfequent refolution propofed; in which cafe the fums jo by them before advanced, were to be deemed part of their contribution, for the pur chafe of the annuities, by the fubfequent refolution propofed: and whereas fcyctal of the persons fo fubfiribing the sum of three bundled thirteen thousand one hundred

pounds,

 

1757*3 Annotrtetfimo GeorgiI II. c. 19;	67

pounds,, towardr the firm of two millions five hundred thousand pounds, diredled to be raifed on the terms of the faid firfi mentioned resolution, induced by the allowance of three pounds per centum, Subfcribers to Jupulated by the faid refolution to be made to them for all previous the fum °f payments, may have advanced more than the fum o f fifteen pounds purfa’a°n7to per centum, by the faid la/l-mentioned refolution directed to be paid a former re-by way of depofit for every one hundred pounds fubferibed; be it Solution of the enacted bvthe authority aforefaid, That the firfi or chief cafh- commons ac-ieror calhiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, shall reftorc to every fuch fubfenber who, before the to be repaid fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, with interest ihalf have demanded reftitution thereof, fo much moneyas shall !m‘^h °f exceed the amount of fuch depofrt, together w ith interest for money as* ex-the fame, after the rate of three pounds per tentum per annum** ceeds i5t. per from the time of fuch previous payments to the time of foch cent. of the demand ; the faid interest lo be paid by the faid calhier or cafhters out of the monies contributed by virtue of this adh crl t *

LUL And whereas several of the persons who fubferibed towards the faid fum of two millions five hundred thousand pounds, on the terms of the faid firfl-mentioned refolution, may have been prevent-ed, either by abfence or ignorance of the faid laf-mentioned refolu-tiony from complying with the terms thereof; be it enadled by the Time alWed authority aforefaid, That all fuch persons shall be at liberty, if to (ubicribers they think fit, at any time before the fourth day of June one *°the former thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, either to demand refti- ^l^wor tution of the depefit of ten pounds per centum, made by them fubferibe into on the terms of the faid firft-mentioned refolution, which the this, faid cafhier or calhiers is and are hereby required to return accordingly, or to fubferibe the like fums on die terms of the refolution laft-mentioned; and that in the dead of any person or ^lber? persons fo demanding and obtaining reftitution of the fums by ttei^room! him, her or them fubferibed, towards the faid fum of two millions five hundred thousand pounds, dire<5ted to be raifed in pur-fuance of the faid firft-mentioned refolution, any other perion or persons (hall, on or before the fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, be admitted to fubferibe towards completing the fum dire&ed to be railed in purfuance of the refolution laft-mentioned, he, (he or they, paying at the time of fuch fubfeription the several fums then payable according to the terms of the faid refolution*

LIV. And whereas for the greater encouragement of persons to become contributors to the faid fum of three millions, directed by this all to be raifed, it is intended that each contributor Jhall for every otie hundred pounds contributed bealfo intitied to an annuity for lifeafter the rate of one pound two Jhillings and fix pence per centum per Contributors annum ; be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That t0 have an every person who shall advance and pay unto the faid caftiier or cafhiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, 6d. tor every at or before the refpedlive days and time9, and in the reipedive 100I. paid 1*1, proportions herein before direcled, the principal fum of one hundred pounds, or divers entire fums of one hundred pound?.

Fa	for

 L.ooQle

over and a-bove the annuity of 3]. per cent, per annum, to be paid half-yearly.

Cafhier to give to con-t\ibutors, on payment of 40I. per cent, certificates.

68	Anno	trlcefimo Georgii II. c. 19. C1757-

for the purchafe of the annuities granted by this a<5V, fhall, for or in refpedt of every principal fum of one hundred pounds fo to be advanced and paid, be intitled to have and receive at the receipt of his Majeftv’s exchequer during his or her life, or the life of fome other perfon, to be nominated by him or her, or by his or her affigns, an annuity of one pound two (hillings and fix pence per centum per annum, over and above the annuity of three pounds per centum per annum, before by this a6t made payable at the bank of England to each contributor of one hundred pounds; which annuity fo payable at the exchequer as afore-laid, shall be paid by half-yearly payments, on the fifth day of January and the fifth day of July in every year; the firft payment thereof to be made on the fifth day of January one thou-fand feven hundred and fifty eight, if fuch contributors refpedt-ively shall on or before that time have appointed their nominees in manner herein after-mentioned, or upon fuch of the faid half-yearly days of payment as shall be next after the refpe&ive appointments of their nominees; and that the faid cafhier or cafh-iers of the governor and company of the bank of England, fhall, as foon as he or they shall have received from any fuch contributor forty pounds per centum, of the several fumsby them refpe&ively fubferibed, forthwith give.to fuch contributor or his or her affigns, a certificate by hi m or them figned,directed to the auditor ofthe receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, to be printed or written upon cheque paper, and cut out indentwife, through fome flourifh or device, to be contrived by the faid cafhiers, containing the names and N additions of fuch contributors, or his or her affigns, together with the annuity payable to him, her or them, in refpedt of the which may be fum fo contributed ; which certificate shall be aflignable by in-afligned. dorfement thereon to be made and witnefied by two persons at any time or times before the fifth day of January one thousand Counterpart°f feVen hundred and fifty eight; and that in order to prevent the certificatesSro aU(^tor °f the faid receipt horn being impofed upon by any coun-be tranfmitted terfeit or forged certificate, the faid cafhiers shall tranfmit to the to the auditor faid auditor the counterpart of the cheques of all the certificates given by them to fuch contributors as aforefaid 5 upon which counterparts shall be exprefled the number of fuch certificate, the contributors name, and the annuity contained therein.

LV. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the fame calhier or cafhiers (hall, within feven days after the auditor, a the faid twenty second day of December one thousand feven hun-book of the ^red and fifty feven, tranfmit to the auditor of the faid receipt of the exchequer a book fairly written on paper, figned by him or them, containing the names of the several contributors towards railing the faid fum of three millions, the principal fums by them refpedtively paid, and the annuities payable in refpedt thereof, at the rate aforefaid, to the end that the faid auditor may be thereby fatisfied that the full and entire fum payable by each contributor, hath been paid to fuch cafhier or cafhiers; which books shall remain in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt for ever.

LVI, And

of the exche quer,

Cafliier to tranfmit to

contributors names, and fums paid.





1757.] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. C, 19.	69

LVL And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Contributors That every fuch contributor, or fuch other person as shall be to bring their poflefled ot any fuch certificate by this aft direfted to be given certificates to by any fuch cafhier, fhall, before the fifth day of January one exchanged thousand feven hundred and fifty eighr, deliver, or caufe to be tor order8> delivered, every certificate fo to him or her given, to be exchanged for orders to be made out in the manner herein after mentioned ; and shall alfo at the fame time name to the faid and to name auditor, his or her own, or fome other life, during which he nominees for or (he, or his or her afligns, shall be intitled to receive a divi-th® an' dend or fhare of the yearly fund by this aft direfted to be fet a- nuit c,‘ part, out of the faid several rates, duties and fums of money, by this aft granted to his Majesty, upon pain of forfeiting not only the half-year’s annuity which shall become due and payable to him or her, or his or her afligns, on the fifth day of January one thousand feven hundred and fifty eight, in refpeft of every principal fum of one hundred pounds, to be advanced as aforefaid, but alfo all fubfequent half-yearly payments, until he or fhe, or his or her afligns, shall have produced to the auditor of the receipt fuch certificate or certificates, and shall have appointed a nominee or nominees as aforefaid.

LVII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, sucha num-That the auditor 6f the faid receipt or exchequer fhall, as foon ber of orders as conveniently may be after fuch certificate or certificates shall tor certificates be delivered to him, caufe fuch and fo many order or orders 0°^™^ for payment of fuch annuities, to be made out in the excbe- contributors quer for fuch certificate or certificates, as shall be defired by thall defire ; the faid several and refpeftive contributors, or their afligns; taking care that the annuity or annuities made payable by fuch order or orders, do not exceed in the whole the annuity or annuities fpecified and exprefled in fuch certificate or certificates, in exchange for which fuch order or orders shall be fo made out as aforefaid; which order or orders shall be made out upon vellum or parchment, and shall contain the names, firnames, additions and places of abode, of the refpeftive contributors or their afligns, and of their nominees, and the reputed ages and parents of their nominees, with other defcriptions, which shall bed afcertain the person of fuch nominees; and alfo the fame to be the annuities payable during the lives of fuch refpeftive nomi- figned by j nees out of the yearly fund herein after direfted to be fet apart commiflioner* for that purpofe; and all fuch orders shall be figned by the com- °Jrthe trca" miflioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being; and after figning thereof, the fame lhall be firm, good, valid and effeftual in law, according to the purpofe and true meaning thereof, and of this aft, and shall not be determinable by or upon the deaths or removals of any commiflioner or commissioners of the treasury, or high treasurer ; nor shall they, or any of them, have power to revoke, countermand, or make void, fuch orders fo figned as pforefaid.

LVIIL And it is hereby enafted, That in the offices of the Books toh auditor of the faid receipt of the exchequer, and clerk of the prided at

i 3	pelis	the exchequer



70	Anno	tricefimo Gcoroii II. c. T9.	\.l751.

for entering pells federally, there shall be provided and kept one or more the names of book or books, in which shall be fairly entered the names of all contributors, fuch contributors, or their aflign*, and their nominees, during nominees.	lives rdjpedively the feverai dividends of the faid yearly

^ 1	'	fund hereafter directed to be fet apart shall be payable, at the

time when the fame shall be nominated as aforefaid; which books it shall be lawful for the refpe<5live contributors, their executors, adminiftrators or afligns, from time to time, to have refort to, and to infpe& without fee or reward.

Th . LIX. And it is hereby further enaded by the authority afore-fumot^F,75ol. That out of the monies arifing by virtue of this adt, there appropriated fliall yearly and every year be feparated and kept apart at the tor payment laid receipt of exchequer, the sum of thirty three thousand feven of life an- hundred and fifty pounds; which faid fum of thirty three thou-numes. fand fCV€n huncjrcd and fifty pounds shall be, and is hereby declared to be a yearly fund, for anfwering and paying the annuities as afbrefaid, and shall yearly and every year be equally divided among the (aid contributors, their executors, adminiftrators or afligns, during the lives of their refpeeftive nominees, in proportion to the principal fums by them advanced, by two equal half Payment to be yearly payments; that is to fay, on the fifth day of January and made half-	fifth day of July in every year; the firft payment thereupon to

yearly.	be made on the fifth day of January one thousand feven hundred

and fifty eight, it fuch contributors refpedtively (hall, on or before that time, have appointed their nominees, or upon fuch of the faid half yearly days of payment, as shall be next after the refpec-tive appointments of their nominees.

LX. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, ^afeupon That upon the death of every fuch nominee, the (hare of the the death of faid fund which was payable during his or her life, shall ceafc the, nominee, and determine.

LXI. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, mrd^oties That it shall and may be lawful to any fuch contributor, or his quotas dur-^ or ^cr executors, adminiftrators or afligns, at any time during the ilig the life of life of his or her nominee or nominees, by proper words of auign-tbe refpe&ive ment to be indorfed on his or her, or their order,to be witnefled by nominees. two persons, to aflign or transfer his, her or their right, title, in-tereft, and benefit of fuch order or orders, to any other person or perfons; which being notified in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt of the exchequer, the officers there shall caufe an entry or memorial thereof to be made in the book of regiftry for fuch orders, without fee or charge; and after fuch entry made, fuch offignments shall intitle fuch affignee or affignees, his, her or their executors, adminiftrators or afligns, to the benefit thereof, arid payment thereon ; and fuch affignee or aflignees may, in like manner, aflign again, and fo toties quoth$\ and afterwards it shall not be in the power of fuch person or persons who shall make fuch aflignmenf, to make void, releafe, or difeharge the ( fame, or any monies thereby due, or any part thereof. u - ^ LXiL And, for preventing all frauds in receiving any (hare the yearly fund hereby appointed to be fet apart as aforefaid;

be



*757*1 Anno triccfimo Grorgii II. c. 19.	71

be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That every con- Atdemandiug tributor, his or her executors, adminiftrators, affigns or agents, ceAffiAte^ upon demand of any half yearly payment of his or her refpedtive *rom in;. (hires 6f the faid yearly fund (unlefs the nominee appears in nifter and person at the faid feceipt) shall produce a certificate of the fife churchwardens of his, her or their refpedtive nominee, figned by the minifter and churchwardens of the parifli where fuch nominee shall be thc nominee then living, upon the day when the faid half yearly payments if refident m shall become due (if fuch nominee shall be then refidingin that England part of Great Britain called England,, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed) or Otherwife, it shall and may be lawful tb and for every fuch contributor, or his or her executors, adminiftrators ot affigns, at his or her election, to make oath of the or {ht famc to truth of his, her or their rfefpedtive nominee’s life upon the day be certified,on when the faid halfyearly payment shall become due, before one oath, before a or more juftices of the peace of the refpeflive county, riding, iulticc» city, town or place, wherein fuch perfon, at the time of making fuch oath, shall refide; and in like manner every fuch contributor, his or their executors, adminiftrators, affigns or agents, tvhofe nominee shall relide in any town of ptace, being extrapa- antj ;n pieces fochial, upon the day where anyof-the faid halfyearly payments extraparochial shall become due, shall make a like oath before any fuch justice or juftices aforefaid, of the life of fuch nominee on that day (which oath the faid justice or juftices of the peace are hereby impowered to adminifter) and fuch justice or juftices shall make , a certificate thereof; for which oath and certificate no fee or re- Thecertifi-Ward shall be demanded or paid; and the faid certificate shall cates to befil-be filed in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt of the ex- C£*in theaudi-diequer.	tor* office.

LXIII. And be it further enafled by the authority aforefaid, Penaltyofma-That if any person shall be guilty of a falfe oath, or shall forge king a falfe any certificate touching the premifles, and be thereof lawfully oath, or forg-convi&ed, fuch person mall incur the pains and penalties infli<5t- * ccrt’fi* ed upon persons committing wilful perjury and forgery.	cate *

LxIV. And be it further ena<5ted by the authority aforefaid, ^om;ne^e That in cafe any nominee (hall, at the time of fuch demand, be jng refidertt"ia refident in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, or in the Scotland, or kingdom of Ireland, and any one or more of the barons of the Ireland, ba-exchequer there for the time being shall certify, that upon to him or them made (which proof he and they is and are hereby to^rant ccr* authorized and required to take in a fummary way) it doth feem tificatcs} jprobable to him or them that the faid nominee is living (whioh certificate is to be given on examination made without fee or charge) the faid certificate being filed as aforefaid, shall be a fuf-ficient warrant for making the faid half yearly payment *0 the refpe<ftive contributors, their executors,adminiftrators or affigns; and in cafe any fuch nominee (hall, at the time of fuch demand, be jf refident in refident in any parts beyond the feas, the proprietors of all fuch foreign parts, orders, or their agents, shall produce certificates of the life of his, the BritiOi mi-her or their refpe&ive nominees, under the hand of the Britijb ni^er> **any» minifter refuting at the plape where any fuch nominee (hail be

F 4.	liv-



Ji	Anno trioeGmo Georgii II. c. 19,	CI757-

liying upon the day when fuch half yearly payment shall become due; which certificates shall be given without fee or reward ; and in cafe no Briujh minifter shall refide at the place where any fuch nominee fliall live* then the faid proprietors of fuchor~ ders, or fuch agents, shall produce a certificate of the life of his, her or their refpe£tive nominees, under the hand and feal of tho or the chief chief magiftrate of any city, town or place, where any fuch qo-roagi ft rates, to minee fliall be then living upon the day when the laid half yearly payment fliall become due as aforefaid; and every fuch agent or agents shall alfo annex to every fuch certificate or affidavit to be made by him or them, before one or more of the barons of the exchequer, that he or they do believe that fuch certificate is true ; which certificate being filed as aforefaid, shall be a fufficient warrant for making the faid half yearly payment to the refpe&ive contributors, their executors, adminiftrators or afligns j and if in anuuvt any Per^°n or Perf°ns shall receive one or more half yearly pay-beyon'dthe^life ments upon his, her or their annuity or annuities, for any time of the nominee, beyond the death of his, her or their nominee or nominees, when forfeits treble the fame ought to ceafe, fuch person or persons knowing fuch nominee or nominees to be dead, shall forfeit treble the value of the monies fo by him, her or them, received, and alfo the sum of five hundred pounds; the moiety whereof shall goto his Ma-jefty, his heirs and fucceflors, ana the other moiety to him or them who will fue for the fame, by a<51ion of debt, bill, fuit or information, in which no eflfoin, prote&ion, privilege, wager of law, injunction, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed. Death of norm-	LXv. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

nee to becerti- That every contributor, his or her executors, adminiftrators or dhor of the ex- a^Sns* within one month next after notice of the death of his.

gi ant certificates.

Agent to annex his tefti-mony to the certificate.

Perfon receiv-

the fiun, and 59CU

chequer,

her or their refpedhve nominee or nominees, shall certify fuch death to the auditor of the faid receipt of exchequer for the time and order to being, and shall alfo within three months after fuch notice, deli-be delivered up, yer or caufe to be delivered up to the faid auditor, his, her, or their order or orders, by which he, (lie or they, was and were intitled during the life of fuch nominee to any (hare of the faid yearly fund, in cafe fuch order and orders be in his, her or their hands or power j and in default thereof, fuch contributor, his or her executors, adminiftrators and afligns, shall forfeit the sum of iTlpCna ^ ten pounds; to be recovered by aChon of debt, as aforefaid, and to 10 *	be had and received for the ufe of any person who shall fue for the

fame.

LXVI. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That all the annuities payable to fuch contributors out of the faid yearly fund, shall be free from all taxes, charges and impofitions whatfoever.

LX VII. And whereas it may fo happen that in procef of time, fcvcral of the funding orders may be loji, burnt or dejlroyed, or may become defaced, obliterated, or incumbered with many alignments thereon, and it may be necejfary that new, orders Jhould be made forth in lieu thereof; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all or ?ny the faid cafes, any’threeor more of

the

Annuities to be tax-tree.





1757*] Anno tricesimo Georoii II. c. 19.	73

the commHfioners of tbfe trcafury now being, or the high trea- Orders loft, furer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treasury for the time being, (hall* and they are hereby impowered, from may bcrenew-time to time (upon certificate under the hand of the lord chief cd; baron, or any other of the barons of the coif of his Majefty’$ court of exchequer, that he or they are fatisfied, by proof upon oath before him or them made, that any f’uch order or orders have been loft, burnt or otherwife deftroyed) to caufe new orders to be made forth at the exchequer, to be made by him or them, in lieu of fuch orders fo certified to be loft, burnt or deftroyed ; and the refpeftive officers in the faid exchequer are’ hereby directed to pay the interest which shall from time to time become due on fuch new orders, as if the original order or orders had been produced; and all fuch payments shall be allowed in their refpeftive accounts; provided that the person or persons intitled to receive the interest due upon any fuch order or orders r^cftcuritr do give fecurity to the King, to the good liking of the person ap- s s y pointed to pay the fame into the exchequer for the ufe of the pub-lick, fo much money as shall be paid thereupon, if the order or orders fo certified to be loft, burnt or otherwife deftroyed, be hereafter produced; and the faid commiflioners of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, shall alfo have power to New orders * caufe new (landing orders to be made forth, for and in lieu of may be iffued fuch orders as shall become defaced, obliterated or otherwife in- 111 |*eu ot cumbered as aforefaid ; which faid order or orders shall be, at ^ced^&c? dC* the fame time delivered up and cancelled, and the new order or or-	1

ders to be made out in lieu thereof, shall be made payable, and delivered to the person or persons who shall appear to be the proprietor or proprietors of the faid order or orders fo to be delivered up and cancelled, at the time of fuch delivery as aforefaid ; and the auditor of the receipt as aforefaid, shall always take Entry thereof care that fuch entries or memorandums be made upon the faid tobemadeoa new orders, as may denote their being made in lieu of fuch de- ^gncwor* faced, obliterated, incumbered or otherwife defedlive orders cancelled, and as may fecure the publick againft any double payments, for or by reafon of the making out or ifluing fuch new orders in manner aforefaid.

LXVIII. And for preventing all frauds and abufes in or about the faid Jlonding orders, or any ajftgnments thereof or the receiving the annuities due or to grow due thereon; be it enacted by the au- Penalty offor-thority aforefaid, That if any person or persons whatsoever shall ging or coun* forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or terteiting, cer-knowingly or wilfully adt and affift in the forging or counter- or oVfratSu-feiting any certificate or certificates to be given by fuch cafhier lently receivl or caihiers, or any order or orders to be made forth in lieu there- ing annuities, of, in purfuance of this present aft, or any affignment or aflign-ments of fuch order or orders, or of the annuities payable thereon, or of any receipt or difeharge to the exchequer, for tfie annuities due or to grow due on any fuch order or orders, or of ?ny letter of attorney, or other authority or inftrument, to tran$-

fer,



No fee to be

taken for re-ceiving or pacing the contributions or annuities,

or ifluing receipts, &c.

Penalty on officer taking fees, mifapply-ing the public money, or o-therwife ne-gle&ing his duty.

Anno trfeefimo Georoii II, C. 1$.	£1757.

fer, affign, alien or convey any fuch order of orders* or to receive the annuities due or to grow <Jue thereon, or any part thereof; or shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly or wilfully ad or arffift in the forging or counterfeiting any the name or names of any of the proprietors of any fuch order or orders, in of to any fuch pretended alignment or alignments, receipt, letter of attorney, certificate, inrtnimem err authority; or shall falfely and deceitfully perfortate any true and real proprietor or proprietors of any of the Paid orders, and there* by affign, or endeavour to alfign, any of the (aid orders, or receive or endeavour to receive the money of fuch true and lawful proprietor, as if fuch offender were the true and lawful owner thereof; then, and in every fuch cafe, all and every fpeh per-fon and persons being thereof lawfully confided in due form of law, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

LXIX. And be it further enaded, That no fee, reward or gratuity whatfoever shall be demanded or taken of any of his . Majesty’s fubjeds for receiving or paying the faid contribution . monies, or any of them, or for paying the faid several annui-• ties, or any of them, or for any transfer of any fum great or fmall, to be made in purfuance of this ad, upon pain that any offender or person offending by taking or demanding any fiich fee, reward or gratuity, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds to the party aggrieved, with foil cofts of fuit; and that all receipts and iflues, and all other things direded by this ad to be performed in the exchequer, shall be done and performed by the officer there, without demanding or receiving, dircdly or indt-redly, any fee, reward or gratuity for the fame; and in cafe the officers of the exchequer shall take or demand any fuch fee or reward, or shall mifapply or divert any of the monies to be paid into the exchequer upon this ad, or shall pay or ifliie out of the fame, otherwife than according to the intent of this ad, or shall not keep fufch books, regifters, or make entries, and do and perform all other things which by this ad they are direded and required to do and perform ; every fuch offender shall forfeit his place, and be for ever after incapable of any office or place of truft whatfoever, and shall anfwer and pay treble cofts of fuit, to any contributor, or person claiming under him, that will fue for the fame, to be recovered by adion of debt, bill, plaint Or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at IVeJiminfter, wherein no effoin, protedion, privilege or wager of law, itijundion or order of reftraint, or any more than one imparlance shall be granted or allowed ; and in the faid adion, the plaintiff upon recovery shall have full cofts of fuit, one third of which fum shall be paid into the faid receipt of exchequer for the benefit of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other two thirds shall be to and for the ufe of the profecutor.

LXX. Provided always, antk be it eaaded. That in cafe any officer of the exchequer (ball make payment of any (hare or (hares of the faid yearly fund of thirty three thousand feven hundred

 

*757-1 Anno triccfimoGeorgii II. c. ig.	7$

dred and fifty pounds, by this adt directed to be fet apart for the Officer unwit* purposes aforefaid, upon any fuch certificate or certificates as tmg,y pay,fn& aforefaid, fuchofficer shall not incur any penalty, forfeiture or ^rtlficates* disability, though the (aid certificate be forged or falfe, or the not to incur find nominee be dead, uflkfs the faid officer did know, at the any penalty lime of fuch payment, that the faid nominee was dead, or that thcr«by. the faid certificate was forged or falfew

LXXI. And it is hereby enaded by the authority aforefaid, Deficiencies That if at any time or times it shall happen that the produce of °* duties the faid fevefal rates and duties and fums ot money hereby granted g^doutofthe for payment of the faid several annuities, shall not be fufficient finking fund, to pay and difcharge the several and refpedive annuities, and other charges directed to be paid thereout, at the end of any or either of the refpedive half-yearly days of payment, at which the fame are hereby directed to be paid, then, and fo often, and in every fuch cafe, fuch deficiency or deficiencies shall and may be fupplied put of any of the monies which at any time or times shall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the fur-plufies, excefles, overplus monies, and other revenues compof-ing the fund commonly called The finking fund\ (except fuch monies of the faid finking fund as are appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes, by any former adt or ads of parliament in that behalf) and fucn monies of the faid finking fund, shall and may be, from time to time, iflued and applied accordingly ; and Occafional if at any time or times before any monies of the several rates ^payment^ and duties and fums of money hereby granted, shall be brought Qf annuities, into the exchequer as aforefaid, there shall happen to be a want to be fuppli^l of money for paying the several annuities as aforefaid, which ?u[.of. shall be adtually incurred and grown due at any of the half- rmlanStund* yearly days of payment before mentioned, that then and in every fuch cafe the money fo wanted shall and may be fupplied out of the monies of the finking fund, (except as before excepted) and be iflfued accordingly.

LXXII. Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority Monies iflued aforefaid, That whatever monies shall be iflued out of the fink- ^JJ^inefuncf ing fund (hall, from time to time, be replaced by and out of the to bereplaced. firft fupplies to be then after granted in parliament.

LXXIII. Provided always, and be it enabled by the authori- Surplus of the ty aforefaid. That in cafe there shall be any furplus or remainder fcfcrvjdfor of the monies arifing by the faid several rates and duties, after the difpofition of faid several and refpedive annuities, and alf arrears thereof, are parliament, fatisfied, or money fufficient shall be referved for that purpofe, fuch furplus or remainder (hall, from time to time, be referved for the difpofition of parliament, and shall not be iflued but by . the authority of parliament, and as shall be directed by future adt or ads of parliament; any thing in any former or other ad or ads of parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

LXXIV. And it is hereby enaded by the authority aforefaid, Perfons fued That if any person or perfons'fhall at any time or times bt filed on this ad, or profecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in may Ple?d the purfuance of this ad, or of any matter or thing in this ad con- sencra 1 uc#

taia*





j§	Anno.tricefimq	Georgii II. c. 19,	[1757.

tained, fuch person or persons shall and may plead the genera^ iflue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence for his or their defence ; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pafs for the defend-T blecofts an* or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become re eco s. nonfujte(^ then fuch defendant or defendants shall have treble cofts to him or them awarded againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

% Geo. j.c.23» LXXV. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, made perpetu- That an a eft made in the second year of the reign of his present a**	Majefty,	intituled,	An	aft for the better regulation of attornies and

folliciton, which was to be in force from the firft day of June one thousand feven hundred and twenty nine for the term of nine years, and from thence to the end of the next session of parliament 5 and which by an a<ft made in the twelfth year of his present Maj^fty’s reign, was explained and amended, and further continued until the twenty fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and forty eight, and from thence to the end of the next feflion of parliament; and which by an a61 made in the twenty third year of his present Majesty’s reign, was explained-and amended, and further continued until the twenty fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, and from thence to the end of the next feflion of parliament; by which the payment of several (lamp duties on the admiflion of attor-nies and follicitors is enforced and regulated, (hall, from and after the expiration thereof, be further continued and made perpetual.

LXXVI. And whereas divers persons through mijlakeycbfencey or fomc unavoidable accident, to the prejudice of infants and othersy have omitted to caufe affidavits to bt made and filed in the proper offices, of the aft ual execution offeveral contra ft s in writing, to ferve as clerks to attornies andfollicitors, within the times limited by law for that purpoJey and many persons maybe in danger of incurring certain difabi-Time allowed kities by fuch omiffions; be it therefore enaefted by the authority to make and aforefaid. That all and every person and persons who have file affidavits omitted to caufe fuch affidavit or affidavits to be made and filed of imfentures as	and	who	(hall, on or before the firft day of Michael-

&c. omitted to mas term one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, caufe one or bedone within more affidavit or affidavits to be made and filed in fuch manner as *s direc^ed bY tbe kws *n being, shall be, and are hereby toed by law. demnified, freed and difeharged from and againft all penalties, forfeitures, incapacities and difabilities, in or by any aeft or afls of parliament mentioned, incurred or to be incurred for or bv reafon of any neglecft or omiflion, in caufing fuch affidavit or affidavits to be made out and filed in fuch manner as is required by the laws in being; and fuch affidavit or affidavits fo to be made and filed as aforefaid, shall be as effeeftual to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had been made and filed within the refpeeftive times limited by the laws in being for that purpofe.

LX XVII. And for the relief of any person or persons, whoy through negleft or inadvertency, hath or have emitted to pay the fever ral rates and duties, or any part thereof upon monies given, paidy controlled pr agreed for, with or in relation to any clerk y apprentice or fervant who hath been put or placed to or with any m yler or mijlrefs

’to





1757*]	Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 20.	77

to learn any profejfion, trade or employment, and to have fucb indentures or other writings which contain the covenants, articles, contract or agreements, relating to the fervice of fuch clerk, apprentice or Servant Jfampt within the times by the several ads of' parliament for thofe purpofts refpeClively limited; or who have alfoy in like manner, omitted to infert and write in words at length, in fuch indentures or other writings as aforefaidy the full fum or fums of moneys or any Time allowed part thereof received, or in any wife diredly or indirectly giveny for payment * paidy or agreed or contracted for, with or in relation to every fuch to^have*" derky apprentice or fervant as aforefaid; be it enadted, That upon bten jujy payment of the rates and duties upon monies, or fuch part of paid on ap-fuch monies fo negle&ed or omitted to be paid as aforefaid* on prentices fees; or before the firft day of September one thousand feven hundred J^n^the in and fifty feven, to fuch person or persons to whom the fame dentures to be ought to be paid, and tendering the faid indentures, or other ttampt, &c. writings, to be ftampt at the fame time, or at any time on or before the twenty ninth day of September one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, (of which timely notice is to be given in the London Gazette) the fame indentures, of other writings,

(hall be good and available in law or equity, and may be given in evidence in any court whatfoever \ and the clerks, apprentices or fervants therein named shall be capable of following and exercifing their refpedhve intended trade or employment, as fully as if the faid rates and duties fo omitted had been duly paid, and the full fum or Turns received or agreed for as aforefaid, had been inferted; and the persons who have incurred any penalties by the omiflions aforefaid, shall be acquitted and dif-, charged of and from the faid penalties $ any thing in the faid former adts to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XX.

An aCl more effectually to prevent the fpreading of the dif-. temper now raging amongji the horned cattle in this kingdom.

WHEREAS the contagious difemper now rages amongfl the horned cattle in. this kingdom \ for the preventing the fpread-ing thereof \ be it enadled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, His Majesty by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and impowered to temporal and commons in this present parliament a(Tcmbled, make orders and by the authority of the fame, That it shall and may be J^c^moviB lawful to and for the King’s mod excellent majefty, his heirs or driring*^ and fucceflors, by and with the advice of his or their privy homed cattle council, from time to time, to make fuch rules, orders and re- from one gulations, or to vary or repeal the fame, as his Majesty in his c°unty or great wifdom shall judge moft expedient and effectual, in Great t0 an0" Britain, Irelandy and all other his Majesty’s dominions there- # unto belonging, or any part or parts thereof, for prohibiting or preventing the driving or removing of any oxen, bulls, cows, calves, fteers or heifers infedted or not infedfed with the faid diftemper, from or out of any fuch cOXmty, riding, divifion,'

hundred.

 CjOOQie

and the faleor life of cattle infe&ed, or of their hides, &c.

and for burial of fuctras thall die of the faid mie&ion, &c.

19 G. 2. c. 5. 10 G. a. c. 4.

His Majefty's order in council of 22 March 1747, confirmed and enforced 5

Obedience to fuch other order as shall be made, enforced under penalty of 101.

Powers given by order of council to juf tices, niagi-ftratea and officers, confirmed*

50I. penalty on perfonsob-ftrufting, &c.

Anno triccfimo Georgii II, c. ao* f1757-

hundred, parish or place to any fair or market, or to any other filch county, hundred, parrifh or place as fhatl for that purpofe be,fpecrfied rn foch rales, orders or regulations; and for prohibiting the fale, difpofitToo or other ufe of any fuch Cattle as shall be infeded with the faid diftemper, or of any hides or (kins, or other parts of fuch infcdted cattle ; and alio for the burial of arry fuch hearts as fhaH dfe of filch infedtious diftem-per, or be killed whUft the fame is fa rnfedtetf, and every part thereof, within fuch time and in fuch manner as shall be fpeci-fied in fuch rules, orders and regulations as aforefaid ; and alfo for the cutting and gafhingof the hide or fkirvof every fuch infected heart, before the burial thereof, in fuch manner as to render the fame intirely ufelefs; any law, ftatute, cuftom or ufage to the contrary notwithstanding ; and affb for fuch further pur-pofes as his Majesty in his great wiftfonr (half judge moft expe-pedient and effectual to put a flop to or prevent the fpreadmg of the faid difiemper.

II.	And whereas his Majefiy hath, in purfuarue of two atis of parliament of the. nineteenth and twentieth years of his Majefiy's rtign9 by bis order in council bearing date the twenty second day of March one tkoufand jeven hundred and forty feven 9 made and efiab-lijhed certain rules, orders and regulations^ for the better preventing the fprending of the faid infeftion9 and putting a flop to the dfiemper9 which rules9 orders and regulations have been found beneficial \ be it therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid order in council, and all the rules, orders and regulations therein contained and inferted (except fuch and fo much of them, or any of them refpedtively, as his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, at any time or times, during the continuance of this present adf, shall with the advice of his and their privy council judge proper and expedient to repeal, alter or vary) shall be in force; and the fame, and alfo fuch other rules, orders and regulations, variations and additions as fhaH be made by virtue of and in pur-fuance and under the power and authority of this present adt, shall be obferved and obeyed by all his Majesty’s fubjedtey during the continuance of this adf, under the penalty of ten pounds, inflidled and diredted to be levied by this adt, for every offence committed againft the fame.

III.	And it is hereby further enadted and declared. That all the powers and authorities given by the faid order of council, or which shall be given by any fubfequent order of council, by virtue of the authority aforefaid, to juftices of the peace and other magiftrates, and to commissioners of the land tax, infpec-tors and other officers appointed in that behalf,, shall be duly executed, and are hereby eftablifhed and enadted, and declared to be as good and valid in the law, to all intents and purpofes, daring the continuance of the faid order or orders, as if the fame were herein repeated and exprefly enadted.

IV.	And be it further enadted, That from and after the firft day of June one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, all and every person and persons who shall by force or threats intimidate.





1757*}	Aano tricefiraa Geqrgii II. c. 2cx

date, hinder oc prevent the faid juftices, magiftrates, commifli-the execution oners, infpe&ors or other officers from executing the faid rules,orders, orders and regulations, or from performing their refpe&iye duties in relation thereto; or vfrho shall enter into any combina-orenteringra* tion, cqnfederaey or fubfcriptkm to difobey the faid ordCr or or- to a combiiuu ders in couneil, or to defeat, hinder or prevent the execution to ^if-thereof, shall forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, to be re- feaC/t^e covered by bill, plaint, fuit or information in any of his Ma-jelly’s courts of record at Wefiminjler% by any person or persons who shall inform and fue for the faifie, to go and be paid to and for die fqle ufe and benefit of fuch person or persons refpedt’rve-ly, with full cqfts of ftnt.

V,	And9 to the end that all persons may Inow how to demean tkemfclves in the prermffet; be it further enadled by the authority Th& ^ ^ aforefaid. That this a#, and his Majesty’s order in council, hi» Majefty’* dated the twenty second day of March one thousand feven hun- order in cornu dred and forty feven, on (uch Sunday in every calendar month ^ of** as the minifter shall think proper, shall be publickly read imme-diatcly after prayers, in all parish churches, chapels and other publickly ui places fet apart for divine worlhip; and that when and as often church on as his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, shall make any rules, Sundays * and orders and regulations, or shall vary or repeal the fame, by vir-tue or in purfoance of this a<ft, every fuch rule, order, regula- hereafter tion, variation an<J repeal, shall be notified and publirtied irt he made, to fuch manner as his Majesty shall think proper, and shall be be read mlike publickly read upon the next Sunday after the receipt of the maniicr-fame, and on fuch Sunday in every calendar month as the minifter shall think proper, during the time fuch rules, orders, regulations and variations shall continue in force in fuch manner as aforefeid, within fuch counties, ridings, divifions, hundreds. Printed copy parifh^s and places as lhall be fpecified in fuch rules, orders, of all fuch or-regulations, variations and repeals for that purpofe; and every d?r?» t^gct£er fuch order, rule* regulation, variation and repeal, together with ^tekep^by this a#* (haU be kept by the minifter of every luch parilh the minifter, church, chapel or place, who shall permit any person refidingfor the ufe of within his parifti, chapelry or place to read the fame, duringthe Panfh*°' the time fuch rule, order or regulation shall continue in force; {^provided*0 and the churchwardens or chapelwardens of every parish or at the parifti plaGe (Jiall provide a printed copy of this act, for the purpofe expence, aforefaid, at the expence of the pari(h or chapelry.

VI.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That it His Majesty shall and, may be lawful to and for the King’s raoft excellent impowered to Majesty, by one or more proclamation or proclamations, to* be ProhjWt by iflTued a* any time or times during the continuance of this a<ft, oc^rfo^anyr* under the gteat feal of Great Britain, to prohibit and forbid all the importati-and every person and persons, bodies politick and corporate on orexporta-whatfoever, to import or bring, or caufe or procure to be im- tJon of horned ported or brought, dire&ly or indirectly, oV export, carry or fend, htdcs^or^Thcr or caufe to procure to be exported, carried or feat, direcflly or part of uu,U indirectly, into or from or out of Great Britain, Ireland, and oeaib. the dominions thereunto belonging, or any part thereof, any

\ . <«>>



8o.

Anna tricefuno Georgii II. c. 2£>.

0757•

ox, bull, cow, calf, fleer or heifer, or any rayv hides or skiQS, or any other part of fuch heart, for fuch time or times, under fuch rules, orders and regulations, as his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, by the advice aforefaid, shall judge moft expedient and effedual to prevent or flop the fpreading of the faid . diftemper.

Where jofticet VII. Andy to prevent the diftemper amongfl the horned cattle be-ln^ fPrga^ Qn^ tncreafed by tanners and others buying the hides and or marLetsfor s^lns °f tnfe^led beafts, it is hereby further enaded, That whea fide of horned the juftices of the peace at their general quarter fefDons, or at ^ cattle,	any adjournment thereof within their refpedive counties, rid-

ings and divifions, shall prohibit the holding of any fair or fairs, market or markets, for buying and felling of fuch horned cattle, every tanner, tawer or drefler of hides and skins (hall, before he brings any raw hide or skin of any bull, ox, cow, calf, fleer Srtan^vard° 01 ^e^er» into ^ls tan-yard, workhoufe, warehoufe or place ufed before he gives for. drelfing or manufaduring of hides or skins, give notice to notice to the the officer of excife of the diftrid in which fuch tan-yard or officer of ex- dreffing place is fituated, and whofe furvey the faid tanner, dttrid*^ tawer or drefler of hides shall be under, and fubjed to, for the and rodii ^me being, and produce to the faid officer a certificate under ^certificate*8 ^ie ^an(* and feal, or hands and feals, of one or more justice or juflices of the peace, or commiffioner or commiflioners of the land tax, redor or vicar, qualified as herein after mentioned, fpecifying the colour of fuch hide or skin, the name and place of abode of the owner of fuch hide or skin, and that, upon examination on oath of one or more credible person or persons, it appeared to the person or persons figjiing and fealing fuch certificate, that the bead, from which fuch hide or skin was taken, was found, and free from infedion; which certificate (hall, by the faid officer, be entered into a book to be kept for that pur-ter in a book. pofe: an(j if any tanner, tawer or drefler of hides or skins, shall KESS bring, or fuffer to be brought, into his tan-yard or tan-pits, or

no tanner is to bring any raw hide into

concerning the health of fhe beaft.

which the officer is to en-

orders, for feits 101.

other place ufed for drelling or manufaduring hides or skins, any fuch raw hide or skin, or shall tan or drefs, or manufadure any fuch raw hide or skin, without giving fuch notice, and producing fuch certificate, as aforefaid, every person fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the sum of ten pounds ; to be recovered, levied and applied, as the several forfeitures are by this ad direded to be recovered, levied and applied.

VIII. And it is hereby further enaded. That all and evety or any of the officers of excife ading and employed in any dii-trid wherein any tan-yard, workhoufe or warehoufe, or place for dreffing or manufaduring of hides or skins is fituate and being, shall and may at all times by day or by night (and if in the night, deftinely * then *n the prefence of a constable or other officer of the peace) brought i«u be permitted, upon his or their requeft, to enter into any fuch tan-yard, workhoufe, warehoufe or place, in order tef fearch for hides and skins fufpeded to be brought and conveyed into th$ fame rcfpcdively, contrary to and againft the tenor and true : *	*	meaning

Officer to have liberty to cpter and fearch for

 

1757*1 Anno tricesimo Geo^gIi II. C. i6.	St

meaning of tMs aft, arid then and there to feareh and examine* orcaufe to be fearehed or examined, any tan-pit, fat or other plater, where ahy fuch hide or skin Is fufpefted to be laid, hid, put or concealed ; and if any tanner, tawer, of other person or perfens whatfeever, Stall obftruft or hinder any fuch officer or officers in the execution of his or their duty, power or authority, given to, vefted in, and required of, him and them refpeftive-	*

ly by this ad, every person fo offending, and being thereof Perfon oh- < lawfully convifted as aforefaid, fhall, for every fuch offence* ftrufting him forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered, appli- forfeit* * ed and difyofed of, in manner herein after mentioned.

IX.	And whereas it is necejpiry to encourage and promote the

breeding of cattle, the number being greatly decreafed by the /taid mortality; be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid. That hjs Majesty, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by advice of his privy by advice of council, to prohibit and forbid the killing or flaughtering of his privy cow-calves in fuch counties and places, and in fuch manner,	*

and at fuch times, as his Majesty, during the continuance of cafionaliy, the this aft, shall judge proper; and all and every person offending killing ‘ againft fuch order and prohibition, shall forfeit and pay the fam calves.

of ten pounds, to be recovered, levied and applied, as other forfeitures by this aft are to be recovered, levied and applied.

X.	And, to prevent any doubts which may arife in the conflruftton Offender a-of this aft, be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That gainft fuch the removal, driving or fale of every ox, bull, cow, calf, fteer

or heifer, contrary to any fuch rule, order or regulation, shall ■ Cl 810 * be deemed a diftinft and feparate offence, within the intent and What ^ meaning of this aft $ any thing herein contained to the contrary deemed a dif-notwithftanding.	tinft and fepa-

XI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, rate offence*

That all and every the rules, orders, regulations and variations,	y

to be made by virtue, and in purfuance, of this aft, are hereby	.

required to be punftually obferved and obeyed by all his Ma- oi^erVpnsklc^ jefty’s fubjefts; and all and every person and persons who shall under autho-offend againft any fuch rule, order* regulation or variation, andrity of thi« — shall be thereof convifted in Great Britain or Ireland, by his, att> enjoined, her, or their own confeflion, or by the oath or oaths of one or	tjr

more credible witnefs or witneffes before any justice or juftices on conviftion of the peace for any county, riding, divifion, city, liberty or of the offender town corporate, where fuch offence or offences shall be com- befoie a juf-mitted (which justice or juftices is and are hereby impoweredtlcc *

and required to hear and determine the fame, and to examine any witnefs or witneffes upon oath concerning the fame) shall forfeit and lofe the sum of ten pounds; one moiety thereof to one moiety to the informer, and the other moiety to the poor of the parish go to the iir-where fuch offence shall be committed ; to be levied by the *o™er> the o-churchwardens, overfeers of the poor, conftablcs, high confta-	1

bles of the hundred* rape or wapentake, or 6ne or more of and tobekvi^ them, by warrant or warrants under the hand and-feal, or tin- ed by diftrefti der the hands and feals, of the justice or juftices of the peaceand who shall convkft fuch offender, by diftrefs and (ale of the goods Voi. XXII.	G	and



Sa	Anno	triocfimo	Georgii	IL	c.aoi [1757.

"and chattels of fuch offender, rendering the overplus (if any be) where no di- to the owner thereof; and for want offuch diftrefs, fuch offen-fende^tobe* ^	be* committed by fuch justice or juftices to the com*

committed formqn ga°l or boufe of corre&ion of fuch county, riding, divi-3 month*. fion, city, liberty or town corporate* there to remain for the Offenders but fpace of three months, to be reckoned from the day of fuch of Great Bri- commitment; and all and every person and persons who Und °to be	°^enc*	a£ain&	any fucb rule, order or regulation, in any

prfnifhed ac- °tber of his Majesty’s faid dominions, shall be deemed, ad-cording to the judged, and taken to be guihy of a great mifdemeanor, and be laws and ufage profecuted and punifhed by fine and imprifonment, According of the coun- t0 ^e laws and ufege of the fame dominions refpe<ftively. ry#	XII.	And	be	it	further enadted by the authority aforefeid,

^eP^defrom ^hat lt	may	be lawful for any person or persons, who

any justice to ^a^ be convicted before fuch justice or juftices of the peace as the next quar- aforefaid, of any of the offences againft this adk, to appeal from ter* feflions,	fuch convicfion to the juftices of the peace at their next general

noticednd^ or <Iuartcr feflions to be holden for the county, riding, divifion, fccurUy.n city, liberty dr town corporate, in which fuch offences shall be committed, he, the or they, giving immediate notice to fuch justice or juftices of fuch intended appeal, and Iikewife giving fecurity to the (atisfaftion of fuch justice or juftices, to pay all and every the penalties and forfeitures, to which he, (he of they, shall be liable by fuch conviction; and the cofts, charges and expences, of trying fuch appeal, in cafe fuch conviction shall be affirmed ; and the faid juftices in their next general or quarter feflions, are hereby authorized and required to hear, tty, and finally determine the fame, upon the merits of the caufe, and examination of witnefs on oath, and to order cofts to be paid as ihall be juft, if they shall think it reafonable fo to do.

The juftices XIII. Provided neverthelefs. That if it shall appear to the may adjourn fay juftices, that there was not fufficient time between fuch the appekUo convi£b°n and fiich quarter-feflions, to give notice to all par-the next quar* ties to attend fuch appeal, that then it shall and may be lawful ter-feflions, for fuch juftices to adjourn the hearing thereof to their next not fubfequent general or quarter feflions, at which they are hereby mined*the required to hear, try, and finally determine the fame; and in fotmer judg- cafe there shall be no determination on the faid appeal at fuch mentto (land next or fubfequent general or quarter feflions, the judgmentand good i con. convitftion or the justice or juftices shall (land and be m full removable by ^orce 5 an<* no	^ertlorari shall be allowed to remove the

certiorari. * ttmvifiion or order of feflions, or any other proceedings thereupon, into any of his Majesty’s courts of record at TVeftmnfigr, . *	'	or of his Majesty’s courts ot great session in the principality of

Wales * or the counties palatine, juftices may XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, liimmon and That it shall and may be lawful for any justice or juftices of the eHaraine wit- peace, if he or they shall be informed, that any person or per-tcHKhing any ^olu can §ive any cv^cncc relating to any of the offences afore-ofthete often- laid* to fummon fuch person or persons to appear before him cea,	or them, and to. examine fuch person or persons on oath in re-

2	lotion

 

*3

and commit fuch as refufe to give evidence 5 and in cafe of an appeal compel them to enter into a recognizance to appear, &c.

Form of con-viftion to be obferved by jullices |

175743	Anno t&cfimo Georgh IL c. 20.

lation thereunto; and in cafe fuch person or persons shall refute or neglod to appear purfuant to fuchSummons, then fuch justice or juftices shall iflue out his or their warrant or warrants, for apprehending and bringing fuch person or persons before him or themj and jn cafe fuch person or persons shall refufe to bfeexamined upon oath, to commit fuch persons to the common gabl or hotufe of corredion for fuch county* riding, divifion, city, liberty or town corporate, there to remain until he* (he or they (bail fubmit to bg examined as aforefakl; and in cafe of any appeal to the general or quarter feflions* to compel fuch person or persons to enter into a recognisance, with condition to appear at the faid genera] or quarter feffiooS, and to give evidence upon trial of fuch appeal.

XV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefeid.

That for the more eafy and fpeedy convicting of any person or perform who shall offend againft this ad, it shall be fufficient for any jufticeor juftices of the peace, who shall convid any person or perfon9 of any or either of the (aid offences, to draw fuch convidion in the following form of words, as the cafe shall happen* or in any other form of words to the fame effed (that is to fey)

Middlesex. A B. is cotruifled on bis, her or their own confejjioft JLJL. (or on the oath of	)	of	having	in	this

kingdom (fpecifying the offence, and the time and place* whm and where the fame was committed)

Given under my (or our) band and feal (or hands and feals) this day of

Which faid convidion in the fame or like form of words, shall the fame de-bc good and effe&ual in the law, to all intents and purpofes, c,ar*d to be and shall not be quathed, fet afide, or adjudged void or infufR* va ld J dent for want of any other form of words whatfoever; and in and in cafe of cafe of appeal as aforefaid, the justice or juftices who shall con-jJPPf5}!’ ts to vid fuch offender or offenders, is and arc hereby required lo the nexTfcin-0 deliver, or caufe to be delivered, the convidion in the form a- Ons,tobefiled, forefaid, to the next general or quarter feflions to which the appeal is made, there to be filed on record.

XVI.	Be it further enaded. That the juftices of the peace juftices to 0I>

within their refpedtve limits of their commiiiions, at their ge- der falaries nerai or quarter feffioo*, or the major part of them then and and charges to there aflembled, within that part of Great Britian called Eng-	e

land, shall have full power and authority, and they are here- cattle, &c. out by required to order fuch reafonable falaries and charges as they of the county shall think proper, to be paid to any infpedor or infpedors, or

other person or persons already employed or appointed by the juftices of the peace, or hereafter to be employed or appointed byothe juftices of the peace, or the commissioners of the land . tax, to prevent the fpreading of the diftesnper amongft the cat-

Ga	tie.

 

84	Anno	triccfimo Georgii II. c 20.	[1757.

tie, out Of the monies arifen or hereafter to arife, by virtue of an a# of parliament pafied in the twelfth year of his Majesty’s reign, intituled. An afl for the more eafy affeffing, collefling and nGto.1c.19. levying county rates.

Commifllon- XVII. And be it further enacted, That the commissioners ers of the land of the land tax for the time being in and for every county, riding tax are to put ordivifion, and who have or shall qualify themfelves to a& as th/oow^r^ "fpetSively, are hereby impowered and required to put in given by this execution all and every the powers and authorities given to com-aa, or by any miffioners of the land tax by this a<St, kt by any order or orders ordcrofcoun- in council purfuant to the fame (except the commissioners of the land tax within the county of Middlesex, and all cities and towns which are counties of themfelves) in as full and ample-manner as the judices of the peace may do within the fame.

XVIII.	And whereas a doubt hath artfen whether commijjioners authorized to put in execution the feveralfucceeding land tax a As, since the year one thousand /even hundred and forty fix, were properly impowered to carry into execution the rules, orders and regulations made by his Majejly in council, and the powers and authorities given

Commiflum- by the fever al a fli of parliament, continuing the fame in force from. fbeceeding * time t0 tlme' ** li therefore declared and enacted, That thecom-land tax a&s miffioners named in the several fucceeding land tax a&s, since from 1746, the year one thousand feven hundred and forty fix, to carry the authorized to faid refpedtive land tax acts into execution (having duly qualified rctmoiTtbe*" themfelves to ad therein, according to the directions in the faid powers veiled a£ts) are.and were authorized to carry into execution the powers in them by and authorities given by fuch rules, orders and regulations, to the faid or-	commiffioners of the land tax, as alfo the powers and autbori-

continuin	t,es S,ven the several aCts of parliament continuing the lame

them?	>n f°rce from time to time.

XIX.	And to prevent the fpreading of the faid infeflious dijlem-per, by persons who frequently buy up cattle in infefled places, and foon after dijpofe of the fame in places free from the infeflion, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this afl, and the orders and regulations made, or which Jhall hereafter be made by bis Majejly in

No horned council; be it enaited by the authority aforefaid. That from and cattle is to be after the faid firft day of June one thousand feven hundred and fold until the fifty feven, no person whatfoever by himfelf, his fervant ora-fame shall have gent, shall fell,or difpofe of any living ox, bull, cow, calf, (leer pro ert or heifer, until the fame shall have been the property of fuch 40 days/ y Perfon for the term of forty days at lead ; and in proof of fach property, the feller shall produce a certificate under the hand of the perlon of whom fuch ox, bull, cow, calf, (leer, or heifer, was lad bought or purchafed, (ignifying the time when he pur-t chafed the fame; and every person who shall fell or difpofe of any qx, bull, cow, calf, deer or heifer, without producing fuch certificate, and shall be thereof convicted by his, her or their own confeffion, or by the oath of one or more credible witnef9 or witnefles, before any judice or judices of the peace for tfce county, riding, divifion, pity, liberty or town corporate, where the offence dull be committed, shall for every o*, bull, cow*

 • )OQle

I757-1 Anno tritefimo GeoRgit II. C. 20.'	8$

calf, fleer or heifer, fo fold or difpofed of, forfeit and pay thetm forfeiture film of ten pounds; unlefsfuch person shall by himfelf, bis a-°* ***• gent or fervant, make oath before the faid justice or juftices (which oath the faid justice or juftices is and are hereby im« powered to adminifter) that the faid ox, bull, cow, calf, fleer or heifer, has been his property for more than forty days ; thcRecoveiy and faid forfeiture to be adjudged, levied and recovered, in fuch application of manner as is herein after direfted to be levied and recovered; ^ forfeiture, one moiety of the faid forfeiture to be given to the informer, and the other moiety'to the poor of the parish where the offence shall be committed.

XX.	And be it further enadfcd by the authority aforefaid,Thc fejjcr

That every person who (hall, from and after the faid firft day of giving a talfe June one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, fell or difpofecerrincate,and of any ox, bull, cow, calf, fleer or heifer, and shall give a falfe^ct?^?tn^ or untrue certificate of the time of the fale of fuch cattle, and	or~

every person who shall accept of fuch falfe or untrue certificate, knowing the fame to be fuch, shall forfeit and pay the sum of

ten pounds, to be adjudged, levied, recovered and difpofed of in the manner herein after dire&ed.

XXI.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That if a drovcr any drover, or person or persons driving and conducing horned finds any cat* cattle from one place to another, shall find any beaft or beaftstle ficken in in his drift ficken upon the road fo as to be unable to proceed h,sdrif*» he,i forward in their journey, fuch drover, or person or perfonsd^a^no^'eto driving fuch horned cattle, shall forthwith give notice thereof a pari(h offi-to theconftable, headborough or churchwarden of the parish cer,

or place wherein fuch bead or beads shall ficken, in order that the fame may be (lain and buried, the skin being firft (lafhed, if deemed to be ill of the d idem per, now raging amongft thf homed cattle, in the opinion of the officer of fuch pari(h or place fo fummoned, and of two other fubftantial inhabitants of the faid pari(h or place, whom the faid officer is hereby impow-ered, by a note in writing under his hand, to fummon to his afliftance; and in cafe any drover or person or persons driving upon penalty-horned cattle, shall fail herein, or shall conceal or drive outofoFioir the way, without giving fuch notice, any fuch lick bead or beads, he or they fo offending (liall forfeit and pay ten pounds to the ufe of the poor of fuch parifti or place wherein fuch beaft or beads shall be found fick or dead; to be levied on his or their goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and Teal of any jhftice of the peace of the county, riding, divifion, liberty, city or town corporate, wherein fuch drover or person or persons driving fuch horned cattle shall be taken ; and in Cafe of non-0r fix months payment, fuch drover or person or persons shall be committed imprifon-to the common gaol of fuch county, (hire, ftewartry, riding,ment* divifion, liberty, city or town corporate, there to remain without bail ormainprize for the fpace of fix calendar months, or until he or they shall have paid the faid penalty.

XXII.	And for preventing persons felling any horned cattle before n0 cattle may they have been in their pojfe(Ron forty days$ it is hereby enatted, be fold unlef*

G 3	That	*	certificate



8<>	Aimo	triccfimo	GfcoRGii	TI.	C. zb"; [*757*

be obtained of That no person or persons shall fell or difpofe of xWyl'i'Vfc ox* cot ur^kTe kull> Cow> ca^*» or heifer, 'uftlefs he, (he or they'lbtffl, fttM of fale/and Gdes her or their compliance with the directions of the fairf owner's name; a<ft, firft obtain a certificate under* the hand and feal of fonW and proof justice of the peace, or commifiioner of the land tax, fpecifyityg made oj their tfte colours and number of beafts fo intended to be fold; and leV’sproperty	parifh, townfhip or place from whence the fame are brought*

4.0 days before; or intended to be carried, in order for fale; and the nfcmeor an attefted names, place or places of abode, of the owner or owners ther£-copy to be^ of. ancj that it appears to fuch justice or commifftoner, upon ex-Suw* upon am»nation on the oath of one or more credible witnefs dtwitheflfcs, penaltyotiol. that the beafts contained in foch certificate have been the property and in the pofleffion of fuch person or persons, for at teaft forty days before the date of the faid certificate; and every pef-fon felling any ox, bull, cow, calf, fteer or heifer, by virtue of fuch certificate, shall produce the fame and give w true copy thereof, attefted by two or more credible witnefles, to the pef<-fon or persons buying fuch bead*; and every person felling any ox, bull, cow, calf, fteer or heifer, withput obtaining fuch Cer-* tificate, and every person buying the fame without receiving a true copy thereof, attefted as aforefaid, shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds for every ox, bull, cow, calf, fteer and heifer, bought or fold contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, to be levied, adjudged, recovered, applied and difpofed of, as is herein after dire<5ted to be levied, adjudged, recovered, applied and difpofed of.

XXIII.	And be it further enatfted by the authority aforefaid* justice may That if one or more justice or juftices of the peace, during th« fummon any continuance of this a&, shall fufpeeft any person of buying, fel-perton rufpec-Hng or driving any ox, bull, cow, calf, fteer or heirer, or nf ofan^ta^n§ off the hide from any infedted ox, bull, coW, calf, fteer reguUtions| or heifer, which shall die of the faid diftemper, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a<5t, and the rules, orders and regulations made by his Majesty in council, in purfuahCe thetie-or, or of not burying any ox, bull, cow, calf, fteer or heifefrj contrary to this a <ft and orders, it shall and may be lawful for fuch justice or juftices to fummon foch person to appear befctffc him or them, at a reafonable time to be prefixed in foch fum1 and the party mons > anc* the proof of complying with the directions of thi* *snto purge	a(^ an^ orders, shall lie on the party fo fommoned ; and if fuch

himfelf. '	perfon shall negleft or refufe to appear before foch jufticeor juftices

(proof being made upon oath of his or her being duly fummotb-ed) or shall not make it out to the fatisfadtion of him or theft! that he or (he has fully conformed himfelF or herfelf t6 this , rules and orders, fuch person shall be deemed and taken to be duly convifted of the offence or offences for which he fhalf be fo fommoned, and incur the several penalties and forfeitures ift-5Bi<ftcd by this a<ft, to be levied, recovered and^adjbdged, m moiety of manner as is herein after mentioned ; one moiety df the faid fot^ rbe penalty to fciture 16 be' paid to the oveffeer of the poor, and be applied to ’°f# the Poor the where foch perfbft dwell* 5 and **	>	^	/	the



1757*] Anno trioefimo Georgii II. c. io.	'*7

the other moiety to the treasurer oF the county, riding or 4ivi- to county fion, to be made part of the couhty flock; or in that part of	^

Great Britain, called Scotland^ to fuch person and for fuch pur- bc	M

poles, as the juftices in their general quarter-feflions shall direct the jnftices and appoint.	direa.

XXIV.	And for the more effectual preventing the fpreading of the fend infectious aijiemper by persons commonly called Jobbers, who occupying little or no grazing land, buy up cattle in infefted placesy and joon after difpofe of the fame; be it enafted by the authority ^ perfOI1 aforefaid. That from and after the faid firft day of June one may my thou (and feven hundred and fifty (even, no person whatfoever cattie,without (butchers and others excepted, buying fat cattle for immediate a certificate of daughter) shall purebafe any living ox, bull, cow, calf, fleer abode,1°and or heifer, without having firft obtained a certificate under the number of hand and feal of fotne justice of the peace or commiflioner of hearts he in-the land tax, a&ing for the county, riding, dtvifion, city, li- tends to buy| berty, town or place where fuch person refides, fpecifying his or her name, and place of abode, and the number of beafls he or (he intends to purchafe, and whether fuch beafls are intended to be purchased by him or hcrfelf, or by an agent or fervant, and if by an agent or fervant, then the name ana place of abode of fuch agent or fervant, and that it appears to fuch justice or commiflioner upon examination on the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, that fuch per(bn really occupies land and that he fufident to graze and keep the number of beafls contained in has land firffi-fuch certificate, over and above the flock fuch person is at prefent	to ¥***

pofle&d of, for the fpacc of three months; and that it may ap- three ^months, pear no more beafls were bought than were contained in fuch over and a-certifkate, every fuch person (hall, upon bringing any cattle into hove his pre-any parish or place, bought in purfuance of fuch certificate, ftntftoek. produce and (hew the faid certificate to an infpe<5lor, church- homertfe”* warden or overfeer of the poor, if any there be, of fuch parilh cattle, the or place, and shall at the fame time acquaint fuch in(petflor, certificate i* churchwarden or overfeer, with the place where, and the name to be produced of the person of whom fuch beafls were purchafed; and the faid infpe&or, churchwarden or overfeer, k hereby required to mark the pariftu on ehe back of the (aid certificate, the number of beafls fo brought into any pariih or place, and the place where, and the name of the person of whom fuch beafls were purchafed, and > the day when fuch certificate was fo produced; and if any per-fnm or persons (butchers or others buying fat cattle for immedi- Buyer got ^ ate daughter excepted as aforefaid) (hall, from and after the faid conf orming " firft day of June one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven; h*r«to>for-' buy any ox, bull, cow, calf, fleer or heifer, without previoufly Clts$ " obtaining ftich certificate, or shall buy more than the number contained in the fame, or shall not produce the faid certificate to an infpe&or, churchwarden or overfeer of the poor, every filch person (hall, for every beaft bought contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds; the faid penalty to be levied, adjudged, recovered, ap-pbed and dtfpofed of as is herein after dircAed*

* ♦	G4	XV. Pro- -i f

 

82	.•Axmo tilcefknaGBofcGii ll. c; iA:	[*757*

Certificate not . XX>Y J Crowded always That wo cattle shall be deemed co be the catde be b°u5ktby virtue of fuch certificate, onlefs the fame are pur-purchafed diafedruvithin one month from the date thereof, within a	XXYL	And	be it further ena&edby the authority iafoeefaid,

month after That when and as often as any cattle shall be (topped for; want Whe3*cattle a ProPer certificate, thrcoaftable nr otheeproper officer of are flop* for*	tomwiftiip or parish where the fetid cattle (hail bet fo (topped,

want of a cer- shall caufe fuch cattle, with all convenient*expeditioir, to be tificate, they driven back to the next conftablewick from whefite they>laft y? to uC tin came> a°d diall give notice'thereof to the conftablc or*other thTptacefrom prop** officer of fuch next conftablewick, who (hail, and he is whence they hereby required to receive the fa id cattle, and to caufe th* fame fet out} to be. driven through his conftablewick, to the next conftable-wickfrom whence fuch cattle were driven, theconftabie orother and are to be parish officer whereof shall receive the fame asaforefaid,' a(hd fo treated as cat- from conftablewick to conftablewick, until fuch cattle shall af-' been within r*ve at ^ie	town (hip or place in the faid county, riding, di-

mile of an in- vifion or liberty, through which they were (uttered to pafe, fedled place, without a proper certificate, they (hail be treated in fuch and the like manner as cattle which have been within one mile of an infe<5bed place are by this a61, or by any of hir Majefty’$ orders of council deemed to be treated. inScotkod XX VII. And wbenas there art m fuch officers as everfeirtof the eonftabks are poor and churchwardens, in that part of Great Britain called Scot-t*execute the j^d. therefore in order to carry this a6t in that part.of the unit-^ kingdom into execution, be it enabled by the authority aforo-ehurchw^r- iaicl^ That all matters and things appointed to be done and ex-dei>s i	eeuted by the overfeers of the poor and churchwardens, in that

part of Great Britain called England, (hall, \n Scotland, be done nnd executed by the conftables, or other officers, to heap point-*c	rd by the juftices of the peace for that purpofe, at their refpec-

five quarter-feftions or adjournment thereof.

, XXVIII. And in order to make provifson in that part of the unit-ad kingdom called Scotland, for any expence that may attend the execution of this fervice; be it enabled by the authority afordak), and the com- That it may be lawful for the commiftioners of the land tax, mifljoners of and they are hereby empowered to aflefs their refpe<$tive count-are toaflLf* t*cs> *n a not excee^ing fifty pounds for each county, to their counties ^ levied and collected in the fame proportions, and according to defray the to the'fame rules, with the land tax; and which fum the refpec-expence of tive colie£Iors of the land tax for each countyare bereby roqfcte-fuch service. e(j to coue<5^ aqd (flue, hy order of the refpedive jufticesof the peace, or the major part of them, afiembled at the quarteri-feflions or adjournment thereof.	'	.	<\ni

Method of re- XXIX. And it is hereby further enabled, That wherefoever cowry of pe- any person (ball, for any oflfenefe. toi be hereafter committed ^ laltiesf	ar>y	law	now	m	relating	to the preventing the spread-

ing of the diftemper which now rages amongft the homed cattle in this kingdom, be liable or fubjeft to pay any pecuniary pe* nalty or fum of money upon convi6tion, before'any jnfttoe or */j.	juftices of the pwe* it fhalj and may he JaWfolAttady other

;..	pprion

r?37'‘] Aimo «£cefiiM*GBORfiii II.	c,a6,

perfon whatfoemv either to proceed to recover the faid penalty, byinfonnartioa and cQiwi&ion* before any justice or juftices of the peace, in fuch manner as is dire&ed by this a&v or to fue	,

forctfec fame by a&ion of debt or on the cafe, bill, plaint of in- . ■ • > formation* is* any of his Majeftv’s courts of record, wherein pi^ntl/T rcC0‘ no fiflfam, protection or wager of law, or more than one impar- vering inritlrd lanoefhallbr allowed, and wherein the plaintiff, if he recovers, to double (half likewtfe have Ins double cofts.	cofts*

XXX.	Provided, That aU fuits and actons to be brought Limitation of by ivtrtue of this' aft* shall be brought before the end of the next a&ions. term after die offence committed; and that no offender againft

any of. the lews now in being for the preventing the fpreading of tbe dtftempcr which now rages amongft the horned cattle,

(hall be profeented twice for the fame offence.

XXXI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

That all the commiflioners of the land tax, and redtors or vi- tax,\nd%ec-cars, who are rated to the land tax for one hundred pounds per tors, and vi-anuum, (ball, in their refpeftive parifhes, and they are hereby cars, rated for impwwered to grant certificates of health for cattle, in as full I0ol- per ana. a ad ample manner, as any justice or juftices of the peace are ^tificates of impowerod in any manner whatfoever to do, for which faid ccr- health for tificates no fee or reward whatfoever shall be taken.	cattle.

, XXXII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Perfons grant-That from and after the firft day of June one thousand feven ing cortifi-hundred and fifty feven, all persons whatfoever taking upon them to grant certificates in purfuance of this aft, or his Ma- £ t^eir jffty’s orders relating thereto, shall fet forth in every fuch certificate by virtue of what office he grants fuch certificate, whether. as justice of the peace for any county, city or borough, oommiftioner of the land tax, or otherwife; and in cafe any person shall ne^lcft fo to do, fuch person (hall, for every fuen on penalty of offence refpeftively, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds of101# lawful money of Great Britain, for every fuch negleft, to be recovered by aftion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at JVeJlminJIer, with full cofts of fuit, wherein no efioin, privilege, protection or wager of law, ~	>

or more than one imparlance shall be allowed,

.1 XXXIII. And be it further enafted by the authority afore- at ~ faid. That the juftices of the peace within their refpedtive divi- tbeir petty > fien9, at thek petty feffions, or the major part of them then fcffiona to *f» md iherccaflembled, within that part of Great Britain called powtbifpcv^ £ttgknJ9{hall have full power and authority to appoint any pen-tow# 1 fon or peefonst to be infpeftor or infpedtors of any houfes, builds ings, grounds, fields and cattle within their faid divifions, to be affiftant to the conftabies, chuchwardens and overfeersof the poor*t in fuch manner as the juftices of thepeact at their general quarter feflions are by his Majesty’s faid order in council*	^

dated thcfecond of March one thousand feven hundred and forty feven* impowered to-do. •	»

if/ XXjXI V.; Provided, That no feller or buyer of any fuoh Ccrt,ficate« Cfttte Aalk be.obliged co take out either of the faid certificates, fary"where tb» .	Where	buyer a»4

 ^.ooQle

90

feller live within five miles of each other 5

provided the other regulations are com plied with.

The prohibition of the

Ann* tnccfimoG£bnorr IL c.adt \l757*

where both the feller and buyer live in the fame parifh, or in the oext adjacent parish or place, or within five miles diftanoe of each other.

XXXV.	Provided, That the feller of fuck cattle has been in the pofiefiionof the cattle to to be fold forty daysatthe lead before fuch fele, and fb as the buyer keeps the (aid cattle three months at the lead, from the time he purchases the fame, and io as the diftemper that now rages amongft the horned cattle in this kingdom, be not within the fpace of tea miles of the feller’s abode, and that the feller and buyer live in the fame county ; any thing in this 2& to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI.	And whereas the mogifirates ef Jime corporations Jiem-ated within counties at large, have in feme places prefumed to hold fairs and markets for the fale of horned cattle, when the ju/Hces cf the peace for the county at large have prohibited foirs and markets to be helden in the faid county, which in a great men fare fruftrates tpe faid prohibition, and occafions matey difputes; be it therefore farther ena&ed by the authority aforefasd, That from and afier the {aid firft day of June in the year of our Lord one tboufand feren

county at large, to hold fairs or markets for fale of horned cattle, is to extend to all corporations within,orcon-tiguous to, fuch county; and magi

j^IC« f°r thc hundred and fifty feven, where the juftices of the peace for any county at large have already, or shall hereafter think proper, to prohibit fairs and markets to be helden for the fale of horned cattle within fuch county, fuch prohibition shall be deemed and taken to extend to all corporations within fuch county, or fur-rounded by or lying contiguous to fuch county, any charter, privilege or exemption to the contrary notwithstanding; and in cafe any fuch magirtrate shall proclaim or give notice, or cauie to be proclaimed or notice to be given, of any fair or market for horned beads, or shall wilfully and knowingly permit any fintes'offend- horned hearts to be brought into or (old at any fair or market jng*gainft within his jurifdi&ion, during fuch prohibition as aforefaid, fuchprohibi- fuch magirtrate shall fbrfeit and pay the sum of one hundred' non, forfeit pounds of lawful money of Great Britain^ to any person who 100 *	{hall fue for the fame in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at

Wejiminftery wherein noeilbin, privilege, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance {hah be allowed,

XXXVII. And be it further ena&ed. That from and after the firft day of June one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, no justice of the peace, or other magirtrate of any corporation, or commiflioner of the land tax for fuch corporation, or re<ftor .	.	or vicar within any corporation, shall certify for any horned

wftbi^the ju- beaft but fuch as have been kept within his jurifidi&ion for the

----	- time required by law, nor for the hide of any heart but fuch as

have been (laughtered within his jurifidkftion; any thing in any former a<5t to the contrary notwithstanding: and in cafe any fuch magirtrate shall take upon him to grant certificates, otherwifc than as aforefaid, fuch magirtrate shall forfeit and pay the fum other wife, for of twenty pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, for every fexts 201. certificate fo granted, to any person or persons that rtiall (bn for the fame, ro be recovered by adhon of debt, bill, plaint or information^in any of -his	court*	gf	-record	at

minjler%

Wo beaft or bide is to be certified for, which has not been the

j-ifdi&ion of the person certifying. Magi ft rate granting a certificate



1757*1' Anno tricesimo Geokgii II. C.ai.	91

min/ter, with fufl cods of fait, wherein no efloin, privilege, protwflkm, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

XXXVIII.	Be it further enadted by this adt, That it shall Uponinfor-

and may be lawful for any four or more of the juftices of the matiem that peace, of any eottnty within this realm, at their general quar- [sh? diftem|»r ter-feflkms, or any adjournment thereof, upon informationbouringc?un-given to them that the faid diftemper is in 'any neighbouring ty, the juftices county, to prohibit for a certain time, or until the diftemper may prohibit ftiaJ! ceafe in fiich county, any ox, bull, cow, calf, fteer or	r*J?oval

heifer, from being driven or removed, or any hides, (kins; or	fr*£r

flefh carried from fuch county, or from any hundred, lathe, thence, wapentake, rape, ward, or other divUion of fuch county fo

infedted, into the county fo making fuch order; and in cafe any pcrfoA shall adt contrary to fuch order, fuch perfon4 shall incur the penalties and forfeitures enadted, againft persons driving cattle without certificates.

XXXIX.	And be it further enadted by the authority afore- Perfons fued faid. That if adtion or fuit shall be commenced againft any per- on this adt, fon or persons, for any thing done in purfuance of this adt, may Ple?dthc the defendant or defendants in fuch adtion or fuit may plead the Scncral 1 uc*

Eeral iflue, and give this act and the fpecial matter in evi-ce, at any trial to be had thereupon; and that the fame was done in purfuance and by authority of this adt, or of fome rule, » order or regulation made or to be made in purfuance of this adt; and if it shall appear fo to have been done, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be nonfinted, or difeontinue his adtion after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared ; or if judgment shall be given upon any verdidt or demurrer againft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble cofts, and have Treble coft*. the like remedy for the fame, as the defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes by law.

XL. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. Continuance That this adt shall continue and be in force until the twenty °fthc a&* ninth day of September one thousand feven hundred and fifty fcven, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament.

CAP. XXI.

jfraff far the more effectual prefervation and improvement of the /pawn and fry of fifh in the river of Thames, and waters of Medway •, and for tbe better regulating the fijb* try thereof \

WHEREAS by an aft if parliament made and paffed in the

ninth year of tbe reign of her late majejiy §>ueen Anne, in- 9 Anna:, c. 2*4 dtuledy An act for the better prefervation and improvement of the fHhery within the river of Thames; and for regulating and governing the company of fifhermen of the faid river; It torn netted, That from and after the tenth day #/Joac one tbeufoud

/even



Anno tricesimo GfeORtfli IL c. aY, [1757.

Jtviti hundred and eleven, it fhonld and might be lawful to and for the court of affiants of the faid company, for the time beings or the major part 0} them prefent, to make Juch by-laws and ordinances for the good rule and government of the faid company, as they /bottld think fit, fo as the famejhould be always firft approved of or frbm time to time altered and amended by the court of the mayor and aldermen of the city of London, and likewife allowed and confirmed according to the form of the fiatuie in that behalf made and provided; and that from and after the find tenth day of June there should be yearly defied and chofen by the next court of mayor and aldermen to be held after the tenth day of June, out of the fix wardens of the faid company for the time being, to be nominated by the faid court of affiants, one fit person to be a mafter of the art or my fiery offifhermen; and alfo out of twelve affiants to be nominated as aforefaid, fix fit persons to be wardens of the faid art or myfiery (whereof the water bailiff of tbe city of London for tbe time beings to be one) and in like manner, cut of sixty of the commonalty, to be nominated as aforefaid, thirty fit persons to be affiants of tbe faid company \ which faid mafter, wardens and affiants, or any fexteen of them, together with three of tbe faid wardens, Jbould be, and were thereby conjlituted the court of affiants of the faid company, for the time being; and were required to meet and affemble together, from time to time, on the firft Tuefday in every calendar month in the year, in the bell of the faid company, in order to form the faid court of affiants, and keep the fame for regulating and reforming abufes committed in the faid fijbery; and for the thee ordering and governance of the faid company: and where• as in purfuance of the faid afi of parliament, certain by-laws and ordinances were made for regulating the faid fijbery, and reforming abufes committed therein, but the faid company having ceafei to afi from about the year one thousand feven hundred and twenty feven, and moft of the members thereof being dead, the regulations in the faid fifbery intended by the faid afi have not taken place, and the fiveral laws now in force for the prefervation of the faidfijbery, have hitherto proved ineffectual, and by tbe unwarrantable practices ufed by fifber-men and others, the brood and fry of fifb in the faid river and ivaters a/* Med way have been greatly hurt and deflroyed: for remedy whereof and for the better preferving the [pawn, fry and young brood of fifb in the faid river of Thames, and alfo in the waters of Med* way, fo far as the fame are within tbe jurifdifiion of the mayor of the city of London, as ednfervator of the river of Thames, and waters of Medway, and for preventing the fifhing therein with-unlawful and unfizeable nets, engines or other devices; and for the af-certaining the times, fedfons, and manner of fifhing in the faid river and waters, and the fize and kind of nets and engines to be ufed in fifhing in the faid river and waters; and for regulating the faid fijbery, and reforming abufes therein; and for the more jfeedy and effectual apprehending and punishing the offenders; be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fipiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament aflembled^and by the authoitoy of tho fame, TJtft court pf thp mayor and	of	-	Aid fcity of

IfOndoq

1757-3 Aniiatrteefimoi(G*o»sii II. c. ai.	99

London for the time being, shall have full power and authority. The court of and they are hereby required on or before the twenty ninth day of ^men of^" September in the year of our Lord one thoufitnd feven hundred L^rXn^ifn-and fifty feven, to mak?, frame and fet down in writing, fuch powered to reafonable rules, orders or ordinances, for the governing and re- make rules gulating all persons who shall fifli or drudge in the faid river of	*cgu,atmg

Thames, and alfo in the faid waters of Medway (within the faid	drudgrr^

jurifdiction of the faid mayor, as confervator as aforefaid) as men in the common filhermen or drudgermen, orotherwife; and for de-Thames and claration in what manner they shall demean themfelves in fi(h- Midway * ing, and with what manner of nets and engines, and at what times and fealbns they shall ufe (idling in the faid river and waters of Medway, within the jurifdi&ion aforefaid, and for afcer-> taining the affize of the several fifh to be there taken; and for the preservation from time to time of the fpawn and fry of fifh in the faid river and waters, within the jurifdi&ion aforefaid; and for obliging eyery common fisherman of drudgerman, or other fiich person who shall fifli with a boat, veffel or craft, from and after the faid twenty ninth day of September one thousand feven hundred and fifty (even, in the faid river of Tfjames, and in the (aid waters of Medway, within the jurifdi6tion aforefaid, to have t in his bo3t, veffel or craft,.both his chriftian and furname,and allb the name of the-parifh or place in which he dwelleth, painted in legible and large characters, in fome convenient place where any one may fee and read the fame; and for preventing fuch name or mark of diftio&ion from being changed, altered or defaced and to annex reafonable penalties and forfeitures for the breach of fuch rules, orders or ordinances, not exceeding the (tun of five pouods for any one offence; and fuch rules, orders and ordinances, or any of them, from time to time, to alter and amend, and fuch new and other rules, orders and ordinances, touching the matters aforefaid, with foch reafonable penalties and forfeitures (not exceeding five pounds for any one offence) from time to time to make, as to the faid court in their diferetion shall feetn meet, for the better putting this act in execution ; fo as after the making thereof the fame be allowed -the ^ and approved of, from time to time, by the lord chancellor of be approved Great Britain, the lord keeper or lords commillioners of the of by two of great feal, for the time being, the lord chief justice of the courtthc )U<1SC»' of King's Betich, the lord chief justice of the court of Common Pleas, the lord chief baron of the court of Exchequer, or any two of them, who are hereby required, on requeltfrom time to time to them, or any two or more of .them, made by or on the behalf of the faid court of mayor and aldermen, to perufe and . examine all fuch rules, orders or ordinances, as (hall, from time to time, be made by the (aid court of mayor and aldermen, in poyfeiance pf this aft, and laid before the faid Jord.high chan-ccJlor,lord keeper, or lords commissioners of the great feal * for the iUot being, the faid lord chief justice ©f the court of King's Bench the.faid lord.chief justice of the court of Common J?Uas, the; £tidJor4 chief b*rpn, or any .two of them, for their

allow*



94

The penalties Annexed to the faid rules, confirmed.

The rules to be printed and published.

Court to fum-mon occafion-ally, ii fifher-men, and examine them touching the fifbery of the Thames and Medway j

Fifoernten refuting to attend or to be examined forfeit 40s.

. Anno tricefimoCEOEGii IL Cslil [1757.

allowance and approbation* and they, or ally two of them* are to allow thereof, or alter the fame, before they allow thereof* as they or Any two of them, shall from time to time think fit; and for the doing thereof, no fee or reward shall be paid or taken*

II.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That no person or persons whatfocver (hall, within the faid ju-rifidi&ion of the faid mayor, from and after the firft day of No-vtmber one thouiand feven hundred and fifty feven, wilfully take, deftroy, fpoil, kill or expofe to (ale, or'exchange for any goods, matter or thing, whatfoever, any (pawn, fry or brood of fi(h, or fpatt of oyfters, or any unfizeable or tmwholfome fi(h, or fi(h out of feafon, or bring fuch filh on (bore for fale^ or ufe or keep any net, engine or other device whatfoever, which shall be prohibited or declared unlawful in and by fuch rules, orders, and ordinances of the faid court of mayor and aldermen of the (aid city allowed and approved of as aforefaid, upon pain of forfeiting and paying, for every offence, fuch fum and fums of money as in and by fuch rules, orders or ordinances, shall be refpe&ively appointed, and to be recovered in fuch manner as is herein after mentioned.

III.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it ensured by the authority aforefaid. That fuch rules, orders an^ ordinances, fo to be from time to time made by the faid court of the mayor and aldermen* (hall, within thirty days after the fame fhali be allowed and approved of as aforefaid, be printed and made publick in fuch manner as the faid court shall think proper, and from time to time order.

IV.	And to the intent the faid court of the mayor and aldermen of the faid city may be the better informed what rulesy orders and oris* nances may be proper to be made from time to time, for the better regulation and preservation of the Jfdid fijbery; be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid court shall at fome time or times between the twenty fifth day of June and twenty ninth day of September next, and fo yearly for ever thereafter, (if occafion shall fo require) between the twenty fifth day of June and twenty ninth day of September in ever)' year, order to be fummoned before them fuch and fo many perions who shall fi(h in the faid river of Thames, or waters of Medway, within the jurifdiftion aforefaid, as common fifhermen or drudgermen

(not exceeding twelve in number) as to the faid court shall eem meet to be examined upon oath (if the faid court shall fo think fit) touching the filh and fifhery of the faid river and waters 5 and if any Rich common fifherman or drudgerman being perfonally fummoned by writing to attend the faid court of mayor and aldermen for the purposes aforefaid, by the fpace of fourteen days at the lead, shall negledt or refufe fo to do, or in cafe of attendance shall refufe to be examined upon oath as a-forefaid, not having or making appear before the (aid court fome juft or lawful excufe for fuch negleA or refuTal; then, and in every fuch cafe, he or they fo offending (hatt, on due proof made by oath in fuch court of the due ftrviet of the Ammons

1757*1 Amq tricesimo Gbo&6ii'II. c.21.	95

in manner aforefaid, forfeit and lofe the fan* of forty (hSIitigs, to be levied.by diftrefe andfale of bis or their goods and chat- t0 be levied by tels9 by warrant under the hand and feal of the faid mayor, or diftrefs and the recorder of the faid city* or any one alderman of the faid ^c> . city* directed to any afiiftant of the (aid water bailiff, or any coxtftable, headhoroogh or peace officer, impoveering him, them or any of them, to make the (aid diftrefs for the laid forty shillings, and caufe the fame to be appratfed and fold after the expiration of five days from the making fitch diftrefs, rendering the overplus, if any, to the faid offender; which faid penal ancj y to firm (hall, as (bon as received, be paid to the treafoter of Green- Greenwich with hofpital for the benefit of the fame hofpital.	hofpital.

V,	And be it farther ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Water bailiff; That for the better prefervation of the faid fishery of the faid his a/fiftants, river of Thames, and waters of Medxaay, within the jurifiiidkm ^or^edby11 aforefaid, and for preventing, as much as may be, any abufes mayoi/ from being committed therein, it shall and may be lawful to and for the deputy of the faid mayor for the time being, as confcrvator as aforefaid, commonly calkd The water bailiff, and his afiiftant and afliftants, fuch afiiftant and afliftantshaviog been "named and appointed to be his afiiftant and afliftants, by warrant under the hand and feal of the mayor of the faid city for the rime bang, and iikewife for all and every other person or persons who shall for that purpofe be fpecially authorized by any warrant or warrants, under the hand and feal of the faid mayor, from time to time, and atall rimes, to enter into any boat, vef- may enter into fel or craft of any fifherman or drudgerman, or other person or ^eismcn* persons (idling or taking fifli, or endeavouring to take fi(h, up- fej^aU pro-on the faid river of Thames, or upon the faid waters of Medway, hibited fifh, within the jurifdidrion aforefaid, and there fearch for, take and nets, &c. ou feize all fpawn, fry, brood of fifli, fp3tt of ovfters, and unfizea- board.

He, unwholefome or unfeafonable fifli, and alfo all unlawful nets, engines and inftruments, for taking or deftroying fifty, as ftiaH then be in any fuch boat or boats, veffel or craft, in or upon the faid river or waters , and to take and feize on the (bore fuch 9% or (bores adjoining to the faid river, or waters of Medway, rhall be found within the jurifoidion aforefaid, all fuch fpawn, fry, brood of fifh, on the (bore* fjpatt of oyfters, unfizeable, imwholefome, or unfeafonable fifh, as shall be there found; and fuch deputy and afliftants, or other persons, who shall be fo authorized as aforefaid, shall from time to time, with all convenient fpeed, after the feizing or taking of any fuch unlawful nets, engines or inftruments, or any fpawn, fry, brood of fifli, or fpatt rf oyfters, or unfizeable, unwhole- them before fame or unfeafonable fi(h, bring or caufe the fame to be brought, a pr0per before the mayor of the faid city for the time being, or the re- majpftiatej corder of the faid city, or one of the aldermen of the faid city, if feifed within the limits of the faid city of London, and liberties thereof, either upon the faid river or on (hore, or before the mayor ©f the faid city for the time being, or the recorder of the laid city, or ode of the aldermen of the faid city, or one of his MajeftyjofUct* of the peace of the county in which fuch fei-

zure



S6

and the fame being found, to be contrary to the rules.

arc to be burnt.

Penalty of iol. forobftru&ing an officer in bis duty, or retelling ad offender.

Magistrates to determine complaints touching offences again ft the rules, in a luminary way*

Anno tricesimo GEOKdli H. c. £i.	£*7	St.

TXBtt dull be made, if made upon the faid river or waters, out of the limits of the faid city, or the liberties thereof, but within the jurifdidion of the faid mayor as confervator as aforefaid, or before one of his Majesty’s juftices of the peace of the county in which the fame shall be feifed on (hone, who shall refpedive-ly canie fuch nets, engines or inftruments, or fpawn, fry, brood of fifh, fpatt of oyfters, unfizablc, unwholefome or unfeafonable fiftt, fo feifed, to be examined $ and if the fame (hall, upon view and examination thereof, or on proof on oath before him or them made (which oath he and they is and are hereby impow-ed to adminifter) appear to be unfizeable, unwholefome or unfeafonable fifh, or unlawful nets, engines or inftruments for taking unfizeable fifh, or deftroying of fi(h or fpawn of fifh, contrary to fuch rules, orders or ordinances, as shall be made by the (aid court of the faid mayor and aldermen, and allowed ana approved of as aforefaid, and the intent and meaning of this ad, and that the fame were fo feifed as aforefaid, the faid mayor, recorder, or any alderman of the faid city, or justice refpe&ively, within their refpedive jurifdi&ions, shall caufe to be forthwith burnt or deftroyed, as well all fuch unlawful nets, engines or inftruments, as alfo all fuch fpawn, fry or unfizeable, unwhole-* fome or unfeafonable fifh, as shall be feifed as aforefaid.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That if any person or persons shall obftrud or hinder the faid water bailiff, his afliftants, or any of the faid officers, or any conftable, headborough or other peace officer, in the execution of any of the powers vefted in them by this^ad, or of any warrant or warrants to be iffued by the faid mayor, recorder, or any alderman of the faid city, or justice refpedively, in purfuance of this ad; or if any person or persons whatfoever shall refcue any person or persons who shall be apprehended or taken by virtue or in purfuance of any of the powers given by this ad, the person or persons fo offending therein (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the sum of ten pounds, on convidion thereof by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, before the faid mayor, recorder, or one of the aldermen of the faid city, within the faid city and liberties, or the jurifdidion aforefaid, or before a justice of the county where the faid offence shall be committed, or where the offender shall be apprehended.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the mayor, recorder, or any one alderman of the faid city, within the faid city and jurifdidion aforefaid, and his Majefty’a juftices of the peace of the refpedive counties within the jurifdidion aforefaid, or any one of them, shall have full power to hear and determine in a fummary way, complaints touching any unlawful or undue fifhing, or taking or deftroying fifh, or any other offences to be committed contrary *o any of the rules, orders or ordinances, at any time hereafter to be made by the laid court of the mayor and aldermen in purfuance of this, ad, and which shall be allowed and approved of as aforefaid; and the faid mayor, recorder, aldermen and juftices, and each of



'

1757*, Anpo tfiecfifto Ge^hoii II. c. at.

tlicm refpeCiiveJy, within their refpsCtive juriftUAioos, are *«}-is hereby authorized and required upon view, or upon command upon plaint madeoqoath to themrefpeCfcively, of any fucb offeoce yiew .°r committed within their rcfpeCUve jurifdiCUoos, contrary to fuch	any*

rules, orders prfordinances, within ten days after, the commif- offence, toif-fign of. any fuch offence, to iffue his or their warrant or war- fue their warrants under his hand and feal, or their hands and feak, directed,to ran*8 *°.r aP* the water bailiff of the faid cityyor fuch hisaflillant or affiftaats as aforefaid, or to fuch conftables, headboroughs or other peace of-	9

ficers, as the faid mayor, recorder, aldermen or juftices, or any one of them (hall, from time to time think fir, thereby requiring him or them to apprehend fuch offender or offenders, and to , bring hun^ her or them, before the faid mayor, recorder,- aldermen or juftices, or any one pf them, within their refpeCfcive jurisdictions, to anfwer the matters of complaint to becontained in fuch warrant or warrants; and which warrant or warrants the person and persons to whom the fame shall bedire&ed, and their afiiftants, are hereby authorized, empowered and required, to execute on the faid river of Thames* or on the waters of Med-way, or on any part thereof, within the jurifdichon aforefaid,	*

or on any (bore adjoining to the faid river, or waters of Medway* and for that purpofe, they, and every of them, are hereby authorized, itnpowered and required, at all times, to go on board any boat, veffel or craft, in the faid river or waters; or in the day time, with a peace officer, to enter any houfe wherein any fuch offender or offenders Shall be, for the apprehending him, her or. them ; and when apprehended, to carry him, her or them, as foon as conveniently may be, before the faid mayor, recorder, or one of the aldermen of the faid city, if apprehended in the faid city of London, or the liberties thereof; and if apprehended out of the faid city of London, or the liberties thereof, then before one of the juftices of the county where the faid offender or offendeas Shall be taken; and the faid mayor, recorder, alder- and to fum-men and juftices, within their refpective jurifdiChons, or any m<^n one of them, are and is hereby authorized and required to fum- themonoath. mon witneffes, on either fide, before them, and to examine them on oath (which oath the faid mayor, recorder, aldermen and juftices refpeCfcively, or any one ot them, is and are hereby authorized, impowered and required, to adminifter) touching the premiftes, and thereupon to hear and determine the fame; and in cafe any offender or offenders shall thereupon, by the Upon convic-faid mayor, recorder or aldermen, or the faid juftices, or one of tion, offender them, be convi&ed, and adjudged guilty of any fuch offence, ndSdU then fuch offender or offenders shall thereby incur, and forfeit fuch penalty as shall be by fuch rules and ordinances fet and im-pofed for the fame; and that fuch warrantor warrants, or other aCt or aCVs of the (aid mayor, recorder, aldermen or juftices, and the aCt and aCts of the water bailiff, and his affiftarvts, and of all conftables, headboroughs and other persons, in obedience . to fitch warrant or warrants, lhall be as valid, good and effectual in law, to all intents whatfoever, as if the fame were exc- „

Voj* XXU.	_H	cutcd

$9	Anno	triccfimo	Georgii	II.	C.2l.	.	[ijst*

doted within the proper limits of their own city, county or ju-

riHidioa.

VIII. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid* MRtnefsre- That if any witnefs or witnefles who shall be fummoned in pear^o^to P^rfaance of this aft to appear before the faid mayor, recorder* jpve evidence, aldermen, or juftices of the peace, or any One of them, within * their refpeCtive jurifdiCtions aforefaid, (Kail negleCt or refufe to appear according to the direction of the ftimmons, or appearing shall refufe to be examined on oath touching the premises, and without juft no juft excufe shall be offered for fuch negleCt or refufal, every not^e* ^eedi** Pcr^on °ffcnding, on proof on oath being made of fuch fum-"l^iwr^ef*1115 mcms having been ferved on him, her or them, shall for every than 00$. fuch offence, forfeit and lofe fuch fum of money, not exceeding five pounds, nor lefs than twenty shillings, as the faid mayor, recorder, aldermen or juftices, or any one of them, within their tefpeCIive jurifdiCtions, shall by warrant under his hand or their hands order or direCt.

, IX. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. Officer neg- That if any affiftant or affiftants of the water bailiff of the faid ^m^orfeit« or	officer,	(hall	wittingly or willingly negleCt or

any fum no/ nefufe to ferve or execute any warrant or warrants to him or exceeding 5I. them directed in purfuance of this aCt, or shall otherwife wilfully or wittingly omit the performance of his or their duty in the execution of this act, and shall be thereof convicted by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, before the fard mayor, recorder, or any fuch alderman, or justice as aforefeid, within their refpeCtive jurifdiCtions, every fuch affiftant or peace officer fo offending shall forfeit and lofe any fum of money not exceeding five pounds, as the faid mayor, recorder, alderman, or juftice, or any one of them, within their refpeCtive jurifdic-tions shall think reafonable and dir&t.

Penalty 5I. on X. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, water bailiff, That if the faid Water bailiff, or any of his affiftants, (haR at any oraffiftant, time hereafter receive any fum of money, gratuity or reward jwatiifty^to whatfoever, from any person or persons to prevent, delay or uxeen, Scc. an hinder any profecution j or compound for, or wilfully conceal offender. any offence to be committed contrary to this aCt, and shall be thereof convicted by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, before the faid mayor, recorder or aldermen, of the faid city, or any one of them (and which oath the faid mayor, recorder and aldermen or any one of them, is and are hereby authorized to adminifter) fuch water bailiff and his affiftants respectively, for every fuch offence shall forfeit and lofe the (ieim of five pounds.

XI. And for the better and more eafy recovery of the fevered penalties and forfeitures to be incurred ay difobedience to this aft, and the powers therein contained, and difpofirtg of the^ faid forfeitures, where no particular provifton is already made herein; be it further **cove ° and cna<^:e^ hy the authority aforefaid. That it shall and may be application of lawful to and for the mayor of the faid city of London for the tec forfeiture*.time being, recorder and aldermen of the faid city* or any oitC



I757-1 AnnotrictfimoGeorgnII. an.	9$

of them, within the faid dty, or liberties thereof, or within the jurifdidtion aforefaid, and to and for any other of his Majesty’s juftices of the peace, or any One of them, within their refpedt-ivc counties, on the conviction of any person or persons for any offence or offences committed contrary to the true meaning of this adt, the forfeiture not being p&id, to iffue a warrant or warrants under his hand and feal, or their hands and feals refpedt-ively, diredted to the afliftant or afliftants of the faid water bailiff,

*br any peace officer, within their refpedtive jurifdidtions, Empowering him or them to make diftreft of the goods and chattels the laid offender or offenders, for the fum to be levied by any fuch warrants ; and to caufe fuch goods and chattels, after five days from the diftrefs taken, to be appraifed and fold, rendering . . the overplus, if any, after deducing the forfeiture and thexoffe and charges of the diftrefs and faie, to the owners; whidi charges shall be afeertained by the magiftrate before whom fuch offender or offenders shall have been fo convi&ed; arid for pof ^ 0f want of fuch diftrefs and non-payment, then it shall be lawful diftrefi, of-for the faid mayor, recorder, aldermen and juftices, of any one fender to be of them,' within their rfcfpe&ive jurifdi&ions, by warrant under committed for his hand and feal, to commit fuch offender or offenders to the 3 months, common gaol or houfe of correction of the tity or county, where fuch offender or offenders shall be convicted, there to re-main for the fpace of three months from the time of fuch commitment, unlcfs payment shall be made of the faid penalty, cofts	«

and charges, before the expiration of the faid three months; and one moiety of all fuch penalties and forfeitures, when reco- One moiety of ▼ered, shall be paid to the informer, and the other moiety there- the penalty to of shall be paid to the treasurer of Greenwich bofpital aforefaid, §° to the m-For the ufe of the faid hofpital; but in cafe any fuch offender or othelrto1 ° offenders shall think him or themfelves aggrieved by fuch con-. Greenwich viCHon, and shall within the faid five days enter into a recogni- hofpital. zancte toith two good and fufficient fureties, in the penal fum of the bffendi twenty pounds* before fuch magiftrate or magiftrates, before whom he, fhe or they, shall be fo convicted, (which faid rc- Ticlion, fhail cognizance shall be returned, within the fpace of fourteen days, enter into a to the faid court of the mayor and aldermen) conditioned for recognizance* his perfona! appearance at fome court of the faid mayor and al- ^ltab|deCthee* dermen of the faid city, to be holden within fix weeks after the or(jcr Qfthe acknowledging fuch recognizance, or at the next court of con- court,

Fervacy to be held for the county in which fuch offence shall be committed, and to ftand to and abide fuch order as shall be made in the premiffes by fuch court, then the goods fo diftrain-cd shall be returned to the party or parties from whom the fame the diftrefs is were taken.; and the/aid court of mayor and aldermen, or court ** rcturn* of confervacy, is hereby impowered and direded upon a peti- and the court tion of appeal prefaced to them, by the party or parties fo con- to hear and yi&ed, complaining of fuch conviction, to appoint a time for determine the hearing and determining the matter of fuch appcal,and there- ^uch Upon to caufe notice to be given to the parties, and to fummoft witneffea to attend at the time fo appointed% and then to examine

H 2	fuch

Digitiz 

ioo	Anno	tricelimo	Georgii	II. C,2i.	[1757.

fiich witnefles upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the matter of fuch Appeal or complaint, and make fuch order thefe-mnd to miti- in, as to fuch court shall feem meet; and the faid courts regate the pc- fpedhvely (hall, and they are hereby impowered to order all of vacate the	Pena^^es	kid	on	or	incurred	by	any	of the parties

convidHon, or complaining, to be mitigated, or to vacate or fet afide fuch con-confirm the vidtion or convidtions, or otherwife to ratify and confirm the fame with fame, and at their difcretion to award fuch reafonable cods to be and on for- Pa*d ky tne aPPelknt, as to them shall feem meet; and the faid feiture of ii- court of mavor and aldermen, or court of confervacy, may, on cognizance,to forfeiture or any fuch recognizance, eftreat the fame into his eftreatthe Majesty’s court of exchequer, there to be proceeded upon and exchwuer cxecutc(* *n t*lc ^ame manner, as eftrcats returned to the faid q * court of exchequer, from any court of confervacy held by the faid mayor of the faid city.

XII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That the mayor, recorder, or any alderman or justice before whom any person shall be convifted in manner prefcribed by this adi, shall caufe fuch refpedtive convidtion to be drawn up in the form, or to the effedi following; that is to fay.

Form of con-vi&ion.

To wit.

BE it remembered, That on this

day of	in the	year of his

Majefty's reign, A. B. is convifted before me> one of bis Majefys jujlices of the peace for the city or county of (as the cafe shall happen to be) for (here fet forth the offence) and 1 do adjudge him to pay and forfeit for the fame the sum of

Given under my hand and feal> the day and year aforefaid.

to be written And the faid mayor, recorder, alderman or justice before whom on parch- fuch conviction shall be had, shall caufe the fame fo drawn up tranfmttted to *n	af°rekid,t0 be fairly written upon parchment, and

the^ourt to> tranfmitted to the court of mayor and aldermen, or court of pe filed}	confervacy, to be filed and kept amongft the records of the faid

court, to which the fame shall be tranfmirted; and in cafe any person or persons fo convicted shall appeal from the judgment of the faid mayor, recorder, or any alderman or justice as aforefaid, to the faid court of mayor and aldermen, or court of confervacy, the faid court of mayor and aldermen, or court of confervacy, is hereby required upon receiving the faid con-vidiion, drawn up in the form aforefaid, to proceed to the hearing and determination of the matter of the faid appeal, acr cording to the directions of this adt j anylaw or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

Convi&ion, or	XIII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

other pro*	That no writ of certiorari, or other writ or procefs for removal

codings of -of any fuch con vidtion, or any proceedings thereon, into any

<*



1757-1	Anno	trlccfimo	GeoRGiiII.	c.	21.	ior

101

fon, againft whom a warrant shall be ifTued by the faid mayor, efcape out of fecorder, or any alderman, or justice of the peace, either before theiurifdiftioii or after conviftion as aforefaid, for any offence againft this aft, 0 /a"nctj^j lhallefcape,gointo, refide,or be in any other county, riding, divifi- Arrant a-on, city, liberty, town or place out of the jurifdiftion of fuch person gainft him, granting fuch warrant or warrants as aforefaid; or if the goods or if hit good* and chattels of any offender convifted if any offence in pur-fuance of this aft, shall be in a different county, riding, diyifion, city, liberty, town or place, than where the laid party was convifted, or the warrant of diftrefs granted; it shall and may be any justice of lawful for the faid mayor, recorder, or any alderman as aforefaid,#the peace, &c. or any justice of the peace of the county, riding, divifion, city, lndorr* liberty, town or place into which fuch person shall efcape either c warran * before or after conviftion, or where his goods and chattels shall be, after fuch conviftion; and they and every of them are hereby required, upon proof made upon oath of the hand writing of the faid mayor, recorder, alderman or justice granting fuch warrant or warrants, to indorfe his or their name or names on fuch warrant; and the fame, when fo .indorfed, shall be a fufficient and .peace offi-authority to all peace officers to execute fuch warrant in fuch cerexecutetht other county, riding, divifion, city, town or place out of theju- famc» rffdiftion of the person granting tne faid warrant; and the (aid mayor, recorder, aldermen and juftices refpeftively, or any one and the ofFen-of them, as the cafe shall happen, after indorfing the faid warrant, dV™£r . may, on the offender or offenders being apprehended and brought	UC

before the faid mayor, recorder, aldermen or juftices, or any one or remanded of them, within their refpeftivejurifdiftions, proceed to hear and back tobetri-‘ determine the complaint, in the fame manner as if it had origi- j!d ty Penally arofe within their refpeftive jurifdiftions, or may direft thej^e warrant? offender to be carried to the person who granted the faid warrant, to be dealt with according to law.

XV. Provided always, and it is hereby enafted and declared, Rjghtsandpri That nothing in this aft contained shall extend or enure to pre-judice or derogate from the rights, privileges, franchifes or au- don,-and of thority of the city of London, or any rights, privileges or authority tlie mayor and exercifed by the mayor of the faid city for the time being, as con- corporation, fervator as aforefaid ; or to prohibit, defeat, alter or diminifh rc^I^ed* ' any power, authority or jurifdiftion, which at the time of making this aft, the mayor commonalty and citizens of London, or the mayor of the city of London, as confervator of the faid river of Thames and waters of Medway, did or might lawfully claim, ufe orexercife; and further, That it shall and maybe lawful to and The, mayor, for the faid mayor of the faid city for the time being, in like man- as confervator, ner as he hath'ufed to do in other cafes, to inquire of, hear and mr*}c^ent determine, by prefentment or indiftment taken before him as or^ndiamenf, confervator of the faid river and waters, all unlawful and undue all unlawful filhing, and taking and deftroying fifh, and all other offences and undue contrary to fuch rules, orders and ordinances as shall be made fidun£> *nd Q*

Hj

by

Anno tricesimo Georgia It c.21.	$1757*

by the fiud court of mayor and aldermen, and allowed and ap~ proved of as aforefoid; and upon convi&ion of any fuch offender or offender*, to hnpofe a fine on him, her or them for the laid offence, not exceeding the penalties which shall be inflideA in and by the foid roles, orders or ordinances; and which fine or fines, when levied and recovered, shall be applied and diftri-buted in like manner as the penalties inflided by the foid court of confervacy have been ufually applied and diftributed • but n* person shall be punifhed twice for one and the fame offence.

XVI, And be it further enaded by the authority aforefoid. That all adions, fuits and informations, which shall be commenced and profecutcd againft any person or persons for any thing which he, (he or they shall do, or caufe to be done in pur-* fuance of this ad, shall be commenced, fued or profecutcd within fix months next after the caufe of adion shall accrue 1 and all fuclvperfons againft whom any fuch actions, fuits or informations shall be commenced, fued or profecuted, shall and General iflue. may plead the general iffue^ and give this ad and the fpecial matter in evidence; and if in any luch fuit, the plaintiff or pro-fecutor shall become nonfuit, or shall forbear profecution, or difeontinuehis fuit; or if a verdid shall pafs, or judgment shall be given againft him upon a demurrer, then, and in any fiich Double Gafts, cafe, the defendant or defendants (ball recover double cofts, for which he or they shall have like remedy, as when cofts by law are awarded; and this ad shall be taken and allowed in all courts Bttblick aft. within this kingdom as a publick a d 5 and all judges and juftices are hereby required to take notice thereof as fuch, without the fame being fpecially pleaded.

Aft 24 G. 2, XVII, And be it further enaded by the authority aforefoid, e. 44. extend- That the ftatute made in the twenty fourth year of his present ftratea'aifing Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act for the rendering juftices of the under thisaS; fHtu mri M* m	execution of their office ; and for indemnifying

conftfibUs and others, afling in obedience to their warranty fo for as the fold ad relates to the rendering juftices of the peace more fofe in the execution of their office, shall extend, and be conftrued to extend; to the mayor, recorder and every alderman of the foid city of London*) and to every justice and juftices of the peace^ ad-h”V,°w?'0n ^ bnder the authority or in the execution of this ad; and no ga!n(t*zn offi.	or	fuit shall be h?d or commenced againft, nor any writ

cer. tillf/ no- fued out, or copy of writ ferved upon the foid water bailiff, his ticc be given affiftant or affiftants, or any other officer or officers, for any thing hm thereof; done in the execution of this ad> until notice in writing (ball have been given to him or them, or left at his or their ufual place of abode, by the attorney for the party commencing fuch adion, or fuing out fiich writ, one month before the commencing fuch adion, or fuing out or fcrving the copy of the foid writ; which foid notice in writing shall contain the name and place of abode of the perfott who is to bring fuch adion, together with the caufe of adion or complaint; and the name and place of abode of the faid attorney, shall be under wrote or indorfed thereon 4 aod the foid water bailiff, bfoagifont or affiftants, and

ther offences contrary to the rules? and iinpofe fuitable fines,

to he applied as penalties inflicted by the court of coa-fqpvaty.

Limitation of actions.



1757-1 Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c.21.	103

the laid other officer or officers ftiall be at liberty, and may, by and he upy virtue of this ad, at any time within one calendar month after ^ fiich notice, tender or caufe to be tendered any fum or turns of ^plainecU^ money, as amends for the injury complained of to the party	9

complaining, or to the faid attorney; and if the fame is not ac- and plead the cepted, the defendant or defendants in fuch adion or adions fame, &c. or may plead fuch tender in bar of fuch adion or adions, together with the general iflue, or any other plea, with leave of the court;	*

and if upon iffue joined upon foch tender, the jury shall find the amends tendered to have been fufficient, the faid jury shall find a verdid for the defendant or defendants; and in fuch cafe, or if the plaintiff shall become nonfuit, or difeontinue his adion; or if judgment shall be given for the defendant or defendants upon and ^f?n * demurrer, the defendant or defendants shall beintitled to double J^le cods; and if the jury shall find that no fuch tender was made, or that tho^ amends tendered were not fufficient; and alfo shall Plaintiff recofind againft the defendant or defendants, on fuch other plea or vering, intitled pleas by them pleaded, the faid juiw shall find a verdid for the fo damages . plaintiff, and fuch damages as they (nail think proper; for which the faid plaintiff shall have judgment, together with his cods of fuit.

XVIII.	Saving always to the King** moft excellent majefty, ftefervation of bis heirs and fucceffors, and all bodies politick and corporate, accuftomabie and to the high court of admiralty, and all other courts and per- HP*115 *nd PjJ* ions, all fines, forfeitures, penalties, amerciaments, and wreck and to of fieta, which of right have been referved and become due and au bodies po-payable to the faid courts and persons refpedively, for and in litick and cor-rclped of the faid fiftiery or drudging; or otherwife, and all poratc, and o-rights, titles, eftates, jurifdidions, privileges or franchifes what- ther (clever, in as full and ample a manner as the fame were or have

been, before the making of this ad; and alfo all fuch right, title, intereft, claim,privilege and confervation, and inquiry and puaifoment of and for the offences afore faid, as they or any of them lawfully have and enjoy, or of right ought to have and enjoy, by any manner of means; any thing in this ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority	0f

aforefaid. That this ad, or any thing herein contained, shall rights to the not extend, or be conftrued to extencUto prejudice or derogate admiralties of from any of the rights of the admiralties or vice-admiralties of Kent and ?C-Ktnt or EJfex, or any ptfearies or fifhings belonging to or apper- Pdcanes, touting to the faid-rity of Londony or any other city or town corporate, or any lords of manors, proprietors, owners or occupiers

of any rivers, creeks, dreams or fiiheries adjacent to or within any part of the faid limits, or to the rights of any other person or per-Ions within the limits aforefaid,

XX.	Provided alfo. That nothing in this ad contained shall places and

extend, or be conftrued to extend, to any Wherman or drudger- persons ex-man who now do or shall hereafter inhabit or dwell in any of the	from

cinque ports or their members, or in the city of Roebefter, or	,on

tywHf of'fdftce of Strtyd, Chatham, Frindsbury9 Gillingham*, MH-

\ 4	H	4	-	ton*



f°4

Annp tficcfimo Geo»gh II, c.20.	[1757.

tony $lueenborougb9 Fevtrjbam, JVhitftaple or the placed adjacent^ but that fuch fishermen and drudgermen shall and may ufe and exercife their trader of fifhing and drudging, and foiling, in* as full and ample manner as they have heretofore lawfully done, to all intents and purposes as if this ad had never been made. Fiftiermen not XXI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enaded, liable to take That nothing herein contained shall extend or be conftrued to orpay^any^ra- cxtenc*t0 im power or authorize the faid mayor, court of mayor tujty for liber- and aldermen, the water bailiff, or any other person whatfoever, ty offiihing, to grant any licence or licences, or to make any rules* orders or ordinances whereby any licence or licences (hail be required to be taken by any fifherman, drudgerman or other perfon, for go* . ing out to fi(h, filhing, drudging, or taking fi(h in any manner of way, or whereby any gratuities, rewards or compensations, under any pretence or denomination whatfoever, shall be paid or payable by any fifherman, drudgerman or other fuch perfon, to the water bailiff, or his fucceffors, or to any other person or perfons; or to appear or whereby any fuch fifherman, drudgerman or other fuch person andenter their shall be obliged to appear beforethe laid mayor, water bailiff or names, .	other perfon, to enter his or their fever^l name or names, in any

or to be e	reg^er or other book, or whereby any fuch fifherman, drudgerr

ftnpmed from man or ot^ier person as aforefaid, shall be limited or reffrained keeping syiy from keeping any number of boys in any one boat, as fuch number ot , fifherman, drudgerman, or other person shall judge proper; any thing in the faid act of the ninth year of her late majefty Queen Anne, or any Qther ftatute, law, cuftonj or qfage to the con? trary in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP. XXII.

An act to explain and amend an aft made in the eighteenth year of bis present Majefty's reign9 to prevent the misbehaviour of the drivers of carts in the ftreets in London, Weftminfter, and the Umits of the weekly bills of mortality \ and for other purposes in this aft mentioned.

\\7 HEREAS by an aft •made and pajfed in the eighteenth * V V year of his present Majefty's reign, intituled, An act to repeal a clause in an ad made in the third year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, relating to carts ufed by persons inhabiting within the limits of the Weekly bills of mortality; and to allow fuch carts to be drawn with three horfes; ana to prevent the misbehaviour of the drivers of carts in ftreets within the faid limits therein reciting (amongft other things) that great inconveniendes had arifen from the irregular behaviour of carmen, draymen and other persons driving carts, drays and other carriages within the cities of London and Weftminfter, and fuburbs thereof the borough of Southwark, and other ftreets within the bills of mortality, by their miffing and hindering the pajfage of his Majesty s fiuhjefts through the faid ftreets and highways, and committing other diforders of the Hie kind; for remedy whereof it was thereby enafted, That from and qf t$r the twenty nipth day ^September one tboufandjeven hundred 2	and

i	*

 

1757*1 Anno trictfimo Georgii II. c.22.	toj

and forty jha, no person or forfait whatfoever Jbould drive any cart, car or dray of any kind whatfoever, within the limits aforefaid, unlefs the mafier or owner of fitch cart, car or dray, Jbould place upon fame confpicuous part Offuch cart, car or dray thenameof the owner offuch tarty car or dray, and the number of fuch cart, car or dray fo belonging unto him, in order that the driver of fuch cart, car or dray might the more eafity beconvified for any diforder or misbehaviour committed by him as aforejdid; ana it was thereby further enabled. That every owner of fuch cart, car or dray rejiding within the limits aforefaid,

Jbould enter his name and plate of abode with the commijjioners for //-cenfong hackney coaches, for which entry he Jbould pay the sum of one fulling and no more; and the faid commijjioners were thereby required to receive and regifter fuch entry as aforefaid 5 and it was thereby alfo enabled. That in cafe any person or persons Jbould drive any fuch edrt, car, or dray, within the limits aforefaid, not marked, numbered and entered as before direfied, every fuch person fo offending Jbould forfeit the sum of forty Jhillings, and it Jbould be lawful for any person or per Jons to feisse and detain the cart, car or dray, or any of the horfes drawing the fame, and them to detain untilfuch penalty Jbould be paid: fnd whereas no provifion is made by the faid aft, to whom the money forfeited fball go and be paid, or to Jell the cart, car, dray or horfe asJbaU be feized in purfuance of theJaid abf, to raise the forty /billings forfeited', be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That one moiety of the money Application of which shall be forfeited by the driver of any cart, car or dray,thc fortcU^rct under the faid adt, shall go and be paid to the person or persons who shall apprehend and profecute to convidtion any offender or offenders againft the faid adt; and that the other moiety thereof shall go and be paid to the overfeers of the poor, if there shall be any, of the pariih or place in which the offence shall be committed ; and if there shall be no overfeers in fuch pariih or place, then to fome other officer of fuch parish or place, for the ufe of the poor of fuch parish or place; and if the offender or offenders, on being convidted of any offence againft the faid adt, before hours, di-any justice of the peace within his juriTdidtion, shall not, within itrefc may be .the fpace of twenty four hours after any fuch convidtion, pay fold, the forty (hillings forfeited, then the fame shall be raifed by fale of the cart, car, dray or horfe which shall be feized; and every justice of the peace within his jurifdidtion, is hereby authorized 'and required toifiue his warrant under his hand and feal,diredted to the conftable, or fome other peace officer of the pariih or place in which the cart, car, dray or horfe feized shall be, to caufe faleto be made thereof with all convenient fpeed, for railing the money which shall be forfeited for any fuch offence or offences as aforefaid; rendering to the offender or offenders the Overplus to be overplus, (if any there shall be) after deducting the charges of returned, after the fale of any fuch cart, car, dray or horfe, and alfo the expences deducting att the party or parties who shall have made the feizure shall be atchar^ by detaining or hoofing thereof, or keeping any horfe feized,

on-

 

On changing the property, new owner’s mme to be affixed on the P^t,

and to be entered i and in thereof^

Offender to forfeit 4.0s.

fo§	Anno	triecGmo	Gbor&ii	IL	c.12.	t*7570

until Tale shall ba made thereof in purfuance ef this id* or tbt money forfeited shall be paid*

II.	And be it further epaded by tbe authority aforciaid, That every time the property of any cart, car or dray, which is or shall be entered with the (aid commissioners for licenfing hackney coaches in purfuance of the faid recited or this present ad, (hau be altered, the new owner or owners thereof (hall, from time to time, within feven days next after be, (he or they shall become owner or owners thereof, caufe the name or names of the former owner or owners thereof to be taken off from every foch cart, car or dray, and the name or names of the new and real owner or owners thereof to be put or painted in large and legible chandlers upon fome confpicuous part thereof, and alfo to be entered with the (aid commissioners for licenfing hackney coaches; and if any omifiion shall be made in doing thereof, and any perfon

andln default ^all drive any fuch cart* car or dray within the limits aforefakl, thcrJnfi e aU 1 not having the name or names of the real owner or owners thereof painted or put thereon, in (bme confpicuous part thereof, and alfb entered with the fa;d coronfa (Boners for licenfing hackney coaches as herein before is direded, every fuch person fo offending in the promifles, shall forfeit for every fuch offence the funi of forty (hillings on being thereof convided, either by his own confemop,or by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or wit-pefles, before any justice of the peace of the county, city, divilion or {dace where any fuch offence shall be committed; and die faid moiety fo forfeited, shall go and be applied in like manner as the forty ihillings forfeited for any offence committed againfttbe faid herein before recited ad is hereby direded to go and be applied ■> and every fuch cart, car and dray, and any horfe drawing the feme, is and are hereby fubjeded and made liable to be feized by any person or persons, and alto to be fold, to raise and anfwer the money which shall be forfeited in purfuance of this ad, together with the reasonable charges of every fuch fale, and of hoofing the cart, car or dray which shall be feized under this ad, and keeping the horfe which shall be alfo feized under this ad, until fale shall be made thereof, or the money forfeited (haU b« paid.

III.	And whertosfome doubt bath been made whether thejuflues of the few of tbe eity of London are authorized to afeertain at their general or quarter fejfons of the peace in London, the rates or prices of goods token up in London tand earned for hire out of London into the city of Weftminfter, and other places contiguous to London, by tbe carts, ears or earrooms licenfed to work in London, and to compel perfom who Jhall work any fuch carts, cars or earrooms Iktnfed to work in London, to carry goods from any parts of the faid city of London into the faid city of Wefttniofier, and other parts adjacent to London; and to enforce payment to the carmen for their labour and carriage of goods, according to the rates or prices which jhall be fit or qfeertained at the faid general or quarter feffions of the peace in London, ondbyrea* fen thereofmanyinconamumits have happened to merchant sand others \

te it therefore further eroded by the wtlwiiy tfwfibdr That tto

and the cart and horfe may be feized and

m-

 (^.ooQie

1757-] Anna tricesimo Georgii II. c. 22.	107

Radices of the peace for the faid city of London, for the time be- Juftices of the tng, shall have power and authority, and they are hereby enjoined cltYt0 and required at the next general feffions of the peace which (hall	0/c*r*

be holden for the faid city of London after the twenty fourth day riage of good#* of Juno one thauiand feven hundred and fifty feven, and fo afterwards at the general feffions of the peace which shall be holden for the faid city of London next after the twenty fourth day of June in every year, as occafion shall require, to aflefs and rate reafonable rates and prices for the carriage of all goods taken up m the faid city of London, and carried by any tuch Jicenfed carts, cars or carrooms, as well in the faid city of London as from the faid city of London into the faid city of IVeJlminJier} or any other place or places not exceeding the diftance or three miles from the find city of London 5 and to make, frame and fet down and to make in writing fuch reafonable rules, orders and ordinances for go- rules forregu* veraing and regulating fuch carts, cars and carrooms, and the lating carts drivers thereof, and * to compel payment for carriage of goods by fuch licenfed carts, cars or carrooms, according to the rates ment 0f their or prices which shall be rated, affeffed or fet at any fuch feffions fare, of the peace in London as aforefaid* and to annex reafonable pe- and to annex nalties for breach of any fuch rules, orders or ordinances, not penalties for exceeding five pounds for any one offence, as to the major part	or"

of the juftices at any fuch feffions of the peace in London	*

Med shall feem meet; and fuch rules, orders and ordinances, . or any of them, from time to time, at any other fuch feffions of	#.

the peace as aforefaid in London, to alter and amend; and fuch mend the new or other rules, orders and ordinances, touching the matters fame, or make aforefaid, with fach reafonable penalties and forfeitures (not ex- ne* orders, feeding five pounds for any one offence) to make, as to the major part of the juftices at any fuch feffions of the peace affem-bled (hall, from time to time, feem meet, for the better putting this a<ft in execution.

IV.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it ena&ed by the authority The find rules aforefaid, That all fuch rules, orders and ordinances, fo to be to be printed from time to time made at apy fuch feffions of the peace in and publi&od, London (hall, within thirty days after the making the fame, be

printed aod affixed up in fome publick places of the faid city of London, and be otherwife made publick, in fuch manner as the find juftices at their general or quarter feffions of the peace shall think proper, and from time to time order.

V.	And whereas hit Majefly's fubiefts are frequently interrupted and hindered puffing on their lawful occafms in the publick Jlreets, lanes and open pajfages in the cities of London and Weftmjnfter, and within the weekly bills of mortality, by empty pipes, butts, barrels^ oasis and other vejfels, and alfo by empty tarts, tars, drays or other oarriages, ftanding or being placed there, and by other objlruftions; perfons

for remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the authority afore- fupy 0bftru&-£rid. That no persons, after the faid twenty fourth day of June, shall ingthepaflaga wilfully obftrudl the paffing and repaffing of his Majesty’s fob- of the ftreets, jofts in any fuch publick ftreets, lanes or open paflages within flip limit* tafor* ipcntioaod, or ^ Qr foaoyempty ig™ ’ ^

pipes,

%



io8	Anno tricclimo Georgii II. c.22.	[1757.

pipes, butts, barrels, casks or any other veffels in any fuch publick ftreets, lanes or open paflages within the limits aforefaid, (except for fuch reafonable time only as shall be neceflary for the carrying ■	or	removing	thereof	to	or from any houfe, warehoufe, cellar,

vault or other place, or for the trimming thereof) or fet or place any empty cart, car, dray or other carriage in any fuch publick (Ireet, lane or open paffage within the limits aforefaid, except only dur-except while ing fuch reafonable time as any fuch cart, car or other carriage plying for hire shall be plying for hire, in the place or places appointed or to be 011 ^eir pro- appointed for the (landing thereof fo to ply for hire, by the per-per an s, fons auth0rized to appoint fuch the (landings thereof, and except during fuch reafonable time as any fuch cart, car, dray or other . carriage shall be waiting in any fuch publick (Ireet, lane or open or fettinf UP* paflage to load or unload goods or commodities, or to take up down,a tare, or fet down a fare; and that every person offending in any of the cafes aforefaid, and being convicted of any fuch offence, either by his own confeffion, or by the oath of one or more credible witnefsor witnefles, before any justice of the peace of the county, city, divifion or place where any fuch offence shall be committed, shall for every fuch offence forfeit any fum not ex-liable to for- ceeding twenty shillings, and not Jefs than the sum of five ceedilT^aos	5 or	committed	to	the houfe of correction, or

norldf than	ot^cr prifon of the county, city, liberty, divifion or place

5* or to be in which the offence shall be committed, or the offender shall committed, have been apprehended, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one calendar month, as any fuch justice shall think fit and order.

VI.	And whereas the pajfage from Weftminfter bridge into the city of Weftminfter is greatly' objlrufted, and rendered vnfife, by the conjlant Jland of hackney coaches and other carriages, plying for hire near the faid bridge; be it therefore further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That no hackney coachman, carman, or No coaches or other person or persons, (hall, from and after the faid twenty «urts to ply fourth day of June, ply for hire with any hackney coach, cart, rtreetshere* C or ot^er wheel carriage, in Bridge Street, Parliament Streety mentioned. Great George Streety St. Afargaret’s Street, or Abingdon Street, in the city of IVeftninjlcry or any of the faid ftreets 5 or (lop or (lay nor to flop in any of the faid ftreets with any fuch coach, cart, or other than to^ake wkeel triage, any longer time than shall be reafonable for fuch Up or fet down coac^man,. carman, or other perfon, having the care of any % fare,	wheel	carriage, to wait to take up or fet down his fare, or to

load and unload goods or other commodities 5 and that every coachman, carman, or other perfon, having the care of any fuch wheel carriage, offending in any of the cafes aforefaid, and being conyiCled of any fuch offence, either by his own confeffion, or by the oath or one or more credible witnefs or witnefles . before any justice of the peace for the city and liberty of Weft-tfiinjler, which oath fuch justice is hereby impowered and re-on forfeiture quired to admipifter, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit any of a fum not fum not exceeding twenty shillings, and not lefs than five (hil-cxcttthng jjugs / (haii 1^ committed to the houfe of correction in Weft-

:	m?

J757*]

Anno tricesimo Georgji II. c.21.

*99

minjler, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for any time nor left than riot exceeding one calendar month, as any fuch justice (hajl think fit and order.

VII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Driverofany

That if the driver of any carriage whatfoever in the faid cities of carriage, ob-London or JVeJfminfter, or in any publick ftreet or common high- lb-u&ingthe ways within the faid weekly bills of mortality, shall by negli-	theVreeu^

gence or wilful milbehaviour prevent, hinder or interrupt the within the bills free paflage of his Majesty’s fubjects, in any of the publick of mortality, ftreets in London or JVeJlminfter, or in any publick ftreets or common highways within the faid weekly bills of mortality, eveiy

fuch driver being convicted thereof, either by his own confei-lion, or by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or wit-nefles before any justice of the county, city, divifion, liberty or place wherein any fuch offence shall be committed,, and which oath every fuch justice is hereby impowered to adminifter, shall for every fuch offence forfeit any Aim not exceeding twenty (hillings ; or shall be committed to the houfe of correction, or fome forfeits any other prifon of the county, city, liberty, divifion or place in Ann note*- , which the offence fliall have been committed, or the offender shall have been apprehended, there to be kept to hard labour, coimnitt^. for any time not exceeding one calendar month, as any fuch justice shall think fit and order.

VIII.	And for preventing obflruftiotis in all the publick highways

of this kingdom\ be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the°pairageof if any perfon, after the twenty fourth day of June one thou- any of the fand feven hundred and fifty feven, shall fet, place or leave, any highways by empty waggon, cart, or any other carriage, in any publick high- empty wagway within this kingdom, fo as in any manner to interrupt °r ^p^whTle hinder the free paflage of any other carriage, or of his Majesty’s they are load-fubjefts, except only during fuch reafonable time as fuch wag- ingor unload-gon, cart or carriage shall be loading or unloading, every person fo offending, and being convicted of fuch offence, either by his own confeffion, or by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, before any justice of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city or place where fuch offence shall be committed, which oath fuch justice is hereby impowered and required to adminifter; (hall, for every fuch offence forfeit and pay any fum t0 ^ levied by not exceeding twenty fhillings, to be levied by diftrefs and fale diftrefs and of the offender’s goods and chattels, bv warrant under the hand faJe > and feal of any justice of the peace; and for want of fufficient di- and for want ftrefs, fuch justice is hereby impowered and required to commit of diftrefs, of-fuch offender to the houfe of correction, or fome other prifon of Amder he the county, riding, divifion, city or place in which the offence commlttc * shall be commited, or the offender shall have been apprehended, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one calendar month.

IX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, 10f. penalty

That if after the faid twenty fourth day of June, the driver of driver ri-any waggon, cart, car, dray or other carriage, on any publick highway, shall ride upon any fuch carriage, not having fome	fith?

other

■;



no	Anno tricesimo Gfcofton II. c. 22.	[^757*

put fome other other person on foot or on horfeback to guide the fame (fiich person to coti- carriages as are refpeftively drawn by one horfe only, or by two or caufine any horfe$ abreaft, and are conducted by fome person holding the damage; 1 reins of fuch horfe or horfcs, excepted) or it the driver of any or obflru&mg carriage whatfoever on any of the faid highways, shall by negli-the P*ffa5e > gence or mifbehaviour caufe any hurt or damage to any person ty not1Paffin8 or ^ing uPon fuch highway i or shall by negligence or way for coach- vrilful mi(behaviour, prevent, hinder or interrupt the free p adage e», &c. or of any other carriage, or of his Majefty's fubjefts on the laid loaded car- highways; or if the driver of any empty or unloaded waggon, nagcs i cart qt other carriage, shall refufe or negleft to turn afide and make way for any coach, chariot, chaife, loaded waggon, cart, or other loaded carriage; every fuch driver offending in any of the cafes aforefaid, and being convifted of fuch offence, either by his own confeffion, or by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, before any justice of the peace of the county, riding, divifion or place where fuch offence shall be committed (which oath fuch justice is hereby impowered and required to be levied by to adminifter) shall for every fuch offence, forfeit any fum not diftrefs and exceeding twenty shillings, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of want of d/°r t^ie officer** goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand ftreft, offender an<* ^ of any justice of the peace; and for want of fufEcient to be commit- diftrefs, fuch justice is hereby impowered and required to com-mit fuch offender to the houfe of cofreftion, or fome other prifon of the county, riding, divifion or place in which the offence shall be committed, or the offender shall have been apprehended, there to remain and be kept to hard labour, for any time not exceeding one month.

Application of X. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That forfeitures for all penalties and forfeitures for offences againft this aft on the offences on publick highways, shall be applied, one moiety to the informer, the highways. ancj t^e otjier moiety to the furveyor or furveyors of the highways in the parirti wherein fuch offence shall be committed, to be by fuch furveyor ot furveyors applied in the repair of the highways within fucn refpeftive parifh.

Offender being , XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, apprehended. That if any person who shall be apprehended for having com-notdifcover- fitted any offence againft this aft, shall refufe to difcover his arul abode^ro name and place of abode, to the justice or juftices before whom be committed, he shall be brought, fuch person fo refufing shall be immediately delivered over to a constable or other peace officer, and shall by him be conveyed to the corrurion gaol, or houfe of correftion, of the county or place Where the offence shall be committed, there to remain until he shall declare his name and place of abode to the faid juftice, or to fotne other justice of the (aid county or place.

Pecuniary for. XII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, feitures, not Thrt the pecuniary forfeitures by this aft incurred, and For Je* before provid- vying whereof no provifion is herein before made, shall and may 1 *ed bvdi* ^ev‘e<^ ky diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of every ftrefs aiui	offender (rendring tq him the overplus, after the charges

of

 LiOOQLe

•i ?57*1 Artfto tHtefimo GBokGii tl. c. 22;.	11 c

of the dtftfels and file shall be deducted) by warrant under the of the offend-hand and feal of the justice before whom the offender was con- er * S000*8-vidtedj and one moiety of all which pecuniary forfeitures, .	.

whereof the application is not herein before directed, shall be thereof^0* paid to the person or persons who shall profecuteto convidtion any offender or offenders agairtft this adt; and the other moiety thereof shall be paid to the o.verfeers of the poor, if there (nail be any, of the parish or place in which the offence shall be committed, 6r the Offender mall have been apprehended ; and if there shall be no overfeers in fuch parish or place, then to fome other officer of fueh parish or place, for the ufe of the poor Of fuch parish or place.

XIII* And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Offenders may That any person or persons who shall .fee any of the offences herein	apprehend-

before mentioned, and intended by this adt to be redrefled, com- fons VedngSie rtiitted, shall and may by the authority of this adt, and without offence com-any other warrant, apprehend the offender or offenders, and mitted.

(hall, with all convenient fpeed then afterwards convey or deliver every fuch offender and offenders to a conftable, or fome other peace officer of the county, city or place in which the offence shall be committed, or tne offender shall be apprehended, in order to be conveyed before fome justice of the peace of fuch county, city or place, there to be dealt with according to law.

XIV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, inhabitants of That in all adtions, fuits, trials, and other proceedings in purfu- tlx: place since of this adt, or in relation to any matter or thing herein where any of-conrained, any inhabitant of the parifh, town or place in which committed any offence or offences shall be committed, contrary to the true deemed legal intent and meaning of this adt, or the fard herein before recited witneffes. adt, shall be admitted to give evidence, and shall be deemed a competent witnefs, notwithstanding his, her or their being an inhabitant of the parish or place in which any fuch offence or

offences lball have been committed.

XV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, offender* ptr* That no perfon, who by virtue of this adt shall be punilhed for niflied under any offence or offences by him, her or them committed, shall this adt, net be punifhed for the fame offence or offences under any other law

or ftatute; and that if any action or fuit shall be commenced fence by any againft any person or perfong for any thing done in purfuance of other, this adt, the defendant or defendants m any fuch a&ion or fuit, may plead the general iffue, and give this adt and the fpecial matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that- ncra 1 uc* the fame Was done in purfuance and by the authority of this ad; and* if it shall appear fo to have been done, a verdidt shall be recorded for the defendant or defendants ; and if the plaintiff shall be nonfuited, or difeontinue his adtion, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared 5 or if judgment shall be given upon any verdidl or demurrer againft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover double cofts, and Double cofts* have the like* remedy for the fome, as any defendant or defendants



ti2	Anno	tricefimp	GboRGuIL	c,	aji [1757,

ants hath or have in other cafes by law for recovery of his or their cofts.

CAP. XXIII. dn aft for enabling bis Majefiy to raise the futn of1 ont 'mil* lion, for the ufes and pterpofes therein mentioned

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majeflfs mojl dutiful and kyat fubjefts, the comment of Great Britain in parliament ajfembled, having taken into our fcrious confederation your Majejlfs mojl gracious mcjfage, fig-nifying your Majesty s defere to be enabled by your faithful commons, to defray any extraordinary expemes of the war, incurred or to be in-curred, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, and to take all fuch meafitres as may be necessary to disappoint or defeat any cnterprizes or defegns of your Majefiy*s enemies, One million an^ as exigency °f Affairs may require, have refolved io give and granted to his grant to your Majefiy the sum of one million for that purpofe; and do Majesty tode- therefore mojl humbly befeech your Majefiy, that it may be enafted \ fray extraor- and be it enafted by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and cx‘ with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, * and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by tfye Majesty authority of the fame. That it shall and may be lawful to and Sda^i»nfi n ^or	mo^	excellent	majefty,	by	warrant or warrants

manual may under his royal fign manual, to authorize and impower the com-authorize the miflioners or his Majefty's treasury now or for the time being, treifurytotakc or any three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer for the

wUHie'exche t,mc b**ng> at anY t*me or ^mes before *be day °f Janu-qner bills for" afJ onc thousand feven hundred and fifty eight, to caufe or di-the faid fura, reft any loans to be taken or received at his Majeft/s exchequer, from any person or persons, natives or foreigners,’ body or bodies politick or corporate; or any number of exchequer bills to be made out there, for any dim or fums of money, not cxceed-mg ,n loins and exchequer bills together, in the whole, the faid are to be taken fum of one million, in the fame or like manner, form and order, °k by and accorc**ng to the famc or hke ru^cs and direftions, as m and aft 5SKf. by an a(^ lb*s present feflion of parliament, intituled, An aft (ion.	for granting an aid to his Majefiy by a land tax to be raifed in Great

Britain for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven; and for difeharging certain arrears of land taxes incurred before the time therein mentioned; and for the more ejfeftual collecting of arrears for the future, are enafted and preferibed concerning the loans or exchequer bills to be taken or made in purfuancc of the faid aft.

Claufes, &c. JJ. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefald,; That in the faid aft ajj an(j evcry the claufes, provifoes, powers, privileges, advan-foans^ ex- tages, penalties, forfeitures and difablities, contained in the faid chequer bills laft-mentioned aft relating to the loans or exchequer’bills au-therein, ex- thorized to be made by the fame aft (except fuch claufes as do charge the fame oh the taxes granted by the fame aft) shall jpt 48	*	e	appl ied and extended to the loans and exchequer Mils to be grade*

ia

in the fame manner as loans or ex-chequer bills

 

1757.] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 23.

in purfuancc of this aft, as fully and effeftually to all intents made in pur-and purpofes, as if the fame loans or exchequer bills had been	tua

originally authorized by the faid laft-mentioned aft, or as if the faid ieVcra) claufes or provifoes had been particularly repeated and re enafted in the body of this aft.

III. And be it declared and further enafted by the authority The bank im-aforefaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the governor and powered to company of the bank of England, to advance or lend to his fend his Maje-Majefty, in like manner, at the receipt of the exchequer, upon fum,1 oi^rhe the credit of loan granted by this aft, any fum or Turns of mo- credit of this ney not exceeding in the whole, the sum of one million,; any aft, thing in an aft made in the fifth and fixth years of the reign of .nn°tvvl^rta])(^ King IVtlUam and Queen Mary, intituled. An act for granting to ^ ^ ^ their Majcjlies several rates and duties upon tonnage of /hips and vef-fehy and upon beery ale, and other liquor/, for fecuring certain recomputes and advantages in the faid aft mentioned, to fuch persons as /ball voluntarily advance the sum of one million five hundred tboufand pounds towards carrying on the war agaittjl France, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

Iv. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Loans, with That all fuch loans or exchequer bills, together with the intereft, *hc intereft, to premium, rate and charges incident to or attending the fame, ^ {he^firft1 shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and fhsll Vupplies j be repaid or borne by or out of the firft aids or fupplies which	9

(hall be granted in the next feflion of parliament; and in cafe and if none fufficient aids or fupplies for that purpofe shall not be granted shall be grant* before the fifth day of July one thousand feven hundred and fifty	$	5

eight, then all the faid loans or exchequer bills, with the iflte- ou/oVthe* reft, premium, rate and charges incident to or attending the linking tund* fame, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon fuch monies, as at any time or times, at or after the faid fifth day of July one thousand feven hundred and fifty eight, shall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the lurplufles, excefles, overplus monies, and other revenues, compofing the fund commonly called The finking fund, except fuch monies of the faid finking fund as are appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes by any aft or afts of parliament in that bthalf; and fuch monies of the faid finking fund lhall and may be iflued and applied, as foon as the fame can be regularly dated and afeertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling and difeharging fuch loans or exchequer bills, intereft, premium, rate or charges, until the whole of thftn shall be paid off, cancelled and difeharged, or money fufficient for that purpofe be kept and reftrved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the refpeftive proprietors thereof.

V, Provided always, and be jt enafted by the authority afore- and the mo-1 (aid, That whatever monies shall be fo iflued out of the faid nics iflued tp furnlufies, excefles, overplus monies, or other revenues com- oJ^o? tirft pofipg the finking fund, shall from time to time be replaced by fupplies. ajxj^ut $f the ft fupplies to be then after granted in parlia-	„

meqrWw contained |o the contrary notwirh-iiaqding,	•'	^

VoiT XXII.	I	'	CAP.





<14

Anno trlcefimb GfioRGii ll. t. 24,	[‘757*

CAP. XXIV.

W

yin aft for the more effectual punijbment of p&fons who JhotU attain, or attempt to attain, pojfeffion of goods or minty, by falfe or untrue pretences \ for preventing the Unlawful pawning of goods; for the eajy redemption of goods pawned; and for preventing gaming in pub lick boufes by journeymen, labourers, fervants and apprentices.

HERE AS fcn evil-difpofed persons, to feipport rbelr profligate way of life, /w* by various feubtle ftratagems, threats and devices, fraudulently obtained divers ferns of monty, goods, wares and merchandizes, re the great injury of indujtrious families, and to the manifeft prejudice of trade and credit; therefore for the punilhing all fuch offenders, be it enafted by the King’s rrioft excellent i^ajefty, by and with the advice and confeot of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, Thatfrom and after Perfons con- the twenty ninth day of September one thousand feyen hundred vifted of ob- and fifty (even, all persons who knowingly and defignedly, by Sr Prctencc or pretences, shall obtain from any person or per-falfepre- * fons, moncy* goods, wares or merchandizes, with intent to tences, or of cheat or defraud any person or persons of the fame; or shall fending knowingly fend or deliver any letter or writing, with or whhotft fet^rsln'or^er a name or names fubferibed thereto, or figned with a fictitious to extort mo- na*ne °r names, letter or letters, threatning to accufe any per-ney or goods, fon of any crime punifhable by law with death, tranfportatiori, pillory, or any other infamous punifhment, with a view or intent to extort or gain money, goods, wares or merchandizes from the person or persons fo threatened to be accufed, shall be deemed offenders againft law and the publick peace; and the niflttdby fine court before whom fuch offender or offenders shall be tried, ment^o^by11 *n ca^	or	fhall be convifted of any of the faid

pillory, whip- offences, order fuch offender or offenders to be fined and ini-pingor tranf prifoned, or to be put in the pillory, or publickly whipped; or

may bepu-

portation.

to be tranfported, as foon as conveniently may be (according to the laws made for tranfportation of felons) to fome of his Ma-jefty’s colonies or plantations in America, for the term of (even years, as the court in which any fuch offender or offenders shall be convicted shall think fit and order.

Where a	II*	And	be	it	further	enaCted	by	the	authority	afbrefaid, That

charge is any justice or juftices of the peace of the county, riding* divifion, 1“a^c ,anY city, liberty or place, before whom any person or persons charg-fences,juftice e<* 00 oath, by any credible person or persons, with having ccrm-toenquire mitted any of the offences intended by this aft to be punifhed, :thetmn upon shall be brought, shall examine by oath (which oath every fuch oath*	juftice or juftices is arfd are hereby irnpowered and required to

v	adminifter) and Xuch other lawful means as to any fuch jtiftfce

v.1, w , or juftices shall feem meet, touching the-matters complained of, o/eVthe com- deal with theoffendor or offenders according to law 5- and if piaix»ot,toap. the party or parties charged asbcingtheoffendcror offenders, (bail V.■* . ,	bt

 L,ooQle

,797*3 Aopc.tric4lmD'0«o»Qfi II. c. 24.	115

be committed to prifon* or be admitted to bail, to anfwer thenar and pro* matters complained of at the next general or quarter feflions of fccutf» the pence, 6r rtfcfct fefflons of Oyer and Terminer, which shall be befoforthecountv, riding, divifion, city, liberty or placewhcre-ifl the offence shall be charged, on oath, to have been committed, then fiich justice or juftices shall bind over the profecutor and profecutors of every fuch offender or offenders to appear at the next general or quarter feflions of the peace, or next tedious of Oyer and Terminer which shall beheld for the county, tidings divifion, city, liberty or place wherein the offence (halt bo charged to have been committed, by recognizance, in fuch reaibnabk fum of money as to fuch justice or ju(fences shall feenv requiftte, to profecutc fuch' offender and offenders .with effect ; aAd if any money, goods,, wares or merchandizes fraudulently and his recog-obtained, shall appear to fuch justice or juftices to exceed the nizance to be amount or value of twenty pounds, then the recognizance to be |n	j11

taken in that behalf from the profecutor or profecutors, shall be t0 c au * in not left than double the amount or valuethe fame shall appear before any foch justice or juftices to be worth*.

III. And whereas divers of bis Majefty's fubjefts fuffer great in-cenvemencies and frequent Ioffes, by persons pawning or unlawfully difpefing of the goods and chattels of others, end the persons fo pawning or unlawfully difpofing of the goods or chattels of other j, from the meanmfs of their circuntjlances, are feldom able to make rejlttution ot recompense to the parties injured, and the laws now in being are m/uffieient to punifbfuch offenders \ be it therefore further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid twenty Penaltyof so* ninth day of Septesnber one thoufend feven hundred and fifty on pawning, (even, if any person or persons shall knowingly and defignedly .pOWn or exchange, or unlawfully difpofe of the goods or chat- of goods wnh-teis of any other person or persons, not being employed or au- out leave of thorfzed by the owner or owners thereof fo to do, and shall be the owncr t thereof convicted by the oath of any credible witnefs or witnef-fcs, or by the confeflkm of the person or persons charged wkh with foch offence, before any fuch justice or juftices of the peace as aforefaid (which oath every fuch justice as aforefaid is hereby htiftowered and required to adminifter) every fuch offender (hall, and on non-for every foch offence, forfeit the sum of twenty (hillings; and payment, to in cafe the faid forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, the justice or juftices of the peace as aforefaid, before whom fuch conviction labour, shall be had, (hail commit the party or parties fo convicted to the hoqfe of correction, or (bme other publick prifon of the couftty, riding, divifion, city or place wherein the offender or Offenders shall refide or be convicted, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for the fpace of fourteen days, unlefs the feift forfeiture shall be fooncr paid 5 and if within three days be- and if not paid fott the expiration of the faid fourteen days, the (aid forfeiture wuhin that ftfel) riot be paid, the faid justice or juftices is and are hereby dipped, required to order, upon the application of the profecutor or pro- application of feoicorsvfihe person or persons fo convicted to be publicUy theproicce-wfcippcd in the houfe of correction or prifon to which the of- tor* r	12	fender

 L,ooQle

i i6	Aflrio	tricefiaid	Georgii	II. c• 14.'	[*757

fender or offenders shall be committed; or in fome open, publick place of the city, riding, divifion, town or place wherein, the offence shall have been committed, as to fuch juft ice or juftices Application of shall feetn proper ; and the faid refpe&ive forfeitures when re-the forfeitures covered, shall be applied towards making fatisfa&ion thereout to the party or parties injured, and defraying the cofts of the profecution, as (hhll be adjudged realbnable by the justice or juftices before whom fuch convi&ion lhall be had; but if the party or parties injured shall decline to accept of fuch fatisfadlion and cofts ; or if there shall be any overplus of the faid refpe&ive forfeitures, after making fuch fatisfa&ion, and paying fuch cofts as aforefaid, then fuch refpe&ive forfeitures, or the overplus thereof (as the cafe shall happen) shall be paid and applied to '	and for the ufe of the poor of the parfth or place where the of-

fence lhall have been committed, and shall be paid tqthe over-fe£rs of the poor of fuch parith for that purpofe.

Pawnbroker , IV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, to make entry That all and every person and persons who, from and after the °aw°°dS twenty ninth day of September one thou&nd feven hundred and pledged’or	fifty feven, shall take by way of pawn, pledge or exchange, of or

exchanged, from any person or persons whomfoever, any goods or chattels, of what kind foever the fame shall be, shall forthwith enter or caufe to be entered, in a fair or regular manner, in a book or books to be kept for that purpofe, a defeription of the goods or chattels which he, (he or they (ball receive in pawn, pledge or exchange; and alfo the sum of money advanced or paid there-••	on, with the day of the month and year on which, and the

name and place of abode of the person or persons by whom fuch goods or chattels were fo pawned, pledged or exchanged, and alfo the name and place of abode of the owner or owners thereof, according to the information of the person pawning or and a dupli- pledging, or exchanging the fame; and shall at the fame tin(*e cate, if requi- give a duplicate or copy thereof to the person or persons fo red, to begiv- pawning, pledging or exchanging the faid goods or chattels, if the1 pawner° reclulred; for which the person or persons giving fuch duplicate upon paying or copy, shall be paid by the perfon. or persons who shall fo for the lame, pawn, pledge or exchange fuch goods or chattels, the sum of one half-penny, on goods and chattels pawned for lefs than twenty (hillings; and one penny on goods or chattels pawned for twenty shillings, and not e>«ceeding five pounds, and for every fuch duplicate upon goods or chattels pawned for any larger fum, the sum of two pence, and no more; and in de-Penalty 5I. on fault of making fuch entry, and giving fuch duplicate or eppy, default of ma- jf required as aforefaid, he, (lie or they shall refpedfively for e-ktng^ch cii- yery 0ffence forfeit the sum of five pounds, to be levied by dif-•i'rig fach du.~ trefsand fale of the goods and chattels of the offender oroffen-pifeate. tiers, by warrant under the hand and feal, or hands and feals j of any justice or juftices of the peace of the county, riding, di-- -	vifion, ciry, liberty or place where the offence shall be coov-

£	mined j Which refpedive forfeitures when levied, (hidl bp paid

• ‘	.	,	....	and

Anno tricesimo Georoii II. C..24.	117

and applied: to the ufe of the poor of the parUh or place wherein the offence shall be committed*

V.	And whereas it fometimes happens that the goods or chattels ptfdged and pawned as aforefaid^ are failed ttnd damaged* or ren- . defed of ttfs value than• when the fame wire pledged or pawnedy through the negleft, default^ or misbehaviour of the per Jon or perfons

i9 wham the fame were fo pledged or pawned\ his, her cr their agents er fervantS) either by wearing or ufing thereof or by Utting tbejame but to hire 5 be it therefore ena&ed by the authoriiy aforefaid,

'That if in the courfe of any of the aforefaid proceedings, ber Where goods fore any justice or juftices of the peace, in purfuance of, or un- £e dama ed der this a<ft, it shall appear or be proved to the fatisfadiion of thro^ncgkfl, the justice or juftices upon oath or folemn affirmation as afore- of the pawn-faid, that any of the goods or chattels fo pawned as aforefaic}, broker, are become or have been rendered df lefs value than the fame	#	*

were at the time of pawning or pledging thereof, by or through the default, negledt, or Wilful milbehaviour of the person qr persons to whom the fame were fo pledged or pawned, his, her or their executors, adminiftrators or afligns, agents or fervants, * then, and in any fuch cafe, it shall be lawful, and every fuch justice or juftices is and are hereby required to allow or awar,d a reafonabld fatisfa&ion to the owner or owners of fuch goods or chattels, in refpetft of fuch damage \ and the (urn or fums of money fo allowed or awarded shall be deducted out of the principal and intereft, and allowance for warehoufe~room, which shall appear to be due to any person or persons, to whom the fame were fo pledged or pawned, his, her or their executors, adminiftrators or afligns 5 and in all cafes where the goods and chattels pawned as aforefaid, shall have been damaged as afore-	’	\

faid, it shall be (ufficient for the pawner or pawners, his, her or their executors, adminiftrators or afligns, to pay or tender the money upon the balance, after deducting out of the principal arid intereft, and money payable for warehoufe-raorn as a-fore!aid, for the goods or chattels pawned, fuch reafonable fat\f-fat^ion in re(pe<ft to fuch damage, as any fuch justice or juftices -	r

(hall order or award j and upon fo doing, the justice or juftices .	,

(hall proceed as if the pawner or pawners, his, her or their executors, adminiftrators or afligns, had paid or tendered the whole money due for the principal, intereft, and warehouff-room as aforefaid*

VI.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That from Perfons bny-and after the faid twenty ninth day of September one thousand ing or taking feven hundred and fifty feven, if any person or persons (h^llin plettee» h-knowingly buy pr take in as a pledge, any linen pr apparel, fntmited intruded to any other person or persons to wa(h, fcour, iron, to others to

or make up, and shall be convicted-of the fame, on the wartiormcnd, oath of one Credible witnefs, or on cqqfoflion of the party, bf-fore bne or more justice or juftices, every fuch person or pef-fons shall forfeit double the fum given for or lent on the faxr^e, t0 fprfci^ to be paid to the poor of the panih where the offence is cqm- ‘double th$ nptted? to be recovered in the manner other forfeitures are by fan#

;	■	•	*	13	~	J

 

i r8	Anno	triccfimo Georgii IT. C. 24.	1	tT757.

this *& dire&ed to be recovered ; and shall likewife be obliged •ndreftorethe to reftore the faid goods to the owner in the pretence of the laid goods. justice or juftices.

Perfons offer- VII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, ing goods to That in cafe any person or persons, who (hail offer by way of fate, pawn or pawrij pledge, exchange or fale, any goods or chattels, shall not givin^^good ^ or rc^u^e> t0 &ive a fatisfadtory account of hira-account of felf, herfelf or themfelves, or of the means by which he, (he or themfelves, they, became poffeffed of fuch goods or chattels ; or if there shall be any other reafon to fufpedt that fuch goods or chattels are ftolen, or otherwife illegally or clandeftinely obtained; it may be detain- shall and may be lawful for any person or persons, his, her or cd, and earn- their fervants or agents, to whom fuch goods or chattels shall ***»■ be fo offered, to feize and detain fuch person or persons, and *	’ the faid goods or chattels, and to deliver fuch person or persons,

as foon as conveniently may be, into the cuftody of the confta-ble, or other peace officer, who (hall, and is hereby required,

• immediately to convey fuch person or persons, and the faid '	goods or chattels, before forhe justice or juftices of the peace of

the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty or place, wherein the offence shall be committed ; and if fuch justice or juftices fhall, upon examination and enquiry, have caufc to fufpedt that the faid goods or chattels were ftolen, or illegally or clandeftinely obtained, it shall and may be lawful for fuch justice or juftices to commit fuch person or persons into fafe cuftody, for any time not exceeding the fpace of fix days, in order to be further Juftice, may examined ; and if upon either of the faid examinations, it shall commit the appear to the fatisfadtion of fuch justice or juftices, that the faid party.	goods or chattels were ftolen, or illegally or clandeftinely ob-

tained, the faid justice or juftices is and are hereby authorized and required to commit the party or parties offending to the common gaol or houfe of correction of the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty or place, wherein the offence shall be com-" xnitted, there to be dealt with according to law.

The perfon* VIII. Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enadled, That detaining the jn cafc fuch gOQ^s or chattels fo feized and detained as afore-goo^s,1ndem- ^a,(^ afterwards appear to be the property of the person nified for fo or persons who offered the fame to be pawned, pledged, exdoing. changed or fold, or that he, (he or they, was or were authorized by the owner pr owners thereof to pawn, pledge, ex-r	change, or fell the fame, then and in fuch cafe, the person or

perfons who shall fo feize or detain the party or parties who offered the faid goods or chattels, shall be, and he, (he and they, is and are by this aeft indemnified for having fo done.

IX. And, for the better enabling all persons to recover their goods or chattels, which after the faid twenty ninth day of September one tboufand feven hundred and fifty feven, /hall be unlawfully pawned ' Or pledged to, or exchanged with, any person or persons whatfetvir \ Juftice, upon ^ ft further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That if the oath of the owner or owners of any goods or chattels, unlawfully pawned, owner, toiJTue pledged or exchanged, shall make out, either on his, lier or their

oath,



tAfiB° ftieefimo Georgii II. c. 34.	,1*9

oath, or by the oath of any credible witnefs, or (being one of* warrant to the people called Quakers) by foletnn affirmation before any juf- therfu^ tice or juftices of the peace, within his or their jurisdiction, that {*n^s hJufe, I fuch owner or owners, has or have had, bis, her or their goods and chattels unlawfully obtained or taken from him, her or them, and that there is juft caufe to fufpeeft that any person or persons, within the jurifdi&ion of any fuch justice or juftices hath or have knowingly and unlawfully taken to pawn, or ^y way of pledge, or in exchange, any goods or chattels of fuch owner or owners, and without the privity of, or authority from fuch owner or owners thereof; and shall make appear to the fa-tisfadion of any fuch justice or juftices, probable grounds for fuch the fufpicion of the owner or owners thereof, then and in any ^ fuch cafe, any justice or juftices of the peace, within his or their jurifdidion, may iffue his or their warrant for fearching, in the day-time, the houfe, warehoufe or other place, of any fuch person or persons, who shall be charged on oath or affirmation, as aforefaid, as fufpeded to have knowingly and unlawfully received or taken to pawn, or by way of pledge, or in exchange, any fuch goods or chattels, without the privity of, or authority from the owner or owners thereof; and if the occupier or occupiers of any houfe, warehoufe or other place, wherein any Upon ,^,^1 fuch goods or chattels (hall, on oath or affirmation as aforefaid,ofadmittance be charged or fbfpe&ed to be, shall after the faid twenty ninth officer may day of September one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, °Pen on requeft made to him, her or them, to open the fame, by any1 c °°r‘ peaqe officer authorized to fearch there, by warrant from a justice or juftices of the peace, for the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town or place, in which fuch houfe, warehoufe or Other place shall be fituate, refufe toopen the fame, and permit the fame to be fearched, it shall be lawful for any fuch peace officer to break open any fuch houfe, warehoufe or other place, in the day-time, and to fearch as he shall think fit therein, for the goods or chattels fufpe&ed to be there, doing no wilful agev; and if any person or persons shall oppofe or hinder any fearch, forfeit fuch fearch, and shall be thereof convi&ed before any fuch juf- 5I.	*

tice or juftices, by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, every person fo offending in the premiffes shall forfeit for every fuch offence the sum of five pounds ; and in cafe fuch anj non^ forfeiture be not immediately paid down, or within the fpace of payment, art twenty four hours, the justice or juftices, before whom fuchtobecom-convi&ion shall be had, shall commit the party or parties fo mitted to hard convi&ed to the houfe of corredhon, or fome other publick,ab°ur. prifon of fuch county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town or place, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding x one month, nor lefs than five days, unlefs in the mean time fuch forfeiture shall be paid ; and fuch forfeiture, when recovered, shall forthwith go and be applied to and for the ufe of the poor of the parifti wherein fuch offence shall have been committed ; and if upon the fearch of the houfe, warehoufe, or other*'Tbe$?oodf place, pf any fuch fufpedted person or persons, as aforefaid, any

 

120

Anno tricefono Georgii II.

of the goods or chattels which shall hive been fo knowingly and unlawfully pawned, pledged or exchanged, as aforc&id, shall be found, and the property of the owner or owners from whom the fame shall have been unlawfully obtained or taken, shall be made out, to the fatisfadion of any fuch juftiee or juftices, by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or wit-nefles, or (if any fuch witnefs or witnefles beof the people called Quaker*) by folemn affirmation, or by the confeffion of the person or persons charged with any fuch offence, any fuch juf-tice or juftices shall thereupon caufe the goods and chattels found on any fuch fearch, and unlawfully pawned, pledged or exchanged, as aforefaid, to be forthwith reftored to the owner or owners thereof.

X.	And whereas goods and chatteh are often pawned or pledged for fecurbig the payment of money lent thereon, and the iuterr/l thereof ; and although when the money becomes due% the hot rowers, or their reprcfentativeS'i are deftrous to repay the fame, and the intcreft dote thereon, and make tender thereof to the person or persons with whom the fame are fo pawned or pledged, they are frequently under great difficulties to get tack the goods and chattels fo pawned, and are often under neccjfity to commence fuits at law for the recovery thereof to their great expence; for remedy whereof be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the fttd twenty ninth day of September one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, if ahy i-K roayVe^ £00^s or chattels shall be pawned or pledged for fecuring any money lent thereon, not exceeding in the whole the principal fum of ten pounds, and the interest thereof; and if within two years after the pawning or pledging thereof, proof Haying b«eo made on oath, by one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, orby producing a duplicate of the entry dire&ed to be given by this a<5t as aforefaid, before any fuch juftiee or juftices, or by folorin affirmation (if the person be of the people called Quakers) to the fatisfadlion of any fuch juftiee or juftices, of the pawning or pledging of any fuch goods or chattels within the faid (pace of two years, any fuch pawner or pawners who was or were the real owner or owners of ffich goods or chattels at the time of the pawning or pledging thereof, his, her or their executors, ad-miniftrators or alfigns, shall tender unto the person or persons ■who lent on the fecurity of the goods or chattels pawned, his executors, adminiftrators or aftigns, the principal money borrowed thereon, and all interest due for the fame, together with fuch charges for the warehoufe-room of the goods or chattels pawned, as shall be agreed on at the time or the pawning of fuch goods and chattels y and the person who took fuch gobds or chattels in pawn, his executors, adminiftrators or afligns, shall thereupon neglect or refufe to deliver back the goods or chattels fo pawned, for any fum or fums of money not exceeding the faid principal fum of ten pounds, to the person or persons who borrowed the money thereon, his, her or their executors, adminiftrators or aftigns ; then and in any, fuch cafo

complaint of 0n bath, or (if the person or persons be, of the people called pawnbroker .....................

Goods pawn ed fora fum

recovered within t years

Juftite, on



{757-1 Annoctriciflii»<5*oRGii II. c.44;	tit

;^/rrj)on folemn affirmation thereof made by the pawner of refuting to de-pawners thereof his, her or their executors, adminiftrators or I*1*1* g00^ afligns, or Tome other credible perfon, any justice or juftices of	^

the peace of the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty or place, parties j whore the person or persons who took fuch pawn as aforefaid, his executors, adminiftrators or afligns, shall dwell on the ap-plication of the borrower or borrowers, his, her or their executors, adminiftrators or afligns, is and are hereby required to caufe fuch person or persons who took fuch pawn, his, her or their executors, adminiftrators or afligns, within the jurifdic-tkm of the justice or juftices, to come before fuch justice or ju-ftioes ; and fuch justice or juftices is and are hereby authorized and required to examine on oath, or folemn affirmation, as the cafe may require, the parties themfelves, and fuch other credible persons as (haH appear before him or them, touching the premises; and if tender of the principal money due, and all ?nd proofb*-imereft thereof, together with charges for# warehoufe-room,	and

as afordaid, shall be proved by oath or affirmation, as aforefaid, paymcnt of to have been made, fuch principal money not exceeding the faid the principal, film of ten pounds, to the lender or lenders thereof, his, her interaft and or their executors, adminiftrators or afligns, by the borrower	i

or borrowers of fuch principal money, his, her or their executors, adminiftrators or afligns, within the faid (pace of two years after or tender be. the faid pawning or pledging of the goods or chattels, then on ing then alfo payment by the borrower or borrowers, his, her or their exe- made, and cutort, adminiftrators or afligns, of fuch principal money, and rc u c * the interest due thereon, together with fuch charges for ware-houfe-room of the goods or chattels fo pawned or pledged as aforefaid, to the lender or lenders, his, her or their executors* adminiftrators or afligns $ and in cafe the lender or lenders, his, Juftice to her or their executors, adminiftrators or afligns, shall refiife to make an order accept thereof, on tender thereof to him, her or them made, detivery by the borrower or borrowers thereof, his, her or their execu- cf the goods, tors, adminiftrators or afligns, before any fuch justice or juftices, fuch justice or juftices shall thereupon, by order under his hand, or their hands, drredtthe goods or chattels fo pawned, forthwith to be delivered up to the pawner or pawners thereof, his, her or their executors, adminiftrators or afligns: and if the person or persons on rcfufa] ^ who shall have lent any principal fum or Turns of money, not commit the exceeding in the whole the faid fum of ten pounds, on any pawnbroker goods or chattels pawned, his, her or their executors, admini- till fatisfa&ioit ftrators or afligns, shall negleft or refiife to deliver up.or makebcxna c* fatisfa&ion for the goods or chattels, which shall be proved to the fatisfatfion of fuch justice or juftices as aforefaid, to have been fo pawned, as any fuch justice or juftices of the peade, as aforefaid, shall order and dired, then any fuch justice or juftices (hall, and is and are hereby authorized and required to commit the party or parties fo refufing to deliver up or make fa-tisfa&ion for the fame, to the houfe qf porre&ion, or fome other publick prifon of the county, riding, divifion, city or place,

* wherein the offender or offender* shall rflfidc* pr be convicted;

!	therp





ill	Anno	trictfimo	Geq&gu IL c. 24.	[1757,

there to remain without bail or mainprize, until he, (be pr they, shall deliver up the goods or chattels fo pawned, and continuing redeemable, as aforefaid, according to the order of fucb laid justice or juftices, or make iatisfadion or compenfation for the value thereof, to the party or parties intitled to the redemption of fuch goods or chattels fo pawned, and continuing redeemable as aforefaid.

XI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That if any pawn or pledge ef goods or chattels, of what kind foever, made by or for the proprietor or proprietors thereof, shall remain unredeemed for the fpace of two years, then every fuch pawn or pledge shall -be forfeited ; and it lhall and mjay be lawful to and for every fuch person or persons, to whom fuch gopdp or chattels have been pawned or pledged, to fell the fame; any law, ftatute, cuftom or ufage, to the contrary thereof notwith-

Overphifitobe (landing ; fubjed neverthelcfs to account fot the overplus, if accounted for. any dla|j bCj 0f produce of all fuch goods or chattels which have been pledged for two pounds and upwards, as by this a# is directed.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded by the atj-Entry to be thority aforefaid. That every person or persons to whom any made of fale goods or chattels shall have been pawned or pledged, shall from

t‘mc to *‘me cntcr ’n a b°°b or .books to be kept for that pur* Sor^w^ds. P0®5* a tru€ aiM* 3^ account the fale of all goods and chat-F tels pawned to him, her or them, for two .pounds, or upwards, which shall be ibid by any fuch person or persons, exprefiing the day when, the money for which, and the name and place of abode of the person to whom, fuch goods or effeds pawned were fold; and in cafe any fuch goods or effeds shall be fold for OreroltM artf- jnore than the principal money, with inteteft, and the charge of foie, to be paid warehoufe-room, a6 aforefaid, due thereon at the time of fuch on demand, t^-iale, the overplus shall by every fuch perfortor persons be paid.on t^c owner j decnandtothe perfonbyoronwhofeaccountfuch goods orchattefc . were pawned, his, herortheirexecutors, adminiftratorsor alfigns j and inch person or persons who pawned or pledged fuch goods or chattels, his, her or their executors, adminiftrators or affigns, dhall, for his, her or their (atisfadion in this.matter, be permitted to infped the entry to be made as aforefaid of every fuch fale, paying for foch infpedion the sum of one penny, and no On refufal of morc * an^m Ca^ any Per^n or persons shall refufe to permit infpedion, any fuch person or persons, who pawned or pledged fuch goods or chattels, to infoed fuch entry as aforefaid in any fuch book or books, fuch person or persons, if an executor or executors, adminiftrator or adminiftrators, or aflignee or afligoees, at fuch time, producing his, her or their letters teftaipentary, letters of or fht goods *dminiftration or affignment 5 or in cafe the goods or effeds being iold for were fold for more than the fum entered in any fuch book or more than en-~ books $ or if any fuch person or persons shall not make fuch entered, &c.	* try, or shall not have fona fide fold the goods or chattels pawn-

ed for-rite bed price that he, (he or they jnight have reafonatyy had or got-foMh^fomc, without his,-her or.their.wilfoldefejultj

Good* remaining unredeemed for % years, are forfeited, and may be fold;

or

• t



1757-3	Annfr tricesimo Georgii II. c. 24.

hr shall refufeto payfuch overplus,for the feme, without his, her or their wilful default, or shall refufe to pay fuch overplus, Upon demand, lo the pawner or pawners, his, her or their executors, ad-mi niftrators or afligns; he or they producing fuch their letters tef-amentary, letters oiadminiftrationor affignment, every fuch person or persons fo offending shall for every fuch offence forfeit treble Pawnbroker the value of fuch goods and chattels to the person or persons by b?c the value!* Whom, or on whofe account, fuch goods or chattels were pawned, his, her or their executors, adminiftrators or afligns, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majeftjr’s courts of record at fVefminJfer.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That no fee or gratuity whatfoever shall be Sumraonfet had, taken or received, for any fummons or fummonfes, war- *0 be^ued* rant or warrants, granted by any justice or juftices of the peace, without fee, in purfuance of this act, fo far as the fame relates to goods and

chattels pawned, pledged, taken in exchange, or unlawfully dif-pofed of.

XIV.	And whereas the occupiers of many licenfed publick houfes, and of other houfes wherein wines and liquors are fold, frequently fuffer gaming therein, and journeyman, labourerj, fervants and apprentices, by means of fuch gaming therein, not only miff pend their

time> but are often reduced to poverty and great dijlrefs ; be it there- Publicans fore further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That from and permitting after the faid twenty ninth day of September one thousand feven journeymen, hundred and fifty feven, if any person or persons licenfed to fell any forts of liquors, or who shall fell, or fuffer the feme to be m fold, in his, her or their houfe or houfes, or .in any outhoufes, v ground or apartments thereto belonging, shall knowingly fuffer any gaming with cards, dice, draughts, fhuffle boards, miffifiip-pi or billiard tables, (kittles, nine pins, or with any other implement of gaming, in his, her or their houfes, outhoufes. ground or apartments thereto belonging, by any fuch journeymen, labourers, fervants or apprentices : and shall be convided of the faid offence on their own confeflion, or on the oaths of one or more credible witnefs or toitneffes, befofe any justice or juftices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty or place, wherein the offence shall be committed, within fix days after any fuch offence shall be committed, he, (he or they fo offending, shall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the forfeit 40s* fum of forty (hillings; and for every like offence which he, dihe pr they shall afterwards be convitfted of, before any fuch justice or juftices of the peace, he, (he or they fo offending, fhali for-feit the sum of ten pounds 5 all which fums of money, fo for- fence‘ 10I. feited, shall be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offenders goods to be levied and chattels, by warrant from the justice or juftices before whom by dittrefr fuch offender or offenders shall be convicted 5 and which war- and Tale, rant every fuch justice or juftices is and are hereby required and authorized to grant; and three fourths of all fums which shall be fo forfeited (hall, on the recovery thereof, be paid 10 the churchwardens of the parish in whiqh-the effence fhaJl becotn-mited, for the ufe of the poor of fuch parish > and the other

fourth





*24	Anno	tricefimo	Georg*!	II. 0. i%l f 1757.

fourth part thereof shall be paid to the petfon or jfcrfbns on whofe information the party or parties offending shall have beta ctonvi&ed of the offence.

On com laint • And ** ^urt^cf cnafled by the authority afbrefaid, ot^oitrncvmen That from and after the faid twenty ninth day of September one Jcc. gaming thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, if any journeyman, la-'in public*. bourer, apprentice or fervant, shall game in any houfe, out-nT'ilvue Lb	ground	or apartments thereto belonging, wherein any

warrant for liquors ftiall be fold, and complaint thereof shall be made on apprehending oath before any justice or juftices of the peace for the county, them,	riding, divifibn, city, liberty or place, where the offence (hall

have been committed, every fuch justice or juffices shall ttoere-*	upon iffue his or their warrant to fome conftable, tythingman,

head borough or other peace officer of the parifh, precimft or place, wherein the offence shall be charged to have been Committed, or where the offender shall refide, to apprehend are! carry every fuch offender before fome justice or juftices of the peace aCting for the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty or place, where the offence shall be committed, or where the oF-who upon fender shall refide $ and if the person who shall be apprehended cony lotion,are (ball be convicted of the faid offence by the oath of one or more exc«d?ng2os. cre^*^c wirnefs or witnefles, or on his own confeflion, every nor left than fuch offender shall forfeit any fum not exceeding twenty (hilling^, 5s.	nor lefs than five shillings, as the justice or juftices before whom

any fuch offender or offenders shall be convicted shall think fit and order, every time he shall fo offend, and be convicted as aforefaid; and one fourth of all fuch money fo forfeited (hall, on the conviction of any fuch offender or offenders, be paid to the person or persons on whofe information the party or parties offending shall be convicted, and the other three fourths therC-- of shall be applied for the ufe of the poor of the parith whereirt , the offence shall have been committed, and shall be paid to the overfeers of the poor of fuch parish for that purpofe ; and if the Party w^° ^all convicted of the offence laft-mentioned, shall Forfeiture, to n°t forthwith pay down the faid fum fo forfeited by him, any be commuted fuch justice or juftices. (hall, by warrant under his hana, to hard la- or their hands, commit every fuch offender to the houfe ■ of correction, or fome other prifon, of the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty or place, in which he shall be apprehended ; there to remain ana be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding the fpace of one month, or until he shall pay the sum of money fo forfeited.

XVI. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforeftid, comCfainr°to That it shall and may be lawful to and for any justice or juftices Fifue^sVar- of the peace of any county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town rw far bring- or place, and he ar>d they is and are hereby required, upqn coming tbc of- plaint ihade to Jiim upon oath of any offence committed agaioft fore	this ^lthin th* ^atne county, riding, divifion, cipr, Jibef-

1 mw* ty, town or place, to iffue his warrant for bringing before liidl, nr fome other justice or juftices of the peace of any county, rid-ftig, divifion,* city* liberty, foWrt pr place, the person or pcrfqbs *	.	;	'	'	,	.	phargp4

 

125

b7SJtl A^atr5^Cflv>GE0RGiiIL 0.24, charged ,Wftk ftjch offence, apd the juftwe or. juftices before whom fuchperfon orperfons shall be brought, is:hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the matter of every fuch complaint, and to proceed to judgment and. conviction thereupon,, as by this a & is dire&ed j. and if it shall appear by oath of any credible person or persons, to the fatisfaCfion of any fuch justice pr juftices, that any person or perfon^ within the jurif* diCtion of fuch justice or juftices can give oroffer material evidence on behalf of thepcofecutor, again ft any offender.oroffenders againft the true intent andmeaning of thi&a£t,.or on behalf of the per-* fbn accufed, and who will not voluntarily appear before fuch justice or juftices to be examined, and give his, her. or their evidence, concerning the premifles; every fuch justice or juftices and may fum-' is and are hereby authorized and required to lffue his ;or‘their mon witneiFe*. fummons to convene every fuch person or persons within his or their jurifdidtion before him or them, to be examined upon	'

oath concerning the premiffes; and if any person fo fummon-sd shall neglect or refufe to appear on fuch fummons, and no juft excufe shall be offered for fuch negleft or refufal, then, (after proof by oath of fuch fummons having been duly ferved upon him, her or them for that purpofe) any fuch juftide or jpftices is and are hereby authorized and required to iiTue his or their warrant to bring every fuch witnefs and witnefles, within his or their jurifdi&ion, before him or them 5 and on the appearance of any fuch witnefs before any fuch justice or juftices,	1

any fuch justice or juftices is and are hereby authorized and im-powered to examine upon oath every fuch witnefs 5 and if any and if the fuch witnefs, on his or her appearance, or being brought before witnefs refufe* any fuch justice or juftices, shall refufe to be examined on oath concerning the premiffes, without offering any juft caufe for bec^mmitu^ fuch refufal, it shall be lawful for any fuch justice or juftices, by to hard U. warrant under his or their hand and feal, or hands and feals, hour, to, commit every person fo refuting to the publiclc, prifon of the county, riding, divifion, city or place, in which the person or persons fo refuting to be examined on oath, shall be brought before any fuch justice or juftices, there to remain for any time not exceeding three months, as any fuch justice or juftices shall direct; and if, on fuch examination, any fuch ju- ^faterial *it-ftice or juftices shall deem the evidence of any fuch witnefs or ncis may be witnefles to be material, any fuch justice or juftices may bind bound over to over any fuch witnefs, unlefs a feme covert, or one under the Sl^e cadence age of twenty one years, by recognizance, in a reafonable pe- CqU^c a nalty, to appear and give evidence at the next general or quarter feflions of the peace, or feflionsof Oyer and Terminer, as in fuch recognizance shall be mentioned.	,

. XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, orders «ot .That no perfgn? charged on oath with being guilty of any of to he adblt-tbe offences puaifhablc by this a#, and which shall require bail, to bait, * shall be admitted to bail before twenty four hours notice, it baSb^n^^vea .lqaft, shall be proved by oath to have been given in writing to to the profeputor, of the names and. places of abode of the persons cutor, &c. 1 'PToppfed to he bail for any fuch offender or offenders, unlefs the

.	bail	'





Offender to be tried at the next feflion, lxnlefs the ' court put off the trial.

Inhabitants sphere the offence is com • jnitted, deemed competent witneffes.

Convi&ion to be drawn up in the following form i

Anno tricesimo GEdRmf H. C. 24}	£1757J

bail offered shall be well known tothe jufticeor	and	he

and they flfcatt approve of them 5 and every fuch offender and offenders who shall be bound over to the general quarter feflions of the peace, or gaol delivery of the county, city or town wherein the offence charged on him shall have been committed, to anfwer any fetch offences punifhable by this a<5t, shall be tried at fuch general quarter feflions of the peace, or feflions of

Sir and Termintr and gaol delivery whjch shall be held next er his, her or their bein£ apprehended, unlefs the court shall think fit to put off the trial on juft caufe made out to them.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That in all adions, fuits, trials and other proceedings in purfuance of this ad, or in relation to anv matter or thing herein contained, any inhabitant of the parim, town or place, in which any offence or offences shall be committed* contrary to the true intent and meaning of this ad, shall be admitted to give evidence, and shall be deemed a competent wit-nefs, notwithstanding his, her or their being an inhabitant or inhabitants of the parifh, town or place wherein any fuch offence or offences shall have been committed.

XIX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the justice or juftices before whom any perion shall bo convided, in manner prefcribed by this ad, shall caufe fuch re-(pedive convidion to be drawn up in the form or to the effe& following ; that is to fay.

Majefty's reign, A. B. is convifled before cf his Majesty’s jttftices of for the Jaid county of	or	for	the	riding or

divifion of the faid county of	or	for	the

city, liberty or town of	(as	the	cafe	(hail

happen to be) for	and the faid

do adjudge.him or her to pay and forfeit for the fame, the sum of

Given under

and year aforefaid.

the day

and to be And the faid justice or juftices,- before whom fuch conviction written on shall be had, shall caufe the fame fo drawn up, in the form and'trTnftnit- afQre^> to b* fairly written upon parchment, and tranfmitrtd ted to the to the next general quarter feflion or the peace to be held for the quarter fef- county, riding, divifion, city, town, liberty or place wherein Sons to be fuch conviction was had, to be filed and kept amongft the re-r"f/	cords of the faid general or quarter feflions; and in cafe any

quarter-fef- Per^on or P^f0118 (* convicted, shall appeal from the judgment Sons to deter- °f the (aid justice or juftices, to the faid general or quarter fef-mine appeals, fions, the juftices in fuch general or quarter feflions are hereby

i. require



%

1757-1	Artri6 frkrAmiSXJEOX&ii It. C. 24^	*17

ttquir^'rf^irr receiving the Md conviction, drawn up ih the

form afordntkf, to proceed* to the heating and determination of

the matted of the faid appeal, according to the directions of this

a#; any law or ufage1 fo the Contrary notwithftanding.	T	,,A	v

XX.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid^ Jonviaion not That no Certiorari shall be granted to remove any indictments rcmoveablc by conviChoti or other proceedings had thereon in purfuance of Certiorari, this a<5t.

XXL Provided always, and k it heffeby further enaCted by Appeal may the authority aforefaid, That if any- person eonviCted of any oh* he made to the fences punifhable by this aCt, shall think him or herfelf ag-grieved by the judgment of the justice or juftiees before whom u *9 he or (he shall have been convhfted, fuch persons shall have liberty to appeal to the juftiees at the next general or quarter fef-fions of the peace which fhtfll be held for the county, riding, drvifiott, city, liberty, town or place, where fuch judgment (hadl have been given ; and that the execution of the faid judgment and execution, fhall, in fuch caffe, befufpended, the person fo convicted enters refpited, the fog into a recognizance at the time of fuch conviction, with two fafficient fureties, ih double the fum which fuch person shall cognizance to have been adjudged to pay or forfeit, upon conviction to profe- profecute tbs' Cute fuch appeal with CffeCt, and to be forth coming, to abide appeal* , the judgment and determination of the juftiees in their faid next general or quarter feflions; which recognizance the faid justice or juftiees before whom fuch conviction shall be had, is hereby	;

impowered and required to take; and the juftiees in the faid ge^ juft*,ccs to dc* neral or quarter feflions are hereby authorized and required to termine the hear and finally determine the matter of the faid appeal, and appeal, and to award fuch cofts as to them shall appear juft and reafonab.'e onYffirmatidn to be paid by either party; and if, upon the hearing of the faid of the^udg-appeaf, the judgment of the justice or juftiees before whom the mem, appcU appellant shall have been convicted, shall be affirmed, fuch ap>- lant to pay *peilant shall immediately pay tne fom which he or (he shall have th* fine been adjudged to forfeit* together with fuch cofts as the juftiees co g* in the faid general or quarter feffions shall award to be paid, for defraying the expences fuftained by the defendant or defendants in fuch appeal; or in default of making fuch payments, shall fuffer the refpedtive pains and penalties by this aCt inflicted upon persons refpeCtively, who shall nfegleCt to pay, or shall not pay the refpeCtive fums or forfeitures by this act to be paid by, or impofed upon, persons refpeCtively, who shall be convicted by Virtue of this aCt.

XXII. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, Non5,tolbc^ That rio perfon, who, by virtue of this aCt, shall be punilhed ^ondthne tc* for any offence or offences by him, her or them committed, fame of-(hall be punifhed for the fame offence or offences, under any feuce. other law or ftatute; and that if any aCtion or fuit shall be commenced againft any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance df* this aCt, ‘the defendant or defendants in any fuch action or (bit, may plead the general iffue,- and give this aCt aad Gtntr^

*ho fpecial matter in evidence, at any trial to he had thereupon, ’	r	*

%	and

 L,ooQle

Double cods.

Claufe l(i

commencing fuit again It him*

128	Anno tricesimo GtoRCii IL c.24.	[1757*

and that the fame was done in parfuanct and by the authority of this ad; and if it shall appear fo to have been done, or a verdid shall be recorded for the defendant or defendants: and if the plaintiff shall be nonfuited or difeontinue his adion, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared t or if judgment shall be given upon any verdid or demurrer againft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover double colts, and have the like remedy for the tame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes by law, for recovery of his or their cods. viflu|C f ^ XXIII. And be it further enaded bv the authority afbrelaid, That the ftatute made in the twenty fourth year of his present extended to Majesty’s reign, intituled. An a£i for the rendering the juflices of juftices adting the peace mere fafe in the execution of their office^ and for indemnifying under this act. conjiaijiey anj	a fling m obedience to their warrant,	fo far as

the faid ad relates to the rendering the juflices more feft in the execution of their office, (hail extend and be conftrued to extend to the justice or juflices of the peace ading under the authority Notice to be or in execution of this ad ; and no adion or fuit shall be bad riven to peace Qr commenced againft, or writ iffued out, or copy of writ ferv-

commencluPon any	officer or officers, for any thing done in the

omm nemer execution ^ ^jg until	jn writing shall hast been

given to him or them, or left at his or their ufual place of abode, by the attorney for the party commencing fuch adion, or fuing out or ferving the copy of the faid writ; which faid notice in writing (hall;contain the name and place of abode of the perfbn who is to bring fuch adion, together with the caufe of adion or complaint; and the name and place of abode of the faid attorney (hail be under-wrote or indorfed thereon ; and any peace officer or officers shall be at liberty, and may by virtue of this ad, at any time within fourteen days after fuch nptice, tender or caufe to be tendered any fum or fums of money, as amends for the injury *x>mplained of, to the party complaining, or to the faid attorney; and if the fame is not accepted of, the defendant or defendants, in fuch adion or actions, may plead fuch tender in bar of fuch adion dr adions, together with the general iffue, or any other plea, with leave of the court; and if upon iffue joined upon fuch tender, the jury shall find the amends tendered to have been fufficient, the faid jury shall find a verdid for the defendant or defendants ; and in fuch cafe, or if the plaintiff shall become non fuit or difeontinue his adion, or if judgment shall be given for the defendant or defendants upoo demurrer, the defendant or defendants shall be intitled to his and their cods ; and if the jury lhall find that no fiich tender was made, or that the amends tendered were not fufficient, and alfo shall find againft the defendant or defendants on fuch other plea or pleas by them pleaded, the faid jury shall give a vcrdfel for the plaintiff, and fuch damages as they shall think proper, for which the plaintiff shall have judgment, together with his, her or their fuU colls.

Tender of amends may be made by him.

and pleaded in bar of the adion.

If none, or in fufficient ten der has been made, plain, tifc uboa a verdiA, to recover.

CAP.



1757*] Anno ttfcefiirio Gfioium. II. c. i$.	1I9

CAP. XXV.

An sS for the better ordering of the militia forces in the feverai counties of that fart of Great Britain called England.	,

WHEREAS a well ordered and weti-difeiplinld militia is ef-fcmally necejjary to the fofety% peace and profper'tty of this kingdom: and whereas the laws now in being for the regulation of The King to the militia are defective and ineffectual; be it ena&ed by the iffue forth let-King's mdft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con -fcntofthdordsfpiritual and temporal add commons in parliament refpe&ive affirm bled. That from and after the firft day of May onethoufandfe- counties# ven hundred and fifty fevcn, his Majesty, his heirs add fucceffors* may and shall iffue forth cotnmiffions of lieutenancy for the reipc&ive counties, ridings andplaces herein after mentioned ; and the refpe&ive lieutenants thereby appointed shall have ^he lieute-power and authority to caH together all fuch persons, and to arm n^ntsroaflem-and array them at fuch times and in fuch manner as is herein ble and arm after erprefied; and fuch refpetfbve lieutenants shall from time the militia, to time eonftitute and appoint fuch persons as they shall think fit, qualified as is herein after directed, and living within their refpe&ive counties, ridings and places, to be their deputy lieutenants; the names of fuch persons having been firft prefented to and approved by his Majesty, his heirs or fuccefTors; and shall give commiffion* to a proper number of colonels, lieutenant colonels, majors and other officers, alfo qualified as is herein af-terdiraStoed to tram and difcipline rhe persons fo to be armed and arrayed^ according to the rules, orders and dire&ions herein after provided; and shall certify to his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefioft, the names 'of fuch commiffion officers* within one month after they shall be fo appointed, and shall have accepted their rcfpe<51ive commiffions.

II.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That nothing herein contained" shall be conftrued to vacate any commiffion of lieu- Coroauftonsof tenancy already granted by his Majesty, nor any deputations heutenancyand granted to deputy lieutenant* 5 but that the fame mall continue in fall force and vigour for the purpofe9 of this a<ft, fo as the ed toftand faid deputy lieutenants be qualified as is herein after directed, good.

III.	And ba it enafted, llut his Majesty’s lieutenant of every cdunty, riding or place shall have the chief command of the ^1cutcJanff. militia thereof, which shall be raifed by virtue of this adl; ’ and commando? in every county, riding or place in England and Wales (except the militia, as is herein after excepted) there (halt be appointed twenty or Numberof de-more deputy lieutenants, if fo many persons, qualified as is herein Puty I,cmc'K before and after expfefled, can be therein found 5 and if twenty ^nty? **** persons fo qualified cairfiot be therein found, then there shall be appointed fo many persons as can be therein found 5 and each person fo to be appointed a deputy lieutenant or colonel,

Vol. XXII.	K	fhall

 ^ooQle

<39.	Aono	tra'fimo Geokoii II. C.45;	[1757.-

Deputy lieut t-(hall be feifed or poflefled, either in law or equity, for his own

nant or co^ ufe an(j benefit, in poffeflionof a freehold,copyhold or cuftomary

, Captain 100I. per annum,

Lieutenant jool. per annum.

400I. per'ann. estate for life, or for fome greater eftate, or of an eftatc for fome or be heir to long term of years, determinable on one or more life or livet, Sool. per ann. in manors, mefliiages, lands, tenements or hereditaments ia England, Wales 6t the town of Berwick upon Tweedy of the yearly value of four hundred pounds, or shall be heir apparent of fome person who shall be in like manner feifed or poflefled of a like estate as aforefald, of the yearly value of eight hundred Lieutenant co- pounds ; and each person fo to be appointed a lieutenant colonel lohei or major or major, shall W, in like manner, feifed or poflefled of a Spol.per ann. like estate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of three hundred pounds, or shall be heir apparent of fome person who shall be, in like manner, feifed or poflefled of a like estate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of fix hundred pouj^ds; and each person fo to be appointed a captain, shall be, in like manner, feifed or poflefled of a like estate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of two hundred pounds, or shall be heir apparent of fome person who shall be, in like manner, feifed or poffe&d of a like estate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of four hundred pounds, or shall be a younger fan of fome person who shall be, or, at the time of his death, was in like manner feifed Qr poflef-fed of a like estate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of fix hundred pounds; and that each person fo to be appointed a lieutenant, shall be, in like manner, feifed or pofleiled of a like estate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of one hundred pounds, or shall be fon of fome person who shall be, or, at the time of his death, was in like manner feifed or poflefled of a like estate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of two hundred pounds j and each person fo to be appointed an enflgn, shall be, in like manner, .feifed or pof-fefled of a like estate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of fifty pounds, or shall be fon of fome person who shall be, or, at the time of his death, was in like manner feifed or poflefled of alike estate as aforefeid, of the yearly value of one hundred pounds; One moiety of one moiety °f which faid eftates, required as qualifications for the effrtes to each deputy lieutenant, colonel, lieutenant colonel, major, be fcithta the tain, lieutenant and enflgn refpeftively, shall be fituate or arifing ^n^[or within fuch refpeftive. county or riding in which he shall be fo J&e * appointed to ferve.

What ‘fhall he IV. Provided always, and be it enafted, That for the purposes deemed equal of the refpeftive qualifications required by this aft, tfie immediate to an estate reverfion or remainder of and in manors, mefliiages, lands, tenements or hereditaments which are leafed for one, two or three life or lives, or for any term of years determinable upon the^leath of one, two or three life or lives on referved rents,, and which are to the leflee or lefiees of the clear yearly value of three hundred pounds, shall be deemed equal to an estate herein before defcribed as a qualification of the yeaxly value of one hundred pounds, and fo in proportion, be the faid qualifications of a greater or lefs degree; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary notwithftauding.	-

V. Pro-

Enfign 50!. per annum.

of 100I.



*

1757*1 Anno tricesimo Gborgii II. c. 25.	131	t

V.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That any officer may Officer* may be promoted on account of merit in the faid militia, when called^ex^Iwrdi out and aflembled, in cafe of aftual invafion, or upon imminent I^ryo'ccafion#, danger thereof, or in cafe of rebellion, by the lieutenant of any on account of county, riding or place, from a lower to an higher commiffion, merit, inclunve of that or lieutenant colonel, notwithstanding he fhould

not have the qualifications requifite for his firft admittance into fiich higher rank of the militia.

VI.	Provided, That nb perfon, not having the qualification but none high-

herein before directed for a captain, shall be promoted to ah er than cap-higher rank than that of captain.	v	tains, who

VII.	Provided alfo. That the qualifications above recited, to wanta quaik

enable any person to be a deputy lieutenant, lieutenant colonel, rank?1 major, captain, lieutenant or enfign, shall not extend to fuch Recited quali-commiffions as shall be granted by his Majesty’s constable of the cations not to tower ^ or lieutenant of the tower hamlets.	extend to the

VIII.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That his Majesty, hinders^t0WCf his heirs and fucceffors shall from time to time, as he and they Deputy lieute-fhall think fit, fignify his and their pleafure to his and their nants and offi-lieutenants of any county, riding or place, to difplaceall or any may ** fiich deputy lieutenants and officers 5 and thereupon his Majesty’s refpeftive lieutenants shall appoint others within the fame county, pieafure. * riding or place, under the like qualifications, to ferve in their

ftead.

IX.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That every deputy Their qualifi-iieutenant and commiffion officer in the militia (hall, within fix cations to be months next after he shall have accepted his commiffion, leave deVlTof the with the clerk of the peace of the county, riding or place, in and pcacc> and ft. for which he shall be fo appointed, his qualification in writing, ed.

figned by himfelf; and fuch clerk of the peace is hereby required

tb enter the fame upon a roll to be kept for that purpofe; and

every deputy lieutenant and commiffion officer (hall, at fome

general auarter feffions holden for the county, riding or place

for which he shall be fo appointed, or in one of his Majesty’s

courts of record at IVeftminfer^ within fix months after he (hall

have accepted his commiffion, take the oaths appointed to be T,

taken in and by an act passed in the firft year of the reign of his tai^he oaths,

late majefty King George, intituled. An ait for the further fecurity &c. appointed

of his Majejly's person and government; and the fuccejfon of the by 1G, *. it..

crown in the heirs of the late princefs Sophia, being protejlants; and *•	*	!•

for extingmjhing the hopes of the pretended prinee of Wales, and Ins

open and fecret abettors; and shall alfo make, repeat and fubferibe

the declaration in the faid aft mentioned.

X.	And be it enafted, That if any person shall execute any 10ol. pemltv

of the powers hereby conferred on deputy lieutenants, colonels, on deputy lieu-lieutenant colonels or majors (not being qualified as aforefaid)	an^

or shall not, within the time herein before limited, deliver in jegreeof capv fuch qualification, and take the oaths, and make, repeat and'tains; ^ fubferibe the declaration aforefaid, every fuch person shall (or*

feit and pay the sum of two hundred pounds; and if any perfon^

(hail execute any of the powers hereby conferred on captains,

K 2	lieu-	,

V*

 

*32	Anno	tricefimo	Georgii	II.	c.	25;	1*757-

chains'and l*cqtenan*s or enGgns (not being qualified'as aforcfaid) and lhall thofe under, not» Wlthm the time herein before limited, deliver in fuch quali-aftingif not k fication, and take the oaths, and make, repeat and fubfcribe the qualified, &c. declaration aforefaid, every fuch person shall forfeit and pay the Turn of one hundred pounds; fuch several penalties to be recovered by adlion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of bis Majesty’s courts of record at IVcJlminJler, wherein no efloin, wager of law or protection, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed; one moiety whereof shall go to the ufe of the person who shall fue for the Fame, and the other moiety to the ufcs herein after directed.

Peers exerout-	always,	and	be	it enacted. That nothing in

ed ferving} ^1S a& contained (half extend, or be deemed or conftrued to but they and extend to oblige any peer of this realm to ferve in the militia their heirs ap- perforially, or by fubttitute 5 or to retrain his Majesty’s lieu-, anointed'cleftenant °* any county, riding or place fronj appointing any peer puty fieute- " °f this realm, or heir apparent of any fuch peer, to be a deputy nants or com- lieutenant or commiffion officer in the militia within the county, nuffion officers, riding or place where fuch peer or heir apparent of fuch peer shall refpe£tively have fome place of refidence j or to oblige any peer of this realm, or heir apparent of fuch peer (fo appointed a deputy lieutenant or commiffion officer refpedtively; to leave with the clerk of the peace for the county, riding or place for which he shall be fo appointed, any qualification in writing as aforefaid; but it shall be lawful for every peer of this realm, or heir apparent of fuch peer fo appointed, and taking the oaths, and making, repeating and fubferibin^ the declaration aforefaid, to a& as a deputy lieutenant or commiffion officer refpe&ively, although he shall not be feifed or pofleffed of any fuch eflate in manors, mefluages, lands, tenements or hereditaments, as is required by this adlj any thing herein contained to the contrary not with (landing.

A commiffion XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the acceptance docs not vacate of a commiffion in the militia (hail not vacate the feat of any a feat in par- member returned to ferve in parliament.

Attend of XI1L And be h enadled. That his Majesty’s lieutenant, 4 years, fuch a together with three or more deputy lieutenants of any county, number of of- riding or place, and on the death, or in the abfence or his Ma-hedif- jelly’s lieutenant, any five or more of them (hall, ar the end of c arged. every four years, at their annual meeting, difeharge fuch inumber of the officers of the militia (not exceeding one field officer of each regiment or battalion, and one third part of the whole number of officers of each inferior rank refpedUvety) as shall be equal to the number of persons who shall be fit and wiliirig to ferve as officers in the militia of fuch county, riding or place, and shall be duly qualified for fuch ranks according to the dire^oos of this adl; and fuch lieutenant shall appoint fuch persons to . ferve as officers in the room of the officers fo difenarged as aforefaid.	,

XIV. And be it ena&ed, That his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors may and shall appoint one proper perfon, wfio shall 6	v	have

 

i757.]	Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 25.	133

have ferved, or (hall, at the time of fuch appointment, actually Adjutant from ferve in fome of his Majesty’s other forces, to be an adjutant to lhcK,gg s for* each regiment or battalion of militia in each county, riding or ^jnt^to** place refpe&ively; and fuch adjutant fhal), ’during his fervice each regiment* in the faid militia, preferve his rank in the army in the fame manner as if he had continued in that fervice; and hisMajefty, his heirs and fucceflors may and shall alfo appoint, according to Serjeants to be the proportion of one ferjeant to twenty private men, two or aPP°inted out more proper persons to be feijeants to every combany in the ofthe army ’ faid militia, out of and from his Majesty’s other forces, fuch persons having ferved in the faid forces for the fpace of three years next preceding their appointment to be feijeants as afore-laid, or may appoint fuch other persons to be ferjeants as aforefaid, as have formerly ferved for the fpace of three years in his Majesty’s faid forces j and the fervice in the militia of fuch persons fa! and to be inti-appointed out of his Majesty’s faid forces, shall intitle them to tied to Cheliea the benefit of Cbelfea bofpital, in the fame manner as if they had holpital. continued to ferve in the faid forces $ and everyperfon appointed ^iiSS^rom to be a ferjeant as aforefaid, out of the penfioners on the eftab!i(h- thence, to be ment of Cbelfea hofpital, shall be intitled to be put again upon re-admitted, the. faid eftaDlifhment after he shall be difcharged from the fen-vice of the militia, provided he brings a certificate of his good behaviour, under the hand of the colonel or commanding officer of the regiment or battalion in which he shall have ferved as aforefaid.

XV.	And be it enadted, That no person who shall keep any Ale-houfe-

hoiife of publick entertainment, or who shall fell any ale, wine, keeper*, &c. brandy or other fpirituous liquors by retail, shall be capable of difqualified being or continuing a feijeant in the militia.	£r0.m bJ,n?

XVI.	And be it enadted. That the number of private men {Suiter of tote raifed by virtue of this aeft, in that part of Great Britain, private men called England, the dominion of Wales and town of Berwick to be railed in upon Tweed (exdufwe of the places herein after excepted) each county, shall be

For the county of Bedford, four hundred.

For the county of Beris9 five hundred and fixty.

For the county of Bucks, five hundred and fixty.

For the county of Cambridge, four hundred and eighty.

For the county of Chejler, with the city and county of the city of Cbefler, five hundred and fixty.

For the county of Cornwall, fix hundred and forty.

For the county of Cumberland, three hundred and twenty.

For the county of Derby, five hundred and fixty.

For the county of Devon, with the city and county of the city of Exeter, one thousand fix hundred.

For the county of Dorset, with the town and county of the town of Poole, fix hundred and forty.

For the county of Durham, four hundred.

For the county of Ejfcx, nine hundred and fixty.

For the County of Gloucejier, with the city and county of the

K 3	city





Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 25.	[1757.

city of Gloucefier, and the city and county of the city of Brifiol, nine hundred and fixty.

For the county of Hereford, four hundred and eighty.

For the county of Hertford, five hundred and fixty.

For the county of Huntingdon, three hundred and twenty. For the county of Kent, with the city and county of the city of Canterbury, nine hundred and fixty.

For the county of Lancafier, eight hundred.

F or the county of Leicefter, five hundred and fixty.

For the county of Lincoln, with the city and county of the dtyof Lincoln, one thousand two hundred.

For the tower divifton in the county of Afiddlefex, commonly called tbe Tower Hamlets 1 one thousand one hundred and fixty.

And for the red of the county of Afiddlefex, one thouland fix hundred.

For the county of Monmouth, two hundred and forty.

For the county of Norfolk, with the city and county of the city of Norwich, nine hundred and fixty.

For the county of Northampton, fix hundred and forty.

For the county of Northumberland, with the town and county of the town of Newcaflle upon Tyne, and the town of Berwick, five hundred and fixty.

For the county of Nottingham, with the town and county of the town of Nottingham, four hundred and eighty.

For thecounty of Oxford, five hundred and fixty.

For the county of Rutland, one hundred and twehty.

For the county of Salop, fix hundred and forty.

For the county of Somerfet, eight hundred and forty.

For the county of Southampton, with the town and county of the town of Southampton, nine hundred and fixty.

For the county of Stafford, with the city and county of the city of Litchfield, five hundred and fixty.

For the county of Suffolk, nine hundred and fixty.

For the county of Surry, eight hundred.

For the county of Suffex, eight hundred.

For the county of fVarwick, with the city and county of the city of Coventry, fix hundred and forty.

For the county of JVeftmoreland, two hundred and forty.

For tl>e couhty of Jvorcefler, with the city and county of the city of IVorcefier, five hundred and fixty. x For the county of IVilts, eight hundred.

For the weft riding of the county of York, with the city and county of the city of York, one thousand two hundred and forty.

For the north riding of the faid county, feven hundred and twenty. '

And for the eaft riding of the faid county, with the town and county of the town of Kingtlon upon Hull, four hundred. For the county of Anglefea, eighty. „

For the county of Brecknock, one hundred and fixty.

For the county of Cardigan, one hundred and twenty.

For



*757*1 * .Anno tricefime GeoROii II. c, 25.	1^5

For the county of Catrmartbtn,with the county borough of ■ Coermarthen* two hundred.

For the county of Carnarvon* eighty.

For the county of Denbigh* two hundred and eighty.

For the county of Flint* one hundred and twenty.

For the county of Glamorgan* three hundred and fifty.

For the county of Merioneth* eighty.

For the county of Montgomery, two hundred and forty.

For the county of Pembroke* with the town and county of die town of Haver ford Weft* one hundred and fixty.

For the county of Radnor* one hundred and twenty.

XVII.	Provided* That there shall not be more than three Three officer*

commiflion officers (that is to fay) one captain* one lieutenant,	to	80

and one enfign, to eighty private men •* and fo in proportion,prlva c m*n# as near as may be* to any greater or lefler number or private

men.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed* That if his Ma- Where too jetty’s lieutenant of any county, riding or place, shall think that ,arS? a Pj*-too large a proportion of private men is by this aft dueled to JXXTthe be railed for fuch county, riding or place, it shall be lawful for privy council liis Majesty’s privy council, upon application made to them by 1* to regulate any fuch lieutenant, to fix as near as may be, the number of the private men, which shall be furnilhed from the lift of that county* riding or place fo complaining, by the proportion which

the whole number returned in all the lifts bears to the whole number of the militia by this a& directed to be raifed; all which lifts his Majesty’s lieutenants of each county, riding or place refpedively, are hereby required to tranfmit to his Ma-jefty’s privy council.

XIX.	And be it ena&ed, That his Majesty’s lieutenants, to- Lieutenants gather with any two or more deputy lieutenants, and on the and dePuty death or removal, or in the abfence ot his Majesty’s lieutenants, mcc^annually the deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them, shall meet ©r oftener. Once in every year at fomecity or principal town of the county,

riding or place for which they shall be commiffioned* or oftener, if they shall think fit, there to concert fuch meafures as shall be mod conducive to the faithful execution of this a<ft 5 the firft of Firft meeting which meetings for the year one thousand feven hundred and*0** on *a fifty feven shall be on the twelfth day of July* and for every fubrequent°r fubfequent year on the firft Tuefday in June; and shall at their year*4on firft firft meeting, iflue out their orders to the chief conftable, and Tuefday in where there is no chief conftable* to fome other officer of the June# several hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, ot other divifions Orden to be within their refpedtive counties, ridings or places* to return to then ifTued to them upon a day, and at a place therein to be mentioned*	reC#

and true lifts in writing of all men ufually, and at that time, 0f ajf dwelling within their refpe&ivc hundreds, rapes* laths, wapen- men, between takes, or other divifions, between the ages of eighteen and fifty the ages of 18 years (all peers of this realm; allpcrfpns who (nail ferve or aand *° ycar6* as deputy lieutenants,, or commiftion officers in the militia; all Perfona ex-

K4	perfonscepted.



i$6

Chief confta-bles to order die parish officers to make fuch returns.

Copy to be affixed on the door of the church, the Sunday before the return is made. Lieutenants and deputy lieutenants to meet and appoint the number of men to ferve.

Deputy lieutenants to fub-divide, and meet in their fubdivifions vrithjn a month i

Anno triccfimo Georgii IL c.	[*757*

perfons actually ferving as coraimffion officers in any regiment, troop or company in his Majesty’s other forces, or in any of his Majesty’s caftles or forts; all pmons being members ot either of the univerfities, clergymen, teachers and preachers of fepa-rate congregations, conftables, and other peace officers, and pari (h officers; articled clerks, apprentices, feamen and fea-faring men excepted) diftinguiftiing the numbers in each parifti, tyth-ing or place, and which of the persons fo returned labour under any infirmities incapacitating them from ferving as militia men ; for which pyrpofe fuch chief conftables, or other officers, and every of them, are hereby authorized and required, by order under their hands, to require the conftable, tythingman, head-borough, or other officer of each parifti, tything or place within their refpe&ive hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other di-vifions, to return to them upon a day, and at a place in fuch order to be mentioned, fair and true lifts in writing pf all fuch men as aforefaid, ufually and at that time dwelling within their refpe&ive parUhes, tythiogs or places, with the diftin&ions before deferibed, having Em affixed a true copy thereof on the door of the church or chapel belonging to fuch parifb, tything or place; and if any place, being extra parochial, shall have no church or chapel belonging thereto^ on the door of tire church or chapel of fome parish or place thereunto adjoining,; on the Sunday morning before they shall make fuch return; and his Majesty’s lieutenants, together with any two or more deputy lieutenants, or in the abfence of his Maiefly’s faid lieutenant, any three or more deputy lieutenants, (hail on the day, and at the place on which they shall have fo ordered fuch lifts to be returned, meet and appoint what number of persons in each re-fpe&ive hundred, rape, lath, wapentake, or other divifion as aforefaid, shall ferve in the faid militia, towards railing the number of militia men hereby ordered and directed to be railed for fuch refpeftive county, riding or place, in proportion to the whole number contained in fuch lifts; and the faid deputy lieutenants shall afterwards fubdivide themfelves; and any three or more deputy lieutenants, or in cafe three deputy lieutenants shall not meet, then any two deputy lieutenants, together with any one justice of the peace for fuch county, riding or (dace, or any one deputy lieutenant, together with any two fuch juftioes of the peace, shall within one month after the faid focond general meeting, meet within the refpeflive fubdivifions,! at, a time and place to be appointed by the faid deputy lieutenants,, or one of them, and the (aid deputy lieutenants, or any bne or moreof them, shall before fuch meeting iflfae out an order to the chief conftables or(other officers of (he rcfpe&ive hundreds, rapes,! laths, wapentakes, or other diviftons, to return upon, the day and at the place of meeting fo appointed, true copiesthe lifts fo by them returned, to his Majesty’s faid lieutenant, and tho (aid deputy lieutenants, at their second general meeting a# aforefaid » and the faid deputy lieutenants, or any three or .moreof them, or .gny two deputy lieutenants,:together with .any ono.

>	,	-	juftice



*757-1	Anno tridefimo Grorgii II. c. 25.	137

juftice of thepeace, or any one deputy lieutenant, together with any two juftiees of the peace fo aflembled in the faid fubdivifi-ons, shall (after hearing any person who shall think himfelf aggrieved by having his name inferted in fuch lifts, or by any others bemgomitted) direct fuch lifts to be amended, and ap-point what number of men in each refpe&ive parirti, tythingor number* place, shall ferve in the faid militia, in proportion to tne whole of men to number contained in the lifts for fuch hundreds, rapes, laths, ferve, wapentakes, or other divifions, as aforefaid ; and shall immedi-t thcy arc t0 atety caufe them to be chofen by lot out of the whole number caufe them to of men liable to ferve for each reJpetfive pa>i(h, tything or place; j* chofea by and the laid deputy lieutenants, or any one or more of. them, ot*

(hall appoint another meeting to be held within three weeks in the fame fubdivifion, and shall iflue out an order to the chief Anothermeet-conftables or other officers of the refpe<5tive hundreds, rapes, ing within laths, wapentakes, or other divifions, to direft the conftable, lllrec we*f9 tythingman, headborough or other officer of each parifti, tyth-	he**0*

ing or place, to give notice to every man fo chofen to ferve in persons cho-the militia, to appear at fuch meeting; which notice shall be fen to attend; given or left at his place of abode at leaft feven days before fuch meeting) and every person fo chofen by lot, shall upon fuch wh0arc th€0r notice appear at fuch meeting, and there take the oaths dire&ed to take the to be taken, and make, repeat and fubfcribe the declaration oaths, &c. ac-mentioned in and by the faid act pafled in the firft year of his late majefty King George; which oaths and decla-	^	/

ration any one deputy lieutenant is hereby authorized then and are to be and there to adminifter; and shall be inrolled to ferve in the Enrolled toL v militia Of fuch refpeflive county, riding or place, as a private ^Yt^i^n^for militia man, for the fpace of three years, in a roll to be then three years, or and there prepared for that purpofe, or shall provide a fit person provide fit\ (to be approved by the faid deputy lieutenants, or any three or fubffitutes. more of them, or any two deputy lieutenants, together with any one justice of the peace, or any one deputy lieutenant, together with any two juftiees of tbe peace then met) to ferve as his fub-	,

ftitute; which fubftitute fo provided and approved, shall take the (aid oaths, and make, repeat and fubfcribe the faid declara* tion, and fign his content on the faid roll, to ferve as his fubfti-tutc during the faid term; and if any person fo chofen by lot to persons refe* ferve in the faid militia (not being one of the people called (ing to ferto, hn) shall refufe or negleft to take the oaths, and make, repeat forfeit 10V and fubfcribe the declaration aforefaid, and to ferve in the faid militia, or to provide a fubftitute to be approved as aforefaid, who shall take the oaths, and make, repeat and fubfcribe the (kid declaration, and fign his confent to ferve as his fubftitute 5 andattheend every fuch person shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, of three years and at the end of three years be appointed to ferve again. are liable to . XX. And be it enabled. That the faid deputy lieutenants, or D™ot**1ieu-any three or more of them, or any two deputy lieutenants, to- tenants tcT*" get her with any one justice of the peace, or any pne deputy meet occafio-lieuttnant, together with any two juftiees of the peace, (ball nally, and an-pcft in the several fub-divjftons, from time to rime, as often as

fore Mishaeh



13*	Anno	tricefimo	Georgii	II. c. 25. ‘	tf757*

®"»to grant they shall think neceflary, for the due execution of this aft, and ^h^as^a^a 0nc	meetings	in	every	(hall	be on Tuefday in the week

right thereto* before Michaelmas day ; and if any man ferving in the faid militia, being of the age of thirty five years or upwards, and having ferved two years in the militia, mall defire his difcharge; or if any person whatfoevcr shall (hew any juft caufe for his difcharge ; it may and shall be lawful for the faid deputy lieute-tenants, or any three or more of them, or any two deputy lieutenants, together with any one juft ice of the peace, or any one deputy lieutenant, together with any two juftices of the peace, and to (ill up a* their annual meetings for the refpevftive fubdivifions, to by lot all va- difcharge fuch person from ferving in the faid militia; and in the cancies. (lead of the persons fo difcharged, and aMo if there shall be any other vacancy by death, or otherwife, fuch deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them, or any two deputy lieutenants, together with anyonejuftice of the peace, or any one deputy lieutenant, together with any two juftices of the peace, shall caufe a like number of other persons to be chofen by lot out of the lifts of fuch parifhes, tythings or places where iuch vacancies shall happen, unlefs the person by whom any fuch vacancy shall be made, ferved as a fubftitute; in which cafe the person for whom he ferved shall himfelf ferve, or provide another fubftitute for the remainder of the three years unexpired from his Perionschofen having provided his firft fubftitute ; which persons fo chofen, aretotaketheor fubftitutes fo provided and approved as aforefaid, shall take ***!“* Ued^ ^ oat^s> an<* ma^c> repeat and fubferibe the faid declara* UUP0 * tion ; and every person fo chofen shall be inrolled, and every fubftitute fo provided shall fubferibe his confent to ferve, ana shall ferve in the faid militia for the fpace of three years, or for the remainder of the three years unexpired, fubjedl to the directions, provifions and penalties fn this aeft contained.

Private man XXL Provided always, and be it ena&ed. That every militia changing his man (hall, if he change the place of his abode, continue afluafly refidence, to bound to ferve in the militia of the parifh, tything 01* place to lace he^* ^hich he shall fo have removed, until his three years fervkre moves to[ and	completed j and if the quota to the militia of the parifh,

to give previ- tything or place to which he shall fo have removed, be full, he ©usnoticeof (hall, on the firft vacancy, be inrolled to ferve in the militia ^"mova,to thereof, until the whole term of three years adlual fervice be lieuteium? completed; and every fuch militia man (hall, before he change the place of his abode, give notice thereof to any three or more deputy lieutenants, or to any two deputy lieutenants, together with any one justice of the peace, or to any one deputy lieute-?-	nant, together with any two juftices of the peace, at feme pub-

lick meeting, or to one deputy lieutenant, who shall give to fuch militia man a certificate of the time he shall have ferved in the militia of the refpe&ive parifh, tything or place, from his inroll-ment to ferve in the fame; and if fuch certificate shall have been given by one deputy lieutenant only, fuch deputy lieutenant shall certify the fame to the deputy lieutenants and juftices of the peace at their next meeting within fuch fubdivifionj and if any

militia

 

i757*1 Anno tricefimoGEORGli II. c. 25.	tjg

militiaman fo changing the place of his abode, (ball no* give On negfeft of notice as aforefaid, fuch militia man fo negleCtinjr, and thereof Pvmg &ch convicted on oath before one or more justice or juftices of the peace, (ball forfeit and pay the sum of twenty (hillings; and if fiich offender shall refute immediately to pay fuch penalty, it shall be levied by diftrefs and fale of his goods and chattels, bv warrant under the hand and feal, or hand9 and feals of fuch justice or juftices, rendering the overplus (if any) on demand, after deducting the charges of fuch diftrefs and fale. to fuch offender, upon whom fuch diftrefs shall have been made as aforefaid; and for want of fuch diftrefs, fuch justice or juftices shall commit fuch offender to the houfe of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for the fpace of one month.

XXII.	And be it enaCted, That the faid deputy lieutenants^ New lifts to or any three or more of them, or any two deputy lieutenants,be ou5» together with any one justice of the peace, or any one deputy “ the deputy lieutenant, together with any two juftices of the peace in the lieutenants at several fubdivifions, shall yearly caufe new lifts in the several their annual pari(hes, tythings or places within the fame, to be made as is meetings! before directed, and to be returned to them at their (aid annual meetings in the several fubdivifions 5 and shall in every third andevery year appoint what number of persons shall ferve for each parifti, tything or place; and shall caufe a fufficient number of persons ^cn t0 fervc to be chofen by lot, in the room of fuch persons as shall have is to be ap-ferved three years, and of thofe who shall have been difeharged, pointed, and which persons fo chofen shall take the faid oaths, make, repeat and fubferibe the faid declaration, and be implied in manner a- 9 forefaid, fo that by rotation all persons not excepted by this aCt,

Irving in fuch parifhes, tythings or places, may ferve perfonally or by fubftitute, for the fpace of three years j and shall be fub-jeCt to, and under the directions, provifionsand penalties in this aCt contained 5 and no militia man having ferved as a fubftitute, Kofubftttute shall by fuch fervice be excufed from ferving for himfelf, when to be excufed he shall be chofen by lot as aforefaid ; and the faid deputy lieu- from femng tenants, or any three or more of them, or any two deputy lieu-tenants, together with any one justice of the peace, or any one ta ^ . deputy lieutenant, together with any two juftices of the peace, tranfmitted ta shall tranfmit to his Majesty’s lieutenant true copies of the faid the lieute-rolls, within fourteen days after their refpeCtive meetings for thatnant* purpofe; and if any chief conftable,or other officer of any hundred, rape, lath, wapentake, or other divifion, or any conftable, tyth- Conftables or ingman, headborough, or other officer, of any parifh, tything otheroflieera or place, shall refufe or negleCt to return fuch lifts from time to time, or to comply with fuch orders and directions as he shall ^/,or fromtime to time receive from his Majesty’s lieutenant, and the fraud, laid deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them, or any two deputy lieutenants, together with any one justice of the peace, or any one deputy lieutenant,* together with any two juftices of the peace, in purfuance of this aCt, or shall in making iiich return, be guilty of any fraud or wilful partiality, any three or more deputy lieutenants, or any two deputy lieutenants, together

	/■

Pjivate man ferving for bimfelf is exempted from several duties and offices.

140	Anno	tricelimo Georgii II. c. 25.	[1757.

gethec with any one justice of the peace, or any one deputy lieutenant, together with any two justices of the peace, are hereby im powered and required tokimprifon in the common gaol of the may beirapri- refpcAive county or place, fuch chief constable or other officer foriedforone of any hundred, rape, lath, wapentake, or other divifion; or nmth, or fin- fUch conftable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer of any ceedinr	tything	or place; there to be kept without bail or main-

»or under 40s. prize for the fpace of one month; or at their difcretion, to fine fuch officer in any fum not exceeding five pounds, nor under forty (hillings; fuch fine to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and feals of any three or more deputy lieutenants, or of any two deputy lieutenants, together with any one justice of the peace, or of any one deputy lieutenant, together with any two jdftices of the peace, rendering the overplus (if any) on demand, after deducing the charge of fuch diftrefs and fale, to fuch officer upon whom fuch diftrefs shall have been made as aforefaid.

XXIII.	Provided always, and be it enacted. That no private man, perfonally ferving for himfelf in the faid militia, during the time of his ferving as a militia man, shall be liable to do perfonally any highway duty, commonly called flatute work, or to ferve as a peace officer or parifti officer; nor shall fuch private man be liable to ferve in any of his Majesty’s land forces, by virtue of any alt for recruiting bis Majesty’s land forces, unlels he shall confent thereto.

None having XXIV. Provided always. That no person having perfonally ferved three or by fubftitute ferved three years in the militia, shall be obliged to ferve^gain 10 ^ervc a8a’n> until by rotation it comes to his turn, botinrota* XXV. And be it enaAed, That every man having perfonally rion.	ferved in the militia, when called out and aflembled in cafe of

The fame It- aAual invafion, or upon imminent danger thereof, or in cafe of to'mamed* rcb®Uion, and being a married man, may fet up and exercife any men, if called fuch trade as he is apt and able for, in any town or place within out in cafe* of the kingdoms of Groat Britain and Ireland, without any let, fuit or publick dan- nioleftation, of any person or persons whatsoever, for or by traces0 * ** rcafon of the ufing of fuch trade, as freely, and with the fame provifions, and under the fame regulations, and with the like exception in refpeft to the two univerfities of that part of Great Britain called England, as any mariner or foldier may do, by au aA pafled in the twenty second year of his Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act to enable fuch officers, mariners and foldiers, as have been in his Majefty's fervice since his acceffton to the throne, to exercife trades.

XXVI. Ahd be it enaAed, That if any perfon, being one of ehofen and re- the people called fakers, shall be chofen by Jot to ferve in the fufe to ferve, militia, and shall refufe or negleA to appear and take the oaths, and make, repeat and fubferibe the declaration aforefaid, and to ferve in the faid militia, or to provide a fubftitute, to be appointed as aforefaid, who shall take the faid oaths, make, repeat and fubferibe the faid declaration, and fubferibe his confent to ferve as the lubftitute of fuch Quaker $ then and in every fuch cafe,

any

u by ai Gee, 3,c. 44. is granted to mariner* or foldiers.

If a Quaker be

or provide a fubftitute.



i7$f.] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. 0.25*	141

any three deputy lieutenants, or any two deputy lieutenants. Deputy lieu-

together with any one justice of the peace, or any on* deputy tcna?*s arct°

lieutenant, together with any two juftices of the peace, (hall, ^d^evVthe

upon as reafonable terms as may be, provide and hire a fit per- expence by di*

fon, who shall take the (aid oaths, make, repeat and fubfcribe ft refs and fole«

the faid declaration, and fubfcribe his content to ferve in the faid

militia for the fpace of three years, as the fubftituto of fuch

Quaker’, and any three deputy lieutenants, or any two deputy

lieutenants, together with any one justice of the peace, or any

one deputy lieutenant, together with any two juftices of the

peace, are hereby impowered and required to levy by diftrefs

and fale of the goods and chattels of fuch JQuaker, by warrant

under the hands and feais of any three deputy lieutenants, or

any two deputy lieutenants, together with any onejufticeof the

peace, or any one deputy lieutenant, together with any two

juftices of the peace, fuch fum<or fums as shall be ncceflary to’

defray the expence of providing and hiring fuch person to ferve

in the faid militia for the fpace of three years, as the fubftitute

of fuch Quaker fo refuting or neglecting as aforefaid, rendering

the overplus, if any, after deducting the charges of fuch diftrefs

and fale, to fucK Quaker,, upon whom fuch diftrefs shall have IfoppreflWe

been made as aforefaid; and in cafe any meafures shall be ufed fomak-

in making diftrefs as aforefaid, which may be by any fuch jng ^5.

Quaker thought oppreftive, it shall be lawful fpr fuch Quaker to ft refs, Quaker

complain thereof to the deputy lieutenants and juftices of the **P°.n con|-

ppacc. at their next meeting, who are hereby impowered and re- ^reffcd° **

quired to hear and finally determine the (ame.	~

XXVII. And be it cnadted, That within one month after within one the faid rolls are fo returned from the deputy lieutenants, and month after juftices of the peace as aforefaid, his Majesty’s lieutenant, to- return of the getfier with any two or more deputy lieutenants, or m the ab~	heu-

(ence of the faid lieutenant, any three or moredeputy lieutenants deputy^heu-(hall meet together, and form and order the militia for their re- tenants are to

fpe&ive counties, ridings or places, into regiments, confiding, meet, and where the number of militia men will admit the fame, of twelve, but in no cafe oflefs than feven companies, of forty men each ments1*10 ^ at the Icaft, of persons living as near to each other as conveni- 9 cntly c^n be; and shall port to each company proper officers and poft pro. commiitioncd and qualified as aforefaid, and other proper non- per officers to com million officers; and the militia fo formed and ordered shall each compa* be trained and exercifed in manner following ; that is to fay. In J$*nner Qf half companies on the firft Monday in the months of March,	and

April, May, June, July, Auguft, September, and Oftober, and in exercifing the co/ppanies on the third Monday in the faid months, ft each place militia, of exercife, or fo many, pot amounting to half, companies or companies refpe&ively, living within the diftances herein after mentioned, as can be conveniently brought together; and in regiments or by battalions on the Tuefday, IVtdtufday, Thurfday and Friday] n lVhittfun week, in every year, at places of exercife to be appointed within the refpedfive counties,.ridings,or places by Jus Majesty’s lieutenant* together with any two or more dc~ *

puty



Notice of the places of ea-ercife is to be fent to the chief conftables, &c.

14%	Anno	tncefimo Georgii II. c. 25. C1757'

Tputy lieutenants, or in the abfence of the faid lieutenant, by any three or more deputy lieutenants, as convenient with regard to the refpe&ive abodes of the militia men as may be, and fo as fuch militia men may not be obliged to go above fix miles from home to perform fuch exercife in half companies or companies; and notice of the several places of exercife to which the militia men of each parifh, tything or place are to refort, fhaU be fent to the chief conftables, or other officers of the several hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divifions, with directions to forward the fame to the conftables, tythingmen, headboroughs, t^h^arifoof-or ot^cr °fficcrs the several parifhes, tythings or places with* ficers *who are *n th«r rcfpcCtive hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other to fix’the fame divifions ; which conftables, tythingmen, headboroughs, or on the church other parish officers, shall caufe fuch notice to be fixed on the doors,	the doors of the churches or chapels belonging to their refpec-

tive parifhes, tythings or places ; or if any place being extrapa-rochial, fhaU have no church or chapel belonging thereto, on the door of the church or chapel of fome parifh, tything or place thereunto adjoining; and all fuch militia men shall duly attend A clerk, fer- on the days herein before mentioned, at the times and places of exercife fo to be appointed 5 and his Majesty’s lieutenant (hall, fr°m t*mc t0 time ** OCC2^on *hall require, appoint a clerk, and pointed to a^° a fajeant major out of the feijeants, and a drum major out each regi- of the drummers, to each regiment or battalion.

*“c.nt: .	XXVIII. Provided always, That if the principal inhabitants

venient on ^c- “y P*nfli, town or place, or any five or more of them, shall count of fairs reprefent to the lieutenant, or any three or more deputy lieu-or markets tOi tenants, or any two deputy lieutenants, together with anyone exercife the justice of the peace, or to any one deputy lieutenant, together ?ayfet by this	two	juftices	of	the	peace,	at	any	meeting	in their fub-

divifion, in which fuch parifh, town or place is fituate, that it is upon account of fairs or markets inconvenient to exercife the militia men on the day appointed by this a&, it shall be lawful for any three deputy lieutenants, or any two deputy lieutenants, together with anyone juft ice of the peace, or any one deputy lieu^ any othcr day tenant, together with any two juftices of the peace, to order in that week and direct the militia men within fuch parifh, town or place, to be exercifed upon any other day within that week, Sunday excepted.

XXIX. Provided alfo. That in any county, riding or place, where the number of men to be raifed, shall not amount to (even companies, and therefore not be fufficient to form a re-

aft,

they may be exercifed on

but Sunday.

Where the numbers are infufficient to

ed Thereto S*mcm» fi*ch companies shall be formed into a battalion, and be formed into lhall he under the command of hisMajefty’s lieutenant of fudi a battalion, county, riding or place, and one field officer, one adjutant (who shall not be of higher rank in the army than a fubaltern) one ferjeant major, one drum major, and one clerk, fhaU be appointed for the battalion of militia of fuch county, riding or four days in P*acc > a°d the whole militia of fuch county, ridihg or place, Whitfun week lhall on the Tut/day^ Wednefday, Tburfdoy and Friday in JVhitfun annually* week in every year, be trained and exercifed in the fame nanoer,

as

and are to be

exercifed for



1757*] Anno tricesimo Gborgii II. c« 25.	14g

as regiments in other counties are by this a<5k dirc&cd to be brought together, trained and exercifed.

XXX.	Provided alfo. That where byreafon of the diftance Smallerbodies from the appointed place of exercife, a whole,company, or half ^"^*obe company of militia men, cannot be got together, his Majesty’s** lieutenant, together with any one or more deputy lieutenants, thought fit by or in the abfence of his Majeftv’s lieutenant, any two or more the lieutenant* deputy lieutenants, shall order (uchfma)lernumbers to be train-

ed and exercifed by fuch person or) peiioas, and in fuch place or places as they shall think fit.

XXXI.	And be it enaded. That one commiflion officer in Cfcmmifioii

every company shall attend the exercife of his men, when in	exl

companies or in half companies, as often as convenient, and ^ifc of com* shall then infped the date of their arms, clothes and accoutre- panics or h4f menrs, a report whereof he shall forthwith tranfmit in writing companies, to his Majesty’s lieutenant, or tothc commanding officer of the regiment or battalion.

XXXII.	And be it eoaded. That the captain of each com- Captain to . pany of militia shall keep in his own cufiody, or leave and de*- J]£vc ‘ pofit with the Several ferjeants belonging to his company, or with ^jfand fuch perfon* as the faid captain shall appoint for that purpofe, dothe* &c.of the arms, clothes, and accoutrements provided for his company his company s of militia; and the churchwardens of every parish or place where an^!n*to~ the faid arms, clothes and accoutrements, are fo depofited, or

one .of them, is and are hereby required to provide, at the expence of fuch parish or place, a cheft, in which fuch captain, .

(erjeant, or other person fo appointed as aforefaid, shall keep the faid arms in fome dry part of his houfe or dwelling, under lock, and key, and another cheft, in which he shall keep under lock and key, the faid clothes and accoutrements; and the feijeant, or fuch other person as shall be appointed to train and difeipline tlje men. Is hereby required to take care, that after exercife every .pailitiamao cleans and returns his arms, clothes and accoutrements, to his captain, or to fuch person as (ball be appointed as aforefaid to receive the fame.

XXXIII.	Provided always, and be it ensured, That his Ma- The King's jelly’s lieutenant of any county, riding or place, or the colonel lieutenant* ec

. of any regiment of militia, is hereby authorized, by warrant^ayfeiz^and under his hand and feal, to employ fuch person or persons as remove the he shall think fit, to feize and remove the arms, clothes and arms, See. accoutrements, belonging to the militia, whenever his Majesty’s when necet-faid lieutenant, or the faid colonel, shall judge it neceftary the peace of the kingdom, and to deliver the faid arms, clothes puD ** and accoutrements, into the cuftody of fuch person or persons 3* his Majesty’s faid lieutenant, or the faid colonel, shall appoint to receive the fame, for the purposes of this adl.

yXXIV. And be it enabled, That if any ferjeant, or any Perfon intnrfh-other person intruded by the captain with the cuftody of any with cufto-arms, clothes or accoutrements, belonging to the militia, shall arm*. See. dedeliver out any fuch arms, clothes or accoutrements, unlefs foriiverbg out ejcerciling the men, or by the command of his (uperior officer, the Hunt, un-

cur by the order of any jufticc of the peace under his hand and tor ?xcr~ 1 1 J r





444	Anno tricesimo GeoRgii II. C; 2$.	£1757.

proper com- feal, it may and shall be lawful for any two or more juftices of c^mittecf for	Pcace to c01*11™* fuch offender to the common gaol of the

6 months. °* county, riding or place, where the offence shall be committed, there to remain without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding fix months.

No pav, arms, XXXV. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, kI vr h t0 That no Pay* arms, accoutrements or clothing, shall be i(Toed, adjutant or* an<* t^iat no atljutant or ferjeants shall be appointed for the militia of any county, riding or place, till it shall appear by a return (igned by his Majesty’s lieutenant, or, in his abfence, by three deputy lieutenants, that four fifths of the militia men of the faid county, riding or place, have been chofen; and that

ierjeant to be appointed till fotir fifths of the men, and officers, have

been appoint-four fifths °f commiflion officers have been appointed; and

ed,&c.

Names of the men to be

that they have taken out their comtnilfions and entered their qualifications.

XXXVI. And be it enaded, That the ferjeant^ or fuch other person as shall be appointed to train and dHelpline the men, shall exercifeVer*at ov*r namcs °f the militia men fo appointed to be ex-ercifed; and within one week after every fuch exercife, thall certify in writing to fome neighbouring juft ice of the peace, the names of the militia men abfent from exercife, with the reafom

ent.

And the ju-ftice may fine fuch ablentce for the i ft of- , fence x s.

for the *d offence 4s.

and a return made to a ju-ftice, of the

and offilch ast^lc*r a^nce> if known to him ; and the faid ferjeant, or bedifobedi- other person appointed to train and difeipline the men, shall alfo certify at the fame time, if any of the faid militia men be difobedient, or otherwife mifbehave themfelves; and fuch justice •of the peace is hereby impowered and required, upon proof then made upon oath, to fine every fuch abfent militia man, whofe excufe he shall not allow of, for the firft time of his being fo abfent, two (hillings; and if fuch militia man shall refiife immediately to pay fuch fine, fuch militia man (hall, by order of the faid juftice, be fet in the docks for the fpace of one hour; and for the second offence, fuch militia man fo convicted as aforefaid, lhall forfeit and pay four (hillings ; and if, fuch militia man shall refufe immediately to pay fuch penalty, the justice of the. peace before whom fuch militia man shall be foconvidled as aforefaid, shall by warrant commit fuch militia man to the for the 3d, and houfe of corre&ion for the fpace of four days; and for the third Cfr °?Cr an<* cverY other offence, fuch militia man fo convi&ed shall for-o ence s.	an(j	pay	Shillings	;	and	if	fuch	militia	man	(hall	refufe

immediately to pay fuch penalty, the justice of the peace before whom fuch militia man shall be fo convi&ed as aforefaid, (half, by warrant, commit fuch militia man to the houfe of corre&ton for any time not exceeding one month, or until fuch penalty and if any mi- shall be paid ; and if any militia man (hail be drunk at the time litia man (ball 0f his exercifing, fuch militia man, being thereof convidled on Jmdut* he oat^ before fome justice of the peace, shall forfeit and pay ten forfeits^!o9, (hillings; and if fuch militia man shall refufe immediately to pay fuch penalty, fuch militia man shall be, by order of fuch if difobedient, juftice, fet in the (locks for one hour; and if any militia man for the tft of- shall be difobedient or infolent to his officer, and be convi<5led fence a*. 6d. thereof as aforefaid, fuch militia man (hall, for the firft offence,

forfeit



ijsfJ]	Anno tru^fimo GfcORGii II. c, 25.	145

forfeit and pay two (hillings and fix pence; and if fuch militia

man shall refufe immediately to pay fuch penalty, the justice of

the peace before whom fuch militia man shall be lb convi6ted as

aforefaid, (hall* by warrant* commit fuch militia man to the

houfe of correction for the fpace of four days; and, for the fe- for the id cU

cond offence, fuch militia man fo convicted as aforefaid, shall fence 5 s*

forfeit and pay live (hillings; and if fuch militia man lhall refufe

immediately so pay fuch penalty, the justice of the peace before

whom fuch militia man shall be lb convicted as aforefaid, (hall,

by warrant* commit fuch militia man to the houfe of correction

for the fpace of (even days; and for the third and every other an(J for thc -

offence fuch militia man fo convicted as aforefaid, lhall forfeit and cvery 0.

and pay forty (hillings; and if fuch militia man shall refofe im- tber.offenct

mediately to pay fuch penalty, the jufticeof the peace before ***•

whom fuch militia man shall be fo. convicted as aforefaid, dull,

by warrant, commit fuch militia man to the houfe of correction,

for any time not lefs than fourteen days, nor exceeding one

atonal: and if any militia man (halt fell, pawn or lofe, any of and if he fell,

his arms, clothes or accoutrements, fueh militia man, being pawn, or kxe

thereof convicted in manner aforefaid, shall forfeit and pay a "j* *rm#»

fam not exceeding; three pounds; and if fuch militia man shall ^ forteiuii.

refufckninediately to pay fuch penalty, the justice of the peace

before whom fuen militia man shall be fo convicted as aforefaid,

(hall, by warrant, commit fuch militia man to the houfe of correction for the fpace of one month, and until fatisfaCtion be made for the fame ; and if be shall not be of ability to make fuch fatisfa&ion, then for the fpace of three months: and if any mi- if be negleft litia man shall refufe or negleCt to return his arms, clothes and to return hit accoutrements, in good order, to his captain, or to fuch person *r™s» &c lie as-ihall be appointed as aforefaid to receive the fame, on the ^eits 1 *' day of exercife, or the next day, fuch militia man, being thereof convicted as aforefaid, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay two (hillings and fix pence; and if fuch militia man ihxll refufe immediately to pay fuch penalty, the justice of the pSace before whom fuch militia man (hail be fo convicted as afocefaid, (ball, by warrant, commit fuch militia man to the houfe of correction for the fpace of feven days ; and if any mi-* and if he neg-litix man shall refufe or negleCt to return his arm9, clothes and	*?rcIlJrn

accoutrements, in good order, to his captain, or to fuch per-fon as shall be appointed as aforefaid to receive the fame, on or vvhitfun before the Monday after Whilfun week, and be thereof convidCd week, 51. a* aforefaid, fuch militia man shall forfeit and pay five (hillings ; and i£ foch militia man shall refufe immediately to pay foch penalty, the justice of the peace before whom fuch militia man (hull be fo convicted as aforefaid, (hall, by warrant, commit foch militia man to the houfe of correction for the fpace of four* teen days.	•

JCXaVH. And be it enaCted,* That if the ferjeanr or other jf the perfoa, person appointed by any captain of the militia, to receive and entrofted keep in his cuftody the arms, clothes and accoutrements, there- therewith, to belonging, shall refufe or negkd to complain within three

VpL. XXII.	Lr	days	juiticc within

 L,ooq le

1146	Anno	tncefimo	Georgr	II.	c, 25.	:	[1757.

3days, of . days to lbme neighbouring justice of the peace of any militia any arms or man’s not having returned his arms, clothes and accoutrements, being return- as ^°rc dire&ed, fuch ferjeant or other person appointed as a-ed, 1 forefaid, being thereof convi&ed on oath before one of bis Ma-bc forfeits «os. jetty’s juttices of the peace, shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty (hillings; which penalty, if the offender (Kail refufe immediately to pay the fame, (hail be levied by dittrefs and £dc of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and feal of the juttice of the peace before whom fuch offender shall be fo convi&ed as aforefaid, rendering the overplus, if any, on demand, after deducing the charges of fuch dittrefs and (ale, to fuch offender, upon whom fuch dittrefs shall have been made as aforefaid.

Noncommtf- XXXVIII. And be it ena&ed, That if any non-commiflion (ion officer or officer of the militia, or private militia man, shall be abfent Pbfeatemah fr°m aanuai meeting of the militia, to which he shall be-outiu&wuft l°n& without juft caufe (hewn, fuch non-committion officer or from the an- * private militia man, being thereof convided upon oath, before Dual meeting, one or more juttice of juttices of the peace, fhadl forfeit and pay forfeits 10 s. ten (hillings for each day of fuch abfcnce; and if fuch non-oom-per cm. midion officer or private militia man, shall refufe immediately to pay fuch penalty, the juttice or juttices of the peace before whom fuch non-commiffion officer or private militia man shall be io convi&ed, (hall, by warrant, commit fbek non-commaffiooofr ficer or private militia man to the houfe of corre&ion for. the ,	fpace of one month.

Non»comfni£‘ XXXIX. And be it ena&ed. That if any non-commiffion (ion'officer	officer shall be negligent in his duty, or infoknt, or difobedient

^en?infolent *° ^ders of the adjutant, or other his faperior officer, and or difobedient)	thereof convicted as aforefaid upon the oath of the adjutant,

forfeits any * or other fuperior officer, before one or more justice or juffioe* of fum not ex- the peace, fuch non-commiffion officer shall forfeit and pay any cceding 30 s. fum not exccecjing thirty shillings, at the diferetion of fiacn justice or juttices; and if fuch non-commiffion officer shall re* fufe immediately to pay filch penalty, the justice or juttices of the peace before whom fuch non-commiffion officer shall he fo convicted as aforefaid, (hall, by warrant, commit fuch noa-com-miffion officer to the houfe of corre&ion for the fpace of fonr-r teen days, and his Majesty’s lieutenant may difeharge fuch non-commiffion officer out of the militia, if he shall think fit.

If any perfon	XL. And be it ena&ed, That if any person shall knowingly

ihall unlaw- and willingly buy, take in exchange, conceal or otherwife re-futty buy, ex- ceive, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a<5t, any c^orreceive ara,s> clQthes or accoutrements, belonging to the militia, upon any of the * any account or pretence whatfoever, the person fo offending, bc-arms or cloth- ing convi&ed thereof upon oath before one of more juttice or ing, he for- juttices of the peace, shall forfeit and pay for every fuch offence, eSe* 5f h** ^um ®ve Pout^s > and if fuch offender shall refufe imme-bffencc!10 diately to pay fuch penalty, the justice or juttices of the peace before whom fuch offender shall be fo convi&ed as aforefaid* (hall, by warrant under the hand and feal, or hands and fcaUj

 

*757*J	Anno tricefiiAd Georgii It. c. 2$.	£47

of fucH juftlcc or juftices, levy the fame by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, rendering the overplus (if any) on demand, after deducting the charges of fuch diftrefs and fale,' to fuch offender upon whom fuch diftrefs shall have been made as aforefaid; and for want of fuch diftrefs, shall commit fuch offender to the common gaol of the county, riding or place* where the offence shall have been committed, there :o remain, without bail or mainprize, for the fpace of three months, or ihall Caufe fuch offender to be publickly whipt, at the difcretion of fuch justice or juftices.

XLL Provided always, and be it enafted. That no officer of None liable to the militia, or private militia man, shall be liable to any penalty penalty for 4 for or on account of his abfence during the time he shall be go-	5*ur*

ing to vote at any election of a member to ferve in parliament, oiling to* or daring the time he (half be returning from fuch election. vote fora

XLIJ. And be it ena&ed. That all the mufkets delivered for member, or the ifervice of the militia, shall be marked diftincftly in fome vi-	u-

fibte place, with the letter M, and the name of the county, rid- ^arkeYwith ing or place, to which they belong.	an (M) and

XLII1. And be it enabled. That the fevera! feijeants shall the name of receive all their military orders, with refpedt to the training the county, &c. militia men under their care, from the adjutant, and their fu-revive orders perior officers; and are hereby required to report^ from time to from the ad-time, all crimes and mifdemeanors of the leveral militia men jutaiit, See. under thiir command to their adjutant, or fuperior officers, or an<* J10 r*Port to fomc civil magiftrate, as the cafe shall require.	^dc-c#

XLIV. Provided always, and be it enabled. That all chief meanors of conftables, petty conftables, tythingmen, headboroughs, and the men. other officers of hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, parifhes, AU conftaWes* fythings and places, within that part of	Britain	called	^ officer.,

England, and the dominion of fvalis> (hall, and they are here- required to be by required to be aiding and aflifting to the juftices of the peace, affifting in ex* and to his Majesty’s faid refpedtive lieutenants, and their depu- ecution of the ty lieutenants, and to any of them, and to all to whom any prcpH“e3, power or authority is by this a<5l given, in the executipn of the premises.

XLV. And beit enafled, That in cafe of acftual invafion, Jn car<5 0f jn-or upon imminent danger thereof, or in cafe of rebellion, it may vafion or re. and shall be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflfors (the hellion, Uc. occafion being firft communicated to parliament, if the parlia- tbe King may ment shall be then fitting, or declared in council, and notified ^^[0 he ^ by proclamation, if no parliament shall be then fitting or in be- dpawnoutaa4 ing) to order and diredt his lieutenants, and on their death or embodied, removal, or in their abfence from their refpedlive counties, ridings or places, any three or more deputy lieutenants, with all convenient fpeed* to draw out and embody all the regiments and battallions of militia of their refpe&ive counties, ridrngs or places, herein appointed to be raifed and trained, or fo many of them as his Majesty, his heirs, and fucceftors shall in his or tff&r great wiftlom judge neceffary, in fuch manner as shall be hfcft adapted to the circumftancCs of the danger hnd to put the

La	faid

14$	Anno triccfimo Georgii II. c. 15.	[17^7,

and put them faid forces under the command of fuch general officers as his under the Majefty^ his heirs and fucceflors shall be pleafed to appoint over “of-* them ; and to diredt them to be led by their refpedtive officers ters,	into any parts of this kingdom, for the fuppreffion of fuch in-

and dire61 vafions and rebellions: and the faid officers of the militia, and them to be led private militia men, fhall, from the time of their being drawn al??P*5ts0[ out and embodied as aforefaid, and until they shall be returned thckingdom; again, by order of their commanding officers, to their refpeft-to receive* like *ve Pari^cs or places of abode, remain under the command of pay as the fuch general officers, and shall be intitled to the fame pay as the King's forces, officers and private men in his Majesty’s other regiments of foot and their receive, and no other; and the officers of the militia (half, officers to have during fuch time as aforefaid, rank with the officers of his Ma-equal rank jefty’s other forces of equal degree with them as the youngeft with the of- Qf their rank ; and the officers of the tnilitia, and private mi-artny I” 1 C ^tia mcn*	hereby,	during	fuch	time	as	aforefaid,	fufr-

and they are to jedted and made liable to all fuch articles of war, rules and re-

be fubie& to gulations, as shall be then by a6t of parliament in force, for the like rules and difcipline and good government of any of his Majeftv’s forces ar ceso war; -n Qfiat £rjfaln- any thing herein contained to the-contrary notwithftanding; and when they shall be returned again to their refpedlive parilhes or places of abode, they shall be under the fame orders and directions only, as they were before they were drawn out and embodied as aforefaid: and if any non-comtnif-fion officer of the militia, or private militia man, shall be maimed or wounded in actual fervice, he shall be equally intitled to the benefit of Cbelfea HofpltaU with any nOn-commif-fion officer, or private foldier, belonging to his Majesty’s other forces: and if any militia man fo ordered to be drawn out and embodied as aforefaid (not labouring under any infirmity incapacitating him to ferve as a militia man) shall not appear -and march in purfuance of fuch order, every fuch militia man, being convicted thereof upon oath, before two or more juftices of the peace, shall forfeit and pay.thefum of forty pounds; and if fuch militia man shall refufe immediately to pay fuch penalty, the juftices of the peace before whom fuch militia man shall be fo convicted, fhall, by warrant, commit fuch militia man to the common gaol of the county, riding or place, where he shall have been fo convicted, there to remain without bail br main-prize for the fpace of twelve months, or until he shall have paid the penalty aforefaid.

XL VI. And be it further enacted, That if at any time (in cafe of actual invafion, or upon imminent danger thereof, or in cafe of rebellion) the parliament shall happen to be fepafated by fuch adjournment or prorogation as will not expire within fourteen tobefumtnon- days, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, cd to meet,&c. t0 jfl-ue a proclamation for the meeting of the parliament, upon fuch day as he or they shall thereby appoint, giving fourteen days notice of fuch appointment; and the parliament shall ac-,	cordingly	meet	upon	fuch	day, and continue to fit and act in like

man*

and being maimed or wounded are equally intitled to CheU fea hofpital.

Private men notappearing, or refuting to march according to fuch order forfeit 40I.

In catie of in-vation, or rebellion, the parliament is

 L.ooQle

1757*3 Anno tricesimo Georg11 II. c. 25.	149

manner to all intents and purpofe?, as if it had flood adjourned or prorogued to the fame day.

XLVII. And be it enadted, That no officer ferving in the Officers in the militia, when called out into actual fervice, shall fit in any court martial upon the trial of any officer or foldier ferving in any his Majefty's other forces ; nor lhall any officer ferving in any of minately on his Majefly’s other forces, fit in any court-martial upon the trials for of-trial of any.officer or private man ferving in the militia.	fence* com-

XLVIII. And be it enaded, That it may and shall be law- ^^ent ful for the mayors, bailiffs, conftables, tytningmen, headbo- corps, roughs, and other chief xnagiftrates, and officers of cities, Officer* and towns, parifhes, tythings, villages and other places, within P”vat^ "Jf"* that part of Great Britain called England^ the dominion of Wales, ou^^eir and the town of Berwick upon Tweedy and in their default or annual exer-abfence, for any one justice of the peace inhabiting in or near cife, are to be any fuch city, town, ^parilh, tything, village or place, and for quartered on no others, and they are hereby required to quarter and billet the &c# .officers and private men ferving in the militia, at the times when * they shall be called out to their annual exercife, in inns, livery flables, ale-houfes, victualling-houfes, and all houles of per-fons felling brandy, ftrong waters, cyder or metheglin by retail.

XLIX. And be it ena&ed. That in cafe of aCtual invafion, in cafe of in-or .upon imminent danger thereof, or in cafe of rebellion as afore- vafion, or re-faid, it may and shall be lawful for any juflice of the peace °^^es ”11 Ion any county, riding or place, being duly thereunto required by order*from* an order from his Majesty, or from his Majefly’s lieutenant, or the King, or' from any deputy lieutenant of the county, riding or place, or commanding from the colonel, or other chief commilfion officer upon theofficer»^c* place, of any regiment, company or detachment of militia, to iffue out his warrant under his hand, to the chief conftables of carriage* for hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes or divifions, or to the con- the troops., flables, tythingmen, headboroughs or other officers of the pantiles, tythings or places, from, through, near, or to which, any fuch regiment or company of militia men, or any detachment or troop thereof, shall be ordered to march, requiring fuch chief conftables, tythingmen, headboroughs or other officers, to make fuch provifion for carriages of the arms, clothes, accoutrements, powder, match, bullets or other warlike materials, with able men to drive fucb carriages, as is and are mcn^ tioned in the faid order; but in cafe fuch fufficient carriages and men cannot be provided within any fuch county, riding, hundred, rape, lath, wapentake, divifion, parifti, tything or place, then the next juflice or juftices of the peace (hall, upon fuch ordei* as aforefaid being (hewn unto him or them, iffue his or. their warrant to the chief conftables, conftables, tythingmen, headboroughs or other fuch officers, of the next county, riding,

.hundred, rape, lath, wapentake, divifion,* parilh, tything or place, for the purposes aforefaid, to make up fuch deficiency of carriage?; and fuch lieutenant, deputy lieutenant, colonel or Officer is to other cluef commiffion officer upon the place, who, by virtue of

L3	thc?ms«i

ijjp»	Anno tricdfimo GeoroiHI. o.if {1757.

the aforefaid warrant from the find jufiiee of the poiee^ ilnll deu xnand fuch carriages of fuch chief conftahle, conftable, tything* man, headborough, or other officer, is and are hereby required at the fame time to pay down in hand lathe faid chief conftable, conftable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer, for the ufe of the person who shall provide fudi carriages and mco* the sum of one (hilling for every mile any waggon with five horfes shall travel; and the sum of one (hilling for every mile any wain with fix oxen, or with four oxen and two horfes shall travel; and the sum of nine pence for every mile any cart with for which a four horfes shall travel; and fo in proportion for carriages drawn receipt U to be by a lefs number of horfes or oxen ; for which refpe&ive fume given him, -	 -	*	-	*	^	* *

and the con-(lables are to order carriages to be furnifhed accordingly ;

for 1 day’s journey ;

Additional expences to be repaid out

fo received, the faid chief conftable, conftahle, tythingman* headborough, or other officer, is hereby required to give a receipt in writing, to the person or persons paying the fame; and fuch chief conftable, conftable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer, shall order and appoint foch person or persons, having carriages within their refpe&ive hundreds, rapes, laths* wapentakes, parilhes, tvthings or places, as they (hail think proper, to provide and fumifh fuch carriages and men according to the warrant afore&id ; which persons fo ordered, are hereby required to provide and furni(h the fame accordingly, for one day’s journey, and no more ; and in cafe the laid elder con-ftables, conftabies, tythingmen, headboroughs, or other officers, shall be at any charges for fuch carriages over and above of the county what is fo received by them of his Majesty’s (aid lteutenantr ftock.	the faid deputy lieutenant, colonel, or other chief officer as a*

forefaid, fuch overplus shall be borne by each county, riding or place, where fuch additional expence (nail be incurred, and be repaid to them without fee or reward, by the treasurer of -each refpedtive county, riding or place, out of the publick ftock.

L. And be it enacted. That if any fuch chief conftahle, con-ConftaWes, ftable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer, shall wilfully &c. negieft- nejjed or retufe to execute any fuch warrant of any justice of ing th«r duty the peace 5 or if any person appointed by fuch chiet conftable, ccc^ngAosf con™ble, tythingman, headborough, or other officer, topro-m>r lefs than vide or fornifti any fuch carriage and man, shall wilfully negle# *os.	or refufe to provide the fame, every fuch offender ffiall forfeit

a fum not exceeding forty shillings, nor lefs than twenty shillings, to the ufe of the poor of the pari(h, tything or place, where fuch offence shall be committed, and every fuch offence ifhalhand may be heard and determined by two juftices of the peace within the county, riding or place, where fuch offence ^ -	(hall be committed 5 which juftices (hall, by warrant under their

hands and feals, caufe the faid penalty to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender's goods and chattels, rendering the 1	overplus (If any) on demand, after deducing the charges of

fuch 'diftrefs and fide, to fuch offender upon whom fuch diftrefe shall have been made as aforefaid.

. Jdiiuia. not	LI. Provided always, and be itemuSed, That neither this

lnhic co jw ad, nor any matter or thing herein contained, shall be deemed

i '	or



f

r?57.] Anno tricesimo GsoRq^ II. o. a-5»	151

1 or cocftrocd tp extend to the gyving or declaring any power for marched out I the transporting any of the militia of this realm, or any way °f thc ! compelling them to march out of this kingdom.	dom'

Lil. Provided always, and be k enacted, That his Majesty’s Lieutenants lieutenants of the Several counties of Cumberland* Huntingdon, for Cumber* Mmmouth* We^moreiami and Rutland* and of every county and Jjmd,Hunting-place in the dominion of Walts* shall refpedtively have the chief wIa row and of the militia thereof, which shall he railed by virtue morefcutd, of this a&; and in all the (aid counties of Cumberland* /&#/-Rutland and irtgdoa* Mmsmtb* Wefimoreknd and Rutland* and in every	*?

county and place within the dominion of /^i>irefpe£Uvely,thcre^^^

(haU be five or more deputy lieutenants appointed (if fo many the militia qualkied as herein after exprefled can be therein found) and the there, dilates requifite for the qualification of the refpecSive deputy Number of lieoaenants and officers of thc militia therein, shall be as follows; that is to iiy. They shall be feifed or poftefted of fuch an estate as is in this a& mentioned, as a qualification for a deputy lieutenant, colonel or other officer of the militia, in that part of Grwat Britain called England* in the proportions following: A Deputy lieu* deputy lieutenant or ocdonel shall be in like manner feifed or tenant or copefiefled a£ a like estate as aforefaid of the yearly value of three ^»fc° hundred pounds, or shall be heir apparent of a person who shall num.P be in like manner feifed or poftefted of a like estate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of five hundred pounds; a lieutenant colo- Lieutenantco-ncl or major shall be in like manner feifed or poftefted of a likeionel, or ma-eftntoaamorelakl, of the yearly value of two hundred pounds, jor, 200I. or shall be heir apparent ot a person who shall be in like man- Per aimuna* ner feifed or poftefted of a like estate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of four huetdrod pounds; a captain shall be in like man- Captain tool, ner feifed or poftefted of a like estate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of one hundred and fifty pounds, or shall be fon of a person who ftull be, or, at the time of his death, was in like manner feifed or poftefted of a like .eftate as aforefaid, of the* yearly value of three hundred pounds; a lieutenant shall be in like manner feifed or poftefted of a like estate as aforefaid, of the lieutenant yearly value of one hundred pounds, or shall be fon of a per- I00,# P** an~ fon who shall be, or, at the time of his death, was in likenum* manner feifed or poftefted of a like estate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of two hundred pounds; an enfign shall be in likeEnfi . manner feifed or poftefted of a like estate as aforefaid, of ihepe, annum, yearly value of fifty pounds, or shall be fon of a person who shall be, or at the time of his death was, in like manner feifed or poftefted of a like estate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of one hundred pounds; one half of all which refpefhve eftates A ninety shall he fituate or anting within the faid counties and places re- lie iut^e* ** fi»&»vely: and in all the faid counties of Cumberland* Hunting- county for don* Monmouth* Weftmortland and Rutland* and in all the faid which they several counties and places within the faid dominion of Wales refpedtively, the penalties for a&ing nqt being duly qualified, or not having delivered in fuch qualification and taken the oaths, ing Qualified/ and made, repeated and iubfcribed the declaration aforefaid, shall See. for a

L 4	be, puty !««*•

I$z	Anno triceiiM*G£OibGii 1L 0.2$; f 1757*

or fi«Id be, for a deputy lieutenant or field officer one hundred pound*; and for a captain, lieutenant or enfign fifty pounds; fucb few-under/col. ral penalties to be recovered by a&ion of bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Weftmim-Jler, wherein no efioin, wager of law or protedion, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed; one moiety whereof fball .	go to the ufe of the person who shall fue for the fame, and the

other moiety totheufes herein after direded; and any twoor more lieutenants!1 y deputy lieutenants within the faid counties o( Cumberland^ Huntingdon, Monmouth, Weftmorelani and Rutland^ and within ail the faid several counties and places within the (aid dominion of VVales refpedively, shall have and exercife all and every the powers conferred by'this ad on any three deputy lieutenants, or on any two deputy lieutenants, together with any one justice of the peace, or on any one deputy lieutenant, together with any two juftices of the peace, of any county, riding or place within that part of Great Britain called England.

L1II. And whereas the ordering the militia in the ifle of Wight, has always been in the governor or lieutenant governor of the faid ifland: and whereas from the length of time since the militia thereof was railed, the railing the fame in manner heretofore accuftomed, may be attended with many difficulties; thc^flTof °f ^ lt cna^cc*> That the governor of the faid khnd shall appoint Wight is to the officers of the militia to be raifed in the faid ifland, and aupjint his shall and is hereby impowered and required to ad, in the.execu* officers, tion of this ad, in the fame manner ag his Majesty’s lieutenants tenanrsol^11* count**s are hereby impowered and required toad ; and shall counties, appoint five or more deputies to ad with him in and for the faid and appoint ifland; which deputies and officers of the militia Avail bequali-deputies; fied in the fame manner, and are hereby impowered and requir-qualifitVand ^ to a<^> *n r^e execution of this ad, in the fame manner, and aft as like^of- under the fame diredions, provifions and penalties, as deputy ficersfor	lieutenants and officers of the militia in the several counties

Wales;	within the dominion of Wales are by this ad fubjed to,; and

till iMo*be l^e	t*lc	fa,c^	ifland	(hall	be raifed in the fame manner

raffed as in the as the nvilitia of the county of Southampton, and shall be deem-county of	ed a part of the militia of the faid county; and after the fame

Southampton, shall be fo raifed, the faid governor, lieutenant governor, and pan thereof * deputies, fl12^ order and dired the training and exercifing the fC° * faid militia within the faid ifland, in the fame manner as bis Majesty’s lieutenants, and the deputy lieutenants, are by this ad authorized and direded to do in any county within that part of Great Britain called England.

.	LIV. Provided always* and be it enaded. That the militia

Pw-bcck°is to	ifland	of	Pur	beck	(hall	remain	feparate from that of the

be feparate county of Dorfety as heretofore has been ufed ; and the num-from that of berof militia men to be raifed for the {aid ifland, Avail beeigh-thc county of ty, part of fix hundred and forty appointed by this ad to be imJ^o’men ra^cc* ^°r the county of Dorset, with the county of the town of a™ to°be’ n	with a field officer, and other proper officers; and the

FAiTtil thertip, faid ifiand-ffialJ, as to all the purposes of this ad, \k <?onlideicd

a*



*257’D Aan®td4eflmaOBbRoii II. C. 2$;	s$j

actf it'wbee*tliftift&county of Wclf> and all the powers given with * fieM ondprovtfions made by this ad with refpect to counties, and the officer» ^ militia thereof, fhatt take'place and be hi force with refpect to the faid ifland and the militia thereof, except only as to*the fe-verd particulars herein ©xpreffed, and otherwife provided for; that it to fay. The number of deputy lieutenants to be appoint- Three or *cd for the faid Hland shall be three, or more (if fo many duly more deputy qualified can be therein foqnd) any two of which (aid deputy Hentenant* §•' nontenants fliall have and exercife all the powers conferred by this a ft on any three deputy lieutenants of any county, or on any two deputy lieutenants, together with any one justice of the - peace, or on any one deputy lieutenant, together with any two jufticee of the peace, of any county 5 and the eftates requifite for the qualification of the deputy lieutenants and officers of the amlitia in the faid ifland, shall be as follows; a deputy lieutenant and field officer shall be feifed or poflefled of fuch an eftate, and in Deputy lieute-like manner, as is in this adt before mentioned, as a qualification	have

for a deputy lieutenant, colonel or other officer of the militia, 10ol. per an-of the yearly value of two hundred pounds; a captain shall be hum. in like manner feifed or poflefled of a like estate as aforefaid, of Captain »ool. the yearly value of one hundred pounds, or be heir apparent of annum* a person who ffiall be in like manner feifed or poflefled of a like estate as aforefaid, of the yearly'value of two hundred pounds; a lieutenant orenflgn shall be in like manner feifed or poflefled Lieutenant cc of a like estate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of fifty pounds, “rlnnL. or be fon of a person who shall be; or at the time of his death p * was, in like manner feifed or poflefled of a like estate as aforefaid,! of the yearly value of one hundred pounds ; one half of all which eftates refpedivdy shall be fituate or arifing within the laid ifland; and the penalties for acting as deputy lieutenants, and other officers, 'of the militia of the faid iftand, not being Penalties for duly qualified, or not having delivered in their qualification, and afting,not betaken the oaths, and made, repeated and fubferibed, the decla-£S qualified, ration as aforefaid, shall be, for a deputy lieutenant, or field offi- c*arc# eer, sixty pounds ; and for a captain, heutenant or enfign, thir- for a deputy -ty pounds; fuch several penalties to be recovered by adtion of lieutenant or debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts ofl5ccr of record at Wefiminjitr, wherein no eflbin, wager of law, ^ undcr . protedtion, or more than one imparlance, (ball be allowed; J01, one moiety whereof shall go to the ufeof the person who shall foe for the fame, and the other moiety to the ufes herein after directed.

LV. Provided always, and be it enabled. That in all cities The lic«te.\ or towns which are counties within themfelvcs, and have here- n»mC* tofore been impowered bylaw, or ancient ufage, to raise and which are train a feparate militia within their several precindls and ltber-counties with-ties, and which are by this adt United with and made part of j.n them-any county or counties for the purposes of this adt only, or the chief Mtjcfty's lieutenants of fuch cities or towns, or where there is mag\ftrate, no lieutenant appointed by his Majesty, the chief magiftrate of is to appoint

fuch city or town (haft appQint five or more deputy licutehants deputy lien-J	rr	r J	,	f	tenants and

t 1 officers, dec.



s54	Anno trfcefimo GsoMli IL c. 2g.	tI757»

(if So mav poribtts qualified as is herein after cqwftd, can tbesdn be round) and shall alfo appoint officers of the militia, ahoii number and tfcok shall be proportionable to the number of militia men which ftch city or town fluU raife, as their quota towards the militia of the county to which fuch city or town it by this ad united for the purpofcs aforefiud, the qualification of which officers refpeftivdy dull be as is herein after mentioned; and all powers given qnd provifions made by this ad, with re-fped to counties at large, and the militia thereof, and the regi-ftering the qualifications of. deputy lieutenants and officers, dnU take place and be in force with refped to the faid cities tad towns, and the militia thereof, and the regiAcring the find qualifications, except only as to the particulars herein exprefibd and otherwise provided for; that is to fay, after the number of per-fons which fuch city or town is to furnilh to the militia shall have been appointed as aforefifid by his Majesty’s lieutenant, and the deputy lieutenants, or by the deputy lieutenants of the county at large, of the militia, whereof the militia of fuch city or town is by this ad made a part, any two or more of the deputy lieutenants within fuch city or town shall have and exercifit ail tne powers conferred by this adonany three deputy lieutenants, or on any two deputy lieutenants, together with any one juftko of the peace, or any one deputy lieutenant, together with any Deputy lieu, two juftices of the peace of any county at large; and the value tenant and of the refpedi ve qualifications of the deputy lieutenants and offi-field officer, to cera of the militiaof fuch cities or towns, shall be as followsp have jool. per	ttarj deputy lieutenant and field officer shall refpedivdy befiafu

perional^tt. or poraed of fiich an eftate, and in like manner as is in this * ad before mentioned, as a qualification for a deputy lieutenant, colonel, or other officer of the militia, in manors, mcfiuages, hods, tenements or hereditaments, in England* Wales* or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, of the yearly value of three hundred pounds, or (nail be pofiefled of a perfbnal estate alone, to Captain >501. the amount or value of five thouiaod pounds; and the qoakfi* per ann .'or cation of a captain shall be a like estate as afbrefaid, of tbe yearly fon^ eftate. va^ue of one hundred and fifty pounds, in manors, mefluages* lands, tenements or hereditaments, or peribnal estate alooe, to the lieutenant or amount or value pf two thousand five hundred pounds ; and the enfign 5ol. or qualification oft a lieutenant or enfign shall be a like estate as a-ijtf- perfonal forefaid,. of the yearly value of fifty pounds, in manors, mefTu-*“***'. ages, lands, tenements or hereditaments, or perfonal estate alone, to the amount or value of feven hundred and fifty pounds) one half of all which real eftates refjpedfively shall be fituate or anting within fuch city or town, or within the county at largo to which fitch city or town is by this a <51 united for tbe purpotes Penalties for aforefaid; and in all Juch cities and towns, the penalties for aftine it not a<5ting not being duly qualified, or not having delivered in fuch qualified, Sic. qualification, or not having taken the oaths, and made, repeated and (ubferibed the declaration afocefaid, shall be, for a do-for a deputy ^ pUty lieutenant or field officer, one hundred pounds; and for a field officer** c*pt*™» heutenaat or enfign, .fifty pounds ; fuch several penalties

 L,ooQle'

*757*1 Ann^ t&efimo GtK)RGii II. c. 25.	if5

ties: to be recovered by a&ibn of debt, bill, plaint or informa- tool, for all don, in any of his Majesty’s coarts of record at JVeftminfiery un<*cr 5°l« wherein noefloin, wager of law, or protection, or more than owe imparlance shall be allowed; one moiety whereof shall go to the ufe of the person who shall fue for the lame, and the other moiety to the ufes herein after dire&ed; and his Majesty’s lieu- Lieutenants tenants, and the chief maeiftrates of fuch cities or towns, being a™f c^,eJ ma* counties in themfeives respectively, (hall, and they are hereby required to put the powers conferred by this a<ft, for railing and within the laid training the militia within fuch cities or towns, into execudon; cities and but the militia of fuch cities and towns as aforefaid, being by tPvrnsJ. this a& declared to be part of the militia of the counties to t0Cj^n thatof which fuch cities and towns are united for the purposes afore- the coanty at1 faid, the militia of fuch cities or towns shall annually join the the general «-militia of the county to which fuch cities or towns are fo united *rc“c *nWto-for the purposes aforefaid, and the whole militia fo joined toge- funwcc*-ther, shall be exercifed together at the general annual exercife in IVbitfun week, and shall then, and alfo in time of actual fervice, be deemed the militia of the county to which fuch cities or towns are fo united for the purposes aforefaid.

LVI. And be it enabled. That all fines, penalties and forfei- Recovery of tures by this a£t impofed, the manner or recovery whereof is not penalties not in this a£t particularly provided for, Aall on proof upon oath of	pro*

the offence before any justice of the peace of the county, riding ™cd , or place where the offence shall be committed, be levied by di-ftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch juftice, rendering the overplus (if any) on demand, after deducting the charges of fuch diftrefs and (ale, to the offender upon whom fuch diftrefs shall have been made; and where the goods and chattels of fuch offender shall not be fufficicnt to anfwer fuch diftrefs, fuch justice is hereby required to commit fuch offender to the common gaol of the county, riding or place where the offence shall have been committed, for any time not exceeding three months: and all fines, penalties and forfeitures by this a A impofed, the application n^ths^of*" whereof is not otherwife particularly provided for, shall be paid ^rwifepro^ to the clerk of the regiment or battalion, and (haU be made a vided for, to common ftock in each fubdivifion wherein tjie feme shall fo be paid to the arife; and the (aid clerk shall give a particular account thereof, c!crk as it shall arife, to any three deputy lieutenants, or to any two ^TdeVcom-deputy lieutenants, together with any one justice of the peace, or mon dock, * to any one deputy lieutenant, together with any two juftices of the peace at their next meeting within the several fubdivifions; and the faid deputy lieutenants, or any three of them, or any two and to be an-deputy lieutenants, together with any one justice of the peace, or plied in erect-anyone deputy lieutenant, together with any two juftices	^

the peace, shall caufe butts to be ereCted in fome convenient ^dcJ.Dfn<| place or places, and shall direCt the clerk of the regiment or b*\\, battalion to buy and provide, with fome part of the money fo arifing, a proper quantity of gunpowder ahd ball, to be ufed at proper times by the militife men in (hooting at marks, and to

ap-



\s£

and. in priei to the bell markimen.

Perlons committed to tbe boufe of cor-region to be kept to hard labour.

Proof of qualification, in all fuits, is to be on the defendant.

&c. not removeable by certiorari,

. Anno tricesimo Geo&gii II. c. 25.	[1757.'

apply and difpofe of fuch,other part of tbe money aforefaid.es (hey shall think reafonable, in fome prize or prizes to be given to uich militia manor men as .(hall, by the commanding officer then prefenr* be adjudged to be the beft markfman or markftnen, and to apply the reftdue thereof to other contingencies rclatiog to the militia within fuch fubdivifion ; and that inall cafes when any person shall be committed to thehoufe of correction by virtue of this aft, he shall during the tiipe of fuch commitment, be kept to hard labour in fuch houfe of correction.

LVIL And be it enafted, That in every aftron, fuitor inform mation, brought againft any person for afting as a deputy lieutenant, colonel, lieutenant colonel, major, captain, lieutenant or enfign, not being qualified as herein before is directed, the proof v of this qualification shall lie upon fuch person againft whom the fame is brought.

Orders of the LVIII. Provided also, and be it enafted, That no order made lieutenants, by any 0f his Majefty's lieutenants, or by any one or more deputy lieutenants, or by any two deputy lieutenants; together with any one justice of the peace, or by any one deputy lieutenant^ together with any two juftices of tbe peace, or by any justice or *<	juftices	of the peace, by virtue of this aft, shall be removed by

eerticrari out of the county, riding, divifion, place, city or town wherein fuch order was made, into any court; and that .no writ 1^^bcCfuU^r>n, or wr*ts certiorari shall fuperfede execution or other proceed-fedccf thereby, wgS tip°n any fuch order fo made in purfuance of this aft, but shat execution and other proceedings shall and may be had and made thereupon; any fuch writ or writs, or allowance thereof notwithftanding.

Provifion	LIX.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That where any

where a pari(h parifti shall lje in more counties or ridings than one, the inha-* bitants of fuch parifti shall ferve in the militia of that county or riding wherein the church belonging to fuch parish is (ituated. Inhabitants of LX. Provided always, and be it enafted. That the inhabitants Wokingham .of the town and parifti of Wokingham shall ferve in, and be *raine<l trained and exercifed with the militia of the county of Berks* > tia of Berks;1 LX1. Provided always, and be it enafted. That the inhabi-of Filey, to ’ tants of the townftiip of Filey, shall ferve in the militia of the lerve in the eaft riding of the county of York; any thing herein contained to riding of the contrary notwithftanding. ofThreap- LXII. Provided always, and be it enafted. That the inhabi-wood* in Flint, tants of Threapwood shall ferve in the militia of the county of and to be ex- .Flint* and shall be trained and exercifed with the militia of the crcifed with parifti of Worthenbury within thefaid county, thenbury; and LXIil. Provided always, and be it enafted, Ths*t the inhs*-of faint Mar- bitants of and in the parish of faint Martin, called Stamford tin, Stamford Baron in the fuburbsof the borough and town of Stamfordy on Baron, &c. to the fouth fide of the waters there called Welland, shall ferve in the of IJncobi?1	of county of Lincoln.	,	.

Thetinnersin LXIV. Provided always, and be it enafted. That nothing Devon and ,in this aft contained Jhall extend to the tinners in the counties* Cornwall to be Qf D^cn and Cornwall, but the lord warden of the ftannaries for

the

lies'in two counties





1757*1 AnnO tricilimo GbOROI! II; c. *5*	r*57

thetm)4 bfeing, in purfuance of his Majesty’s comehiffioriih tint omto- tord ' behalf,andfuchashefoallcommiffioiuteand*Qthorizeunderhi(n,	th

may and shall have and ufe the like powers, and array, aflefs, arid, mofter and exercife the (aid tinners within the faid counties, and .either of them, as hath been heretofore ufed, and according to the ancient privileges and customs of the faid ftannaries.

LXV*. Provided always, and be it enabled, That his Majesty’s Lieutenants lieutenants .who are or mall be commidioned for the miKlia of |?„r	t0

the city of London, may and shall continue to lift and levy the ,rajn"d bands trained bands and auxiliaries of the faid city in manner as as heretofore, heretofore.

LX VI. Provided also, and be it enafled, That whereas the militia of the Tower divifion in the county ^Middlelex, commonly known by the name of the Tower Hamlets,	is and always have been tender the

command of his Majefly's	tonflableofthe Tower, or lieutenant of the

Tower Hamlets,	for the fervite and prefervation of that royal fort;

it shall be .’awful for his Majefly’s faid conftableor lieutenant for Militia of the fhc time being, from time to time to appoint his deputy lieute*- Tower Ham-Giants, and to give commiffibris to a proper number of officers,	thea>nftau

to train and difcipline the militia to be raifed within and for the biTof the tow-faid divifion or hamlets, purfuant to this a&; and to form the er, who it to fame into two regiments of feven companies each, in fueh man- appoint hisde-ner as the faid constable or lieutenant hath ufed to do; and to P^,11^*’ appoint a ferjeant major, a drum major, and a clerk, for the faid nan s*

^militia ; and alfo that for defraying the neceflary charge of rro-phics and other incident expences of the militia of the fame divifion or hamlets, it shall be lawful for his Majesty’s faid constable or lieutenant, to continue to raise in every year, the proportion of a fourth part of one month's aflfeflment of trophy money within the faid divifion or hamlets, in fuch manner as he hath ufed to do by virtue and in purfuance of an a& of the thir-teenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the fife-* 3*,*,Car,1# cond, intituled, An afl for ordering the forces in the several counties this kingdom \ any thing in this a<ft contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

LA VII. And be it further enabled, That his Majesty’s faid and ta appoint constable of the Tower, or lieutenant of the Tower Hamlets, (halla tr<afiir«r of appoint a treasurer of the faid trophy money, for receiving and money, paying fuch monies as shall be levied by virtue thereof, which laid treasurer shall yearly account in writing, and upon oath for the fame, to the faid lieutenant, or his deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them, which oath they shall have power to adminifter ; and which accounts for the fame shall be certified to the iuftices of the peace for the faid divifion at their next -general or quarter feflions; and that the faid lieutenant shall not Wftte warrants for rjaifing any trophy money, until the jufticcsof the peace, or the major part of them at fuch feflions, shall have examined, ftated and allowed the accounts of the trophy money Taifcd, levied and collected for thp preceding year, and certified the fameunderthe hands and fealsof four or mfore fuch juftices.



 L,ooQle

ig/g	Anno tricesimo Gborgii If. O. 25.	* [*757.

unlefrln cafe where it shall appear to fuch judtees, that by rcafon of the death of fudi treafarer, or otherwise fuch accounts cannot be parted.

Powers grant- LXVIII. Provided always, *nd be itenadfeed, That the loni ed by former warden of the cinque ports, two ancient towns, and their mem-■* to ahC f kers* an<* m *bfencc Ws lieutenant or lieutenants, may and the cinque11 °*	Put execution within the feid ports, towns and members,

Eorts, and his all the powersand authorities given and granted byany formers^ eutenants, or adls; and may and shall execute and perform all and every the tdervedi things therein contained, in like manner as his Majefty*s reflective lieutenants of counties and their deputy lieutenants maydo; and may keep up and continue the ufual number of foldiers in the (aid ports, towns and members, unlefs he or they find caufe and the militia to leflen the fame; and the militia of the (aid ports, towns and of the faid members, shall remain feparate from the militia of the several jport* to re- counties within which the faid ports, towns and members are from thaTofC ®tuatc» any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-the county. (landing.	'

Perfbn d ‘ LXIX. Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That nothing aluty in tbe^ m t*1*8 contained shall extend, or be continued to extend, to King's docks fubjedl any persons mudered, trained and doing duty in any exempted. of his Majesty’s docks for the defence thereof, to the (ervice in the militia; any thing herein contained to the contrary not-withdanding.

Repeal of all LXX. And be it enadled, That all former adls relating to the former aft* for railing of the militia within that part of Great Britain called militia ^	and the dominion of JVala^ lhall from and after tbs

1	firft day of May one thousand feven hundred and fifty (even, be

repealed, except in fuch cafes as are herein fpecially diredted to be fubjedl to the provifions of the faid former adls, or any of them. Oti death of a LXXI. Provided always, and be it enadled. That on the deoultv^to ^C3t^ any h’is Majesty’s lieutenants, his deputy lieutenants Jam* new continue to adl and exercife all the authorities by this aft one is appoint- committed to them, until his Majeftyfhall have appointed ano-ed.	ther lieutenant, and until commifiions of deputy lieutenancy

(hall be by him iflued.

LXXII. Provided always, and be it enadled. That if any fuit or fuits shall be brought or commenced againft any peribn or persons for any thing done in purfirance of this adl, the adlion shall be laid in the county where fuch adlion did arife, and not dfewhere > and the defendant or defendants in fuch adlion or adlions to be brought, may plead the general iffue, and give this adl and the fpecial matter in evidence ; and if the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants in fuch adlion or adlions, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonfuited, or drfeontinue his or their adlion or adlions, after the defendant or defendants ftiall Treblecofti. have appeared ; or if upon demurrer, judgment shall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have treble cods, and have the like remedy for the fame as ^oy defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes to recover cods by law.

LXXIII. Pro-

Limitation of adlfcms.

General iffue.



.1757*1 Anno trlccfimo Gboroii If. C; t€.'	*59

LXXIIL Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority Aft to be in aforelaid. That this aft shall continue and be in fatue for the y^/or fi*c fpace of five years, and from thence to the end of the then neat7 session of parliament, and no longer.	-

CAP. XXVI.

An a El for granting. to his Majejly certain fums of money out of the finking fund ^ and applying certain monies remain~ ing in the exchequer, and the favings out if the memos granted in this session ef parliament for the pay of the troops of Hanover, for the feruice cf the year one tkouf-and fevtn hundred and fifty feven •, and for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this session of parliament *, and for relief,of Claud Johnfon, with refpeEt to a bond entered into by him, for fecuring the duties on ubaup imported by George Buchanan and William Hamilton.

TT^TE your Majejly*s mojl dutiful and loyal fubjefls the commons tf V V Great Britain in parliament a]Jembled> being deftrous to raije the refidue of the necessary fupplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majejly in this session of parliament, by ways and means the leaf burthenfome to your MajeflfsfubjeflSy have refolved to give and grant to your Majejly the fums herein after mentioned$ and do therefore mojl humbly bejeech your Majefly% that it may be enabled; and be it enafted by tne King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and Commons in this present parliament aflembled, and by the author rity of the fame. That by or out of fuch monies as have arifen. Towards tbe or shall or may .arife, and be and remain in the receipt of the fupplies in go* exchequer, of the furplufles, exceffes, overplus monies, and other "cra|» revenues compofing the fund, commonly called the Sinking Fund 5^** (after paying or referving fufficient to pay, all fuch fums of,757# money as have been direfted by any former aft or afts of parliament to be paid out of the fame) there shall and may be ifliied and applied a fum, not exceeding three hundred thousand pounds,	. .

for and towards the fnpply granted to his Majesty for the (ervice btlffued^ out of the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven; and the the finking commiflioners of his Majesty’s treasury or any three or more of fond, them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of th^ commifiioners of the treasury for the time being, are hereby authorized and impowered to ifTue and apply the fame accordingly,

II. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That 50,491!. 17s. the sum of fifty thousand four hundred ninety one pounds feven- 8d.*j. furplus teea (hillings and eight pence halfpenny, remaining in the receipt gaming in^ of tfte exchequer, difpofeable by parliament for the publick fer- of^the faid* ,*. vice, of the income of the furpluues, exceffes, overplus monies, fund on 5 A-and other revenues compofing the faid fund commonly called pril 1757. the Sinking Fund% for the quarter ended the fifth day of April

one





> It.

849,50*1,

3d. 20. as the lame Shall a -rile into the

16,1901. 5s. 3d. l'urplus remaining in

t£o	Anno	tricefimo	Geor&iI	II. c. 2 6.	[1757.

otic thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, shall and may be in like manner iflued and applied at the faid receipt for and .towards the faid fupply.

III.	And be it further .ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That by or out of fuch monies as shall thereafter from time to time be and remain in.’the receipt of fhe exchequer, of the fur-plufles, exceffes, overplus monies, and other revenues compofing

^ the faid fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, after paying 6r toad. " referring fufficient to pay all fuch fums of money as have been.

directed by any former aft or a6ts of parliament to be paid out of the fame, there shall and may in like manner be iflued and applied a farther futn not exceeding eight hundred forty oine thousand five hundred eight pounds two (hillings and three pence half penny, for and towards the faid fupply.

IV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That the sum of fixteen thousand one hundred arid ninety pounds five (hillings and three pence remaining“ in the receipt

the exchequer Qf the exchequer, on the tenth day of ORober one thousand feven on^nce^fof hundred an^ hfty fix, of the furplus of the duties on licences for retailing fpi- retailing fpirituous liquors; and alfo the sum of one hundred rituous li- forty thousand five hundred sixty eight pounds five (hillings and quora.	two pence half penny remaining in the receipt of the exchequer,

ad0,*a over- ^*nS Overplus 0f the grants for the fervice of the year one plus remaining thousand feven hundred and fifty fix; and alfo the sum of nine-in the exche- teen thousand four hundred and fixteen pounds fourteen (hillings quer of the and nine pence half penny, being the favings out of the monies grants fon756. g^^ted in this session of parliament, for the pay of the troops od*Vd favings	HQnovervCi l^e pay of Great Britain,	(hall and maybe in like

in the payot wanner iflued and applied at the faid receipt for and towards Hie troops of the faid fupply.

Hanover. V. And whereas it may fo happen that there may be a want of On want of money for carrying on the current fervice of the year one thousand feven money to pay hundred and fifty feven ^ before monies fufficient may have arifen into the sum of the exchequer from the faid furpluffes, exceffes or overplus monies 3d? a5d. trea- commonh ca^ The Sinking Fund, tofatisfy and pay the faid fum of fury may take **ght hundred forty nine thousand five hundred and eight pounds two in loans on the JhiUings and three pence half penny by this aft granted; in fuch cafe, credit of the ft shall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiflioriers or compleat the^0 ^*s Majpfty’s treasury, or any three or more of them now being, laid fum; or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commif-fioners of the treasury for the time being, by warrant or warrants junder his or their hands, to permit and fufrerany person or persons, or body or bodies politic or corporate, to advance and lend unto his Majesty, at the receipt of his exchequer, fo much money as, together with the monies then remaining in the faid exchequer, of the faid furpluffes, excefles or overplus monies, shall be wanting to compleat the faid fum of eight hundred forty nine thousand five hundred eight pounds two (hillings and three pence half penny, upon credit of the growing produce of the ,	faid furpluffes, cxccfles or overplus monies, and to be repaid out

of



f757*J Anno tricesimo GeoRgii II. c. 26.	16%

of the fame as they shall quarterly afterwards arife, together the fame to be with interest for the forbearance thereof, in the mean time* reP»ldqw-any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding. ter VI. Provided always, and it is hereby enaded by the autho- A rity aforefaid,, That all the monies coming into the exchequer, otPthTFuMJ2s either by loans or exchequer bills, upon one ad of this in general, feflion of parliament, intituled. An act for granting an aid to his The monies Majejly by a land tax to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice jntg bycthc ef the year one thoufund feven hundred and fifty feven ; and for dif- ***** charging certain arrears of land taxes incurred before the time therein mentioned; and for the more effeftual colic fting of arrears for the fur ture; and fo much money, if any fuch be, of the tax thereby granted, as shall arife or remain after all the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made on the fame ad, and all the intereft, premium, rate and charges thereon; and the charges thereby allowaole for railing thefaid land tax, shall be fatisfied, or money fufficient shall be referved in the exchequer, to fatisfy and dif-charge the fame; and alfo all the monies coming into the exchequer, either by loans or exchequer bills, upon one other ad of parliament or this feflion of parliament, intituled, An aft Malt tax, c. 4. for continuing and granting to his Majejly certain duties upon malty mum, cyder and perry^ for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred andfifty feven\ and concerning the interest to be paid for monies to be borrowed, as well on the credit of this ad, as on the credit of an ad of this feflion of parliament, for granting an aid'to his Majesty by a land tax; and fo much money, if any fuch be, of the duties'thereby granted, as shall arife or remain after all the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made on the famead; and all theintereft, premium, rate and charges thereon; and the charges thereby allowable for raifing the faid duties,

(hall be fatisfied, or money fufficient referved in the exchequer, to fatisfy and difeharge the fame; and alfo all the monies coming into the exchequer, byxrontributions to a lottery, granted by one, other ad of this feflion of parliament, intituled. An act for granting to bis Majejly a fum not exceeding one million fifty thousand five pounds and five fallings, to be raifed by way of lottery; and alfo ’ 5* all the monies coming into the exchequer by contributions for annuities, granted by one other ad of this feflion of parliament, intituled. An act for granting to his Majejly several rates and duties upon indentures, leafes, bonds and ether deeds; and upon newspapers, Stamp dutiei, advertifements, and almanacks; and upon licences for retailing wine;	l?'

and upon coals exported into foreign parts; and for applying, from a certain time, the fums of money arjfing from the furplus of the duties on licences for retailing fpirituous liquors; and for raifing the sum of three millions, by annuities, to be charged on the Jaid rates, duties, and fums of money; and for making perpetual an aft made in the second year of the reign of his present Majejly, intituled, An act for the better regulation of attornies and folicitors ; and for enlarging the time for filing affidavits of the execution of conlrafts of clerks to attornies and folicitors; and alfo the time for payment of the duties omitted to be paidfor the indentures and contra ft s of clerks and appren- f Vol, XXII.	M	tiersi

i6i	Anno	tricefimo Georgii II. c 26.	[*757

Million aft, ttas \ and alfo a fum not exceeding one million, granted by one c# 13'	other aft of this feflion of parliament, intituled, An act for ena-

bling bis Majefly to raise the sum of one million for the ufes and purpofestherein mentioned j and alfo the several and refpeftive fums andotherfuras	a<^	grantcd>	further	appropriated,	and are hereby

remaining in appropriated for and towards the several ufes and purposes herein the exchequer, after expreffed ; that is to fay, it is hereby enafted and declared *r'	. by the authority* aforefaid, That out of all or any the aids or

sddei^eneraf ^uPP^es provided as aforefaid, there shall and may be iffued and 3»**3*939l- 7s.* aPPlied> :my fum or fums of money, not exceeding three millions 7d. towards two hundred eighty three thousand nine hundred thirty nine naval fervices, pounds feven (hillings and feven pence, for and towards the herein fpeci- jlavaj fervices herein after particularly expreffed; that is to fay, for or towards viftuals, wages, wear and tear of the navy, and the victualling thereof, performed and to be performed ; and for or towards fea fervices, in the office of ordnance, performed and to be performed ; and for and towards defraying the ordinary Of his Majesty’s navy; and for half pay to fea officers; and for or towards maintaining eleven thousand four hundred and nineteen marines; and for or towards the buildings, re-buildings, and repairs, of his Majesty’s (hips, for the faid year.

100 oool to- VII. And it is hereby alfo enafted by the authority aforefaid, wards paying That out of all or any of the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there shall off the navy and may be iffued and applied any fum or fums of money, not debt.	exceeding	two	hundred thousand pounds, towards paying off and

difeharging the debt of the navy.

VIIL And it is hereby alfo enafted by the authority aforefaid, the°hof ita^ That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there shall near Plymouth.an^ may iffued and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding ten thousand pounds, for or towards purchasing of land near Plymouth, and carrying on the works of an hofpital intended to be erefted thereon, for the reception of fick and wounded men belonging to his Majesty’s fleet, so,oool. to- IX. And it is hereby enafted by the authority aforefaid. That wards the fup- out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there shall and may 9r-?Cin“ iffued and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding ten thousand pounds, upon account, towards the fupport of the royal hofpital at Greenwich, for the better maintenance of the feamen of the faid hofpital, worn out and become decrepit in the fervice of their country.

X. And it is hereby alfo enafted by the authority aforefaid. That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there shall and may be iffued ana applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding four hundred thirty feven thousand fix hundred twenty pounds eight (hiliings and nine pence, for the charge of the office of ordnance for land fervice for the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, performed and to be performed, and for defraying the extraordinary expence of the office of ordnance for land fervice, for the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty fix, not provided for by parliament.

XI.	An4

I UV^lUl.

437>6*ol. Ss. 9<i. towards the office of ordnance for land fervice.



1757*1	Ann6 tricesimo Georgii II. c. 26.

163

Xf. And it is hereby alfo enacted by the authority aforefaid,

That out of all or any the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, ^dMheVand there shall and may be iflued and applied any fum or fums of forces ia gene-money, not exceeding two millions five hundred fixteen thousand ral ; one hundred eighteen pounds eleven (hillings and a half penny, for and towards maintaining his Majesty’s land forces, and other fcrvices herein after more particular exprefled ; that is to fay.

Any fum or futns of money, not exceeding one million two of which hundred thirteen thousand feven hundred forty fix pounds three 7or+uanf" (hillings and nine pence, for defraying the charge of forty nineanj gamfont, thousand feven hundred and forty nine effective men, including See in Great# commiffion and non-commiffion officers ; and alfo four thousand Britain, and eight invalids, for guards, garrifons, and other his Majesty’s Guernsey, land forces in Great Britain, Gtiernfey and Jerfey, for the year Jercy" one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven; and any fum or4,3f9$3i. fums of money, not exceeding four hundred twenty three icd. for guard* thousand nine hundred sixty three pounds fixteen (hillings and ami. garrifons, ten pence, for maintaining his Majesty’s forces and garrifons in fat’ion3 Gib-~ the plantations, and Gibraltar, and for provifions for the garrifons raitar, Nova" in Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, and Providence, for the Scotia, New-year one thoufind feven hundred and fifty feven; and any fum foiindlandand or fums of money, not exceeding forty feven thousand sixty Prov,dcncc# pounds fifteen (hillings and ten pence, for the pay of the general *0° fo/the and general ftaff officers, and officers of the hofpitals for his ftaff officers Majesty’s land forces, for the year one thousand feven hundred and officer* of and fifty feven ; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding hospitals °f hi* thirty thousand pounds, upon account, for out-penfioners	and

Cbelfea hofpital, for the year one thousand feven hundred and 00*j ^or fifty feven; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding the out penfi-forty fix thousand twenty two pounds and five shillings, for oners of Chel-defraying the charge of two highland battalions of foot, raifed feahofpitaJ. or to be raifed for his Majesty’s fervice, for theyear one thousand (even hundred and fifty feven; and any fum or fums of money, taihomotfoot" not exceeding two thousand three hundred and fifty pounds, for 2 q] ^ thJ paying of penfions to the widows of fuch reduced officers of his pernios of of-Majefty’s land forces and marines, as died upon theeftablifhment fleers widows, of half pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them be- before the twenty fifth day of December one thousand feven hundred and fixteen, for the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven; which faid fum of two thousand three hundred and fifty to be iflued by pounds shall be iffued to fuch person or persons as his Majesty u»der fliall by warrant or warrants under his royal fign manual direct firn miniiaU and appoint to receive the fame, to be by him or them paid over S to fuch widows of half pay officers, or their afligns, according to fuch eftablifhments, lifts or other directions, and with and fobject to fuch conditions, qualifications, and other allowances for the fame, as his Majesty by fuch and the like warrant or warrants shall be gracioufly pleafed to direct and appoint; and 3 3lfl* »6s.jd. any fum or fums of money, not exceeding three thousand three Lnd^nflcmen hundred twenty one pounds fixteen (hillings and three pence, ofhofSTguardli

M 2

for &c. reduced.

 

164	Anno	tricefimo	Georgii	H.	C.	26:	[1757;

for defraying the charge for allowances to the several officers and private gentlemen of the two troops of horfe guards, and regiment of horfe reduced, and to the fuperannuated gentlemen of tnefout troops of horfe guards, for the year one thousand feveh hundred 1 t th anc* fiftyfcvcnS an^ any ^um or ^ums money, not exceeding reduced offi- ° thirty three thousand pounds, upon account, for the reduced cen of the	officers of his Majesty’s land forces and marines, for the year

land forces	one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven; and any fum or

and marines. fams 0f money, not exceeding five hundred feventeen pounds C17I. is. sd. to one (hilling and eight pence, for defraying the^charge of half f tf t0 ccrta,n	officers of the late earrifon at Minorca, videlicet,

UteCgL-rifonC To the fecretaries to the governor of the ifland of Minorca, the at Minorca. . captain of the ports there, the lieutenant governor of fort faint Philip, and the furgeon of the garrifon of fort faint Philip, for the ts. year one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven j and amr fam 6d. for troops or fums of money, not exceeding forty eight thousand nine if . hundred twenty fix pounds two millings and fix pence, for ca^and tte” Ae^mng the charge of four regiments of foot, on the Irifh Eaft indies, eftablilhment ferving in North America and the Eajl Indies, and augmenting major general OffarrelFs regiment of foot, for the year one thousand feven hundred and finy feven; and any fum sn,57oh 19s.or foms money, not exceeding one hundred eleven thousand 7«r. aa. for ex- five hundred feventy pounds nineteen (hillings and feven pence traorainary half penny, for defraying the extraordinary expences of his cxpences of Majesty’s land forces, and other fervices, incurred in the year and odrerfer- onc thousand feven hundred and fifty fix, and not provided for vices in 1756. by parliament; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding c7.963l.7s. id. fifty feven thousand nine hundred sixty three pounds feven for troops hir- (hillings and one penny, for defraying the charge of fix thousand ed from the five hundred and forty four foot, with the general and ftaff Hefle Caffe!, officers, and train of artillery, the troops of the landgrave of Hejfe Cajfel, in the pay of Great Britain, from the twenty fifth day of December one thousand feven hundred and fifty fix, to the twenty feventh day of May one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, both inclufive; and any fum or fums of money, 155 S4.01.1 os. not cxccct^mg one hundred fifty five thousand eight hundred for German forty pounds and ten shillings, towards defraying the charge of pay to the German pay, for fix thousand fix hundred foot, with the general troops of Hefle arKj fiaff officers, and train of artillery, the troops of the land* Caficl. grave of Hejfe Cajfel, in the pay of Great Britain, from the twenty eighth day of May to the twenty fourth day of December one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, both inclufive; towards defraying the charge of German pay, for one thousand and four hundred horfe, with the officers of the hofpital, the troops of the faid landgrave in the pay of Great Britain, from the twenty feventh day of April to the twenty fourth day Of December one thousand fetfen hundred and fifty feven, both indafive; towards defraying the charge of German pay for three thousand three hundred foot, with the general and ftaff officers and train of artillery, the troops of the faid landgrave, in the pay of Grtot

Eri-





*757'] Anno tticdimo Georgii II. c. 26.	165

Britain, from the twenty second day of April to the twenty fourth day of December one tnoufand feven hundred and fifty feven, both inclufive; for defraying the charge of German pay for (even hundred horfe, the troops of the faid landgrave of Heffi Cajfel, in the pay of Great Britain, from the twenty third day of Augu/l to the twenty fourth day of December one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, both inclufive; for defraying the charge of remount and levy money for feven hundred horfe, and three thousand three hundred foot, the troops of the faid landgrave in the pay of Great Britain9 purfuant to treaty; and for defraying the charge of the remaining moiety of remount money for one thousand four hundred hone purfuant to treaty, payable the twenty feventji day of April one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, the fuppofed day when the cavalry took the field; and any fum or ^ fums of ononey? not exceeding llxty thousand feven hundred ^landgrave* Sixty fix pounds one (hilling, to enable his Majesty to make good of HeffcCaflcI, his engagements with the landgrave of Hejfe Cqjjel, purfuant to purfuant to treaty; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding twenty ^?aty{ fix'thoufand and feven pounds five (hilling9 and fix ,pence 6d.°*q.an*ad-half penny, for defraying the charge of an* advanced fubfidy, vanced fubfidy at the rate of one hundred and fifty thousand crowns a year, to the faid due to the landgrave of Hejfe Cajfel, purfuant to treaty, from the landgravepur-fixth day of Augujl one thoulan^Tfeven hundred and nfty fix, to uant 0 rcaty* the twenty feventh day of April one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, the day when the cavalry enters into the pay of Great Britain ; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding fifty five thouland sixty two pounds five (hillings and eleven	%

pence half penny, for defraying the charge of eight thousand fix r 5'* Hundred and five foot, with the general and ftaff officers, the troops hired train of artillery, and officers of the hofpital, the troops of from Hanover. Hanover, in the pay of Great Britain, from the twenty fifth day of December one thousand feven hundred and fifty fix, to the twenty fixth day of March one thousand feven hunared and fifty feven, both inclufive; and of five thousand feven hundred and twenty fix foot, with the general and ftaff officers, the train of artillery, and officers of the hofpital, the troops of Hanover, in	,

the pay of Great Britain, from the twenty fifth day of February one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, to the twenty fixth day of March following, both inclufive; and for defraying the expences of the inarch in Germany of the faid troops, both at their coming here, and their return back; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding two hundred thousand pounds, to aflift wvdfformtng his Majesty in forming and maintaining, during the prefentyear, an army 0f * an army of obfervation for the juft and neceflary defence and observation in

Erefervation of his Majesty’s electoral dominions, and thofe of Germany,- &c, is allies, and towards enabling his Majeftv to fulfil his engage* ments with the king of PruJJia, for the (ecurity of the empire againft the irruption of foreign armies; and for the fupport of the common caufe.

XII.	And it islierebyalfo enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That out of all or any the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid,

M 3	there



l6f	Anno	tricefimo	Georgii	II.	c*	26.	[1757*

7oo,oool. to there shall and may be UTued and applied, any (cm or fums of

defray the like money not exceeding feven hundred thousand pounds, to enable

borrowed . .	n________________r.J_____c „

fum on a vote of credit of laft ft Hi on,

1,000,0001. upon account to defray extraordinary expences of the war.

18,7891 id

5*-

his Majesty to difeharge the like Aim raifed in purfuance of an a<5t made in the laft session of parliament, and chained upon the firft aids or fupplies to be granted in this session of parliament.

XIII.	And it is hereby alfo enadted by the authority aforefaid. That out of all or any the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there shall and may be iffiied and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding one million upon account, to enable his Majesty to defray any extraordinary expences of the war incurred, or to be incurred, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven ; and to take all fuch meafures as may be neceflary to difappoint or defeat any enterprizes or defigns of his enemies, and as the exigency of affairs may require.

XIV.	And it is hereby alfo enadted by the authority aforefaid. That out of all or any ttye aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there shall and'may be UTued and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding twenty eight thousand feven hundred

wun^XHiip-	nine	pounds five (hillings and one penny, upon account^

porting the P for fupporting and maintaining the fettlement of his Majesty’s colony of wo- colony of Nova Scotia> for the year one thousand feven hundred va Scotia; and fifty feven. an(j any fum or fams 0f m0ney not exceeding an 15,^81 . fifteen thousand three hundred eighty one pounds and four shillings, upon account, for defraying the charges incurred by fup-p'orting and maintaining the fettlement of his Majesty’s colony of Nova Scotia in the year one thoufend feven hundred and fifty five, and not provided for by parliament ; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding thrte thousand five hundred fifty feven pounds and ten shillings, upon account, for defraying the on accountfor charges of the civil eftablilhment of his Majesty’s colony of dvUeftablim*. Georgia, and other incidental expences attending the fame from the twenty fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and fifty fix, to the twenty fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding ten thousand pounds, to be employed in maintaining and fupporting the Britijh forts and fettlements, upon the coaft of Africa; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding twenty thousand pounds, upon account, to be paid to the united company of merchants of England, trading to the Eajl Indies, towards enabling them to defray the expence of a military force in their fettlements, to be maintained by them in lieu of the battalion of his Majesty’s forces, withdrawn from thofe fettlements ; and any fum or turns of money, not exceeding fifty thousand pounds, upon account, to be paid to fuch persons, and in fuch manner, and by futh proportions as his

4s charges incurred in 1755, for fup-porting the faid colony, not provided for.

3,557!. 10 s,

account to the Majesty shall direct, for the ufe and relief of his Majesty’s fub-£ro,v.™CcS °n, je&s in his several provinces of North and South Carolina^ and Virginia, in America, in recompence for fuch fervices, as with the approbation of the commander in chief of his Majesty’s forces

*1 perform,

rolina, and

Virginia, tor _g 4	_______	____

fervices perjQ America they refpe&ively shall have performed, or shall per-

be pertormed by them.



1757*3 Anno triccfimo Georoii II. c. 2	167

form, either by putting the laid provinces in a date of defence, io.oool. for or by atfing with vigour againft the enemy 5 and any fum or houfesanS fums of money not exceeding ten thousand pounds, towards grounds to the further enabling the commissioners for building a bridge crofs widen the the river Thames, from the city of Weftminfter to the oppofite jhreets, &c. ihoreinthecountyofS^rry,to purchafehoufesand grounds for the	^crofs

widening the ways, and making more fafe and commodious the t0 both^houfes ftreets, avenues and paflages, leading from Charing Crofs to the of parliament, two houfes of parliament, the courts of juftice, and JVeJlminJler Bridge; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding two Senth^pafi" thousand five hundred pounds, to enable the faid commissioners la^ frol£ to widen the ftreet or pafiage leading from Cockfpur Street to the Cockfpur pafiage in Spring Garden leading to Saint Jameses Park ; and ftreet to the any fum or fums of money not exceeding three thousand pounds; paor^ on ^ upon account, for repairing and finilhing a road proper for the count'for * pafiage of troops and carriages, from the city of Carlife to the making the town of NewcaJHe upon Tyne, whereof the sum of five hundred road f rom pounds to be paid to the commissioners and truftees adting with- Newcaftte in and for the county of Cumberland, and the sum of two thou- cw fand five hundred pounds, the refidue of the faid fum of three thousand pounds, to be paid to the commissioners and truftees a&ing within and for the county of Northumberland; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding thirty thousand pounds, loundling ™ towards enabling the governors and guardians of the hofpita! for hofpital. the maintenance and education of expofed and deferred yo^ng children, to receive all fuch children under a certain a^e to be by them limited, as shall be brought to the faid hofpital Lefore the firft day of January one thousand feven hundred and fifty eight; and alfo towards enabling them to maintain and educate fuch children as are now under their care, and to continue to carry into execution the good purposes for which they were incorporated.

XV.	And it is hereby further enaded by the authority afore- Thefeaidi to faid. That the faid aids and fupplies provided 33 aforefaid, shall be applied to not be ifilled or applied to any ufe, intent or purpofe whatfoever, no ot cr u other than the ufes and purposes before mentioned, or for the

feveral deficiencies or other payments diredled to be fatisfied	•

thereout, by any a& or a£ts, or any particular clause or claufes for that purpofe contained in any other a& or a&s of this present session of parliament.

XVI.	And as to the faid fum of thirty three thousand pounds. Rules to be by this 2& appropriated, on account of half-pay as aforefaid, obferved m it is hereby enacted and declared by the authority aforefaid, [joVof the* That the rules herein after preferibed shall be duly obferved in half-pay. the application of the laid half-pay; that is to lay. That no.

perfon shall have or receive any part of the fame, who was a minor and under the age of fixteen years, at the time when the regiment, troop or company, in which he ferved, was reduced; that no person (haH have or receive any part cf the fame, except fuch persons who did actual fervice in fome regiment, troop or company; that no person having any other place or employment

M 4	of

 

*6$	Anno	trictfrno Gjeoagji II. C. ;	[	1^5^

*	of prpfit, civil or military, under bid Majestyf Aiall haveorir

ceive any part of the faid half-pay ; that no chaplain qf any garrifon or regiment, who . has any , ecplefiaftical benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, shall have or, receiver any part of the faid half-pay; that no person shall have or receive any part the fame, who has refigned his commiflion, ana has had no commiflion fince; that no part of the fame (hall, be allowed to any person by virtue of any warrant or appointment, except to fuch persons a$ would have been otherwife intitled to,the Cmaae as reduced officers; and that no part of the fame shall be allowed, to any of the officers of the five regiments of dragoons and eight regiments of foot, lately diibanded in Ireland, except to fuch as were lately taken off the eftahlithment of half-pay in Great Britain♦

. .	XVH. And whereas by an a St of parliament made and pafled

Sgf-* in the twenty ninth year of his Majesty’s reign, intituled. An s. c. *9?f. to* for tabling hit Majejly. to raise one million, for the purpofe therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feflion of parliament, the fevcral fupplies which had been granted to his Maicfty, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to the several ufes and purposes therein expreffed; mongft which any fum or Turns of money not exceeding thirty eight thousand pounds, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced officers of his Majesty’s land forces and marines^ fubjed neverthelefs to fuch rules to beobferved in the application of the faid half-pay, as in and by the aforefaid ad were prefcribed m that behalf: now it is hereby provided, enaded and declared, by the authority aforefaid. That (o much of the faid fum of -Application of thirty eight thousand pounds, as is, or shall be, more than fuf-the f*v»ng* ficient to fatisfy the faid reduced officers, according to the rules of 38 lir	by	the	faid ad, to be obferved in the application there-

granted the of, or any part of fuch overplus, shall and may be.dUpofed of tail session to- to fuch officers who were maimed or loft their limbs, in the late wards half-	wars, or fuch others as by reafon of then long fervice or other-

P»y*	wife, his Majesty fliall judge to be proper objeds of charity, or

to the widows or children of fuch officers, according to fuch warrant or warrants under bis Majesty’s royal fign manual, as shall be figned in that behalf; any thing in this ad* or the faid former ad, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVIII. And whereas Claud Johnfon ^Condon, merchant, did en or about the twenty eighth day of September one. thousand feyen hundred and fifty one, at the fpeciol infiance and requefi of George Buchanan and William Hamilton, become bound for them in a bondy conditioned for the payment of five thousand fix hundred and /even pounds twelve /hillings and nine pence halfpenny , or thereabouts* being the duties of two hundred and fifty thousand pounds weight of tobacco imported by the faid George Buchanan and .William Hamilton $ and the faid George Buchanan and William Hamilton* as an indemnification to him, againji the faid bondy did, on or about m the fixth day of February one thousand /even hundred and fifty two% (iffign to Sim two hundred hogsheads of tobacco, the marks and num '	bers

 

Ariite<ficfciiiWo Gt6llGii II. c. i6.

burs ef vtMth wf&e ffikxfiidon the back of ftuh ajfignment; and the /aid two hmdred hogsheads of tobacco tv ere ^ foon after the date of the foii alignment, conveyed away by the faid George Buchanan and WiMiatn Hamilton, and fold and exported by them as their pro-party; ant they did afterwords replace ninety nine hogsheads of tobaccot with different marks and numbers, as part of the faid two hundred z and whereas'the faid George Buchanan and Wiilliara Hamilton, did) on or about the twenty fir ft day of April one tboufand feven hundred and fifty two* djfign forty two hogsheads of tobacco to the faid Claud Jonnfon, as a further indemnification to him dgainjl the find bondy tie marks and numbers of which hogsheads were aljo fpe-tified upon tie hack of Juch loft alignment: and whereas, on or about the twenty ftvtnth day of' April one tboufand feven hundred and fifty two, an extent was i/fuea at the fuit of the crown againft the effects of the /hid George Buchanan and William Hamilton, for duties on to-hacco imported by them; and an inquifition being taken on or about the thirtieth day of April one tboufand feven hundred and fifty two* one hundred and thirty five hogsheads of tobacco were feized as the property of the faid George Buchanan and William Hamilton; forty two hogsheads of which were the tobacco lafi affigned to the fail Claud Johnfon, and the remaining ninety three were part of the faid hinety nine hogsheads replaced as afore faid) the other fix hogfi beads being fiifed by the warehoufe-keeper for rent; and the Jaid George Buchanan and William Hamilton foon after becoming bankrupts, the faid Claud Johnfon entered his claim to the faid one hundred and thirty five hogsheads in the court of exchequer; and* upon a trial in the year one tboufand feven hundred and fifty ewO) a verdifl was found for bis Majefiy, as to the faid ninety three hogsheads, becaufe the marks and numbers thereof did not correfpond with the marks and numbers indorfed on the Jaid firjl ajjignmcntf and for the claimant) as to the fendforty two hogsheads: and whereas the commijfioners of the cuftomsy in confAeration of the payment of a certain fum by the ajfigntes of the faid bankruptcy* as a fatisfaction for the monies due from the faid bankrupts to toe crowny allowed the /aid affignees all the effefts feifed upon the faid inquifition; but the faid bond was not included in fuch agreement* the fame not being then due: and whereas the faid Claud Johnfon has paid three tboufand one hundred feventy three pounds and feven pence, or there-aboutsy in part of the faid five tboufand fix hundred feven pounds* twelve JhHHngs and nine pence halfpenny, and the faid ninety three hogsheads ef tobacco were fold for the sum of two tboufand fix hundred fifty five pounds eight /billings and eight pence Z and whereas. there is great reafon to believe that if the faid George Buchanan and \ William- Hamilton had continued in credit, no part of the faid bond would have been paid in money* but have been difeharged by debentures taken out upon the exportation of tobacco y and as the Jaid nine- , ty thkee hogsheads were part of the efife bis which were allowed by the commifjmors of his Maftfiy's cufloms to the faid affignees* in confederation of a certain fum to be paid by them* whereby the revenue-received an advantage, and the faid Claud Johnfon fuftained a lofs more than adequate to the principal money now due upon the faid bond;

169

be



170	Anno	tricefimo Georgii II. C. 27.	1*7571

Treafury to be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid, That it shall Claud lohnfon **,a*5?1 for the high treafurer, or any three or more of the from payment commissioners of his Majefty's treasury for the time being, and of the penal- he or they is and are hereby authorized and impowered to exo-ty and money nerate, acquit and difeharge the faid Claud Joknfon of and from condmoned tjlc pCnajty mentioned in, and the payment of, any fum or fums his bond of y moncy conditioned to be paid by the faid bond, dated on or *8 Sept. 1751, about the (aid twenty eighth day of September one thousand feven for duties bn hundred and fifty one, and all interest due thereupon; and to tobacco. difeharge and vacate the (aid bond, in fuch manner as to him or them shall feem expedient; any adt or adts of parliament to the contrary notwhhftanding.

CAP. XXVII.

An act for enlarging the times for the firfi meetings of com-mifftoners or truftees for putting in execution certain aAs of this fejfion of parliament.

WHEREAS by feveralafts of thisprefent fejjionof parliament) the firjl meeting of the commissioners or trufees for putting fuch aftS) or any part or parts thereof in execution, hath been, or may be appointed or directed to be held before, or upon the day of the paffing of fuch aAs refpeflivety9 whereby several doubts and difficulties may arifewith refpeA to the due execution of the faid a As; be it therefore enadted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and tern-poral and commons in this present parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That in cafe any adt of parlia-upon or after roent hath pafied, or doth or shall pafs, at any time whitfoever the day for during this present session of parliament, upon or after the day the firft meet- fpecified in any fuch adt for the firft meeting of the commifllon-rnffhonersor crs or tru^ccs appointed to put the fame, or any partthereof in truftees to adt, execution, in each and every fuch cafe, fuch cpmmiffioners or truftees refpedtively or the fame number of fuch refpedtive commif-fioners or truftees as is or shall be, authorized to hold fuch-firft meetineon meeting, or any greater number of them, shall and may hold the 14th day their firft meeting upon the fourteenth day after the pamng of after paffing this adt, at fuch places as were refpedtively appointed in fuch this act. adts for holding the firft meetings on the days therein fpecified ;

and all fuch commissioners or truftees, or any number of them as aforefaid, being fo aflembled refpedtively on the faid fourteenth day after the paffing of this adt, shall and may proceed to the execution of fuch aas refpedtively; and then, and from time 'to time afterwards adjourn, and do and perform all fuch matters and things, and execute all the powers and authorities granted to them in the faid adts refpedtively, in the fame manner, and as fully and effedtually to all intents and purpofes, as if fuch commissioners or truftees had been aflembled, in purfuance of* and on the refpedtive days fpecified or appointed in fuch adts for holding the firft meeting of fuch commissioners or truftees; any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP.

 C^ooQle

1757*1 Anno triccfimo Georgii II. c. 28.	'171

CAP. XXVIII.

An aS to render more effectual tie several laws now in being for the amendment and prefervation of the publick highways and turnpike roads of this kingdom.

WHEREAS it hath been found that the ufe of broad Wheels does very much contribute to the improvement and prefervation of the turnpike roads of that part of Great Britain called England, and ufmg heavy carriages with narrow wheels, is very ruinous and dejlruftivc to the fame; for remedy whereof; be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame.

That during the time of feven years, to be computed from the Truftees for twenty fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and fifty turnpikes to eight, the truftees appointed or to be appointed by virtue or un- take, for 7 der the authority of any a<51 of parliament made, or to be mor^than^hle made, for making, repairing or amending, turnpike roads, or JoS** fuch person or persons as are or shall be authorized by them, gons and carts, shall and may, and they are hereby required to demand and having the take for every waggon, wain, cart or carriage, having the fellies fclllCi of their of the wheels thereof of lefs breadth or gage than nine inches b^dth thaa from fide to fide, at the leaft, at the bottom or foie thereof, or 9 inches, for the horfes or beafts of draught drawing the fame, one half more than the tolls or duties which are or shall be payable for the fame refpeilively, by any a<5l or ails of parliament made, or to be made, for making, amending or repairing turnpike roads, before any fuch waggon, wain, cart or carriage, refpec-tively, shall be permitted to pafs through any turnpike gate or gates, bar or bars, where tolls shall be payable by virtue of any of the fai Jails.

II.	Provided, That nothing in this ail shall extend, or be Carts drawn conftrued to extend, to carts or carriages drawn by one horfe, onc horfc» or two oxen, and no mord.

III.	Provided always, and be it enailed by the authority a- Carts with two forefaid. That during the time aforefaid, it shall and may be horfes, or four lawful to and for any cart or carriage drawn by two horfes, or °xc*l* and teU four oxen, and no more, having the fellies of tne wheels there- {£* To pay of of the breadth or gage of fix inches at the bottom, from fide onty xht cora-to fide, to pafs upon any turnpike road, and through any turn- mon tolls, pike gate or bar, paying the toll? or duties required to De paid by any of the faid ails refpeilively.

IV." And whereas there are in several afls of parliament, made carriage to for making, amending and repairing turnpike roads ^ exemptions al- ^om t™lT or lowed from payment of tolls, in particular cafes therein refpedlively pay letter tolls, mentioned, and liberties are allowed, in particular cafes^ to pay lejfer unlefs the fel-. tolls than are charged upon other waggons, carts ana carriages, paf He* are 9 fmg through turnpike gates or bars: and whereas it will tend to thelttchcs broad. advantage and prefervation of turnpike roads, to confine fuch txemp-

ticns%



I

Exception.

bnt the additional and ordinary tolls are to be paid.

Wa«*ons,&c. with broad wheels to pap half the toils within too mderof London |

but fuch waggons are not to pafi, unleft drawn by horfes in pairs.

Anno tripcfimo Gcoiuui II. c. zg.

tionSy liberties, privileges and advantage to carriages with wheels of the breadth or gage of nine inches ast aforefaid; be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid. That during the time afore-faid, no person (hall, by virtue of any of the faid afts of parliament, have, claim or take, the benefit or advantage of any exemption from tolls, or part of tolls, or tp pay lefler toll, for or in refpeft of any waggon, wain, cart or other carriage, or horfes drawing the fame, than other carriages of the like nature ought to pay, unlefs fuch waggon, wain, cart or carriage, have fellies of the wheels thereof of the breadth or gage of' nine inches as aforefaid ; other than and except carts and carriages drawn by one horfe or two oxen, and no more j and other than and except carts and carriages drawn by two horfes or four oxen, and no more, having the fellies of the wheels thereof of the breadth or gage of fix inches as aforefaid; but that the toil, together with the additional toll hereby enafted, for or in refpeft of every fuch waggon, wain, cart or other carriage having the fellies of the wheels thereof of lefs breadth or gage than nine inches as aforefaid; or for or in refpeft of horfes or beafts of draught drawing the fame (except as before excepted) required by the faid afts refpeftively, shall be paid in the feme manner, to all intents and purpofes, as if no exemption or lefler toll had been enabled or allowed by any of the faid afts refpeftively, and as fully as all other waggons, wains, carts and carriages and horfes drawing the fame, ought refpeftively to pay, which are not intitled to any exemption from toll in the whole or in part, or to pay a. leffer toll than other waggons, wains, carts and carriages; any law or ftatute to the contrary notwithflanding.

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That during the time aforefaid, the truftees appointed or to be appointed by virtue or under the authority or any aft of parliament made or to be made for making, repairing or amending turnpike roads, and fuch person and persons as (nail be authorized by them, fliall and may, and they are hereby required to permit and Cuffer all waggons, wains, carts and carriages having the fellies of the wheels thereof of the breadth or gage of nine inches from fide to fide at the bottom or foie thereof, and drawn according to law, to pafs. through any turnpike gate or gates, bar or bars, within one hundred miles from London, paying only fo much toll or duty as shall not exceed one half of the full toll or duty payable for fuch waggons, wains, carts and carriages refpeftively, or for the horfes or beafts of draught drawing the fame, by virtue of any aft or afts of parliament made or to be made for making, repairing or amending turnpike roads.

VI.	And whereas great damage is done to turnpike roads by waggons and wains with broad wheels drawn by horfes or beajls of draught at lengthy and not in pairs: for remedy whereof, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That during the time aforefaid it shall not be lawful for any waggon or wain, haying fellies of the wheels thereof of the breadth or gage of nine inches as aforefaid, to pafs upon any turnpike road, or through any turnpike gate or bar, unlefs the fame be drawn by horfes or beads of draught in

pairs



*757*1 Anno triccfimo Geokgii II. c. 28.	173

pairs; provided that where there is an odd horfe or beaft of and not at draught belonging to fuch waggon or wain, it shall be lawful length; for fuch odd hone or beaft of draught to draw fuch waggon or wain, together with the other horfes or beafts of draught drawing in pairs as aforefaid; provided-that fuch horfes or beafts of draught do not in the whole exceed the number of horfes or beafts of draught allowed by law.

Vu. And whereas great damage is done to turnpike roads by wag -gens and Wains with narrow wheels, drawn by horfes or beafts °fTff^ff draught in pairs, and not drawn by oxen: for remedy whereof, be noTtoptfs* it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That during the time if drawn in aforefaid It shall not be lawful for any waggon or wain, having pairs, unlefs the fellies of the wheels thereof of lefs breadth or gage than nine °y oxcn* ioches, to pafs upon any turnpike road, or through any turnpike gate' or bar, if the fame be drawn by horfes or beafts of draught in pairs, and not by oxen.

VIII: And be it enadled by the authority aforefaid. That Perfons drir-if any pdrfon or persons fhall, during the time aforefaid, drive mg prohibit* or caufe to be driven on any turnpike road any common ftage ** w*ggons, waggon, prohibited by this adl to pafs along any turnpike road, fui^u^berof or mall drive or caufe to be driven any waggon, wain, cart or horfes, carriage on any turnpike road, with any greater number of horfes ort>eafts of draught than is allowed by Taw, or in any wife contrary to the true intent and meaning of this adt, every perfoti and persons fo offending, and every mafter or owner of fuch .waggon, wain, cart or carriage fo driven, shall be deemed to be guilty of a common nufance and mifdemeanor, and shall be may ^ pu. punifhed for the fame by indidtment or information, or fhall, nifoed by in-at the dedtion of the profecutor or informer, for every fuch of- diament, or* fence, be fabjedfc and liable to fuch and the fame penalties and ^rmatten* forfeitures as the owners of the waggons and carriages, having *	'	/

the fellies qf the wheels of lefs breadth Qr gage than nine inches from fide to fide, are made fubjedt and liable to, by virtue of an aft adt made in the twenty fixth year of the reign of his present Ma- c. 30.	,

jelly, intituled. An act for the amendment and prefervation of the publish highways and turnpike roads of this kingdom; and for the more ejfeftualexecution of the hws relating thereto; to be paid and applied to fuch ufes and purpofes, and to be levied and recovered as is thereby diredted.

IX.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That No compofr. during the time aforefaid it shall not be lawful for any truftees tionfor tolls of any turnpike road, to make any compofition for toljs for or J?ay be madc 'in relpcdt of any waggon, wain, cart or carriage, or horfesor ^eefcarl beafts of draught drawing the fame (except as before excepted) riages. unleft fuch waggons, wains, carts and carriages have the tellies Exception, of the wheels thereof of the breadth or gage of nine inches as aforefaid.

X.	And whereas by an aft made in the twenty eighth year of the

reign of his present Majefty\ it is, amongft other things, enafttSQ % tLl That from and after the [aid twenty fourth day of June// shall & ft;* and may be lawful for all waggons having the fellies of the wheels repialtd. * '

thereof



m

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 28.	[1757,

thereof of the breadth or gage of fix inches from fide to fide, at the leafi, at the foie or bottom of the wheel, to pafs through all and every turnpike gate or gates, bar or bars, with fix horfes; and all carts and other carnages having the fellies thereof of the breadth or gage of fix inches from fide to fide at the leafy at the foie or bottom of the wheel, with four horfes, without paying any more toH or duty than is paid for waggons now drawn by four, and carts drawn by threr horfes, or for the horfes drawing the fame : and whereas by another clause in the loft-mentioned aft it is enafted, That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June all waggonSy wains and other four wheel carriages, not being common Jlage waggons or carriages (though the fellies of the wheels ere not of the breadth of nine inches or fix inches) may travel, pafs or be driven upon any turnpike road, with any number of horjes not exceeding five horfes or beafis of draught and if any owner or driver of any fuch waggon, wain or other four wheel carriage Jball travely pafs or drive ony fuch waggon or other four wheel carriage with more than five horfes or beafis of draught, every fuch owner fo offending Jball, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds; which faid penalty Jhall be recovered andJevied by aifirejs and foie of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant or warrants under the hands and feals of the trufiees, or any three or more of them, of fuch difirift, or any one or more jnfiice or juft ices of the peace, in or near to the place or places where the offenct Jball be committed, or by aftion of debt, bill, plaint or information in any of his Majefiy's courts of record at We ft minder; where no effoin, protection or wager of law, or more than one imparlance Jhall be allowed; and in caj'e any driver of any waggon, wain or other carriage as aforefaid, Jhall aft contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, fuch yuftice or jufiices Jhall, by warrant or warrants under his or their hands find Jeals, commit fuch driver to the houfe of correction for the fpace of one month, there to remain without bail or mainprize; be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid recited claufes in the laft-mentiorted recited a& (hall, from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and fifty eight, be repealed.

XI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. No waggons That from, and after the time aforefaid no Waggon having the with broad fellies of the wheels thereof of the breadth or gage of nine tharf18feet 6 *nc^es at bottom, shall pafs along any turnpike road, which inches may shall be wider than five feet fix inches from the middle of the pafs on turn- fellies of the wheels on one fide of fuch waggon, to the middle pike roads. of the fellies of the wheels on the other fide of fuch waggon ;

and the furveyor or furveyors, gate-keeper or gate-keepers of any turnpike road, is and are hereby authorized and required, at any turnpike or toll-gate, or at any other place upon the turnpike road, to meafure every fuch waggon from the middle of the fellies of the wheels on one fide of fuch waggons, to the middle of the fellies of the wheels on the other fide thereof; and if any mailer or driver of any waggon shall hinder or re/ufc to permit fuch furveyor or furveyors, gate-keeper or gate-keepers, to meafure fuch waggon as aforefaid, it shall be unlawful

for



I757-] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 28.	17$

for every fuch waggon, not permitted to be meafured as afore-faid, to pafs along any turnpike road.

XII.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That if L;mjUtion of any aftion or fuit shall be commenced againft any person or per- action*, fons, for any thing done or afted in purfuance of this aft, then and in every fuch cafe, fuch aftion or fuit shall be commenced or profecuted within fix calendar months next after the fadt committed, and not afterwards $ and the fame, and every fuch adtion or fuit, shall be brought in tlie county, riding or place where the person againft whom fuch adtion or fuit lhall be commenced doth ordinarily inhabit and refide, or in the county or riding where the fadt was committed, and not elfe-where; and the defendant or defendants in every fuch adtion or fuit shall and may plead the general iffue, and give this act and the fpecial matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and General ifliie. that the fame was done in purfuance of and by authority of this present act * and if the fame shall appear to have been fo done, or if any fuch adtion or fuit shall be brought after the time herein before limited for bringing the fame, or be brought or laid in any other county, riding or place than as afore-mentioned, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants j1 or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonfuited or dilcontinue his, her or their adtion, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared ; or if, upon demurrer, judgment shall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants lhall and may recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for CQ^g recovery thereof, as any defendant or defendants hath or have 1 in any other cafes by law.

XIII.	And whereas fome doubts have arifen concerning the mean- what shall be

ing of the words Common Stage Waggons, it is hereby declared, deemedacom-That every waggon, wain, cart or carriage travelling with or mon ftage carrying goods for hire, is and shall be deemed to be a common	f

ftage waggon, within the true intent and meaning of an aft made1	'%t c‘ ,7‘

in the twenty eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An alt to amend an alt in the twenty fxth year of the ,

reign of his present Majejly, intituled, An act for the amendment and prefervation of the publick highways and turnpike roads of this kingdom ; and for the more effeftual execution of the laws relating thereto.

XIV.	Whereas it is in and by an alt of the twenty eighth year of r .	_

his present Majejly among ft other things enalted and declared^ That^gG.C*Jc.i7. if any collector or receiver of the toll or duties at any gate or turn- },7/

pike, where or near to which any crane, machine or engine for weigh-	,

ing of carriages Jhall be built or erelled, Jhall permit any cart,

waggon or carriage, within the deferiptions therein mentioned, to pafs

or repafs through arty fuch gate or turnpike without weighing the

fame, Juch collelfor or receiver Jhall, upon convillion, as by the faid

all is direlitd, be liable to be committed to the houfe of correliion,

and there to be kept to hard labour for the fpace of one month: and

whereas doubts have arifen whether fuch collellor or receiver is not

by the faid all obliged to weigh all carriages wkatfoever, whether

loaded



176	Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 29.	[1757;

loaded or unloaded \ and many difficulties have arifen thereupon* for Collector o- obviating whereof i% is hereby enabled and declared. That from £jj£e<loaded anc* a^-cr twc^tY ninth day of September one thousand fcycn carnages. hundred and fifty (even, any colleftor or receiver of any tolls at any turnpike or turnpikes erected or to be erefted by virtue of any aft of parliament, shall and may permit all and every perfen/or persons going or travelling through any turnpike with an empty cart, waggon or other carriage, to pafs and repaid through the fame, without weighing fuch empty cart, waggon, or other carnage, and without incurring the penalty afore£ud> and that fuch colleftor or receiver shall not be obliged to weigh any cart, waggon or other carriage, but thofe only which (ball be laden $ the (aid lad aboveroentioned aft, or any law now in forceto the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XXIX.

An atl to indemnify persons who have been guilty of the un~ lawful importingy landing, or running of prohibitedy un~ cuftomedy or other goods or merchandize, upon certain terms therein mentioned.

WHEREAS there is a great want of feamen for the com~.

pleatly manning of his Majefifs royal navy: and whereas there are are many fauorSy marinerr, and other fea-faring perfonsy fubjefts of bis Maieflyy at this time in parts beyond the feas% and in several of the gaols of this kingiomx on account of fundry offences by them.committed in breach of the laws of the cujloms and excife -> and ■ ' likewife several persons woo have been or may be charged with riding with fire armSy contrary to the a5ls paffed in the eighth year of the S G. t. c. 18. reign of his late majefly King George the Firjly and the ninth year 9 G. t. c. 35. of his present Majejtyy as well as other afts now in forcey and who >9 G. s. c. 34. have neglected to take the benefit of the late aft of indemnity, and are.

capable and may be inclined, or by grace and clemency induced, to ferveiy on board his Majefifs Jbips of wary provided they were certain of \ their being indemnified for their several offences and pafi mifdemean-crs\ be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent maje*. fty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That every perfon, who be-Smugglers, fore the firft <]ay 0f onc thousand (even hundred and fifty fied homaf- feven, shall have been guilty of illegal running, landing, unfences com-" (hipping, concealing, receiving or carrying any wool, prohibited mitted before goods, wares or merchandizes, or any foreign goods liable to 1 May 1757* the payment of the duties of customs or excife, the fame duties not having been paid or fecured, or of aiding or affifting there* in ; eft shall have been armed with fire-arms, or other offenfive arms or weapons, in order to be aiding or affifting any fuch o£-fenders, or have been guilty of refeuing fuch goods, wares or merchandizes as aforefaid where duties had not been paid or focured after feizure from the officers of the customs or excife, or of any aft or matter whatfoever whereby persons maybe, deemed and taken to be runners of foreign goods and commodities



iJ>57«) Anno triceflmo Giolloii It. 0.29.	177

dftie* Wittrin the intent and meaning of any law now m force *

or of hindering, oppofing, obftrufting, wounding or beating

any officer or officers of the customs or excifc, in the execution

of his or their office or duty, or of aiding or affifting therein*

fhall be and are by the authority of this present aft, acquitted,

indemnified, releafed and difeharged againft the King’s maiefly,

his heirs and ftrcceflbrs, and any officer or officers of the cuftoms

or txcife, and every of them, and all and every other person or

perfons, of and from all and every the faid offences* concerning

which no fuit, information or inaiftment shall have been com*

menced, filed or found, or compofition made before the faid firft

day of May onethoufand feven hundred and-fifty feveft, upon

the fdtowing terms and conditions; that is to fay, That he provided, be-

do, before he shall be apprehended or profetuted for the fame* tore theyara

and before the firft day of December one thousand feven hundred

and fifty feven, enter himfeJf with fomc commiflion officer of his December

Maiefty’s fleet to ferve as a common failor in the faid fleet, and next, they en-

do for three years at leaft from the rime of fuch entry, unlefs he tcr *CI7e

fhall be fooner duly difeharged from the fervice, aftually and	thc

bona fidt ferve and do duty as fuch in the faid fleet y and shall V

■lfo before the faid firft day of December onethoufand feven hun- theirrnmes,

drecT and fifty feven, regifter his name, employment, and &c. with tbi

ufual place of abode, with the clerk of the peace of the coun- clerk of tht

ty, riding or divifion where he refides, in a book which is

hereby direfted to be kept by the faid clerk, among the records

t>F the feflions for the faid county, riding or divifion for this

purpofe ; and shall fign fuch regifter, fignifying that he claims

the benefit of this aft, and that he has entered himfelf with

a certain commiflion officer by name, of his Majeft/s fleet,

to ferve as a common failor, which entry shall be made in the

following form,

AB .of	'	claims

m the benefit of an ad of the thirtieth year of the reign of his majefly King George the Second, and has entered himfelf with a com-miffion officer of his Majeftfs fleet, and has regifter ed his name in the bool fept by the clerk of the peace of this county, riding or divifion, this '	day of	purfuant to the

iiredions of the faid ad.

For Which entry or regifter there shall be paid to the clerk of the cierk’i fee is, peaCc of fuch county, riding or divifion, one (hilling, and no whoh to more; and that the faid clerk of the peace shall immediately af- trunfmit an ter'the faid firft day of May one thousand feven hundred and	to	*

fifty feven, from time to time, tranfmit to the commiflioners of rife the ttriftoiris and excife, an exaft account of all the perfon* who oner* of the have, by ftich $ntry or regifter as aforefaid, intitled themfclvescuftoms and to claim the benefit of this aft.	excife.

II.	Provided always, and be it enafted by thc authority afore- The faid per-faid, That every person who shall make fuch entry, and claim fop* hein* the benefit of this present aft 3s aforefaid, and shall afrefwards go'hy of the

V01.XJU1.	n

 

deterring, or unduly procuring their difeharge, liable to pro-fecution tor the former, as well as fuch new offences.

Officer permitting any

178	Anno	^ricefimo	Georgii	II. C. 50.	[1757

be guilty of, or commit any of the like offences as thofe herein before mentioned, or hereby intended to be acquitted, releafed or difeharged, or shall at any time after defert from the faid fer-vice, or within the faid three years unduly procure bis difeharge therefrom, shall be fubjedand liable to be profecuted. not only for or in rel'ped of fuch new offence, but shall alfo be fubjed and liable to all the fame pains, penalties and forfeitures as he would have incurred or been fubjed or liable to in cafe this indemnity had never been given; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

III.	Provided alfo. That if any officer of his Majefty*s navy shall by falfe mufter or certificate, or in confideration of a gra-fuch person to tuity of any kind, or by any other collufive or evafive ways or avoid adual means whatfoever, fuffer or permit fuch person to avoid the ac-tua* fervice as aforefaid, fuch person shall not only lofe the bene-fuch person fit of this ad, but every fuch officer shall fuffer the penalty of lofe* the bene- five hundred pounds.

fit of the ad. IV. Provided also, and be it enaded by the authority afore-erfons oen- That no person who shall have made fuch entry with the cleik of the peace as aforefaid, or receive or be intitled to any benefit or advantag%by virtue of this present ad of indemnity, _ ~	be caPa^e °f maintaining any adion brought or to be

brought by him, againft any officer of his Majefty's customs or ficers, &c. for excife, or againft any person or persons who mail or may have offences in- been aiding or affifting to any officer for or concerning any mat-tended to be ter, caufe or thing done or committed by fuch officer, or by any this adg€d Perfon or persons aiding and affifting him on occafion, or for any other matter or thing by this ad intended to be acquitted, indemnified, releafed and difeharged ; but fuch claim is and shall be deemed an abfolute difeharge and releafe to fuch officer, who General iffue. may plead the general iffue, and give a copy of fuch claim fo as aforefaid entered with the faid clerk of the peace, and give this ad in evidence, on fuch adion or profecution.

Prohibition of Provided a^°> an<* lt ls hereby further enaded by the au-fuits againft thority aforefaid, That no perfon, who shall duly enter himfelf persons enter- to ferve as a common failor in his Majesty’s fleet for the term ingthemfelves. 0f three years at leaft in purfuance of this ad, shall during fuch term of three years (unlefs he shall within fuch fpace of time defert or withdraw from fuch fervice) be liable to be apprehended or imprifoned, or to be fOed or profecuted in any manner whatfoever, for or on account of any of the offences intended to be releafed by this ad.

tering them-felves are dif-abled from bringing any

CAP. XXX.

An a£l	for allowing	a further bounty on veffelt employed in

the white herring fifhery •, for giving liberty to alter the present form and ftze of the nets ufed in the faid fifhery; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

ftjGeoi.c.tt.

led, 11 & ix.

WHEREAS by an aft made in the twenty third year of the reign of bis present Majefiy, intituled, An act for the en-

courage-



.1757*1 Aimo tricesimo GfioRGti II. C. 30. *	17^

couragcrnent of the Britijh white herring fifhery ; it is amongfl ether things enaftedy That os an encouragement to all persons what-foeytTy as well bodies politick and corporate, as others, and alfo the persons who Jbould be incorporated by virtue of and under the faid a&t to engage in the faid white herring fijheriesy that a bounty of thirty Jbillings per ten Jhould be paid annually out of fuch fums as fbould he produced cut of his Mayeflfs customs to the owner or owners of all { decked veffels, from twenty to eighty tons burthen, which Jhould be built after the commencement of the faid aft y for the ufe of the faid fiJberieSy and fitted out and employed in the Jaid ffberies, in manner and under the regulations in the faid aft after-mentioned \ fuch bounty of thirty Jbillings per ten to be paid yearly during the fpace of four-teen years from the commencement of the faid afty and no longer^ upon conforming to the regulations of the faid aft ; in which faid aft it itj amongfl'other things enaftef That every bufs or vejfel of the burthen of Jeventy tonsy and defigned for the faid fijhery, Jhould on her proceeding to feay have on board one fleet of fifty netSy each net to be thirty yards full upon the ropey ana feven fathoms deepy and fo in proportion for any veffels of a greater or lejfer tonnage; and fbould be provided with one other fleet of fifty like nets on board a jogger or tender to attend the faid fijhery y or left on fhore in a proper plate for the ufe of the Jaid bujs or vejfel: and whereas purfuant to the power by the faid aft given to his faid Majefijy a focietyy by the name of the fociety of The free Britijh fifhery, hath been incorporated by charter bearing date the eleventh day of October one thousand feven hundred and fifty: and tvhereas by another aft made in the twenty eighth year of the reign of his faid Majejiyy For fur- a8 q 2 c ther explaining, amending and rendering more effectual the faid firft mentioned adt; and for giving further encouragement for the carrying on the faid fifhery ; and for other purposes therein mentioned; it is enaftedy That the several alhivances of three pounds per centum per annum, and the faid bounty of thirty jbillings per ton granted by the faid firfi mentioned aft for the refpeftive terms Herein mentionedy Jhould be continued for the further term of three years, to be computed immediately from and after the expiration of the faid refpeftive termSy in manner in the Jaid aft of the twenty eighth year of his faidprefent Majefiy mentioned: and whereas the bounty of thirty /hillings per ton hath not been found a fujjicient bounty on the tonnage of the veffels employed in the faid fijheriesy and the nets by the faid firfi mentioned aft direfted to be employed in the faid fijh-erieSy have been found by experiencey both in their form and depth, to be very inconvenient and unfit for the faid fijheries; and it may tend greatly to the fupport of the faid fijheriesy if the veffels employed therein were permittedy during the intervals of the two fijhing fca/ons called The Shetland and Yarmouth fifheries, to be other-wife employed; therefore be it enadfed and declared, and it is hereby enadted and declared by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid bounty of thir- The former ty (hillings per ton by the faid two several adte granted an^>cc^tyl°

N 2 .	con-

employed in the fiihery.

180	Amo	tnctfim&GLoR©nir. c^jo. Cl757J

•bnttotied for the refpedive terms of years therdrtttfoedivoly mentioned, shall from henceforth ceafe, determine and he at an and in lieu end; and that in lieu thereof a bounty of fifty (hillingd Per thereof, so*. toQ on the veflels employed in thefaid fifheribs, fltallbeffaid Kwfel* ai,d Payable for fuch term and terms of years to the fitidfoctety, and fuch other persons as would have been intitled to the foal bounty of thirty (hillings per ton by virtue of or underJ»he 'fond two several a<fIs herein before recited, or either of them j in cafe this aft had not been made; and that fuch bounty ofi fifty (hillings per ton shall be paid and payable at fuch rimes, in focft manner, and by fuch person and persons, and out of fuch monies as the (aid bounty of thirty (hillings per ton is by the’fiud two several alls, or either of them, directed to be paid. - »■>■ Liberty given II. And be it further enaded by the authority aforebid, to ufe fuch That it shall and may be lawful to and for thefaid fociety, and to and for all other person and persons employed in-the bid filherje* {	*	fifheries,	in	lieu of the nets by the bid firft mentioned tuft di-

rected to be employed in the bid fifheries, to make ufe of - fuch nets in the white herring 6(heries as they shall find beftadapted to the (aid fifheries.

III.	Provided always. That each bufs or veflel do carry to fea the like quantity of netting in the whole as fuch bub or veflel is now bound to carry by the bid firft mentioned aft.

IV.	And it is further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That in all cafes where it shall happen that the nets tube employed in the faid fifheries (hall, by virtue of the liberty and power in and by this present aft given and allowed for that purport, vary‘from the fiz,e and form of the nets in add by thefaid firft-mentioned ad direded to be employed in the faid fifheries, that fo much of the certificate in and by the bid firft mentioned ad direded to be given by the officer or officers who (had beap-pointed to examine the bufles or veflels to be employed in the bid white herring fifheries as relates to the fifhing nets on board each bub or veflel; and alfo fo much of the oath by the faid

uMuc	direded	to be made by the owner or owners, or agent ap-

ownert,agents pointed by them, or of a proper officer or agent of the faid fo-and matter*, ciety, and of the mafter or chief officer of fuch veflel, as re-an to be va- fines to the nets on board fuch veflel; may and shall from hence-able^othe" forth be varied and made conformable to fuch alterations* as (izc and form may be made in fuch nets fo employed in the bid fifheries, by of the nett virtue of the liberty and power herein before for that purpofo padeufeof. given.	.	.

Liberty given V. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, r°5'np.loy tl,e That after the two fifheries called The Shetland and Yarmouth huervab of*	fijberiet b* over >n every year, it shall and may be lawftshto

>n erva * o and for the bid fociety, in the mean time, and until the commencement of the next enfuing fifhing feafon, to ufe and employ in any other bufinefs not prohibited by law, fuch of their bufles or veflels, and no others, as shall have been reaflyand bona fide employed in the faid two fifheries then lafl: precedihg, during the whole time of fuch two fifheries; any thing in tba

bid

fo at the like quantity be carried on board each bufs.

Certificates

S*ven by the fpe&ors.

emWbe eath made by tbe

the fifheries.



1*1

«7SJ^T Anpo trittfnnaGiOROfrn. c. jo.’ U&ftt|lMntioned<adt'or ip iht'Cbuttt of the /aid fodety ttb the contrary notwitbftandiag..

VI.	Aao whereas by an act made in the twenty ninth year

of lysfeid.Majefty, intituled,'fo in that fart of Great Britain calUd Scotland, it is amongft other*	‘*1‘

things eoaaed, That from and after the twenty fifth day of

June one thon/and (even hundred and fifty eight, .the ftavesof all. barrels in which white herrings and wet white fiih, in that part of Groat Britain called BtotUmi shall be packed or put up,

(hall be at lead one half part of an inch in thicknefs throughout, under fuch penalty as in the faid a& is mentioned: and whereas the hid fociety, and other persons following the faid fiiheries, have at a very great expence provided a large quantity of barrels for the packing their fifh, and no inconvenience hath arifcn from the make of fuch barrels ; be it therefore enalted and declared by the authority aforefaid, That fo much of the Regulation of (hid a& Of the twenty ninth year of his faid Majesty, as relates the thickaefi to the thicknefs of the barrels to beufed in the packing and put- ot barrel ting up. of. white herrings and wet white fi(h, shall not extend, "o b«reU ufed or be deemed or conftrued to extend, to barrels made ufe of, or in the herring to be made ufe of by the faid fociety, or bv any other person or fiOwry. persons following the faid white herring fiiheries, by virtue of or under the laid, aft of the twenty third year of his faid prelent Mmefty; any thing in the faid alt of the twenty ninth year of bis bid Majesty to the contrary thereof in any wife aotwith-ftaoding.

VII.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid, Free ufe of all

That the faid fodety, and all and every person or persons cm- P°rU ployed in the (aid fiiheries, shall have and exercife the free u(e b^J’high of all ports, harbours, (bores and forelands in Great	w^»r mark,

or the idands belonging to'the crown of Groat	, below and 100 yards

the bigheft high water mark, and for the fpace of one hundred tb°.ve»00 *'*F yards on any wafte or uncultivated land beyond fuch mark fo*	**

within the land, for landing their nets, calks and other mate- Ma drying ripls, utenfils and ftores, ana for ere&ing teats, huts and ft ages, nets.

and for the landing, pickling, curing and reloading their fiih,	,	*

and in. drying their nets without paying any foreland or other dues, or any other futn or fums of money, or other confidera- ' tion whatfoever for fuch liberty (except as herein after is ex-eepted) any law, ftatute orcuuom whatfoever to the contrary notwithftinding: and if any person or persons shall prefume to perfdnJ 6b- ' demand or receive any dues, fums of money, or other confider- ftrudmg fUcls alien whatfoever for the ufe of any fuch ports, harbours, (hores ufe, forfeit or forelands within the limits aforefaid, or shall obftrud the ,00** fiftiermen or other persons employed in the taking Or curing of fifh, or drying their nets in the ufe of the feme, every person £» offending shall for every fuch offence forfeit the sum of one ' hundred pounds, to be recovered and levied in manner herein after direited,

VIII.	Provided always. That nothing in this s& contained whereharbour (ball extend to.cxempt the veflels or beau employed in the faid or pier duet

N3

fifh. arc demands-bie by lavr>tlie

182	Anno	tricefimo Geokgii IL C.ji, [1757.

fifhing veflels fifheries from the payment of (bch harbour of pier dbes as are fame° P*y ^ an<* kw 0US^lt to ^ demanded for (hips, veflels or boats, in piers or harbour which are built or artificially made; but that fuch harbour or pier dues shall be paid in like manner as the ' fame were liable to be paid before the pafling of this a&.

IX.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforeiaid. Penalty where That the penalty herein before mentioned shall and may be proved f°Wt°bC ^eculcd and determined by bill, plaint or information, in any lu or* of his Majesty’s courts of record at Weftminjier, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland rcfpetftively, wherein no eflbin, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed; and one moiety of Rich penalty shall be to the ufe of his Majesty, and the other moiety to fuch person or peffons as Will fuefor or profecute the (ame.

The tonnage X. Provided always, and be it further enaded and declared bounty is not by the authority aforefaid, That the faid bounty of fifty (hillings to be paid, till per ton herein before given* and granted to veflels employed it* pr^uWd^f	finery* flwll not be paid or payable in refped of any

the duty pay- fuch veflels, until it shall have been made appear to the fatis-able to Green- fa&ion of the commiflioners of his Majesty’s cuftoms, by one wich hofoital or more certificate or certificates, receipt or receipts, from the paid? ”U y receiver or collector for the time being of the duty of fix pence per man per month, payable out of Teamens wages, for the fup-port of the royal hofpital at Greenwich, that all monies payable on account of fuch duty from any veflel, in refpe<5t whereof fuch bounty of fifty (hillings per ton shall be demanded, hath been fully paid and difeharged ; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP. XXXI.

An act to explain, amend and render more effe&ual an aSt paled in the twenty eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. Am

oil to enable tbt churchwardens, overfetrs and inhabitants of the pari/h of Saint Saviour in thi borough of Southwark in the county of Surry, to hold a market within the faid fartjh> not interfering with the high Jlreet m the faid borough.

ot Geo. *. c. *3. The ground deferibed in the recited afr, afeertained. The bifhop of Rochefter may grant feparate leafes of Rochefter yard, to the churchwardens and inhabitants of the parifh, and to John Howell, enquire. The faid leafes, and refervations of rent declared to be valid. Where other persons refufe to treat, notice to be given them, that the value of their lands will be fettled by a jury. Precepts to be ifliiod accordingly for returning a jury j who are to afTefs the damage and recorapence, on oath. Jury may be challenged. Verdict of the jury, and judgmentof the commifiioners thereon, to be conclufive, and to be filed among the records of the quarter-fefnpns. All contratts and files deemed vaM, and to bar all dower, and eflate, See. The further film of aoool. may be borrowed for the purposes of the a6k, on annuity for lives, at the rate of Si.

Ser cent, per an. to.be charged on the rents and profits of the market.

.ate to be made for making good deficiencies in the faid fund, to be allowed and figned by the juihees, and collected quarterly j and may bo k-yied by diltrefs and fale. Perfons aggrieved by the rate, may appeal to the quarter feflions. Collector to pay over the monies to the churchwardens, or to their order ; Snd to account before the juftices yearly, or oft-ner, and pay over the balance on making up his accounts. Penalty on

per*



1757-1	Anno-triccfimo Georgw II. C. 32,33.

perfons felling, or e*pofing meat to fale, in any houfe, Sec. except their own. Penalty on persons hawking or expofing to fale, meat, or other . provifidns, within 1000 yards of tne market, except in their own (hops, Src. in market time. Forfeitures may be levied by diftrefs and fale} and for want of fufficient di ft refs, offender to be committed. Perfons aggrieved, by order of juftices may appeal. Powers of the recited aconfirmed, and extended to this adh Charges of this a & to i>e paid out of the firft monies railed. Publick adh

CAP. XXXII.

An act for draining and preferving certain nmufo and fen lands and low grounds in the parish of Wiggenball Saint Mary Magdalen, in the county of Norfolk.

ConunilEoners appointed. Penalty on persons a&ing, if not qualified. Commiflioners power to make banks, &c. and to erect engines, paying for the damage $ and if the parties cannot agree, the fame to be adjudged by the juftices in feftioo. Time and place of truftees meeting. Commif-fioners may make orders, See. ehoofe officers. Officers may be removed. To give fecurity, Commiflioners to lay an eqoal acre-tax, not exceeding as. per acre each year. Highlands not to be charged. Juftices to determine differences. Commiflioners to borrow money on the tax. Money not to be borrowed but at a publick meeting, and not by lefs than y commiflioners. Applicatipn of the money. Commiflioners may diftrain for taxes. Diftrefs may be appraifed and fold, after 5 days. Tenants to pay the rates, and dedu& the fame out of the rents. Perfon negledting to pay the rates, for 2 months after demand, forfeits 58. for every 20s. he fiiail be in arrear j to be levied by diftrefs and fale j if no diftrefs be found, the lands to remain a fecUrity ter the tax, &c. Rates liable to the Da^ cneatof the money borrowed. See.. Creditors may diftrain for interefr, if not paid half-yearly, or within three months after. Alignments transferable without ftamp. Perfons roalicioufly deftroying the works, guilty of felony. Perfons maliciously flopping up. See. any drain. See. fhaU forfeit iol. or be kept to hard labour. Penalty for making places for watering in the mill drains. Accounts how to be kept and entered. Com-miifioners to take the accounts upon oath. Directions concerning dykes and drains, bridges and tunnels. If owners negledt, commiflioners may order drains, See. to be made and fcoured. Penalty per rod. Money fo expended to be levied with charges. Commiflioners not to prejudice the navigation of the Ouze. Limitation of adtions. General iffue. Treble cofts. Publick aft.

CAP. XXXIII.

An a& for draining and preferving certain fen lands and low grounds m w the several parities of Ramfey, Bury, Wiftow, Warboys, Farceitt, Stand ground and Water* newton in the county of Huntingdon, and of Poddington in the ifle of Ely and county of Cambridge.

Lands divided into fix diftridts. Commiflioners for the firft diftridt j for the fccond diftridt * tor the third diftridt; for the fourth diftridt ; for the fifth diftridt 5 for the fixth diftridt. Perpetual commiflioners. Commif-fioners to be eledted annually. Commiflioners dying, See. others to be chofen. Qualification of commiflioners. Penalty on jperfons adting, if not qualified. Meetings of commiflioners. Commiflioners to make and inaimam works. Waters paffing from highlands, See in firft and second diftridts, not to be excluded from the proper outlets, &c. Satisfadtion to be made. In cafe of difference, damages to be fettled at the quarter fef-fiona. If any private mill is taken down, commiflioners to make fatis» fadhon to the owner. Commiffionera may appoint officers, and allow them faltries. Officers to give fecurity. Commiflioners not to hold a place of profit. The acre tax for the refpedtive diftridts. Ramley Hern,

&c. exempt from all taxes. Taxes to be levied by diftrefs and fale. Tenants may pay taxes, and dedudt them from their rent; except where there is a lcafe of three years to come. Grounds unoccupied to remain

N4	a

Anns -tnccrkno- GBOftCmrlfc ct 34.1 r. If Tit*

liepurity fot the taxes. The<juantityv of £*e»ble Jw4* to	‘‘•M

the owners. Highlands not to be charged. Manner oF determining whicn jure highlands. Mr. Wyldbore’s lands «6t to he taxed while tfie bahki are fupported; Taxes may be aligned for money borrowed. Mortgage* may be affigned t and affigwnwntatfaqsfenrcd. The fnms to>be borrow* ed in each refpeftive diftrift. Taxes to be fecurity for mqnies borrowed. Application bt the monies. Charges of the aft to be paid in equmpart* by each diftrift. Annual meetings for parting accounts. 1 Officers ro account on oath. Certain owners may erect Ranches. A mill or foills tab# placed at the opening of Ada drain into forty foot river* Afli chain end Willow fen drain to be kept open with eonfeat of the corporation of Bedford level. Northey bank may be repaired- Ramfey Hern to be imbank-ed. Commirtioners may build abridge. Out ring and divirton ewes to be kept open by the proprietors. No cut to be made in whole lajtds. "Si* ception. Penalty on making fockdikes, See.	AH mils f • difch*gc*h#

water qither into BevilTs river, river Nene or Whittlefea m«br.r:iC#ff*iii works to be drained feparately. Delph dike to remain dammed up. L^nd* which shall not’be cut. No trees to be planted within id poles bf any mill. Perfous difcharging water by any engine, except httb Wi# river biene, See, .(hall forfeit 50!. No private bank, See, to be aimed/till new ones are made% Allowance to be made from the nth to the^tbjdiffrifty Periods damaging the works, to forfeit tool, and for want of d#reu, tq be committed. Perfons deftroying mills, &c. to fuffer as felons. MiHs to be infured. Allowances for catching moles. Proceedings to be fehter-cd in books i books may be produced and read in evidenocln^cafes of appeals Quorum of commiaionars of the several diftrift*, ^Nb -wider made by the commirtioners shall be altered, &c. unlefs 10 days notice^ be firft given. All proceedings to be at a meeting. Penalties and forfeiuiiei |wew to be recovered and applied. This aft not to interfere with the Con-fcrvators of Bedford level. 15 Car. a. c. 17. Rcfervation ofrigbdstO commirtioners for orefexving the navigation of Salter's load floioc.te. »7 Gcq. 2. c. 12. Kefervation of Vigbts to lords of manors. Limitation 0f actions. General iflfue. Double cotts. Publick aft.

CAP. XXXIV.

An aft tb enable the cornmijtoners for building Weftminfter Bridjgc, to widen the Jheet or avenue leading from Cqdtr fpur Street, to the paffage in Spring Garden, hear-Saint JamesV park.	-. *>

WHEREAS commiffmersfor building a bridge crofs the rivy Thames, from the Woofftaple, or thereabouts% in the pa-rijh of Saint Magaret, in the city of Weftminfter, to the Pppofitf /bore in the county of Surry, are by virtue of fevered former atfs tf parliament pafftd in the reign of bis present Majejiy, or by virtue; jof fome or one of them, impowered to makey opea9 defign% *fjign% and lay outy Juch new ways, ftreets and pajfages, as they Jhall find prefer to be opened and made on each fide the river Thames, toani from the faid bridge, the courts of jufiice, both houfes of parliament y and the parts adjacent; and to agree for and purcbafejucb houfesapd grounds as they Jhall find necejjary for them to be Pojfejfed of* and to be removed, rebuilt, pulled downy or employed for thofe purpofes, iompritfd within certain bounds and limits particularly mentioned and defer ibid in the faid refpetlive aftsy or Jome or one of them / and 'whereas the %v<*y> Jfirett or avenue y leading from Cockfyur Street, in the parijh of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the liberty of Weft-tnififter, /* the paffage in Spring Gardens leading to Saint James's

party

' k





lyjyjJ; Anao tficofimaXSeoRG'irll.c • 34*	l55

park* dH&ftoitifbenci m'Mfrbottth of parliaitishi, Weftminfter tm4 IhtcoUris of juflifo> Wr Weftminfter Bridge, might be Monfavdimori open, fafi and commodious, for the cafe of pofftngers andtbe pcMci benefit^ than the fame now is, in cafrthe faid com-mtf/ioii&s enabled to open and widen tie faid way, $r avenue, and, to pur chafe, pull down and remove, fuch buildings and beufes+oud to take pojjiffion of fuch grounds and eflates, as they Jhall think Jpcnpet and necejfary for tbofe purposes \ wherefore, for the prptiietitfr d iMrgn fo ufeful and beneficial to the publick, may it pleafe j^Mmf^eUent Majejiy, that it may be enabled •fund be it en-King’s mail excellent majefty, by and with the ad-vifce>and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal and com- enhnroweied iboils, in t^ris present parliament aflembled, and by the authority to widen the bf the feme; That the laid commiflioners, or any five or more avenues lead-of/ them, shall have full power and authority to open and widen ^om the way, ft rent or avenue, now leadingfrom Cockjpur Street, in the	*to the

partfh of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the liberty of JVeftminJler, callage in

}o the paflage in Spring Garden, leading to Saint James's para, in Spring Gar-uch manner as they shall think proper.	den j

s iL And for the better performance and execution thereof, be and to pur-it further eftaAed by the authority afbrefaid, That the faid chafe houfei £omroiflfoners,or any five or more of them, shall h*ve full power and authority to agree with the owner or owners, and occupier ^ or occupiers, for thepurchafe of thefreehold and inheritance of aH purport and every fuch building or buildings, houfc or houfes, grounds and eftafes, -as they the faid commilfioners, or any five or more of them, shall think neceflary for them to be poflefled of, or to be removed, rebuilt, pulled down, difpofed of, or employ* ed, for the purposes of this ait, comprized within the bounds arid4 limits following ; that is to fay, ntuate, (landing, lying or betng'iipan, near or adjoining to the faid way, ftreet or avenue, on the eaft fide thereof, as for as a certain mefluage or building, mefluages dr buildings, now in the occupation of Robert faylor ftatuary, his undertenants or afiigns, and abutting north'on Cockjbur Street, and fouth on Spring Gardens; andalfo to purchafe and become poflefled of the freehold and inheritance of all fuch buildings, houfes, grounds and eftates, and of all rent charges, annuities, mortgages, terms of years, or incumbrances whatio-ever affetfting the fame; any thing in the faid several former a£ts of parliatatnt, or any of them, contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.	'

III* And whereas it may happen, that fome person or perfoni,

.‘bodies politick, corporate or collegiate, corporations aggregate or foie,

'fetites covert, and their hufbands in the right of fuch femes covert r'efpettively, trufiees or feoffees in trufl, guardians, and committees for htuHicks and ideots, executors and adminiftrators, or other trufiees or guardians for femes covert, infants, iffue unborn, or other ceftuir yue trufls, qr for fome charitable or other ufe or ufes, or others who are themfehes, or whofe refpeftive wards or aftuique trujh, are feifed, poffejfed of, or inti tied unto, feme of the buildings, houfes, grounds, irfflateS) tvkick may be thought necessary fo be peer chafed, removed,

pulled





j %6	Anno	tricefimor	Georgii	II.	c.	34.	\ >757.

fulled dew n , di/fe/ed of or employed by the Jaid commifftontroy within the bounds and limits, and* for the purposes mentioned and pro* fcribed in and by this a£l9 or of feme ejlate or interfji therein, or of fome charge or incumbrance affixing the fame9 may be willing to treat for and agree to fell fuch buildings, houfes, grounds or ejlates, in order to perfect the ufeful and beneficial works intended by this aQ9 but are incapable of granting or conveying the fame, by reafon cf fome di/*ability, or not being under any^difability may ref ufe to treaty agree for9 or fell the fame > be it therefore enacted by the authority a-and in order foreiaid, That the (aid commiftioners, or any five or more of thereto, they them, shall and may, in order to purchafe and become pofleiT-meafure* asby c<*	fevcra^	buildings,	houfes,	grounds	and	eftates,	to	be

any former * purchased by virtue of, and under this ad, take, ufe and follow, a&s they are all or any fuch ways, means, methods and proceedings, and obr impowered to ferve fuch ru|es aIMj directions, as by any ad or ads of parliar dom like ment heretofore paffed in the reign of his present Majesty, they are enabled to take, ufe, follow, and obferve, in order to be purchafed, or be poflefted of any other houfes, grounds and eftates; and that all and every the powers and authorities, daufes, rules, forms and directions, preferibed, mentioned, exprefied and contained, in each and every of the faid aCt and ads of parliament heretofore pafled in the reign of his present Majo-fty, in any wife relating to the faid commiftioners purchafing or becoming poflefted of any other houfes, grounds or eftates whatsoever, or to any body or bodies politick, corporate or collegiate, corporations aggregate or foie, or any other perfon. or persons whatsoever, felling, difpoling of, or conveying any houfes, grounds or eftates, by any of the faid laft mentioned aCt or ads directed to be fold, purchased and conveyed ; or for obliging the high bailiff* of IVeftminJler to fummon juries, and for oblige ing fuch juries to aflefs the value of any fuch houfes, grounds or eftates, or any interest therein, in cafe any person or persons having or claiming to have any fuch estate or intereft, shall rei-fufe to fell or convey the fame to the faid commiftioners, or to manifeft a fufficient title thereto; or in cafe the person or persons intitled to any fuch estate or interest therein, cannot be found, or to the difpofal, paying, depofiting, or vefting of any fum or Aims of money thereby directed to be difpofed of, paid, depofited, or veftea, as the confiderations for the purchafe of, or value affefled for any of the faid houfes, grounds or eftates,. or to the obliging persons to produce title deeds, books, papers or writings, for infpedion and perufal, or to the obliging any persons to appear, and be examined on oath as witne&-Claafes in the es5 and every other rule, claufe, matter and thing, in each and several former every of the faid la ft-mentioned aCt and ads of parliament men-ads ftill in tioned and contained, and now b^ing in force, shall and are ed^o^he^ur* hereby declared to be of full force and effed, to all intents and chafes, See. topurpofes, for enabling the faid commiftioners, or any five or bemndeuuder more of them, to purchafe the freehold and inheritance, and this ad. to become poflefted of, and to pull down, and remove any of the buildings, houfes, grounds and eftates within the bounds

and

*75^3 Ahfto tricelimo Gfeofton II. c. 34.	187

and limits mentioned and preferibed in this present aCt; and shall extend, and be in all refpeCts deemed and conftrued to extend, to all and every the laid lad-mentioned buildings, houfes, grounds and eftates, and to all bodies politick, corporate and collegiate, corporations aggregate and foie, femes covert, and their hufbands, truftees, and feoffees in truft, guardians and committees for lunaticks and ideots, executors, adminiftratorsv and all other truftees and guardians, whether for femes covert, infants, iffue unborn, or other ceftuique irufts, or for any charitable or other uTe or ufes; and to all other persons whatsoever having or claiming to have, either in their own right of other-wife howfoever, any eftate, right, title or intereft, in, to or out of the faid taft-mentioned buildings,1 houfes, grounds and eftates; and to the methods and proceedings, for conveying and abfo-lutely ifluing the fame to the faid commiflioners or their truftees,

,with good titles, ufual and reafonable covenants, and free from incumbrances; and for barring, docking, and cutting off all eftates tail, dower, and right of dowerj and alfo to bar the rrg^ht of all and every person and persons, who shall not enter their faid claim or clairhs, and profecute the fame with effect, in the manner, and within the times preferibed and limited by the faid a&s of parliament, or fome or one of them, as fully ahd effectually as if the faid powers and authorities, rules, forms, directions, claufes, matters and things, mentioned and contained in each of the faid aCts of parliament heretofore paffed in the reign of his present Majesty, were particularly and at large repeated and enaCted in the body of this present aCt

IV.	And whereas by means of the purchases which the faid com-imjffioners are hereby impowered to make, they may be pojfejfed of one or more piece or pieces of ground, over and above what may be necef-jary for the opening and widening the way, Jireet or avenue; be it They may alfo further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That it shall and may iett or difpofe be lawful to and for the faid commiflioners, or any five or more of any piece of of them, to lett, fell or difpofe of any fuch piece or pieces of gu0r”fbpur-ground, either together or in parcels, as they shall find moft ad- n£t QC-vantageous and convenient, to any person or persons who shall ceflar’y for be willing to contract, agree for, or purchafe the fame j that it widening the shall and may alfo be lawful to and for the faid commiflioners, r or any five or more of them, to defign, aflign and lay out, in *b^td manner what manner any neW houfes shall be ereCted and built on any any new of the (aid piece or pieces of ground which they may be pof- houfes shall be felled of as aforefaid, over and above what may be necessary for«bujjt thereon * the opening and widening of the faid way, ftreet or avenue $ and breadth and likewife of what breadth and extent fuch way, ftreet or avenue extent of the shall be; and alfo to fell and difpofe of the materials of fuch houfe itreet * or houfes, building or buildings, as they the faid commiflioners, ancJ tell the old or any five or more of them, shall purchafe and caufe to be pull- materiais. ed down by virtue of this act

V.	Provided always, That the money arifirtg by the fale or thereby to letting of fuch grounds, and felling the materials of the houfes applied in dc. and buildings to be purefiafed and pulled down as aforefaid, shall fraying the

be cha* «(the tiuit.





ill	Anoo	triccHma GtxOUiU II. <^34.	[1

be employed, paid and difpofied «f, by the laid commifiooen^ or any five or more of them, towards defraying, the durgea and expenccs of executing the powers and traits hereby bathna

itpofed.

VI.	And in order to prof the fold way, ftroet or. avmm,

hereby intended to be opened and	when the fame food be fa

opened and widened; and alfo the and buildings that faail be erefled on any of the grounds wbitb Jball be let or fold by the food

tommijjioners, hy virtue of this a£J, free from nuifanees and aeaeay ■ ances* and to preferve the uniformity and beauty thereof^ be Jt further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That a certain aA of Powers and parliament pafled in the eighteenth year of the reign of bis

Tc% ^cnt Majesty, intituled. An all for granting further powers totha extended to 9 commissioners for building a bridge trofs the river Thames, from the (beet to the city of Weftminfter, to the oppofiti Jbore in the county of. Surry ; be widened and for the better enabling them to finijb the /aid bridge* and to under this *&, perform the other truji repofed in thm\ and all and every the powers, authorities, claufes, matters and things, therein men? tioned and contained, which are now in force, shall extend and be deemed and taken to be to all intents and punpofea in full force, with re(pe& to the faid lad-mentioned way, Greet or avenue, when the fame shall be fo opened and widened as afore* faid; and to the owners and occupiers of fuch houfes and build* ings, as shall be let or fold by the faid commiflioners by virtue of this aft, for effectually impowering and enabling them the (aid commiflioners, or any five or more of them, from time te time, to perform, ufe and exercife all and every the like powers and authorities for preferring the (aid way, ftreet or avenue, and the faid lad-mentioned houfes and buildings, free from nuifances and annoyances, or for abating any fuch nuifances, and preferring and for preferving the uniformity and beauty of fuch houfes and tlKoaUbriBfty buildings; and for a better and more effectual enforcing the co-S°* vcnants, conditions, agreements, limitations and rtnn&ions,

Ibe buildings, un(jcr which the (aid commiflioners shall let or fell any pieces of ground or buildings by virtue of this act, as are exprefled and •	Contained fo the faid act of the eighteenth year of the reign of

hisprefent Majesty, with refpect to the several dreets and pre«* mines therein mentioned, as fully as if the faid several powers, authorities, claufes, matters and things, in that act mentioned and contained, were particularly and at large repeated and re* enacted in the body of this present act,

VII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforeftid. That out of all or any of the aids or fupplies granted to bio Majedy, for thefervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, there may and shall be applied and paid to the faid commiflioners for building the faid bridge, or any five or more of them, or to fuch person or persons as shall be appointed

•»5ool. grant- under the hands and feals of the faid commiflioners, or any five nri to the com- or more of them, to receive the fame, the fum pf two thousand miffi oners for five hundred pounds without account (other than as is herein ir* Pna°kS	10	&	applied towards pur chafing bofoe$ and

<UI	ground*

for keeping the feme free from nui-duces.



Ahno	IT. C. 34.	^$9

ground«‘fbf Wkfcmhgthfc faM way, ftreet or avenue, aruTfor making th# fame more commodious and ufeful to the publick, m& ■ for tftb ‘payment of other iricMental charges and expences attending the execution of this alt, in fuch manner, and at fuch thma, as the faid commissioners, or any five or more of them,

(hall fro*) time to time direlt.

s Vltt. Ahd beit dfo enaltcd by the authority afbrefaid, That Account of the faid Commiffioners for building the faid bridge, shall lay an the application accotinf fef the application, as well of the faid Run of two thour tb««ofi &c. (and fivehandred pounds, as of all other moniesraifed by virtue paSfe-of this4he faid former alts, and by them applied and mcat# . expended, before both hottfes of parliament, within twenty days after the opening of every session of parliament, in the lame inanneras they are direlted to do by the faid former alts.	.

* 'IXr And be it further enaded by the authority

That att fuch cofts and charges as shall be expended in obtain- be paid oat

ing,Of byreafonof paffing this present alt, and fuchmonies as shall of the Gudmo*

become due to any person or persons employed in purfuance nies.

hereof, shall be paid out of the monies to be raifed by virtue

hereof./

X.	And whereas part of the lands and grounds intended t& be pur-chafed by virtue of this aft, are the freehold and inheritance of the right reverend Jotter Zachary Pearce, the present lord bijhop of Rochefier: and whereas a furety and efiimate of the value of toe /aid lands and grounds, and of the buildings and erefiions thereon, has	'

been had and made by two indifferent persons, with the ccnfent of the /hidford bijhop, who have valued and ejlimated the fame at the jum of	,	{

ant thousand three hundred and forty five pounds: and whereas the /hid lord bijhop is willing to accept of the faid Jum of one thousand three hundred and forty five pounds, in full Jatisfaflion for all his	t

tight, title, and inter eft whatsoever, in the fame, and the Jlreet ad-—.	' '	*

joining \ be it therefore enalted by the authority aforefaid, That if the Taid lord bifhop of Rochefier, or the person or persons who t*ttabiifopaf shall be refpeltively intitled to the faid lands and grounds, withHocbefter the buildings and ereltions thereon, now belonging to the faid M451- for tke lord bi(hop of Rochefier, (hall, on'or before the firft day of Augujl one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, fignify to the faid property, oa commissioners, in writing, his, her or their confent, to accept the hU making (aid fum of one thousand three hundred and forty five pounds, ou* a title, for his, her or their interest in the faid premises, and lhall do, *nd ProPer perform and execute, all and every matter and thing as shall be onveyMICC* iteceffary and required by the faid commissioners, or any five or , more of them, for compleating and perfecting his, her or their title to the faid premifles, and for conveying the fame to the faid Commiffioners, in fuch manner as they, or any five or more of them, shall direct and appoint \ then, and in fuch cafe, the faid commissioners, or any five or more of them, (hall, and they are hereby impowered and required, out of the faid fum off two *	"	?	'

thoufand five hundred pounds, to pay and apply the sum of one thousand three hundred and forty five pounds, to the faid lord . , , Whop of Rochefier, or to the fuch person or persons as shall be ■*	1	•

?e%eltiyely intitled to the faid premiffes, in fuch and the like 6	man*

 

Anno tricelkno Georgii II. c. 35.	[1757.

manner, as any Turn or Turns agreed for by the faid commifE-oners are diretfted to be paid by virtue of any former adts.

XI. Provided always, and be it enabled. That when the (aid Way, ftreet or avenue* shall be opened and widened, the foot way on the weft fide thereof shall be raifed fix inches at leaft, above ciucv*.- ca™agc way> an^ b2 paved with good flagg ftone, and riagVwayTaud be made in thenarroweft part, not lefs than nine feet wide; and tobe paved that the faid carriage way shall not thereafter be altered, fo as

190

The foot way of the itreets to be raifed fix inches a-bove the car-

with flagg ftone.

to raise the fafne nearer the furface of the faid foot way, than the fame shall be left, when fini(hed, in purfuance of this adh Lights of the XII. Provided alfo. That in the making the faid fdotway, cellar ftory not care be taken not to obftruft the lights of the cellar ftory adjoin-to be obftnidt- ing to the faid foot way.

«d thereby. XIII* And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Commifiioners That the faid commifiioners, and each and every other person and persons or persons authorized by the faid commifiioners, or any five or ^mgindem- more them, to do any adl in execution of any of the powers nified for what intended to be hereby vefted in the faid commmioners, are anid they shall do. shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do in purfuance of this adl; and that if any adtion shall be brought, or fuit commenced, again ft any person or persons, for any thing done in

}>urfuance of this adf, or in relation to the premifles herein be-ore mentioned, every fuch adtion or fuit shall be laid or brought within fix calendar months after thefadf done; and fuch adtion Limitation of shall be laid in the county of Middleftxy and not elfewhere; and ®fb°n8, the defendant or defendants in fuch adtion or fuit, shall and General lfiue. may at ji^ty to plead the genera! ifliie, and give this adf and the fpecial matter in evidence without fpecially pleading thefame.

CAP. XXXV.

An a6t for draining and preferving certain fen lands lying in the South Level, part of the great level of the fens, commonly called Bedford Level, between Brandon River and Sams’s Cut Drain j and for impower-ing the governor, bailiffs and commonalty, of the company of confer-vators of the (aid great level, to fell certain lands within the faid limits, commonly called Invefted Lands.

Who shall be commifiioners for Dutting the aft in execution. Firft com-miflioners for Feltwel, Helgay, fcouthery and Methwold. Proprietors to meet in March annually, to chufe commilfioners. If no election shall be made in any year, the commilfioners for the preceeding year to be continued. Qualification of comniifiioners. Commilfioners to meet half yearly, or oftener. Then- firft general meeting to be held at Feltwell. Sublequent meetings where. Commifiioners to make orders for draining, Sec. and to appoint proper officers. Coiledtors to give fecurity. is. to be paid to each commifiioner for his attendance atany meeting. Commifiioners impowered to fcour and make cuts, drains, and other works. The watersto be thrown off into the Oufe and Brandon. Satisfaftion to be made for damages done in erefting new works. Differences to be fettled by the juftices at tbeir quarter fefiiors. Acre rates to be made for defraying the expences. Highlands not fubjeft to be rated. Hod and turf pools not rateable for feven years. Decoy of Robert Clough may be imbanked, and is not ratea'-ble. Two persons to be appointed to fet out the commifiioners portion of common, to be enjoyed in feVeralty, and to veft in the commifiioners in truft, See. The fen reeves neglefting, the juftices are to appoint a proper perfon. Confmiflioners may borrow money on the rates, with intereft. Application of the money borrowed. Principal not to exceed 4000I. Rates

charg-

 

1757-3 Anno tricesimo Geqrgii II. c. 36.	191

charged with the principal and intereft, and on non-payment to veft in-the creditors. Aflignments may be transferred. Entry to be made thereof.

Rates on non-payment, after notice, may be levied by diftrefs and fale^

Tenants to pay the rates, and deduft the fame out the rent. Exception.

Where no diftrefs can be found, the la nth are to remain a fecurity $ and if lands shall be dug up into hods or tarf, taxes are to be levied on owner's goods whercfoever found. Horfe mills and other engines may be ere&ed on arable lands, to drain the fame. Owners negleCHng to rode, &c. the leading dikes and lay proper tunnels, collectors to caufe the fame to be done, and levy the expence. Penalty on persons making watering places for cattle in milldrains, or driving waggons on the banks. Penalty of deftroying the banks, or other works, &c. Accounts of receipts and di£> burfements to be audited annually; and the vouchers to be produced, Sec.

Accounts when allowed to be entered in 3 books, &c. Rights of the con-fervators of Bedford Level referved to them. 1$ Car. *. c. 17, so Car. a. * c. 8. The corporation's receiver is to pay out of the taxes of the fouth and middle levels, the rates chargeable hereby on the invefted lands, until the faid lairds are fold. Commiflioners to be appointed annually for the invefted lands. The faid lands may be fold by auCtion, givingnotice of fuch &le« Corporation to make a conveyance thereof to the purchafers. The faid lands are liable to be rated after fale, as they were before. Limitation of actions. General ilTue. Treble colls. Publick aCt.

CAP* XXXVI.

An aCt for draining and preferring certain fen lands, low grounds and commons in the townfhips or hamlets of March and Wimbnngton, and in the pari(h of Upwell in the ille of Ely and county of Cambridge*

Lands to be divided into fix diilri&s: The firft diflriCt. Second diftraft-Third diftriCt. Fourth diftriCt. Fifth diftriCt. Sixth diftriCt. Commife fioners for ift, 3d, 5th and 6th diftriCts. Commiflioners in titled but to one vote. Commiflioners for the second diftriCt. Fourth diftriCt. Election of commiflioners for fourth diftriCt. Qualification. Agents may be appointed.

For qualifying persons jointly poffefled of eftates. Meetings for the j efpeCtive diftriCts. Where to be held. Commiflioners to make anJ maintain works * making fatisfaCtion. Officers to be appointed. Taxes on several lands. The quantity of rateable lands to be given in by the owners. Taxes on common nghts; how to be apportioned, and raifed. Separate collectors. Certain lots exempted. Highlands not to be charged. Manner of determining which are highlands. Exemption in2ddiftriCh Money to be borrowed. Ana aflignments transferred. The fums to be borrowed in each refpeCtive diftriCt.

Taxes not to be under a certain rate when money is owing. Taxes to be fecurity for monies borrowed. Application of the monies. Charges of -the aft to be paid in equal parts by each diltriCt. Taxes to be levied by diflrefs and fale. Tenants may pay taxes, and deduCt them fiom their rent} except where there is aleafe of three years to come. Taxes upon Eftepher farm, &c. to be paid by the tenants. Grounds unoccupied to remain a fecurity for the taxes. No order made by the commiflioners (halt be altered, &c. unlefs 10 days notice be firft given. All orders to be made at meetings. Perfons deftroying mills, See. to fuffer as felons. Perfons damaging the works, to forfeit 100I. Penalty on working horfe mills, See,

Accounts how to be fettled. Proceedings to be entered in books; books may be produced and read in evidence in cafes of appeals. Satisfaction to be made for private mills. Allowance to be made in the 4th diftrift for private banks. Private works not to be altered until the mills are ready to work. Directing bridges and tunnels to be ereCted and made.

. Penalty on making watering places and fock dikes. See. A bank to be made on the welt fide of Plant Water, Owner’s of Barber’s Lot may maintain the bank to the gravel bank. Mr. Collier to fupport his bank.

Outring ditch next to Mr. Collier's lands to be cleanfed How watersare to be drained fioin ill and 2d diftriCt. No trees to be planted within 20 poles of any mill. Drains not to be made thro' Mr. Brown's lands. Penalty on neglt&ing to cleanfe dikes, &c. Notice of meetings for the second diftriCt. Saving of rights to tht corporation of Bedford Level! . 15 Car.

'  

Where any

provifions,

193	Anno triccfimo Georg 11 if. c. 37* 38.'	[’1^57*

a. c. ly. Refervation of right* to commifteheii fbr prdenorig the navi-gation of Salter's Load Sluice, See. 27 Geo a. c. i*. Limitation of aftiona< General iffue. Treble coih. Public ad.

CAP. XXXVII,

An aS far enlarging the times limited for executing and performing several provifions, powers and direftions in certain a£ts of this fejfton of parliament.

WHEREAS by certain aBs of this present fejfton of parliament y several provifions, powers and authorities therein contained, have been or may be required, directed or authorized trie executed on or before the day of the pajfmg of fitch aBs refpeBively, whereby several doubts and difficulties may artfe with rejpefl to the execution ofthefaid aBs, and the good purposes thereby intended may bede feated; be it therefore enaded by theKing’smoft excellent tnajefty, powers. See. hy and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and are dire&ed to temporal and commons in this present parliament aflembled, be executed and by the authority of the fame. That in cafe any ad of hath palled, or doth or shall pafs, at any time what-before^day "3CVer during this present feflion of parliament, whereby any &c. on which* provifion, power or authority, or any matter or thing hath been, fuch aft shall is or shall bedireded, required or authorized to be executed, happen to done or performed, on or before any day which hath been, is or the (ameroay	1^ie Pa®nS> or which hath, is or shall have

be executed^ clapfed, before the palling of any fuch ad refpedively; in each and every fuch cafe, all fuch provifions, powers, authorities, matters and things, as have been, are or shall bedireded or re* quired to be executed, done or performed, on or before the days refpedively limited in every fuch ad, shall be and are hereby direded and required to be executed, done or performed, on or before the fourteenth day after the day of palling this ad, by the persons refpedively, who in every fuch ad refpedively have been, are or shall be direded or required to execute, do or perform the fame, on or before the days therein limited; and all fuch provifions, powers, authorities, matters and things, as have been, are or shall be authorized to be executed, done or performed, on or before the refpedive days limited in every fuch ad refpedively, may be and are hereby authorized to be executed, done and 7	performed,	on or before the faid fourteenth day after the day of

palling of this ad, by the persons refpedively who have been, and the mat are or shall be authorized to execute, do or perform the fame; ten fo done de- and all fuch provifions, powers, authorities, matters and things q]“2*t0 **	executed,done and performed, on or before the faid fourteenth

day after the day of patting this ad, shall be as valid and effedual, and be deemea and taken, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had been executed, done and performed, on or before the days limited in every fuch ad refpedively; any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An ad fer amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads in ‘	r to the tow a of Tcnbury in the counties at Salop, Worcefter and

on or before the 14th day after palling this ad;

and ncart Hereford.





CAP.

»f $jp.J	Ataotrioefimo-GBDRsn II. ’■ c. 39,-4*.

------------------  <3	A	F;	"XXXIX.“

Airaft for repairing and widening feveralfoada leading to, through and from the town ot Frome in the county of Soinerfet; hnd for giving further powers to the truffeesin an aft patted in the twenty fifth year of his present Majefty's reign, for repairing the roads from the town of - Wannmfter in the county of Wilts, to the city of Bath in the county of Somerfet, au4 other roads therein mentioned,

CAP. XL.

An act for enlarging the terms and powers granted by two afts of parha-, ment, one patted in the third, and tne other in the feventeenth year of the rfeign of hw present Majesty, for repairing the road leading from a gate *cafled hhipftoo Toll.gate at Bridgetown in the parish of Old Stratford in the county of Warwick, through Alderinixmer and Shipfton upon Stower, to the topofLongCompton Hill in the faid county of Warwicks and alfo for repairing the road leading from the firft mile (tone (landing on the faid Shipffon road, through a lane called Clifford Lane, and thro* Mkkleton and Chipping Campden, to a place called Andover's Ford, in the county of Gloucefter.

CAP. XLI.

An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair; the road from the turnpike road at the bottom of Shaw Hill in the parish of Melkfham, through Googes Lane, Corfham, Biddtlton and Weft Yatton, to the ' turnpike roaefat Upper Combe in the pariih of Caftlecombe in the county . of Wilts.

CAP. XLII.

An act for the afeertaining and collefting the poor’s rates 5 and for the * better ordering and regulating the poorin the parish of faint Luke in the county of Middlesex.

* CAP. XLIII.

An aft Jor amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from the town of Hitchin in the county of Hertford,through the town of Shefford and Carrington Cotton End, to,a lane oppofite a farm houfe called faint Leonard's, leading into the turnpike road from St. Alban's to the town pr Bedford; and alfo the road from the turning out of the aforefaid road into He mow Field to Gerford Bridge; and alfo the road from the town of Henlow, over Henlow bridge, to Arlefcy in the county of Bedford.

.................CAP.	XLIV.

Aft aft for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from Bucfcigb Bridge in the tovyn of Loughborough, to Aihby dc la Zouch in the county of Leicefter.	,	-

CAP. XLV.

Ah Aft forjonending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads from the jeaft^ncLof the town of Hertford in the county of Hertford, through Watton to Broadwater; and from the town of Ware, through WattQns to the north end of the towns of Walkern in the faid county.

;	•	,	.	CAP.	XLVI.

Afi aft for amending^ widening, making commodious, and keeping in repair, the road from the Crofs Keys, otherwife Brickerf Barn in the parish . X)t Corfham in the county of Wilts, to Bath Eafton Bridge in the county bf Somerfet. *

• “ ■*'	^ cap. XLvir.

A#aft for making the river Blyth navigable from Halefwortb Bridge in the county of Suffolk, into fhe haven of Southwould.

cap. xLvni.

Ap aft for r^paWii\rand widening the road from Towpefter; tfo-ough Sil-yerflpa a^d BwnMy ia tha county ol Northampton, and Ardkfv and VOL XXII.	O	*	Mid-

w

>vl

J. J

 

Anna tricefirho Georgii II. ©,	[*757»

Middleton Stoney, to Wefton gate in tbe parilh of Wefton on the Green . in the county of Oxford.

CAP. XLIX.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Markfield turnpike in the County of Leicefter, over Charley, other wife Charnwood foreft.thro’ the town of Whitwick; and from thence through Talbot Lane, to where the road leading from the town of Loughborough, to the town of Afhby de la Zouch in the faid county, comes in from Ryley Lane, near to a place called Snape Cate.

CAP. L.

An act for amending, widening, and keeping m repair, the roads leading from the village of' Milford m the county of Surry, through Petwotth, to the top of Dunckton Hill, and from Petwortb, to Stephen* Bridge in the county of Suffex.

CAP. LL

An act for explaining and amending several afts of parliament for repairing the roads between a place called the White Poft, on Aiconbury Hill and Wansford Bridge in the county of Huntingdon, and between Norman Crols Hill in tne faid county, and the city of Peterborough, with fefpeft to the elections of new trufteea, the power of competing perfbw employed by the truftees in the execution or fuch afts, to deliver up fuch books and papers relating thereto as are in their cuftody, and aUb to the manner of fttmiltoniog and holding the meetings of the truftees.

CAP. LIL

An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the twentieth year ofthe reign of his pre fen t Majesty, for repairing the high road leading from the north end of the Cow Cawfey, near the town of Newcaftle upon Tyne, to the town of Belford .* and from thence to Buckton Burn in the county of Northumberland 3 and for making the fame moreeffeftuaL

CAP. LIII.

An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by ttfro afts of parliament, one pafled in the fourth year of the reign of his late majefty King George, and the other in tbe ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the highways from Crown Corner in the town of Reading, leading by and through the , several parifhes of Shinfield and Heckfield in the several counties of Berks, Wilts and Southampton, to Balingftoke in the county of Southampton.

CAP. LIV.

An act for enlarging the terms and powers granted by two several a#s pafled in the fourteenth year of his prelent Majesty, the one for . repairing the roads from a place caftled the Red Houfe near Ooncaftes to Wakefield, and through the laid town of Wakefield by Dewsbury, Hightown and LightciifF, to the town of Halifax in tbe Weft Riding of the county of Yorlc 5 and the other for repairing the road from Wakefield to Pontefraft, and from thence to a place called Weeland in the townfhip of Henfall 3 and from Pontefraft to Wentbridge in the town-fhip of Darrington in tbe weft riding of the county <ef York.

CAP. LV.

An act for rebuilding the bridge over the river Ribble, between the town-fhips of Prefton and Penwortbam, near a place called The Filh Houfe in the county palatine of Lancafter.

CAP. LVI.

An act for rebuilding and keeping m repair the ihire hall of the county of

Warwick.

CAP.



1757*] Anno triccflmo Georgii II. c. 57,-65.	«9?

CAP. LVII.

Ail aft for enlarging the term nod powers granted by an aft faffed in the twmty fixjrb year of the reign of his prefeat Majesty, in bailed, An a&for rrktariag j&virol roods leading into the city of Gfafgow, 4o far as the hone relates to certain roads mentioned in the faid aft; aiidaHo to enlarge the term and powers granted by ait aft paffed in the twenty (eventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An aSl to explain^ amend\ and render mere effectual an a& faffed in the twenty fixih year of tbe reign of bu frefmt Majefyj intituled. An act for repairing fertral roads leading into the city ot GUfcow; and tt> repair several other roads leading into the faid city; and for building abridge crofs the river of Xnchinnan.

CAP. LVHI.

An act for enlarging the term, and amending and altering several powers granted by an aft made in the twentieth year of his present Majesty *s reign, for opening, cleanfrng, repairing and improving the haven of Southwould in thecounty of Suffolk.

CAP. UX.

An act for building a bridge over the river Lea, at or near a placp called Jeremy's Ferry; and /or making, repairing, and widening roads from tnence into the great roads at Snarefbrook in the county of E&x, and at Clapton in the county of Middlesex.

CAP. LX.

An act for repairing and widening the road from tbe north end of Dap-don Wharf in theparhh of Stoke, ncatGuWeford, through <3uldeford to Andrew's Crofs, and to Alford Bars in the county of Surry, and from thenoe to Saint Mary's Gate io Arundel in the county of Suffcac.

CAP. LXI.

An act for repairing the road from a place called The Golden Farmer, near Bagfhot in the county of Surrey, to Hertfordbridge hill in the

W wWroWBnp»vii •

CAP. LXII.

An act for making the river Ivel, and the branches thereof navigable, from the river Ouce at Tempsfprd in the county of Bedford, to Shot-ling Mill, otherwise called Burnt Mill in the parish of Hltchin in the county of Hertford; and to Black Horfe Mill in the paaiih of Bygrave in the faid county Of Hertford; and to the fonth ana north bridges in the town of Shefford in the faid county of Bedford.

CAP. LXIII.

An act for budding a bridge or bridges crofs the river of Thames, from a certain place in Old Brentford in the parifti of Ealing in the county of Middle (ex, known by the name of Smith or Smith'# Hill, to the oppose ihore in the county of Surry,

CAP. LXIV.

An act for enlarging the terms and powers granted by two afts of parliament of the Hr(Fand ieveatcunth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending feversd roads leading to and from the Borough«f Evefham inthe county of Worcefter; and for explaining and making more effeftual the faid afts; and alfo for ameoding, widening and keeping in repair, several other roads in the counties of Worce-iter, Warwick and Gkmceftcr.

CAP. LXV.

An act for cleaning, paving and lightening theltreets of tbe city of Bath, and .liberties thereof; and for regulating chairmen; and alfo for the keeping a fufficicnt and well regulated watch in tbe night time, in the

O a	faid

196

Anno tricesimo primoGEORGii II. c. i. [1758.

fa id city and liberties ; and to oblige all owners of houfes, and other buildings within the faidcity and liberties, to bring down the water from ' the roofs of their houfes, and other buildings, by proper pipes, down the (ides or walls of fuch houfes and buildings; and alfo to oblige all coal carriages to pafc by the borough walls of the (aid city during the night feafon.

. CAP. LXVI.

An act to explain, amend, aud render more effeftual, an aft made in the lift feflion of parliament. For repairing and <1widening frveral mads hading from agate coiled Poole Gate in the town and county of?oole.

CAP. LXVII.

An act for enlarging the terms and powers granted by an aft palled in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repatrinjg and enlarging the highways between the top of Kingfdown Hill and the city of Bath, and for amending several other highways therein mentioned, leading to the faid city $ and alfo for repairing several other roads therein mentioned.

CAP. LXVI1I.

An act for repairing and widening the roads leading from SpaldingHigh Bridge, through Littleworth, and by Frognall, and over Jamespeep-ing Stone Bridge in the county of Lincoln, to Maxey Outgang in the county of Northampton, adjoining the high road there.

CAP. LXIX.

An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads from the town of Wrexham in the county of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridfeftn the county of Flints and from the town of Mold, to Northopp, fMf-wdl and Rhuddlan in the fame county; and from thence to the Ferry Houfe opposite to the town of Conway in the county of Carnarvon; and from Ruthin to the faid town of Mold.

Anno Regni GEORGIIII. Magna Britannia, Francis	,	trice-

fimo	primo.

AT the parliament begun andbolden at Weftminfter, tit thirty	firjt day of May,	Anno Dom. one

[even hundred and fifty	four,in the-twenty fevent b year of

the reign of our fovereign lord George the	by	the

grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, , defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued by several \prorogations to the firjt day of December one tboufand feven hundred and fifty feven, being, the fifth fcf-fion of this present parliament.

CAP. I.

An a£l for continuing-certain laics made in the laft session of

1	parliament,for prohibiting the exportation of	, malt,

meal.



197

1758.] Anno triccfimo prime Georgii II. c. 1.

mealy flour % bready bifeuity and ftarcb; and for prohibiting the making of low wines and fpiritSy from wheat, barleyy malty or any other fort of grainy or from meal or flour; and to allow the tranfportation of wheat, barley^ oats9 mealy and floury to the Ifle of Man, for the ufe of the inhabitants there\ and for reviving and continuing an aff made in the fame fefflony for difcontinuing the duties upon corn and flour importedy and upon corny grainy mealy bready bifeuity and floury taken from the enemy; and to permit the importation of corn and flour into Great Britain and Ireland, in neutral flips \ and to authorize his Ma-jefty, with the advice of bis privy councily to order and permit the exportation of fucb quantities of the commodities aforefaidy as may be necessary for the fuftentation of any forces in the pay of Great Britain, or of thofe of bis Majefty9s allies ailing in fupport of the common caufe and to prohibit the payment of any bounty upon the exporT tation of any of the faid commodities to be made during the continuance of this alt.

WHEREAS the laws herein after-mentioned are near ex- Preamble.

piring, and it is expedient that the fame (hould be further continued; may it therefore pleafe your Majesty that it may be enafted, and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That an aft made 2 afts of 30 ' in the laft feflton of parliament, intituled, An alt to prohibit, for Geo. a. a time to be limitedy the exportation of corny malty mealy floury bready bifeuity and ftarcb 5 and alfo an aft made in the fame fefiion, intituled, An alt to prohibity for a limited time, the making of low wines and fpirits from wheaty barleyy malty or any other Jort of grainy or from any meal or flour ; shall be, and the fame are here- cont;^ued to • by further continued, from the expiration thereof refpeftively, ,4Dei. i7Ss, until the twenty fourth day of December, one thousand feven hundred and fifty eight.

II. Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority a- Com may be forefaid. That the laid aft, intituled, An alt to prohibity for ^exportedfrom time to be limitedy the exportation of corny malty mealy floury bready ^dEx™ter°to bifeuity andftarchy or any thing therein contained, mall not ex- the Ifle of’ tend to any wheat, barley, oats, meal, or flour, to be tranfport- Man, for the ed out of or from the ports of Southampton or Exeter only, unto ufe of the in-the Ifle of Many for the only ufe of the inhabitants of that ifland, fo as the exporter, before tne lading of fuch wheat, barley, oats, er 9 meal, or flour, or laying the fame on board, do become bound the exporter with other fufficient fecurity (which the cuftomer or comptroller 8,vin8 rccun* of either of the faid ports refpeftively, hath hereby power to take in his Majesty’s name, and to his Majesty’s ufe, and for which

O 3	'	fecurity

. *s$	Anno	tfm&mo	primo Gkq»&ii II- €< %.	[[3	7$P.

fecurity no. fee or reward {hall be given,or taken) that liich wheat, barley, oats, meal, or flour, {hall he landed h) the faid ljle of Man (the danger of the feas only excepted) for the ufe of the inhabitants there, and shall not be landed or fold in any other parts whatsoever, and to return the like certificates of the landing the fame there* as are by the fcud a & repaired an the exportation of the bid commodities to the Britijb colonies in America) and within the time for that purpofe therein mentioned, and fo as the whole quantity of wheat* barley*oats, meal, or flour, which at any time Or times after the palling of this iidt, arrd before the faid twenty fourth day of December* shall be (hipped an	both	the faid	ports for the fain Ifle of Man as afore-

^xccTnot* o	not	in	the whole, two thousand five hundred

Scced %!$qq quarters, one tnoiety whereof to be exported at the bid port of Quarters m	Southampton,	and the other moiety thereof to be exported at the

the whole. faid port of Exeter; any thing in the faid adt, or any other adt to the contrary notwithftanding.

A& of 30 Geo.	XU.	And whereas an	adt made iff the lad session of parfia-

to i°ntDeced	ment’	An aft	to difeontinue* for a limited time, the du-

ll^ * ties upon corn and four importedand alfo upon futb iorti* grain* meal* bread, bifeuit* and flour, as have been or JbaU be taken from the enemy, and brought into this kingdom, is expired, and it is ne-ceflary that the fame should be revived and continued; be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the faid adt shall be, and the fame is hereby revived, and shall continue and be in force, until the twenty fourth day of December, one thou* fand feven hundred and fifty eight.	*

during which 1^- And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, time, com That it shall be lawful, during the continuance of the (aid adt, and flour may and under the regulations therein mentioned, for any person or be imported perfems whatsoever, to import and bring into this kingdom* in Britain or^re-	or	belonging to Great Britain, or toany kingdom

{and duty- or date in amity with his Majesty, his heirs, or feccefibrs* from free, from fo- any part or place whatfoever, corn and flour duty- fred \ and reign ftates in that it shall be lawful at any time or times before the faid twen-arnity with the ty fourth day of December, for any person or persons whatfe-_ ever, to import and bring into the kingdom of Ireland, in any {hip or veflel belonging to any kingdom or ftate in amity with his Majesty, his heirs, or fuccefiors, com and flour froth any port or place whaffoever; any adt or adis of parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.	And whereas it may become neceflary, in cafe of exigency, to export certain quantities of the commodities aforefeid, for the fapply and fuftentation of any forces in the pay of Greot Britain, jor of thofe of his Majesty’s allies, adting in fopport of In cafe of exl- the common caufe; be it provided and enacted by the authority igency, rhe aforefaid, That, in cafe of fuch exigency, it shall and may be King may lawful to and for his Majesty, at any time during the continu-btTx- ance °f ti'19 by ant* w*1^ the advice of his privy council, ported for the from time to time, to order and permit to be exported from fypply of for- Great Britain or Ireland* for the only ufe, fupply, and fuften-

,	tation

 CjOOQle

1758.] Anno tricesimo primo G&ORGH II. c. 2, 3.	199

Nation of the faid forces, Rich quantities of the aforefaid com- ces in bis pay, modifies as flial! be neceflary for that purpofe, and in Sk«|0ie manner, as his Majesty shall think fit to diredt ; any thing' in this or any other adk to the contrary in any wife notwith-fkandlng.

VI.	Provided always, That, during the continuance of this No bounty,to adk, the bounty or bounties granted by any law upon theexpor- be paid on tation of any of the commodities before-mentioned, shall not allowed or paid to any person upon the exportation thereof out^0 of this kingdom to any place whatfoever, or by whatfoever authority the fame maybe exported; anything in this or any other adk of parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. II.

An act for continuing and granting to bis Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thou-fand feven hundred and fifty eight.

CAP. III.

An a£t far allowing tbt importation of fetch fine Italian or-gamine filk into this kingdom from any port or place what-foever, as Jhall have been Jhipped on or before the d<ff therein mentioned.

WHEREAS by an adk pafled the laft session of parlia- Preamble, re- -mem, intituled. An act for the importation of fine organ* clause seined Italian thrown filk 5 it was (among other things) enacted,in ™ *oG,1# } that it should and might be lawful for any person or persons to import or bring into this kingdom from any port or place, or m any (hip or veffel whatfoever until the firft day of December, one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, organzmed thrown filk of the growth or produdtion of Italy; and that all fuch or-ganzined thrown filk as was allowed to be imported by the faid adk, wherefoever landed, (hould be brought to his Majefty's cuftom-houfe at London, to the intent mat no other fort of thrown (ilk might be imported than that allowed by the faid adk: and whereas, in pursuance of the faid adk, large quantities of fuch filk were bought and fent over land through Germany, and m all probability would have arrived at London feme time before the expiration of the faid adk, if the carnage thereof by land had not been protradked by rains and inundations in Italy \ and if the faid filk, when (hipped, had not been detained in port by ftorm and contrary winds, fo that the faid fiHc could not poflibly arrive before the time limited by the faid adk: and whereas the greateft part of the faid filk is, since that time, arri-▼ed in the river of Thames: and whereas, if the fame is not admitted to be entered, the persons, whofe property the faid filk is, will be great fufferers; be it therefore enadked by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fp.ritual and temporal, and Commons, in this prefcnt parliament aflembled, and by .the authority of the feme,

O4	That

200

Importation allowed of fuch fine Italian organzine lilk, as was Clipped on or before 30 Nov. 3757, under the regulations in the recited aft.

Preamble, reciting claufes in aft 11 and la WilL 3.

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 4,^8. [1758.

That it lhall and may be lawful to and for any peribn or per-fons to import and bring into this kingdom from any port or place, and in any (hip or veflcl whatfoever, all fuch fine organzine thrown filk of the growth or production of Italy, and of the quality deferibed by the faid act, ^as shall appear by the several bills of lading, and the oaths of the refpeftive captains, to have been (hipped on or before the thirtieth day of November} one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, under, and fubjeft to, fuch penalties and forfeitures as are in the faid a& mentioned 3 any thing in the faid recited aft, or any other law or ftafute, to the contrary notwithftanding.

GAP. IV.

An act for granting an aid to his tfajtfy by a land tax, to be railed in

Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty eight; and for inforcincr the payment of the rates to be aijfef-fed u^pn Somerfet Houfe in the Strand. Fourfldliings ih tbe found.

CAP. V.

An aft fpr punching mutiny and defertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

CAP. VI.

An act for the regulation of his Majesty’s marine forces while on fhore.

CAP. VII.

An act for appointing commissioners for putting in execution an aft of

this feQion of parliament, intitqled, M ad for granting ar\ aid to bis Ma-jefly, by a land tax to be rafed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty eight; and fir enforcing the payment of tkt ratet to be afjejftd upon Somerfet Houfe in the Strand; and for reftifying -a miitake in the laid aft; and tor allowing farther time to the recovers Of ceftaiij aids, for fitting infufer for monies in arrear.	\ , .

CAP. VIII/

An a£l for enlarging the terms and powers granted and can* tinued by several alls of parliament> for repairing the • harbour of Dover in the county of Kent.

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament made and patted in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of his late majefty King IViUiam the Third, intituled. An act for the repair pf Dover harbour, several rates and duties were charged upon coals, and upon (hips and vefiels, in order to raise a lum, not exceeding thirty thpufand one hundred pounds, to be applied /or repairing and perfecting the faid harbour of Dover, under fuch rates and directions, apd with fuch penalties and other provifions for the levying and recovering the fame, as are tfiere^ in mentioned, inferted, and contained 3 and which rates, ties, and provifions, were to take place and commence from the firft day of May, one thousand feven hundred, and to continue and be in force, until the firft day of May, one thousand feven hundred and nine 3 and by two fubfequgnt afts, one of them

made





1758-]. Anne tfiaifirfio pt+mo Georoii II. c. 8.	201

made id thefecond year ofrtta reign of her late majefty Queen * Anns.

aqd the other of them in «he fourth year of the reign of 4	1#

his late majefty King George she-Firft, were continued, and declared to be in force, until the firft day of Mayf one thqufand feven hundred and twenty (even: and whereas by an aft made and pafled in the ninth year of his late majefty King George the Firft, 9 Geo, t. intituled. An act for compUating the repairs of the harbour of Do* ver in the county of Kent; and for rejioring the harbour of Rye in the county of Suflex to its ancient goodnefs; after taking notice of the faid former afts relating to the harbour of Dover, and that it was found that the faid fum of thirty thousand one hundred pounds was not fufficient for the purposes of the faid former afts; and that unlefs a further fum was raifed, the (aid harbour could not be effeftually repaired and fecured, according to the intent of the faid former afts; but that the ufeful works then begun and carried on for the benefit of the publick, would be wholly loft, and the faid harbour again fall to decay, and the town itfelf.be in danger of being utterly loft and deftroyed; and affo reciting, that the ancient harbour of Rye was formerly of great ufe and benefit to trade and navigatibn, but the fame was then choaked up, and that it was neceuary to open the fame in fuch manner as (hould be found moft proper and expedient to reftore the faid harbour; it was therefore enafted. That tjie faid afts refpeftively made in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of King William the Third, and the second year of the reign of Queen Anne^ for the repair of Dover harbour, and every daufe, matter, or thing, in them, or either of them, contained, and not altered by the faid aft of the ninth year of King George the Firft, (hould continue, and be in full force and virtue, till the firft day of May, one thousand feven hundred and forty four, for the purposes in that and the faid former afts mentioned ; and that the duty of three pence per ton, granted by the (aid aft of the eleventh and twelfth years of King William the third, for the repair of Dover harbour, upon all lhtps and vef-fels therein deferibed, (hould, from the firft day of May<> one thousand feven hundred and twenty three, be collefted and received, in fuch manner, and by fuch officers and persons refpeftively, as in apd by the faid aft of the eleventh and twelfth of King William the Third, was direfted and appointed; and (hould be appropriated, divided, and paid, for the benefit of the faid harbour of Dover and Rye refpeftively, in manner following ; that is to fay, one third thereof to the treasurer for Dover harbour for the time being, to be applied to fuch ufes and pur-pofcs as in and by the faid former afts are direfted; and the other two thirds to the treasurer for the harbour of Ryey to be appointed as therein after is direfted: and whereas by an aft ,, qc0# 1# made in the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, the faid recited afts, and all the claufes, powers, penalties, and forfeitures, authorities, articles, rules, and direftions, therein contained andpreferibed, and then in force, (hould continue and Jrc in full force, and executed, from an*l after the expiration of

the



 

202	Ann6 trioeflmo prirao Gborgii II. o. 8.	[t 75*.

the term continued and granted by the faid a<ft ef the ninth year of the reign of his faid late majefty King George the Ffcrlt, for and during the further term of twenty one years, which term will expire the firft day of May one thoofand feten hundred and forty five, old ftile: and whereas the comifltiftonefs or troftees a&ing under the authority of the former a#s for the harbour of Dovers did borrow upon the credit of the feme a&s the sum of three thousand pounds, which hath been applied purfaant to the direfHons and for the purposes of the (aid former a&a, md for the repayment thereof With interdfy the rates and duties fo granted were charged and made a fccurity to the pferibft and persons who advanced and lent die faid fum, and the famedot£ foil remain due, and owing, and unfatisded: and whereas great progrefs hath been made in the works intended for the preferva-tioft and improvement of the harbour of Dover% buf the works propofed and dire&ed to be done for that purpofe have not been perfie&ed and cotnpleated : and whereas it would tend greatly to the prefervation of his Majesty’s (hips of war, and the pro-tedion and encouragement of the trade of this kingdom, that the faid harbour of Dover should be efle&ually repaired, and put in good order and condition, but the money arifing by the rates and duties granted and appropriated by the faid former of the ninth year of the reign of King George the Firft, for the repair of Dover harbour, will not be lufficient for that purpofe, and for difcharging the faid fum of three thousand pounds borrowed upon the credit of the former adb as aforefaid, unlefs the terms for which the faid rates and duties are granted by the faid former ads be enlarged, or feme other provifion be made in that behalf: may it therefore pleafe your Majesty that it may be cna&ed, and be it ena&ed by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi ritual r and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflem-t^e^rarcs °* and by the authority of the fame, That from and after granted by the expiration of the terms Continued and granted by the faid former atfs, aft paffed in the ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty, and continued tor by ^he faid a6t of the eleventh year of his present Majesty, one »i years. moiety of the rates and duties granted and continued by the faid former a&s, shall be granted and continued for the term of twenty one years, and shall be colle&ed and received in foch manner, and by fuch officers and persons refpe&ivdy, as was directed by the faid adt of King William the Third, with refped to the duties thereby granted $ and shall be applied for the benefit and fupport of the harbour of Dover, and for the cKfcharg-ing the faid fum of three thoufatid pounds, and fuch other money as shall hereafter be borrowed and taken up upon any mortgage for lecurity to be made of the duties applicable for the benefit of the fame harbour; and that all the provifions, powers, penalties and forfeitures contained in the faid former adte of King William the Third, King George the Firft, and his present Ma-tormei adts, jefty, fo far as they relate to the harbour of Dover (excepting expended for onty what concerns the fate of foe duties to be coftc&fcd, and

foe

Application

thereof.

The powers

and regulations of the



r75$*] Anno trtoefimo prime Georgii IL c. 9, to.	203

the divifkm of them into two parts, which is herein before other- the purposes wife provided for) shall be and continue in as full force as they °f this aft. flow are, by virtue of the faid ads, for and during the faid term of twenty one years, to commence from the expiration of of the faid former terms granted and continued by the faid ads.

II.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That Publick ad. this prerent ad shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick ad, and be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges* juftices, and other peribns whatfoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. IX.

An act to iftdtmnffy peribns who have omitted to qualify tbemfetves for . offices and employments j and to indemnify juftices of the peace, and others, who have omitted to regilter their qualifications within the time Cmited by law; aad for giving further time for thofe purpofes, and the ■ling of affidavits of articles of clerkfiiip.

Preamble, reciting the several qualifying ads of i Geo. i. 13 Car. 2. .

25 Car. a* 13 Car.2. 18 Geo. 2. 3©Geo. 2. Further time* to 28 Nov.

>758, allowed to peribns who have omitted to qualify themfeivea, as the laid Uwt dired. Peribns qualifying thcmfelvss in manner and within the time appointed, recapacitated and indemnified. Further time allowed for providing and damping ad millions into civil offices. Officers thereupon recapacitated, and indemnified. Offices, 6cc. already avoided by judgement of a court, and filled up. confirmed. Provifb.

CAP.X.

An att for the encouragement of feamen employed in the royal navy; and for eJiabUjhing a regular method for the punSualy frequent^ and certain payment of their wages; and for enabling them more eaftly and readily to remit the fame for the fupport of their wives and families; and for preventing frauds and abufes attending fuch payments.

WHEREAS the encouragement of feamen employed in the? reamble.

royal navy% will greatly tend to augment the marine forte of this realm, whereon, under the good providence and protection of Goa, the fecurity of thefe kingdoms, end the fupport and prefervation of tbeir trade and commerce, do mojl immediately depend: and whereas by an aft made in the firjl year of the reign of his present Majefiy, Aft , Geo. %. intituled, An act for granting an aid to his Majefiy, of five hundred thousand pounds, towards difcharging wages due to fea-xnen ; and for the confiant, regular, and punftual payment of Teamens wages for the future ; and for appropriating the fup-plics granted in this present feflion of parliament; and for dif-pofing of the furplus of the money granted for half pay, for the year one thousand (even hnndred and twenty feven; and by another aft alfo made in the firjl year of the reign of his present Majejly) Aft j Geo. ». mtituledy An act for encouraging feamen to enter into his Ma-jefty’s fervice *, several provifms and regulations wen wafted and preferibedy for the benefit and encouragement of the feamen employed in the royal nervy, and for preventing frauds and abufes in purchasing their ytages or pay; which provifms and regulations) from various .

 

204

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. io. [1758.

ous difficulties in carrying the fame into execution, have been found, in a great mcalhre, in effectual to anfwer the purposes thereby intended: and whereas the ejlabli/hing a regular method for the punftual, frequent, and certain payment of the wages or pay due to inferior officers and fiamen employed in the royal navy; the enabling fuck officers and Jeamen more eafily and readily to obtain fuck payments,- and to allot and remit any part thereof for the fupport and relief of their v)ives and families; and the preventings as far as may be, the un-wary, the ignorant, or the neceffitous, from being defrauded and injured by the extortion and ufury of wicked and evil-deftgning persons, are of the utmojl confequcnce to the publick ferviee; therefore, for effectuating thefe important and compaflionate purpofes, be it enaded by the King-s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the autho-Volanteer,en- rity of the fame, That from and after the firft day of November, teringhis one rhopfand feven hundred and fifty eight, if any Teaman, or Dr™%Woffic*r able-bodied landman, shall freely and voluntarily come before proper o , an(j enter namc wJth any commiflion officer or officers erf the fleet, to be appointed for entering fuch volunteers, in order to ferve in, or on board, any of the (hips of veflels of his Majesty, Jiis heirs, or fucceflors, then fitting out for fea, or that and receiving shall be in want of men, and shall receive a certificate of his fo thereof^6 ^°*nS fr°m, fuch commiffion officer or officers (who is or are * hereby directed and required to make out and give fuch certificates, without fee or reward, and duly to date the fame) and if fuch person shall forthwith proceed towards fuch (hip or vef-fel, and shall make his perfonal appearance on board the Tame, and appearing within the fpace of fourteen days from the day of the date of ecTtirne on™*’	certificate, fiiclufive of the day of the date thereof, if the

boanTthTfhip place where he fo enters his name be not above one hundred in which he is miles dirtant from the port where fuch (hip or veflel lies ; or to ferve, within the fpace of twenty days, if it be at a greater diftance ; is intitlcd to or within the fpace of thirty days, if the place where he foen-^aegdate°o? ters name above two hundred miles diftant; then, and in hif certificate; fuch ca^e> every fuch person shall be and is hereby declared to and to be paid be, intitlcd to wages from the day of the date of fuch certificate, .eondud mo- inclufive of the day of the dare thereof, and shall alfo be allowed	ec* t^lc conclu& money, and shall be paid an advance of two

tw^months mont^s wages at the firft fitting out of fuch (hip or veflel, and wages. before fuch (hip or veflel in which he shall ferve lfiall proceed to fea.

II. And for remedying the many ineonveniencies, mifiakes, and hard-/hips, which arife from bearing any feamen or able-bodied landmen on board of his Maje/ly's /hips, for any length of time, as fupernumera-ries, for vifimh only, be it further enaded by the authority a-Men borne on foreraid> That from and after the fa id firft day of November, books as fu- everY feaman, or able-bodied landman, who shall be entered on pernumera- the books of any (hip or veflel belonging to his Majesty, hi$ ries, arc in- his heirs, or fucceflors, as fupernumerary to the complement titled to 0f fuch (bip op veflel, lhall he bgrne for, .and imitlqd to, his wages, «c.	yvages,

 

1758.] Anno tricesimo primo Georg 11II. c. 10.	205

wages, upon th$ books of the firft, and of every other (hip or on board the veflel in which he shall ferve for the fpace of ten days, and (hall	ej^

receive all other benefits and advantages as if he were part of foalTferve m the complement thereof.	for 10 days,

III.	Provided always. That where fuch fearoan, or able-bo- &c*

died landman, shall have been lent from any (hip or veflel be- Men lent from longing to his Majesty, his heirs, or fucceflors, to any other another* are to fuch (hip or veflel, fuch feaman, or able-bodied landman, shall be borne on continue to be borne for, and intitled.to, his wages, upon the the (hip's books of fuch (hip or veflel from which he shall have been fo lent, until he shall be regularly difcharged from thence, and in till dif-no other; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith- charged, landing.

IV.	And be it further enacted by the authority afore fa id. Inferior of-That from and after the faid firft day of November, in cafe any ficeror ^ inferior officer or feaman shall be turned over from one fliip or

veflel in the fervice of his Majesty, his heirs, or fucceflors, into ther (hip, any other fuch (hip or veflel, either by order from the lord Jhigh admiral of Great Britain, or from the commiflioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, or any three or more of them, or by order from any commander in chief of any fquadron of fuch (hips or veflels, in any port of (hal^be or? Great Britain, or on the coaft of the fame, every fuch officer come into any and feaman, in cafe fuch (hip or veflel, into which he shall be port of Great: fo turned over, shall be in or shall come into anyjport of Great Britain, wtatt Britain where any commiflioner of the navy shall be or refide,

(hall be paid, by proper pay lifts to be made our, aft the wages vy (ball be, which shall appear to be auc to him in the (hip or veflel from is to be paid which he shall be fo turned over, before the (hip or veflel, into thc wages due which he shall be turned over, shall proceed to fea; unlefs it (^h (hip goes' shall be otherwife dire&ed by fpecial order from thc lord high t0 fea> . admiral of Great Britain, or from the commiflioners for executing unlefs by the .the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, or any three or admiralty it more of them, in cafes of the greateft exigency only: and	-

fuch (hip or veflel, in pursuance of the faid order, shall proceed m which cafe, to fea before fuch payment can poffibly be made, then the faid he is to be wages (ball be paid as foon as ever fuch (hip or veflel shall come P^d as (bona* again into any fuch port of Great Britain where any com- flnp re“

turns imo

miffioner of the navy shall be or refide as aforefaid.	p0rt a^aill>

V. Provided always, and be it further enatfted by the autho- Perfonsturned rity aforefaid. That in cafe any officer or feaman shall be turn- over, are to be ed over from one (hip or veflel in the fervice of his Majesty, bis rated, and heirs or fucceflors, into any other fuch (hip or veflel 5 then, and [^mer .,in fuch cafe, fuch officer or feaman, fo turned over, shall not tormcr ip* ferve or be rated in a worfe quality, or lower degree or ftation, than he Served in or was rated for in the (hip or veflel from which and to be paid he was turned pver; and (hallreceive, over and above fuch wages tj'c,rJa8ie3 as shall then be due to him, an advance of two rqotyhs wages, two*months"

.before thc (hip or veflel into which he shall be fojutn^cJ overpay in ad-• shall proceed to fea, in cafe he shall not havefcccivcd fech ad- vance, it none

» be received

vance

before.

 L,ooq le

206	Anno tricesimo primo GeoRGH If. c. 10.	[1^58-

vance in any of the (hips or veflels from which he shall be fo turned over.

VI. And, to the intent that all arrears of feamens wages, and their growing wages, may be conjlantly, regularly, and punctually paid ; be it farther enacted by the authority aforefeid, That from and out of fuch monies as have been or shall be granted in this feflion of parliament, for the fervice of the navy; and alfo Monies are to'from and out of all fuch fupplies as shall be hereafter granted in be appropri- parliament, for any naval fervices, fuch fums of money (hall, in the firft place, be appropriated, and (hall, from time to time, be ilTued and applied, as shall be fuffident for the conftant, regular, and punctual payment of all tickets that shall be made out in the manner herein after direCed, for the wages or

ated and iflued, in the firft place, out of the

grants for	^

naval fervices, due t0 zny officer or feaman; and alfo for the conftant, regul the regular an(* Pun(^ua* difeharge of all wages orj>ay now due, or to grow

payment of feamens tickets,

U,

pay twelve months, or more, and lie

due, upon any (hip’s books, to any officer or feaman employed in the royal navy, in manner following; that is to fay, That -	. from time to time, and at all times, from and after the (aid firft

fhail be in lea ^ay November, when and fo often as any of the (hips or veflels of his Majesty, his heirs, or fucceflors, shall have been in fea pay twelve whole months, or more, if fuch (hip or veflel shall then be, or shall arrive, in any port of Great Britain, or on the thePcoaft0of0,, coa^ l^erco^ ^ captain or commander of fuch (hip or vefle! Great Britain, shall immediately make out, or caufe to be made out, fivecom-the captain is* plete pay books for all the officers and feamen belonging to the to make out faid (hip or veflel, for all the time that fuch (hip or veflel (hall

fexce *tfor the ^avc ^ecn *n ^ca PaY> excePl tbe fix months; to which laft^months)	videlicet, the laft fix months, the wages due upon all fuch

. (hips or veflels are hereby intended to be cleared; and shall them^ithi f°rt^with fend or tranfmit, by the firft fafe opportunity, fuch alphabets, and Pay books, together with three alphabets, and a (lop book, to a (lop book, the commiflioners of the navy, at their board; and whenfoever or as foon as any fuch (hip or veflel, having been twelve whole months or more in fea pay as aforefaid, shall be or arrive in any port of Great Britain where any commiflioner of the navy shall be or refide, the faid commiflioners of the navy, at their board.

to the navy board.

On the (hip’s arrival where

a com million- are hereby ftriCly directed and required to follicit fuch fums of money as shall be fufficient, and as foon as the fame shall be iflued, to caufe immediate payment to be made of all the wages due upon the faid pay books as aforelaid, to all fuch officers and feamen, their executors or adminiftrators, or to the refpedfive attorney or attornies of fuch officers or feamen, their executors or adminiftrators duly authorized as is herein after directed, deducing thereout whatever monies shall have been paid before by way of advance, or that shall ftand againft them in the books of fuch (hips or veflels, on account of any defalcation; leaving always fix months wages, and no more, due to fuch officers and feamen for their fervice in fuch (hip or veflel, unpaid and in arrear: and whenever any of the (hips or veflels of his Majesty, his heirs, or fucceflors, shall return home in order to be laid up, all the wages dua to the officers and feamen ferving on

board

er is, money is to be foli-cited, and payment immediately to be made.

deducing ad. vance money and defaica* tion.

Ships laid up are to be paid off within % months.



175®*] Anno tricefimopritnoGEOROii II. c. io.	207

board of any fiich (Up or veflel, fhill bo entirely paid off as foon as may be, or within two months at fartheft after the arrival of fuch(hip or veffel in the port where the fame is de-figned to belaid up: and it is herebv declared. That the compu-tatipn of the feid month’s wages mall be by reckoning twenty eight davs to the month, according to the ufual courfe or practice of the navy.

VII.	And whereas inferior officers and feamen art frequently ab~ jent% either ivitb the leave of the commending officer, or upon duty, at the time of the payment of the Jbip or veffel to which they belong; therefore, for enabling fuch officers or feamen to receive their wages or pay with as little delay as poffible; be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid firft day of u appjjca. November*, whensoever and as often as any application shall be tl£n to the made to the cornrnaffioaers of the navy, at their board, by any navy board, fiich inferior officer or feaman, who (halL then be in the (ervice ^ie Pay books of h» Majesty, his heirs, or fiicccffors, and who shall have	ant

been fo abfent at the payment of the (hip or veffel whereunto he comnuflioner, did belong as aforefaid, or from the captain or commander of for paying off any fhip or veffel of his Majesty, his heirs, or fucceffors, on fuch m«n thc^ board of which foefa officer or feaman shall then ferve, in cafe la” ^a,["alvc® fuch (hip or veffer shall be in any port where any commiffioner been abfcnt at of the navy shall be or rafale 5 then the commissioners of the the payment navy, at their board, ffiall immediately, upon fuch application, of thc (hip. caufe the pay books of fuch fhip or veffel fo paid, or pay lifts for hick officers and feamen fo unpaid made out from them, to be font, without any delay, to the commiffioner of the navy at the port where (uph (hip or veffel shall be to which fuch officers or feamen shall then belong 4 and fuch commiffioner of the navy fluarfl forthwith caufe payment to be made to the faid officers and feamen of the wages or pay which they were entitled to receive on the payment of fetch (hip or veffel, as aforefaid.

VIII.	And whereas many inconveniencies and frauds have arifen far went af a proper regulation with refpeSl to making out, and to the payment of the tickets of inferior officers and feamen; be it therefore cnadled by the authority aforefaid. That from and upon the after the faid firft day of November, if any inferior officer or death of an feaman shall die in the fervice of his Majesty, his heirs, or fuc- inferior otfi-ceffors, the captain or commander of the (hip or veffel in which tJe captafaTs* fuch officer or feaman ferved at the time of his death, (hall, as t0 mak/out * foon as may be after his death, make out a ticket for the wages ticket for his oc pay due to fuch officer or feaman at the time of his death 5 Pay* aPd which ticket the faid captain or commander shall fign himfelf, and shall caufe to be (igned by the proper figning officers of navy board; fuch (hip or veffel, and shall fend or tranfmit the faid ticket fo for the ufe of made out and figned as aforefaid, by the firft fafe opportunity, the executors, to the commissioners of the navy, at their board, for the ufe of the executors or adminiftratOrs of fuch officer or feaman : and Hay of re-the (aid commissioners of the navy shall immediately caufe the ceipttobe today of the receipt of fuch ticket to be mdorfed thereon; and ^r.\ndthe* fuch ticket feiall be forthwith examined and (hall, by three or ticket to be

more examined, and

 v^ooqLc

aligned for payment;

and to be delivered to the executors,

and the money paid.

Captain to report inferior officer or fea^ man fit to be

20$	Anno	ti^cefimo	primo	Georgii	IL	c.	io.	[1758.

more of the faid commissioners of the navy, be affigned rfpr payment as foon as may be, or within one month at fartheft, to be computed from the day of the making fuch indorferaeat j and the faid ticket being fo aligned for paymentr (hall, without any fee or reward whatfoever,ne. delivered* upon demand, to the executors or adminiftrators of fuch officer or feaman, or to their refpe&ive attorney or attornies, to be duly authorized as is herein after directed ; and, the money due thereon fhall, without any fee or reward whatfoever, be paid to fuch executors or adminiftrators, or to their refpe&ive attorney or attornies as aforefaid, a$ fpon as fuch ticket ftiall be brought to the-pay office of the navy.

IX.	And be it further eoaded by the authority afore&id. That from and after the faid firft day of November, when and fo often as any inferior officer or feaman, in the fervice of bis diich ed a* Majesty, his heirs, <or fucceflors, (hall, by wounds, ficknefe, or unferviceable; anY other majpieft infirmity, be disabled and rendered uafervice-’ able, in cafe fuch officer or,feaman shall be on board of any (hip or veftel which shall then be in any port of Great Britain, or on the coaft thereof, or which shall belong to any fquadron of his Majesty’s (hips or veflels which shall not be in any port of Great Britain, or on the coaft thereof, the captain or commander of fuch fhip or veftel, shall reprefent the feme to the commander in chief of any fquadron of his Majesty’s (hips or veflels, 'yvho is hereby direded carefully to inquire into, and to examine the fame; and if he shall be fully fatisfied thereof, fuch commander in chief shall order fuch captain or commander to difeharge fuch officer or feaman, and to make out and fign, in the ufual form, a, ticket for the wages or pay then due to fuch officer or feaman; or if fuch (hip or veftel shall not be many port of Great Britain* or on the coaft thereof, and shall not belong to any fquadron of (hips or veflels of his Majesty, his heirs, or fucceflors, or shall be feparated from the commander in chief of any fquadron to which fuch (hip or veftel shall belong, then the captain or commander of fuch (hip or veftel, being fully fatisfied of fuch dife-bility, shall difeharge fuch officer or feaman, and shall make out fuch ticket without the direction of any fuch commander in chief, and shall ftgn the fame himfelf, and caufe it to be figoed by the proper figning officers, as aforefaid: and whenever any fuch officer or feaman, fo difabled and rendered unferviceable, (h^ll be difeharged, and fuch ticket shall be fo made out for fiich officer or feaman, and shall be figned in the manner herein be-and deliver to fore dire&ed, fuch captain or commander (hall, at iho fame him accrtifi- time,, grant and deliver to fuch officer or feaman, without fee or reward, a certificate of his difeharge, containing an cxa&^copy of the £ld ticket, and a defeription of the person for whom luch ticket was fo made out ; which ticket shall not, upon any account or pretence whatfoever, be delivered to fuch officer or feaman, but fuch captain or commander shall fend or tranfinit the fame, by the firft fafe opportunity, to the commissioners of the navy, at their board, for the ufe of fuch officer pr. feamanj

and

and upon dif-c!wrgq.grant-*o make o^t a ticket tor his pay.

cate of his dilcharge,

but tranfinSt the tioket to the navy board;



i758*I Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. to.	2°9

and the find commiflioners shall immediately caufe the day when ?rh<JarF to/n-r they shall receive fuch ticket to be endorfed thereon, and fuch ticket (haU be forthwith examined, and (hall, by three or more thereon,and of the (aid commiflioners, be afiigned for payment, as foon as examine the may be, or within one month at fartheft from the day of the ticket, and maxing of fuch endorfcment: and in cafe fuch officer or feaman p* Vn/** shall prcfcnt the find certificate of his difeharge at the navy of- an a"# preface, the faid commiflioners of the navy, or any of them, shall fentment be forthwith examine the faid certificate, and the person prefenting made of the the fame, and being finished that the faid certificate was made £he are^o out for the laid perfon, and that he is rendered unferviceable, examine, and shall fign and teftify the fame on fuch certificate; and the faid fign the fame, ticket, being fo afligned for payment, (hall, without any fee or fatisfied reward whatfoever, bfi immediately delivered to fuch officer or J^jiddiv 1 feaman to whom fuch certificate of difeharge shall have been *hc ticket** granted as aforefaid, and to no other person whatfoever, and the thereupon to money due thereon (hall, without any fee or reward, be paid the owner, to fuen officer or feftman, and to no other person whatfoever, as and th? mo* loon as fuch ticket shall be brought to the pay office of the navy; p*fd 0 e or if the laid ticket shall not have been tranfmitted to, and re- if the ticket ceived by the faid commiflioners of the navy, at their board, be not tranf. then the faid certificate shall be forthwith examined as aforefaid, mittFd ?r . and the money appearing to be due on the faid ticket, by the	*

copy thereof contained in the faid certificate, shall be paid to alone, when the person producing the fame, as aforefaid, and to no other examined, &c. person whatfoever, in like manner as if the faid original ticket18 fuffic*ent. had been tranfmitted and received : and in cafe any officer or jf the certifi-feaman, fo difeharged, shall be defirous to receive his wages or cate be prepay at any port of Gnat Britain where a commiffioner of the fcnted to a navy shall be or refute, and shall present to fuch commiffioner the certificate of his difeharge *, the faid commiffioner upon ex-	Great

amining fuch certificate, and the person fo prefenting the fame, Britain, he is and being fatisfied that the faid certificate was made out for the to examine faid perfon, and that he is rendered unferviceable, shall fign and and teftify the lame on fuch certificate, and tranfmit fuch certi- therewith^ ficate to the commiflioners of the navy, at their board, who are and tranfmit 9 hereby ftridHy charged and required, within four days after the it to the navy receipt of fuch certificate, to caufe the ticket made out and tranfmitted to them for fuch officer or feaman, and affigned for der payment as aforefaid ; or if fuch ticket shall not have been tranf- to be made * mitted to, and received by them, then the faid certificate, con- thereupon at tabling a copy of the faid ticket, inftead thereof; to be fent to fuch P°rt» the faid commiffioner of the navy at fuch port, who shall caufe the money due thereon to be immediately paid at fuch port, to fuch officer or feaman applying for the fame, and intitled thereto, without any fee, reward, of deduction whatfoever; and the *nd the com-commiffioner of, the navy at fuch port where fuch certificate shall be fo prefented, shall fend fuch officer or feaman, fo pre- j^led man,1 * Tenting the fame, with an order to the neareft hofpital, who with an order, shall receive fuch officer or feaman, and vi&ual him from the to the nearrft. Vot. XXII.	P	time	hofP,ul»t,u

no	Anno fticdhno prima G£OJ*gh B. no. [i758.

Payment of time he (hail present fetch certificate, until be shall be fo paid his wages. the wages or pay due to him as afondaid.

If the certifi* X. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the cate ibottkl be authority aforefaid, That incafe any fitch certificate herein before loft ordeftroy. dirc&ed tb be granted and delivered to inch inferior officer or cd>	feaman, fo difcharged, on account of bong rendered unfisrvice-

able, as aforefaid, should happen to be Ion or deftroyed; or if or the perfbn any fuch officer or feaman (houkl not appear in peefotv and pm* and present ^ent ^amc to t*ie commissioners of the navy, at their board, the fame, or to the commiflioncr of the navy at any fuch port in Groat Britain, as aforefaid ; in either of which caies, the wages or pay due to fuch officer or feaman, would not be payable by virtue or the money of the faid ticket fo made out for him; or if the veages or pay due on the due upon fuch ticket, shall not be paid before the general pay-oaidlbefore* ment 0* t^lc	co®PanT i then, and in every iuchcafe, Che

the general fyd commiflioners of the navy, at their board, shall caufe feich payment of ticket to be cancelled, and all fuch wages or pay shall accrue and the (hip; the become payable to fuch officer or feaman, his executors or ad* cancdleV°and m,n*ftrators*> to rcfpe&ivc attorney or attormes of? fech the wages to 0^cer or teaman, his executors or adminiftrators, demanding be paid to the the fame, and duly authorized as is herein after dice&od, when executors,&c. the wages or pay due upon fuch (hip or vefTel (ball be paid, in the manner preferibed by this a€k> and as if (uch ticket and certificate had never been made out or granted ; any thing herein contained, or any law or ufege to the contrary, notwkkftandiQg. Captain to XI. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, make out tick That from and after the faid firft day of November^ when and tickets for fo often as any inferior officer or feaman belonging to any (hip ihofe fet a- & ve(fci of his Majesty, his heirs, or fucccfibrs, (had, by order tranfrn^thc the captain or commander of fuch (hip or vefic), be fet fick ftme with the afliore, and be fent into any hofpilal, or fick quarters, for- bis fick per feu i to recovery, fuch captain or commander (ball, at the fame time, •the hofpital; make out a fick ticket for the wages or pay then due to fuch officer or feaman, and shall fign the fame himfelf, and caofe it to be figned by the proper figning officers as aforefaid; which fick ticket being fo made out, and figned, shall be tranfeniued along with fuch officer or feaman to fuch hofpital or fick qnar* ters : and if fuch officer or feaman not being cured in fuch hospital, or fick quarters, shall be regularly difeharged from thence artdifanybt ag unferviceable, then a certificate of feich difeharge, together unferviccabk, w**h t^e ^ fick ticket annexed thereunto, shall be granted and n certificate * delivered to him $ and in cafe he shall present the ume to the thereof, with commiGioner of the navy that shall be or refide at any port in the fick ticket Great Britain, fuch comirnffioner of the navy, upon examining beTranted t0 ^ie Per^)n patenting the fame, and being duly fatisfied thnt^he him j	1S rendered unferviceable, shall fign and teftify the feme on fuch

which being certificate, and shall forthwith tranftnit fuch certificate, together prerented to a with the faid lick ticket annexed thereunto, to the comtnifitoaers Mo^cned tllc nav>’» at *b«r hoard, who are hereby ftrhftly charged and by him, S' fa- required immediately to caufe the day when they (haM reome Htficd there, the feme to be indorfed thereon, and fuch certificate and lick

ticker

 LjC lie

175^1 Aota triMftm ptima Gacmoci it c*kx	in

ticket afidernttriterewHo, to be ewtmimd by the tnufter books, w'thi and if received, and a proper ticket Of pay “f* iB. th!£Urta,Il f°rm’ wtofiticket to be m*drout within nor days after the gecetpt of fetch aerti- tHe nary fibaw and fid&MkeC, for the payment all stages or pay duo board, who to fach offices or fownari; and shall fend fuch ticket- or pay lift are toexamine without skny delayto- the laid commiflioner of the navy at fuch *nd'ndorfe , port, who (hall, without any fee or reward whatfbever, caufe	a.

the raonoydue thereon to be immediately paid to fuch. officer pay lift, or teaman, applying for the fame, and mtitled thereunto j who aml tj,e party notwithftatlding fitch difehatge, shall be kept and maintained in jJt0bekeptin fuchhofpitaf, or fick quarters* from the time he shall present fick quarters fuch certificate and fick ticket annexed thereunto, until he shall till payment, ha for paid the wages or pay due to him, as aforefaid.

Xn. Providod always, and it is- hereby further ena&ed by Payment of the authority aforefaid. That in cafe the tnufter books or pay tickets, cer-books for any fuch (hip or veffel shall not be regularly tranf-	°not

nutted to* and received by, the commissioners of the navy, in tPQ be delayed, the manner herein before preferibed* yet the payment of the for want of the tickfets, or certificates containing copies thereof, or pay lift*, mufleror pay herein before direded to be made out or granted, shall not be |^dSuiy°fCn^ delayed or poftponed for fuch omiffion; but if any error, to the ^ the navy detriment of the publick treafure, shall be made in any fuch board, ticket^ or certificate containing a copy thereof, or pay lifts, by If error be -the captain or commander ifiuing or making out the feme, the ^cke^the^ left arifing by fbch error (hail be made good and coropenfatod iofs t9Q out of any wagesor pay due or to grow due to. fuch captain or made good out commander by whom* fuch ticket, or certificate, or pay lift,.of the cap-was ib made out or granted as aforefaid.	tain'#

X1H; And, m order to enable inferior officers and feamen	\\

employed abroad tio remit any part of their wages or pay for the fuppott-of their wives and families, without any expence or delay,; and free from ufurious oppreffions v be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the (aid firft day If a (hip, nbt of November^ when and fo often as any fuch (hip or veflel which on .the coaft» fttall not be in any port of Great Britain, or on the coaft there- Q^^B^ritein (ball have twelve months wages or pay due, the captain or fhal^be in fea* commander of fuch (hip or veflfel shall read over, or caufe to be pay twelve read over, in a diftindt audible manner, the names of all the months, inferior officers and feamen belonging to fuch (hip or veflel, and	11

(hall caufe every fuch officer and feaman to anfwer to his name; /hip’Tcrew to and shall do the femey from time to time, at the end of every be called over, fix months, as kmg as fuch (hip or veflel shall have twelve months, or more, wages or pay due as aforefaid : and if any an(j	any

fuch officer or feaman (bah thereupon declare by word of mouth, dial! defire to or deliver in writing, the name and place of abode of his wife, remh hi* wa*-father, or mother, and defire that the whole, or any part, Gf scs to I11®*’1** his wages or pay then due (except the wages or pay that shall 9rpar^ s* * be due for the laft fix months of his service on beard ftich (hip or vefiel) should be allotted and paid to his feid wife, father, or mothery by the receiver general of the land tax for any county, riding, of city* in Gn^t Britain^ or by the coiletfor of the euf-^ .

Pa	toms





212

Anno trkfefimo prttmGEORQir il; c*K>f, (^^5®-

toms for any port, or collector ofth< excifet far any cpUe&ion in Gnat Britain* or by the clerk of fee cheque ht any of his the captain is Majesty’s dock yirds; then, and in fuch cate* tbe^cuptaifr hr * rcr bib of°" commandcr of fuch (hip or veflel is hereby ftridUy^j^ufreA aich persons ant* enjoined to caufe four lifts to be made,out, w^chfhaJI to be made contain the names of all fuch inferior officers *ndjwm$n as out,	(hall be defirous to remit to their wives, fathers, pinmothers,

the whole, or any part, of their wages or pay,' except for the laft fix months of their fervice as aforefaid ; in which liftsfr thy a-mount of the wages or pay fo defired to be paid, the name4and place of abode of fuch officer or Teaman’s wife, father, or kno-ther, to whom fuch wages or pay are to be remitted and paid, and the receiver .general of the land tax, colk&or of the coftoms, collector Of the excite9, or clerk of the cheque, by whom fuch wages are to be made payable, shall be fpecified and deferibed in three feparate diftindt columns, oppofite to the nametrftfuch which are to officer or teaman, in the faid lifts; and every fuch officer or fea-be figned by man who shall fo defire that any fuch part of his wages ^or pay prope/offi!' maY ** ^^ottc<* anc^ Pa>^ to his wife, father, or mother, <hall cert, and write his name, or make his mark, in a feparate diftind column tranfnrittc^i to in the faid lifts; which lifts shall be forthwith compleated, and Jb* ”avy	hy	the captain or commander, and proper figning officers

*KW^d, of fuch (hip or veflel; and fuch captain or commander shall tranfmit the faid lifts, by the firft (afe opportunity, without any negledt or delay whatfoever, to the commissioners of the navy, at their board : and the faid commissioners, upon receiving'fuch lifts wherein any fuch allotment shall be made by any filch tnfe-wbo are to r*or °®cer or* teaman, of any fuch part of his wages or pay,* to make out two his wife, father, or mother, (nail immediately make out,orcaufe bUU, dupli- to be made out, two bills for every fuch allotment; which biffs catei, for fuch shall be duplicates, and joined together with oblique rmek^dd-ftUotiutnts, fj(hes, or devices, in fuch manner as the faid commfffioh^s,^ which are to any three or more of them, shall think proper; and; fltirflbe bo fnade/pay- made payable to the wife, father, br mother, refpfe<$$vdWJof ^tc^c^du)gfuch inferior officer or teaman, by the receiver general Or the pointm^t ia land tax, colledtoi'of the cuftoms, colledVor of the'fo&ift* :6r the lfits, clerk of the cheque, refpe&ively, according to theappolhtfkieht and figned by *n	bills,	being	numbered1	antP dated,

three com- 7 shall be figned by any three commissioners of the navyiv*a&be ^nilfiontrs. written or printed according to the^following form Vi 1 - ^

A. N° I.	Navy	Gf&Jfe.	-	^	-

sir, 1 •:

thuwvy

hi | pradututg tk* 4u-

_	„	\der	the	hatids	of

nijier and eh'urch war dens, or, in that part of Great Britain fttihd Scotland, under the hands ofthe minijler and two elders if the pa-

n':Jb

The form; "DAY to B.D. of.

r	r w^e a

:	»/	..	{2£{»/E-D.

to	bis	Majeftf t upon

plicate hereof,	with	a	certificate,	m



213

Annotrioefimo primoGBdxon II. c. io.

tijh where iWfrlAjt B. D. |	|	that	the	B.	p.	to	the

beft tf.tbtjr ht/wltdgt	and	belief,is the -j ^ E.

D. tbefumof	being	on	account	of	the wages of the

find E. D. if the fame JhaH be demanded within fix calendar months from thi date hereof \ otherwife you are to return this bill to the treasurer of the navy, at the pay office of the navy.

The receiver gene-! rfcl of the land ‘tax ofthe county

of ' ’ : : '

The collator of the To ' aiftoms at the

‘pent of The <olleflor of the exdfeat v The clerk of the {^che^ueat

By virtue of the aft of the thirty firfi George the Second.

Commijfioners the navy .

N. B. The perfonating or falfely affuming the name anicharafter of the, wife *r relation of any inferior officer or feaman, or procuring any other to do the fame, in order to receive wages due to fuch Officer or feaman , is made felony without benefit of clergy, by thirty firjl George the Second•

And as icon as the faid bills shall be fo made out and figned, xhe bills to be the laid commiffioner* of the navy shall caufe them to be cut cut out in-afunder, iodentwife, through the oblique lines, flouri(hesf or dentwife j and devices; and shall caufe one of the faid bills to be tranfmitted one to beJent forthwith to the person nominated and fpecified in fuch lifts as the wife, father, or mother, of fuch officer or feaman, and the other of the .faid bills to be tranfmitted forthwith to the faid re- and the other ceivcr general of the land tax, collector of the cuftoms, collector t6 the person of the excife, or clerk of the cheque, on whom fuch bill shall be fo drawn as aforefaid: and the faid receiver general of the land up<^ prefent-tax, collector of the cuftoms, collector of the excife, and clerk of ment of the the cheque, if the faid duplicates of fuch bill shall be produced duplicate and and delivered to either of them refpe&ively within fix calendar ^jj.^*** months from the date thereof, are hereby required and enjoined	and

to examine fuch duplicate, together with the certificate to be examination produced as aforefaidj and to enquire into the truth thereof, by of the troth the oath of the person producing the fame; which oath they are certified on hereby relpedtively authorized and directed to adminifter; and ^ mo-upon being duly iatisfied of the truth of fuch certificate, to tef- * ’ t0 be " tify thc fame on the back of fuch bill; and shall immediately paid; pay to the wife, father, or mother, of fuch officer or feaman, without fee or reward on any pretence whatever, the fum con-

r 3	tained



2i4	Anno	t£odftmo	fthtJoGeaWHi	It	(^^9^

tained in fech bill, taking hit or her fecc^foCtbe famexm

and the bill the back thereof; which bill fo paW,> upon being produced and and duplicate delivered, together wiflh the duplicate thereof, at the navy rf-to be returned foe, shall be immediately affigntd for payment bytbtecormore board, and^e- commissioners of the navy ; and {hail (be immediately-repaid by paid by the ' the treasurer of the navy, to fuch receiver general of the land treafurer. tax, collector of the cuftoms, collector of the excife, clerk of the cheque, or to the order of any fuch receiver general, collector of the cuftoms, collector of,the exoife, hr derfc of the If thedupli- cheque refpeCtively : but in cafe the duplicate of ftidh bill shall cate and cer- not be produced and delivered, and the payment thereof be ** not demanded, within fix calendar months from the dafothtqraf, within fix C# 01 if a proper certificate of the person claiming to be the wifr, months, father, or mother, of fuch officer or feaman, be not like wife produced, then the faid receiver general, collector of'‘the toms, colledtor of the excife, or desk of the cheque, shall return fuch bill to the treasurer of the navy, at 'the pay Office of the navy, who shall caufe fuch bill to be immediately cancelled; the bill is to and from and after the cancelling thereof, the fum contained be returned to \n fuch bill shall accrue and become payable to fuch inferior of-ofth7navy,r **ccr or k3111311 f°r whofe wages or pay it was made out, or to and cancelled j his executors or adminiftrators, or Co the refpe&ive attorney or and the mo- attornies of fuch officer or feaman, his executors or adminiftta-ney to be paid tors, demanding fhe fame, and duly authorized as is herein Jta wlm ffie a^tcr hefted, without any fee, reward, or dcduSiori whatfo-(hip i$ paid, ever, when the wages or pay due upon fuch (hip or veffel shall be paid, in the manner prefcribed by this aft.

XIV.	And, for the better enabling Inferior officers and fea-men, upon payment being made to them of their wages or pay in the manner hereby before directed, to remit any part thereof to their wives, children, or parents, or to fuch otner person as they shall judge proper; be it further enadled by the authority Bills to be aforefaid. That from and after the faid firft day of November, made out, &c. when and fo often as any wages or pay due to fuch inferior in like man- office,. or feaman shall be paid at the pay office of the navy, or nSn,* at the" anY °?**** cut Ports5‘in the manner before prefcrfbfed, irfuch time of re- officer or feaman shall defire to receive a bill for the whole, or ceiving bis for any part of his faid wages or pay, to be drawn upon the *e-pay, shall de.	general	of	the land tax for any county, riding, or city*'in

any part™1 Great Britain,or upon any collector of the customs for arty ^drt, thereof to his or collector of the excife tor any colleftion in GreOTBritain, or wiffe, children, upon the Clerk of the cheque at any of his Majefty*s ddek or^Afcpts,&c. yards- then, and in fuch cafe, two bills, being duplicates, and joined together with oblique lines, flourifhes,lor devices, as afore-ftid, (haw be immediately made out, numbered, and dated, by the clerk of the treasurer of the navy, appointed to pay fuch wages* and be fi|ned, if made out at the pay office of the naVv, by the commissioners of the navy comptnolling the payment when fuch bills (hah be fo made out; or if made but at any of the out ports, by the Commiffioner of the navy comptroffing fuch payment there; and fuch bills shall be attefted at the fbot

thereof*





f?5&] .Anno trictfmo pniao GjoitGH U. c. io.

thereof^ by the firft clerk of the treasurer of the navy at fuch pay office «r out port; and the laid bills shall be made payable to fwch perfiaa or perifons only, and by Inch receiver general, coUoAor of the cuuome, collector of the excife, or clerk of the cheque, as lhall then be named by fuch inferior officer or fea-mao, and hderted in fuch bills; which shall be written or printed nocordsng to the fallowing farm:

A. N°L

SIR,

PA Yh> B. C. of	m	|m	1	producing	and	Form	of	the

1 tfcdr 1	bills

, delivering the duplicate "hereof, thefumof being on account of the wages ofD. E. on board of his fidajfly's flip the	if the fame be demanded	within

fix calendar months from the date heruf; otherwife you are to return this bill to the treasurer of tbo navy at the peg	of the navy.

’The receiver general of the land tax for the county of

To

A The colledor of thecuftoms at the port of The colle&or of the excife at The clerk of the ;. cheque at

\

Signed,

Attejled,

I

1

F. G. Commif-ftoner of tbt navy.

H.J. Clerk to tho treasurer of the navy.

By virtue	of the ail of tho

thirty firfi of George the Second.

And fo foon as the laid bill Anil be made out, affigned, and at- Bills to becut tefted,the laid oommiffioner’of the navy dull caufe them to be cut indentwife, afuoder, indentwife through the oblique lines, flourilhes, or de-viees, and (ball caufe one of the faid bills to be delivered to fuch fbe officer or feaaoan, and tbe other to be forthwith tranfmitted to and the other the faid receiver general of the land tax, collector of the cuftoms, to be remitted colledor of the excife, or clerk of the cheque, on whom fuch t0 tbf bill lhall be drawn as afocebid: and the faid receiver general of	**

the land tax, collector of the cuftoms, collector of the excife, or upon produ-clerk of the cheque, are hereby firidUy required and enjoin- cing thedupli-ed, if the duplicate of fuch bill (hall, within fix calendar months cate 'T'tb>" fix from the date thereof, be produced and delivered to either of SlTtobe them refpedlivelyt,	by the person or persons to, whom fuch bill is paid}

payable, to pay to fetch person or persons immediately, without fee' me reward on any pretence whatfoever, the fum contained (fwwin, taking his, her, or their receipt fpr the fame, on the

P 4 '	back



and upon re> turning the fame, «c. to the navy office, the mo-ney to be re-imbi

216	A	npo	jtriccfimo

back of tb$ faid bill; which l^f9t|pkUwp*n bring predated and delivered, together with the duplicate d\eceof,«t:thdjDi»y office, ihall he immediately affignoii for payment bythrepotf more cpfzmiffioners of the* i>*vy, afid jhaU)^ immediately rt-paid by the treasurer of the navy to Aieb receiver gprwrakctf the 'urJd*inland tax, cplledoc of the qufioms, oelle<Sor oftw&expifc^or cate CbeUnot derk tllc cheque, or to the order of any iuch floccrar gcue* produced, andral, colleger of the cuftom*» colleger of theexcife^oh.xlerkiof payment de- the cheque $ but in cafe the duplicate of fuch btU ftttlioaot tfcto manded,with- produced and delivered, and the payment of thpfoiie^bevde* thetolTbto$> manded, within fix calendar mouths from thedate thereof tifew be returned to the faid receiver general, colledor of the {mftotw# telfc&Mf/of the treasurer the excife, or clerk of the cheque, shall FetHmfuchrbtfLtoiAe of the navyr treasurer of the navy at the pay office of the navy, who dull and ^he^o- cau^c b®s or duplicate thereof, fo delivered^) fodvfof-uey to be paid ficer or feaman, if the fame shall be returned, toibe tflimerifr* to the feaman, ately cancelled; and from and after the return and Cancelling or his execu- 0f fuch bill9 or of the duplicate thereof, Cuch partofthci wages

(ha}h bfeunfMdi*

tors. Sec.

if the duplicate be not paid when tender'd, the caufe of refu-fal or delay, and the time when tendered, to be in-dorfed thereon,

or pay for which fuch bill was fo made out, ately paid to fuch inferior officer or feaman, or his.executors os adminiftrators, or to the refpe&ive attorney or &ttcmifS:.of fuch officer or framan, his executors or adminiftratar?, demanding the feme, and duly authorized as i9 herein after ^weded* wilh* but any fee, regard, or deduction, whatfoever.	•;	:u	i

XV.	Provided always, and it is hereby further ena&cdby 1%0 authority aforefaid. That if any fuch receiver genera},- coHt&of of the cuftoms, collector of the excife, or clerk of the*:heqae$ to whom the duplicate of any of the bills hereinbefore direded to be made out, shall be tendered for payment by the wifc,fa* ther, or mother, of any fuch officer or feaman, (ball not then have in his hands publick money fufficient taanfwer the/fame, and shall refufe or delay the immediate payroeqt thereof, fuch receiver general, collector of the euftoms, collator of thecx* eife, or clerk of the cheque, fiiall immediately, indorfe oa^the back of the faid duplicate, the day of its being (b tendered!© him, and the caufe of his refufal or delay to pay ths femci’aod and a future shall appoint thereon for the payment of fuch bill, fr>mejlltnre mwtVbcap. day, ^hhin the fpace of two months at the fart heft fromtheday pointed, of its having been firft tendered to hUn, as aforefaid 4 which d«* plicate, with the indorfement thereon, shall immediately be do-If payment iivered back to the person prefenting the fame : and if,:upon has been un- complaint to be made to the refpe&ive commiflioners appointed ?ayed n ^ -by his Majesty, his heirs, or fucceflors, to manage the find fe-^ 9 veral duties of the land tax, euftoms, or excife, or to the com* miffioners of the navy if the person complained of be axlesfcof the cheque, it shall appear that fuch receiver general, coHedtor of the euftoms, collector of the excife, or clerk of the cheque^ hath unneceftarily and wilfully refuted or delayed the, payment or any fee, on of fuch bill; or that fuch receiver general, collector of the ettf-accQunt, of, toms, collector of the excife, of clerk of the cheque* or an?; ^y^^»hatbperfon employed by*or;undcf fcqy of them, hath

I?5$L1 'Afifto tri<tfimo\jrimoGEOlCGli II. cl 10.	217

diredtiyvecmved oftflfcenany fee, reward, gratuity, diftounf, tit dedaflaan-whatsoever, on account of the payment of the (aid bill j ie shall and'may be lawfhl to and for any three or more of theoffenderto the find commissioners toconviA and fine any fuch offender un-

forfeit 50I.

der their refpedtive dire&kftr, in any fum not, exceeding fifty pounds, according to the nature and degree of the offence; which convMtion shall be made by fuch refpe&ive commiffio-ners, anfffuch fine shall be levied and recovered, in fuch and the fame-manner, to all intents and purpofes, as any conviction m*y-be made* and any penalty may be levied or recovered, for any offence againft any law by which any cuftom or excife is hnpofed-or hud; and the (aid fine, when recovered, Ihall be t0 mfid to the informer or informers againft fuch offender or of- mer.

- XVI. Provided always. That this aft, or any thing herein wages of ap-eontained, shall not extend to or be conftrued to invalidate or prentice to be make void any indenture or indentures, whereby any matter is P*jjj to hi* or shall be> ratified to have or receive the wages, pay, or other m*“er» allowances of money, earned by his apprentice, but fuch wages, pay, or other allowances, shall be paid by the treasurer of the navy for thetime being, or by his direction, according to fuch indenture or indentures, as has been ufual in fuch cafes; unlefs unlefsbebe a-fuchapprentke shall be above the age of eighteen years at the h®** the age time when fuch indenture or indentures were made and execu- ^e'n tainted, or unlcOs fuch apprentice shall have been hired and rated denture* were as a femnt to any commiflion or warrant officer belonging to executed;, or any, of -the (hips or veffels of his Majesty, his heirs, or fuccef- J?« rated ** Son, fuch apprenficelhip not bang then known to fuch officer; in which cafe, the wages or pay offuch fervant shall be due and to whom fuch. payable to fuch cornmiffion or warrant officer, according to the apprentice-ufual practice of the navy, until fuch officer shall be informed <b'P W3S un-of fuch apprenficelhip: and in either of the cafes herein before knovrn* mentioned, the mailer of fuch apprentice shall not be intitled to receive any wages, pay, or allowances, by virtue of any fuch indenture) any thing herein contained, or any law, ftatute, or u&ge, to ike contrary thereof, in any wife notwithftanding.

X VII. And whereas it is of great importance to the carrying on ef the paymenti in the manner herein before directed, that all the captains ancommanders of the Jbipt and veffels of his Majefly] his hefas itlr	futtejfbrs,	flotsld	regularly tranfmit to the	of

the navy, by the	firft fdfe opportunity, dll fucb complete pay booh,

axdalifuxb Hjls and tickets,to be fo made out as	and

okfe	regularly tranfmit to the commissioners of the once in every

twantenths from the time any fucb flaps or veffels flail have been essttrtd into fea pay, mufter books for every fuch flip or yeffel, according tt the method now preferibed and required, or which Jball	.

anytime hereafter be preferibed and required, by the lord high admiral Great) Britain, or by the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain; be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the laid firft day ofCapt?'?*,*®-Navember, every captain and cotnmander of every (hip or vef- |”{V

•	...	jy



out }

and alfo once in a months the (hip's mofter book, properLv fign'd, See,

and in de fault, &c.

ti9	Annatricefimo	primoGEOfcGfciJI. t !&

navy board fel of hie Majesty, hit hew* or fucceflbi*, shall and *do*fr*IIl pay books,and	to tjme^ regularly and ‘chriy fend or jrtnfiwit Ip. the aem*

to be made * miffioners of the nwy, at their board, by the fir# fafooflpartu-mty, all and every fech complete pay books, and ah aod every fuch lift or Mgs ticket or tickets^ to beta made odft asafeeefaid* and alfo (haM and do regularly and duly fend andtnta&nit, once in every two months, to the coramrftonens of the nary, at thdr boaad, one complete tralftcr book for fetch ftiip or vcffel, figned by hfanfclf and the proper officers, not only forth* find two months, but for the whole tunewhich fiich Aip or vpffid shall have been in oommiftion, or firefcn the tunc to which fuch (hip or veflel was lift paid : and an cafe * fuuh captain *or commander shall be guilty of any failure or negtedt in anv pact hereof, the .faid commiflioners of the navy are hereby. oritSUy diret&ed and required not to great to any fach captain or commander the general certificate, to intnte4mfi to his wages or pay for fuch (hip or reft), unlcrfs thereto repaired by particular order from the lord high admiral of Gnat Britain^ or from the commifltoners for execrating the ofice of load high mfaml of Great Britain, or any three or more of fiich comnadBoncry in cafes of moeflky, and on its being made appear to thesr finis-faction, that the directions hereon before given in this behalf have been -complied -with a* far as the nature of the fervaoe would admit, and that the faid cxmnrplete pay hooks, lifts, tickets and mufter books, had been oduatty fent tothe ftid com million* ersof the navy, as often as any proper and fafe opportunitaesafr fered: and in cafe filch captain or commander shall not foffi-ciently exculpate -himfeif from fuch negfeft or failure, in the manner hereby preferibed, before the lord high admiral .of Great Britain, or the couMhiffioncrs for execoting the office of lord high admiral of Great Brittain, or any three or more of fuch commiflioners, within twelve calendar months after the arrival of fuch captain or oaenmander in Great Britain; then their wages to fuch captain or commander shall lofeand forfeit M the wages the cheft at due t0	j,js	fefvioe or* board fuch fhip or veflel, which

are hereby direrfted to be paid and applied so and far the ufe of the cheft at Chatham; and fuch captain or commander, being •tried for and convidted of fuch offence by a court-martial, Jhail be liable to fuch farther confute or punhhmeat, not eaofcendmg to lofs of life or limb, as fuch oourt-^naatial shall adjudge. XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefatd.

(except in cafes of ne-ceflity, to be made appear to the lords of the ad mi-rally)

to forfeit all

Chatham,

and to fuflfer moreover, as a court martial (lull adjudge.

The tickets.

pay lifts, and That ail and every fiMfa*ioket and tickets, certificate and ccrti-bilfs, deemed 'ftcates, pay lift and pay lifts, bill and bills, herein before directed to be made out and paid asafofefaid, shall be deemed and taken as good and fafficient vouchers for the treasurer, of the navy, for To much money as (hah have been fb dive&ed wo be paid upon all or any faoh tickets, certificates, pay lifts, or bills refpe&ively, and as shall have been paid by him thereon, and frail be allowed asfoch it^pafling his accounts-.	XIX.	And	be it further cradled by the authority aforefeid,

Se^ickeu * That ¥> after the (hid firftday of Jtt&yc#ber+ any captain or

•	pom*

fuflicient vouchers to the treasurer of the navy for money paid thereon.

'



*748.] Anne tricefimb prime Georoii II. c. 10.	219

*0KtaMtfd4r of any of the'(hips or vtflels of his Majesty, his otherwife than heirs or fodceflbrs, shall make out, or caafe to be made out, theaadirea*» and rifted, anyticket or tickets for wages or pay to any inferior officer Or fcaman, tinder any pretence whatfoever, other than and except in the manner, and under the regulations, herein before diwfted concerning the feme, every foch captain or eom-onndeffo offending (hall, for every filch offence, lofe and for- to forfeit for ftSt thefutn'bf fifty pounds of lawful money of Great Britain; each offence, one Moiety whereof (hah be forfeited and paid tothe peifon who ^ to shall inform or foe for the fame, and the other moiety shall be t0 the inform, paid arid applied to and for the ufe of the cheft at	;	er, and the

Wftkh forfeiture shall be foed for and recovered in any of his other to the MajdftVV courts of record at JVeflminJler, by aftiori of debt, Chat* bill, plaint or information, in which no efioin, protection, privilege; Wage* Of law, or more than One imparlance, shall be allowed ; 'and the court (ball award foch cofts to the parties as Audi be juft: and in all cafes where judgement or femenee shall TIie court> be given agairift any foch offender, the court where foch judge- where judgement Or 'fentettce shall be given (hall, with-all convenient (peed, meat shall he certify tbe: (feme*0 thelora high admiral of Great , or to $7*31. a c»r* the cemmiffioners for executing the office of ford high admiral totheadmi-•df	Great Britain \ and	as	a further punifiunent, foch offender ralty j

fhall, upon foch certificate, lefe and forfeit all the wages or pay •due to him for his service in foch fhip or veflel; which wages and 0f. er pay The lord high admiral, or commnfioners for executing the fender there-frffice of lord high admiral of Great	,	or	any	three	or	J?Pon fe for-

tnerecf foch commtflioners, fhafll direftand order to be paidto tbe* and applied to and for the ufe of (he cheft at Chatham.	cheft at

XX.	‘Provided always. That no captain or oommander of Chatham, any (hip or veflel shall be liable to any penalty, upon account of Captain not. any dffence which shall be committed againft this a(51 before the on this aft ^ ffrft day of June, one thousand feven hundred and fifty nine, before 1 June unlefs, before the time of his committing foch offence, he shall i7j9,unlefche have received the abftradl of the provifions and regulations of Prev"<ouf-thfe aft, herein after dire&ed to be delivered to the captain or commander of every (hip or veflel of his Majesty, his heirs and ^f.ra focceflors.

XXI.	And, for eftabKfhmg a proper method for making and attefting letters of attorney; be it further enafted by the autho- Method to be rity aforefaid. That from and after the faid firft day of Nevem- obierved in for, one thousand feven hundred and fifty right, no letter of at_ ma*2I"®’^ tofney made by any inferior officer or (earnan in the service of **<£■ his Majesty, bis heirs or foccefiors, or by the executors or ad- ney. miriiftrators of any foch officer or Teaman, in order to impower

or in title any person or persons to receive any wages, psy or allowances of money of any kind, doe or to grow due for foch fcrvice, shall be good andvaiid, or fufficient for that purpofe, tmlefe'fach letter of fuch'attomey shall bo made and dedared to be revocable by the exprefs words thereof; and unlefs foch letter of attorney, if made by any foch officer or Teaman then in ’the fervioe of his Majesty, his heirs or focceflbn, (hallbefigned

■	}	before	'	:





220	Anno	tricefimo	primo<3E<JRGll	II.	CKrfcU	[1758^

before and attefted by the captain op commander; attdOde otfeter of the figning officers of the (hip to which fuchiftferior officer or feamaii (h&f belong, or by the cterk of the Cheque at feme of the dock yards; and unlefs fuch letter of attorney, if olade by any fuch officer or feaman who shall have been difchrfgedfrom the fervice of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, fhtlfbfcftgn-cd before and attefted by the mayor or chief nraghlfate Of the town or place where fuch officer or feaman shall then tefide; or if made by the executors or adminiftrators of any foeh officer or feaman, unlefs fuch letter of attorney shall be figntd before c. and attefted by the mmifter and churchwardens, or, In that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by the minifter and two elders of the parish where fuch executors or adminiftrators shall refpe#-ively reflde.

Letters of at- XXII. And be it further enaded and declared by the autho-torney other- rity aforefaid, That all letters of attorney, other than fuch as wife made aod shall be made and attefted in manner aforefaid, and all bar-gains, fales, bills of fale, contracts, agreements and affign-andafl bar- *' ments> whatfoever, of, for, or concerning any wages, pay or al-gains, &c. lowances of money of any kind, due or to grow due to any fuch concerning inferior officer or feaman in the fervice of his Majesty, his heirs wages, made or facceffors, for fuch fervice made or entered into from and af-17^8, deda'r- tcr the firft 4ay °f November, shall be and are hereby deed nulls dared to be void and of no effedt, to all intents and purposes whatfoever; any law, ftatute, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding: and the treasurer of due tobepaid	navy f°r t*ie time being is hereby authorized, directed, and

the feaman required, to pay, or caufe to be paid, to every fuch inferior offi-himfelf, ep- cer or feaman as shall appear in person at the pay table, or, in pearing at the Lis abfcnce, to his lawful attorney impowered by him in the tolawful ^an^er herein before directed, or to the executors or admmi-attomey, Set. ftrators of fuch officer or feaman, or to their refpedtive attorney or atromies, duly authorized in fuch manner as is herein before directed, the relpedtive wages, pay, or allowances of money of any kind due, to him or them, without regard to any fuch letter of attorney, bargain, fale, bill of (ale, contra#, agreement, or affignment, whatfoever, made or to be made of, for, or concerning any fuch wages, pay or allowances of money of any kind.

XXIII.	And be it further cnadled by the authority aforefaid. Fee? of court That from and after the faid firft day ot November, no ecclefiaf-for probate of tical court, or any person or persons whatfoever, under any prewills, viz.	"	**	'	*	" “

is. for goods under ao 1.

tence, fhaH take or receive any more than the fam of one (hilling for the feal, parchment, writing, and fuing forth of the'probate of any will, or any letters of adminiftration, granted to the widow or children, father or mother, brother or After, of any inferior officer, feaman, or marine whatfoever, dying in the pay of his Majesty’s navy, and for the pains, trouble, and expence, attending the fuing forth of fuch probate, or letters of adminiftration, unlefs the goods and chattels of fuch officer, feaman, pr tpanne,do amount to the valoe of twenty pppqds* nof mqre

than



i75*M!j	c.	10;	221

than the Ampf two shillings, unlefs the goods and chattels of is. under fuch^fiicc^famgo, or marine, do amount to the value of*forty 4°l-pounds ; saocmore than the sum of three shillings, unlefs the 3S. under 60I. goods and chattels of fuch officer, feaman, or marine, do a-mouneto the value of sixty pounds: and in all cafes where it shall be necessary (to iffue commiffions, to fwear the widows or cbiU dren, father or mother, brother or lifter, being executors or ad-mini ftratorti of. fuch inferior officers, feamen, or marines, no ecdefiaftical court, nor any person or persons whatfoever, under any pretence, shall take or receive more than the sum of one^^J^ (hillingfor the feal, parchment, writing, and fuiog forth of any ISf un^^. t fuch commiffion, and for the pains, trouble, and expence, attending the feme, unlefs the goods and chattels of fuch officer, feaman, or marine, do amount tb the value of twenty pounds; nor more than the sum of two shillings, unlefs the goods and is. under +oI. chattels of fuch officer, feaman, or marine, do amount to the valise of forty pounds; nor more than the sum of three shillings, 3S. under tol. unlefs the goods and chattels of fuch pfficer, feaman, or marine* do amount to the value of sixty pounds: and if any officer or officers, or any other person or persons, shall prefume to take any, more than the faid fums of one fhillina;, two shillings, or three shillings, re(pe&ively, for the feal, parchment, writing, and fuing forth of the probate of any fuch will, or any fuch lenders of adminiftration, and for the pains, trouble, and expence attending the lame; or for the feal, parchment, writ- No greater mg* and filing forth of any fuch commilfion as aforefaid, and fees to be for the pains, trouble, and ex pence, attending the. fatpe;, the takewnintterj person or persons fo offending shall forfeit to the party aggrieved the sum of fifty pounds ; to be recovered, with full cqfts of fuit,	J

by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his	<	,

Majefty*a courts of record at lVeJlminJlery or elsewhere.

XXIV* And whereas divers wicked practices have been carried	r

by perfaaating and falfely ajfuming the names and characters of officers^	and others, intitled, or fuppofed to be entitled, to

wages, payether allowances of money, or prize money, for ferving	*

on board of Jhtps cr vejjels of the royal navy, and by forging and counterfeiting letters of attorney, bills, tickets, alignments, hfl wills, and other authorities and powers, from fuch officers andfeamen, and by falfely taking out probate of wills, and letters of adminijlration, to fuch officers and feamen; be it therefore enaded by the authority Penalty of p* r-aforefaid. That from and after the faid firft day of November,	an

whofeever. willingly and knowingly (hah perfonate, or falfely affisme the/name or character of, or procure any of her to per- to lonatc, or falfely toaffumc the name or chara&er of, any officer, due to him, feaman, or other perfon, in tit led, or fuppofed to be intitled, to assy wages,4 pay, or other allowances of money, or prize money, for service done on board of any foip or veffel of his. Majesty, hia heirs^or fucceflors; or the executor or adrainiftrafar, vritc, or refetioo, or creditor, of any, filch officer or feaman, or Other tor, rci^rmn, perfon^ in order to receive any wages, pay, or othe$ aHpwanCfy or creditor,' ofmqoey, oc prize moncy,due,oi? fuppofed to be dye or payable, a;/	for

 UooQle

222	Anno tricesimo primOGroROIl II. C* fo. [175S.

for or on account of the fervices of any fitch offiber feamau,

. or other person at aforefeidy or shall forge or counterfeit* at letmtofu- procure to be forged or counterfeited, any letter of-attorney, tomey, ticket*, bill, ticket, certificate, affignraent, laft will, or any ocher power certificate*, or or authority whatfoevcr, in order to receive any farh wages, wiUtj	pay,* or other allowances of money, or prize money, due, or

fuppofed to be due, to any fuch officer or feamae, or other person as afore (aid; or shall willingiy and knowingly take a faHe or of making oath, or procure any other person to take a fklfe oath, to obtain the a falfe °ath to probate of any will or wills, or to obtain letters of admuuftration, of »ny waifi* *" orc^Br t0 receive the payment of any wages, pay, or other al-ord<r to re- lowances of money, or prme money, due, or that were foppofed ceive the wa- to be due, to any fach officer, fcaman, or other perfon, as afore-ge«, &c. of f^d, who has really ferved, or was foppofed to have ferved, on fuch perfon, b^d Qf afly (hip or veflel of -his Majeity, his heirs, or fucceflbrs;

every fuch person fo offending, being lawfully convidted of any i* death. ' fuch offence or offences, shall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall fuffer death as a felon, without benefit of dergy. w. ,nXXV. And be it further ena&ed by the authonty aforelat'd, book* are P * That from and after the faid firft day of November, when and dofed, tickets, fo often as any of the pay books of the (hips or veffels of hie upon appUca- fyfajefty, his heirs, or fucceflbrs, shall be dofed, fuch feamen as “ t* _ shall not then receive, or have received, the wages, pay, or other the navy office, allowances of money, due to them, (hall, upon application made for fitch men by them to the commiffionert of the navy, at their board, have a* have not of, receive tickets made out to them to the value of the laid been paid, wages, pay, or other allowances, due to them refpedively; and which are to the faid commiflioners are hereby direded and required to make courfe once a out the faid tickets accordingly, and to caufe the feme to be month. dated, numbered, regiftered ana paid in courfe, once a month.

XXVI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Britift gover- That the governors, minifters, and coniuls, appointed, or that confuul w	**	appointed,	by his Majesty, his heirs, or fucceflbrs, its

merchants, in foreign parts, and redding there, or where none fuch ate refident, foreign part*, any two or more Brrtijk merchants then and there redding, *re *? J’™v‘c,e (hall, from and after the faid firft day of	,	be, and are

men and bov* l*cr*hy authorized, dire&ed, and required, to fend and provide of the navy/ for all feafaring men and boys, fubje&s of Great Britain, than wreck'd, cap- shall by (hipwreck, capture, or other unavoidable accident, be ‘“r’d.or dit- driven or caft away to, or that shall bedifcharged as unfervicea-

uufemceable, ^om any ,*'e ®**P* OT v®flel« of the royal navy, at fitch ^ foreign parts or places, where fuch governors, minifters, confids,

' and fubfift or mercbants refute} and the faid governors, minifters, canfuls, them at 66. and merchants, are hereby required to provide for and fobfifft per diem. Rich feafaring men and boys, at or after the rate of fix peace f h •	<ac*1>	an^to	WHs of their several disburfementi upon

disburiement* foch occafions, together with proper vouchers for the fame, to with the ’ {he tommiflionere of the navy, at their board, who are hereby vouchers, to directed and required to caufe immediate paymentto be made of be font to the fuch bills and disburfements, after due examination of tbefeid -’ vouchers; and the faid governors, miniftmy eenfids, -and

mer-



r75&-] Anno ttioefimo ptk»^ Gsotan II. c. ia	wj

merchants, shall put or fend the fold men or boys on board* the The men to

firft fttp belonging to Ms Majesty, Ms hairs, or foceeflbrs, thatbe ^tbor^e

(hull arrive at the parts or places where theyrefide* or any other	Kings*

parts or places, 'being near or wkbm a convenient diftance for (hip,

that purpofe; or in cafe no (hip of war shall be then in fetch

parts or places t>r within a convenient diftance, they shall fend or merchant

fuch men or boys on board foch merchant (hips or veflfcls as arc ^»P^^iv^u>

brand for any port of Or eat Britain, and are in want of men to orca 1 n*

make up their complement; but if neither cafe happens within

a convenient time, then they shall provide and order a paftage

homeward for foch men and boys in the firft merchant (hip or

vefiel bound for Great Britain: and every matter or person having .

charge of a merchant (hip or veffrf, that mall arrive in fetch foreign Maker of fuch^

parts, and be homeward bound from thence to any port in

Britain, shall be, and is hereby required to take on board fetch ^ hoys ^

and fc many of foch feafarmg men or beys *« the faid gover- board j

nors, minifters, confute,or merchants shall dired, not exceeding

four for each one hundred tons of which his (hip coctfifts.

XXVII.	And, for an encouragement for fitch mafters of fitch Jbips or veffets to take fitch feamen or boys aboard, emdbring them to Great Britain; be it further enaded by the authority afore fa id, That every foch matter or person having charge of a (hip or vefTel, andtoheah who shall produce.a certificate under the hands of the laid Jjjem fer*atl governors, minifters, confuls, or merchants, or any of them, fuchasibiUbe certifying the number and names of the men or boys taken on above hiscom-board by their dire&ioa, and the time of taking them on board, plement* up-and shall make an affidavit at his return, felting forth the timea^erdfioSe3S during which he fubttfted fuch men or boys, and that he did anj inajcing a not, during that time, want of his own complement of men, or' properafikU-how many he did want of fuch complement, and for what time, viu shall receive, and the commtffioners of the navy, art their board, are hereby required to caufe to be paid to foch matter, or other person as. afcrefeid, fix pence per dim for the paflage and provi-fions of each man and boy, from the day of their embarkation homewards to the day of their arrival in Great Britain, or being rat into fome (hip ot vcffel of his Majesty, his heirs, or fuccef-kxts; fix pence per famuiAy being deduced far fuch time, and* for fo many persons, as fuch matter, or other person as aforefaid, wanted of the complement of his (hip or vefiel, during the voyage.

XXVIIL Ands to prevent for the future, as far as may be, any unjuft or fraudulent arrefts upon foamen actually belonging to any of tho Jbips of bis Majesty, his heirs, or futteffbrs; be it alfo enabled by the authority aforefeid, That from andafter the feud firft day of _

November, no person whatfoever, who fhaU lift and enter himfeif	^

to ferve as a feaman on board any of the (hips orvcflels of his token out of Majesty, his heirs, or fucceffors* (Hall be liable to be taken out the fervice, of the fervice of hia Majesty, his heirs, or focceftbrs, by any ^xcePr for. procefs or exeeution wbatfoever, either in Great Britain, Ireland, mTaer,1 ora or. any other part of hit Majesty’s dominions, other than for real debt of (bcra ciiminal matter; unlcfe fuch procefs or execution be for a the value of i	real,ob



Oath to be made of the debt before a judge.

and marked on the back of the procefs.

Seaman to be otberwife dif-chareed without fee.

and recover colb.

Plaintiff may file a common appearance.

and proceed to judgment and outlawry; and have execution thereupon.

Anno tricesimo prinrto GioBMill e.to. [1758*

real debt, or other juft caufe of adion, and unltfr before sher

taking out of fuch procefs or exeentiog, wot being for* criminal t matter, theplaintiff or plain tiffs therein, or feme other pstfeiror persons on hit or their behalf, shall make affidavit before-one or more judge or judges oftbe court of record, or othereaart, out • of which fueh procefs or execution lhall iffue, or before feme person authorized to take affidavit* in fuch courts, that to his or their knowledge the fum juftly due and owing to the plaintiff or plaintiffs, from the defendant or defendant* in the adbon or caufe of adtion on which fuch procefs (halliffiie, or the debtor damage and coft for which fuch execution shall be iffixd out, amouata to the value of twenty pounds at the leaft; a memaraadum of. which oath shall be marked on the back of fuch procefs or writ, for which memorandum or oath no fee lhall be taken; and if. any person be neverthelefs arrefted, contrary to the intent of this alt, it shall and may be lawful for one or more judge or judges of fuch court, upon complaint made thereof .by- the party -himfelf, or by anyone of his fuperior officers, toexamine into the. fame, by the oath of the parties, or otherwife, and, by warrant under his or their hands and feals, to difebarge fuch teamen fo arrefted contrary to the intent-of thisadt, without paying any-fee or fees, upon due proof made before him or them, that fuch-feamen fo arrefted were actually belonging to one of the (hips or veflcls of his Majesty, his heirs, or fuccenors, and areftad contrary to the intent of this adt, and alfo to award to the. party fo complaining fuch cofts as fuch judge or judges (hail thmkrea-fonable; for the recovery whereof, he shall have the like remedy that the person who takes out the faid execution might have had for his cofts, or the plaintiff in the faid adtion might have had for the recovery of his cofts, in cafe judgment haa bean given for him with cofts againft the defendant in the hid adkm.

XXLX. Ami,to tht end that botteftcreditors, who aim only at the recovery ef their juft debts due to them	fuchfeanOnas

belonging to feme of	tbejbips or	vtffels of bis bis Mr*, or •

fuccejfors, may not be hindered from fuing for the fame, but om the contrary, may be	ajfifted and forwarded ht	tbdr Outs; that, -

fhad of proceeding by an or reft, which may hurt tbefrrvue, and occafeon a great expence and delay to	they	may	be

enabled to proceed in a more fpetdy and eajy method',. best further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That it shall be lawful for any plaintiff or plaintiffs, upon notice firft given in writing of the caufe of adlion to fuch feaman or feamen belonging to the royal navy, or left at his or their laft place of refideace before his or their entering into the fervice of bis Majesty, hk..heirs, or fucceffors, to file a common appearance in any adlion to be brought for or upon account of any debt whatfeever, .fo as to intitle fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs to proceedtberein to judgment and outlawry, and to have an execution thereupon, other than againft the body or bodies of him or them fo adlually belonging to any fhip-or vcflel of his Majesty, bis heirs, or fucodfors, aa

. afore-





1^75*.]	Anno tdtetoo'piirta-Geo*®ii II. c. 10.

abroMdr t%na^r' or any thing haem, or any former law of An% ®•ho'oantmy aoaeithftanding.

.-•XlBfi. jM, tofrrbtnt extortion by per fins employed in the ntsiv~

inf effiamm %vages, xndether mmm \ be it timber cnaded by

the nmthxtorp atorefoid, That no per Son or perfems whatfoever

whw ihtii be employed m the-receivmg of any wages, pay, ™°trbethai>

pifeodbotiey, or any -other monies, due, or becoming due, for^^} toebe

or atpon* account of the service of any officer, feaman, or other deduced for

psrfcft,in the royal navy, shall be intitied ro take or retain more receiving and

tbu* ponce in the pound for or upon account of receiving Pay,n£

tfcttuef, and for paying the fame to the person or persons by

dxmbtoratory shall be employed, or according to the direc- ney;

tion and appointment of fuch person or persons, and for all his

and their tronWeand attendance in relation thereto : and if any llnder pCnajty

perfon or perfbas foctnploycd fhall, dire<5fly or indiredly, de-*0f 50I.

mand, take, or retain, or caufc or procure, or knowingly and

wittfogiy permk or foffer, to be demanded, taken or retained,

any allowance* gratuity, reward, or valuable cohfideration,

exceeding in thowhole the sum of fix pence in the pound, for the

monies fo received as aforefaid, every fuch person (hall, for every

fuch offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered,

with full cofUoffuit, to any person or persons who wiH fue for

the feme in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Weftminfter,

by adHanof debt, bill, plaint, or information, in which noefloin,

prutediuo, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance

IbaH be allowed: and if any fuch offender ftiall be a clerk, offi-

cer,,forfcnwim in any office belonging or relating to the navy, and af the °f-

hcfhaW, upopconvidion, over and above the faid penalty of fifty lo^ny office*

pounds, to be recovered as aforefaid, forfeit and lofe his place, and in the navy,

be for e»sr thereafter incapable of holding any place of profit to lofe bis place

in any fuch office. - :	^	aM’°*

XXXK'And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, .

That if any clerk;, officer, or fervant, in any office belonging or *’r JJJ" refettog to the navy, (hail, diredly or indiredly, demand, take, vanrs belong* or retain, or caufe or procure, or knowingly and wiJHngly permit ingtoany of-•r fuffer, to be demanded, taken, or retained, any fee, gratuity,	the navy

compenfation, Or valuable confideration (not being authorized	*bc

fo to do by this ad) of or from any person or persons whatfoever, a& a lows, for or under pretence of the doing or performing ony matter or thing hereby dirededor authorized to be done or performed, or which shall be in execution hereof, every fuch clerk, officer, or forvant, shall be fabjtd to the fame forfeitures, coffs, and incapa- f,,bie^fhe cities, *s is herein before mentioned with refped to the taking or N more than fix pence in the pound for the receiving of foamens wages.

XXXII.	And be rt further enaded by the authority afdrefatd, pjrt 0f the fe That from and after the feid firft day of November, (o much of verai aft* of 9 an*ad made in the rfmth and'tenth year of the reign of King be to Wil. 3. IV&iatH the Third, intituled. An'efTfrr the better preventing the irnbezxhment of bis Afajs/ty’t/loM of war, Qnd preventing cheat^ frauds and abides, iti paying fiamens ivagth as relates to (he tak-Vol. XXII.	ing

ti&	Anno	triccfiroo.primQ	Geqrqii	II. x. 10*^ pi

ing np more than the fgm of one (hilling for fuing fqstfc any . letters of adminiftration to the wife or children of any (ietonaa dying in the Pf»y of his Majesty’s navy, unlefs the goadttttd chattels of fuch teaman do amount to the sum of twenty podtyogt:

4 Annas.

1 Geq. i.

and alfo fo much of an a£t made in the fourth year of the reigti of Queen Anne, intituled. An act for the encouragement and tncndfe offeamen, and for the better and fpeedier manning of her Majtflyi fleet , as relates to the payment of the wages due to feamen turned over from one {hip to another: and fo much of an a& tpade in the firft year of the reign of his prefent	(intituled, Anafti

for granting an aid to his Majcfly of five hundred thousand pound*, towards difcharging wages due to feamen ; and fir the confia/et, regular, and pun ft ml payment of feamcns wages fir the future s and far appropriating the fupplies granted in this present session of parliament; and for difpofing of the furplus of the money granted fir half pay fir the year one thousand feven hundred and twenty fiven)t as contains any provifions relative to his Majesty’s royal navy, or the cam* miftioners thereof, or to the captains, commanders* fcartlcn, or other perfohs ferving therein, or to the payment of wages due for fuch fervice: and alfo an a& made in the firA yeir of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An aftfir enitkraging feamen to enter into bis Majefifs fervice; shall be and are hereby repeaTed.

XXXIII. And be it further enatted by the authority afotefaki. That the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or tfcecam«iffi®n-ers for executing tlx office of lord high admiral of OrtaaBikaut, shall direct an abftraft of the prcrvikona and: regulations beoein contained, for the benefit of feamen belonging to the fl\tps. and vcflcls of his Majesty, his heirs, and fucceflhrs, together with and copies de- the articles of war, to be printed; and that ^competent number livercd to all of the copies thereof be delivered to the captain or commander of every fuch (hip or veflel; and fuch captain orcomraandccy as foon as the (hip or veflel by him commanded fhaU bepunkiro fea pay, shall caufe one of the faid printed abftra&s, to^Ms^ with the articles of war, to be hung up and affixed to th^ioft publick place of fuch (hip or veflel, and shall caufe thefami to be conftantly kept up and renewed, fo that they may be at all times acceffible to the inferior officers and feamen on board of

and to be read ^‘P 0T ve^» and eve|7 fuch captain or commander flnll to the (hip's caufe fuch abftra<$t to be audibly and diftindly read over onpe in company, af- every, month, in the prefence of the officers and feamen of fuch ter the articles, ffiip or .veflel, immediately after the articles of war are read; and once a month; thc reaijjng both Gf the articles of war, and of this, abftcad^ and batted	daysw^en	read*	att^^cd	by the captain orcomman-

^tobe made at der* andtthe ufual figning officers, of fuch (hip or veflel, at thefpot the Coot of the of the muftcr books for Fuch (hip or veflel, before they are tranf-mufter books, mitted to the coramiflioners of the navy: and the faid commif-Commiflloners lioners are hereby charged and dire&ed ftridUy to inquire whether of the navy the directions hereby given for hanging up aud affixing the laid whether tbefe a^^rac^ and articles of war, and for the reading, of the fame, as directions arc afore faid, have been duly obferved by the captain or commander Complied with;	.	of

t Geo. «• repealed.

An abftraft of this aft, together with the articles of war, to be printedj

captains.

One to be kept conit ant ly hung in the moft publick place of the lhip5

 LiOOQle

r7^8.} Anno tricefimb pr'inio GfeORGlt It. 6. to;	±ZJ

ofc’fych Alp or veftcl, and not to grant to fuch captain brcoift-ruandar his general certificate, until they are fully fatisfied thereof; tQ ^he end and intent that every Teaman employed A to the end that tj^i royal' navy of Gredt Britain may, at one and the Tame tithe, feamen may hear apu know the forfeitures and punifhments he is liable both know to for any pegledl or difobedience, and likewife the encourage- th^r duty, rpents and benefits to which he is inti tied by a due and faithful ^hts and performance of his duty; and that, upon fufferihg any oppref- how to feek non or injury in fuch (ervice, he may be the better enabled to redrefs for inlay bis complaint before the lord high admiral of Great Britain* juries, or the coovniflioners for executing the office of lord high admired of Great Britain, who are hereby refpe&ively charged and directed, upon any fuch complaint being laid, ftri<5tly to enquire into the cnrcumftances of the fame, and to grant immediate redrefs therein, if fuch complaint shall be juftly founded ; and to take Ipccial and conftant care that this ad, and all the provl-fions and regulations therein, be fully complied wit!), and punctually carried into execution.

XXXIV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Porm ^ That the abftradt herein before dire&ed, shall be in the following ahftraA words j that is to fay,	‘

AbfiraS of an aS of parliament made in the thirty firfi year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled* An act for the encouragement of feamen employed in the * royal navy; and for eftabliihing a regular method fop the punctual, frequent, and certain payment of their wages; and for enabling them more eafily and readily to remit the fame for the fupport of their wives and families; and for preventing frauds and abufes attending fuch payments.

I.	T^VERY volunteer entering his n3tne With a commrfliorf He officer, appointed for entering volunteers on board any (hip in the royal navy, shall receive a certificate thereof gratisi and be intitled to wages from the date of fuch certificate, including the day of the date thereof, in cafe he appears on board within fourteen days, if the place where he enters is not abovd one hundred miles from the (hip; within twenty days, iPabove une hundred miles; or within thirty days, if above two hundred miles; and (half be allowed the ufual conduct money, and alfo two monthi wages advance, at the firfi fitting out of the fhip; and before the (nip proceeds to fea.

II.	Every fupernumerary man ferving ten days in any (hip,

(hall be borne for and intitled to his wages upon the books of fucli fhip, and to all other benefits, as if he was part of the complement of fuch fhip ; but men lent from one (hip into another, lhall continue to be borheffoi* and intitled to their wages upon books of the (hip from which they were lent, until they shall te regularly difcharged from thence, and in no other.

Q^a	III. Every

s

Anno tncefimo primo Georgii II. c. io.

III.	Every inferior officer or feaman, who shall be turned over from one (hip to another (in cafe the (hip into which he is turned over, is then or shall come into a port of Gnat Britain where there* is a commiflioner of the navy) shall be paid, by proper pay lifts, all the wages due to him in thcihip from whicn hd was fo turned over, before the (hip into which he shall be turned over proceeds to fea, unlefs it shall be otherwife direded by fpecial order from the admiralty, in cafes of the greateft txU gency only; and if the (hip, in purfuance of fuch order, proceeds to fea before fuch payment can poffibly be made, the wages shall be paid as foon as fuch (hip shall come again into any port of Great Britain where there is a commiflioner of the navy,

IV.	Every officer or fcaman who shall be turned over from one (hip to another, shall not ferve or be rated in a worfc qua-* lity, or lower degree, than he ferved in or was rated for ih the former (hip; and shall have an advance of two months wages before the (hip into which he is turned over proceeds to fea, ih cafe he shall not have received fuch advance before.

V.	Such fumsof moneylhall inthe firft place be appropriated* and (hall, from time to.time, be iflued and applied out of the fupplies granted, or to be granted, for any naval fervices,as shall be fufficient for the regular payment of all tickets made out purfuant to the a<ft, and, for the regular difcharge of all wages due, or to grow due, in manner following; that is to fay. As Often as any (hip which shall have been in lea pay twelvemonths. Or more, shall be or arrive in any port of Great Britain> or on the coaft thereof, the captain or commander shall im mediately caufe five complete pay books to be made out, for all the time fuch Ihip shall have been in pay, except the laft fix months; and shall forthwith tranfmit, by the firft fafe opportunity, fuch books, together with three alphabets, and a flop book, to the commif-fioners of the navy, at their board: and &s foon as fuch (hip shall be or arrive in any port of Great Britain where there is a commiflioner of the navy, the faid commifiioners of the navy shall folicit the neceflary fums of money, and (hail caufe immediate payment to be made of the wages due, deducing the advance money, and all defalcations > leaving always fix months wages unpaid, and no more: and all the wages due upon any (hip shall be paid as foon as may be, or within two months at fartheft, after the arrival of fuch (hip in port to be laid up.

VI.	The month shall confift of twenty eight days.

f- VII. Upon application to the commiflioners of the navy, at their board, by an inferior officer or feaman who shall jhen be in the fervice, and was abfent at the payment of the (hip to which he did belong, or from the captain or commander of any (hip in which fuch officer or feaman shall then ferve, in cafe (uth (hip shall be in any port of Great Britain where there is acommifliotner of the navy, the commiflioners of the na vy, attheir board, shall immediately fend the pay books, or pay lifts made out from them, to fuch commiflioner, who shall forthwith caufe the wflgcs to be paid to fuch officer or fea man.

2	>	^	VII.-Th*



229

I75&-J Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c, 10.

VIII.	The captain 6r commander, £hall make out a ticket upon the death of every inferior officer and feaman, and shall tranfmit the fame, by the firft fafe opportunity, to the commif-fioners of the navy, at their board, who are to aflign the fame for payment within one month after the receipt thereof; and the feme shall be delivered, and payment thereon made, without fee or reward, to the executors or adminiftrators of fuch officer or feaman, or to the attorney of fuch executors or adminiftrators.

IX.	The captain or commander, shall make out a ticket for every inferior officer or feaman who shall be difcharged as un-ferviceable, purfuant to thediredtions of the adt, and shall fend (iich ticket, by the firft fafe opportunity, to the commiflioners of the navy,1 at their board. The captain or commander, shall not deliver fuch ticket to fach officer or feaman, but shall give him a certificate of fuch difcharge, containing an exadfc copy of the ticket, ind a defcription of his perfon. The feid commiflioners of the navy shall immediately caufe the day when fuch ticket was received to be indorfed thereon, and shall aflign the feme for payment within one month at fartheft from the day of making fuch indorfement. And if any fuch officer or feaman shall prefcnt fuch certificate at the navy office, the faid commiflioners of the navy are forthwith to examine fuch certificate, and theperfon prefenting the feme ; and being fatisfied that the certificate was made out for fuch perfon, and that he is rendered unferviceable, they shall teftify the fame on fuch certificate. The laid ticket being fo affigned, shall be immediately delivered, and payment made at the pay office of the navy, to fuch officer or feaman, without fee or reward, and to no other person whatfo-ever. If the ticket shall not have been tranfmitted to, and received by, the commiflioners of the navy, the money appearing to be due by the copy of the ticket in the certificate, shall be paid in like manner as if the ticket had been received. Such officer or feaman being defirous to receive his wages at any port in Great Britain where a commiflioner of the navy relides, may produce his certificate to fuch commiflioner of the navy, who, being fatisfied that fuch certificate was made out for fuch perfon, and that he is rendered unferviceable, shall fign and tranfmit the feme to the commiflioners of the navy, at their board ; who, within four days after the receipt of fuch certificate, are to fend the ticket tor fuch officer or feaman, or if fuch ticket shall not have been tranfmitted to and received by them, then the faid certificate, containing a copy of the faid ticket inftead thereof, to the commiflioner at fuch port; who shall caufe immediate payment thereon to be made, without fee or reward: and fuch commif-fiorier shall fend fuch officer or feaman to the neared hofpital, where he is to be received and vi&ualled, from the time of pre-fentin£ fuch certificate until payment is made. If any fuch certificate shall be loft or deftroyed, or fuch officer or feaman ttiall not present rhe fame in perfon, or the money due on any fuch ticket shall not be paid before the general payment of the ftijp’s company, the ticket shall be cancelled, and the wages be

Q. 3	pay-



*3°

Anno tricesimo primo G?orgh II. c. to. i [1758.

payable 9s if fitch ticket and certificate had not been made out.

X.	When any inferior officer or Teaman (hall* by order of the captain, or commander, be fct fick a to ore, and be fent into any hofpital,or fick quarters, fuch captaio'ar commander shall make out a fick ticket, for the wages due to fuch officer or feaman, and franfmit the fame with fuch officer or Teaman to the bofjpitalt or fick quarters; and if fuch officer or feaman shall be regularly difeharged from thence as unserviceable, a certificate of his di(-charge, with the fick ticket annexed thereto, shall be delivered to him : and if he shall present the fame to a commiflioner at any port in Great Britain, fuch commiflioner being fatisfied that fuch officer or feaman is unferviceable, shall figntne fameoathe certificate, and forthwith tranftnit fuch certificate, and fick ticket, to the commiflioners of the navy, at their board, who, within four days after the receipt thereof, are required to caufe a proper ticket, or pay lift, to be made out for the wages due to fuch officer or feaman, and to fend fuch ticket, or pay lift, without delay, to the commiflioner at fuch port, who (ball caufe immediate payment of the wages, to be made, without fee or reward, to fuch officer or feaman ; who, notwithstanding fiach difeharge, shall be maintained in fuch hofpital, or fick quarters, from the tjme he shall present the certificate, and fick ticket, until the payment shall be made.

XI.	The payment of tickets, certificates, or pay lifts, (ball not be delayed, though the mufter or pay books be not regularly fent to and received by the commiflioners of the navy; but k any error shall be made in any ticket, certificate, or pay lift, the )o(s shall be made good out of the wages of the captain, or com* mander, by whom fuch ticket, certificate, or pay lift* was made out.

XII.	As often as any (hip which shall not be in a port of Great Britain, or on the coaft thereof, shall have twelve months wages due, the captain, or commander, shall caufe the names of all the inferior officers and feamen to be called over, and each to anfwer to his. name, and shall do the fame at the end of every fix months, when twelve months, or more, wages, shall be due: and if any fuch officer or feaman shall then declare, or deliver in writing, the name and place of abode of his wife, father, or mother, and defire that the whole or any part of his wages then due, except the wages due for the laft fix months, (hould be paid to fuch wife, father, or mother, by the receiver general of (he land tax for any epunty, riding, or city, or collector of the customs for any port, or collector of the excife for any collection in Great Britain* or the clerk of the cheque at any dock yard ; the captain, or commander, is ftri&ly required to caufe four lifts to be made out of the persons fo defiring to make fuch remittances, and shall tranftnit fuch lifts, by the firft fafe opportunity, without delay, to the commiflioners of the navy, at their board, who, on receipt thereof, shall immediately make out two bills purfuant to the dire&ions of the a#, for the payment of the wages lo allotted by each perfon; one



<75$*] Anno ftieefimoprimo Georoii II. c. 10.	231

<Jf whteh bills fti*H befentto the persons rcfpeftively fpecififed iri ftchHfts^ and the dther to fuch receiver, collector, or clerk of dte cheque ! and if the person to whom any fuch bill is fent, withinfix months from the date thereof, produce and deliver the fame to fuch receiver, collector, or clerk of the cheque, together #ith a certificate that fuch person is the wife, father, tit mothefy of fuch officer or ftaman refpe&ively, under the bends df the minifter atid churchwardens, or, in Scotland, of the minifter and two elders, of the parilh where fuch person wras married, or refides $ fuch receiver, collector, or clerk of cheque, upon being fatisfied of the truth of fuch certificate, is immediately, without fee of reward, to pay the fum mentioned in fach bill, taking a receipt. Such bill, together with the duplicate thereof, being produced at the navy office, shall be immediately affigned for payment by the comtniffioners of the navyy and repaid by the treasurer of the navy, to fuch receiver, coHe&or^or eterk of the cheque, or their order refpe&ively; but if payment of the faid bill be not demanded of fuch receiver, eolte&or, or clerk of the cheque, and the duplicate of the faid bill, together with a proper certificate, be not produced and deferred to them refpeflively, within fix months from the date thereof, the bill is to be returned and cancelled, and the fum contained therein is to become payable to fuch inferior officer or tertian when the (hip shall be paid.

XIII.	In like manner, when wages shall be paid at the pay office, or at any of the out ports, if any inferior officer or fea-tftan shall be defirous to remit the whole or part of his wages to his wife, children, parents, or any other perfon, and to have a bill for the fame drawn upon any fuch receiver, collector, or clerk of the cheque, two bills are to be made out, one of which is to be delivered to fuch officer or feaman, and the other to be fent to fuch receiver, colle&or, or clerk of the cheque, who is to pay immediately the fum therein mentioned, without any fee or reward, taking a receipt. Such bill, together with the duplicate thereof, being produced at the navy office, shall be immediately affigned for payment by the commissioners of the navy, arid be repaid, by the treasurer of the navy, to fuch receiver, cellie&or, or clerk of the cheque, or their order refpec-tively : but if payment of the faid bill be not demanded of fuch receiver, collector, or clerk of the cheque, and the duplicate of the faid bill shall not be produced and delivered to them refpec-tively within fix calendar months from the date thereof, the bill is to be returned and cancelled, and the fum contained therein is to be immediately paid to fuch officer or feaman, or other person duly authorized to receive the fame.

XIV.	If any fuch receiver, collector, or clerk of the cheque,

(hall not have in his hands money to anfwer any bill tendered by fuch wife, father, or mother, aforefaid, and shall refufe or delay the immediate payment thereof he is immediately to in-dorte on fuch bill the caufe of his refufal or delay, and appoint for payment fome day within two months after fuch tender, and if,

,0.4	,	upon

/

Aono itriccfimo priuv> GpoftOii H.*/t&io.	\t758.

-upon qompl?int to the oorwniffvwrs ftfpodwc^ UppaJntod to manage ^he)and fax, cuftoms, -or1rcxcife,,or totbcjoootmiffion* ersof the n*vy, ie^>echvc]yv h ihaJL a^art th«t any Tueh^ cciver, col led or, or clerk, of	cheque vhtUv.uni>ccf&rily and

wilfully retqfcd or delayed payment, oftthatibe^ pKsdy ipejrfon employed by or vender him, hath taken any fet^c reward, -gratuity, dl (count, or deduction,. on account of paymeat«&aay* fuch bill, fuch commissioners may fine fuch offender in any Tom not exceeding fifty pounds.	.	,	.o	r

XV.	The wages, pay, and allowances, earned any in-dentured apprentice, shall be . paid to his mafter, as hath) been ufual, unlefs fuel* apprentice was above eighteen years of;;age when his indentures were executed* or shall be rated a* Je®-vant to any officer to whom fuch apprenticefhip is not known. ; in which cafe, fuch officer shall be intitled to thepayanjiwagps of fuch fervant, according to the ufual pradliceof thtmavy,un-til fuch officer shall be informed of fuch appiwtkefhip.u l G

XVI.	Captains or commanders of (hips are m traofinitfirom

time to time to the commissioners of the navy, atjtbckr board, complete pay books, lids, and tickets, and alfo once in every two months complete mufier books, under the penalty of forfeiting all their wages to the cheft at Ctothoniy and of being liable to fuch further punifhment as a court-martial (haH	ex-

cept in cafes of neceffity, to be made appear to the Cttisfo&ian of the lord high admiral, or commissioners of the-admiralty.

XVII.	The tickets, certificates, pay lifts, and bills, (hall.be

fufficient vouchers to the treasurer of the navy for jhc payments thereon.	u	-

XVIII.	Captains, or commanders, ifluing any tickets other than fuch as are dire&ed by the a<ft, shall be Tubjeft to a penalty of fifty pounds for every ticket, and shall forfeit all thfir wages to the cheft at Chatham.

XIX.	No captain, or commander, shall be liahleAo .any pe-

nalty for any offence againft the adt before thefirft of Juke+ one thpufand feycyi hundred and fifty nine, unlefe he hath previoufly received this abfifaeh	«	•

XX.	No letters of attorney made by inferior officer or lea-men, or their executors or adminiftrators, for receiving wages or allowances of money, shall be valid, unlefs declared therein

, $0 be revocable; and unlefs the fame, if made by any fuch officer of feaman then in the fervice, be figned before, an?cfatteft-ed by, the commander and one other of thefigaing officers (oi the (hip, or by a c;lerk of the cheque: and if made by any fuch officer or feaman after his difeharge from the fervice, unle&tbe fame be figned before, and attefted by, the mayor or chief ma-giftrate of the town or place where fuch officer or featnan lhadi then rel]de;.ror unlefs the letter of attorney, if made .by fuch executors qr adminiftrators, be figned before, and attefted by, flie mimfter ^nd churchwardens, or, in Strtlanh by the minifter apd two elders, of the pariffi where fuch executors Dradmini-

ftca^ors refidq.. .	.	  ^. , ... u ttrt'ii:

XXL All

iio^j

 

17584] Afttkotricelkfto prime Gcoroii II. C. to.	233

< XXL>AH letters of attorney, other than fuch as are made in madnerafore&id, and all bargains, Tales, bills of fale, con--tra<ftsv' agreements; and arguments, concerning wages or moan * ifersorofficers or Teamen, shall be null and void.

;^No more’than one fluffin'; shall be taken by any ec-dofiaftioai court, or other perfon, for the probate of any will* ^or Tetters-of adrniniftvation, granted to the widows, children, -fathers, mothers, brothers, or filters, of inferior officers, Teamen, or marines, dying in the fervice, and for the pains, trouble, and expence, attending the fame, unlefs the goods and chattels amt of the value of twenty pounds; nor more than two fhil-lingsy unlcfe fach goods and chattels are of the value of forty pounds; nor more than three shillings, unlefs fuch goods and ctatteli are of the value of sixty pounds: nor more than one ft^lUngifor ifluiog commUfions to (wear fuch widows, children, Others, mothers, brothers, or lifters, being executors or admi-niftrators to inferior officers, Teamen, or marines, and for the pains, trouble, and expence, attending the fame, unlefs the goods and chattels are of the value of twenty pounds; nor more than two shillings, unlefs the goods and chattels are of the value of forty pounds; nor more than three shillings, unlefs the goods and chattels are of the value of sixty pounds; under the penalty of fifty pounds, to be paid by the offender to the party

Whoever willingly and knowingly shall perfonate,or felfely affiime, the name or chara&er of, or procure any other m^penonate, or falfcly to affiime, the name or character of any officer. Teaman, or other perfon, intitled to wages, pay, allowances, or prize money, for fervice done on board of anyihip of the royal navy, or the executor, adminiftrator, wife, relation, oreredrtor, of any fuch officer, feaman, or other perfon, m order to receive any wages, pay, allowances, or prize money, or shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, any letter of attorney, or other power or authority what-focreryin order to receive any wages, pay, allowances, or prize money, or shall willingly and knowingly take a falfe oath, or procure a falfe oath to be taken, to obtain the probate of a will, or letters of adminiftration, in order to receive any wages, pay.

XXIV.	When the pay books are clofed, tickets shall be made out at the navy office to the Teamen who shall not have received their wages, and fuch tickets shall be paid in courfeonce a month.

XXV.	Britijb governors, minifters, and confuls, refiding at : foreign pans, or where no fuch are prefenr, ahy two Brttijb

merchants, are required to provide for feafaring men and boys, fubjedts of Grtat Britain, who, by (hipwreck, capture, or other unavoidable accident, shall be in foreign pam, or who shall be difeharged there os unserviceable from the royal navy, and fub-fift than at ffx pence ptr dim each; and lend them home as

allowances, or prize money, shall be guilty of felony, and fuffer death.



foot)



AnnotricefimoprimodEotoift II. C< 16.	[*758.

foon as conveniently may be, in any Slip belonging to the royal navy, or in any merchant (hip.

XXVI.	Matters of (hips shall be allowed fix pence per dim for all fuch men and boys as shall exceed rheir complement.'

XXVII.	Seamen shall eat be taken oat of the ferviefefor any

debt under twenty pounds :	'	>	■<

XXVIII.	But creditors may file a common appearance, fe as

to intitle them to proceed to judgement and outlawry* <tnd to have an execution thereupon, except againtt the bodies of, fuch teamen.	»

XXIX.	Receivers of feamens wages taking more than fix pence in the pound, (hall, for every offence* forfeit fifty poundsj fend if any fuch offender be a clerk, officer* or (fervent; 'It? all office belonging to the navy, he shall alfo lofc his place, arid fie incapable of holding any place of profit in any fuch office.

XXX.	Clerks, officers, and fervants, in offices belonging td the navy, taking fees (not allowed by the adtj for doing any thing directed by the ad, shall be fiabjed to the fame forfeitures.

■ XXXI. Part of several ads made in the ninth and tenth years of King JVilHam the Third, and in the fourth year of Queen Aunt, and in the firft year of King the Second, aod alfo another ad made in the laid firft year of King the Seconds relating to Teamen, are repealed.

- XXXII. This abftrad, together with the articles of war* shall be printed, and kept hung up in the tnoft publick place of every (hip of the royal navy, that it may be acceflible to all inferior officers and feamen; and every captain and command* er, shall caufe the fame to be read over once in every month after the articles of war are read; and the reading the fame shall be attefted by the captain, or commander, and fignitig officers* at the foot of the matter books: to the end that every Teaman in the royal navy may know (he puni foments he is liable to for any ncgled or difobedienee, and the encouragements he is> in-tided to by Use performance of his duty ; and that upon fuffec* ing any injury, he may be enabled to lay his complaint before the lord high admiral, or the oommiffioners of the admiralty, who are by the adt directed to enquire into the feme, and to grant redrefs, if fuch complaint be juttly founded ; and to take efpecial care that this act be punctually carried into execution.

cap;



1758-]	A01*0 tricefiino primo Georgii II. c. t%.	235

CAP. XI.

An aS to amend an a£t made in third year of tie reign of King William and £>ueen Mary, intituled^ An adt for the better explanation, and fupplying the defedts of the former laws for the fettlement of the poor, fo far as the fame relates to apprentices gaining a Jettlement by in-denture j and alfo to impower juftices of the peace to de+ termne differences between maftcrs and mifireffes and their fervants in hufiandry, touching their wages y though fucb fervants are hired for kfs time than a year.

WHEREAS by an afl made in the third year of the reign of Preamble, King William and tauten Mary, intituled, An act for the better explanation, and fupplying the defeds of the former laws for the fettlement of the poor, 1/ is enabled, lhaOifany person Jbouli be bound an apprentice by indenture, and inhabit in any town or parijbj fuch binding and inhabitation Jhall be adjudged a glod feet-tlment t and whereas fence the making the fetid a8y great numbers of persons have been unwarih bound apprentices by certain deeds, writ-ingSy or contrary not inaentedy by which binding many of them have fuffered great lofs and damagOy on account of their having been re-fufed a fettlement in fuch town or parijhy where they have been fo bound and refeded forty days, and have been removed to the parijh or place where their laft legal fettlement was before fuch apprenticejbipy where they have had no encouragement to exercife their tradeSy or opportunity to gain a livelihood by their faid trades to which they were Jo bound apprentices: for relief therefore of fuch apprentices, and for preventing the like mifehief for the future* be it en-aded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with tlioad-vice and confent of the lords fpiritual ana temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That no person who shall have been bound an pcpfon apprentice, or who shall hereafter be bound an apprentice, by apprentice by any deed, writing, or contrad, not indented, being firft legally deed, &cc. llamped, shall be liable to'be removed from the town, parilh, ?h?ugh !*ot. or place, where he or (he shall have been fo bound an appren-tiee, and refident forty days, by virtue of any order of removal, ftamped, it granted by two juftices of the peace, of any county, riding, di- intitled to a vifion, city, borough, town corporate, or place; or by virtue fettlement of any order of the juftices at their general or quarter feffions, ^Jeapprci*’ by realba or on account of fuch deed, writing, or contrad, not being indented of^Jy.

II.	Provided nevcrthelcft, That nothing herein before en- judgment,&c. aded, shall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to fet afide or to the con’-Sttake void, any judgement, order, or decree, which shall have trary made been made as aforefaid, before the firft day of Mayy one thou- ^^nJ***9 fend feven hundred and fifty eight.	be avoided

III.	And whereat by an act pajffid in the twentieth year of his pre+ hereby. fent Majejlys reign9 intituled> An act for the better adjusting and Aft *o Geo. %• more ca(y recpvery of the wgss of certain fervants, and for the *	\>Mcv





2$6	Anno	tHcefimo	primo	Georgii	II.	c.	12.	[1758#

better regulation of fuch fervants, and of certain apprentices ; it is enafted, That from and after the twenty fifth day- cS'March* one thousand feven hundred and forty feven, all complaints, differences and dilutes, which shall arife between matters ot miftrctTes, and fervants in hufbandry, who fliall be* hired for one year or longer, or which shall happen or a rife .between matters and miftreffes and artificers, handicraftfmen, miners, colliers, keclmen, pitmen, glafTmen, potters, and other labourers, employed for any certain time, or in any other manner, (ball be heard or determine^ by one or more juftice/or jwftices of the peace, for the place where fitch matter or. mi ft refs, shall inhabit : and whereas doubts have arifen whether the WPttls.any labourers employed for any certain time, or in any other manner, extend to fervants in hufbandry hired for a lefs time than one year; for obviating the faid doubts, be it enafted by the Recited aft authority aforefaid, That the faid aft, and all and every claufd extended to and matter therein contained, shall from and after the faid firft ^antsem. day of May, one thousand feven hundred and fifty .eight, be husbandry deemed and conftrued to extend to all fervants employed in huf-though hired bandry, though hired for a lefs time than one year ; any thing for a lefs time in the faid recited aft of the twentieth year of his present Ma-thanayear. jefty’s reign, or any other aft contained to the contrary not-withftanding.

CAP. XII.

An act to encourage the growth and cultivation of maddqfffi that part of Great Britain called England, by afeertain-ing the tithe thereof there.

WHEREAS madder is an ingredient effentially necejfary in dyeing and callicoe printing, and of great confequence to the trade and manufaftures of this kingdom 5 and may he raifed therein equal in goodnefs, if not fuperior, to any foreign madder: and whereas the encouraging of the growth thereof in this kingdom, will be a faving of a very large fum of money, which is now paid for. that commodity imported' duty free from abroad; and will alfo be a means of employing great numbers of poor in the winter months : and whereas the afeertaining of the tithe of madder will be tbi great efl means of encouraging the growth of that commodity in this kingdom: may it therefore pleafe your Majesty, that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellentimaje-fty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritutl and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflemb-led, and by the authority of the fame, That/fom and after the. firft day of Augujl> which will be in the year of our Lord one Madder to thousand feven hundred and fifty eight* all and every person and pay 5 s. per persons who (ball plant, grow, raife, or cultivate, or fcaufe to acre, nthe,	grown,	raifed,	or	cultivated,	any madder in any

parifh or place within that part of Great Britain called England^ shall pay, or caufe to be paid, to every parfon, vicar, curate, or impropriator of any fuch parith or place, the sum of five (hiL lings, and no more, yearly, and every year, for each acre of

madder

 

1758.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 13.	237

madder fo planted, grown, raifed, or cultivated, and fo proportionally for more or Jefs ground fo planted or cultivated, in lieu of all manner of tithe of madder; for the recovery of which fum or linns ot money, the parfon, vicar, or impropriator, shall have the common and ufual remedy allowed of by the laws of this realm.

II.	Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority a- and not to be

forefaid, That no madder shall be carried off the ground on	till

which it grows, before the fum or fums of money herein before tlt e e *** * direded t6 be taken in lieu of tithes, be paid to the person or

perfons refpedively intitled to receive the fame.

III.	Provided also, That this ad, or any thing herein con- Ad not to ex-

tained, shall not extend to charge any lands discharged by any tend to lands Modus Decimandi* ancient compofition, or other difeharge of d.ifcharged tithes bylaw. '	'	°	t,thes’&c-

IV.	Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority a- and to be in forefaid. That this ad shall continue and be in force for the force 14years, fpaceof fourteen years, and from thence to the end of the then

next feflion of parliament, and no longer.

CAP. XIII.

An act for allowing a further time for holding the firjl meet-ings of commifftoners or truftees for putting in execution certain ails made in the lafi ftjfion of'parliament.

WHEREAS by an aft paffed in thelajl fejfion of parliament, prcamb1ef re* intituled* An act for enlarging the times for the firft meet- citing ad’jo ings of commiflioners or truftees for putting in execution certain Geo. ». ads of this feflionof parliament; it was enafted* That in cafe . any ail of parliament had pajfed* or did* or Jhould pafs, at any time what Jo ever* during that fejfion of parliament, upon or after the day fpecijied in any fuch aft for the firjl meeting of the commifftoners or trteftecs appointed to put the fame* or arty part thereof* in execution;

in each and every fuch cafe* fuch commiffiontrs or truftees refpeftivefy* or the fame number of fuch refpeftive commifftoners or truficcs* as was* or Jhould be authorized to hold fuch fifl meeting* or any greater

number of them* Jhould and might hold their firft meeting, upon the fourteenth day after the paffxng of the find firft above recited oft* and proceed to the execution of fuch afts refpeftivtly* as effectually as if they had been nffembled on the refpeftive days appointed in fuch afts for holding their firjl meeting: and whereas the faid fourteen days have been found in experience too Jhort a time for the holding the firjl meeting in fome of the cafes aforefaid* in a proper manner, whereby Je-. veral doubts and difficulties have arifen* with refpeft to the due execution'of fome of the faid afts-* be it therefore enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fprrkual ana temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame,

‘That fuclV commiflioners or trbftees for putting fuch ads is a- Commifllon-forefaid, or any part or parts thereof, in execution refpedively, ers for certain or the fame number of fuch refpeftive commiflioners or truftees	jaft

as



2j8

inert on lift day after pairing this act, and put the fame then in execution.

Preamble#

Copyholdera ditabled from voting for knights of the (hirej

their vote void, and they to forfeit 50I.

Anno tricesimo primo 0E0R6I1 II. C. 14.	[175$.

as was or were authorized to hold fuch firft meeting, 6r any greater number of them, shall and may hold a meeting tni the twenty fitft day after the day of the palling of this adl, at (tich places as were refpedtlvcly appointed in fuch adts, F6r holding the fifft meetings on the days therein fpecified 5 and all fuen commiflioners or truftees, or any fufficient number of them, as aforefaid, being fo alfembled refpectively, on the faid twenty firft day after the day of the palling of tnis a61, shall and may proceed to the execution of fuCh adts refpedtively, and then* and from time to time afterwards, adjourn, and do and perform all fuch matters and things, and execute all fuch powers and authorities, as are mentioned or granted to them refpedtive-ly in the faid adts, in the fame manner, and as fully and effectually to all intents and purpofes, as if fuch commiflioners or truftees had been afiembled, in purfuance of, and on the re-fpedtive days fpecified or appointed in fuch refpedtive adts for holding the firft meeting of iuch commiflioners or truftees; any thing in the faid adts or any of them contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XIV.

An aft far further explaining the laws touching the eleftors of knights of the fiire ta ferve in parliament for that part of Great Britain called England.

WHEREAS by an aft made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majejty, intituled, An adt to explain and amend the laws touching the eledtions of knights of the (hire to ferve }n parliament for that part of Great Britain called England 5 it is enafted. That no person Jhall vote at the eleftion of any knight or knights of a Jhire within that part of Great Britain called England, or principality of Wales, without having a freehold ejlate in the county for which he votes> of the clear yearly value of forty JbillingSy ever and above all rents and charges payable oat of or in refpeft of the fame: and whereas, notwithstanding the faid aitt certain persons who hold their efates by copy of court roll, pretend to have a right to vote, and havey at certain times, taken upon them tf vote at fuch eleftions ; be it therefore enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the adyice ana confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand (even hundred and fifty eight, no perfoo, who holds his estate by copy of court roll? shall be inritled thereby to vote at the election of any knight or knights of a (hire within that part of Great Britain called England, or principality of Wales: and jf any person shall vote in any fuch eledtion, contrary to the tnge intent and meaning hereof, every fuch vote shall be void to all intents and purposes whatsoever; and every person (b voting shall forfeit to any candidate for whom fuch vote shall not have been given, and who shall firft foe for the (ame, the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered by him or them, his, her, or their

cx-





Anno tricesimo prim* Gxo*aiiII. c.15.	299	.

executor* tad admiD#rators, together with full coftxof Axtt9 witK full cofU by a<51ion of debt in any of his Majeftyfr cguita of record a*°f biit. freftminfler'y wherein no effoin, protc6honf wager of law, privU Onus probandi* lege, or imparlance shall he admitted or allowed$ and in every foch action the proof shall lie on the person againrt whom fuch aflion shall be brought.

iL And be it further enadtad by the authority afbrcfaid, That ?^hntiCs- pl^ it (ball and may be fofficicnt for the plaintiff ip any fuch a&ion upo^thc cafe, of debt to fet forth in. the dfclaratiop or bill, that the defendant v i? indebted to him in the fuvn of fifty pounds, and to alledge the offence for which the a&ion or fuit is brought, and that the defendant hath a&ed contrary to this a6t, without mentioning, the writ of Ammons to parliament, or the return thereof * and

So trial of any iffue in any fuch a61 ion or fuit, the plaintiff 1 nor be obliged to prove tne writ of fommons to parliament, or the return thereof, or any warrant or authority to the fheriff grounded upon, any foch writ of fummons.

III. Provided always. That every fuch a&ion or (bit shall b^xirotationof commenced within the fpace of nine calendar months next after aaion$. the fa6t, upon which the fame is grounded, shall have been committed.

IV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Statutes of Thar all the ftatutps of jeofails, and amendments of the law jeofails, &c. whatsoever, fhaff and may be conftnsedto extend to all proceed-	to

ings in any fuch a61ioo or fuit.	1

V.	Provided always, and be it further'enatfted by the autho-rjty aforefaid. That In cafe the plaintiff in any foch adfion or frited, &c. to foil, (baU difeontinuethe fame, or be nonfofced, or judgement pty tieble be otherwifc given againft him, then, and in any of the faidcol*s* cates, the defendant, again# whom foch a6tk>n or foit fhali have been brought, shall recover his treble cofts.

CAP. XV.

Aft eft for the encouragement of the exportation of culm to Lifbon, in. the kingdom of Portugal.

WHEREAS ft^e the late drealful earthquake, at Lifbon, a ..

cqvfideruble dtmtind hath arifen for culm to be there ufed, in ‘cam) the burning or calming of lime, for the purpofe of rebuilding of the faid city, and the exportation of culm to Liflbon, uoier a fmau duty, will greatly contribute to the more fpoedy and effectual rebuilding of the Jaid cityx as well to the encouragement of the trade and navigation of this kingdom$ may it therefore plcafe your Majesty that it may be $na6tedU. and be it enabled by the iLing’s moft excellent majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual apd temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, apd by the authority of the fame, That from and:-, after the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand feven hundred	foT

and fifty eight, it shall be lawful for any person or persons, for l5 years, and during the term of fifteen years, and from thence to the end of this tjien next feflion of parliament, to export any quan-

# titjr

 

240	Anno tricesimo pcifbo Geougii IL a ij; £175®.

tity or quantities of culm to the city of Li/bon^ in the kingdom upon payment of Portugal, upon payment of a duty of one (hilling for every °i Xa	ch^der ( Ntuxaftle-meafure) of culm (b exported, and no more,

and thee!?5 anc* ***** ratfr^or anY gwaiar or leffer quantity; foas the porter giving exporter (hall, before the lading of fuch culm, or laying the fecurity there- fame on board, become bound with other (u&cieat fecurity in treble the value thereof, to the commiflioners or chief officer or officers of his Majesty’s cuftoms, belonging to the port or place where fuch culm shall be (hipped or put on board (who hath or have hereby power to take fuch fecurity in his Majesty’s name, of landing the and to his Majesty’s ufe, and for which fecurity no fee or reward fame at LiKbon shall be given or taken) thatfuch culm shall be landed at Ufiion^ only*	in the kingdom of Portugal^ and not elsewhere \ and that aceftifi-

awbficate112 ®*tc o^er the handand feal of the Britijb conful general, ordepqty thereof within conful refiding at Li/bon, (hall, within twelve calendar month! 11 months, from the date of the faid bonds (the danger of the feas and ehe-Ship and culm mies excepted) be returned to the officers who took the faid be^feke? 'X)nc*8? t*lat culm hath been landed at LiJbon\ and in cafe el e * the (hip or veflel on which any culm shall be put on board, for which fuch fecurity ought to be given, shall depart or go out of port before fuch fecurity is given, in every fucb cafe the (hip or veflel, and the culm therein, or the value thereof, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be recovered, to wit, one moiety thereof to the ufe of the King, and the other moiety thereof to the person or persons who will feize, inform, or fue for the fame.

1,	.	II. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

levied, &c. as That the faid duty on culm exported to Lijbon shall be railed, the duty upon collected, levied, recovered, and paid, in the fame manner, eoaU.	and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, and by fuch rules,

ways, and methods, as the duties payable to his Majesty upon the exportation of coals are, by virtue of any law or ftatute now in force, to be raifed, collected, levied, or recovered. Limitation of HI* And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, aftions. That if any aftion or fuit shall be commenced againft any person or pe/fons for any thing done in purfuance or this a<$, the defendant or defendants in any fuch aftion or fuit, may plead General iflue. the general iflue, and give this a<ft, and the fpecial matter, in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon ; and that the fame was done in piirfuance, and by the authority, of this ad: and if it shall appear fo to have been done, the juiw shall find for the defendant or defendants \ and if the plaintiff (nail be nonfuit, or difeontinue his a&ion, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or if judgement shall be given upon any verdift or demurrer againft the plaintiff, the defendant and defendants Treble cods, shall and may recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame as the defendant or defendants bath or have in other cafes by law.

CAP.

 CjOOQle

ifgt*] Attn&tr&RmtfpflmcKJtdRtni II. c.t&	*41

'	CAP. XVI.

An a£l to enforce and render mre effeftual an ail made in the twenty fifth year of bis present Majefty's reign* intituled,

• A«v aift for annexing certain forfeited eftates in Scotland to the Crown unalienably; and for making fatisfa&ion to the lawful creditors thereupon; and to eftablifh a method of managing the fame, and applying the rents and profits, thereof, for the better civilizing and improving the highlands of Scotland, and preventing disorders there for the future.

W" H E R E A S the lands* lordjbips* baronies* patronages* tythesi

fi/bings* and other like heritages of Donald Cameron ^Preamble, fe-Lochiel, Charles Stewart of Ardftteil, Donal Mack Donald afj^1^clatute* Kinlochmoydart, Evan Macpherfon of Clunie, Francis Bu- * chanan of ArnDrior3 Donald Mack Donald of Lochgarry, Allan Cameron of (Jallart, Francis Farquharfon of Monaltree, and Alexander Mack Donald of Keppoch, by their attainders of high treafon for tbtir being engaged in the late unnatural and wicked re-bellion* became forfeited and vejled in his Majefty* by virtue of an aft made in the twentieth year of his Majefty* s reign* intituled* An c a<51 for verting in his Majesty the eftates of certain traitors, and10 ^ tm ' for more effectually difeovering the fame, and applying the produce thereof to the ufe of his Majesty, and for afeertaining and fatisfying the lawful debts and daims thereupon: and whereas by an ail made in the twenty fifth year of bis Majesty s reign* intituled, 15 Geo, *. , An ad fe>r annexing certain forfeited eftates in Scotland to the crown unalienably; and for making fatisfa&ion to the lawful creditors thereupon; and to eftablifh a method of managing the lame, and applying the rents and profits thereof, for the better civilizing and improving the highlands of Scotland* and preventing diforders there for the future; reciting* That the lands and eftates yf the faid Donald Cameron of Lpchiel, and the five-ral other per fas therein before-mentioned* which by virtue of the , before-mentioned off of the twentieth year of his Majesty s reign* and tf the feud ptrfons attainder of high treafon* became vefted in bis Majefty* wfreholdsn of fubjeft fuperiors, who had entered claims in the court of session to the property thereof ; it is amongft other things, enafted* That it Jball and may be lawful for his Majefty* his heirs and fuueffirs> by proper per fans to be appointed for that pur-pofe* under his or their fign manual* to tranjaft or .compound with fucb fubjeft fuperiors, concerning their claims to the property of the faid forfeited eftates held of them refpeftively: and whereas his Majesty has been pleafed* by his royal fign manual dated the twentieth day of March, one thousand feven hundred and fifty five* to appoint James Weft and Nicholas Harding, efquires\ to tranfaft and compound with the faid fubjeft fuperiors* and cj'.fidt ruble progrefshas been made therein: and whereas daims have been entered in the Vou XXII.	R	court

creditors of the forfeited eitates.

242	Anno	trlcefimoprimoGEORGH	II. C. 16.	[1758.

court of fejfioriy in terms of the faid aft of the twentieth year of bis Majejlys reign, by fundry creditors of the faid forfeiting perfons^ upon the faid forfeited ejiates: and whereas the faid tranfaftions and compactions cannot be concluded, and the price to be paid to the fub-jefi fuperiors afeertained, until the faid claims, entered in the court of fejfton by the creditors of the faid forfeiting persons, are enquired into, and the extent of them afeertained, which cannot be done without the authority ana interpofition of parliament; for retpedy whereof, and for rendering effeftual the good and valuable pur-pofes intended by the faid in part recited aft made in the twenty fifth year of his Majesty’s reign; be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present •fion to °roce‘ d Par^ament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That OD^ncfdeter* die court of session in Scotland, (hall, and is hereby authorized mine all claims and required to proceed upon and determine all claims entered* entered by the or that shall be entered, by virtue of and in terms of the before-r mentioned aft of the twentieth year of his Majesty’s reign, by the creditors of the faid Donald Cameron of Lochiel, Charles Stewart of Ardjbeil, Donald Mack Donald of Kinlochmoydart, Evan Macpherfcn of Clunie, Francis Buchanan of Amprior, Donald Mack Donald of Lochgarry, Allan Cameron of Calkrt, Francis Farquharjan of Monaltry, and Alexander Mack Donald of Kep-poch% upon the lands and eftates of the faid forfeiting persons, or upon any other lands and eftates vefted in his Majesty by the aforefaid aft of the twentieth year of his Majesty’s reign, held of fubjeft fuperiors, according to the rules and regulations, and in the manner and form prescribed by the above-mentioned aft of the twentieth year of his Majesty’s reign, for determining claims entered upon the eftates of forfeiting persons holding of the crown.

II.	And whereas it is tieceffary to determine and afeertain the annual produce or value of the faid efates; be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That aftions may be brought before the court of feffion, at the inftance of his Majesty’s advocate, for proving the faid annual value and rental, and alfo the value of* the faid lands and real eftates 5 which aftions shall be ferved againft the defendants, and shall otherways be proceeded in before the court of feffion, in the fame way and manner, and a-greable to the rules and regulations preferibed by the faid aft of the twenty fifth year of his Majesty’s reign, concerning the valuation of the other forfeited eftates annexed to the crown*

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

court to°bet, C That every decree or determination of the court of session in the final!, unlefs fa>d matters and things, shall be final and binding upon the application	fubjeft fuperiors, and all other persons and parties concerned,

for reverting jn cafe application for reverting or amending fuch decrees is not the fame be <ju]y maje in the manner preferibed, and within the time Kmit-liinitecTtime.*	* ty t^ie lad-mentioned aft of the twenty fifth year of bis

Majefty's reign.

IV.	And2 to the end that the interejl of the fubjeft fuperiors may

‘	-	no

Actions may be brought before the court for proving the annual rental and value.



1758.] Anno tricesimo primo Gsoroii II. C. 17.	243

no	ways be	prejudgedit is hereby further enadted by the autho- Subject fupe-

rity aforefaid, That it shall and'may be lawful to the faid fub- riors may ap-jeft fuperiors, by themfelves, or by their counfel, to appear in pear in court, the faid court when the claims entered upon the faid eftates re- die fpeftively held of them, or when the faid aftions of valuation claims are en-are heard and determined, and to objeft thereto as they shall tered, or ac-fee caufe. f	tionsofvalua-

* V. Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority afore- ilonulieai^’, faid, That nothing in this aft shall be conftrued to hurt or pre- and of jodice the right accruing to his Majesty, by the forfeiture of the rhefufreft forefaid persons, or tQ invalidate or destroy the claim of the faid fuperiors re-fabjeft fuperiors duly entered in the court of session to the pro- (exvcd. perry of the faid eftates.

CAP. XVII.

An act to explain, amend, and render more effectual an a£t' pajfed in the twenty ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An act for appointing a (uffiaent . number of CQnftables for the fervice of the city and liberty of fVefiminfter \ and to compel proper persons to 4 take upon them the office of jurymen, to present nu-fances and other offences, within the faid city and liberty.

WHEREAS an aft pajfed in the twenty ninth year of the Preamble, re-reign of his present Majefiy, intituled, An act for appoint- citing the aft mg a fufficient number of conftables for the fervice of the city 29 Geo* *• and liherryof IVefimtnfter \ and to compel proper persons to take upon them the office of jurymen, to prevent nuifances and other offences within the faid city and liberty: and whereas difficulties have arifen in afeertaining, who ought, in many cafes, to re-pair pavements and remove annoyances, and the [aid aft hath in other rejpefts been found infufficient to anfiver the several purposes thereby intended: therefore, to render the fame more effeftual; be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority Repairs of of the fame. That all pavements, within the faid city and li-berty, belonging or oppofite to churches, or other publick of annoy-buildings or grounds, which are the property of any parifh, and ances, belong, which of right ought to be repaired by fuch parifh, (hall, from time ingf? pariih to time be repairs!, and kept in repair, and alfo all annoyances belonging thereto be removed, by the churchwardens of fuch 0’,c gr^nd^to parish for the time being; and all pavements belonging or op- be done by pofite to markets, shall be repaired and kept in repair, and allt,lc church-annoyances belonging thereto be removed, by the proprietors of |f^giC"S5?n fuch markets, their agents or leflees ; and all pavements belong- to marker%%y ing or oppofite to hofpitals, alms-houfes, charitable foundations, the proprie-and all other publick buildings, not being the property of any tors. &c. parifh, shall be repaired, and all annoyances belonging thereto

R 2	bechan:abi«’S’

244-	Anno	triccfimo	primoGEORGii II. c 17.	[1758*

foundations, be removed, by the principal officer or person refiding in ^yajhef fuch buildings refpe&ively, who are hereby declared to be the Sftr^ereof; occupier or occupiers thereof ; and all pavements belonging or and to private oppofite to lands and grounds, or adjoining to any wall or grounds, by fence, where no houfes are eredled or built shall be repaired, and the pwners. an annoyances belonging thereto be removed, by the owners of fuch lands and grounds, or other person or persons, who of right ought to repair fuch pavements, or remove fuch annoyances. Annoyance as the cafe shall be: and it shall be lawful for the faid annoy-Jferybdy T' ance Ju7 apP°*nted by the faid recited a<£t, and qualified as inerits^and^n- therein is dire&ed, or any twelve or more of* them, and they noyances, firft are hereby required to present all bad and defedtive pavements, giving notice and all annoyances belonging or oppofite to all fuch buildings, of their mten- pjaces, and grotmds, as aforefaid, firft leaving notice in writing proper per- with fuch churchwardens, proprietors of markets, their agents tons}	or leffees, principal officers, or persons refiding in fuch buildings,

or owners of fuch grounds, as aforefaid, or affixing the fame upon fome publick part of fuch buildings, or on the walls or fences of fuch grounds, where any defective pavements or annoyances shall be found of their intention to present the fame; and if the fame and in cafe fuch churchwardens, proprietors of markets, their be not amend- agents or leffees, principal officers, "Of persons refiding in fuch ed*whhhTi^" buildings, or owners of grounds, as aforefaid, shall not within days, may fourteen days next after fuch notice giveh, caufe fuch pavements amerce the	to be amended, and annoyances to be removed, then the faid

faid persons jury shall amerce the faid churchwardens, proprietors of mar-the^atureof kets, agents or leffees, principal officers, or persons afore* the offence, faid, in fuch fum or fums of money as they shall think proper, according to the nature of the offence, not exceeding forty (hillings for any one offence.

Occupiers of fl- And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, houfes are to That all tenants or occupiers of houfes, buildings, or grounds, repair the *,n an places within the faid city and liberty, shall be fulyedfc and Snd“athe,1iabl5 to.rePj!r the Pavemer\ts belonging or oppofite to any fuch charges out of houfes, buildings, or grounds; and it shall be lawful for ail te-their rent; nants to deduct and detain out of their rent due or to gfow due, all and every fuch fum and fums of money as they (hail have expended in repairing fuch pavements, according to notice to be except where given for that purpofe by the annoyance jury, as aforefaid, (ex-contraft by	*n	^ucb cafes only where tenants are by any covenant, con-

keepthe fame tradt, or agreement, to keep fuch pavements in repair at their in repair. own expence) any law or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

III. And whereas the pavements within the limits aforefaid are frequently broken up and damaged by persons belonging to the several proprietors of water works, and are often rekid zvith bad materials y or in an improper manner; be it therefore further enalted by the broken up by au*hority aforefaid, That when and as often as any paviour, persons be- ’ agent, fervant, or other perfon, belonging to or employed ranging to^ny by any of the proprietors of water works, or any other person company of employed by them, or any of them, shall break, take tip, or arefto tercl* otherwife damage any pavement within the (aid city and liberty,

fuch



1758.J Anno tricclimo primo Georgii II. c. 17.	245

fuch paviour, agent, fervant, or other perfon, shall caufe the laid by them fame to be relaid or repaired as foon as conveniently may be,in a fabftantial with good durable (lone and gravel, and in a fubftantial and invent, workmanlike manner; and in cafe they shall not relay or re- cnt tirae-pair fuch pavement with all convenient fpeed, and to the fatis-fadtion of the person to whom the fame belongs, fuch person In default, the may at any time within fourteen days next after fuch pavement annoyance shall have been broken up or damaged, as aforefaid, apply to I111*?’ jjPJJj1 the foreman, or to any one of the annoyance jurymen of the and view * divrfion for the pari(h wherein fuch pavement shall be, who, thereof, upon fuch application, is hereby required, together with fix or more of the junrmen for that divifion, to view the premifles m queftion j and it upon their view it shall appear to them that may direfltbe fuch pavement hath not been relaid in due time, or in the man- proprietor to ner before diredted, the faid jurymen shall diredt the person to re ay 1 e whom fuch pavement belongs, or who is liable to repair thp fame, to caufe the fame to be relaid or repaired in a proper manner ; and when fuch pavement shall have been relaid oy repair- and upon hit ed, according to the diredlion of the faid jurymen, the person application to whom fuch pavement belongs, and who (h^ll have caufed proofof fuch pavement to be relaid or repaired, as aforefaid, may apply ^ charges, to a court, to be held by the dean of IVtjiminJlcr for the time being; or the high Reward qf the city and liberty of IVeftminfter for the time being, or hi$ deputy; the two chief burgefles of IVeJlminJlerj and the other burgeflfes, or any five or more of them, whereof the faid dean, high (leward, or his ejeputy, or one of the faid two chief burgefles, to be one; and upon fuch application made, the faid court are hereby required to examine into the premifles, upon oath (which oath they are hereby im-powered to adminifter to any person or persons for that purpofe;) the jury are to and the faid jury, or any twelve or more of them, shall at the amerce the (aid court amerce any colledlor, paviour, agent, fervant, or any other person belonging to or employed by any of the proprietors ,n 1 of water works, upon whofe account fuch pavement shall have been broken up orotherwife damaged, and which shall not have been rdaid or repaired as before directed, in fo much money, as (hall, upon fufch examination, appear to the faid court to have been juftly expended in relaying or repairing fuch pavements; and alfo in a further fum not exceeding forty shillings, nor lefs ^	™	**

than twenty shillings, for every fuch neglecfl or offence; which Ceeding4o/. money fo expended in relaying or repairing fuch pavement, (hall, nor left than when recovered, be forthwith paid by the faid court, to the per- J0/- for fuch fon who shall have caufed fuch pavement to be relaid or repair- ncSle&* ed, according to the direction ot the faid jurymen, as aforefaid.

IV.	Provided always. That no fuch amerciament shall be fet But the court

or itnpofed upon any fuch collector, paviour, agent, fervant, «to give no-or person aforefaid, unlefs three days notice in writing shall have t,cc £he a* firft been given by the faid court to fuch collector, paviour, agent, fmerdamen^ fervant, or other person aforefaid.	he impofed.

V.	Provided always, and be it further ena<5led by the autho- Paviour be-flty aforefaid. That no paviour, or other person or persons be- longing to

R q	long-	water works#

b before b&

 

246

breaks up any pavement* is to give notice to what company he belongs,

under penalty ef 4.0 /.

Annoyance jtfry where re-quifite may order the fpeedy removal of any annoyances or ob. ltru&ions;

and if not complied with, may a-merce the offender in a fum not exceeding 40 sf

No hourd or fence to be fet up in the itreets, without a licence fir It had from tile court. •

Fee payable for the licence.

Penalty.

Anno triccfimo primo Georoii II. C* 17. ' [^758,

longing to any company of water works, shall break or take up, or otherwise damage, any pavement within the faid city and liberty, without firft giving notice, in writing, by what cqmpany of water works he or they are employed, to the proprietor or occupier of the houfe, ground, wall, or building, to which fuck pavement shall belong or appertain, or by affixing \fuch notice upon fome confpicuous part of fuch houfe, ground, .wall, or building, where the proprietor or occupier cannot be found; any law or ufage to the contrary notwithstanding : and in cafe any fuch paviour, or other person or persons aforefaid, shall break up or damage any pavement as aforefaid, without giving fuch notice as aforefaid, every fuch person shall be amerced by the faid jury in any fum not exceeding forty (hillings for every offence.

VI.	And whereas the long time allowed by the faid recited aft^ for removing annoyances, in fome cafes hath been found inconvenient; for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That when and as often as the faid annoyance jury (hall, upon their own view and knowledge, find any annoyances, obftru&ions, or encroachments, upon any of the pubfick ways, ftreets, or paffages, within the faid city and liberty, of fuch a nature as to require as fpeedy removal as may be, or which can be removed within a lefs time than fourteen days, it shall be lawful for the faid jury, by an order in writing, left at the houfe of the person who shall have caufed or fuffered fuch annoyance, obftru&ion, or encroachment, to direft fuch person to remove the Came within a reafonable time to be fpecified in fuch notice; and if all fuch annoyances, obftru<ftions, or encroachments, shall not be removed within fuch reafonable time as by the laid nQtice shall be direfted, then the faid jury shall amerce the perfoapr persons caufing fuch annoyance, obftrudhon, or encroachment, in fuch fum as they shall think proper, not exceeding forty (hillings for any one offence.

VII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That no builder, or other person shall erefl or fet up,orcaufe to be erected or fet up, in any of the publick ftreets, lapes, or paffages, within the faid city and liberty, any hourd or fence what-foever, without a licence under the common feal of the faid court firft had and obtained ; in which licence'lhall be expreffed the length and breadth of fuch hourd or fence, and alfo the time the fame shall be allowed to continue; which licences the faid court are hereby required to grant to all persons applying for the fame, under fuch reftri&ions and limitations, as aforefaid, at the diferetion of the faid court; and no more than five (hillings shall be paid for each licence: and if any person shall eredt, or caufe to be ere&ed, any hourd or fence within the limits aforefaid, without fuch licence, or which lhall not be agreeable to the directions thereof, or (Hall fuffer any materials for building to remain on the outfide of any hourd or fence above the fpace of forty eight hours, every person offending in any of the cafes

aforc-

 LjOOQ le

247

1758.} Anno tricertmd primo GeoRgm II. c. 17.	•

afore raid, shall be amerced by the faid jury in a fum not exceeding forty (hilling* for every fuch offence.

VIII. Provided always, That fuch licences shall not be con- Licence to be ftrued to extend to be a defence to any profecution for a nui- no ^e£ence

fance.	J	lut\onfor°ICm

* IX. And whereas by the faid recited aft the faid annoyance jury nuiTance.

are impowered to deflroy all unlawful weights^ balances, and mca-fares^ of persons dealing by weight or mcafure within the limits afore-faid; and a doubt having arifen upon the conjlruftion of fuch part of the faid aft as relates thereto : for obviating whereof, be it enacted and declared by the authority aforefaid, That all weights and Weights and rtieafures made ufe of by persons dealing by weight or meafure,*Pealures within the faid city and liberty, shall be fixed and fealed by the marked by ftandards belonging to the faid city, and alfo marked with a port the proper ot-cullis by the officer already appointed for that purpofe, or by fuch ftcer* other officer as may hereafter be appointed by the faid dean, high fteward, or his deputy, the two chief burgeffes, and the other bargefles, of JVeJlminJlery or any five or more of them, whereof the faid dean, high fteward, or his deputy always to be one, at a court to be held for that purpofe (and by no other person or perfofts whatfoever) which officer appointed, or to be appointed, is hereby required, upon application to him made for that purpofe, to feal and mark, in manner aforefaid, all weights and meafures which shall be brought to him for that purpofe, and which shall be agreeable to the ftandards belonging to the faid city; and the faid officer shall demand and receive, for eacli weight and meafure fo by him fealed and marked, as aforefaid, for his pains and trouble therein, the fees following, and no more; that is to fay, for every bufhel, four pence; for every Officer* fees half bufhel, twopence; for every peck, half peck, and quarter forcing peck, one penny; for all half pecks, or quarter pecks, per dozen, j^re/ns * e ten pence; for every fack two pence; for every ale and beer meafure, one farthing; for every hundred weight, four pence; for every half hundred weight, two pence ; for all pound weights, . and all other weights under half a hundred weight, one halfpenny ; for all ounce weights, and all other weights under a pound, one farthing: and all weights and meafures belonging Unfealed to persons dealing by weight or meafure within the faid city and liberty, which shall not be fealed and marked in manner before ^deftroyed^ dire<5ted, shall be deemed unlawful; and it shall and may be as unla«vtul, lawful for the faid annoyance jury, or any twelve or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and required, to destroy all fuch unlawful weights and meafures, and to amerce the own- eivamereedi* ef or owners thereof, or the person in whole poflellion the fame a fum not ex-(hall be found, in any fum or fums of money not exceeding ceeding 40 s. forty (hillings for any one offence.

X.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the officer already appointed, or hereafter to be appointed as a-forefaid, after all neceflary charges and -expences attending the fixing, (baling, and marking fuch weights and meafures as aforefaid, shall have been firft dedudted, (hall, and he is hereby dill 4	reded

*4$

Scaling officer to pay half-yearly to the deputy flew- f ard a moiety of his profits.

Court, upon complaint, may amerce annoyance juryman, for non-execution of" his of- ' fice.

High confta ble toobey the orders of the court,

and petty con-ltables to be aflilting to him j

under penalty of being a-merced by the court.

Aged persons exempted from lerving as conltables, or as leet or annoyance jurymen.

Adjourn-menu of th^ court leet.

Court may amerce jurymen for non-ai tendance, or other negleft.

Ili-h bailiff, oi hi* deputy, to execute ail warrants of the Court leet, or.cburt of burgeiles,

Apno triccfimQ primo GeoRGII II. c. 17*	[1758.

refted and required half-yearly, within one calendar month nex,* after the twenty fifth day of March, and the twenty ninth day of September,. in.cvery year, to pay, or caufe to be paid 10 the deputy fteward of JVeftminJler for the time being, on account of his trouble and cxpence in attending hir office of deputy fteward of Wejlminjler, one moiety of the clear money arifing from or on account of fuch fizing, fealing, and marking as aforefaid.

XI.	And, for the better executing the purposes of the (aid recited aft, and this present aft; be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That if any annoyance juryman shall in any maryier negleft or refufe to execute the duty of his office of juryman, it mall be lawful for the faid court, upon complaint to them made of any fuch negleft or refufal to fine fuch juryman for every fuch offence, in any fum not exceeding forty (hilnngs.

XII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the high constable for the faid city and liberty is hereby required to obey all lawful orders which he shall from time to time receive from the faid dean, high fteward, or his deputy, at any court to be holden for the faid city and liberty; and all petty conftables are required to be aiding and affifting to the hign constable in the execution of all fuch orders and directions; and if the faid high conftable, or any petty conftable, shall refufe or negleft to obey fuch orders, or in any other manner milbehave in their refpeftive offices, the faid court shall and may fine any high and petty conftable, fo offending, in any fum not exceeding forty (hillings for every fuch offence.

XIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That no person within the faid city or liberty of IVeftminJler, shall be liable or compelled to ferve as a conftable, or to find a person to/ervein his llead, who is of the age of sixty three years, or upwards; nor shall any person be liable or compelled to ferve either as a leet or annoyance juryman, who is of the age of fevenry years, or upwards; any thing in the faid recited aft, or this present aft, contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid dean, high fteward, or his deputy, (hall, and are hereby authorized and impowered to adjourn the court leet heI4 for faid city and liberty, from time to time, as often as shall be convenient; any law or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding: and if any leet juryman appointed, or to be appointed by virtue of the faid recited aft, shall negleft or refufe to attend the fai4 court leet as often as thereunto required by the faid court, or in any other manner negleft or refufe to execute the duty of his office of juryman, it shall be lawful for the faid court leet to fine fuch juryman for every fuch offence, in any fum ftot exceeding forty (hillings.

XV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the laid high bailiff, or his deputy or deputies, is and are hereby direfted and required forthwith to execute all warrants which he or they have already received, or may hereafter receive, for levying any fine fet or impofed, or to be fet or im-

pofed.



1758*] Aimo tricesimo prime Geougii U. c. 17.	*49

pofed, for any offences againft the faid recited adt, or this present a A, from the faid court leer, or from the faid court of bur-gaffes, or from any justice of the peace before whom any person shall have been, or may be convidted for any offence againft the faid ads, or either of them; and in cafe the faid high bailiff, or his deputy or deputies, lhall refufe or negled to execute any fuch warrant or warrants, as aforefaid, according to the true ih-tent and meaning thereof, or to pay over all fuch fines as he and to pay (hall, from time to time, receive by virtue of any fuch warrant over the (urns or warrants, according to the true intent and meaning of the received, on faid recited ad, or this present ad, it shall and may be lawful	by

for the faid court leet, or court of burgefles refpedively, and the court, they are hereby authorized and impowered to fine fuch high bailiff, or his deputy or deputies, fo offending, in any fum not exceeding five pounds for every fuch offence; and if any fine or Fines impofed fines fet or impofed upon the faid high bailiff, or his deputy or £n-nr deputies, by the faid court leet, or court of burgefles, as afore- default in tte faid, shall remain unpaid for the fpace of one calendar month premises, next after the fame shall have been fo fet or impofed, the high constable of the city and liberty of Wejiminjlery is hereby autho- to be levied by rized and required by any warrant or warrants from the faid the high con-court leet, or court ot burgefles refpedtively, directed to him for ?abic* bJ {I that purpofe, to levy all and every fuch fine and fines, fo to be ftrc“ ^ fet or impofed on the faid high bailiff, or his deputy or deputies, as aforefaid, by diftrefs of the goods and chatties of the faid high bailiff, or his deputy or deputies, and to caufe fale to be made thereof, in cafe they shall not be redeemed within five days next after fuch diftrefs made, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner upon demand, after deducing the reafonable charges of making fuch diftrefs and fale, as aforefaid.

XVI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, High bailiff to That it shall and may be lawful for the faid high bailiff, or his retain a fourth deputy or deputies, to retain in his or their hand or hands, one °f £ncs fourth part of the fevcral fums of money that shall be levied by lcvicdbyhuni him or them, for the refpedhve fines fet by virtue of this or the

faid recited adf, in conlideration of his or their trouble and expence in levying the fame.	.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it declared and enadted by and pay over the authority aforefaid, That the remaining three fourth parts ofthe remainder the faid fines shall be paid over by the faid high bailiff, his de- ^ puty or deputies, to the refpedtive overfeers of the several pa- pari(h* to be rifhes in lVeJlininJiery within the like time, and applied by them applied as the to the lame ufes and purpofes, as are diredled by the faid recited former adt di-z6ky with refpedt to the whole of fuch fines.

XVIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Fines and a-That all fines and amerciaments which lhall be fet or impofed merciaments upon any person by virtue or in pqrfuance of this adt, shall and

may be levied, recovered, and applied, except where the fame otberwife di-are directed to be otherwife levied, recovered, applied, or dif- refted, to be piofed of by this adl, in the fame manner as the fines and amer- leT*d and ap*

directs.

High bailiff to tranfmit an account thereof to the court of burgefles,

to be entered, together with the licence fees for hoards, Sec. and their application,^ proper books,

which may be infpelted by the overfeers; and copies taken thereof.

Commencement and oon-tinuance of this aft.

Limitation of aftions.

General iifue.

Treble colls.

Places and

Anno trfcefimo prime GeoRGii IL €, i*f. [1758.

ciaments fet Or imported by the faid recited aft, are thereby di-refted to be levied* recovered, and applied.

» XIX. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid high bailiff, or his deputy or deputies, (half, from time to time, tranfmit to the laid court of burgefles, an account in writing of ail fines and amerciaments by him levied or received, in j$urfuance of this, or the faid recited aft; and that the clerk of $Jie faid court of burgefles, (hall, in a book to be kept for that purpofe, make a juft and due entry of all fines and amerciaments fet or impofed by virtue of this. Or the faid recited aft, and like Wife an account of all monies received in purfuance thereof, of on account of licences granted for erefting hoards, by virtue of this aft, and the application of the several Anns fo received 5 which account the refpeftive Overfeers of the /everal pari files in Weftminfler, for the time being, shall have liberty to infpeft at all feafonable ahd convenient times, upon application to the faid clerk, and take copies thereof fo far as relates to the faid fines.

XX. Arid be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That this aft and all the powers and authorities herein contained, shall commence and have continuance from a!nd after the twenty ninth day of September, in the year of our Lord one thou-fand feven hundred and fifty eight.

XXL And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That if any fuit shall be brought or commenced againft any per-£on or perlons, for any thing done in purfaance of this aft, or in relation to the premifles, that in every fuch cafe, the aclron shall be commenced within fix months next after the faft committed, and not afterwards; and shall be laid and brought ill the county of Middlesex, and not elfewhere, except fuch perfori of persons againft whom filch aftion shall be brought, shall remove into and refide in the city of London, in which cafe the faid aftion (ball be laid and brought in the faid city of Londc?:; and the defendant and defendants in fuch aftion or aftions to be brought, may plead the general ifliie, and give this aft, and the fpecial matter, in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority hereof; and if it shall appear fo to be done, or if any fuch aftion or fuit shall be brought after the time before limited for bringing the fame, or shall be brought in any other county, city, or place, than the county of Middlesex (except in fuch cafe as aforefaid) that then and in fuch cafe, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants ; and if upon fuch verdift, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonfuit, or difeontinue his, her, or their aftion or aftions; or if a verdift shall pafs againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs; or if, upon demurrer, judgement shall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs; the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have for cofts of fuit, in other cafes by law.

XXII.	Provided always, That this aft, or any thing or mat*

ter





1758.] Anno tricdimo primo Georgii II. c. i9.	351

ter herein contained, shall not extend to the church or college of r Wtjlminjitry nor to the clofe of JVefiminJle, nor to any person ££pted from or persons inhabiting within the fite, circuit, or precinft of the the jurifdic-faid church, college, or clofe, for any offence or mifgovern- tion of the ment to be committed by them, or any of them, within the fite, circuit, or precindt of the faid church, college, or clofe.

cap. xvm.

An a& for draining and preferving certain fen lands and low grounds in the ifle of Ely and county of Cambridge, between the Cam, otherwife Grant, Oufe, and Mildenhall rivers, and bounded on the louth eaft by the hard lands of Ifleham, Fordham, Soham, and Wicken ; and for ins* powering the governor, bailiffs, and commonalty of the company of confervators of the great level of the fens, called Bedford Level, to fell certain lands within the faid limits, commonly called Inverted Lands.

Preamble. Certain persons appointed commissioners, with others, to bc cbofen for the several places, to execute the act. An agent to be appointed for every *oo hundred acres any commifEoner shall be pofftlfed of, more than is required for his own qualification. Lords and ladies to appoint agents in like manner. The firft commiilioncrs for the several places.

Their continuance. Future commissioners to be chofen annually. Com-miflioners dying, or becoming difqualified, others to be chofen. Penalty on commissioners acting, ifnot qualified. Exception. Commiffioners to meet twice in every year, or oftnCr, if necefTary. Firft general meeting when to be held. Allowance to be made to commissioners for their attendance. Commiffioners impowered to raise and rtrengthen the banks of the rivers Cam, Ouze, &c. and of the several drains) and to lay proper tunnels and bridges; and to repair the fame, &c. Inverted lands not to be meddled with, without confent of the corporation. Power of making orders. Satisfa&ion to be made to private owners for damages done to their ground^. To be determined, in cafe of difference, by the juftices at the quarter feifions. Navigation of the rivers-not to be obftru&ed, &c.

Commiffioners to appoint collectors, and other officers \ who are to be removable, and to give fecurity. An acre rate to be laid on the lands for railing money for carrying on the purposes of this a&. Lands exempted from (ax. Such lands only as are fubjea to inundations, are to be taxed. Hod or turf pools not taxable for 4 years. Common grounds belonging to the poor, to pay only half the tax charged on other lands. Commiffioners may fever fo much of the common lands, and let the fame, as shall be fuf-ficient to pay the taxes charged on the reft. Taxes how to be levied in default of payment. Tax to be paid by the tenants, and deducted out of their rent. In cafe of a leafe, tenant to pay in proportion. Perfon not paying the taxes within two months after demand, to forfeit zs. for every aos. he shall be in arrear. Lands unoccupied, to remain a fecurity for payment of the tax. Commiffioners may take up money at interelt fof-carrying on the works, and affign the rates as a fecurity for the fame.

Charges of this a£1 to be paid thereout. Rates chargeable with the monies borrowed thereon, and upon default of payment to vert in the Creditors.

Alignments may be transferred. Affignments to be entered in a book.

Penalty upon persons cutting down or deftroying banks or other works.

Offender may be tranfportea. Perfons convidted of deftroying, flopping, or damming up the drains, forfeit 50I. and convidled of throwing rubbifh or other obftrudtion, 5I. For wan: of diftrefs the offender to be commit-ed. 10 /. penalty on making or continuing the ufe of watering places for cattle, after notice given to the contrary; or of driving carriages over the banks. Outring or divifion dykes, to be kept of a certain width and depth, and effe&ually roded and fcoured; bridges and tunnels to be alfo laid, &c. where the commissioners shall judge necefTary, under certain penalties; commissioners may caufe the fame to he done, and levy the charges, with the penalty. Application of the penalties. Regulations to he obferved in laying tunnels; penalty 51. Rates and artclfiner.ts to be

cntcr-



Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. C. 19.	[*75*

entered in proper books; and alfo accounts of receipts and dUburfementt* Accounts to be audited on oath half-yearly ; at which times, the collectors and receivers are to attend with their vouchers, Sec. Accounts, after they are palled,to be entered in % lets of books, See. Moles in. iandsad joining to banks to be deftroyed by the owners of the faid lands ; or the charges thereof to be levied on them. Tvo trees, holts, or buildings, to be fufler-ed to Hand near any mill or engine. Commiflioners impowered to ere& (launches for keeping up a head of water at proper places, in the drains leading from the Ikirt lands. Mills may be erected for draining arable lands which produce winter crons. Mills to be erefted, See. by .the com* miflioners for draining the trail of land principally belonging to lord Townfhend, See. General refervation of rights. Rights of the confer-vators of the great level referved. Recital of claufes in aft 15 Car. a. Sc so Car. a. The corporation’s receiver to pay to the commifTioners colleftor the rates charged on the inveiled lands, until the fame be fold. Conferva-tors to appoint annually a commiflioner for every 200 acres of the inveft-ed lands taxed by this aft. Sale may be made of the invefted lands; giving one month’s publick notice thereof. The fame to be difeharged of all former taxes; but not from taxes liable to be aflefled thereon after fuch Tale. Particular lands exempted from taxes. Difputes concerning the exemption of lands herein omitted to be exempted, to be determine bj view of 9 commiflioners on oath. Two copies to be made of fuch determinations, See. Limitation of aftions. General iffue. Treble cofts* Publick aft.

CAP. XIX.

An act for draining and preferving certain fen lands, low grounds, and commons, in the pari fees of Chatteris and Doddington, in the ifle of Ely, in the county of Cambridge.

Preamble. The fen and low grounds before defcribed, divided into two diftrifts. Certain persons appointed commiflioners, with others, to be chofen for the several places, to execute the aft. An agent to be appointed for *0 acres any commiflioner shall be poffeffed of. Joint owners of lands fufficient for a qualification, Sec. may aft as commiflioners, and appoint agents. Perfons difqualified from afting as commiflioners. Co rami (Ii oners to meet twice in every year. Firft general meeting when to be held. Adjournments, and other meetings of the commiflioners. Sams allowed to be expended at half-yearly and other meetings. Meetings where tp be held. Commiflioners impowered to cut drains, and perform all other works proper for draining the lands. Satisfaction to be made to private owners for damages done to their grounds; to be determined, in cafe of difference, by 4 commiflioners, who are to choose an umpire* Commiflioners to appoint colleftors, and other officers; who are to be removable, and to give fecurity. An acre rate to be laid on the lands for failing money for carrying on the purposes of this aft. Provifo. Landi exempted from tax. Quantities of land to be taxed, to be given in to commiflioners. Penalty on negleft. Such lands only as are fubjeft to in-pndatidns, are to be taxed. Commiflioners may lever fo much of the common lands, and let the fame, as {hall be fufficient tq pay the taxes charged on the reft. Commiflioners may take up money at mtefeft for carrying on the works, and aflign the rates as a fecqrity for the fame. Aflignments may be transferred.	Aflign men ts to be entered in a book*

Limitation of the fum to be borrowed. Rates chargeable with the monies borrowed thereon, and upon default of payment to veil in the creditors. Application of the affeflments, See. Charges of pafiing this aft tq be firft paid. Taxes how to be levied in default of payment. Tax to be paid by the tenants, and dedufted out of their rent. No order made by the commiflioners to be repealed, unlefs 5 confent. Penalty upon persons cutting down or deltroying banks or other works. Offender may be tranfported. Perfons convicted of deltroying, (topping, or damming up the drains, forfeit 50I. For want of diftrefs the offender to be committed. Allowance to be made out of the taxes for deltroying moles. Satisfaction tq bf made for damages done to the banks, by burning of the grounds*1

^	Penalty



253

1758.] Anno trieefimo primo Georgii II. c.

Penalty of throwing the waters upon another perfon’s lands, and not immediately into the publick drains. Accounts to be audited on oath yeat-ly 5 at which times the colleftors and receivers are to attend with their vouchers, See. Accounts, after they are paffed, to be entered in itfets of books, &c. Proceedings of commissioners to be entered in books, and figned, and may be produced, and read in evidence. Penalty of cutting turf within a certain didance of the banks ; and of making or continuing the ufe ot watering places for cattle; and of making any fock-dike, Sea. near the banks; the raid penalties how to be recovered. Tunnel to be laid under WimblingtonLeam, &c. unlefs a mill be erefted for anfwering the purpofe thereof. Charges thereof to be paid by the firft diftrift. Sufficient drains to be made in the second diftrift, in particular parts thereof$ and proper bridges and tunnels, to be defrayed by the second diftrift.

Fences to be orefted for each diftrift. Proprietors of lands in Normore, to maintain fuch parts of the bank on the weft fide of the Sixteen Foot, as adjoin to the laid lands. Tenants repairing the fame, or the charge thereof being levied on them, are to be reimburfed. Difputes relating to fuch charges how to be determined. No trees or holts to be fufferedto (land near any mill* Penalty on occupiers neglefting to rode and fcour, &c. the outring and divifion dikes. Cofltdtors may caufe the fame to be done &c. and levy tbe charge. Mills to be infured againft fire. Rights of the confervators of the great level referved. General refervation of rights.

Limitation .of aftions. General iflfue. Treble cofts. Publick aft.

CAP. XX.

An act for applying a fum of money granted in this feffxon of . parliament r for rebuilding London Bridge; and for rendering more effeftual an aft paffed in the twenty ninth year cf bis present Majeftfs reign, intituled\ An act to im-. prove, widen, and enlarge tbe paflage over and through London Bridge.

HERE AS by an aft paffed in the twenty ninth year of the reign * * of his present Majefiy, intituled. An act to improve, widen, and Preamble, reenlarge the paflage over and through London Bridge; certain tolls citing part of and fums of money, from and after the twenty fourth day of June *!}c aft a9 onf tboufand /even hundred and fifty fix, were thereby referved and Gco*l* made payable, for or upon account of every horfe, coach, chariot, bearfe^ berlin, landau, cdlajh, chaije, or chair, pafftng over the faid bridge, and alfo by the owner or owners of every hoy, barge, vef-fel, lighter, or other crafty having any goods on board, except as therein is excepted, every time fuch hoy, bargey veffel, lighter, or other craft, Jhould pafs through any of the arches of the faid bridgey and fuch tolls or fums of money were vefied in the mayor and common-city, and citizens of the city of London, for the purposes of the faid aft: and whereas in pursuance of the powers given by the Jaid aft a tonfiderable progrefs hath been made in taking down the houfes on the faid bridge, and two of the arches under the fame, in order to lay them into one ; and alfo a temporary wooden bridge was at a great expence erefted to preferve a publick pajfage to and from the faid city, which faid wooden bridge hath been entirely confumed by fire, and muft neceffarily be re-built, at a further confiderable expence: and . whereas it hath been found by experience that the faid tolls, or fums of money, will not be fujficient for ejfefting the ends and purposes for which the fame were granted and made payable: and whereas a

film





254	Anno	triceflrtio primo Georgii II. c. 20,	[1758*

Jitm not exceeding fifteen thousand pounds hath been granted to his Majesty this fejfion of parliament, to be applied for rebuilding of London Bridge: may it therefore pleafe your moft excellent Majefty* that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of 1	the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent

15,0001. to be parliament aftembled, and by thfc authority of the fame, That paidoutof the out of all or any of the aids or fupplies granted to his Majesty ed^or the^ear ^or ^erv*ce °f ycar onc thousand fevefl hundred and fifty 1758, into the eight, there may and shall be applied and paid into the chamber chamber of of the city of London, the sum of fifteen thousand pounds, with-London. out account, to be applied for rebuilding the faid bridge.

Tolls granted II* Provided always, That all and every the faid tolls or fums by the former of money made payable by the faid recited aft, shall continue aft to conti- an(j \yC jn force until the twenty fourth day of Juney one tbou-nextTsmd no* kn<* ^evcn hundred and fifty eight, and no longer $ my thing longer. if1 the faid recited aft contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwjthftanding.

III. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the charges and expences of obtaining and palling this present aft, shall be paid out of any money whiqh has been or shall be railed and received by virtue of the faid former and this aft. Continuation IV. And it is hereby further enafted, That all and eveiy the of fuch pow- powers, claufes, provifoes, matters, and things, contained in the ers, &c. of the faid former aft, except fuch as are hereby dilcontinued or alter-arenothereby shall remain* continue, and be in full force, and be execu-difeontinued7 ted, as well for the purposes of this aft, as of the faid former or altered. aft, as amply and effeftually as if the fame were in and by this aft, exprefly re-enafted and declared to take effeft and be in force.

Commence- V. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That ment of this thjs and ajj the p0Vvers and authorities herein contained, shall a ‘	commence from and after the tyventy firft day of Aprils one thou-

fand feven hundred and fifty eight.

Penalty ofwil-	VI. And for the more effeftually preventing any person or

fully damag- persons, from burning or deftroying the faid bridge ; be it en-ingordeitroy- afted by the authority aforefaid. That if any person or persons ingthebridge, foajj unlawfully, wilfully, and malicioufly fet fire to, burn, blow woricsthereof.UP> Pu^ down, or destroy the faid bridge, or any part thereof,

* or any works or buildings which now do or shall belong thereto, or in any wife direft: or procure the fame to be done, every fuch offender or offenders being lawfully convifted, shall be Death. deemed guilty of felony, and shall fuffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.

Account of VII. And be it alfo enafted by theauthbrity aforefaid,That the oiTof^th^mo" c^am^er^ain °f the city of London, shall lay an account of the nie^received* application, as well of the faid fum of fifteen thousand pounds, to be laid an- as of all other monies received by virtue of this and the faid nually before former aft, before both houfes of parliament, within twenty parliament. days ncxt after t^e opening of every feflion of parliament, in the fame manner as is direfted by the laid former aft.

VIII. And

Charges of pafling this aft now to be paid.

 

175S ] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. it.	355

VIII.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That if Limitation of any action shall be brought, or fuit commenced, aeainft any per*

fon or persons for any thing done in purfuance or this aft, or in relation to the premifles, or any of them, fuch aftion or fuit shall be laid or brought within fix months next after the faft done, and shall be laid or brought in the city of London or county of Surry, and not elfewhere*, and the defendant or defendants in fuch action, may plead the general iffue, and give this aft and the fpe- General iflue. cial matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon; and that the fame was done in purfuance and by authority of this aft; and if the fame shall appear to have been (b done, or if any fuch aftion or fuit shall not be brought within the time be* fore limited, or shall be brought in any other county or place than as aforefaid, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonfuit-ed, or fuffer a difcohtinuance of his, her, or their aftion or actions ; or if a verdift shall pafs againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs $ or if upon demurrer, judgement shall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the faid defendant < or defendants shall have treble cofts, and shall have fuch remedy for recovering the fame, Treble «>!**• as any defendant or defendants bath or have for cofts in other cafes by law.

IX.	And it is hereby further enafted, That this aft shall Publick aft. be deemed a publick. aft; and shall be taken notice of as fuch,

by all judges, juftices, and other persons whatfoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. XXL

An act for allowing further time for inrolment of deeds an4 wills made by papijls \ and for relief of protejtant pur* chafers.

WHEREAS by a clause in an aft of parliament pajfed in the\ Preamble, re-third year of his late^Majefiys reign, intituled, An act for cini^ the afts explaining an act passed in the laft session of parliament, intitu- 3	*

led. An act to oblige papijls to regijler their names and real ejlates% andfor enlarging the time for fuch regiftering \ and for fc curing pur* chafes made by prate (Iants; it was enafted, That from and after the N twenty ninth day <?/September, in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and feventeen, no manors, lands, tenements, beredita mints, or any intere/l therein, or rent or profit thereout, Jbould pafs% alter, or change, from any papijls or person prof effing the popijh religion, by any deed or will, except fuch deed, within fix months after, the date, and fuch will, within fix months after the death of the tefiator, Jbould be inroiled in one of the King's courts of record at Weftminfter, or elfe within the fame county or counties wherein the manors, lands, and tenements lie, in fuch manner as therein for that purpefe is particularly direfted: and whereas by several afts of parliament made in the tenth year of his faid late Majefiys reign, and in the third, fixth, ninth, eleventh, twelfth, fix t cent b, and nineteenth years qf the reign of his present Majefiy, it was en-afted, That every deed and will which bad been then made since the

twenty

 

z$6	Anno	tficeflmo	prifno	GbokgIi	IL	C;2	i.	[1758.

twenty ninth day of September, one thousand /even hundred and Seventeen, in order to pafs, alter, or change, any manors, lands, teguments, or hereditaments, or any intere/l therein, or rent or prefit thereout, from any papiji or person profejfing the popijb religion, though not then inrolled, Jhould be as good and ejfeftualiu the law, os the Tame would have been in cafe the faid deeds and wills bad been enrolled within the time limited, bt the fiid clause in the /aid fift-mentioned aft, for inrollment thereof, provided, the fend deeds and wills Jhould be inrolled on or before the refpeftive times in the /aid several ails refpeftively mentioned, in fuch manner as by the JaidfirJl-%0 Goo. 2, mentioned ail was direiled: and whereas by another ail made in the twenty fixtb year of the reign of his present Majefiy, it was enabled, That every deed and will made fwce thefirft day of December, one thousand /even hundred and forty fix, in order to pafs, alter, or change, any manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any i$te-reft therein, or any rent or profit thereout, from any papiji or person profejfing the topljh religion, to any protejlant or proteftants, or by reafon oj which deed or will any protejlant or proteftants may claim or derive any legal, equitable, or other inter eft whatfoever, to bis* her, or their ufe, for his, her, or their benefit, or to the ufe or benefit of any other protejlant or proteftants, though not inrolled, or not inrolled in due time, Jhould be as good and effectual in the law, as the fame would have been in eafe the faid deeds and wills had been infilled within the times limited by the faid claujes, in the faidafts for tie inrolment thereof, provided the fame deeds and wills jbould.be inrolled on or before the firjl day of January, one thousand feven hundred and fifty four, in Juch manner as by the faid clause in the faid firft-and 2$ Geo. 2. mentioned aft is direfted: and whereas by an aft made in the twenty eighth year of the reign of his present AJajefiy, it was enabled# fbft every deed and will made since the twenty ninth day of September* one thousand feven hundred and feventeen, in order to pafs, alterrer* change, any manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or easy)** tereft therein, or any rent or profit thereout, from any papiji or.pqr* fin profejfing the popijh religion, to any protejlant or proteftants, joe by or by^ reafon of which deed or will, any protejlant orproteftaufi may claim or derive any legal, equitable, or other inter ft wfaftfiver* to his, her, or their ufe, for his, her, or their benefit, fir to thy ujc, or benefit of any other protejlant or proteftants, though not inrolledjn due time, Jhould be as good and ejfeftualin the law, as the fame would ' have been in cafe the faid deeds and wills had been inrolled within the times limited by the faid claufes, in the faid afts for the inroUment thereof, provided the fame deeds and wills Jhould be inrolled, on or before thefirft day of January, one thousand feven hundred and fifty fix, in fuch manlier as by the faid clause in the faid firjl-mentioned aft is direfted; be it enacted by the King’s moil excellent, ma-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual ana temporal, and commons, in this present parliament a(Iem~ Further time bled, and by the authority of the fame. That every deed and gIlrn *dr *d"	mac*e ^ince twenty ninth day of September, one thou-

and^ilhof ^anc* ^evcn hundred and ieventeen, in order to pafs, alter, or papifts till change, any manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments^ or any 1 Jan. 1759.	intereft

1758.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 21.	257

*ntcrcft therein, or any rent or profit thereout, from any papift or person profeffing the popifh religion, to any proteftant or proteftants, or by or by reafon of which deed or will, any pro-teftant br proteftants tnay claini or derive arty legal, equitable, or other inttreft whatfoever, to his, her, or their ufe, for his, her, or their benefit, or to the ufe or benefit of any other proteftant or proteftants, though not inrolled, or not inrolled in due time, shall be as good and effe&ual in the law, as the fame would have been in' cafe the faid deeds and wills had been in-tolled within the times limited by the laid claufes, in the faid tf&s for the inrollment thereof, provided the fame deeds and wills shall be inrolled on or before the firft day of January, one thousand feven hundred and fifty nine, in fuch manner as by the faid daufe in the faid firft-mentioned ad is direded.

II.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall No deed, will,

extend, or be conftrued to extend, to make good any fuch deed, or leafe made will, or leafe, already made and not inrolled, of the want of S?**1 hereby, inrolment whereof advantage shall have been taken, on or before vantage has the firft day of January one thousand feven hundred and fifty been taken of eight, but every fuch deed, will, or leafe, shall remainof fuch force the non inrol-and effed only, as the fame would have had if this ad had ne- thcj'cof ver been made, and of none other force and effed.	1758^ 1

III.	And whereas many purchases made by proteftants, may purchafea be in danger of being impeached or called in queftion, in regard made by pro-that fome deeds or wills, through which the title thereto is de-

riVed, ought to have been inrolled according to the faid ads, no but have not been fo inrolled; be it therefore further enaded has been taken by the authority aforefaid, That no purchafe made for full and for oon-inroU valuable confideration of any manors, meffuages, lands, tene- mcnt* ments, or hereditaments, or of any interest therein, by any proteftant or proteftants, and meerly and only for the benefit or the proteftants, shall be impeached or avoided, for or by reafon that any deed or will through which the title thereto is derived,

Bath not been inrolled as required by the faid ads, fo as no advantage was taken of inrollment thereof, before fuch purchafe was made, and fb as n6 decree or judgement hath been obtained for want of the inrolment of fuch deeds or wills.

IV.	Provided alfo. That nothing herein contained, shall ex- No grant,

tend or be conftrued to extend, to make good anfy grant, leafe, leafe, orraoru or mortgage, of the advowfon, or right of prefentation, colla-	or-

tton, nomination, or donation, of and to any benefice, prebend, right of pre- ; or ecclefiaftical living, fchool, hofpital, or donative, or any a- fentation to a voidance thereof, made by any papift or person profeffing the living, &c. popifh religion, in truft, diredly orindiredly, mediately or im- papift in S mediately, by or for any fuch papift or person profeffing the tobe popifh religion, whether fuch truft hath been declared by wri-hereby deem, ting or not.	ed g°°d.

S	CAP.

Vol. XXII.





Preambit.

Anno origcfimo primo Georoii II. c.*z.

cap. xm

An *8 for granting to bis Majifty several rates ind dotftfa upon offices and persons \ and upon boufes; andttpdl tdik~ dows of lights *, and for raifwg the sum of five mUtieuf fa annuities, and a lottery, to be charged on the faid ns(aa ^ astd duties.	.	..	*

Meji graamti Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty’s mod dutiful and loyal fut^c€Ls^

commons ot Great Britain, in parliament a%mhleo» Jb?r ing defirous, by the mod eafy and effe&ual ways and means* to raise fuch fupplies as are neceflary for the profecution of tbepre*? fent war, and for enabling your Majesty, at the end tbqrcmttQ eftabliffi a good and lading peace, have, for that end and ppr* pofe, given and granted, and, by this present adt, do give aM grant, unto your Majesty, the several and refpc&ive dimes, ipi* portions, and fums of money, following, as well for and «pw all falaries, lees, and perquintes, of offices and employ ntcpUitt Great Britain, and on all penfions and other gratuities payable out of any revenues belonging to your Msyefty in Great Britain» exceeding the value of one hundred pounds per tmaeun, asfof and upon Rich houfes, and windows or lights, as ane hereto after mentioned$ and do moil humbly befeech your Majesty tW it may be enadted; and be it enadlcd by the Kong’s moft expel* lent Majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present ment aflembled, and by the authority of the tame. That front and after the fifth dav of April, one thopfand feveq hundred and fifty eight, there mail be yearly railed, levied, and pai<L por to his Majesty, his heirs, and fucceffors, the sum of ope Aifimg, over and above all other duties already charged or payables fof ^.11 IHv.iW *yery twcnty idlings of the yearly value or amount of aft ofpm^pen- rics> fees, and perquifites, incident Onto,* car received fort « ip (ions, and gra- refpedt of, all offices and employments of profit in Gr/atBp*-tuitiet, ex- tain; and the like fum of oqe fhilling for every twenty u*II~ ceeding ioou jngS> ^f ^j] penfoas and other gratuities payable out p( apyrpf tTp«Mvprr venU€ belonging to his Majesty in Great Britain*, exceeding J fie pouS. , t value of bne hundred pounds per annum.

X) t on fuch	And	^or	l*ie	better	railing^ levying, and receiving*

asUaJc°j?ayablc several fums of money and duties hereby charged for at £ke exebe- the faid offices and employments of profit; and for^ quer, tobede- the penflqns and gratuities afotefaidj and for the tppre^ dndedand putting of this oft. in execution in reference toethe fan by.£\. nereby declared and eoadted, T^hat a dedudtipp ihallJ ccct r f the faid fum of one (hilliqg out of every ty^Pty fo

payable for, of in refpedl of, the falary, wages/or tepa* pf any offices and employments payable by the crown ia Great Britain, which exceed one hundred pounds per annum; and for or in re-(pedfc of any penfion or gratuity which is or shall be payable out of any revenue belonging td his Majesty in GreatJBritqto c^cpcd* mg the value of one hundred pounds per annum* ind that the

mone^j

Employments





tfsfii] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. ir.



money fo deducted by the officer* of hi* Majesty's exchequer in and fuch'as England, ffiall remain there for the purposes herein after decla- Jit.*1*" red* and fuch pert of the laid money as Ihail be fo deducted by t£er pu^]j^ any officer or officers of the dutchjes of	and Cornwall, offices, to be

or by any other commiflioners, officers, and persons, by. whom paid over into the (aid nlanes, wages, fees, penfions, and gratuities, are or fhalltbe exche* . be refpc&ivefe payable in England, shall be by them paid into andVuch as tbe receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer at	;	and	fuch	diail be de-

Srt of the laid money as shall be fo deduced by any of the of- du&ed in era of the court of exchequer in Scotland, or by any commifli- Scotl*Dd> onem, officers, or other persons, by whom the faid falaries, wa- to be paid to ges, fees, penfions, and gratuities, are or shall be refpe&ively tbe receiver-payable in Scotland, shall be paid at the city of Edinburgh, to fuch f^bureh person or persons as the commiflioners of the treasury, or the	s	*

high treasurer of Great Britain for the time being, shall confti- ?nd by him tute and appoint to be receiver-general, or receivers thereof, for chequer at* bis Majesty’s life; which laid general receiver or'receivers Ihail Weftminfter. pay the fame into the receipt of his Majefty.’s exchequer at Weft- officer* of the minfter; and the officers of the exchequer are hcrehy directed exchequer to and required to keep feparatc and diftincl accounts of all fums	§?£

of money by them refpe&ively retained or received, for or in tit>a account nefpeCt of the faid duty on offices, and on penfions and other of the money gratuities, by virtue of this a<51, in order that the fame may be retained and applied to the purposes in this adt mentioned, and to and for no them, other ufe cur purpofe whatfoever.

HI. And whereas the profits	offeveral offices and employments in Profits of offi-

Great Britain, arife in the whole, or in part, from	cesrobeconr-

which an due and payable in the towrfe of office; it is hereby fur- as*they were^ tber ena&ed, That fuch part of the fums of money hereby rated to the granted, as are payable for or in refpeCl of the profits of any laft land tax* office or employment, in any part of England, Wales* and Berr wick upon Tweed, which arife from fuch perquifites, Ihail be computed, railed, levied, and paid, according to the annual value at which fuch profits ftand valued and rated in the laft afleffi> mem to the land tax.

IV.	Provided always. That fuch profits ariiing from filch profits to be perquifites as aforefaid, Ihail be deemed and taken to have been deemed rated valued and rated in fitch laft affeffment to the land, tax, at fo t0 tbf ,x"d much only, as the entire fum, at which any fuch office was va- much only as lued and rated in the faid afleflment, does exceed the amount of the entire Tam the fekiry, wages, or fees, payable as aforefaid, in refpeCt of tbe charged ex-feme office.	ceedsthefela-

V.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, Thatry" for the better rating, ordering, levying, and collecting, of the duty by this adt charged, upon fuch perquifites of fuch of the Commifllon-faid offices or employments as are in that part of Great Britain ers of the land caHed England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed j and for the to put _ more effectual putting of this a<ft in execution, in reference to the fame; the commiflioners of the land tax for the time being, tion as relates within the several counties, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, to the duties towns, and places, of England, Wales, and town of Berwick up- uP°n E*3ui" on Tweed, shall be commiflioners for putting fo much of this“te ■

S	2	adt

 

zSo	f Anna Wcsefimo primo GSorgii IL c. 22. [[175*.

aft in execution, as relates to tbe duty hereby * ehafgedxjpon the perquifite&of offices. f	*	;	03	in?.ncw

Com million* VI. And be it further enafted and declared* Thatfche fawral ^befre^d0*1 commiflioners aforefeid, shall meet together at jthe imaftaafari July yearly j 'anc^ common places of meeting ifeitbm each of the (aid doahtntf, ^	ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and!placed re-

fpeftively, within England, Wales*, and town of S/niM Tweed, for which they are appointed commiflioners as ^fontftsd, yearly on or before the third day of July, and afteriarirds in kkc manner, as often as it shall be neceftary for putting To much of this aft in execution, as is hereby committed to thdirloare and and (bbdivide charge; and the faid commiflioners, or fo many of them as shall themfclfci, be prelent at fuch meeting or meetings, or tht minor part of them, are hereby authorized and required, to put iomtsehas aforefaid, of this present aft in execution, and alfo,if thty fee caufe, fubdivide and diftribute themfclves* mi tbo^qthcr commiflioners not then prefent, into lefs numbers, fo as three or more of the faid commiflioners may be appointed for tile Service of each hundred, lathe, wapentake, rape, ward* or other divifion, as may bed conduce to the carrying or his.Majefty’s fervices, hereby required; nevertbelefs, not thereby to reftraia the faid commiflioners, or any of them, firomafting ascommif-fioners in any other part of the county or place for which they Cammiflion- are appointed: and the faid commiflioners, within the ievend ers at their, hundreds, lathes, wapentakes, rapes, wards, or other dWifions, trithiii m	Wales,	and	BervHck upon Tweed, or any two or more

^htdayl of them, are hereby authorized and required at filch general auerv ta rate meeting, or within eight days after, according tq the iboft of the amount of their judgements and diferetions, to afeertain and fet down in abtedUnairay wr*ting> *n a rate to be prepared by them for that purpofe, the oftcesandem- ’^nount of the faid duty of one (hilling in the pound, to be paid ploymeat# of -in purfnance of this aft, by all commiflioners or otherofficers, profit, in pro- their clerks, agents, fecondaries, fubftitutes, andptheij inferior portion to the -ori Riders and perlbns whatfoever, having, ufing, or^m^ri^ng they^ftand Ch aQY *e offices or employments, the falaiy,;wagp§* rated to the and perquifoes whereof, exceed the value of onehucdiedpounds laft land tax. peratmum\ within their refpeftive hundreds, lathes,;wapentakes, rapes, wards, or other diviflons, in proportion to* value, at which the profits of fuch offices or eftvptay^epftvre-fpeftively (land valued and rated, in the laft land tax, for the. faid refpeftive hundreds and divi{i?t}s fcfpec*-/* ; ‘‘ k tively : and to the end the aforefaid duty on fuch perquifit^stif offices and employments maybe duly collected, ^apd trueao t	jcourits thereof made, the faid commiflioners, ona^y thrceor

tfiqlKeaw more of them, are hereby required and ordered, witfiin the jtime thereof to be above limited* to fign and tori two duplicates of	nates

byffiein and hereby difefted to be made by them, and one of them *0 delir one delivered ver, 9* wife *q be delivered, to fuch persons as ihaUtJt^ be to the collec- collators < of; she land tax for each parilh and .piac^, pr . (ut^i tor», &c. with other two or more honeft and mfponfibleperfonsa vyftck wtkfting wraniffwtocK shall at their diferetion nominate pqiat* Xq

 LiOOQle

*75* !J Anno tricesimo primo Georoii II; c. 12.

beoolkftofs of tfais present doty* for each parish or place, with warrant to the collectors to colleft the fums contained in fuch rate*, rd^edfvely payable as aforefaid, fo asr the faid several fimwmary b6 paid to the receiver general at the refpeftive times ' herein limited; and if any person or persons shall think himfelf b/bo-or thoriffl tea aggrieved, by being over-rated by the faid com*- fng over rated, royfiotiers, ft shall and may be lawful to and for fuch person or may appeal to pcrfbnd* to appeal from the fame to the barons of his MajeRy's bar°n# ot cobrt of Exchequer, and the batons of the faid court, or any one “c cxc cqucr or (none of them, is and are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine all fuch appeals, on or before the JaR day of Afichadmes term yearly; and the faid collectors are hereby re- Colledors to qufred, njpon the application of any person or persons who shall permit wfpcc* thihfc bimfelf or themfelves over-rated to the laid rates, to per-tlon o{ thc “Wilt fuch person 6r persons, or their Rewards or bailiffs, or other ratcs* proper fepfrefentatives, to irrfbeft the duplicates of fuch rates, upon thedivifion or diRrift ot which he is collector, at all fea-fonable times in the day, without any fee or reward for the fame J and every person fo intending to appeal to the faid ba- Notice to be rons, lhall,‘ and he is hereby required to give notice thereof in S,vcn .thcm writing, to one or more of the collectors of the pari(h wherein iptpe"t},#on to he is rated, of fuch his intention to appeal; and it is hereby AppeaJs'once declared, that all appeals once heard and determined by the faid heard and debarons, or any one or more Of them, shall be final, without any terminedmbb ftrtther appeal upon any pretence whatfoever: and the faid com-miffioners are hereby required to deliver, or caufe to be deliver-ed, a fchedule of duplicate in parchment, under their hands and Jhe rate tube foals, fairly written, containing the whole fum rated within each delivered »» parish or place, unto the receiver general of each county, riding,thc recewrer city, borough* town, and place refpeftively, in England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, or his deputy; and shall tranfmit, or membrancer’a caufe to betranfmitted, a like fchedule or duplicate into the ojjce*

King’s remembrancer's office of the exchequer; and this the by faid cbitmfiflioners shall caufe to be done, upon or before the day pfHifcry firft day of Hilary Term, or within twenty days after (all appeals Term, pr ** being firft determined) for which duplicates the remembrancer, days t*r his deputy, shall give to the person who brings the fame, a determined) receipt in writing gratis.	'

VII.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the Duty to be ftid duty by this aft impofed upon offices or employments with- raifed,collect-iri that part of the kingdom of Great Britain called England, fn iike^mau-Water, znd Berwick upon Tweedy as aforefaid, shall in all re-„erf anTwith fpeft*, (ftve as is herein otherwHe enafted and provided) be fuch allow-taifed, le\4ed, colleCled, arid paid into his MajeRy’s exchequer, *nce«, and fSrthe'purpde in this aft exprefled, in fuch and ro like form arid mariner1, bnd with fuch allowances, and under fuch penal- ^^Tand ties, forfeitures, and disabilities, and according to fuch rules, tax of this methods, and direftions, as are prefcribed or appointed for rai- (cfliori.

Zing, levying, collefting, and paying the aid cotnmonly called The Land Tax within England, WdUs, and Berwick upon Tweed, jfi irid-by^an aft of parliament made and palled in this prefent

S3

feflion



%6t	Anno	triccfimo	primo	Georcii	II.	c iu [i•

feffion of parliament, intituled, Ah a£t far granting an aid to Ms Myejly by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervid of the year one tboufand feven hundred and fifty eight; and for enforcing the foment of the rates to be ajfejjedupon Somerfct Houfd . in the Strand ; and all and every the powers, authorities, rules* directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things contained in the faid aCt, for the railing, levying, collecting, and paying the rates or duties thereby granted, within England* fPaleSy or Berwick upon Tweedy ffo far forth as the fame arc not with refpeCt to the auties granted by this present aCt varied and altered) shall be in full force, and be duly obferved, praCtifed, and put in execution, for railing, levving, collecting, and paying the faid duty by this aCt impofed on offices and, employ-ments, within Englandy IValeSy and Berwick upon Tweedy as fully and effectually to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame or the like powers, authorities, rules, directions; penalties, forfeitures^ claufes, matters, and things* were particularly repeated and re-enaCted in the body of this present aCt.

Their royal VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That this highneifcs the aCt, or any thine herein contained, Ih^U not charge or be con-^^orvvale^T" ^ruc^to cliar|e her royal highnefs the princcfs dowager of iVcdcSy and°prince of or bis royal highnefs the prince of Waksy with the above men-Wales, not	tioneddutyor paymentofone (hilling out of every twenty shillings,

chargeable, by the year, for or in refpeCt of any fums of money or annuities given or granted by his Majesty to their faid royal nighnefles, or nor fheir offi- *bc officers or (ervants attending their perfons; but thatfuch foms cers or fer- " of money and annuities, and their royal highneffes, and their vents j	treafurers, or receivers general for the time being, shall 1>e free

and clear of all taxes, impofitions, and other publick charges whatfoever; any thing in this or any former aCt to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding. nor bis royal	be lt ^urthcr	by the authority aforefaid,

highnefs the That this aCt, or any thing herein contained, shall not charge duke of Cunt- or be conffrued, deemed, or taken, to charge his royal highnefs beriand, nor the duke of Cumberlandy or her royal highnefsthe prmcefs royal, reya^nor or hcr roYa* highnefs the princeb Ameticy or the officers or fer-princeft Ame- vaots attending their persons, with the above mentioned duty or £a*	payment of one (hilling out of every twenty shillings, by the

year, for or in refpeCt of any annuities or yearly payments granted or to be granted by his Majesty to their faid royal high* f nefles, and their fervants, for the time being, in reJpeCt of the fame; but that fuch fums of money or annuities, shall be free and clear from all taxes, impofitions, and other charges what* foever.	,

_	X.	Provided	always,	ind	be	it	further enaCted and declared

offic^andem- by authority aforefaid, That for the avoiding all obftruCfioiH ,ployments to an^ delays in collecting the duty by this aCt to be rated upon the pay where	perquifites of any offices or employments, the fame shall pay 4{id

Iaft affcifcd. be rated in fuch county, hundred, rape, wapentake, copftable-wick, divjfion, or place of allotment, within Englandy tVatkifnn^ Berwick upon Tweedy in which die (ame were laft aflefled, -and not elsewhere.	'	*

XI,	And





Anno trioeflmft, primo Gsorgii II. c. 29.	«6j

XI.	And be it further eoaded, That the firft half-yearly Firft half year*

payment of the ia^d afleCTmeut* for England. Walts, and town of {£	to

Benu'uk upon Iwttd,(hall be levied, collected, and paid unto the	t0°Oe-

receivera general of the laid foveral counties, cities, and other tober, and the places^ w]ho shall be appointed as aforefaid, on or before the lattow or lw-tenth day, of	OMdbtryearly* and the laft of the faid half yearly fore 5 April

payments, pa or before the fifth day of April yearly.	year y‘

XII.	And, be it further ena&cd by the authority aforefaid, Rece;yer_ene

That >fwry receiver general in England,	and	Btnuick	„i within a

a 'panTwittd, from time to time, within the fpace of one month month after nez^jafter he shall have received the full fum that shall be Cff.tj.vin8,the charged within any hundred or divifion, for fucb particular pay- yjj* t^ivetilfe ment that is to be made to fuch receiver general by virtue of commHIioners this adt, (hallgiveto fuch commillionersas Ihalladt in fuch divifion a- receipt.

or hundred, a receipt under his hand and foal, acknowledging the receipt of the full fum charged within fuch hundred or mvi-fiort, for fuch particular payments; which receipt shall be a full w|1jcj1 (j,au difeharge to each hundred or divifion, for fuch particular pay- afolldifcharge ment, again ft his Majesty, his heirs, and fucccfibrs; which (aid for payment i receiver general are hereby required forthwith, or at furthelt Receiver* ge- % within twenty days after the receiptof any money of the taxes or ner?*w,thm duties by this aa granted, to tranfmit or caufe to be paid the moofy by diem received into tbe receipt of his Majesty’s to the exchc. exchequer.	quer.

XDl. And be it further enaded. That if. any collector of any _	„

nailfh pr place in England, Walts, or Berwick upm Twttd, shall keep'ing'the keq> in his h%nds any part of the money by him collected for money in their any longer time than is by this a& directed (other than the al- hands, or pay-lowaoce made unto him by this a&) or shall pay any part thereof “VS h other-lo any person or persons other than the receiver general of fuen JJJJ? receiver county or place, or to his refpedtive deputy, that every fuch col- general forfeit le&or shall forfeit for every fuch offence, the sum of forty pounds; 40). and in c$fo any receiver general of any part of England, Worn, _ px Btjviil iipM Tjottd,or bis deputy, shall pay any part of the monies.paid to him or them by any collector by virtue of this 90, ^any person or persons wbatfoever, other than into the '

Receipt of, bis Majesty’s exchequer, and at or within the refpe0hrc

tb| qigh treafurer, commiffoners of the treasury, or under trea- the money filter, tor tip time being, or upon any tally of pro, or tally of an- ^J'*^j.,cetxh*n fiapatum, or other way or device whatfoever, whereby to divert chequer, fan dir hinder tHe a(ftual payment thereof into the receipt of tbe ex- feit 500U chfiqupr, #as. afprefaid, then every fuch receiver general (hall, tea fjyeiy finch offence of himfolf, or his deputy, forfeit the sum of-five hundred pounds to: him or them that shall fue for the j^poeip any court of record, by bill, plaint, or information; wherein no efibin, protection, or wager of law, is to be allowed.

Cj.jXlV- yfiind.be it further ena0ed by the authority aforefaid,

I^ jfjwwiflw^as pf ■ th* JWPty fa*% tjme being, for § 4	put-

 

%6+	Anno	triocllmo	prinio	GfiORGli II. Cjf'ttit*	*

Commiflioners putting hi execution any aft for rtnfing the aid coihthonly ddM uxhTscS- ^NfCeft or Land Tax, within the feteral (hires of Scotland, <k to put foch of thfcm Who have qualified, or shall qualify thefflfehreS; thi« aft in ex. according tdihe laws of $cotiand\x\ that behalf, (haM becommif- I ecution there; fionefs for ordering, railing, and levying, the duty hereby granted on the perquifites of offices and employments, exereifed Within the fame (hires, or within any boroughs within the fame refpe^ tively ; which faid commissioners mall put in execution this present aft, and the powers therein contained. Within *nd for the fame (hires and boroughs rerpeftively; and the Aid dote-miffloners have hereby power to chufe tneir own clerk, and t6 do every thing concerning the faid fupply, as is preferibed and according to appointed by the cefs aft of the fixth of November; onethoufand an ce*# ^of^cvcn hundred and fix, and other afts made in any formefr^ar-&c.0? 17 # liamentof Scotland, towhich the faidaft of thefi*tl)df November, One thousand feven hundred and fix, doth relate, holding the * fame as if herein repeated.

Execution to XV. And it is hereby further enafted, That execution fttafl be done h* by be done in Scotland for bringing the faid duty to be raiftd there, ^fk-K is as *s Prov^e<^ by the fame afts in all points not altered by this pjrecri e .	a#. an(j tj,at tjlc fjrft meeting of the faid comrniffiorters for

fo^'at^he2 ^,rCS 'n Scotland, shall be at the refpeftive head burghs thereof, headCburghs *bc fccopd Monday in July in every year; and that the (herilR, on the second or their deputies, do intimate the lame to the faid commlflioneii Monday in Ju- of their (hires, with power to the find commissioners, to appoint ly yearly, See. fubfcquent diets of their meetings, and their convenors, from tithe to time; and alfo to appoint collectors, with fuch cautiod as they shall think fit.	4

AUclanfesin XVI. And be it further enafted by the' authority fcforefirtd, former afts re> That all claufes contained in former afts of parliament of Seotldmk latiag to the and convention of eftates there, in relation to the bringing iff of bernS&gTtl?€ **lc cc^s’ aiu' <luartcr*ng> and touching riding money, mall (land be m forcea* iTt f°rce» as to the fupply now impofed upon Scotland) aw If • to the fupply they were herein exprefled, and as they were obferved before the herrihgranted pakine this aft.	j,<	>

Cferkt of the XVII. And it is hereby further enafted, That the dftktrf IherilTs court the jberiff'i court in each (hire in Scotland, shall yearly on or hfefote to deliver ye^r- the tenth day of June, deliver to the faid commiflionefs of ibppty forego June ^or ^ch	a true and exaft lift of all and every office of etri-

tothe*commif-P*°ymcnt profit* exereifed in fuch (hire, and evtiy'burgh* fiohers, within the fame; and alfo do, and (hall, within the time srfbr^ c!udeliver, or caufe to be delivered, a duplicate of fatit'lift^ to deputy remembrancer of his Majefty*s court of Rxtbeytui and adupli-^	Scotland;	and in cafe any clerk of the Jheriff'i copri(hall ttegteft

rate‘thereof to ^ deliver fuch lift, or the duplicate thereof, within the tforW the deputy re- herein before mentioned, or shall wilfully omit out of filch lifts* mehibrancer ar the duplicate thereof, any office or employment that ought to °«er ' have been irifCrted therein, he (hall, for every fuch ofiekrte,'fbt^ on penalty of fek the sum of fifty pounds sterling.	’	'r

56terr.fr ;r ■ XVIII; And if is forth?;: enafted, That the faid domrniffiWerj rsd rri ;.m in tb6i>-(hires do, and shall yearly on orkefonfr-Tfin 9djtentfy

\



*75&1 Ailnotdaefitni»primo GEO&6ii II. Ci29.	265

tenth day ($f Jnbt (according to the heft of their judgments and Comnnflteier* diferetibns, afcertain, and, Wl down >n writing, in a rate or afleff- ®" ^lywariv meat to he prepared by thitm,for that purpofc, the annual value torwetha im! of all and>qvery office and ^employment, exercifed in fuch (hire, nu»l value of and in every burgh within the fame ; and do therein rate and ■** officssand aflefs the iaidfum of one (hilling for every twenty (hillings of aJJ^^dTsTn** the annual value thereof, on the officers and persons who then J!r ^u'nd, do, or shall execute any fuch office or- employment, the falary, all mch a» fees i and perqu£tc$ of office whereof, exceed one hundred ihall exceed pounds per annum ; and in cafe the faid commissioners of fupply 1001 P*r an* for any (hire in Scotland* shall negjed to make fuch rate and af- o^ommiffi- • (efifnent, within the time herein before limited for that purpofe, oners negled, in that cafe, the (heriff depute of the county, (hall, and is hereby flwriff depute required, on or before the twenty fifth day of July* yearly, ac- tot™ake ,“ctl cording tp>the beft of his judgment and diferetion, to make andrat0* perfect fuch rate or a(Te(Tment in writing; and a note of the (aid Note of t]M refpcCtive rates or afieffinents, (hall,. within fix days after the rate, within making and perfecting thereof, be lodged by the clerk of the 6 da after comipiffioners, or the faid (heriff depute refpeCHvely, in thef® hands of the collector of the cefs or land tax, for the time being, {he colleSor l° fop each county or burgh within Scotland, who shall be, and is ofthelandtax. hereby appointed, impowered, and required, to be collector thereof; and every fuch collector of the cefe or land tax, and his c cautioners, or fecurity, shall be bound ipfi , by virtue of boo„d in this aCt, for the due and faithful performance by fuch collector, penalty for the of all parteof the duty of the office hereby committed to him in faithful per-refpcCtof the faid rates and afiefiinents, and that underthe penalty formance °* of one hundred pounds ftcrling; and that every fuch collector of “J* the cefs, shall be intitled to have an allowance from the receiver general of the sum of three pence per pound of the money by tfce pound for him collected and paid over to fuch receiver general; and the their trouble, persons (b rated and charged with the faid duty on their refpec-tive offices and employments, (hall, bv themfelves, or others for their-behoof, pay in the duty with which they werecharged,<on pr before the tenth day of Oliobcr* yearly, for the half year be- Duty to be twtxt Whi\fimdaj and Martinmas, and on or before the fifth day paid half year* of April, yearly, for the half year betwixt Martinmas and Wbit- jy. on °rbe-fimday, to the collector of the cefs, perfonally, or at his office by him held fop: the receiving the land tax; unlefs fuch person shall pra^ '* ; enter an appeal againft the affeffment made, in which cafe fuch except ia exappeal (haH be dijeufled before payment, in manner herein after appeal, provided; and ip cafe of appeal. Inch payment shall be made an<J |j)ef)vv;th, within ten days after difeuffing or difiniffing fuch appeal, in the ;n lo d,y, & manner herein after provided; and that every person fo rated ter bearing aodaflefled, (hall, in cafe of his not paying in the duties with ,he yvhich he is charged, to the collector of the cefs, upon the day npeft'which he is hereby appointed to pay the feme, or within °J? fodyfow* three days after, forfeit treble the value and extent of the duty j>ue{”W£ **"

with which he (tands charged.	  *	.

. XJX. And be it further enoCted, That it (ball be , in the Appeal may power qftbeperfons liable to, and aflefled forjtho duty, afqrafeid, be made in be-



0

*66	Anno	ttiodinao prim»0<wju>i* U. p,*?,

fabjeft, or of in cafe they shall conceive th^oifelve^ to beiniueed J^y.the th* h^Wn' *f ment *n^ charge made upon them by the (aia commiffianex* of the exchequer. fapptyor A*™* depute} or to the colleaors, or any ottoredU cer of the crown, if he shall judge the crownto.be u^^, oy the All appeal* to afleflinent or charge made determined on or before

Vcr oi me uukii, it 11c uwujuu^c uic wuwu iu.uc m

afleflinent or charge made: to appeal to the taronsx of exchequer in Scotland, who are to determine finallyj

becourt

upH^p-

Notke to be his houfe, by the collector by him (elf, or fipme othca- pejrWfiwlr feftor of'the ***8 on behalf, deliver, or caufe to be delivered, io the c^le&or intention and °f the ccfs, at his office, a note In writing of the wfpngor^griev* cauft of ap- ance of which fuch perion complains, and thereof b^T£baLU b* peal j	minded to feek red refs by appeal* and fuch colle&of is hereby

an*en trvthere- f° ma*t€ an tntTY* to ^ k*pt ty kim ^or pUrpofe, °f &«»

anen rv cr -	g|vcn	|0	him*

an entry there of.

Appeal if not XX. And be it further enaded, That in cafe the partygiving prolecr*"'	-r--------T--------*■	/1--"	 *-rv	“

profecuted within due time.

£udh potico of an appeal or complaint, shall neglcdt to inlU* thereon before the faid barons within the time before Cmited, then and in that cafe fuch complaint or appeal shall be held to be fallen from, and the charge or afieffinent therein referred-or if the afleff- shall (land in full forces and in all cafes of appeals fallen from, »“**• or upon hearing whereof the faid barons (hail not vary the rate, armed, the barons shall and may order the appellant to pay to the coilec* appellant for. tor any fum not exceeding twenty (hillings lterling, as they (halt feitt to the think proper, as and for the cods he may have been at by re^foa colleftor zot. of fuch appeal.	...

Duty to be XXI. And it is hereby ena&ed by the authority qfor^Ciid, paid where That every person rated or aflefled for any office or employment the offices are in Scotland,fhall be rated, and pay for his faid office or employ?, exercifed j ment in the (hire where the fame shall be exercifed, afrjyaug)/!

the revenue or profits arifing by fuch office or employmet^t ^f payable elfewbere.	.	. ,1, ,,

XXII. And it is hereby declared and ena&cd bv (he atjthor^y aforefaid. That the money impofed on offices ana employments! in Scotland, be railed in Scotland in the refpe&lve (hires, ftewaf? tries, cities, and boroughs, free of all charges to his Majesty, fave as is herein before mentioned { and shall in like manner be paid at the city of Edinburgh, to fuch person or persons qsfhe cei.er genera) commissioners of tire treafuiy, or the high treawrer of Great at Edinburgh,	Britain for the time being, (nail confiitute and appoint to . Jbe

an <Tby him receiver general or receivers thereof, for his Majesty s ufc which th* <x* laid general receiver or receivers shall be anfwerable and account? chequer. able for the (ameto his Majefiy in the exchequer.

Where two or XXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby ena<fied, TI»a? more offices, where any person shall have, ufe, or exercife, two or more offi? exceeding to- ces or employments in any part of Great Britain, the /alary and getbar soot, perquifites whereof together exceed the sum ofonehundredpousd* exerdfed * year, that Perf°n shall be rated and liable tq pay the (qift one perfon, him of one (hilling in the pound for the profits of fuch offices fuck person is and employments, notwith(Un<}it»g the (alary and peranifitea^t

to pay IS. per	’

and to be raifed free of all charges, other than as before allowed, and to be paid to the re-

 (JooQle

1758.] AnnotricefimoprimoGeorgii'II. cat.	*6?

no one of the (aid offices are of the value of one hundred pounds pound for the per annum.	fame-

XXIV.	Provided always. That nothing in this aft contained Military offi-(hall extend, or be connrued to extend, to the pay of com- oers,&c.oftb« miffion or non-commiffion officers or private men ferving in the army or navy, navy or army.	exempted

?roTd^,alway5& Th-ai no cof the land tax tn Engkmd,Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, or commiffioner holding offices of the fupply in Scotland, who shall be pofiefied of any office of liable to be employment fubjed and liable to the duty hereby impofed, shall rated, *? fit, or aft, or any way interfere in rating his own office or em- the rating UD ployment, but (nail withdraw until the rating thereof be fettled thereof be and determined by the reft of the commissioners then prefent; fettled by the and in default thereof the reft of the commissioners then prefentreft of the shall have power, and are hereby required to impofe fuch fine c°‘nauflu,nerH or fines as to them shall be thought fit, upon fuch commiffioner (o refuting to withdraw, or ading in his own caufe, not exceeding	.	,

one hundred pounds sterling; and caufe the fame to be levied and paid as other fines and forfeiture! to be impofed by virtue of this ad are to be levied and paid in England and Scotland re-

l|lvCUvCly«

XXVI.	And be it enacted, That in all cafes where any fees,

falaries, wages, or other allowances or profits on any offices or on£ee** employments of profit charged by this ad, shall be payable at the not paidfmay receipt of the exchequer, or by the cofferer of his Majesty’s houf- be ftopt at the hold, or out of any other publick office, or by any of nis Majesty’s publick offices, recovers or paymafters in Great Britain, the duty or payment which, in purfuance of this ad, shall be charged for or in refped of fuch offices or employments, shall and may (in calc of nonpayment thereof) be detained and (topped out of the fame, or out of any money which shall be paid upon fuch fees, ialaries, wages, allowances, or profits, or for arrears thereof, and be ap- A true account plied to the fatisfadion of the duties not otherwife paid asto be kept of aforefiud; and the proper officers in the (aid exchequer, and ^'l"^*5^ other the publick offices aforefaid, shall keep true accounts of all pie, thereof to monies (topped, and (upon requeft) shall give copies of fuch be given to the accounts to the proper colledorsof fuch monies for the refpedive colicftor*, if parifttes or places where the (aid monies are rated by this ad. required.

XXVII.	And whereas divers offices and employments of profit chargeable by this oil are executed by deputy, and the principal officers living in places remote from the divifion, parijh, or place, where fuch offices or employments are taxable, the rates and ajfefimentt for fuch particular offices and employments cannot be recovered without great

charge and difficulty, be it therefore enaded by the authority Deputies to aforefaid. That where any office or employment of profit pay for prin-chargeable by this ad, is or shall be executed by deputy, fuch cipals; and on pepury shall pay fuch afieffinent as shall be charged thereon, and "JTKSaSe^o dedud the fame out of the profits of fuch office or employment; and in cafe of refufal or non-payment thereof, fuch deputy (halt be liable to fuch diftrefi, as by this ad is prescribed againft any having and ertjoyiqg afiy oficc or employment of profit,

and

 CjOOQ Le

Anno crtcefimo primo GboRGII IL c. vb. f 2758

and to ail other remedies and pena/kies therein rdbedfady ootu tained.	•

XXVHF. Provided always, and be it further enaded by the authority afbicfeid, That there fhalf be provided and kept h% hie Majesty’s exchequer (that r$ to fay) m the office of fbe auditor of the receipt, one book of regifter, in which all the money that shall be paid into the exchequer for the duties on offices and penfions hereby granted, shall be entered and regiftered apart from all other monies paid and payable to his

Separate account to be kept of the money paid into the exchequer for duties on offices and pen* and diftind lions.	Majefty.

Penalties, tri- XXIX. And be it further enabled, That all penalties, trfeble pie values, values, and forfeitures, incurred by virtue of this atft in Seetkm^ and forfeitures shall be recovered at the fuit of the refpe&ive collectors by diin Scotland, to draining or poynding, according to the forms of the law of St<KlanJ% uPon warrants to be granted and fabferibed by any two of thb <alc	commiffioners for fupply, or by the (heriff, or depute Iheriff, of

the county from whom fuch warrant shall be required, and they arediereby refpedtively required to grant the fame under the penalty of ten pounds sterling toties quoties, upon certificate itiftdfc to them, or either of them, by the collebtor of the ceft, that fuch penalties or forfeitures are incurred, and fuch duties refting and not duly paid; which warrants shall be executed by DWrefsto be the conltables or (heriff officers of the county; and the goods mppraiiea, Vc. Qf cflpc^s fo'poynded or diftrained shall be valued antf appraifed by any two perlons to be appointed by the (heriff officer, of Cbii* ftable, to value and appraife fuch goods; which two perfona shall be obliged to value the fame, under the penalty of forty flliffr mgs sterling for each neglebt or refofal; and which valuattati fhiH be made upon the ground, or at the houfe, where the fame Wrerb poynded and diftrained, and may and shall be fold arnf dlfpofed of at the value by the officer or constable who dobs pb^nd or . diftrain the fame 5 and the value to be applied, m the fifftpface, the p^tks°f t0 t*le	an<* payment of the duty, triple Value, o

p * nalty, owing by the person whofe goods are fo pbynded ? and,' ift ' the second place, to the payment for the trouble of the officer of constable fo poynding, at tne rate of two (hillings (far pouhd of >	the triple value, penalty, or forfeitures, for which the goeidS rfiall

.	be poynded or diftrained, unlefs the owner from #hom thfe

warned n0t^amc wer6 poynded or diftrained, shall redeem the feme by pay-whhin 4 days, ment of the appraifed value within the (pace of four days after to be fold. the poynding and valuation, to the officer who poytided the Surplus to be fame; and in cafe any furplus shall remain of the prke orvklub* returned to the after payment of the penalty incurred, and after payment of what owntc. ;s allowed to be retained by the officer or constable in {manner herein directed, fuch furplus shall be returned to the owner frbnrr Ifnopurcha. whom the goods were diftrained; and in cafe no purefiafer or fen appear, buyer do appear at the faid falb, that the faid goods or effe&s fo the	poynded or diftrained shall beconfigned and lodged in bhehartd^

(heriff depute of the county, or his fubftitUte; and if not puxci &c. redeemed by the owner within tne fpace of four diyi after the?

^onfignmeot of the hands of the faid (htriff, thatthe lamb* (hall



*75^1	crfcefimo	prime	Giorgii	Q.	c.	22.	269

be rouped, fold, anddifpofed of, by order of theiheriff, in fuch manner, and at fuch time and place, as he shall appoint; he al- who is ac-waysbebtg'liablc tothe payment of the triple value of the penalty countable to, or penakk^mctiitad, to the eolleftor of the ctfs, and to-the offi- the eolleftor ocr or cortftable who shall have poynded the fame, for their trouble * "r the* penal-Wjnd CKpence as above ftated, in cafe the value of the goods foties and iee*. ibid shall amount to the extent of the penalties incurred, and to the fees due to the officer or conftable; and shall be in the third ,8. pound place, intided to one (hilling per pound of the value of tbe goods allowed to the fo difpofed of, for his own pains and trouble, after preferences^ f°r and allowance of the penalties, and of what i$ appointed to be *'ou^ean<i .paid to the officer or constable fo poynding, the expence of.pre- *pcn ferving or maintaining the goods or cattle fo poynded, during ,the four days •allowed to the owner to redeem them, and the .expence of the fale; and in like manner the expence shall be allowed to< the (heriff for preferring and maintaining the goods or cattle diftrained, during the fourdays that the owner is allowed to redeem after confignment in his hands, as alfo the expence of the feteu *

XXX. And be it further enabled. That the officer or confta- Confhbfe to ble who shall difpbfc of fubh goods or cattle fo poynded, diftrained, Pay ovcr the and fold, (halj be bound to pay in the fums ayifitig from the 61c, in fo fat as extends to the penalties for which the fame werethc dfftreft 9 1 poynded by the eolleftor of the cefs or land tax, within ten days within 10 after the feoeipt of the price, allowing always what is above al-days$j lowed for his own pains and expence; and that, in like manner, if the good* or cattle diftrained shall be difpofed of by the (heriff, as before direfted, he (hall, within fourdays after receipt of the after receipt price, be obliged to pay in the lame to the collector of the cefs, thereof, after cfeduftionof what is appointed to be paid to the officer or conftabl^ who made the poynding, and after deduftion of what is above allowed to be retained by him for his own pains and expehce^atad shall remain liable to the eolleftor of the cefs, until	'	;

payment, aad fubjeft to be poynded and diftrained therefore, in the, lame manner as is above provided with regard to any person liable to penalties in.virtue of this aft.

XXXL And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. Rates charged That, from -and after the fifth day of April one thousand fevenupon houfe*, hundred and fifty eight, there shall be charged, raifed, levied, jwnd©*«>.<^ and paid* unto his Majesty, his heirs, and fucccffors, the feveralUg l * rates and duties upon houfes* windows, or lights, herein after-.mentioned* that* is to fay,

*	1	■	■	•	1	■	.	.	*	11 ■., *

For,and upon every dwelling-houfe inhabited, which now is, viz. is. addi» or hereafter shall be, erected within that part of Britomuonai duty called ^England,■ the pearly fum of one (hitting, aver and above the yearly fum of two (hillings ■ already Charged upon every fuch houfw^'fing* dwelling hpulcv	:	.	v *	land,

And for and upon every dwalling-houfe > inhabited, t whichan<1. '^j ,jR°n now hereafter shall be, erased within that P»«iofr^«<bo^e j»$oBt5 the yearly,funM>f We^&ifcngK^. land}

And

 L,ooQle

«7o	Anno	tricdtmo	primo	Geoftoit	II.	(1758,

and 66.addi< And far every windowor fight in every dweUihg-bbufeirtlt*. tional duty for bited, or to be inhabited, within and throughout the whofe or'^ebt in°W kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain fifteen windows every dwelling or lights, or upwards, the yearly fom of fix pence for each window boufe contain- or light in fuch houfe, over and above, and by way 6f addition »ng*ij win- tQj t|,e several and telpeAtve duties charaeable thereupon; by owt, or more. vjrtuc 0f fonner a(fts Qf parliament made in that behalf; '■

The faid du. XXXII. And be it enaded by the authority aforefeid, Tfaqt ties to be raif the faid several duties by this adt impofed, within and throughout the faid kingdom of Gnat Britain, for and upon (ueh hotlfet, paid, atthe , an<^ fuch windows or lights as aforefeid, shall be railed, levied, several a£t* of collefled, and paid, into hia Majefty’* exchequer, for the pur-pofes in this ad exprefled, in fueh and like form and manner, and with fuch allowaoces, and under fuch penalties, forfeitures, and dilabilities, and according to fuch rules, methods, and directions, os are prefcribed or appointed for railing, levying, colled ing, and paying, the duties on houfes, windows, or lights, in and by two several adts of parliament made in die twentieth *• Geo. s.	year .of his present Majesty’s reign, the one, intituled. An ad for

reputing the several rates and duties upon houfes, windows and tight’, and for granting to bis Maj other rates and duties vpen houfes, windows, or lights$ and for faifing the film of four millions fern hundred thousand pounds by annuities, to be (barged on the faid rate or duties; and the other intituled, An	to enforce the execution

,	_	of an aft	efthisftffton	efparlia to bis Majefty

prefcribe with* ratts and duties upon houfts, windows, or tights; end in aid refpcft to the by a certain other a<51 of parliament, intituled, An ad duties thereby ing, amending, and further	the execution ofan ad pajfed in

Srante<1,	the lad session ef parliament, intituled. An adt for repealing .(he fe-

vers! rates ana duties upon hoafes, windows, and ligMh; and for granting to bfc Majesty other rates and duties upon houfes^ windows, or lights; and for railing the sum of fear millions four hundred thousand pounds by annuities, to be charged on the £|id rates or duties; and all and every the powers, authorities, rules, diradtions, penalties, forfeitures, dairies, matters, and things now in force, contained in the faid three several a efts of parliament, or any of them, for the railing, levyingy-coUedting, ' and paying, the rates or duties thereby granted, (ball be in full force, and be duly obferved, pradtifed, and put in execution, within and throughout the whole kingdom of Grut Britain, far railing, levying, colledting and paying the several rates and duties upon houles, windows, or lights, by this adt granted, as folly and effectually to all intent* and purposes, as if the feme or the like powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties', forfeitures, daufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and ro-enaCted In the body of this present adt.	C

XXXIII.	Provided always. That no houfe or cottage in this part of Great Britain called Scotland, that has not more than five windows or lights, ftydl pay or be liable to gay the duty of one

Houfe* in Scotland not having more than 5 win-

ed'from the*"	‘fopofed on each houfe by this prefent	ad.

duty on bou-fes.

XXXIV. And





Geouqu U« c. 22.	271

XX£IY,_Ao^boit fattbw enabled by the authority .rforefcid. The commiffi-Tfot tl^jcqthmiffiopsrsi authorized for putting in execution the	*?®J.

vm(ai4 fepr aOs, or eitftqrof them, for alland every the a6kaf„e £0d reg)^yfl^opi^ie8, ftur«|r ftejgartrics, ridings, aties, boroughs 9 meet on or aoaucf orfs,towns, and places ne(pe&i?ely,within Great Britain* before *9 Ju-QuH meet together pt the moft ufual and common place of meet- [j'*. for putting ing, within .focb counties* (hires, ftew»rtries, ridings, cities, ecitioiu *** boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places refpedUvely, within Grpaf Bri&fh on- or bsfam the; twenty ninth day of one t^i^(an4i/cwca.hundred and fifty eight; and shall then divide ueq^v/js to a£k in feparate diftrjeU, and proceed in the execution of thisprefent a<3,forafiefling, railing,levying, and coliefling the duflet hereby granted, in fuch and the fame manner, to all intents aqdpurpofes, as is prefcribcd by the three former ads, or either qf them, with refped to the rates and duties thereby

And be it further emded by the authority aforefaid*

That the several annuities which by this ad shall be granted and made payable, with refpedto the principal fum of five millions* Annoitie* to he railed in manner and form as is hereafter directed, (ball	OB	*j*

charged and chargeahle upon, and payable out of, the .feveral ™?i«a by°thi» additional and new rates and duties by this ad impofed upon a&, charged offices and pep lions, apd upon Uoufes and windows or lights; on the leveral and top laid several additional and new rates and duties, are additional an* hereby .appropriated for that purnofe accordingly.	.new

\ XXXVI. find whereasfevem'perfons, native* or foreigners, and hsduspohfui tr corperate, have, in books opened at	ng«

land fur that*purpefe,	fisifcribed towards tbefaidfittn ef five milliont;

four millionsfiw hundred	tbtufand pounds, part thereof, it bt attended

with	asw/dties sfiter therate of thru pounds	centoaq

pqr aajmp; and five hundred tbtufand pounds refidue thereof, tt be raiftd. Sfz. lottery, and attended with annuities after the rate of thru pounds per ctptuop per annum; and the findfubferibers ireontributtrt herein	pupfiujtsce tf the reftintjent of the commons of Great Britain in

poiUamntaj[cmbUd,dtpcfiudwith,trpaidtotho cajbierorcajhitrs of the governor atuffompanyoj, the bank of Enjfibndfor t being, the fum tf ten pounds per centum, in part of thofums by them fubfirihed Jpefiively, and are defir ms So pay the remaining principal fiemt by them	..

Jubfinbed at	aforojmd, at the times and in the manner herein after.

appointed in topt behalf's be it therefore enaded by the authority ready depofit* afqrefaid. That it null and may he lawful to and for all fitch cd 10I. per refpedive^ontributes who have already depofitod with, or paid	t.heir

to the laid cafoieror calhiers of the faid governor and company ^bthe ca(h!er «f the bank of England', the firm of ten poundsfor every one 0f the bank, hundred pounds by them fobfcribed refpeditely, to advance and may pay ^ pay untq the faid cafhier or caflhers.who is and are hereby ap~ remainder at pointed the receiver %pd receivers of focb contributions (without the time* and ?py further or other warrant to be feed for, had; or obtained in *? the propor-that behalf) the remainder of the feyersi fume fobferibed, at or before therclpe&ive days or times, and in the proportions in this a ft limited in that behalf.	*.

) XXXVIh find whereas it is intended that all fuch contributors to (he faid fum offive millions,who /hall have	for five hundred

2 '	„ . pounds.

Digit

>ogle

Timet of pty Bientt in re-foeft of the lam of

ribed towards annuities. .

Times of pay-menu in re-(pett of the JUflJ of 506,000! towards the lottery.

Annuities to bear 3I. 101. per cent. inte< re*.

and tickeu 3), per cent.

Annuities to commence from 5 July,

175**

Anna tricesimo prime Gso&eil II. C.Hi. (1758.

pounds, Jhallbe intitled to four hundred and fifty pounds m amsnties, afar the rats of three pounds ten Jhillings per centum per annum, transferable at the hank of England, fubjeti to fuch rtduBiou m is hereafter mentioned; and to fifty pounds in lottery tickets^ to he attended with annuities (transferable alfo at the bank of England) after At rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and fa in proportion for a greater or left Jum; be itenaded by the authorityaforefeid,

- That all inch contributors who have fo made the few depofit of ton pounds per centum, in part of the fttms by them fevcraUy fubfcribed, as a fecurity for making their future payments, fhaU make the fame accordingly, at or before the refpe&ive days or times, and in the proportions in this a A limited m that behalf; that is to fey. In refpedt of their proportional (hare of the (aid fum of four millions five hundred thoufend pounds, fifteen pounds ter centum, on or before the thirtieth day of May one thoufend (even hundred and fifty eight; fifteen pounds per centum, on or before the twenty eighth day of June then next enfuing; fifteen pounds per centum, on or before the twenty feventh day of July then next enfuing 5 fifteen pounds ter centum* on or before the thirtieth day of Augujl then next enuring; fifteen pounds per centum, on or before the twenty feventh day of Septemberthen next enfuing; and the remaining fifteen poundsptr centum, on or before the twenty fixth day of Oflober then next enfuing: and in refi>e£t of their proportional (hare of die feid fum offive hundred thoufend pounds, twenty pounds per centum, on or before the tenth day of June one thousand feven hundred and fifty eight; fifteen pentads per centum, on or before the tenth day of T^y then next enfuing; fifteen pounds per centum, on or before the nineteenth day of Augujl then next enfuing; twenty pounds per centum, on or before the ninth day of September then next enfuing ; and the remaining twenty pounds per centum, on or before the ninth day of Oftober then next following: and that all fuch contributors for or in refped of nine equal tenth parts of the fums ib fay them fubfcribed, shall be intitled to their proportional (hareof annuities after the rate of three pounds ten (hillings per centum per annum, fubjelt as aforefaid; and for and ki rdpe& of the remaining one tenth of the fum fo fubfcribed, to as many lottery tickets as the faid tenth part of the fum fo fubfcribed shall ' purchafe, after the rate of ten pounds for each ticket; and chat every fudi contributor or adventurer for every fum of ten pounds fo advanced, for the purchafe of a lottery ticket, shall be intitled to fuch lot, and to fuch annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, as is herein after directed and appointed.

XXXV ill. And be it further enabled by the authority afore-feid. That the several contributors, their executors, adminiftra-tors, fucceflbrs, and affigns, in refped of the (aid Aim of four millions five hundred thousand pounds, pan of the feid principal Aim of five millions, shall be intitled to annuities after tbe rate of three pounds ten (hillings per centum per annum,' for the term of twenty four years, to commence and be computed from tbe fifth day of July, one thoufend feven hundred and fif-





tf 58.}	Anno tricesimo primo Gkorgii If c. alt

$y eight; and from and after the end and expiration of the Aid term of twenty four year*, to annuities after the rate of three pounds par centum per annum, until redemption thereof by par*

Uxmenr, In manner herein after mentioned ; and that fucb an- -	*

jrattresihaU be, paid half-yearly, on the fifth day of January, of^texeftto ?nd theiifth day of July, by even and equal portions ; and that be on $ Jain, the annuities which mall become due and payable to the faid con- 1759* tributary* their executors; adminiftrators, fuceefibts, and af-^ P1^*^6 ftgw* at rhe rate of three pounds per centum per atmum, in re-i	*

fpe& of tbe faid principal fum of five hundred thousand pounds, lottery tickets rcfithxeofthe faid'principal fum of five millions, (hail commence to commence , and be computed from the fifth day of January, which shall be on 5 J*n*>759* hi the year of our Lord one thousand /even hundred and fifty nine, and fhall, from time to time, be paid half-yearly, on the and after- * fifth day of July, and the fifth day of January * by equal and everi portions* the firft payment thereof to be due and payable for: the half year ended the fifth day of July, which (halt bp in the year of our Lord one thousand ieven hundred and fif* ty nine*

XXXiXt And be it further enided by the authority aforefaid,

Th^tthe faid cafhier or cafhiers who shall have received or shall Ca^er rtc^wenarvy part of the fums fo paid by way of depofit, or other- fpr^one*/ wfte,' iir,refpe<ft of the faid annuities, after the rate of three paid in, pouads.ten (hillings per centum per annum, shall forthwith give receipts^m Writing figned by bimfelf or themfelves, to every fuch contributor, for all fuch fums; and that the receipts to be given tfic ftmenudA foi-any fums pshd in refpedl of the faid annuities, after tbe nfteaftgnabie. of three pounds ten (hillings per centum per annum, shall be af-fignable, by indorfement thereupon made, at any time before the thirtieth day of Oftober, one thousand feven hundred and fifty eight, and no longer.

XL. Provided always, That fuch ca(hier or cafhiers. shall Cafhierto givd give fecurity, to the good liking of any three or more of the tecarity $ commiflioners of the treasury now being, or the high treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, for duly anfwcring and paying into the receipt of bis Majesty’s exchequer, for the publick uft, all the monies which they shall have already received by way of depofit, or otherwire, or shall hereafter receive from time to time, of or for the faid fum of five millions, and for accounting duly for the fame, and for performance of the trufts hereby in them re-pofed and shall from time to time fo pay all fuch monies as and to pay fa foon as they shall receive the fame, or any part thereof, or with-,thc m°nic* in five days afterwards at the fartheft, and shall account for all cbcqusr/*" / monies So received by him or them, in the exchequer, accord- 4 mg to the due courfe thereof, deducting thereout/ueft fums as shall have been paid by him or them in purfuance of this a<5t» in manner herein after mentioned; for which fums fo paid, al* lowrance shall bo made in* his or. their accounts. . ,j ,

XLL Anthbe it furtherenafted py tlie authority aforefaid, Treafury fo That it Thailand may be lawful to and for the commissioners of apply the ma-Vol/XXII.	T	tisnmiQtbtiif-

174-	Anno	trtccfimo	primo GioRdi I!. c. ^^58;

trice* voted by his Majesty’s trealury now being, or the high trerfdffcr, or any the commons, three or morfe of the commiflioners of the treasury, ’from time fo time, to iflue and apply all fuch Aims of money as shall f6 be paid into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer by the fWict cafhier or caftiiers, to fuch fervices as shall then have been voted by the commons of Great Britain in this feflion of p&rliarfiedt, and not otherwife.

XLII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That in the office of the accountant general of the faid governor

Coatributor* names to be

book^ m * 'an(* comPany bank Ev&Jtnd for the time being, there

tis,

Duplicate thereof to be

(hall be provided and kept a book or books, in which shall be fairly entered the names of all fuch contributors as afbrefakf; the fame to be and it shall and may be lawful to and for the faid refpedlve con-Tn (petted gra- tributors, their executors, ad mini (Ira tors, fucceflors, and affigns* from time to time, at all feafonable times, to have refort to and infped the faid book or books, without any fee or charge: and that the faid accomptant general for the time being fhall, on or before the twenty fifth day of Manhunt thousand (even hundred trOTfhiitted^o am* ^xty> tfanfmit an attefted duplicate, fairly writteri ori paper, the exche- of the faid book or books, into the office of the auditor of the quer.	receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, there to remain for ever.

Contributors XLlII. And it is hereby enabled by the authority aforefaid, making good That all fuch contributors duly paying the whole fums by them their pay- refpedively fubferibed at or before the refpedive days and times fVe^fates^n *n T^15 a& before limited in that behalf, their refpedive executors, the aimuities. adminiftrators, fucceflors, and afligns, shall have, receive, and enjoy their proportional fhare of the refpedive annuities of three pounds ten (hillings per centum per annum, and three pounds per centum per annum, out of the monies by this ad herein after appropriated for payment thereof, and shall have good and fute eftates and interefts therein for ever j fubjedt neverthelefs to the terms and provifoes of reduftion and redemption in this ad herein contained concerning the fame refpedively.

Co *bot XLIV. And be it further enaded by the authority afore faid, making thefr That all fuch contributors, their executprs, admlniftrator*, tuc-payment* pre- ceflors, and afligns, paving in the whole or any part of the fums viou* to the by them fubferibed refpedively, previous to the days appointed times limited, for refpedive payments herein before direded, as well in refped to their proportional (hare of the faid fum of four mil-.	...	lions five hundred thousand pounds, as of the faid fum of five

intertft forth* hundred thousand pounds, (nail be intitled to an allowance of

fame, &c.

fo much money as the interest of the several Turns fo previously paid after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, Ihall amount to, from the days on which fuch previous payments shall have been adually made, to the re(j>edive times on which fuch payments are direded to be made; fuch allowance to be paid, by the faid cafhier or cafhiers out of the monies contributed towards the faid fum of five millions, as foon as fuch refpedive contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, and afligns, shall have completed their payments herein before direded to be made j and that as foon as any contributors,their 6	cxe*

 L.ooQle

i;58*] Attic tricefiflio primo GltORGil It.	C. li,275

executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, and affigns, shall hare completed their payments of the whole purchafe money payable by them refpedively for any fuch annuities, after the rate of three pounds, ten shillings, per centum per annum ^ the principal (uni or fums by them fubferibed and paid for the purchafe of fuch annuities, shall forthwith be placed to the credit of the faid contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, and altignsj completing the (aid pyments, and made transferable in the books of the bank ot England, to be kept for that purpofe ; and that after any contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fuc-ceffors, and afiigns, shall hare completed their payments of thd whole purchafe money payable by them refpedively for any fuch annuities, after tlse rate of/three pounds per centum per annum* lottery tickets to the amount of the principal Aim or fums by them fubferibed andmaid for the purchafe thereof, at the rate of ten pounds for each ticket, (hall, as (bon as they can con* veniently be made out, be delivered to fuch contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, and affigns*

XLV. Provided always. That in cafe any fuch Contributors (iontribotoi* who have already deposited with or paid to the faid cafhier caftiiers, any fum or fums of money, at the times and in thepayment<|tir manner before mentioned, in part of the fums fo by them fub- within the feribed, or their refpedive executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, times limited* or affigns, do not advance and pay to the (aid cafhier or caftiiers, the .refiduc of the fums fo by them fubferibed, at tho times and 1 u in the manner before mentioned; then and in every fuch cafe, fo much of the (urn fo fubferibed as shall have been actually paid in part thereof, to the (aid cafhier or caftiiers, shall be forfeited for the benefit of the publick; any thing in this ad contained to the contrary thereof in any wile notwithftanding.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Annuities,**. That all the Several annuities which by this ad are granted and	nrdb*

made payable, until redemption thereof by parliament, in man- s 1111 * tier herein after mentioned, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of, fuch fund or funds as are by this aft eftablifhed for payment thereof; and if at any time or times it shall happen that the produce of the fund or funds fb eftablifhed for payment of the faid several annuities, shall not be fufneient to pay and difeharge the several and refpedive annuities, and other charges, direded to be paid thereout at the end of any or either of the refpedive half-yearly days of payment, at which the fame are hereby direded to be paid, then and fo often, and in every fuch cafe, fuch deficiency or deficiencies shall and may be fupplied out of any of the monies which at any time or times shall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the fur* pluiles, exccffes, overplus monies, and other revenues, com* pofing the fund commonly called The fwiing fund (except fuch monies of the faid (inking fund as are appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes by any former ad or ads of parliament, in that behalf) and fuch monies of the faid finking fund shall and may be, frpm time to time, iffued and applied'accordingly; and

 

Anno triccfimo primo Georgii II. c.22.	358.

if at any time or times before any monies of the several rates and duties and fums of money hereby granted, shall be brought into the exchequer as aforefaid, therS shall happen to be a want of money for paying the several annuities as aforefaid, "which lhall be actually incurred, and grown due at any of the half-yearly days of payment before mentioned, that then and in every fuch cafe, the money fo wanted (halt and may be fupplieAbut of the monies of the finking fund (except as before excepted) and be iflued accordingly.

Sinking fund XLVII. Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority outof thefirft af°rekid» That whatever monies shall be iflued out of the finjjL-fupplies. fog fund, lhall, frojn time to time, be replaced by and out of the firft fupplies to be then after granted in parliament.

Annuities,&c.	XLVIII. Provided always, and be it ena&ed by the atlthori-

chartedan ty aforefaid. That in cafe there shall be any furplus or remainder of the monies arifing by the faid fund or funds by this aft efta-, 1 #	blifhed for payment of the faid annuities, after tne faid feveral

and refpeftive annuities and all arrears thereof are fatisfted, or t	money fufficient shall be referved for that purpofe, fuch furplus

or remainder fhall, from time to time, be referved for the dif-pofition of parliament, and shall not be iflued but by the authority of parliament, and as lhall be directed by future aft or afts of parliament; any thing in any former or other aft or afts of parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

Managersand XLIX. And, for eftablilhinga proper method for drawing the directors of faid lottery, be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, the lottery to That fuch persons as the commiffionersof his Majesty’s treafu-by theTrea- ror anY three or morc them now being, or the high treaty. * furer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the trea-fury, for the time being, shall appoint, shall be managers and direftors for preparing and delivering out tickets, and to overfee the drawing of lots, and to order, do, and perform, fucb other matters and things, as are hereafter fo and by this aft diredted and appointed by fuch managers and diredfors to be done and performed ; and that fuch managers and diredfors shall meet together from time to time, at fome publick office or place, for the execution of the powers and trufts fn them repofed by this aft ; and that the faid managers and diredfors, or fo many of them as shall be present at any fuch meeting, or the major part of them, Booki to be shall caufe books to be prepared, in which every leaf shall be vcdumnsTin divided or diftinguifhed into three columns; and upon the in-each of which nermoft of the faid three columns, there (half be printed fifty 50,000 tickets thousand tickets, hereby intended to be made forth, to be mlm-tobe printed, bered, one, two, three, and fo onward, in an arithmetical pro-greflion, where the common exccfs is to be one, until they rife to and for the number of fifty thousand ; and upon the middle column in every of the faid books, shall be printed fifty thousand tickets of the fame breadth and form,and numbered in like manner ; and in the extream column of th^ faid books, there lhall be printed a third rank or feries of tickets, of the fame number with thole of the other two columns; which, tickets

lhall





i^l Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 22.	277

(hall feverally be of an oblong figure; and in the faid books Tickets to be lhall.be joined with oblique lines, >flourifhes, or devices, infuch °^ong manner as the faid managers and dire&ors, or theipajor part of j0i„ed with them, think moft fafe and convenient; and that every oblique lines, ticket in the third or extreatn column of the faid books shall have written or printed thereupon (befides the number of fuch ticket, apd the present year of our Lord Chrift) words to this havethe ” effedl :	words follow-

ing printed on

THE bearer hereof is entitled to fix pounds, part of the jointthcm*

Jiock oj annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum	>

per annum, transferable at the bank of England, or to a better chance.

L. And it is hereby enacted, That the faid managers and di- Managers to redlors, or fo many of them as shall be present at fuch meeting, examine the or the major part of them then prefent, shall carefully examine b.°?ks with the all the faid books, with the tickets therein, and that the fame deiivei^hein be contrived, numbered, and made, according to the true in- to the calhier, tent and meaning of this ad, and shall deliver or caufe to be delivered the fame books, and every or any of them, as they shall be examined, to the faid calhier or cafhiers, taking from fuch cafhier or cafhiers, an acknowledgement in writing under*and take a re-hisor their hands, importing his or their receipt of fuch book*^eiPt for tbe or books, and fo many tickets therein as shall be delivered to. me* him or them; and the faid cafhier or cafhiers is and are hereby Ca/hier togive directed and required, upon his and their receiving every or a ticket for any intire fum of ten pounds, in full payment of a ticket, from every fum of any person or persons contributing or adventuring as aforefaid, 10 Paidin* r to cut out of the faid book or books fo to be put into his or their cuftody, through the faid oblique lines, flourifhes, or devices, ipdentwife, one of the tickets in the faid extream columns, which the faid calhier or cafhiers shall fign with his or their own name or names; and fuch cafhier or cafhiers shall permit the and permit contributors or adventurers, if it bedelired, to write his or her ^towrhe'bU name or mark on the correfponding ticket in the fame book ; name on the* and at the fame time the cafhier or cafhiers shall deliver to the correfponding faid contributor or adventurer the ticket fo cut off, which he, ticket.

(he, or they, are to keep and ufe for the better afeertaining and lecuringof the interest which he, fhe, or they, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, or affigns, shall or may haye in the faid fund, for the monies fo contributed or advent tured, until redemption thereof, in manner herein after mentioned.

LI. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Calhier to re-That the faid cafhier or cafhiers, on or before the fourteenth deliver the day of October, one thousand feven hundred and fifty eight, shall books to the re-deliver to the ftid managers and directors, at their faid office or place of meeting, all the faid books, and therein all the tic-	£ 9	cr*

kets which the faid calhier or caffeiers shall not have cut out and	*

delivered to the contributors or adventurers for their monies as

T 3	aforp-

the exche $Uef

278	Anno	tricefimo primo Georg n II. C. a*.	[1758.

a*d account aforefaid; and shall then and there aho deliver to the &ud ipa-rec^ved!""* “SW a«d dire&ors, a true and juft account in writing under.

his or their hands, of all fums of money accrued or pome to the bands of (uch cafhier or cafhjers, by or for the tiqkets delivered or to be delivered out purfuaot to this alt, and'now the fame, or how much thereof, shall have been actually paid by fuch cafhier or cafiuers, into the receipt of the exchequer, for TicketstuKlif- the purposes in this ait exprefled; and that the faid managers pofed«ft»be and directors, or the major part of them, which shall bepre-retumed into f#nt at a Meeting as aforefaid, shall forthwith caufe all the'tickets of the (aid outertnoft columns which shall not haV.e been delivered to tbe contributors as aforefaid, if any fuch be, to be delivered into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, there to be retained and kept as cafh, to be iffued, fold, and difpofed of, for railing money for the purposes in this ait mentioned, as the cotnmiflioners of his Majesty’s treasury, or the high treafurer, for the time being, shall judge reafonable and fitting.

Tickets of the LU. And be it further enaited, iThat the faid managers and tumntobe dire<9ors, or tbe major part of them, which shall be Drefent at rolled up, and 3 meeting as aforefaid, shall caufe all tbe tickets, of tne middle tied*	columns in the books made out in three columns as aforefaid,

which shall be delivered back to them by or from the faid cafhier or cafhiers as aforefaid, to be carefully rolled up and made faft with thread or (ilk ; and the faid managers or directors, or the major part of them as aforefaid, (hall, in their prefence, and in the prefence of fuch contributors or adventurers as will be there, caufe all the faid tickets which are to be fo rolled up and made faft as aforefaid, to be cut off indentwife tbe letter (A) through the faid oblique lines, flourilhes or devices, into a box to be prepared for that purpofe, and to be marked with the letter (A) which is prefently to be put into another ftroog box. Box to be *nd to be locked up with feven different locks and keys, to be locked up and kept by as many of the faid managers, and fealed with their fealed* feals, or the feals of fome of them, until the faid tickets are to be drawn, as is herein after mentioned;. and that the tickets in the ftrft or innermoft columns of the faid books (haU remain ftill in the books for difeovering any miftake or fraud (if any fuch fhoutd happen to be committed) contrary to the true meaning of this ad.

Books to be LIII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, .prepared with That the faid managers and dire&ors, or the major part of them, * columns, on which shall be present at any meeting as aforefaid, (h^yaUb

ToTotickets P"?"*;, f «u.f« beP/ePare£’ ?lher books, in which jtfof to be printed. leaf shall be divided or diftinguimed into two columns, and upon the innermoft of thofe two columns, there shall fc* punted fifty thoufimd tickets, and. upon the outermoft ot the (aid two columns there shall be printed fifty 'thouiand tickets all which ftiaU be of equal length and breadth as near as may be j which two columns in the laid books, shall be Joined with fome flpu-ri(h or device, through which the.ourermoft tickets mpy b<; cut Off !mdemwi(e?dod that fi* thousand five hundred tickets, pan

of

and eat off indentwife into a box marked with

 v^»ooQle

17$8.]	AnnatriceCmo priino Georqii II. c. 12.	279

of thafc to bp contained in the outermoft columns of the book? laft-merttionedi shall be, and be called, the fortunate tickets* to which extraordinary benefits shall belong, as is herein after-mentioned; and the faid managers and directors, or the major part of (hem, or fuch of them as shall be present at a meeting as afbrefaid, Ihall caufe the faid fortunate tickets to be written-vpon or othfirwife expreffed, as well in figures as in words at length, in manner following; that is to fay, upon two of them The nnmber Severally, ten thousand pounds principal money 1 upon three and value of of them fcverally, five thousand pounds principal money 5 upon- *.h* foraunate fix of them feverally, two thouland pounds principal money >	*

upon feventeen of them feverally, one thousand pounds principal money; upon every one of twenty nine of them feverally, five hundred pounds principal money; upon every one of one hundred forty two of them feverally, one hundred pounds principal money ; upon every one of fix hundred and twenty fix of them feverally, fifty pounds principal money ; upon every one of five thousand fix hundred and feventy fire of them feverally, twenty pounds principal money; which principal ferns fo to be written, or otherwife expreifed, upon the faid fortunate tickets, together with five hundred pounds principal money to be allowed to the 5°?' to the owner of the firft drawn ticket, and one thousand pounds prin- j^jtraa*d cipal money to the owner of the laft drawn ticket, befides the IOOO|’ t0 tbc benefits which may happen to belong to the two laft-mentioned laft drawn, tickets, will amount in the whole fo the principal fum of two hundred thirty nine thousand pounds; which fum being added to the sum of two hundred sixty one thousand pounds (which will be the principal payable according to the intent and mean*-	■	,

ing of this a&, on the remaining forty three thousand five hundred blank or unfortunate tickets, computed at the rate of fix 43,500 blank pounds for each blank or unfortunate ticket) do amount toge- tickets, at the ther to the principal fum of five hundred thousand pounds, be- rate of 61. ing the tdtal principal fum to be converted into annuities in purfuance of this aft, in refpeft of the faid lottery tickets ; and the faid managers and direftors, of the major part of them. Ticket* of the who lhall .be present at a meeting as aforefaid, (ball caufe all outermoft co-the faid tickets contained in the outermoft columns of the laft- to *** mentioned books, to be, in the prefence of the faid managers ™ed* np aa 'and direftors, or the major part of them; which (hail be present ’ at a meeting as aforefeid, and in the prefence of fuch contributors or adventurers as will then be there, carefelly rolled up and ?n^ cm.^ut faftened vrith thread or filk, and carefelly cut out indentwife {{1^ jOjojc through the faid flour Kh or device, into another box to be pre-	w;tf,

payed for this purpofe, and to be marked with the letter (B) the letter (B) which box (hail be prefently put into another ftrong box, and locked up with feven different locks and keys, to be kept by as Box to be many of the laid managers, and fealed up with their reals, or locked up and the (cals of fome of them, until thofe rickets shall alfo be drawn, fealed. in the manner and form herein after-mentioned; and that the Wholebhfinefe;of rolling up and cutting off,, and putting-into the (aid boxes the faid tickets, and locking up and feeling the

Tf	•	faid





aaffe	Anno	tricefimo	priiho	GEOROir	lL c.al. [175$,

Said boxe*, shall be performed by the Said manBgcrs:aiid)d'rfe69 tors* or fuch of them at aforefaid, within fix. daysat ieaft be* fore the drawing of the laid lottery shall begin ; and to the end every person concerned may be well aflured that the counterpart of the fame number with his or her ticket, is put into the box marked with the letter (A) from whence the fame may be Pubflck notice drawn, and that other matters are done as hereby dire&ed, fome to be given of publick notification in print shall be given of the precife time cut- Qr iimts 0f cubing the faid tickets into the laid boxes, to the end that iudi adventurers as shall be minded to fee the fomfe done, may be prefer)* at the doing thereof.

Lottery to be- ^IV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforo&id, gindmving * That on or before the thirteenth day of November ^ one thoufand

ting jtbe tickets intp the boxes.

on 13 Nov. ?758*

Method to be •pbferved in Rawing, &c.

(even hundred and fifty eight, the faid managers and dire&ors shall caufe the faid several boxes, with all the tickets therein, to be brought into the guildhall of the city of Lenionby nine of the dock in the forenoon of the fame day, and placed on a table there for that purpofe, and shall then and there feverally attend this fervice, and caufe the two boxes containing the faid tickets, to be feverally taken out of the other two boxes, in which they shall have been locked up; and the tickets of lots in the<refpec-five innermoft boxes being, in the prefence of the faid managers and dire&ors, or fuch of them as shall be then prefent, and of fuch adventurers as will be there for the fatisfadlion of them-felves, well (haken and mingled in each boxdiftinclly; and fome one indifferent and fit perfon, to be appointed and directed by the managers aforefaid, or the major part of them, or fuch of them a6 shall be then prefent, shall take out and draw one ticket from the box where the faid numbered tickets shall be as aforefaid put; and one other indifferent and fit perfon, to be appointed and directed in like manner, shall prefently take out a ticket or lot from the box where tire faid fix thousand five hundred fortunate, and forty three thousand five hundred blank tickets shall be promifeuoufly put as aforefaid ; and immediately both the tickets fo drawn shall be opened, and the number, as well of the fortunate as the blank ticket, shall be named aloud ; and if the ticket taken or drawn from the box containing the fortunate and blank lots shall appear to be a blanks then the numbered ticket fo drawn with the faid blank at the fame time, shall both be put upon one file ; and if the ticket fo drawn or taken from the box containing the fortunate and blank lots, shall appear to be one of the fortunate tickets, then the prmcri pal fum written upon fuch fortunate ticket, whateverit be, shall be entered by a clerk, which the faid managers, or the major part of them as aforefaid, shall employ and overfee for this purpofe, into a bock to be kept for entering the numbers coming up with the faid fortunate tickets, and the principal fums where-unto they shall be intitled refpe&ively, and two of the faid managers shall fet their names as witnefies to fuch entries; and jthe faid fortunate and numbered tickets fo drawn together, shall he put upon .qnQthcr tije 3 and fo the faid drawing of the tickets

(hall



Anno triccfimo priiooGeorgh II. c. 22.'	xf*

flutt contmuey by taking one tickcrat a timd out of each box', and with openings naming aloud, and filing the f*me, and by entering the fortunate lots in fuch method as is before mentioned,* until the whole'number of fix thousand five hundred fortunate tickets^ and one more for the laft drawn as aforefakl, (halt be compieatly drawn; and if the fame cannot be performed in After each one day’s time,, the faid managers and dire&ors shall caufe the ^th^boxes boxes to be forked up and fealed in manner as aforefaid, and to^c locked adjourn tHI- the next day, and fo from day to day, and every up and fealed* day, (except Sundays, Cbrifimas, and faft days appointed by particular ads of parliament, or by the King’s proclamation) and then open the fame, and proceed as above till the faid whole number of fix thousand five hundred fortunate tickets, and one more, shall be compieatly drawn as aforefaid ; and afterwards the faid numbered tickets fo drawn, with the fortunate tickets drawn againft the fame, shall be and remain in a ftrong box locked up as aforefaid, and under the cuftody of the faid managers, until they shall take them out to examine, adjuft, and fettle the property thereof.

LV. And, to the end the fortunate may know, whether abfent or present co what degree they have been fo; be it ena&ed. That as Numbers of £bon as thedrawing is over, the faid managers are hereby required,	ard*

as foon as conveniently may be, to caufc to be printed and pub- the fums, to lhhed the number of the tickets drawn againft each fortunate be printed, ticket, and the principal fum written on the fame; and if any D,fPutcs re* contention or difpute shall arife in adjusting the property of the tob<f adjoited faid fortunate rickets, the major part of the (aid managers, agree- by the managing therein, shall determine to whom it doth or ought to be- ers. long : and if any person or' persons shall forge or counterfeit any penalty of ticket or tickets, certificate or certificates, to be made forthm^certifi-purfuance of this a&,or made forth, or to be made forth, on any former lottery a<3, or alter any the numbers thereof, or utter, yend, barter, or difpofe of, or offer to difpofe of, any falfe, altered, forged or counterfeited ticket or tickets, certificate or cer^ tificates, or bring anv forged or counterfeit ticket or certificate, or any ticket or certificate the number whereof is altered (knowing the fame to be fuch) to the faid managers, or any ot them, or the faid governor and company of the bank of England, or their caflaier or cafhiers, or accomptant general for the time being, /or to any other person or persons whatfoever, to the intent to defraud his Majesty, or any contributor or adventurer, or the executors, a^miniftrators, fucceflors, or affigns, of any contributor or adventurer upon this a&, with a fraudulent intention ; then every fuch perfon, being thereof conviefted in due form of law, (ball be adjudged a felon, and shall fuffer death as ^OSiym in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy: and the faid managers and directors, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to caufe any person or persons bringing jot uttering fuch forged or counterfeit ticket or tickets, certificate or certificates, as aforefaid, to be apprehended, and to commit him, her, or them, to his Majesty’s gaol of Newgate, or to the

com*



s8t	Anno	tricefiroo	primoG^aROli	II.	c.	z%.	[1758*

common gaol of the county or place where {uch pcrf6p.or per* Tons {hall be fo apprehended, to be proceeded againft far the faid felony according to law.

- LVL Provided always, and it is hereby ena&ed by thc aai~ be^foam* *° t*IOT*ty^aforefaid, That every person who shall be appointed as aforefaid to be a manager and dire&or for putting this aft in execution, before his adting in fuch commidiop, mall take the oath following; that is to lay.

The oath. T A. B. do/wear, That I will faithfully execute the trufl repofnL X in me; and that I wiU not ufe any tn#re& art or medhs* or per-mit at direft any person to ufe atey indirect art or means, ta efoain -a prize or fortunate lot, for myfelf or any other person whatIoevar \ and that I xmti, to the heft of my judgement, declare to whom, amp prize, lot, or ticket, of right does belong, according to the true intent and meaning of the alt of parliament made in the twenty ninth year of his Majejtfs reign in that behalf

Which faid oath shall and may be adminiftered by apy two or more of the other managers and directors.

LVII. Provided always. That it shall and may be lawful to and for tbe (aid cafhier or cafhiers, having given ftcurity as aforefaid, at any time or times before fiiph cafhier or cafhiers shall have received any book or books from the faid tnanagera comprehending the faid fifty thousand tickets as aforefaid, ia three columns as aforefaid, to receive from any person or per* ions who will voluntarily offer, contribute, and advance, the refidue of any fum of ten pounds, or feverai funis of ten pounds upon this adt as aforefaid, the fums fo offered to be coplribpud or advanced, atone entire payment, or in fuch proportions and manner as aforefaid, before (uch cafhier or cafhiers shall have received fuch book or books$ and the faid cafhier or cafhiers shall give a note or receipt, under his or their hand or hands, for the fu«n or fums to contributed, and shall be obliged thereby, and by this adt, to give the bearer of every fuch note or receipt, a ticket or tickets of the extream column of the three columns book or books aforefaid, for every ten pounds So contributed, paid, or anfwered, as foon as be or they shall be enabled thereunto by delivery of any fuch book or books to him or them from the (aid managers as aforefaid 5 any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

Adventurer LVIII. Provided also, That in cafe any fuch ccmtributor not paying hit or adventurer aforefaid, who shall have advanced and paid whole conu- down to fuch cafhier or cafhiers a proportion of his, her.or their tbe° confideratkm-money, his, her, or their executors, admioiftra* times limited, tors, fucctflbrs, or afligns, do not advance and pay unto foch shall lofe the cafhier pr cafhiers the remaining part of his, her, or their con* advanced mo- £deration~m0t>ey, fo to be paid in full for fuch tickets; a* afore* ney'	faid, on or before the times for paying thereof as aforefaid; that

then, and in every fuch cafe, every fuch contributor pr adven* ;furcr shall forfeit and lofe to his Majesty, for the ufe of the pub*

lick*

*758-3 Anno troefimaprirtio GSorgii II. c, 22?	zt§

lipk, the proportion of hli, her, or their purchafe-money which he, the, or they shall have fo paid down as aforefaid 5 and m fuch cafe no ticket or tickets shall be delivered out by the (aid caihier or'cafliiers to fuch contributor or contributors making fuch default, but the ticket and tickets which should have been delivered to fuch contributor and contributors, had they paid the full money for the fame, shall be returned aod delivered to the faid managers and direftors by the faid caihier or calhters, together with the other tickets (if any) in the outermoft column of the book and books firft herein mentioned and direfted to be prepared, which (haU not have been difpofed of to contributors as aforefaid $ and fuch ticket and tickets, upon and for which Tickets to be defaults of payments shall have been made as aforefaid, shall difpofed of, be delivered into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer with shall be deli-Othcr the faid undifpofed tickets (if any) there to be retained vcr?f ,nto thc and kept as ca(h, and to be lifted, fold, and difpofed of, for the cxche4uen purpofes, and in the manner, herein before directed and appointed with refpeft to the faid undifpofed tickets ; and the faid contributor ami contributors making filch default, shall not hs*ve or receive, or be intitled to have or receive, any benefit or advantage for or in refpeft of the money which he, (he, or they shall have paid for or towards the purchafe of fuch ticket or tickets 5 any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

LIX. Provided alfa, and it is hereby ena&ed by the awho* rity aforefaid. That out of the monies to arife by the (hid con- commit tributians to the lottery as aforefaid, it shall and may be lawful fioncrs of the to and for any three or more of the commiffiohef s of the trea- treafurv out fury, or the high treasurer for the time being, to reward the (hid of the managers and directors, and the clerks and officers to be cm- raoncy* ployed by and under them, and any other officers and perfom that 4hall and may be any ways employed in this affair, for their labour and pains; alio to oifchargc all incident expences as shall neceflarily attend the execution of this alt, in fuch manner as any three or more of the commiffionert of the treafurv* or the high treasurer for the time being, (hall, -frdm time to time, think fit and reafonable in that behalf; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

LX. And be it further enafted, That it shall and may be Guardians Tawftol for any guardian or truftee having the difpofttion of the jnay?dvetL-money of any imant, for the ufe and behoof of fuch infant, to in the contribute and pay, .for or towards advancing the faid fum of lottery, five millions, any firms of the monies of fuch infant, and fuch infant, upon payment of fuch fum or fums, (haU become a contributor within the meaning of this aft, and be intitled to hive and receive fuch payment in refpeft thereof, and in fuch fiketnanner as any other contributor; and the (aid guardian and truftee, as to the faid fum or fums fo advanced, is hereby dif-pharged, fb as the name of fuch infant be expreffed in the re-‘ ccipt or receipts for fuch money; and alfb upon tber ticket or pickets that (nail be delivered out for the fame, that fo it may

apppear



284	Annotriccfimo prittib GeoUgii H. c.	f*758.;

appear that fuch infant or infants was or were thfe ebrifributor oV contributors.

Limitation LXI. And be it further eriafted by the authority afordaid,’ ot (ale of	That no person or persons, in Great Britain or Inland, (hall

chances. Scc. fell the chance or chances of any ticket or tickets iti the faid lottery, or any (hare or (hares in any ticket or tickets in the faid lottery, for a day, or part of a day, or for a longer time Ids than the whole time of drawing the lottery then ro coifte', or • shall receive any money whatfoever in confederation of the re-*	payment	of	any	fum	or fums of money, in cafe any ticket or

tickets in the (aid lottery shall prove fortunate; or shall lay any wager relating to the drawing of any ticket or tickets in the faid lottery, either as to the time of luch ticket or tickets being drawn, or whether fuch ticket or tickets be drawn fortunate or unfortunate; and all and every person and persons who (halt offend in any of the above-mentioned matters, shall forfeit' add Penalty. pay treble the fum and fums of money which shall have been received by fuch person or persons, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a& 5 to be recovered by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of reebrd at Wejiminjler or Dublin refpeftively; on which no e(Toin? protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed ; one moiety whereof to be for the pfe of his Majesty, his heirs, or fucceffors, and the bther moiety to *	be paid to the person or persons who shall fue for the fame j

and every fuch wager or contract, and every agreement relating thereto, shall be, and is hereby declared to be null and void. Ptrfoiu felling LXII. And be it further enaCled by the authority aforefaid, Shares in tic- That if any person or persons, in Great Britain or Irelandy shall ket* of which *	~	~

they are not pofleifed.

t% forfeit *500!.

Offences committed in Ireland agrtinft a6h for preventing un-

keep any office or offices, or shall print or publifh any fcheme , or propofal, for receiving any fum or fums of money in confi-deration of an interest to be granted for the fame, any ticker, or number of tickets, in the faid lottery, whereof fuch person or persons shall not then be a&ually poflefled, or in confideration of any fum or fums of money to be repaid in cafe any ticket or~ number of tickets, in the (aid lottery, which shall not be iri' the a&ual pofleffion of fuch person or persons, shall prove fortunate, all and every fuch person and persons shall forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds; to be recovered by action' of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s ’ courts of record at IVeJlminJler or Dublin refpe&ively ; inwjaich no effoin, prote&ion, or wager of law, or more than cine imparlance, shall be allowed ; one moiety thereof to be for the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflbrs, and the other moiety to be paid to the person or persons who shall fue for the fame ; and alfo shall fuffer three months imprifonment without bail, or* mainprise.

LXIII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, 1 That if any offence againft any of the a#s of parliament made ‘ in this kingdom, for preventing private abd unlawful lotteries, shall be committed in Ireland\ the offender shall incur the like

penalty

1758.]/ Anno:tricefifnoprimo Gsokoji IL' c. 22.	28g

penalty aod puniffiment, to be inflidted in like manner as if the lawful lotte-offence was committed ir. this kingdom •, and that fuch penalties as, by any of the faid a£s, are directed to be recovered in any a^ie> pum of his Majesty’s courts of record at tVefminftery £hallf in cafe of and may be offences .committed againlt any of the faid a&s in Ireland, be re- fued tor in covered in any of his Majetfy’s courts of record at Dublin.	Dublin.

LXIV. And to the end that all the payments as well upon the fortunate as upon the unfortunate tickets, may be more eaftly ascertained^ fettled, and adjujled% for the persons who jhall be and become intitled thereunto \ be it further enadted by the authority aforefeid, That After the as foon as conveniently may be after the drawing of the faid drawing of lottery shall be completed ana ended* all the faid tickets, as well ?be Jpttery, thofe contained in the books with three columns, as thofe con-beexchangS tained in the books with two columns, to be given out as afore: forcertificatei. faid, shall be exchanged for certificates to be fjgned by fuch of tbe faid managers, as shall be appointed for that purpofe.

LXV. Ana be it further enadted. That fuch of the (aid ma- Manager* to nagers, as any three or more of the comiflioners of the treasury ££vc *?otic£ °f now being, or the high treasurer for the time being, shall ap- JakiniTin the point to take in the faid tickets, aryl deliver out the (aid certiii- tickets, and cates for and in lieu thereof, shall give timely notice, by adver- delivering out tifementtobe printed and publiffied in manner as they fhailthe certifi-think fit, of the days and times for taking in the faid tickets,catc5* and delivering out the faid certificates, for and in lieu of the fame; and every perfon’s certificate shall be numbered in courfc, according to their bringing their tickets to the faid officer or officers (q to be appointed for exchanging the fame $ to which Book to be purpofe fuch officer or officers shall enter or caufe to be entered kePt f°r in a book or books to be by him or them kept for that PurP<>f€>4ea^^pcrron* the name of every person who brings any ticket qr, tickets to 9 • be exchanged for fuch certificate or certificates, and the number or numbers of the ticket or tickets whiclvfhall be fo brought by *nd the rrarti--fuch person or persons, the value in principal money payable thereupon, and the day of the month, and the year of our Lord,11	*

when the fame was fo brought, which book and books shall lie open in the office to be appointed for taking in the faid tickets to be exchanged for fuch certificates, for all persons concerned to perufe *, all which certificates shall be figned by the officer or officers fo to be appointed, or the major part of them, and be dire&ed to tbe accountant general of the bank of England for the time being.	'

LX VI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Certificate* to That the faid accountant general of the bank o(England for the bc fiSncd» &c. time being, to whom the (aid certificates are to be directed as a-» forefaid, (nail upon receiving and taking the faid certificates, or Accomptant any of them, give credit to the persons named therein, in a general to book or books, in manner herein before dire&ed, to be by hin> fc|vc provided and kept for that purpofe, for the principal fums trined in every luch certificate; and the persons to whole creditcertificates. 1 fuch principal fums shall be entered in the faid book or books,	,

hfe, her, qr their executors, adminiftrators, fueccflv**, apd af-	'

iigns.



Alignments may be made of the faid fum$, See.

Certificates to be filed and cancelled, and notes to be given in lieu thereof.

A chief ca-ibier, and ac-countant general, to be appointed by the bank for paying the annumes.

Treafury to iiTue money for that pur-poie to the faid cafliier.

who is to account for the fame.

Accountant general to examine the re* ceiptsand payments of the cafhier. Annuities deemed a personal eltate,

Anno tricesimo prim© Gedftou H. c. xa. ,	[1758*

Sign*, (hail and may have power to afignand transfer the Same, or any part, (hare, or proportion thereof, to any other perian or perlonr, bodies politick or corporate whatsoever, in other books to be prepared and kept by the. Said accountant general for that purpofc; and tbe principal Aims fo aSQgned or transferred. Shall carry the hid annuity of three pounds centum per annum, and-Shall be taken and deemed to be Stock tranaferrable by virtue of this aft, until the redemption thereof, in manner herein after mentioned;, and the faid accountant general of the bank of England for the time being,, is hereby authorized and direfted to cancel and file tbe certificates, as they Shall from time to time be received and taken in by him, and to give the persons bringing the fame, a note under his hand, testifying the principal money for which they have credit in the Said book or books,4>y reafon-or means of the certificates fo received, taken in, and cancelled, as aforefaid, and of the annuities attending the fame.

LX VII. And, for the mere eafy and fure payment as well tfft'td annuities after the rate ef three pounds per centum per annum, as of the faid annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum; be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the Said governor and company of the bank of England, and their fuc-ceflbrs, (hall, from time to time, until the Said refpeftive annuities Shall be redeemed according to this aft, appoint and employ one or more Sufficient person or persons within their office in thecity of London, to be the firft or chief caShier or caShiers, and one other fufficient person in the faid office to be their accountant general; and that fo much of the monies by this aft appropriated for this purpofe, as shall be fufficient from time to time to anfwcr the faid Several and refpeftive annuities and other payments herein dfrefted to be made out of the faid monies, (hall, by order of tbe commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury, for the time being, without any further or other warrant to be filed for, had, or obtained, in that behalf, from time to time, at the refpeftive day* of payment in this aft before appointed for payment thereof, to he ifibed and paid at the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, to the faid firft or chief caShier or caOuers by way of impreft, and upon account, for the payment of the faid Several and refpeftive annuities payable by virtue of this aft } and that all and every fuch caShier or cafhicrs, to whom the faid monies (hall, from time to time, be iflued, shall from time to time, without delay, pay the fame accordingly, and render his or their accounts thereof, according to the due courfe of the exchequer.

LXVIII. And it is hereby alfo enafted. That the faid accountant general for tbe time being, (hall, from time to rime, in-fpeft and examine all receipts and payments of the. faid caShier or calhiers, and the vouchers relating thereunto, in order ro prevent any fraud, negligence, or delay; and that all persons who Shall be in titled to any of the faid Several and refpeftive annuities, and all pvSbas lawfully claiming under them. Shall b«

pof-





175B.P Anno tricefono primo GeokgIiII. c. tt,	*$7

pofltfRd'ihefeof is	'»perfortsl eftate, and that the feme ftrtll &c. and to be

not be dCfctndable to the heir, and shall he free from all taxes,ta* ***** charges, and impofttfons whstfoever, and shall not be liable to any foreign1 attachment by the cuftom of	or	otherwife;

any la#, fttttste, or cuftom, to the contrary in anywife not-flandittg. *

LXIX. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, The 3 and That the faid Rim of four millions five hundred thousand half per cent.-pounds,1 put of the faid fum of five millions, (hill be deemed annuities one capital or joint dock 3 and that all perfona and corporations	f*a ,omt

wharibever, in proportion to the monies by them feverally ad* 1 vanced, for the purchafe of the faid annuities, after the rate of three pounds, ten (hillings percentum per annum, or fuch other annuities to which they shall become intitled by virtue of this aft, shall hare and be deemed to have a proportional interest and (hare in the faid ftock, and in the annuities attending the fame, at the rates aforefaid; and that the faid whole capital or and made joint ftock, or any (hare or interest therein, and the propor- transferrable. tional arfnuity attending the fame, lhall be aflignable and tranf* ferrable as this aft direfts, and not otherwife.

LXX. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, The 3I. per That all the monies to which any perfonor persons (nail become cenf. annuities intitled by virtue of this aft, in refpeft of any fum advanced	a

or contributed towards the faid fum of five hundred thpufend w-lth annuities pound*, on which thwfeid annuities after the rate of three pounds of like value, per centum per annum, shall be attending, shall be added to the incorporated joint ftock of annuities transferable at the bank of England, in*	*•

to which the Teveral fums carrying an interest at the rate of threo pounds per centum per annum, were by an aft made in the twentr fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty converted, and shall be deemed part of the faid joint ftock of annuities^ fiibjeft ne-terthelefs to a redemption by parliament, in fueb manner, and upon fuch notice, as is in the laid aft direfted, in refpeft of the several and refpeftive annuities, redeemable by virtue of the (aid ‘ aft ; and that all and every person or persons and corporations wbatfoever, in proportion to the money to which he, (he, or they Audi become intitled as aforefaid, by virtue of this aft, lhall have and be deemed to have a proportional interest and (hare in the faid joint ftock of annuities, at the rate aforefaid.

• LXXI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. Transfer That there lhall be conftantly kept by the accountant general book* to be for the time being, books, wherein all aflignments of the films kept by the advanced or contributed towards the laid ram of four millions accountant five hundred thoufetid pounds, and alfb all affignments or ge*er ’ transfers bf all fums advanced and contributed towards the faid fum1 of five hundred thousand pounds, :ftudl at all fea-	1

fonable times be entered and-regiftored ; which entries lhall be Method of conceived in proper Words for that putpofe, and shall be Anted j.r*3fenrU'* by the parties making fuch aflignments or transfers ; or if luck parries'be abfent, by their refpeftive attorney or anomies, there- . urns lawfully authorised in writing under their hands and fools, ■	.	.	!

a	to



Annuities lie vifeable by will.

Entry to lie made of fuch claufc in the will.

Transfer not

289	Anno	tricefimo	prime Geo*gii II. 0.2<u [1^58*

to be atteflad by two or more credible Wtmefles, and tliefeveral persons to whom fuch transfers (ball be'made, do rdpc&tvely underwrite their acceptance thereof $ end that no other method of affignmg and transferring the faid Several annuities or any part thereof or any intereft, shall be good or available in law.

LXXiL Provided always, That all perfbitt poffeflttl of any. (hate or interest in either of the laid joint ftocks of annuities* of anyeftateor interest therein, may devife the fame by infill in writing, atteftcd by two or more credible witnefles, but that wo payment (ball be made upon any fuch devife till (b much of the faid will as relates to the faid joint ftocks of annuities, be enter-' cd in the faid office •> and in default of fuch transfer or devife* fuch (hare or interest in the faid joint (lock of annuities shall go to the executors or adminiftrators j and that no Aamp duties liable toitamp whatfoever, shall be charged upon the faid transfers, or any of duties. them . any other law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

LXX1II. Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority a alUncident	That	out	of	the monies arifing from the contribution

charges at- towards raifing the faid fum of five millions, the com m i (lionets tending the of the treafiiry, or any three or more of them now beitig, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the comraiflionersof the treasury for the time being, shall have power to difeharge all fuch incident charges as shall neceflarily attend the execution of this ad, in fuch manner as to them shall feetn juft and realbnafele? and alfo to fettle and appoitit fuch allowances as they shall fee juft .... -„v—~ andreafonable,forthefervice,pains^ndlabourofthefeidea(hieror to thiTcafhier, cafhiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the laid cow-and account- tributions ; and alfo shall have power to take out of-the faid (tefe-* ing fund fuch further allowances as they shall think juft and rea-fonable, for the fervice, pains, and labour of the calhieror cafhiers of the governor and company of the bank of Bnghmi* fat receiving, paying, and accounting for the feverai and refeeAive annuities, payable by virtue of this ad, and alfo for the fervice* pains, and labour of the accountant general of the faid governor and company for performing the duty and tmft incumbent on him by this a& ; all which allowances hereby impowered CO be made as aforefaid, in refpe^tto the fervice, pains, and labour governor and anY °®ccr or officers of the faid governor and company, shall company of be for theufe* and benefit of the faid'governor and company, and at the bank. their difpofal only; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwijhftanding.

Officers taking LXXIV. And be it hereby enafled by the authority tferefirid* any fee or * That no.fee or gratuity shall be demanded or taken ef any of gratuity in his Majesty’s fubjetfts for receiving or paying the faid cofitribtt-tIllC0Urr °r	oc	any	of them, or for any tatties or receipt* eon-

^eit »oj, * c^rn*n8 the ^me» or for iffuing the monies for paying the faid 1	feverai annuities; or. any of them; add that no fee or gratuity

(hall be demanded or taken for any transfer great or (malt? to be made in purfuance of this ad, upon pain that the-officer or person offending by taking or demanding any fuch fee or gfatuc-

execution of this a&}

and to make an allowance

aot general;

to be at the



t$g

17581.1 Anno triceftsw primo Gboroh II. €• 22.

ty, contrary* tiMhis ael* ihall forfeit the fam of twenty pounds to the party grieved, to be recovered with full cods? of fait, in any of hisMajefty’t courts of record at IVeftminfter.

LXXV., Provided al(b, and it.is hereby enabled by the au* The annuities thority afprefifid, That at any time after the expiration of twen- ** 3|* ^ P*r ty four years, to be computed from the fifth day of July, (me dVcmable tfll thousand fevon hundred and fifty eight, and not loonier, upon after the expi-fix months notice to be printed in the London Gazette* and af- ration of , fixed upon the Royal Exchange in London, by authority of par- ycars» liament; and upon repayment by parliament of the whole principal Aim of four millions five hundred thpufand pounds, for which the faid annuities, after the rate of three pounds ten fhtl-lings per centum per annum, are payable to fdch refpedHve persons or corporations as shall be intitled to the fame annuities; or upon the like repayment by parliament of any pan of the laid fum of four trillions fivehundred thousand pounds, fo as fuch part of the fum fo paid at any onetime be not left than fivehundred thousand pounds; and alfo upon full payment of all arrearages of thoiameannuities; then, and not till then* the faid annuities shall ceaft and ^determine, and be underftood to be redeemed; and that any vote or refolution of the houfe of commons, fig-* rnfied by the fpeaker in writing, to be inferted in the London Gazette, and .affixed on the Royal Exchange in London as afore-faid, (hail be deemed and adjudged to be fufiicient notice within the words and meaning of this a<5h

LXXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby ena&ed by the Bank to coit-authority aforefaid, That the laid governor and company of the tinue a corpd-baak of England, and their fucceffors, not withholding the re-demotion of all or any their own funds, in purfuance of the a&s redeemed. 5cc* foreftahlilhing the fame, or any of them, shall continue a corporation, till all the faid several annuities shall be redeemed by parliament, according to the provisoes herein before contained in that behalf $ and that the faid governor and company, or any member thereof, shall not incur any difability, for or by reafon of their doing any matter or thing in purfuance of this act.

LXXVII. And whereas doubts may arije, whether the puttifoment in flicted in and by an aft of Parliament made and pqffed in the eighth year of the reign of his late majejly King George the Ftrjf, intituled, An a& to prevent the mifehiefs by foreign powers, to , 1 at^‘ V transfer fuch docks, or to receive fuch annuities or dividends as are therein mentioned; or by fraudulently perfonating the true owners thereof; and to re&ify miftakes of the late managers fat taking fubfcriptions for increafing the capital dock of the South Sea company, and in the indruments founded thereupon, on persons guilty of the several fpecies of forgery, and other offences therein mentioned, extends to the commijfion of the likd forgery and offences in relation to fuch capital flocks and funds as have been efta* blifoed by the authority of parliament, fine* tbf paffwg of the faid aft, and may be hereafter eftdblijhed; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforeftid. That if any perton or persons whatfoever, from Penalty in the and after the firft day of July, one thousand feven hundred recited aft of

YoL. XXII*	U	and	forging or

counter (citing

dividends or annuities thereon, &c. extended to t&if aft, &c.

Anno triccfimo pcimo Geo&gu II.	[1758*

letters of at arid fifty eight, shall forge or counterfeit, or procure, to bcfbrg-torney, in or- ^ 0r counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully adl or aflid, in thp t^nsfcrftock f°rg,ng or counterfeiting any letter of attorney, or other autho-in any of the rity or inftrument, to transfer, aflign, fell, or convey any (hare funds, Sec. or or (hares, of any part of any (hare pr (hares, of or in any fuch *£ccive *nY capital ftock or funds of any body or bodies politick or porpo*-rate edabliftied, or which shall be eftablifhed, by any adt or adU of parliament; or toYeceive any dividend or dividends,attending any (hare or (hares, or any part of any (hare or (hares, of, or in, any fuch capital (lock or funds as aforefitid; ortoreceive any annuity or annuities, in refpedl whereof any proprietor or proprietors have of shall have any transferable (liare or (hares of or in any capital (lock or docks which now are, or hereafter shall be, edabliftied by any adt or adls of parliament) in ,pio-portion to their refpedlive annuities; or shall forge or couator* feit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully adt or aflid in the forging or counterfeiting any the name or names of any the proprietors of any fuch (hare or (hares in dock, or of any the persons intitled to any fuch annuity or annuities, dividend or dividends, as aforefaid, inortoany fuch pretended letter of attorney, indrument, or authority ; or shall knowingly or fraudulently demand, or endeavour to have, any fuch (hare or lhares in dock, or any part thereof, transferred, afligned, fold, or conveyed, or fuch annuity or annuities, dividend or dividends, or any part thereof, to be received by virtue of any fuch counterfeit or forged letter of attorney, authority or inftru-tnent; or shall falfcly and deceitfully perfonate any true and real proprietors of the faid (hares in dock annuities and dividends, or any of them, or any part thereof, and thereby transferring or endeavouring to transfer the dock, or receiving or endeavouring to receive the money, of fuch true and lawful proprietor, as if fuch offender were die true and lawful owner thereof; then, and in every or any fuch cafe, all and every fuch person and persons, being thereof lawfully convidted in due form of law, shall be deemed guilty of felony^ and differ death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.	' ■ ^ I ^

LXXVIII. And whereas doubts may arife whether the pun'tjbjn$t inflicted in and by an aft of parliament made and paffed in the feconi year of the reign of his present Majejiy% intituled, An adt for the adofxGeo1» lT¥)re e®c<^ua^ preventing and further punhhmcnt of forger), ’perjury, and hibernation of peijuiy; and to make it felony to deal bonds, notes, or other fecurities for payment of money, on persons guilty of the several fpecies of forgery therein mentioned^ extends to the commijfm of the like forgeries with an intention to ii* °f^/fPnSor fraud any corporation: be it therefore enadted by the authority a-Secd^wuf aT y f°rcfeid> That if any person from and after the firft day of July^ obligation’, one thousand feven hundred and fifty eight, shall falfely make, acquittance, forge, or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be falfly made, forged, &c with hi- or counterfeited, or willingly adl or aflid in the falfe making, forg-a^corora- *ng» or counterfeMng> anY deed, will, tedament, bond, writing, tionExtended obligatory bill of.exchange, promiflbry note for payment of money, to thu ad.	indorfe-

Drgitized by



175®*^ Anno tricesimo pnmo Giofcdrl II. c.	i$t

mdorfement or affignmeht of any bill of exchange, or prdmrfTory note for payment of money, or any acquittance or receipt either for money or goods, with an intention to defraud any corpora* tion whatfoever; or shall utter or publifh as true, any ^falfe, forged, or counterfeited deed, will, teftament, bond, writing,’ obligatory bill of exchange, promiffory note for payment of ifto* ney, indorfement, or afligment of any bill of exchange, or pro-* miffbrjrnotefor payment of money, acquittance or receipt eitbei* for money or go6d$, with intention to defraud any corporation,' knowing the fame to be falfe, forged, of counterfeited; then every fuch perfon, being thereof lawfully convifted according to the due courfe of law, shall be deemed guilty of felony, and fuf-’ for death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.

LXXIX. And it is hereby enafted by the authority aforefaid, Limitation of That if any person or persons (hall, at any time or times, be anions, fued or profecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this aft, or of any matter or thing in this aft contained, fuch person or persons shall and may plead the

S:neral ifliie, and give the fpecial matter in evidence for his or General iflue.

eir defence 5 and if upon trial a verdift shall pafs for the defendant of defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become Treble cods, nonfuited, then fuch defendant or defendants shall have treble	’	'

cofts to him or them awarded againff fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XXI1L

An act for the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of fmall debts within the weitern dirifion of the hundred of Brixton, in the county of Surry.

CAP. XXIV.

An act for the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of fraall debts within the borough of Great Yarmouth, and the liberties thereof.

CAP. XXV.

An all for eftablijhing a free market for the fale of corn\

and grain) within the city or liberty of Weftnrriniter.	r

WHEREAS the eftabUfhing a free market for the fale of corn and grainy within the city or liberty of Weftminfter, would be very advantageous to the inhabitants of the fend city and liberty, as well as the adjacent parts, but fuch market cannot be ejlablijbed with-out the aid of parliament: may it therefore pleafe your Ma-	'

jefty, that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s mbft. excellent majefty, by and with the advice and qonfent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament.	’

affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That there foal} A free market be a free and open marker held within the citv or liberty of Wejlf*0 r fale of minfier\) forajl forts of corn and grain whatfoever; and that it^^to be shall and may be lawful for any person or persons to buy or fell heuTin Wcft-any fort of com and grain, feed, malt, meal, and flour, in the minder, faid market, without any difturbance or moleftation whatfoever, neverthelefs yielding and paying fuch fums as are herein after mentioned.

Ua	II	.Jbd*



Trofttei

mxae%

Truftee* im-powcrcd to fet out and pur-Chafe ground, &c. for the fire of the market.

Bodies politick, guardians trofteestf and other perrons interefted in fuch grounds, fee. impowered to fell andconvey the feme for thepurpofe afore laid.

ro fj.

•* ’I • '

Anno tricefitno primo GeoRgiI It c. 25. ll75$i

II.	And to end the fad intended market may be trt&ed9 ejbblifady and maintained under fuch rules and regulations, as are by this aft herein after directed and prcfcribed\ be it further enaded by. the authority aforefaid, That the honourable major general Edufard Cornwauis, Sir John Crojfe baronet, and the representatives in parliament for the city of Weflminfler for the time being ^ Sir William Beauchamp Pro&or baronet, George Cooke efauirc, and the veprefentatives in parliament for the county of Middlefeq for the time being; the honourable Charles Cavendi/h efquire* commonly called lord Charles Cavendifb; the right honourable

lord Carpenter in the kingdom of Ireland, Sir Richard Grofuenor, Sir Matthew Lambe baronets; George Onflow, John Wilkes,, John Little, Nathaniel Curzon, Samuel Threjher, John Olmius, John Goodchild, John Drummond, Edward Byron, John Pudfey, Saunders Welch,	ClutUrbuck,	John Walfb, Henry Cat-

tetty Thomas Gilpin, efquires ; John Wright coachmakcr,

Giffard, John Machin timber merchant,	Latham

diftiller, Thomas Chamberlain pewterer, Kemp Bridges laceman, Morris woollen draper, Thomas Bedwell ironmonger, Samuel Peirfon, Nicholas Spencer, Roger Jackfon, Richard Lane, Thomas Brooke, and Nathaniel Better, gentlemen; (hall, from and immediately after the palling of thif ad, be, and they are hereby appointed truftees for putting this ad in execution.

III.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, or any person or persons authorized by them, to fet out ground proper for holding the faid market at fome convenient place within the faid city or liberty; and alfo to purchafe fuch ground, together with any buildings ereded thereupon, or upon any part thereof, and all or any eftate, term, or intereft, fubfifting therein, and to convert the faid ground into a market * in truft neverthelefs, to and for the several ufes, intents, and purpofes, as are herein after declared concerning the fame.

IV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That it shall and may be lawful to and for all persons vyhatfoe-ver, bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, corporations aggregate or foie, femes covert who are or (half be feifed or interefted in their own right, truftees and feoffees in truft, guardians and committees for lunaticks and ideots, executors, admini-. ftrators, and guardians whatfoever, not only in behalf of tbem-felves, their heirs and fuccefTors, but alfo for and in behalf of their ceftuique.trufts, whether infants or iftue unborn, lunaticks, ideots, femes covert, or other persons whatfoever, who are or shall be feifed or poffefled of, or interefted in, any lands, mef-fuages, or tenements, which lhall be within the bounds and limits fo to be fet out by the faid truftees, as aforefaid, or any five or more of them, for the holding the faid market thereon, tp contrsd for, fell, convey, or furrender to the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, or to any person or persons they shall appoint in'truft for them, all or any fuch mefluages, tends, te-,	'	.	nements.





Anno tricesimo prirno GEORGIA If. C. 25. nements, or hereditaments*, or any part thereof, or any terms

*93

for years, or any estate or interest therein; and that all fuch such fale, and Contracts, agreements, bargains, fale, affignments, furrenders,‘conveyance, and other conveyances, which shall be Jo ihade as aforefaid**deemed good shall be good and valid in law to all intents and purposes what- in ,aw* foever, not only to convey the estate and interest of the perfon, or persons conveying, but alfo all right, eftate, intereft, ufe; property, daim, and demand whatfoever, of'their several and' mfpeftive ceftuique trtifts, whether infants or iflue unborn, lu-naticks, ideots; femes covert, or other persons whatfoever, and all persons claiming, or to claim, by, from, or under theta 7: ajny law, (htute, or ufage, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

V.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority afore- where fuch 1

fatd. That aH and every fum and fums of money which shall be lands, See. paid by the faid truftees, for the purchafe.of fuch mefluages, AwH beheldin lands, tenements;-*nd hereditaments, or any estate therein, to ^^’tobekid any person or perfotis whatfoever, bodies politick, corporate, or pur.al . collegiate, corporations aggregate oriole, femes covert, truftees chafes of other or feoffees in truft, guardians or committees for lunaticks or lands, Sec. of ideots,' executors, adminiftrators, or guardians whatfoever, ^u*l to tber as aforefaid, or in manner herein after directed, shall be laid	,5“ toyJe

out again in the purchafe of other meffuages, lands, tenements, ufcs as declare or hereditaments, or of fuch estate therein, as the vender orvend-ed in fuefy f ers had in the premifles, from the fale of which thii faid purchafe trufts. money arofe; and the meffuages, latate;' tenements,1 hereditaments, or other premifles, vwCK shall be purchased with the

faid money, shall be fettled, conveyed, and aflured, to the fame ufes, and ftand charged with, and be liable to, the lame charge or charges, as the mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, from the fale of which the purchafe money shall arife. were liable to, and chargeable with, before the fame were fo fold to the faid truftees.

VI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, if the parties

That If it shall happen that any person or persons, bodies politick interetted (halt corporate or collegiate, or Other person or persons whatfoever, rcfof® totroaty vftto are hereby enabled to convey as aforefaid, shall refufe to / treat and agree with the faid truftees, or to convey as aforefaid.	*

then; and in fuch cafe, it shall and may be lawful to ana

for the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, to iffue out Truftees iWtdj a warrant or warrants, precept or precepts, to the high bailiff of iflbetheir wap-TVeftTfiinJitt (who is hereby authorised and difefted to obey the !?,Vu•££• factre) 10 impanel and return a competent number of fubftan- impanel and^ tiUl ahd difinterefted persons qualified to ferve on juries,T not lefs return a jury; than forty eight, nor more than feventy two 5 and out of fucH persons fo to be impannelled, fummoned, and returned, a jury of twelve persons shall be drawn by the faid truftees, or any five or more of them; or feme person to be by them, or anjf five or J*10 aw to be more of them, appointed; in fuch manner as juries for the trial f”The*tria 1 of ittues joined m his Maiefty’s courts at Wejlmirtfer} by an aft of ifTucs join-made in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty (in- ed, by aft of

U 3	tituled,	l «£»• «•

1 directed.



Jurors may be challenged.

Truftees may fummon ana examine wit-nefleson oath; and order evidences and documents of the eftates to be produced.

jury to view the place in queltion, and aiTcfs the damage and re-compence on oath-

Truftees to give judgement thereupon ; which is to be final and binding.

Notice of the meeting of the jury to oe given to the party in poftefiion, &c.

©r, if untenanted, to be publifhed in the Garctte.

Anno cricefimo primo Georgh II. c. 25. [1758,

tituled, An at! for the better regulation of juries) are drawn ; which persons fo to be impanelled, tummoned, and returned, arehere* by required to come and appear before the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, at fuch time and place as in fuck warrant or warrants, precept or precepts, shall be directed and appoint-* ed; and all parties concerned shall and may have their lawful challenges agairfft any of the faid jurymen; and the (aid truftees, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorized and impow-ered by warrant or warrants under their hands and feais, from time to time, as occafion shall require, to call before them all and every person or persons whatfoever, who shall be thought proper and ncceffary to be examined as witnefles before them, touching or concerning the premises, and to require any person or per* fons who shall have any books, papers, deeds, or writings, which may tend to difeover the value or the premiflTes, or the title or titles of the persons claiming any estate or interest therein, to produce the fame to the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, or fuch person or persons as they shall appoint to tnfpeft the fame; and the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, (hall, and are hereby impowered to adminifter oaths, as well to the parties concerned, as to others, for the discovery of the truth of the value of the premiflTes, or of the title of the person or persons claiming any estate or imereft in the premifles? and shall and may authorize the faid jury to view the place or places, or matters in queftion, in cafe the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, shall think fit fo to do 5 and the faid jury upon their oaths (which oaths shall alfobeadminiftered by the faid trufteesyor any five or more of them) shall inquire of, and aflefs fuch damages and recompence, as they shall judge fit to be awarded to the owners and occupiers of fuch houfes, ground, or other estate or intereft, or either of them, for their refpe&ive eftates and in-tcrefts therein, and which the faid truftees shall adjudge necef-fary to be purchased for the purpofe aforefaid ; and the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, aflembled' together, shall and may give judgment for fuch fum or fums fo aflefled byfbcfi jury or juries refpe&ively ; which faid verdict or verdift s, and the judgment, decree, or determination, thereupon declared and pronounced by the faid truftees. Or any five or more of them, aflembled together; and the value and recompence fo to be af-fefled and declared (notice in writing being firft given of the time and place and intent of the meeting of the faid traftees, at lead twenty days before fuch meeting, to any person who is in pofleflioiw>f any estate or intereft; then to be valued amd af-fefled ; or in cafe fuch person or persons cannot be found to be pcrfonally ferved therewith, fuch notice being left at the dwell-ing-houfc or ufual place of abode of fach person or persons (b interefted as aforefaid, or with fouie tenant or occupier of the mefluages, lands, tenements, or premises, fo to be valued and aftctTed, or atiy of them, or if wholly untenanted, then publication thereof being made in the London Gazette) shall be binding andconclufive tq all iptents andjmrpofes whatfoever, againftall



*95

r7S&] Anno tricesimo primo Georgh II. c.25.

and ttrcry'perfon or peifonswhatfoever, bodies politic or corporate* claiming any right, tide,' truft, or intereft, in, to, or out of, thefaid houfct, grounds, tenements, and premises, to be affected by this ad, either in pofleffion, reverfion, remainder, or expectancy^* well infants, lunaticks, ideots, femes covert, tenants in tail, tenants for life, terms of years, or at will, his, her, and thefrheir?; fecceflbrs, executors, and adminiftrators; and thefaid vcrdiAs* judgments, orders, and other proceedings of the faid Verdi#, and tnsfteevor any five or more of them, which concern fuch lands, judgment tenements, and hereditaments, shall be tranfmitted to, and en- djc,euP°n» tered or doequetted in, the regifter’s office for the county of enter-MtddkfeXy and lhall be deemed and taken to be records to all ed in, the re. intents and purposes whatfoever; and all persons may have re- giftcr’s office, courfe to the feme gratis, and take copies thereof, paying for the	may

copies a fum not exceeding fix pence for every two hundred and copies*0* words; and fo proportionably for any greater number of words, taken thereof.

VII.	And it is hereby further enaCted and declared. That up- y ment on payment of fuchfumorfumsof money fotobeadjudgedforthCo^e^n af. purchafe of the premifles, or any part thereof, the person or fefied, convey-perfons intitled thereto shall make and execute, or procure to be ance to be • made and executed, good, valid, and legal conveyances, affign- oMhe*" ments, and aflurances in the law, to the feid truftees and their p^miffts. fucceflors, of the faid premifles, for which fuch Aim or fums of1 money were fo awarded, and shall do all fuch ads, matters and things neceflary or requifite to make a good, real, and perfect title thereto $ and fuch conveyances, alignments, and aflurances, Whcre shall contain all fuch reafonable and ufual covenants as lhall, on vinced°orffiaU behalf of the faid truftees and their fucceflors, be required ; and be refofed to in cafe any person or oerfons to whom fuch money lhall be a- be made, warded as aforefeid, mall not evince a title to the faid premifles to the faid truftees, and make, or procure to be made, good and legal conveyances thereof, or lhall refufe fo to do, being thereunto required, fuch fum and fums of money fo awarded as a-fbrefaid, fccing ready to be paid to him, her or them, on ma-kmg fucK* title, ana tendered for that purpofe; or in cafe any ortbeproprie-perfon or persons intitled to the premifles for which fum or fums *or «ju*ot be of money shall be fb awarded as aforefeid, cannot be foundfound* within the city or liberty of fVejlminfter or county of Middlesex; or in cafe that by reafon of dilputes depending in any court of or it lhall be law or equity, or for defedt of evidence, it lhall not appear to the doubtful who faid truftees, or any five or more of them, what person is or are intitled to the premifles in oueftion, that then, and in all and every or any fuch cafe and cales as aforefaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, to order fuch fum or fums of money fo awarded as a-fbrefaid, as the value of and purchafe money for the faid pre- the truftees mifles, to be paid into the bank of England for the ufe of the par- ^ ties interefted in the faid premifles, to be paid to them, and each payawJhK the and evety of them, according to their refpc&ive eftates and in- premifles,in terfts-in the faid premifles, at fuch times as the faid truftees, or the bank * toy five-or more pf them, lhall, by warrant or warrants under

U 4	their

 

money.

*9$	Anno	triccfimo primo Gporgji IL

their hands, order and dired; >^nd the <c?ih«r «nd:tciihiorsiqf the bank pf England, who flaajl receive fucb fumand fums, is receipt to be and are hereby required to give a receipt or receiptS'for/ticfrfao] *jven for the ^ncj furpS mentioning and (pecifying for what premises, asvd for whofe ufe the fame is or are received* to fuch person or persons as fhaJJ pay fuch fum or fums into the bank of Enghmd as afore-snd to be faid \ which receipt or receipts (ball be tjranfmitted to, and en-tranfmittedto>^ered qr doequeued in theregiftcr’s office of the coupey of Mid-#ndenteredin, dlefex, in manner aforefaid, and shall be deemed and taken to-be office?lAer5 recPr^s t0 all intents and purposes whatfoever $ and immediate-* ■ ly on fuch payment and regiftry all the.eftate, right, title, ufe, after which,all truft, property, equity of redemption, claim apd demand in Jaw right in the and equity, of all and every person and persons for whofe ufe veftlnithe°	money was of, in, to, from, and out of the faid pre-

tiuitces. miffes, or any part thereof, shall veil in the faid truftees and their fucceffors, apd they the faid truftees, and their fucceffors, shall be deemed in law to be in the a&ual pofleflion thereof, and to be feized thereof in fee-fimple, freed and difeharged from all claims, demands, and equity of redemption either at jaw or in equity, to all intents and purpofes, as fully and effectually, as if all and every petfon and persons, having any eftate, right, title, truft, intereft, or equity of redemption, pf, in, to, from, or out of the faid premises, had actually conveyed the fame by leafe and releafe, bargain and fale, inrolled feoffment, with livery of feifin, fine and recovery, or any other conveyance whatfoever 5, and fuch paymeut shall not only bar all right, ti-tje, iptereft, equity of redemption, claim, and demand, of the person or persons to whofe ufe fuch payment was made; but alfo mall extend to aqd deemed and conftrued to bar the {lower and dowers pf the wife or wives of fuch person or per-fpns, and all $ftates tail, and remainders, as fully and effedually is a fine or recovery would do, or would have done, if levied or fuffered by proper parties in due form of law.

^thePpu™Cnt VIII. And be it further cnaded by the authority aforefiud, chafe money, That from and immediately after payment made for-the.lands truftees may and hereditaments .fo to be purchased as aforefaid, it shall and enter onthe may be lawful for the faid truftees and their fucceffors to en-cowerr the”^ ler uPon premiffes fo purchafed, and every part thereof, far*« into a and to convert the fame tp be ufed as a free market as afore-jnarket.«' • faid.

IX. Aid, for raifwg a fum of money fufficient for the payment of the pur chafe of fuch lands and hereditaments, and other ibepur-Truftees may pofes'of this ait \ be it further enaded by the authority afprefaid, borrow money yhat it ftjall and may be* Jawful to apd fof the faid tnjftees, or ^fes o/This	foore	of	them,	and they are hereby authorized and

aft y f

and build

fUda and

{lands in the market >

in^powere^ .fo raj fe, borrow, tafte, and receive, of and from any person or persons whomfpever, oc any body or bodies corporate pr-politick whatfoever, who are willing to lend and advance the fame, any (urn or fums of money not exceeding in the whole the sum of thtee thg^fand pounds for the payment of fuch purchafe qtoney, and fo/jptbpr the purposes .of this ad \ and to fet up apd build upon fqch lands fo to be purchafed, all fuch (beds,

(lands.

 

175^.] Amotricefimo primo <3eoRGii II. c. 25.	297

ftands, flails, and other ere&ions, as shall be found ncceflary

for constituting the faid market; or in cafe it shall be found to 0r let the

bt more convenient and beneficial to let out fuch ground upon a ground on a

building ieafe or leafes for the purposes aforefaid, it shall and Buildingleafe.

may be lawful for the faid truftees, or any nine or more of them,

and they are hereby authorized and impowered to fet and let out

fiich ground for the bed rent that can be gotten for the fame,

payable quarterly, or otherwife, upon a leafe or leafes, for any

term or terms not exceeding sixty one years, to any person or

perfons who shall be willing to contract for and take the fame,

’Vvith proper covenants binding him or them to build and fet up all needfary ere&ions thereupon for coverting the fame into a market as aforefaid.	p .

X.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That no mo-

oey shall be borrowed on the credit of this a<ft by the faid tru- given in the flees* unlefs notice in the London Gazette shall be firft given there- &azettebefore of at lead twenty days before the borrowing of fuch money. the borrowing

XI.	Andy far difeharging the debt to be incurred as aforefaid^ be ™ ooiy*may be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That it shall and advanced for may be lawful to and for any person or persons to contribute, the purchafe advance, and pay into the hands of the faid trudees, or any five °f ,l^e annui~ or more of them, or their treasurer for the time being, any fum tlcs>

or Turns of money not exceeding *m the whole, the sum of three thousand pounds, for the abfolute purchafe of one or more an-puity or annuities, to be paid and payable during the full term of the natural life of fuch contributor or contributors refpe&ively, pr the natural life of fuch other person or persons as shall be nominated by and on the behalf of fuch refpedive contributor pr contributors, at the time of payment of his or their refpedlive contribution monies; which annuity or annuities shall not ex- after the rate peed the rate of eight pounds per centum per atmum9 for every of 81 Per one hundred pounds, and fo in proportion for any greater or ^urnT lefs fum to be advanced and paid as aforefaid $ all which annui- . ties fo to be pprehafed, shall not exceed in the whole, the sum of two hundred and forty pounds per aunumy and shall be pay* able and naid by the faid truflees, or any five or mere of them, in fuch "place within the faid city or liberty of Weftminjtery as, they, or any five or more of them, shall for that purpofe appoint, by quarterly payments, the firft payment to begin and be and .to fee paid made, to the refpedtive purchafer or purchafers, and his or their <luartef*y« affigns, at the expiration^of three months after payment of their Annuities to refpediye purchafe monies; which annuities shall be publickly be fold to the fold by th£ faid truftees, to the beft bidder for the fame.	bidder.

XII.	And it is hereby ena&ed, That there shall be provided Names and by the faid truftees, and kept in (uch place within the faid city abode of the or liberty oiAVeJlniinfler> as-they, or any five or more of them, purchafers, shall appoint, a book or books in which shall be fairly written andby'whonT in words at length,-the names and furnames, with the proper paid/&c. to additions and places of abode, of all fuch persons who shall be be enttr’d in proprietors of any of the annuities aforefaid, and of all persons proper books jpy whole hands the faid purohafers fh^ll pay in any fum or fums

6	of



298	Aju*o	tricefimo	prime Gsoftou II.	[175$;

of money upon the credit of this adt, and alfo the fum fopatf for the purchafe of fuch annuities, and the refpe&ive days ef to which re- payment thereof; to which book and books, it ftajlbe lawful courfe may be for the faid refpedlive purchasers, and their afiigns,-and' to and gratu. for any other person or persons, at all fcafonable tithes, to hate recourfe to and infpedt the fame, without fee or rewajxL, Annuities en- , XIII. And it is hereby further ena&ed. That all and every furcd the the contributor and contributors upon the, credit of tbie ad, purchasers, du|y payjng the confideration or purchafe-money at the rato>a-forefaid, for any fuch annuity or annuities as aforefaid, or finch . person or persons as he, (he, or they, shall appoint, his, her, or their refpe&ive afiigns, (hail have, receive, and enjoy the re-fpe&ive annuity or annuities fo to be purchafed, during the term of the natural life of the- person to be nominated by each fuch purchafer or contributor, as above mentioned; and that all and-every foch purchafer, and purchafers, and their afiigns refpee-tiveljr, shall have good, fure, abfolute, and indefeazabie eftatee and interest in the annuities fo by them refpe&ively to be purchafed, according to the tenor and true meaning of this ad ; and to be tax	an<* none of the faid annuities shall be fubjed or liable to

free.	any tax afiefied upon land by authority of parliament; and that

Receipts to be everY contributor upon the credit of this ad for thd purchafe 06 given to con- 501T foch annuity,or annuities as aforefaid, his, her, or their tributors for afiigns, upon payment of the confideration or purchafe^money the money fbr the Came, at the rate aforefaid, or any part or ptoportioa Saem,n by	hereof, into the hands of the faid truftees, or any five or more

9	of them, or their treasurer for the time being, shall have one or

more receipt or receipts, importing the receipt of fo much pur-anduponcom- chafe-money as shall be fo paid; and upon payment of all the Plea^8■their purchafe-money for any fuch annuity or annuities, every fuch ordw^is to be contributor, his, her, or their afiigns refpedively, shall have an given them on order on parchment or vellum for payment of the faid annuity vellum or or annuities, for and during the natural life of fuch person as P^cl\mkent’ shall be nominated by fuch contributor or purchafer, as afore-trSurtCees/forC ^ > which order shall be (igned by the faid truftees, or any payment of five or more of them, and after figning thereof, the fame shall their annui- be firm, good, valid, and eflre&ual, in the law, according to the tic8,	purport and meaning thereof, and of this ad*

XIV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid* Annuitiesmay That it shall and may be lawful to and for any purchafer or beaffigned. purchafers of any fuch annuity or annuities as aforefaid, and nis, her, and their executors, adminiftrators, or afiigns, at any time or times, by writing under his, her, or their hands and feals (without any (lamp thereupon) to afiign iuch annuity or annuities, or any part thereof, or any interest therein, to any Entry to be person or persons whatsoever, Jnd fo tot'us quoting and a me-made thereof, morandum or entry of all fuch alignments, shall be made in a book, which is hereby required to be kept for that purpofeat *	the charge of the faid truftees, as aforefaid ; which entry or me-

*	-	morandum, shall be mzte gratis* '

Annuities XV, And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, charged upon	That





t

17581] Anno tricesimo primo Geor<S 11 II. c. 2 5.	299

That all and every the annuities fo to be purehafed under and thereof* ami hy virtue of this ad, shall be, and are hereby charged upon, and P^* tb* shall be paid and payable from time to time, upon all monies anting by the rents and profits of the (heds, (falls, (lands, and all other buildings and erections, to be fet up in and upon the groynd to be fet out and appointed for the (cite of the faid market, and all other the profits whatfoever, arifing or accruing by or from the Cud market, to the (aid trulfees, and their fuc-ceflors.

XVI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid.

That all the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to be pur- Thegroundi, chafed by virtue and under the authority of this aft, for the	pro-

late of the (aid market as aforefaid, and all (heds, (falls, (lands, fits of theP and other eredtkms to be built or let up thereupon, and the market, veiled rents and profits arifing from the fame, shall be and are hereby *n th* truftee*, veiled in the laid trulfees, and their fucceflors, for ever; and that they shall (land feized thereof in truft, for the several ufes, herein decla-intents, and purpofes, herein after mentioned and declared, con- red. ceraing the fame; that is to fay, The faid trulfees, and their fucceflors, or any five or more of them, (hall, out of the flrft inonies to be borrowed or arifing by granting of leafes, or the (ale of annuities, as aforefaid, or by any other ways and means finder the authority of this a£f, pay and difcharge the reafonable expences of obtaining and palling this aft of parliament; and N shall in the next place pay off ana difcharge all debts that lhall be incurred by the purchafe of the ground whereon' the faid market shall or may be erefted, and all fuch charges and expences as shall neceflarily attend the erefting and conftituting the fame; and the rents, produce, and profits, arifing thereby,

(hail be applied in paying the annuity or annuities to be granted to fuch purchafer or purchafers, as aforefaid, fo long as any of them shall live; and all fuch favings as shall from time to time be made by the death of any (uch annuitants, (hall, after the difcharge of all debts accrued for effeffing the purposes of this aff, be appropriated in manner herein after mentioned.

XVII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Tods to be That there shall be paid to the faid trulfees, or fuch other per- paid for corn ' fon or persons as the faid trulfees, or any five or more of them,

(ball, from time to time, appoint to receive the fame, the following Aims, by all and every person and persons felling any fort of com or grain, feed, malt, meal, or (four, in the faid market $ that is to fay,

One penny for every fack of com, grain, malt, meal, or The toll* j flour; and.

One half-penny for every bufhel of feed.

Which faid several fums (hall, and they are hereby declared to they are veiled be veiled in the faid trulfees, and their fucceflors and the fame, f"r,^e,rUlft*e* and every part thereof, (hail be paid, applied, and difpofed of,	*

and afligned to and for the several ufes, intents, and purpofes, aft {

and

 LnOOQle

joo	Anno tKcefimo prime GtMtoii II.

and in fuch manner, as by this ad is dlreded; and it fhall^rid may be lawful to and for the faid truftees, or any five1 Of liiort of them, ov fuch person or persons as they, or any fiveoffmOre of them, under' their hands and feals, fhall, at a gerleral'tneet-ing, nominate and appoint, to demand and take the fumShere^ and may be by granted and made payable; and to levy thefome upon any levied by dif- person or persons, who lhall, after demand thereof made, ne-trefs and ikk. g|c& ^ rcfufe to pay fuch fums, as aforefehh by diftrefstrf’ arty goods or chattels belonging to the person or persons who by this ad are made liable to the payment of the fame, arid to keep fuch goods and chattels fo diftrained, until foch fums, with the reafonable charges of fuch dtftrefs, shall * be'paid ; and fuch per-Ion or persons fo diftrairiing, after the fpace of three days after fuch diftrefc made and taken, shall and may fell the goods or chattels fo diftrained, returning the overplus (if any be)* upon demand, to the owner thereof, after fuch fums, and the reafonable charges for diftrairiing, keeping, and felling the lame, shall . . be deduded and paid.

Truftees to XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afotefaid, inake regula- That the faid truftees, pr any nine or more of them, shall and government	at	or any ^cc^ing general meeting, by writing

of the market* wiser their hands and feafc, make rules and regulations for the and appoint * government of the faid market; and shall and may chufe arid collectors, appoint one or more fit person or persons to be collector or col-atS other*of- ^e<^ors of the fQms aforefaid, and shall alfo appojnt one of tno're ficeh, * trerfurer or treafurers, and all other necessary officers as to thent shall appear proper, for the better execution of the powers cbiW twined'if* this ad, allowing to fuch person or persons fo by them with falaries, appointed* fuch falaries or other rewards for their trouble,1 artrif &c.	the faid truftees, or any nine or more of them, shall appear jtrlf

and reafonable ; and the (aid truftees, or any nine or more of them, fhaH and they are hereby impowered, to remote bt^difV ptace; foch treasurer or treafurers, coliedor or collectors, 6t other * person or persons whatfoever, fo by them from time to timb ssp-Collectors and pointed, and to place others in their dead; and the person or treasurer*)to persons fo appointed to colled and receive the faid fmri Or fums, a^couiH^otbc arMj ajf0 foch treasurer or treafurers fo appointed as aforefaid, rnonthlyw er, (halh before the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, up-pftener. If re- on the firft Monday in every month, or oftener, if thereunto required; quired by the faid truftees as aforefaid, give in a truq, e*ad;and perfed account irt writing, under their refpedive hands, of alf the monies which he or they, and every or any of them, (half tQ •	' fuch time have received, paid, and dilburfed, by virtue of thi*

ad, by reafon of their refpedivp offices, and produce vouchees for the fame, and shall pay over the balance to fuch person ori persons as the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, shall at fuch meeting dired; and in cafe fuch treasurer or treafurers, colledor or colTeddrs, shall refufe to give in fuch account, or to under pairi of ‘pay fuch balance-as aforefaid, as often as required by the faridh pmaptifa^iir, truftees, or any five or more of them, at a general meeting, fuch person or persons fo refufing lhall be committed to tfcfe common *	*	v	gaol

v Anno trfcefcrno primo Georgii II. c. 25.	301

gaolof the faid cky and, liberty of Wtfitninfier^ by warrant under

the hai>d and feal of arw pne of his Majesty’s juftfoca of the peace

for the faid city and liqerty, upon application made to him by

any two of the faid truftees, there to, remain without bail pr

raaipprjze, until he or they shall make.or render in, a true* ex-

ad, and perfed accqunt, of their , receipts and difburfcments,

bv virtue of this ad, and shall have produced and delivered up

all vouchee relating thereto, and shall have like wife.paid over tin pay men tor

the money due on fuch account, to fuch person or persons as compofition

the faid truftees, or any five or mote of them, shall dired and he made.

appoint to Receive the fame, or shall have made fuch pompoft-

tion as the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, shall ap-

prove; which compofition the faid truftees* or any five or more

of them, are hereby impowered to make and accept.

XIX.	And he it further enadqd by the authority aforefaid, Treafurer to That the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, are hereby give fecurity. authorized and required, to take fuch fecurity from the treasurer or treafurers to be appointed for the purposes of this ad, for the due execution of his and their faid office and offices, as to the (aid truftees, or any five or more of them, shall feem meet.

. XX. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Truftees to That the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, shall yearly renderan ac-and eVery year, within fix weeks next after the twenty fifth day count annual-pf December, make and deliver in to the juftices of the peace for ^ of [‘heirre-

!fie faid city and liberty of Wcjlminfier* at the general quarter ceipts and dif-eifions, or any adjournment thereof aflembled, a juft, true, and burfements. perfed account in writing, fairly entered in a book or books to be kept for that purpofe, and figned by the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, of all and every fum and Turns of money, which they shall know to have been received or dilburfed un-4er the authority of this a#, during the preceding year, with the balance (if any) remaining in the hands of the faid truftees * and Account to be fuch accounts shall be kept by the clerk of the faid (eifions a-, kept amongit mong the records thereof, to be infpeded by any person or per- words of fons defiring the fame, upon payment of one (hilling to the faid thc ons 8 clerk; and if any furpluS of the faid fum$, shall remain in the and the fur. ' hands qf the faid truftees, the fame is hereby appropriated to, pl*» moniea and shall be^applied, yearly and every year, by, them, within^werffirlbc twelve months next after the deliveriog of fuch accounts to the ofn,e Caid juftices as aforefaid, to the treasurer for the time .being of Weltmiriiter IVcftminfier Infirmary* for the benefit of the faid charity.	Infirmary.

XXIr Ana be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid,. corn> £C# That it shall and may be lawful to and for any corn chandler, bought by the or other person or persons whatfoever, who shall buy any com corn chand. or grain, feed, malt, meal, or flour, in the faid market, to fell the fame again in any other place or places within,the faid city,^ (bid again or liberty of JVcJlminJler, or ellewbere, without any Jet or diUby them in turbance frorp any person or persons whatfoever tor fo doing; *ny other any lawi or ftatute to the contrary thereof in any wife not with-landing.	►	rr	*:'•>	*	.	liberty.' 4

XXII* 4*d whereas by an at? paffid in the twenty fewdJWfl </Tciaufe in att

^iiiapco.a.

302	Anno tricesimo primo Gboroii iL c*'%[175ft.

Ms Mayefifs reign t intituled, Atvad for making * free market for the Tale of filh, in the city of Wejlmtnfter $ and for preventing the foreftallmg and monopolizing of filh, and for allowing the toe of filh under the dimenfions mentioned in a daufe contained m an ad of the firft year of his late Maiefty’s reign, in cafe the lame are taken with a hook, the cemmimeners for building a bridge crofs the river Thames, from the New Palace Yard, in the city ef Weftminfter, to the oppofite /here in the cmnty of Surry, were im+ powered to make a grant to the truftees appointed by the faid aft of the twenty second year of hit Majeflfs reign, of a piece of ground near Common Row, in the faid city	Weftminfter, which was

conveniently fituated for holding the faid intended market, which grant has been Jince made for the purposes of the faid aft: and whereas the faid piece of ground may be found convenient for holding the faid com If the feiteof market, in common with the faid fijh market \ be it therefore enad-the fifli mar- ed by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe the truftees herein ket shall be before appointed by this ad, or any nine or more of them, shall convenient for gn(] the faid piece of ground to be proper and convenient for corn nfarket holding the faid market for the fale of com and grain, that then in common it shall and may be lawful to and for the trnftees, appointed to with it, put the faid ad of the twenty second year of his Majesty’s reign th* trU'*ted* *n cxccution, °r any five or more of them, to contrad and a-anVthis aft,’ SrCc w,th the truftees for putting this ad in execution, to per-areimpowered mit and fuffer the faid piece of ground to be ufed as a free and to agree to open market for all forts of corn and grain, feed, malt, meal, permit fuch anj whatfoever, in common with the laid market for the thereof*madC kle &lh > and the (aid truftees appointed by the faid ad of the twenty second year of his present Majesty’s reign, are hereby authorized and impowered, in cafe fuch agreement shall take place, to ufe and apply the faid piece of ground for the holding of a market for all forts of com and grain, feed, malt, meal, and flour, in common with the faid market for the fale of filh; anything in the faid ad of the twenty second year erf his present Majesty, or any other ad contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

If fuch agree- XXIII. Provided always, in cafe fuch agreement shall take mont take	place, that then from and immediately after tne execution there-

place, the	ajj tfoe powers and authorities vefted by this ad in the truf*

jnThe^ruitcrttecs herein named, shall ceafe and determine 5 and that then pamed in this and from thenceforth, the truftees appointed to put in execution att, arc to the faid ad of the twenty second year of his present Majesty, arC l>e> and they are hereby declared to be, truftees for putting ftees namedTn *h*s in execution, and shall be, and are hereby declared to the recited a&j be, inverted with all and every the powers and authorities in this ad contained, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purposes as if they had been originally nominated and appointed as truftees for putting this ad in execution, and the leffeet XXIV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, fn are uTbe That it shall and may be lawfu) to and for the faid truftees ap-impowered by pointed to put the faid ad of the twenty second year of his pre-tfcem, to per- lent Majesty's reign in execution, or any five or more of them, *	in



1758*1 Anno trfcefitno pritao Gborgii II. c.25.	303

ia cafe toh agreement shall take place as aforefaid, to impower mit the hou-the lefibe or Wfeesof the faid premifles for the time being* his, !cs> her, of, their executors, administrators, oraffigns, to; permit or	pur-

(offer any person or persons whatever, to inhabit, dwell in, or p0fe$ 0f buy-occupy, any aefiuage, dwelling* houfe, (hop, or other building mg andfelling whatfoever, which mall be ereded or built, in or upon any part corn* of the (aid premifles, for the cxercifmg or carrying on- therein, any occupation, trade, or bufinefe, which shall relate to thebuying or felling of corn and grain, feed, malt, meal, -and flour; any law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXV.	Provided always, and be it further enalted by the a»- Truftees may thority aforefaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the fufpend the (aid trufteos, or any nine or more of them, if they shall think fit, payment of to Suffer corn and grain,feed, malt, meal, and flour, to be fold for ears • any time not exceeding the fpace of three years from the open- 1 y *9 ing of the faid market, without the payment of any toll; and an(j may ajf0 alfo to reduce or leflen the toll, from time to time, a* to them, reduce the or any pine or more of them, at a publick meeting affembled,

(hall appear reafonable (notice of which'meeting shall be given in the London Gasutti, one week at leaft before fuch meeting) any thine in this alt contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXVI.	Provided always, and be it further enalted and de- Trufteesdifa.

dared. That no person or persons appointed or to be appointed bled from by this alt a truflee or truftecs for putting the fame in execution, holding any shall have or accept of any place of profit, arifing out of or by uJ^r°thisaa reafon of any fums by this alt laid or granted, but fuch person u 1	’

or perfon9 shall be incapable of alting as a truftee or truftees,

from the time of his accepting, and during the enjoyment of fetch place of profit as aforefaid.

XXVII.	And, for continuing a fufficient number of truftecs,

for putting this act in execution 5 be it further enalted by the £ie6Hon of authority aforefaid, That when and as often as any truftee or new truflecs. truftees, shall die, or by writing under his or their hand refufe to alt, it shall and may be lawful for fuch of the faid truftecs as shall furvive or remain, or any nine or more of them, at any general meeting, by any writing or writings under their hands and feals, to elect, nominate, and appoint, one or more fit person or persons, in the room or place of fuch truftee or truftees fo dying or refufing to alt as aforefaid; and fuch person or persons fo elelted, nominated, or appointed, (hafl be joined with fuch furviving or remaining truftees, in the execution of all and every the powers in them repofed by virtue of this alt.

XXVIII.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid, Firft meeting That the firft meeting of the faid truftees, shall be on the firft of the tru-Tuefday inJuly, one thousand feven hundred and fifty eight, atilcc,#

the houfe known by the name of the King's Arms Tavern in New

Palace Tardy within the faid city of Wejlminfler; and they flVaU power 0f *4.

. have power to adjourn their fucceeding meetings, from time to journnfent. time, and to fuch places within the faid city or liberty; as they	^	...

(hall think fit

XXIX.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid, Limitstipn U

That



304	Anno	triceftfno	primo	GeorgIi II. c.26.	[175$.

That if any altion, plaint, fuit, or information, shall be commenced or profecuted againft any person or persons for what he or they shall do in purfuance of execution of this aA, the fame shall be commenced within fix months after the offence committed ; and fitch person or persons fo fued in any court what* General iffue. foever, shall and may plead the general iflue not guilty, and upon any iflue joined, may give this alt and the fpecial matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or profecutor shall becomenon-fuit, or forbear further profecution, or fuffer a difcondnuance; Treble colts, or if a verdilt pafs againft him, the defendant shall recover treble cofts, for which he (hall' have the like remedy, as in any cafe where cofts by the law are given to defendants, publick aft. XXX. And be it further cna&ed by the authority aforefaid, That this alt shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a pute-lick alt, and be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judge?, juftices, and other persons whatfoever, without fpecially pleading the (ame.

CAP. XXVI.

An act to explain* amend, and enforce an aft made in the laft fejfum of parliament, intituled, An alt for the better ordering of the militia forces in the several counties of that part of Great Britain called England.

Preamble.	ERE A S several doubts have arifen, and difficulties have

VV occurred, in carrying into execution an aft pajjed in the laft ftffion of parliament, intituled, An alt for the better ordering of the militia forces in the several counties of that part of Great Britain called England: and whereas it has been found, that fome farther provifions are neceffary, in order to enforce the execution of the faid - e aft ; be it therefore enalted by the King's moft excellent maje-fo^r&ntc* hy and with the advice and confirm of the lords fpiritual tion to lieute- and temporal, and commons, in parliament aflembled, and by nants to exe- the authority of the fame. That in all counties, ridings* or cute the mili- places, wherein nothing has been done towards carrying the faid forming to the a<^ mto exccut*°n, his Majesty’s lieutenant for every fuch county, former aft riding, or place, shall immediately proceed to put in execution where unre- the laid recited alt, and this prefient alt;, and that his Majesty’s pealed by this lieutenants, and all other persons concerned in fuch execution, the new pro- (hall, in all points, conform them dives to the directions of the vifionsof this. k»d former alt fo far only as they are not either amended or rein counties pealed by this present alt; and in all counties, ridings, or places, where they vhere fome progrefs has been made towards the execution of the ceeded°fo^far ^ f°rmcr but not foment to enable them to chufe the as to be able to men by lot out of the lifts already returned, his Majesty’s lieu-chufe by lot tenant of every fuch county, riding, or place, and all other per-out of the lifts foos concerned as aforefaid, shall begin with and proceed in the comities tobe- cxecut,on Qf the faid former alt, and of this present alt, in like gin the whole" manner, to all intents and purpofe$, as if nothing had been execution of hitherto done in fuch county, riding, or place, towards the ex-

tbe two afts ecuiion oi the faid former alt; and that in all counties, ridings, de novo.	J	®



1758-] Anno tricesimo primo Gedroii II. C. iS.	3°5

or places where the mflltia meri have been actually chofen by *n cour!}!el^ lot, or Where they can now be chofen Oat of the lifts already ^n^^ofe ° returned, cither for the whole county, or for any fubdivifion by lot out of thereof, his Majesty’s lieutenant, and all other pferlons concern- the lifts reed in the execution of the faid former adl, and of this present turned, the adt, within fuch county, riding, or place, shall proceed to exe- ^formVraft cute the remaining provifions of the (aid former aft (which have to beexecut-not been yet executed in all or any of the fubdivifions within ed, as amend-fuch county, riding, or place) as the fame are amended, fuppli- Ct* bY tbi<* cd, or enforced, by the provifions of this hdt.

II. And be it enabled, Thaft hisrMajefty’s lieutenant of every Dfreflion to county, riding, or place, (ball, and he is hereby required to ap-	jj,e

point a proper number of comm'fffion bfficers to train and difei- militia* before pline the militia of his refpedttve county, riding,' or place, be- the second fore the times appointed for holding the second meetings of the meeting of the deputy lieutenants and juftices of the peace within theirfcefpec-tive fubdivifions, for chufing by lot the persons to fervt in the thef^fubdivl-militia for fuch county, riding, or place.	fions.

.III. And whereas in the faid recited adf pafled in the laft Repeal.of the . feflron of parliament, there is contained a provifo. That there ^nfer^a16 shall not be more than three commiffion officers (that is to fey) p°efcrjbing one captain, one lieutenant, and one enfign, to eighty private that there ihall men, and foin proportion, as near as may be, to an)T greater he more or lefler number of private men, which has been found incon-venient; be it therefore enadfced and declared, Thurthe faid ^Kn°^nr^0c provifo shall be and is hereby repealed.	in proportion

IV.	And be it enabled. That a peffon feifed or poflfefled, either in law or equity, for hrs own ufe and benefit, in poffeffion of

an estate for a certain term originally granted for twenty one A feafehold years or more, and renewable, of an annual value, over and a- ™|tc bove all rents and charges payable out of or in refpecl of, thefor )Clirs fame, equal to the annuaf value of fuch an estate ns is required renewable^ by the faid recited adt for the qualification of a deputy lieutenant be demand commiffion officer of the militia refpedtively, and fituate as in the faid recited adt required,* shall be, and is hereby deemed ty lieutenants* and declared to be, duly and fufficiently qualified to adt and and officer** ferve under fuch refpedtive commiffion ; any thing in the faid recited adt, or in this adt, contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

V.	AncJ be tt enadted, That in fuch counties where twenty Thatlnthofa ■ deputy lieutenants cannot be found, who are feifed or poflefifed counties

of an estate of the yearly value of thiiee hundred pounds, as is pUtyre|i*ute-* required by the faid recited adt, and this adt, it may and shall nants cannot be lawful for his Majesty’s lieutenant of any fuch county,' toap- be found with point fuch number of persons to be deputy lieutenants as he 3°°1* qualin-(hall think fit, who shall refpedtively be feifed or poffefled of a bcuTenant^ like estate of the yearly value of two hundred pounds, and fituate may appoint-as in the faid recited act is required ^provided that the persons perfons with fo appointed shall not make the whole number of deputy-lieute- zoo,‘ qualify nants for the faid county to exceed the number of twenty; and catlon' every fuch person shall be, and is hereby deemed and declared -Vot. XXII.	X	to

306	Anno	tricefimo	primo	Georgii 1L c.iG. [1758.

to be, duly &nd fufficiently qualified to aft and ferve under fuch Power to cap- refpeftive commiffion; any thing in the faid recited aft, or this win* corpo- a<^» contained to the contrary notwithftanding. rahanddrum. VI. And be it enafted, That the captain of every company mers, and dif- of militia may and shall appoint two perions to be drummers to place them 5 his company, and may and shall appoint corporals out of the approbation* Pr,vatc mcn his company, in the proportion of one corporal oF^he lieute- to twenty men, and may difplace fucn drummers and corporals nants, to ap- refpeftively for mifbehaviour, and appoint others in their room, point ferjeants fr0m time to time, as he shall fee occafion; and may and (haft htia^^tQ11 fPPomt» W1*h *hc approbation of his Majesty’s lieutenant, fer-£lja0p v"can- Jeants out the private men of his company, to fill up fuch vacancies ; and the cies of ferjeants as may happen therein; and every fuch appointment shall be deemed an aftual difcharge of the person fo appointed from ferving in the militia as a private militia man; and that it shall be lawful for the colonel, or, in his abfence, for the commanding officer of any battalion of militia, to difplace, upon the application of the captain, any person fo appointed a fcijcant out of the private militia men.

VII.	Provided always, and be it enafted and declared. That it is and shall be lawful for any deputy lieutenant, or justice of ^ w t	the peace, to aft in the execution of thistfft inanyand everyfub-

iicatenant and divifion within the county, riding, or place, for which he is or justice of the shall be commiflioned \ and that each and every fuch deputy peace majraft lieutenant and justice of the peace, hath, and (nail have, the vUiony fubdl* fame power and authority therein, as is by the faid recited aft,

1	or by this aft, given to any deputy lieutenant or justice of the

peace, within the fubdivifion to which he is or shall be particularly appointed; any thing in the faid recited aft, or in this aft, to the contrary notwithftanding.

A clerk For , VIII. And be it enafted. That his Majesty’s lieutenant for general any COunty, riding, or place, may and shall appoint a clerk for Tppoinfcd°by general meetings within fuch county, riding, or place, and thelieutenant; may difplace fuch clerk, if he shall think fit, and appoint ano-and clerks for ther in his room ; and the deputy lieutenants, at their firft meel-the fubdivifion jng within their refpeftive fubdivifions, or the major part of appointed by them Prefcnt, may and shall appoint a clerk for their fubdivifi-

colonel or commanding officer of the battalion, may, upon complaint to the captain, remove fuch ierjeants.

A deputy

on, and may, at any other meeting within their fubdivifion, difplace fuch clerk, it they, or the major part of them prefent, shall think fit, and appoint another in his room.

IX. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That in every county, riding, or place, in which commiftions for the field officers, and captain of any one battallion of the militia of fuch county, riding, or place, have not already been given and accepted in purfuance of the (aid recited aft, his Majefty's lieu-ycrtife a meet- tenant (hall, within fourteen days after the palling of this aft, or qifahfic^and*af f°°n *ftcr ** may be, by an advertifement inferted in the Lon-willing to aft don GaXitU, and alio in fome one or more of the weekly news as officers in papers (if any fuch there be) publilhed or ufually circulated witb-the militia for m fach county, riding, or place, fummon a meeting of all per-or placet* y ^oflS qualified according to the direftioas of the faid recked aft, *	1	and

the deputy lieutenants.

Where cora-mtflions have not been iffu-ed, or accepted of, the lieu tenant to ad -

 

1758.] Anno tricesimo primo GeorOii II. C.26. m 307

and of this a<5t, to ferve as officers in the militia of fuch county, riding, or place, and willing to accept fuch commiffions, to be holden on fome certain day with one month after the publication of fuch advertifement; and at fome certain place within fuch where they are county, riding, or place; in order that every person fo qualified ^d^name? as aforefaid, and willing to accept any fuch commiflion, may, at and ranl!^^ fuch meeting, deliver his name in writing, or caufe it to be de- are willing t<> livered to his Majefty's faid lieutenant, or in cafe of his abfence, ferve in j to fuch person as shall be authorized by fuch lieutenant to receive the fame, fpecifying alfo the rank in which he is willing to ferve; and that if his Majefty's faid lieutenant shall not be *n^ */at ^uc*1 able to find, within one month after filch meeting, fo many per- |*n°r fons qualified and willing to accept the commiffions of field offi- month after, cers and captains refpedtively, as shall b^ equal to the number a fufficient of field officers and captains requifite for any one battalion of the nu|»bef of militia of fuch county, riding, or place, then, and in (bch cafe,	ibaU

it shall be lawful for his Majesty’s faid lieutenant, upon notice not lie found thereof publifhed by him in the London Gazette, and fuch other tfc accept papers as aforefaid, to fufpend all farther proceedings in the ex- commifBpns, ecution of the provifions of the faid recited a<ft, and of this a<Jl, [8f by^emi?-within fuch county, riding, or place, until the following year; lick notice, to and that whenfoever and as often as fuch execution shall have fufpend all been fo fufpended, his Maiefty’s faid lieutenant (Kall/ori or bc-^Bf*er fore the twenty fifth day of March next following, fuSirhon, In ^March fol-like manner, and with like notice, a meeting withYn fuch coun- lowing, when ty, riding, or place, of all persons fo qualified and willing to like fumraons ierve as aforefaid; and his Majefty*s faid lieutenant, and all other and notice is persons, shall proceed thereupon, and alfo in the farther exccu- SdtSwSvU tion of the provifions of the faic} recited a<ft, and of this aft, in font in the like manner, to all intents and purpofes, as he and they refpec- former and tively ought to have done, in cafe a fufficient number of perfons	***» ***

fo qualified and willing to ferve as aforefaid, had been found in	into fSu*

the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty eight.	execution.

X.	Provided always, That no commiflion shall be granted to The names of * any person to be an officer of the militia of any county, riding, persons Sn-

or place, until the lieutenant of fuch county, riding, or place, tended for of-fhall have certified the name of fuch person to his Majesty, his ^cr*a"t0^e heirs,' or fucceflors (which fuch lieutenant is required to do) Majeftv, be- * and in cafe his Majesty, his heirs, or fucceflors, fhall, within one fort* commifli-month after fuch certificate laid before his Majesty, his heirs, or onsbegram-fucceflors, fignify his or their difapprobation of fuch person to 5^ them i and be fuch officer in the faid militia, his Majefty*s faid lieutenant wfthiiFa shall not grant fuch commiffion to fuch perfon. .................month, his

XI.	And be it enabled. That the method for carrying into difapprobati-

execution the faid recited a<ft, and this afKto be bfcferved in the on ot any fuch, year one thousand feven hundred and fifty eight, %a!l be'as M- h°to^grant™ loweth; that is to fay, His Majesty’s lieutenant fiSr each /county, ed to fuch pending, or place, together with any two or morddcpGtVt^^^^	fon./

and on the death or removal, 6r in the abfence ontt^jl&jefty’s lieutenant, the deputy lieutenants, or any three or	Of them,'-cWrwifc th*

lhall meet at fome city or principal town*<,f the county, tiding, or former and

X 2	place,	this into

prtfenitxcctK

 

308	Anno	tricefimo	primo Georgii IL g. 26.	[1758.

tion. viz. a ge- place, for which they shall be commiffioned, on the third TuefdtiJ to be tadof*8 m	an<* at t^ie,r general meeting, appoint iub-

thelieutenants divifions of the deputy lieutenants within their refpedive coun-and deputy ties, ridings, and places, and the times and places for their firft lieutenants in meetings within the faid fubdivifions refpedively, and the time countiesPC&cVC am* P*ace for a second general meeting ; and shall iflue out their inUAuguft, for °rders to the chief conftable, and where there is no chief confta-appointing the ble, to fome other officer of the several hundreds, rapes, laths, fubdivifions of wapentakes, or other divifions, within their refpeftive counties, lieutenants ridings, places, to require, by orders under their hands, the slnd	conftable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer, of each

meetings parifh, tything, or place, within their refpe&ive hundreds, rapes, therein, and laths, wapentakes, or other divifions, to return to the deputy aUotbe second lieutenants within their refpe&ive fubdivifions, at the place and fne.Cra mCCt on *he day appointed at the faid firft general meeting, fair and Orders to be true lifts in writing, of all the men ufually and at that time then, iflued to dwelling within their refpe&ive parilhes, tythings, and places; the conftables, between the ages of eighteen and fifty years, diftinguilhing their day apUpointeda rcfpecfive ranks and occupations, and which of the perlons fo to the deputy * returned, labour under any infirmities incapacitating them from lieutenants, ferving as militia men, having firft affixed a true copy of fuch Lifts of the in- jjft 0n the door of the church or chapel belonging to fuch parifti, tweerT18*and typing* or place > al)d if any place, being cxtraparochial, shall soyearsofage, have no church or chapel belonging thereto, on the door of the dminguifhing church or chapel of fome pari(h or place thereto adjoining on the each perfon. Sunday morning before they shall make fuch return; and on hftPto be affix- ^lc anc* at the place, (o refpeftively appointed as aforefaid, ed on the door for the returns of the lifts, the faid deputy lieutenants, or any ©f the church three or more of them, or any two deputy lieutenants, together wthC Sunday with any one justice of the peacfc, or any one deputy lieutenant, turnTs made6 together with any two juftices of the peace, fo aflembled in their Deputy heme- fubdivifions, shall (after hearing any person who shall think nants, affifted himfelf aggrieved by having his name inferted in fuch lifts, ot by the iuftice, by any others being omitted) dired fuch lifts to be amended, as ?he^returns°* ca^e ^a^ rccluire> and a^° t^e names of all persons by this after hearing a<^ refpe&ively excepted, to be ftruck out of the faid lifts, and particular shall appoint the times and places for their second meetings grievances, are within their refpedive fubdivifions, and shall return to the second lifts^and then Senera* meeting all the lifts for the several parifhes, tythings, and appoint1 a re1-*” places, fo amended j at which faid second general meeting, his cond meeting Majesty’s lieutenant, together with any two or more deputy The lifts fo a- lieutenants, or, in the abfcence of his Majesty’s faid lieutenant, returned to^he any or m°re deputy lieutenants, shall order copies to be nex^ generalC made of all the faid lifts, and fuch copies to be returned to the meeting} deputy lieutenants at their second meetings within their fubdk when orders vifions, wherein the pari(hes, tythings, and places, for which fbr co ^es*of n lifts are made and returned, are refpe&ively fituafe ; and the ftddHifts to shall appoint what number of men in each refpedlive hundred, be made out, rape, lath, wapentake, or other divifion, shall ferve in the faid and returned militia, towards railing the number of militia men, by the (aid

to.the deputy r€C;tej a& ordered and directed to be raifed for fuch refpcdUve lieutenants	....	-

at their fecond	-A	COUnty,

ipec tings in '	*	^

 L,ooQle

*75®*3 Anno tricesimo primo GEorgii II. c. i6.

county, riding, or place, in proportion to the whole number their fubdivi-contained in fuch lifts; and the faid deputy lieutenants, or.any	nurn-

three or more of them, or any two deputy lieutenants, together ber Qf men with any one justice of the peace, or any one deputy lieutenant, each hundred, together with any two juftices of the peace, aflembled at their ^ w to fur. faid second meetings within the faid fubdivifions, shall caufe theaftertained -C number of men appointed at the faid second general meeting to at fajd fe-ferve for each refpedtive hundred, rape, lath, wapentake, or other cond meetings divifion, to be chofen by lot out of the lifts of the several pariflies, fucl> number ^ tythings, and places, within the fame; and the faid deputyj* t°0j lieutenants, or any one or more of them, shall appoint another t£e \\nu meeting to be held within three weeks in the fame fubdivifion, A meeting is and (hail iffue out an order to the chief conftable,or other officers then to be ap£ of the refpetfive hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divifions, to direct the conftable, tythingman, lieadborough, other officer of each parifh, tything, or place, to give notice toand orders if-cverv man fo chofen to ferve in the miltfia, to appear at fuch fued forfiim-" meeting; which notice shall be given or left at his place of abode,	to

at lead feven days before fuch meeting; and every person fo^pear there-chofen by lot, (hall, upon fuch notice, appear at fuch meeting,at 5 and there take the oath by this adt directed to be taken (which the men to ap» oath any one deputy lieutenant is hereby authorized then and Pcaf there to adminifter) and shall be inrolled to ferve in the militia of fuch refpedtive county, riding, or place, as a private militia rolled, to ferve man, for the fpace of three years, in a roll to be then and therefor 3 years; prepared for that purpofe, or shall provide a fit person (to be^p^^g • approved by the faid deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of proper fubfti* them, or by any two deputy lieutenants, together with any onetutes; justice of the peace, or by any one deputy lieutenant, together with any two juftices of the peace then met) to ferve as his fpb-ftitute; which fubftitute fo provided, shall take the faid oath, and whoare to bt fign on the faid roll his confent to ferve as his fubftitute, during fworn,and figu the faid term ; and if any person fo chofen by lot to ferve in the on the roll militia (not being one of the people called Quakers) shall refufe thfiry®?^cnu or negledt to take the faid oath, and ferve in the militia, or>toj^rm;1 ° provide a fubftitute to be approved as aforefaid, who shall take on penalty of ‘ the faid oath, and fign his confent to ferve as his fubftitute, every 10L and being fuch person fo refufing or negledling, shall forfeit and pay the ,iab*c t0 Jrv? fum of ten pounds, and at the end of three years be appointed	°*

ferve again.

XII.	Provided always. That no peer of this realm, nor any specification person who shall ferve as a commiffion officer in any regiment, orperfons extroop, or company, in his Majesty’s other forces, or in any one empted from of his Majesty’s caftlcs or forts, nor any noncommiffion officer in tho or private man, ferving in any of his Majesty’s other forces, nor mmua* any commiffion officer ferving in the militia, nor any person being a member of either of the univerfities, nor any clergyman, nor any teacher of any feparate congregation, nor any constable or other peace officer, nor any articled clerk, apprentice, feaman, or feafaring man, shall ferve perfonally, or provide a fubftitute IQ ferve in the militia,

X 3	XIII.	AH

r

,3»o	Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. C*75*.

Perfons that XIII. And whereas the members of the company of watermen of w7tcrrLn'ttbe riVer Thames, are liable at all times under certain penalties to company not ferv* in the royal now of GreatBritain, when fummoned for that liable to ferve. purpofe; be it therefore enafted, That no perkm free of the faid - company, shall ferve perfonally, or provide a fubftitute to ferve **	'	in the militia.

Depufydfeute- XIV. And be it enafted, That all deputy lieutenants and npa	officers shall be liable to ferve in the militia, and the

be1returned	conftable, tythingman, headborough, or other officers of every

the lifts, and parifh, tytlnng, or place, is and are hereby required to infert the liable to ferve/names of fuch deputy lieutenants and pari(h officers, in the lift * ' to be returned to the lieutenants and deputy lieutenants of persons liable to ferve in the militia, for fuch parifh, tything, or place, according to the directions of the faid recited aft, and this aft; any thing therein or herein contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

iJeputy fieute- XV, And be it enafted, That the deputy lieutenants and nants are an- juftjces 0f the peace, shall every year, within fourteen days after mit to^be " tbeir refpeftive meetings in their fubdivifions for adminiftering lieutenant true the oaths to, and inrolling, the private militia men, tranfmit to comet of the his Majesty’s lieutenant true copies of the rolls for their refpeftive a* thfb fubdivifions: and that a general meeting of his Maiefty’s lieu* div?fion«* and tenant» and the deputy lieutenants, or of the deputy lieutenants, a^eneralmeet-for the forming and ordering the militia of the refpeftive coun-ing for form* ties, ridings, and places, into regiments, and for the porting mg and order- 0fficcrs to each company, shall be held within three weeks after tia*. ^be Veld *be k»d r°bs AwU have been tranfmitted to his Majesty’s lieute-within 3 weeks nant as aforefaid; any thing in the faid recited aft, or this aft, after.	to the contrary notwitnftanding.

The lifts of XVI. And be it enafted, That it shall be lawful for any three twoor more or more deputy lieutenants, or any two deputy lieutenants, to-be united1^and gether with any one justice of the peace, or any one deputy proceeded on,lieutenant, together with any two juftices of the peace, within as if they had their refpeftive fubdivifions, to add together, whensoever they been returned think neceflary, the lifts for two or more parifhes, tythings, tor one panm. Qr p]aces^ an(i proceed upon fuch lifts thus added together, in like manner as if they had been originally returned for one pa-ri(h, tything, or place, fo as to make the choice of militia men by lot, within fuch fubdivifion, as equal and impartial as poflible. Pari(hes may XVII. Provided always, and be it enafted. That if the church-ojfer, andde- wardens or overfeers, or churchwarden or overfeer, of any parifh, yiants accept Jibing, or place, or of two or more parifhes, tythings, or places, *oluhteers-s ifo added* together, as aforefaid, shall provide and produce to the in which cafe,/aid deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them, or to any enr^Oiall1 tw0 dcPuty lieutenants, together with any one justice of the then-ti want- P**ce> °r to any one deputy lieutenant, together with any two ing of the juftices of th6 peade, at their meetings within their refpeftive quota of fuch fubdivifions for chufing the militia men any number of volun-ErcUfen X teer$> not being feamen or feafaring men; and fuch volunteers lo\ of°thc lifts. *bali be approved by the faid deputy lieutenants and juftices fo met as aforefaid, the faid deputy lieutenants and juftices within their refpeftive fubdivifions, shall caufc only fuch a number of f ‘	n	i	^

 VjOCK^IC

iy58.]	Anno tricesimo priaio Gborgii II. c. 26.	311

perfons to be chofen by lot out of the lift returned for fucji parifh, tything, or place, or parifhes, tythings, or placet as aforefaid, as mall be wanted, after the acceptance of the faid volunteers, to make up the whole number to fervefor fuch parifh, tything, or place, or parifhes, tythings, or places as aforefaid; and in cafe If Aidrvojun-all or any fuch volunteers shall not, at the next meeting of thetcerf	”ot

faid deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them, or of any two deputy lieutenants, together with any one jufticeof the peace, anci fcrvsi ' or of any one deputy lieutenant, together with any two juftices of the peace, appear, and be fworn and inrolled to ferve in the militia for fuch parifh, tything, or place, or parifhes, tythings, or places as aforefaid,the churchwardens and overfeers,or church- .	.

warden and overfeer,of fuch parifh, tything, orplace, or parifhes, tythings, or places as aforefaid, shall find one or more fit person to find other or persons in the room of fuch volunteer or volunteers, or forfeit persons to and pay the sum of ten pounds for every volunteer not appearing in ***** as aforefaid; fuch penalty to be recovered and applied in the ^forfeit ioL fame manner as the penalty of ten pounds laid upon any person a nian. for refufing or neglefting to appear, and be fworn and inrolled Application oif to ferve in the militia, is, by the faid recited aft, and this aft, *he p direfted to be recovered and applied 5 and the faid churchwarden eiwtobTr^ and overfeer, and churchwardens and overfeers, shall be reim- imburfed the burfed the faid penalty out of the rates to be made for the relief fame out of of the poor within fuch parifh, tything, or place, or parilhes, lhe poors tythings, or places as aforefaid,	ratc*

XVIII.	And be it enafted. That every person who shall be The followup chofcn by lot to ferve in th*e militia, or the person provided to oath to be ta-ferve as a fubftitute, inftead of taking the oaths, and making, Vheoihsand repeating, and fubferibing the declaration, in the faid recited aft declaration mentioned, fhall, at the time and place appointed by the faid appointed to recited aft for taking the faid oaths, and making, repeating, and be madeand fubferibing the faid declaration, take the oath following; that is Reformer A to fay,	***

I A. B. dq fincerely promife and fwear% That 1 will be faithful, and The oath | bear true allegiance/[to his majefly King George, his heirs, and fucceffcrs; and I do /wear, that lam a protejlant, and that I will faithfully ferve in the militia within the kingdom of Great Britain, for the defence of the fame, during the time for which I am inrolled, unlefs I Jball be fooner difebarged.

Which oath any one deputy lieutenant is hereby authorized to t0 ^ adminifter : and in cafe any fuch person shall refofe or negleft ltered by the to take the faid laft mentioned oath, he shall be fubjeft and lit- deputy lieute-ble to the fame penalties as are inflifted in and by the faid recited ”ant- f pft, for refufing to take the oaths, and to make, repeat, and fubferibe the declaration therein mentioned; to be recovered the ume. and applied in the fame manner as the faid penalties are therein direfted to be recovered and applied.

XIX,	And be it enafted. That it may and shall be lawful fgr the faid deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them,

£ 4



312	.&nnofricefimo primo Georgii II. C. 26. ' £1758.

Difcbarges or any two deputy lieutenants, together with any one justice of may be grant (l]ie pCace$ or anyone deputy lieutenant, together with any two ci^ftllecTup" juftices of the peace, at any of their meetings within their refpec-at any meeting tive fubdivifions, as well as at their annual meetings in the week of the deputy before Michaelmas day, to difeharge persons from ferving in the lieutenants in militia, and alfo to till up all vacancies, according to the direc-tions. bdm~ l‘or*s	k*d recited , and this a

A vacancy XX. Provided always, Thajt when any fubftitute (hall, after upon the death having been approved of by any three deputy lieutenants, or by of a fubftitute jmy two deputy lieutenants, together with any one justice of the hitoThe^lne^PeaCje> or &Y anY onc deputy lieutenant, together with any two fei vjee or juftices of the peace, and before the expiration of the term for upon his pro- which he was to ferve, die, or enter into any of his Majesty’s motion in the Jand or fea forCes, or be appointed a ferjeant in the militia, or be mi his d?f-UP difeharged for any other juft caufe, the person for whom he charge for ferved as fubftitute shall not be obliged to ferve himfelf, or to iuft caufe; to find another fubftitute; but fuch vacancy shall be filled up in like be filled up by manner as is directed by the faid recited a<5f, and by this a&, in }ot*	cafe of vacancies occafioned by the death or difeharge of perfons

ferving for themfelves.

XXL And whereas it is found by the returns of the numbers of persons contained in the lifts for the parijhes, tythings^ and places, within the several countieridings, and places, in that part of Great Britain called England, out of which lifts the private militia men are by the faid recited aft pajfed in the laft fejfton of parliament direfted to bt raifed, that the numbers of private militia men fo direfted to be raifei in the faid several counties, ridings, and places, do not bear fo 1	juf a proportion to each other, in making up the whole number of pri-

vate militia men> by the faid aft direfted to be rat fed, within that part T e privy of Great Britain aforefaid, as in justice they ought; be it enabled, council upon That after all the faid lifts shall have been returned to, and receiving the amended by, the refpedive deputy lieutenants and juftices of fconedted lifts tfoe peace> ancj tranfmitted to his Majesty’s privy council, as fraintinittccl'to *^7 are by kid recited a&, and by this ad, directed to be, thqn, are to it shall be lawful for the faid council, and they are hereby fettle the quo-required to fix and fettle, as near as may be, the number taof men to pf private militia men, who shall for the future ferve for each cmmry^aV- ,countY> riding, or place, within the part of Great Britain afore-cording to the faid, by the proportion which the number returned in all the proportion the lifts for the parifhes, tythings, and places therein, bears to the returns for whole number of private militia nrten by the faid recited adi-bfcar XT/	to be raifed, within the part of Great Britain aforefaid;

whole number S*nd forthwith to tranfmit accounts of the numbers fo fixed and to be raifed fettled to all his Majesty’s lieutenants of counties, ridings, and throughout places, within the part of Great Britain aforefaid refpe&ively: ind are^forrh- arw* >v^ere thenumber of private militia men fo fixed and fettled with 10 tranf- as aforefeitj, shall be refpedively greater than the number of pri-mit accounts vate militia men who shall have been, by virtue of the faid recited of the numbers act, appointed to ferve for any county, riding, or place, then, theVe^cd^ve and *n	h's	Majcfty’s	lientenants,	together	with	any

lieutenants; two or more deputy Jieutenants, or, in theabfence of his Majcr and if the	fly's



*75&] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii IL c. 26.	313

% fty’s lieutenant, any three or more deputy lieutenants, (hall, at number shall a general meeting to be held for that purpofe, appoint what num- greater ber of private militia men shall ferve for each refpeftive hundred, qutred^the rape, lath, wapentake, or other divifion, within the county, former aft, riding, or place, to which they belong; and the additional num- a general ber of private militia men to make up the whole number fo	1S	to

fixed and fettled as aforefaid, shall be chofen by lot, in the fame and theaddi-rnanner as all other private militia men are by this aft directed to tional men are be chofen; and all the additional men fo chofen, or their fubfti- tobethen cho-tutes (to be appointed as fubftitutes are required to be by this^cnby l°li aft) shall take the oath by this aft required to be taken, and shall refpeftively be inrollea, or fign their confent to ferve in the militia in the fame manner as is direfted, and shall be fubjeft, in cafe of refufal, to the fame penalties as are in like cafe9 infltfteil by this aft: and where the number of private militia men fo an<j if lefs, a fixed and fettled as aforefaid, shall be refpeftively lefs than the proportional number of private militia men who shall have been, by virtue of	is

the faid recited aft, appointed to ferve for any county, riding, or j* ^(charged place, then, and in fuch cafe, his Majesty’s lieutenant, together y with any two or more deputy lieutenants, or, in the abfence of his faid Majesty’s lieutenant, any three or more deputy lieutenants, shall at a general meeting to be held for that purpofe, difeharge by lot proportionably out of each refpeftive hundred, rape, lath, wapentake, or other divifion, fo many private militia * men as shall exceed the number fo fixed and fettled as aforefaid,

' XXII. And be it enafted, That in cafe it shall at any time Where the appear to his Majesty’s lieutenant, and any two or more deputy nu.^bc.r t0 k* ♦lieutenants, or on the death or removal, or in the abfence coirntyVaff his Majesty’s lieutenant, to any three or more deputy lieutenants unequally of any County, riding, or place, at their general meeting, that or erroneouily the diftribution by them made of the whole number of militia apportioneda-men charged upon fuch county, riding, or place, among the ™u°mfreds or several hundreds, rapes, lathes, wapentakes, or other divisions, divifons was either unequally and erroneoufly made, or, from any fubfe-thereof; the quent alteration of circumftances, is become unequal and dif- lieutenant and proportionable, it shall be lawful for his Majesty’s faid lieute-b^"to nant, and any two or more deputv lieutenants, or on the death make a new or removal, or in the abfence of his Majesty’s lieutenant, for and more any three or more deputy lieutenants, to make a new and more c9u.aI equal diftribution of fuch number as aforefaid, among the faidbutlon» several hundreds, rapes, lathes, wapentakes, or other divifions, according to the method preferibed by this aft for making the original diftrilpution for the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty eight; and to caufe fuch additional number of men to be and raife, and chofen by lot, or fuch number to be difeharged out of thofe be- dilchargc men fore chofen, for each refpeftive hundred, rape, lathe, wapen-take, or other divifion, as shall become necefiary in cohfeqtience1 of fuch new diftribution, in like manner as is by this aft preferibed to be done, where the fame shall become neceflary in Confequence of the accounts tranfmitted from his Majesty’s privy council.

XXIII.	And

Digitized By 

Militia men exempted from ftatute-work; and from fervins

Jcrvjce; and fnbftitutes, having been in actual fer-vice, are equally

314	Anno	triccfimo	primo	Georqii	II.	c.	16.	[1758*

Perfonstam- XXIII. And be it enaded, That any person who fhalJ, by pcring with gratuity, gift, or reward, or by promife thereof, or of any in-tomake falfe* damnification, or by menaces* endeavour to prevail on any chief returns, or to conftable, or any conftable, ty thing man, headborough, or other crafe the name officer, of any parilh, ty thing, or place, to Aiake a falfe return of any person 0f an« Jjft for any parifh, tything, or place, or to erafe or leave forfeit 501 S* out °* any	nainc	of	any	fuch	perfon	as. ought to

5 * be returned, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at IVeJlminJler, wherein no effoin, wager of law, or protedion, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed ; all which penalty shall go to the ufe of the person who shall fue for the fame.

XXIV.	Provided always, and be it enabled. That no private man ferving in the militia, either for himfelf, or as a fubftitutc, (hall, during the time of fuch fervice, be liable to do any high-g way duty commonly called Statute-work: or be appointed to any parilh of- ferve as a peace officer or parish officer; nor shall fuch private fice; andfrom	man be liable to ferve in any of his Majesty’s land or fea

intofheKing’g f°rces> unlefs he shall confent. thereto; and that every person having ferved as a fubftitute in die militia, when ordered out into adual fervice, and being a married man, shall have the like privilege in refped to fetting up and exercifing any trade, as by the laid recited ad is given to thofe who shall have perfonally ferved in the militia in the like circumftanqes. imitled, with* persons ferving for themfelves, to fet up any trade.

Militia mento XXV. Provided alfo. That every fuch private militia man, retain their who shall have ferved in the militia for the fpace of three years, rt&mntih at shall be intitled to, and shall keep and retain to his own ute, the yearVferrice. c^oat^cs provided for him as private militia man.

Militiaman XXVI. And be it enaded, That in cafe any private man falling Tick on ferving in the faid militia fhall, on the march, or at the place a march, or at where he shall be called out to annual exercife, be difabled by ^ereife^ ®c^nefs» lt ^a^ an<* may lawful for any one justice of the is to be pro-’ peace of the county, or any mayor or chief magiftrate of any vided for by city, town, or place, where fuch man shall then be, to order an order from him fuch relief as he shall think reafonable, by warrant under Juftice o?tC* hand and feal; and the officers of the parifh, tything, qr the place; place, for which fuch man shall ferve as a militia man, shall re-and the ex- imburfe the fame to the officers of the parish where fuch militia pence thereof man shall then receive fuch refief, which shall be allowed in their KHWhy^his accounts> uPon producing the above order: provided that fuel} proper parilh. allowance shall not intitle fuch person to any fettlement in the *	faid parish or place where he shall receive fuch relief.

Every militia XXVII. And be it eluded. That when the militia of any man to receive county, riding, or place, shall be ordered out into adual fer-6ne guinea vice, the receiver or receivers general qf the land tax for fuch county, riding, or place, (hallv^nd he or they is and ate hereby required to pay, or caufe to be paid, to the captain, or other commanding officer of each company of militia fo ordered out for fuch codnty, riding, or pl^ce, one guinea (or each private '	milit/a*

upon being ordered out

}nto adual mice.



1758.I Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. C, 26.	315

militia man belonging to his company, to be paid over by fuch captain, or other officer, to every fuch private militia man, on or before the day appointed for marching; and fuch receiver or receivers general shall be allowed the lame in his or their accounts.

XXVIII.	And be it enaded, That when any militia man Weekly al-; shall be ordered oat into actual fervice, leaving a family not of made*to the ability to fupport themfelves during his abfence, the overfecr or diftrefs’d fa-overfeers of the parish where fuch family shall refidtf, (hall, and miliesof mi-they are hereby required to allow to fuen family fuch weekly al- htia men in lowance for their fupport, until the return of luch militia man, ^SJutobt as shall be ordered by any one justice of the peace; fuch allow- reimburfed ance to be reimburfed out of the county (lock by the treasurer out of the of the county; and fuch treasurer shall be allowed the fame in county flock, his accounts.

XXIX.	And be it enaded, That all fums of money arifing Fines for not

£

puty lieutenants, together witfi any one justice of the peace, or perfon’s room, by any one deputy lieutenant, together with any two juftices of the peace, within their refpedive fubdivifions, in providing a fubftitute for the person who shall have paid fuch penalty; and *° g.® if any part of fuch penalty shall remain after fuch (ubftitute shall be provided, the fame mall be paid into, and be applied as part of, the regimental (lock; any thing in the faid recited a<£l, or this ad, to the contary notwithftanding.

XXX.	And whereas by the faid recited aft paffed in the lafi fejfion of parliament, it is enafled, That the militia of every county, riding, or place, Jball be trained and exercifed in half companies, on the ftrjl Monday in the months of March, April, May, June, July,

Auguft, September, and Odober, and in companies, on the third Monday in the faid months: and whereas the training and exerciftng of the whole militia for any county, ridings or place, in half companies, or companies, in the week, on the fame day, will render it im-pojftble for the adjutant of any regiment or battalion to attend fuch half companies, or companies, fo often as the necejjity of the fervice may

require; be it enaded, That it shall be lawful for his Majefty^s T*1* c,rerclfe lieutenant of any county, riding, or place, together with any com-two or more deputy lieutenants, or, in the abfence erf* the lieu- panies not" tenant, for any three or more deputy lieutenants, to change the confined to day of training and exercifing any half company, or companies Monday, and of militia, from Monday to any other day of the week (Sunday	U,

excepted) as shall appear to them fo be beft for the good of the pbbited as fervice, to that the whole militia for his or their refpedivecoun- shall be found ty, riding, or place, be trained and exercifed in half companies, bed for the within the firft week,’and in whole companies, within the third £™cfhe mCH week; in each of the months aforefaid ; any thing in the faid re- beexercifedia cited ad to the contrary notwithftanding.	halfcompa-	5

nies the fird week, and in whole, the third week. In the months above recited.

XXXI.	And be it enaded, That his Majesty’s lieutenant.

6

together

ed by 



-$1fi

■fhclieute-

Annatriccfimo primo GeorgiiII:	{1758.

ftogcthcr with any two or more deputy lieutenants, or on the death or removal, or in the abfence of his Majesty’s lieutenants, ihe deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them, arehere-two days in a hy impowered todifpenfe with the training and exercifing of the harvcftmonth, militia within their refpeftive counties, ridings, or places, in totheTocf- any one month in the time of harveft, and| to order and direft neldain	^iat ^	foaM be trained and exercifed inftead thereof

- “ y ■	on the Tuefday and tVedhefday Eojier week; anything in the

faid recited aft, or this aft, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXII.	And be it enafted, That it may and shall be law-

ful for the officers of the militia, or, in the abfence of an officer, for a non-commiflion officer, to detain the militia men, on the days of exercife, any time not exceeding fix hours; provided they do not keep them above two hours under arms at any onetime, without allowing them a proper time to refrelh themfelves.	.	• . *

XXXIII.	And be it enafted, That the officers and private men ferving in the militia quartered and billeted according to the directions of the faid recited aft, shall be received and furni(hed with diet and fmall beer by the owners of the inns, alehoufes, viftualling-houfes, and other hQuTes.in which they are allowed to be quartered and billeted, paying and allowing for the fame the several rates herein after mentioned ; that is to fay, For one commiffion officer under the degree of a captain, for diet and fmall beer per diem one (hilling; and for one private man’s diet and fmall beer per diemy four pence.

XXXIV.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That pay, arms, accoutrements, and clothing, may be iflued, and that an adjutant and ferjeants may be appointed, for any regi-

accoutrements 'ment or battalion of militia of any county, riding, or place, ^ C1 uc • wben it shall appear, by a return figned by his Majesty’s lieutenant, or in his abfence by three deputy lieutenants, that three fifths of the militia men of any fuch regiment or battalion have been inrolled; and that three fifths of the commiffion officers have been appointed; and that they have taken out their commiffions, and entered their qualifications; any thing in the faid recited aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

Attendance of XXXV. And be it enafted. That it shall be lawful for the de-conftables en- puty lieutenants, or any three or more of them, or any two deputy forced by like lieutenants, together with any one justice of the peace, or any are inflifted* onc deputy lieutenant, together with any two juftices of the by the recited peace, within their refpeftive fubdivifions, from time to time, to for non- iflue out their order or warrant, under their hands and feals, commanding the attendance of the conftable, tythingman, head-borough, or other officer, of any parifti, tything, or place, within their several fubdivifions, at fuch times and places as in fuch order or warrant shall be exprefled; and fuch conftable, tjthingman, headborough, or other officer, who shall refufe or negleft to appear according to fuch order or warrant, shall fuffer all the like pains and penalties as,are iitfifted by the faid

ft cjtcd

nants may change the exercife from

Eafter week.

The time the militia men may be kept to txercife.

Militia men to' be turnifhed where they are quartered 'at a certain ■ rate, viz.

Subaltern! at

is.

and private men at 4 d. per diem.

When the pay, arms, doaths, and

compliance with orders.

 L,ooQle

2l7

.1758.] Anno tricesimo prftno Georgii II-.' c. 26.

recited ad upon fuch officers, for not complying with any orders given in purfuapce of the faid recited ad.

XXXVI.	And be it enaded, That whenfoever the militia shall Power to the be ordered out into adual fervice, it shall and may be lawful for c£Ptain* .wh«* the captain of any company of militia men to augment his com- caUeTinto ac-pany, by incorporating, with the confent of his Majesty’s lieu- tual fervice, tenant, or, in the abfence of his Majesty’s lieutenant, with the to augment hit confent of two or more of the deputy lieutenants, any number company with of persons who.(ball offer themfelves as volunteers, and who (haJI appear to him to be Efficiently trained and difciplined, and.fcntof the provided with proper cloaths, arms, and accoutrements, and lieutenant, who shall take the oath appointed to be taken by this ad, and fign their confent to fervein the militia for the time of fuch actual fervice, and to fubmit to the fame rules and articles of war as militia menare by the faid recited ad, and this ad, liable to, during the time of their continuing in adual fervice.

. XXXVII. And be it enaded. That it shall be lawful for any a commiffion commiffion officer of the militia, being a justice of the peace, officer being a *nd a&ing as fuch, upon his own view of any offence commit- iuftice of the ted by any non-commiffion officer or private militia man under Spo^hiTown his command, punifhable by the faid recited ad paffed in the view, punifli a laft feflion of parliament, to puni(h fuch non-commiflion officer militia man or private militia man refpedively, in the fame manner as any S^jlty of any* one justice of the peace is impowered to do, upon proof thereof nffhabte^y the made according to the diredions of the faid recited ad.	retited aft.

XXXVIII.	And be it enaded. That any two deputy lieu- Perfons retenants, together with any one-juftice of the peace, or any one quired for the deputy lieutenant, together with any twojuftices of the peace, execution of within the counties of Cumberland, Huntingdon, Monmouth^ Cumberland Weftmorland, and Rutland, and within all the several counties Huntingdon* and places within the faid dominion of Wales refpedively, shall &c.

have and exercife all and every the powers conferred by the faid recited ad, and this ad, on any three deputy lieutenants, or on any two deputy lieutenants, together with any one justice of . the peace, or on any one deputy lieutenant, together with any two juftices of the peace of any county, riding, or place, within that part of Great Britain called England; any thing therein or herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXIX.	And whereas by the faid recited afi paffed in the lajl session of parliament, it is enabled.. That the number of private men

to be raifed for the Tower Divifion in the county of Middlesex, cianfe in the commonly called The Tower Hamlets, /hall be onethoufand one bun- recited ad re. dred and sixty 5 be it enaded. That fo much of the faid ad agfpeding.the . relates to the number of private militia men to be raifed within	*f	ffie

and for the faid divifion or hamlets, or to the levying, training, militia of The and exercifing the militia of the faid divifion or hamlets, or to Tower Ham-the appointment of officers, or levying trophy money, within lct8> repealed, the fame, ihall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

XL. Provided always, and be it enaded, That whereas the Lieutenantof militia of the Tower Divifion in the county of Middlesex, com- the Towerim-jnonly kiws by .the name of, The. Tower Hamlets, is, and always 4 .. . I	has lieutenants.

 

and grant commiflions, and regiment

gu

the mihtia of

318	Anno	tricefimo	primo Georgii II. c. 26.	[1758.

has been, under the command of his Majesty’s constable of th« Tower, or lieutenant of the Tower Hamlets% for the fervice and

............ prefervation	of	that	royal	fort; it shall be lawful for his Ma-

the faid ham- jefty’s faid conftable, or lieutenant for the time being, from lets, as the aft time to time, to appoint his deputy lieutenants, and to give °fdir&a*Car’ comm,®ons t0 a proper number of officers to train and difri-*’	81	pline the militia to be railed within and for the faid divifion or

hamlets, purfuant to an alt of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled. An act for ordering the force* of the several counties of tins kingdom; and to form the fame into two regiments cf eight companies each, in fuch manner as the faid constable or lieutenant hath ufed to do ; and raise tro- an(j aif0 for defraying the neceflary charee of trophies, and other incident expences of the militia of the feme divifion or hamlets, incident y 5 it shall be lawful for his Majesty’s faid constable or lieutenant, charges \	to continue to raise in every year the proportion of a fourth part

of one month’s afleflment of trophy money, within the faid di-vifionor hamlets, in fuch manner as he hath ufed. to do, by virtue and in purfuance of the faid aft of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, and appoint a XLI. And be it further enafted. That his Majesty’s feid con-treafurer of ftable of the Towert or lieutenant of the Tower Hamlets, {hall appoint a treasurer of the faid trophy money, for receiving and paying fuch monies as shall be levied by virtue of the faid aft of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of tne reign of King Charles the Second; which faid treasurer shall yearly account In writing, and upon oath, for the fame, to the faid lieutenant, or his deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them; which oath

........... they shall have power to adminifter; and which accounts for

certifiedto the the feme shall be certified to the juftices of the peace for the faid juftices at their divifion at their next general or quarter feflions; and that the and°no war- conftable, or lieutenant, shall not iffue out warrants for rant to be i(Tu- ra^ng any trophy money, until the juftices of the peace. Or the ed for railing major part of them at fuch feffions, (nail have examined, ftated, trophy monej, and allowed, the accounts of the trophy money raifed, levied, till the pre- ancj collefted, for the preceding year, and certified the fame under the hands and feafs of four or more of fuch juftices, unlefs in cafe where it shall appear to fuch juftices, that by reafon of the death of fuch treafurer, or otherwife, fuch accounts cannot be pafled.

XLII. And whereas from the peculiarity of the jurijdiftion of

the town of Berwick upon Tweed, the faid recited ad! could not be

V C carried into execution in that place without a particular provifion; be

in the recited *tfierc^orc enafted, That all the powers given, and provisions

aft with re- made, by the faid recited aft, and this aft, with refpeft to

fpeft to Com’ the county of Northumberland, and the militia thereof, fhall, in

Northumber- jj^c manner, take place, and be in force, with refpeft to the faid

edto ^rwicktown °f Berwick upon Tweed, except only as to the particulars

upon Tweed; herein expreffed, and otherwife provided for; and that out of

and the nura- the persons returned in the lifts for the faid town, a number of

her of men to privatc militia men shall be chofen by lot to fcrve for the feid be chofen by r	1

the faid monies,

who is to account yearly upon oath. The faid accounts to be

ceding year’s accounts are fettled.

town.

 

Anno tricesimo prlmo GeorGH II, c. 26.	319

town, in the fame proportion with the private militia men lot to ferve tor appointed to ferve for the other refpedtive hundreds, wards, and the faid town, other divifions* within the faid county of Northumberlandj and portion1 totht if persons can be found within the faid town and liberties there- number ap-of, with fuch qualifications as are required for deputy lieutenants appointed for and officers within the cities and towns which are counties of ^hc ®th^hun-themfelves, the chief magiftrate of the faid town of Berwick upon Tweed shall appoint five deputy lieutenants, and fuch num- count/, ber of officers of the militia as shall be proportionable to the Chief magi-aumberof militia, men which the faid town shall raife, as their ftrate to ap.. Quota towards the militia of the county of Northumberland j and f^J,nttc^ant«U^f the faid lieutenants and officers are hereby required to put the f0 many powers conferred by the faid recited adt, and this adt, for railing be found qua-and t/airiing the militia, into execution, within the faid town lifted, and a and liberties, fubjedt to fuch penalties as are inflidted upon de- offiTeroiapro-puty lieutenants and officers of the militia for adting, not being portion to the duly qualitiedLaccording to the directions of the faid recited adt, Quota of the ana ^his.adt; .apd that the faid militia shall annually join the mi- rocn-litia of the county of Northumberland, and be exercifcd together at the generalannual exercife in Whitfun week, and shall then, thC count/ at and alio in time of actual fervice, be deemed the militia of the their general county of Northumberland for the purposes aforefaid.	annual excer-

XLIII. 4nd whereas the feparating the militia of the ijle ^ciaufein the Purbeck from the militia of the county of Dorset, u at- recited aa re-tended with many inconveniences; be it enadted, That the clause in Utive to the the faid recited adt parted in the laft session of parliament rela- militia in the tive to the militia of the ifle of Purbeck aforefaid, be and is hereby repealed; and that all the powers given and provifions |3tbe militia made by any part of the faid recited adt unrepealed, and by thi9 thereof for the adt, with refpedt to the (aid county of Dorset, and the militia future to be thereof, shall take place and be in force with refpedt to the faid fhofcn, *• ifle; and that out of the persons to be returned in the lifts for the with refpea to leveral pariflies, tythings, and places, within the (aid ifle, a the other number of private militia men shall be chofen by lot to ferve for hundreds, &c. the refpedive hundreds, liberties, and other divifions, within the	lU*

laid ifle, in the lame proportion with the private militia men ot uo * appointed to ferve for the other refpedtive hundreds, liberties, and other divifions, within the faid county of Dorset, with the town and county of the town of Poole j and that the number remaining out of the eighty private men, by the'faid clause in the faid recited adt diredted to be raifed for and in the faid ifle, shall be apportioned ?s equally as may be amongft all the hundreds, liberties, and other divifions, within the faid county of Dorset, with the faid town and county of the town of Poole.

XLIV. Provided always. That nothing in this adt contained,	„

(hall in any wife extend to annul, or make void, any tbiqg al-	a?ffliaU

ready done in purfuance of the faid recited adt, within any fuch	void

county, riding, or place, or any fuch fubdivifion, where the mi- what has bem .litia mep have been, or now can be, chofen out of the lifts al- doneinpurfu-. really returned; or to oblige bis Majesty’s lieutenant* or any o-iher pertou concerned in xhf execution of the faid ^recited adt.

and

32©	'Anno	tricefimo	primo	Georgii II. c. 27.	[	1

and of this aft, within fuch county, riding, place, or ftfbdm /ion, to put in execution any of the provifions. contained in thi aft, except only fuch as relate to matters fubfequent, in order c time, to thofe provifions of the faid recited aft, which they havt already put in execution, within fuch county, riding, place, 0! fubdivifion ; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary not-x withftanding.

Limitation of XLV. And be it enafted, That if any aftion or aftions, fui aftions. or fuits, shall be brought or commenced againft any person 01 persons, for any thing done in purfuanceof the faid recited aftj or this aft, fuch aftion or aftions, fuit or fuits, shall be com" menced within fix calendar months after the faft committed, and not afterwards; and shall be laid in the county or place where fuch aftion or aftions, fuit or fuits, did arife, and not felfe-where; and the defendant or defendants in fuch aftion or General ifliie. aftions, fuit or fuits, to be brought, may plead the general Blue, and give this aft, and the fpecial matter, in evidence, and if fuch aftion or aftions, fuit or fuits, shall be brought after the time for bringing the fame; or if the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants in fuch aftion or aftions; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonfuited, or difeontinue his or their action or aftions, fuit or fuits, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared ; or if, upon demurrer, judgement shall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant Treble cofts. or defendants shall have treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have, in other cafes, to recover cofts by law.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it enafted, That this aft shall continue and be in force, for and during the continuance 9 c	of the faid recited aft, and no longer.

CAP. XXVII.

jin aft for repealing an aft made ih the twenty fifth year of bis present Majesty, to refrain the making infuranccs on foreign Jhips bound to or from the Eaft Indies.

lies in a5 Geo. »

Dr ki "1TTHERE AS by an aft made in the twenty fifth year of the dring certain V V reign of bis present Majejl , An adt to reftrain dairies in aft the making infurances on foreign (hips bound to or from the Eaft India ; all and every person or pc*fens, bodies politick or corporate , being fubjefts of his Majesty in Great Britain or Ireland, elfewhere; and all other persons whotfoever reftding within Great Britain or Ireland, are refrained and prohibittd from grantingy figningy or underwriting, any policy or policies of ajfurancey or lending any money on bottomree or refpondentia, of or upon any foreign flnps trading or failing to or from the Eaft Indies, and other places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, within the limits of trade granted to the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, or to or from any ports or places within (he faid limits; be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent erf the lords fpimual and* temporal, and

com-

 CjOOQle

3*i

Preamble.

Importationof faired beef, pork, and but> ter, allowed for 6 months;

without being fubjed to any penalties or forfeitures.

7$ #.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 1$. ommons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the au-hority of the fame, That the faid ad shall from and after the The recited Lfth day of July, one thousand feven hundred and fifty eight, repealed. *e repealed ; any thing to the contrary thereof in any wife not* vithftanding.

CAP. XXVIII.

4n a£l to permit the importation of failed leef porky and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time.

IXZHEREA S the permitting the importation of faltei beef ▼ V porky and buttery into this kingdom from Ireland, for a linked tinUy may at this timey be of great advantage to both kingdoms \

>e it therefore enaded by the fCing’s moft excellent majefty, by nd with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present patliament aflembled, and >y the authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty ourth day of Juney one thousand feven hundred and fifty eight, he importation of all forts of falted beef, pork, and butter, nto this kingdom from Ireland, shall be, and i9 hereby, per-nitted, allowed, and authorized, for and during the term of fi* nonths from thence next enfuing ; and that all persons shall be, ind are hereby, exempted, freed, and difcharged, from the >ayment of all fubfidies, cuftoms, rates, duties, or other impo-itions, and alfo from all penalties, forfeitures, payments, and punifhments, for or upon account of importing; or bringing falt-jd beef, pork, and butter into this kingdom from Ireiandy during the term aforefaid, other than fuch as herein after are men-:ioned in refped thereof; any ad or ads of parliament to thd rontrary notwithftanding.

II.	Provided always, and to the intent that the revenue arif-ng from fait may not be prejudiced by fuch importation of falted beef, pork, and butter, from Ireland; be it enaded, That ifter the faid twenty fourth day of Juney one thousand feven tiundred and fifty eight, during the continuance of this ad, there shall be paid to fuch officer as the commiflioners for the duties on fait for the time being shall appoint, at the port in England into which any fuch falted beef, pork, or butter, fhall, in purfuance of this ad, be imported from Ireiandy and before any part thereof shall be delivered out to the person or persons to whom the fame shall belong or be configned, the sum of one (hilling and three pence for every hundred weight of all fuch felted beef or pork; ar.d the sum of four pence for every hundred weight of all fuch falted butter; and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity than art hundred weight of any fuch falted beef, pork, or butter, as or for cuftom, or for duty, on or in refped thereof; the money fo arifing by the importation Df the faid falted beef, pork, or butter, to be paid into bis Ma-jefty’s exchequer as part of the duties on fait laid on by an ad in the fifth year of his present Majefty?9 reign, and continued by several fubfequent ads.

III.	And he it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That if any

Vou XXII.	Y	perfon

or other duties, on the landing thereof, than is. 3d. per C. wt. for beet or pock,

and *d. per C. wt. for butter;

the fame to be paid into the exchequer, as part of the duties on fait, laid bv the ad of 5 Geo. u

322	Anno	tricdimo ptirno Georgn II. c. 29.	£

If any dull be pcrfon or persons (hall, after the faid twenty fourth day 01 landed before one thousand feven hundred and fifty eight, during the imiwrter. be* nuance of this ad, land any fuch falted beef, pork, or I Tides the’for- into this kingdom from Ireland, before payment of the d feitureofthe duties by this ad Specified and directed, the fame shall t faidcommo* feited and loft, and twenty (hillings per barrel for every fcit'alfos.f thereof; and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quj per barrel; to be recovered of the importer or proprietor thereof; an all fuch forfeitures and penalties shall he diftributed in m One moiety following; that is to fay, one moiety thereof to the Kini thereof to the heirs, and fucceftors, and the other moiety thereof to thi

the?to^e lii or Per^ons w^°	fe'^»	foe,	or inform for the fam

former. he recovered by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or informant any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wejlminjler.

No bounty to IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enaded, Th be allowed on bounty shall be allowed or paid for any fuch felted beef or the exporting fQ ftnported into this kingdom from Ireland^ and which ih; hence. r°m cxPor*ed from hence elsewhere.

V. And be, it further enaded by the authority afor That if any adion or fuit shall be commenced againft any , fon or persons for any thing done in purfuance of this ad, defendant or defendants in any fuch adion or fuit, may | General lffue. t^e gencrai iffue, arid give this ad, and the fpecial matter evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the j was done in purfuance, and by the authority of this ad ; if it shall appear fo to have been done, the jury shall fin< the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be 1 fuited, or difeontinue his adion, after the defendant or deft ants shall have appeared; or if judgement shall be given, 1 any verdid or demurrer, againft the plaintiff, the defendan TrcM# cofts* defendants shall and may recover treble cods, and have the remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or i in other cafes by law.

CAP. XXIX.

An act for the due making of bread; and to regulate price and aflize thereof; and to punijh persons who ft adulterate meal, flour, or bread.

Preamble, re- \k7 H E R E A S by an alt of parliament made in the cm citing aft VV fiftieth year of the reign of King Henry the Third, intitui 51 Hen. 3.	Adi fa ranis & Cervifiae, provifion was made, amongfl other thif\

for fettling the affize of bread: and whereas by an alt ofpar/ian made in the eighth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen An and 8 Annx. intituled, An act to regulate the price and affize of bread, form of the faid at1 (intituled, Aflifa Panis & Cervifiae) as related tz affize of bread, was repealed, annulled, and made void; and theft aft made in the faid eighth year of the reign of her faid late map Queen Ann, was only made to continue infree for three years, & from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, but feme fubfequerit afts of parliament y the Jaid in part recited aft m



** fB.] Anno tricdimo primo GEougii II. c. ig.	*2j

*;ji faid tighth year of her faid majefiy Queen Ann, with feve-~ ^alterations and amendments thereto hatbleen continued until the fourth day of June, one thousand /even hundred and fifty ^ n, and from thence to the end of the then next of Jetton of par-^ ent: and whereas it is expedient to reduce into one aft the several • J nowin force relating to the due making, and to the price and af~ rtf bead, and to make feme alterations in, and amendments, to ‘fame*, be it therefore enalted by the King's moft excellent by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-1 and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament gabled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid ^fiiade in tine laid eighth year of the reign of her faid late ^of^Ana T*efty Queen Ann, and all alterations and amendments made rmy afts of parliament fubfequent thereto, for continuing, fubfequent, plaining, or amending the fame, is and are hereby further and relating ^ tinned from the expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth	^onti*

^ of September, tme thousand feven hundred and fifty eight •, §“pt; ^.

■that from and after the faid twenty ninth day of September, from which ^thoufand feven hundred and fifty eight, fo much of the faid time fo much "ute (intituled Ajftfa Fanis iA Cervifia) as relates to the aflize °* uCnaft °a bread, and which would otherwife be revived, when the faid ^tes^o^he ited z& made m the faid eighth year of her faid late majefty aifizeofbreadi "een Ann, shall expire; and alfo the faid a<5t of parliament and a8 Jde in the faid eighth year of the reign of her faid late majefty ^nillx?d \ ’(seen Ann, and hll the alterations and amendments made by tinuing,Sor>n* ^ afts of parliament fubfequent thereto, for continuing, ex- amending,the *aning, or amending the fame, IhaH be and are hereby repeal- f*me, are re-. annulled, and made void.	pealed,

tl. And, to the intent that from and after the faid twenty ninth of September, a plain and confiant rule and method may be duly 'erved and kept in the making arid ajfizing of the several forts of ad which Jhall be made for fade in any place or places where anaf-f of bread Jhall at any time be thought proper to be fet in purfuance this aft, be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That General or ditty and after the faid twenty ninth day of September, it shall be nance for fet-rfulfor the court, or person or persons herein after autboriz-hy this a<ft to fet the aflize of bread, to fet, afeertain, and ap- breaS?^ int, m any place or places within their refpe&ive jurifdidlions, i aflize and weight of all forts of bread, which (hall, in any ,

:h place or places, be made for fale, or expofed to fale, and e price to be paid for the fame refpe&ively, when, and as oft-, from time to time, as any fuch court, or person or persons aforefaid, shall think proper ; and that in every aflize of bread Aflizetobere-hich shall be fet in purfuance of this a<ft, refpetf (hall, from time guiated by the time, be had by the court, person or persons as aforefaid, price the ho shall fet the fame, to the price which the grain, meal, or g™"1* m«al, >ur, whereof fuch bread shall be made, shall bear in the Pub-th^market* ik market or markets, in or near the place or places for which and the profit* ly fuch aflize fhall'be fo at any time fet; and making, frpm to be allowed ne to time, reafonable allowance to the makers of bread forto the baker, le, where any fuch aflize shall be fo fet, for their charges, la-

Y z	boura

324,	Anno	tricefimo	primo	Gborgii	II.	c.	29.	{17;

hour, pains, livelihood, and profit, as fuch court, or perfoni persons as aforefaid refpe&ively, who shall at any time thj fit to fet any fuch aflize, (hall, from time to time, ds proper.

Where an af- HI* And be it further enacfted by the authority aforeu fize shall be fet* That from and after the faid twenty ninth day of Septemi no fort of where an aflize of bread shall at any time be thought props ^rCadaV'*'? be ^ct ^or any P^acc or placcs bY virtue of this a<ft, no person holdexcepted) Per^ons (hallthere make for fale, or fell, or expofe to or for & other than ' any fort of bread, except wheaten and hou(ho!d, otherwife bn what is there- bread, and fuch other fort or forts of bread, as in fuch pha by,allowed, is places shall be publickly allowed to be made or fold by the coi for fale1* C or Per^on or persons, who by this adl are authorized to fet an * fize of bread for any fuch place or places; but where it hath b ufua! to make bread with the meal or flour of rye, barley, c beans, or peafe, or with the meal or flour of any fuch diffe forts of grain mixed together, or the court or person or pen impowered to fet an aflize of bread by virtue of this a<5t, at any time think fit to order or allow in any place or pi within the limits of theiy refpedlive jurifdidlions, bread t made with rye; barley, oats, beans, or peafe, or with the 1 or meal thereof, or with the meal or flour of any fuch diffe forts of grain mixed together, fuch bread shall and may be t made and fold ; and if any person shall offend in the premi under penalty and shall be convicfted of any fuch offence, either by his, of forfeiting or their own confeflion, or by the oath of one or more cre< *0* enoHefng w*tnck or witnefles, before any magiftrate or magiftrates, than 2os.C * ftice or juftices of the peace, within the limits of his or jurifdidion, every one fo offending, lhall, on every fuch viction, forfeit and pay any fum not exceeding forty (hilli nor lefs than twenty shillings, as any fuch magiftrate or n ftrates, justice or juftices, shall think fit and order.

Aflize and IV- And be it alfo enafted by the authority aforefaid, ' price of bread ^rom and a^er tbe (aid twenty ninth day of September, in c to be let ac- place and places for which an aflize of bread lhall at any cording to the be thought proper to be fet by virtue of this a<ft, the aflize two follow- Weight of the several forts of bread which shall be there mad fale, or fold, or expofed to or for fale, and the price to be for the fame refpedlively, shall be fett and afeertained accon to the tables hereafter following, marked N°. I. and II.

ing tables mark'd N° I. and No II.

N®. I. A TAB

 





:b of Wheat, in Two Parts*

e,

14s. 6d< the Bufhel, the Allowance of the Magiftrate Confjeral Loaves : So that (for Example) if the Price of W1 find 6 s. 6d. in Column N° I. and even therewith, ui irafie Allowance is. then the Weight of the faid Loaves

53.

*jif the Magiftrates or Juftices shall think fit to allow of k Three-fourths of the Weight of the Wheaten Loavq

			
bo 00	0 6 J	* s i|	1 1 •
9 i 9 i 9 I	0 6 | 0 7 © 7 i	I 6 i  1 7 1 7 4	I I i I 2  I 2.
10  10 } 10 *	0 7 4  0 7 4 0 8	1 8 1 8 * 1 9	I 3  3 $ > 3 4
10	I  11  11 1	0 8 A 0 8 a 0 8 £	1 9 i 1 10 £  1 11	« 4 i * 4 4 » 5
\tl 4  1 0 J ° 4	0 8 £ 0 9  0 9 {	1	11 i  2	0  2 0 {	: 14  1 6 i
0 0-	0 9 4 0 9 4  0 10  \	2 1 2 1 j  2 2 4	1 7 * 7 4 » 7 4
f 1 *  ' 1 i i 2	0 10 0 10 J 0 10 {	* 3 2 3 T 2 4	i 8  1 8 i * 9
. . * i 2 * ; 3	0 to I  0 II  0 11 \	2 4 4 2 5 2 S 4	* 9 i 1 10  I 10 |
! 3 i ■ 3 \ 3 i	0 11 -J  0 II 4  0 11 j	264 2 7 2 7 4	I IO £ 1 11 I II i
1 4  1 4 T S	I 0 I 0 i I 0 i	2 8 2 8 -J  2 9	2 O 2 O £ 2 I

“2 lu	4 A	^ J
2 11 4	2 2 i	7
3 0 4	2 3 *	8
3 2	2 4	8
3 3	2 S	8
3 4	2 6	8 i
3 5	2 7 *	9 <
3 6 i	2 7 £	9 4
3 7 4	2 • 8 7	9 <
3 » |	29*	9 5
3 10	2 10	10 <
3 11	2 11	10 1
4 0	3 0	10 |
4 *	3 1	!!j
4 2	3 2	1  11 *
4 3 4	3 2 4	I I
4 4 4	3 3 4	'±1
4 6	3 4	n |
4 7	3 1	12
4 8	3 6	12
4 9	3 7	12
4 10	3 .8	12
4 »* 4	3 8 a	13 1
		
S *	3 9,	*3
5 2	3 10	*3
5 3	3 ”	!3
5 4	4 0	*4
5 5	4 *	H
5 6	4 2	-’t

(To face Page 325.





under mentioned.

pe adapted fo as to ferve either for the Winchefter Bufhel lfifting of Two-thirds Wheat and One-third Rye; the Column N° I. or VII. the Weights which the ftveral (which are to weigh 171b. 6oz. each) under N° VI.

theit refpedtive Titles in the fame Line will be found

here Bread is ordered to be made for Sale of a coarfe be fet and fixed from the Barley Columns.

							N° VI.				[NoVU.
jaf.				Price of the Peck Loaf.							j?l
											
	Maflin.			Rye.		Barley.	Oats.	Beans.	I Maflin:		if
a.	lb.	oz	d.	s.	d.	s. d.	s. d.	s. d.	s.	/ d.	s. d.
jo	5Z	8	0	0	4t	0 4i	0 9	0 3i	0	4	1 0
jO	42	0	0	0	5*	0 5i	0 11	0 4	0	|	1 3
0  1-	34	«s	8	0		0	> 't	0 S	0	6	1 6
											
8	30	0	0	0	7f	0 7i	1 3i	0 Si	0	7	* 9
8	26	4	0	0	n	0 8i	1 Si	0 61	0	8	2 0
0	23	5	8	0	10	0 pi	1 7i	0 7’-	0	9	* 3
p	21	0	0	0	11	O 10$	I xo	0 8$ 0 9$	0	10	2 6 ,
4	19	0	8	I	0	0 Ili	2 I		0	11	* 9
8	*7	7	12	I	1	. oi	2 2 i	0 10	1	0	j 0
0	16	2	0	I	2i	I «i	2 4 T	0 10$	1	1	3 3
4	*5	0	0	I	3i	1 2i	2 64	0 n|	1	2	3 6
2	*3	*5	8	I	4i	1 3i	2 8i	1 oi	1	3	3 9
4	*3	2	0	I	Si	1 4i	2 11$	« «i	1	4	4 0
4	12	6	0]	I	H	1 5i	3 °i	> 2i	1	5	4 3
2	11	10	I2|	I	8	* 7	3 zi	« 3	1	6	4 «
4	11	1	O	I	H	1 8	1 I1	1 3i	1	7	4 9
0	10	8	0	I	10	* 9		* 4i	1	8	S 0
4	9	*5	12	I	II*	1 1 #	3 **	* Si	1	9	5 3
0	9	8	4	2	O}	1 11	4 >	> 7t	1	IO	S 6
2	9	1	8	2		2 0	4 3	1 7i	1	II	1 9I
4	8	11	*4	2	2}	2 1	4 St	1 8	2	O	6 0
8	8	6	4	2	3l*	2 2	4 7i	* H	2	1	£ I
8	8	1	0	2	5	2 3	4 9	* 9i 1 ioi 1 ni	2	2	6 6
4	7	12	8	2	6	2 4	S 0		2	3	6 9
0	7	8	0	2	7	2 5	5 'I		2	4	7 0

75&J Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. C. 29.	325

V. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Aflfaetobefet Tiat from and after the faid twenty ninth day of September, one ^^^andia oufand feven hundred and fifty eight, every aflize which (hall, Uie propor-m om time to time, be fet in any city, town corporate, hundred, tions directed vilion, liberty,' rape, or wapentake, in purfuance of this adt, by the table*, all be always fet in averdupois weight, of fixteen ounces to fQ^of epound, and not troy weight, and in the several proportions di- 0 80 *ca died in or by the faia tables above fet forth, or as near the fame may be, as to the several forts of bread in this act fpecified; id that the faid tables shall extend as well to (uch bread which all be made with the flour of wheat mixed with the flour of

her grain, as alfo to bread which shall be made with the flour other grain or grains than wheat, which ihall be publickly li-nfed and allowed to be made into bread, in any place or places purfuance of this adt; and that the aflize of all fuch mixed ead shall be fet and afcertained as near as may be, according the faid tables.

VI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Return to be hat from and after the faid twenty ninth day of September, the made weekly fpe&ive prices which the several kinds of grain, meal, and to the C0UJt )ur, fit and proper to make the different forts of bread which ^ear^Jna^ a" all be allowed to be made in purfuance of this adt, (hall, from London,byth* ne to time, bona fidey fell for in the markets or places in meal weigh-ny where fuch grain, meal, and flour, shall be openly and pub- e**s* tbc :kly fold during the whole market, and not at particular times ^^^1 ereof, or on particular contradts only, (hall, from time to ^\n0f me, be given in and certified on oath, on fome certain day in grain, meal, ery week, as the court of mayor and aldermen of the city of and flour, fit mdon (hall, from time to time, appoint, by the meal weighers i^r7eU^or" the faid city of London, or fuch other persons as the faid court in the market* mayor and aldermen in London, (hall, from time to time, di- of the city ;

6t; and shall alfo on fome certain day in every week, to be ap- the prices to tinted by the faid court of mayor and aldermen in London, be he entered by itered by fuch fneal weighers, or other persons to be appointed ^ndT tiiT* aforefaid, in writing under their hands, in fome book to be for t0 t>e at purpofe provided by the faid city of London, and kept at the kept in the wn clerk’s office in the faid city: and the next day after every town clerk’* ch price shall be fo given in and certified as aforefaid, the aflize	/r

(d weight of all forts of bread to be fold or expofed to fale by a^ prjcc 0f iy person within the limits of their jurifdidtion, and the price bread to be be paid for the fame refpedlively, (hall, from time to time, fet the next 1 fet by the faid court of mayor and aldermen in London, if the » id court shall then (it, and if fuch court shall not then fit, by e mayor of the faid city for the time being; and that the aflize and to take * bread which shall be fo fet in London shall take place from fuch place accord-me as the faid court shall order, and be in force for the faid in6|to or.der» ty of London and the liberties thereof, and the weekly bills of ^ ortality (the city of JVeJlminfter and liberties thereof, the bo- {izt be fet i >ugh of Southwark, and weekly bills of mortality in the county of trry excepted) until a new or other aifize of bread in London fall be fet $ and that after the fixing or fetting of every fuch

Y 3	affisc

3*6

Anno trkeOmo primoGEORGH II. c 29.	[1758k

•ffize of bread^ by the faid court of mayor and aldermen of London, or the mayor of the faid city for the time being, when the faid court of mayor and aldermen of London shall not fit,

and tobe	a^izc	^rorn	timc	t0 t*mc ^et>	with convenient

litb'd forth- fpeed after fetting thereof, be made public in fuch manner as with.	the faid court of mayor and aldermen shall order or direCl: but

before any ad-before any advance or reduction shall in any week be made by duafonbe6" X^e ^ courl may°r anc* aldermen, or the mayor of the faid nudcbi the	LoJidon for the time being, in the price of bread, the meal

price of bread, weighers of the faid city of London for the time being, or fuch the meal other persons as the faid court of mayor and aldermen shall from toleav™ afh t,mc t0 timc aPP°‘nt t0 return the price of grain, meal, and bakers hall* C fl°ur> shall leave *n writing at the common hall of the compan] a copy of the of bakers in the faid city of London, a copy of every return of tb< return* made price of grain, meal, and flour, which thpy shall make, and en« that day, ter in fuch book to be provided and kept at the town clerk’s office as aforefaid, fome time of the fame day on which fuch me* weighers or other persons shall make every fuch return and e* that the com- try as aforefaid ; to the intent that the faid company of bakefl time t^objeft maY morning of the next day after every fuch return an4 the re to, be fare cntiy shall be made, and before any aflize shall be fet, from timl the affize be to time, have an opportunity to offer to the faid court of mayoj '	and aldermen, if fuch court shall then fit, and if fuch court £ha|

not then fit, to the mayor of the faid city of London for the tiro being, all fuch objections as the faid company of bakers (hal have and think fit to offer againft any advance or reduction be ine that day made in London in the price of bread.

VII.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid Tbe court of That from and after the faid twenty ninth day of September, tb aldermen and court mayor an<* ddermen of every other city, where tha Magiftrates, shall be any fach court, and when fuch court shall fit; and whet Sec!in other there shall be no fuch court, or, there being any fuch, when th cities, towns, fame shall not fit, the mayor, bailiffs, or other chief magiftrat °r ma§^rates of every fuch other refpeClive city; and in town manner, caufe corPoratc» or boroughs, the mayor, bailiffs, aldermen, < returns’to be other chief magiftrate or magiftrates for the time being of ever made them of fuch town corporate or borough ; or two or more juftices of th which the fe- Pcacc *n fad1 towns and places where there shall be no Cue veral forts of mayor> bailiffs, aldermen, or chief magiftrates; shall and ma grain, meal, feverally and refpeClively, from time to time, as there shall 1 And flour, fit occafion, within their several and refpeClive jurifdiClions, cani be buwfckiaU l^c refae<^ve pdees with the several forts of grain, meal, an ioldPat jnthc ®our> fit and proper to make the different forts of bread whic markets,with- shall be allowed to be made in every fuch other refpeClive cit] in rheir jurif- town corporate, borough, town, or place, (hall, from time I diftions. time, bona fide, fell for, in the refpeClive publick markets in \ near to every fbch other town corporate, borough, town, < place, during the whole market, and not at particular tiro thereof, or on particular contrads only, from time tp time I given in and certified, upon oath, unto fuch court, mayor, ba Jiffs, aldermen, chief magiftrate or magiftrates, or juftices, i

afor<



758.J Anno triccfimo primo Georgii II. c. 29.	327

brefald reflectively, within their feverat juriftliltions, in fiich tanner, and by fuch person or persons, and on fuch day in very week, as any fuch refpeCtive court, mayor, bailiffs, al-ermen, chief magiftrate or magiftrates, or juftices, as afore-lid, within their refpedhve jurifdi&ions, shall from time to time ppoint; and the price which shall be fb certified, (hall, from the prices to me to time, be entered by the refpe&ivc person or persons rho (haH certify the fame in fome book or books to be provided proper bode* >y fiich refpeCtive person or persons, and kept by him or them v	9

or that purpofe : and within two days after every fuch price an<j hall be 10 returned, the aflize and weight of bread for every and price of uch other refpeCtive city, town corporate, borough, town, and bread, to be klace, and the price to be paid for the fame, (hall, from time to J®1 lime,be fetby thecourtofmayorandaidermenofeveryfuchotheraaysa c * pity where there shall be any fuch court, and when the fame shall (it; and when fuch court shall not fit, by the mayor of every fuch other refpe&ive city; and where there shall be no fuch court of mayor and aldermen in any fuch other city, then by the mayor, bailiffs, or other chief magiftrate or magiftrates of every fuch other city; and in towns corporate, and boroughs, by the mayor, bailiffs, aldermen, or other chief magiftrate or magiftrates of every fuch town corporate, or borough ; and by two or more juftices of the peace in towns or places where there shall be no fuch mayor, bailiffs, aldermen, or chief magiftrate or magiftrates: and the aflize and weight of bread, and price to be paid for the fame, which shall be fo from time to time fet in every fuch other city, and in every town corporate, or borough, and in every town and place where there shall be no fuch mayor, bailiffs, aldermen, or chief magiftrate or magiftrates, as aforefaid, shall commence and to take and take place on fuch day in every week, and be in force for place, and fuch time, not exceeding ieven days from the fetting of every continue (not fuch aflize, and shall be made publick in fuch manner, as fuch	7to

court of mayor and aldermen in every fuch other city where there be publifhed, shall be any fuch court, and when the fame shall fit; and where as the court or there shall be no fueh court of mayor and aldermen, or there be-ing any fuch, when the fame shall not fit, as the mayor, bailiffs,

Qr other chief magiftrate or magiftrates, as aforefaid, of every fuch other city; and as the mayor, bailiffs, aldermen, or other chief magiftrate or magiftrates, as aforefaid, of every fuch town corporate, or borough; and in towns and places where there shall be no fuch mayor, bailiffs, aldermen, or chief magiftrate or magiftrates, as aforefaid, as any fuch two juftices, as afore-faid, fhall. within their refpediive jurifdi&ions, from time to time diredt.

Vm. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Twoormore That from and after the faid twenty ninth day of September, if	with-

any two or more juftices of the peace of counties at large, rid- ^^ons,Mayings, or divifions, shall at any time think fit to fet an aflize of fet an aflize of bread, for any place or places within the limits of their refpedl- bread, and ive jurifdidhons, then, and in any fuch cafe, it shall be lawful c™fc ret‘,rn* for any fuch two or more juftices, within thp limits of their re- cuTrkso/

Y ^	fpec-	theneighboipr?

the price ax which grain, meal, and flour, shall he there fold;

the return* to he made on a certain day,

328	Anno	tricefimo	primo	Georgii II. c, 29.	[175$*

ing markets of ftjedfcive jurifdidtions, to caufe the price which grain, meal, and flour, fit to make the several forts of bread which shall be made for fale in any fuch place or places, (hall, from time to time, k-na fide, fell for in the refpedfive public com market or corn markets, in or near any fuch place or places refpedlively, during the whole market, and not at particular times thereof, or 00 Special contra&s only, to be from time to time given, and certified on oath, to them at their refpedtive houfes or places of abode, in any fuch county, riding, or divifion, on fuch day in every week, as any fach two or more juftices shall for that pur-ppfe fix on and appoint, by the refpedtive clerks of the market of the several markets in or near fuch refpedtive place or places, or fuch other person or persons as any fuch two or more juft ices as aforefaid refpedtively, within their refpedtive jurifdidtions, shall and to be en- ^or t^lat PurP°^c aPP°int; and that the price of grain, meal, and jteredandfign- flour, which shall be fo returned, (hall* from time to time, be ed in a book pntered by the refpedtive perfor) or persons who shall fo return to be kept for the fame, in fomc book or books to be provided by him or them, th^a^^nd*anc^ ^cpt ^at PurP°^e * anc* within two days after any fuck price ofbread rcturn of the price of grain, meal, and flour, shall be made, to be fet with- to any fuch two or more juftices, as aforefaid, the price and af-in z days af- fize ofbread may be by them, or any two of them, fet for every ter, and to fuch p]ace or piaces> for any time not exceeding fourteen days exceeding fr°m evefY fitting thereof: and the aflize which shall be fo from days) and to time to time fet, shall commence and be in force, at fuch time commenceand after every fetting thereof, and be made public in fuch place or Pu^J^cd places for which the famefhall befo fet, in fuch manner as the dcred! C °T ju®ces who shall fet the fame, shall order or diredt.

IX.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Bakers may fee That any maker of bread for fale in any fuch other city, town the day after corPor**e» borough, or place, where the price and aflize of bread, the fame shall in purfuance of this adt, ihall at any time be thought proper to be made, be fet, shall have liberty, at all feafonatye times, in the day time,

,the next day after every return of the price of grain, meal, and flour, shall be made for any fuch other city, town corporate, borough,Uown, or place, and entered in the proper book hereby directed to be provided and kept for that purpofe, to fee the entry which shall be made in fuch book, of the price of grain, that th«v may anc* flour, without paying any thing for the fame $ to the have time to Y intent that every fuch maker of bread for (ale, may have an op-objedt to the portunity on the faid next day after any fuch eptry as aforefaid advance or re- shall be made as hereby isdiredted, to offer to any fuch court, mayor, bailjffs, aldermen, or other chief magiftrate or magi-ftrates, or juftices, as aforefaid, who shall think fit to fet any fuch aflize of bread within their refpedtive jurifdidtions, and before any fuch aflize fh^ll be fet, fuch pbjedtions as any fuch maker of bread for fale c^n reafonably make againft any advance or reduction being at any time made in the aflize or price of bread in any fuch other city, town corporate, borough, town, or place.

X.	And be it further cnadted by the authority aforefaicj,

* TAaf

dudtion to be made in the price ofbread, 1 before the af- 1 fize be fet.



1758.]	Anno tricesimo pruno Georgh IJ. C. 29.	329

That no baker or maker of bread for fale shall be liable or Baker not lia-compellable to pay any fee, gratuity, or reward, to any per-blc to Pay fcc* fon or persons for, "or by means of, any aflize of bread being at the^ffize'of any time fet, altered, or publifhed, by virtue of, or under bread, this a£L	,

XI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. Form of the That the form of the return, or the certificate of the price of returns to be grain, meal, or flour, (hall, from time to time, be to the pur- m?de °/thc. port or effedt as followeth; that is to fay,

The prices of grain, meal,	and flour, as	fold in the com
market in	in the	of
- the	day of	17
The bed wheat -	- at	by the bulhel.
The fecond	r at	by ditto.
The third	• at	by ditto.
The beft wheaten flour	- at	by the fack.
Houfhold flour	- at	by’ditto.
Rye -	- at	by the bufhel.
Rye meal, or flour.	• at	by the bulhel.
Barley -	- at	by ditto.
Barley meal - -	- at	by ditto.
Oats - -	- at	by ditto.
Oatmeal -	• at	by
White peas - - -	- at	by the bufhel.
White pea flour, or meal.	- at	by
Beans -	- at	by the bufheL
Bean meal, or flour,	- at	by

To every of which returns the person or persons, who shall be Returns to be appointed to make the fame, (hall, from time to time, (ign their figned. refpedttve names or marks.

XII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Formofpub-That when an aflize of bread shall at any time be let in purfu- J^c^brcad. ance of this adl, the fame shall be made public in the form or to tfiedFedl following 5 that is to fay,

The aflize of bread, fet the	day of

™	for	to	take	place

on the	day	of	now

next enfuing, and to be in force	for the

faid	of

a

And in places where penny, twopenny, fixpenny, twelvepen-py, and eighteenpenny loaves, shall be made, as followeth;

v

$



Tfa,

 Gc • ?le

Anno tricesimo primo Georg IIII. c.

1

t*7S9.

OX.

&r.

The penny loaf wheatep Is to weigh Ditto houihold is to weigh -	-	—

The twopenny loaf wheaten is to weigh Ditto houihold is to weigh -

The (ixpenny loaf wheaten is to weigh -	-	-

Ditto houfhold is to weigh -

The twelvepenny loaf wheaten is to weigh - -Ditto houihold is to weigh -

The ©ighteenpenny loaf wheaten is to weigh * Ditto houfliokl is to weigh - - -	-	•

And in places where quartern, half peck, and peck loaves shall be made, then as follows;

The peck loaf wheaten ' is to weigh	-	-	!

Ditto houihold is to j weigh -	-	-	1

lb.	0Z.	dr.	1	s.	d.
—	—	—	. and is to be	—	—
			fold for -		
			and is tQ be		
	-		fold for -		

Half peck, and quartern loaves to weigh, and be fold, in due proportion to the peck loaf. Magiltrate to direct how the affize of rye, barley, or mixed bread, when order'd to be made, shall he pub-liflied.

And the half peck and quarter of a peck loaves of wheaten and houihold bread are to weigh, from time to time, in proportion to the weight a peck loaf of wheaten or houihold bread ought to weigh, and are to be fold according to the price a peck loaf of wheaten or houihold bread refpeaively is to be fold; and whenever any bread shall be ordered to be made by any fuch ma-giftrate or magiftrates, or juftiges, within the limits of their ju-rifdidtion, with the meal or flour of rye, barley, oats, peas, or beans, either alone, or mixed with the meal or flour of any other grain or grains, the aflize of fuch bread lhall be made public in fuch manner as the faid magiftrate or magiftrates, or juftices, who lhall fet fuch aflize, mail, from time to time, diredh

Where bread XIII. And be it alfo ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That of a certain in places where any flxpeniiy, twelvepenny, and eighteenpenny denomination loaves shall at any time be ordered or allowed to be made or fold, Uor^retfor ?°PCC^» half-peck, or quarter of a peck loaves lhall be permit-allowed to be ted or allowed at the fame time to be there made or fold ; to the made,nobread intent that one of thofc forts of loaves of bread may not be fold of a different defignedly, or otherwife, for the other fort thereof, to the injury Utobe fokTat unwa,7 People; upon pain that every one who lhall offend the fame	in the premifles, and shall be thereof convi&ed in manner here-

time,	in after preferibed, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit a fum

under penalty not exceeding forty shillings, nor lefs than twenty shillings, as



1758*3 Anno tricesimo pritno Georgii n. c. 29.	'	331

the magiftrate or magiftrates, juft ice or juftices, before whom not exceeding

any fuch offender ftiall be convi&ed, ftutt from time to time *?*• *or

than 208. for

tniQK nt.	fuc^ offend.

XIV. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, The juftices* That if, for the better carrying into execution this aft, the ju- at a gCneraj ftices of the peace of any county, riding, or divifion, (hall, at quarter fef-any general or general quarter feffions of the peace to be held by “°n.s> them for any fuch county, riding, or divifion, think fit to af- of any huiSred certain or fix, that any hundred or hundreds, or other place or or place within places, in any fuch county, riding, or divifion, ought to be efti- a certain di-mated or confidcred, as of, or in, any one particular hundred, f°*s tb<j riding, or divifion, of any fuch county, riding, or divifion, in rrt»efam* order that the affize of bread which shall be fet for fuch particu- may extend lar hundred, place or places, may extend to or comprize fuch thereto, other hundred, place or places, then, and in any fuch cafe, it shall be lawful for them (o to do ; but by fb doing thereof, no justice of the peace of any fuch county, riding, or divifion, fhaH be excluded or debarred from afting as a justice of the peace in any hundred, riding, or divifion of any fuch county in which any fuch particular towns, diftrifts, or places shall lie, or the affize for them shall be fet.

XV.	And be it likewife cnafted by the authority aforefaid. Entry to be That an entry (hall, from time to time, be made by every clerk

of the market, or other person or perions who, in purfuance of market, this aft, shall be appointed to make fuch return and certificate proper book*, as hereby is dijefted refpeftively, in fome book or books to be of the returns provideo and kept by them refpeftively for that purpofe, of every madc by k*®* return which shall be made, in purfuance of this aft, by them refpeftively $ and alfo of the rate at which the price, affize, and and 0f the weight of bread (hall, from time to time, be fet or fixed within the affize and the jurifdiftion of every fuch clerk of the market, or other per- price of bread fons who (ball, in purfuance of this aft, be appointed to make ** fct at fuch return or certificate as aforefaid; which book or books any t[^ timc to inhabitant of every fuch city, town corporate, borough, fran- the faid books chife, hundred, riding, divifion, liberty, lath, rape, or wapen-to be open to take, (hall, at all feafonable times in the day-time, have liberty the infpeftioa to fee and infpeft, without any fee or reward being to be paid1^*“* mhabl* for the lame.

XVI.	And be it allb enafted by the authority aforefaid, M .	.

That after an afiize of bread (hall, at any time after the faid™*be^ade twenty ninth day of September, be fet, no alteration shall be made in affize of therein in any fubfequent week, either to rife the fame higher, or bread, unlef* to fink the lame lower, unlefs and except when the price of whe^or^-wheat, or other grain, shall be returned as having rofe three therV^n?" pence each bufhel, more than the laft return made, or having shall vary \d. fallen three pence each bufhel lower than the faid laft return; »n the buffiel no provifion being made by the faid affize tables fof altering any from thc la^ affize, when the variation in the price of wheat, or other grain,rcturn‘

(hall not in any week have amounted to, and have been returned

fhree pence a bufhel.

XVII.	And be it likewife enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That



332	Anno	tricefimo	primo GeoRGH II. c. 2g.	[1758.

Any meal That if any meal weigher, clerk of any market, or other person of l§vt\market or P^008 w^° ^all aPP°mted to certify or return, as hereby &c. who^all *ls direded, the price of grain, meal, and flour, shall in any wife negled his du- negled, omit, or refufe to do, any matters or things by this aft ty, or make a required or directed to be done by him or them refpedively, or falfe return ; shall defignedly or knowingly make any falfe certificate or return 5 and any peace or ^ any constable headborough, or other peace officer, shall officer, who refufe or negled to obferve or obey any warrant in writing which shall difobey shall be delivered to him under the hand and feal of any magj-the ^ar^ntt°' ftrateor jufticeof the peace, or to do any other ad requifite to be orfSg. or * done by him or them for the carrying this ad, or any of the otherwifeneg- powers or authorities hereby given, into execution; then every left his duty, person fo offending in any of the premiffes, on being convided of forfeit not ex- any fuch offence, shall forfeit and pay for every fuch offence, any ceeding jl.nor fum not exceeding five pounds, nor lefs than twenty shillings, as >eis than 20s. the magiftrate or magistrates, justice or juftices, before whom any fuch offender or offenders shall be convicted, shall think fit and order, every time he or they shall fo offend and be convided, as hereby is direded.

Any buyer, XVIII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid* feller, ordeal That in cafe any buyers or fellers of, or dealers in corn, grain* er, who shall meal, or flour, at any time after the faid twenty ninth day of dc^etothe " ^ePiem^er<> on ratfonable requeft to him, her, or them made by jneal weighers the meal weighers of the city of London in London, or by the in London, or refpedive clerks of the markets, or other persons, who, in pur-clerks of the fuance of this a<51, shall be appointed to give in and certify, as Acc*s hereby is direded, the prices of grain, meal, and flour, from the the truePprices refpedive markets or places within their refpedivejurifdidions, jhefeveraJ forts shall refufe to difclofe and make known to fuch meal weighers* of grain, meal, clerks of the markets, or other persons, who shall be appointed be bouUht&al to ma^e rcturns and certificates as hereby are direded refold at fn the fpe&ively, and alfo shall requeft the fame within their refpedive publickmar- jurifdidions, the true real prices the several forts of grain, meal, ret>	and flour, shall be bona fide bought at, or fold, by or for him, her,

or them refpedively, at any corn market or corn markets, or other place, where corn, grain, meal, or flour, is or shall be ufually, openly, or publickly fold, within the jurifdidion of any fuch person or persons as aforefaid, who shall requeft any fuefi oy shall give in account to be given to him or them; or shall knowingly give a falfe or collu- in to any fuch meal weigher, clerk ojf the market, or other per-five price, fon, wh0 shall be appointed in purfuance of this ad, to give in and certify the price of grain, meal, and flour, any falfe or untrue price or prices of any grain, meal, or flour, bought or fold, or agreed fo to be, or any price which hath been made by any deceitful means *, then, and in every fuch cafe, he, (he, or they* fo offending, on being convided of any fuch offence by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, or folemn affirmation of any credible witnefs or witnefles, being a Quaker^ or oi> forfeit not ex- the confeflion of the party accufed, shall forfeit any fum not nor lefs than cxcce(hng ten pounds, nor lefs than forty shillings, as the magi-$0$.	ft™1? Qr magiftrates,juftice or juftices, befqre whom any fuch of-’

‘	.	fen*

1758.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c, 29.	333

fender or offenders shall be convidted, shall think fit and order, every time he, (he, or they, shall fo offend, and be convidted of any fuch offence.

XIX.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, where any That if any fuch court, magiftrate or magiftrates, justice or ju- falfe return ftice$ as aforefaid, • who shall have thought proper to have or- (h*dl btfulpedk# dered any return to be made of the price of grain, meal, or flour, th/courTma! within their refpedtive jurifdidtions, (hall, at any time within the giftrate, or ju-fpace of three days after any fuch return shall have been made, ttice, may, fufpedt that the fame was not truly and bona fide made, then, 3days, and in any fuch cafe, it shall be lawful for any fuch court, huy^oMbU magiftrate or magiftrates, justice or juftices, within their ier| or other" refpedtive jurifdidtions, to fummon before them refpediively, any pcrfoa, likely person or persons who shall have bought or fold, or shall be fuf- tog!ve infor-pedted to have bought or fold, or agreed to buy or fell, any matl0n* grain, meal, or flour, within their refpedtive jurifdidtions, qr

who shall be thought to be likely to give any information con-cerning the premiffes, and to examine them refpediively upon oath, touching their several oaths, touching the rates and prices the several the prices of forts of grain, meal, and flour, or any of them, were there really gra’,n» naeal, and bona fide bought at, or fold for, or agreed fo to be by him, ^^,5^ ur^a % her, or them refpediively, at any time or times within the fpace before \ of (even days preceding the fummoning of him, her, or them refpediively: and if any person or persons who shall be fo fum- andanyperfon moned as aforefaid, shall negledt or refufe to appear on fuch who	not

fummons (and proof shall be made on oath of fuch fummons	juftt0f

having been duly ferved upon him, her, or them for that purpofe) caufe (hewn, or if any person or persons fo fummoned shall appear,and negledt or shall refufe or refufe to anfwer fuch lawful queftionstouching the premifles, *° g*,ve c?i-as shall be propofed to him, her, or them by any fuch court,dcncc* magiftrate or magiftrates, justice or juftices as aforefaid, within their refpedtive jurifdidtions, without fome juft or reaibnable excufe, to be allowed of by any fuch court, magiftrate or magiftrates, jufticeor juftices as aforefaid, he, (he, or they fooffehding, on being convidted of any fuch offence, either by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, or his, her, or their own confeffion, before any court, magiftrate or magiftrates, justice or forfeits not juftices, (hall, on every fuch convidlion, forfeit and pay any fum exceeding to!. not exceeding ten pounds, and not lefs than forty shillings, as nor lcl* than any fuch court, magiftrate or magiftrates, justice or juftices, shall forfwe;ir. think fit and order: and if any perfon, who shall be fo examined ing himfelf, on oath, shall wilfully forfwear him or herfelf, every fuch person incurs the pe-(hall be fubjedt and liable to be profecuted as for perjury, by Paltlcs of P***-indidlrr.ent or information by due courfe of law* and, it con- fum-vidted,’fhall be liable to the p^alties persons convidted of wilful moned, not o-and corrupt perjury are fubjedt and liable to; provided that the bliged to tra-party or parties fo fummoned be not obliged to travel above five vc* above 5 miles from the place or places of his, her, or their above.	0fW»

XX.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, abode.

That whenever any court as aforefaid, magiftrate or magiftrates,

or juftices gf the peace, shall order any bread to be made within,

their



Bakers to con form to fitch order, and make the bread of fuch

be dire&ed, on penalty of forfeiting not exceeding 5I. nor left than 406.

The several forts of bread

3J4	Anno	tricefimo	primo	Georgii	II. c. 29.	[1758.'

When an or- their refpedlive jurifdi&ions, of or with the flour or meal of any mYd^formak- Sram or€raiRS t^an wheat, or to be mixed with the flour ing bread for " wheat, or to be made with the flour or meal of any other fort fale of any or forts of grain or grains, either feparate or mixed together, ail other grain	perfons who (hail make any bread for fale, in any place where

th of W>ixed any ^uck or<^cr 01 or<*cr5 shall at my time be made, (hall, from meal orflour, *° «wke bread with fuch mixed meal or flour,ln every 9 fiich place and places, in fuch manner as they shall be required and ordered by any fuch court, magkirate or ma^iftrates, or juft*ces asafortfaid, within their refpedtive jurifdkfhons, and fhafl, from time to time, makefile fame of fuch weight and goodnefs, and shall fell the fame at fuch prices, as any fuch court, magi* ftrate or magrftrates, or joftices, within their refpedhvejuriftiic* weight and tions, (hall, from time to time, order or direct; upon pain that goodnefs, and every person who shall at any time offend in the premifles, and at f“ch t£ric^’	be convi&ed of any fuch offence in the manner herein after

1 ertin pflsfcribed by this »<5t, ihall forfeit any fum not exceeding five pounds, nor lefs than forty shillings, as the magiftrateor magi* ftrates before whom any fuch offender or offenders shall be con* vidled shall think fit and order, every time he, foe, or they ftiaU fo offend and beconviftecl.

XXI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the twenty fourth day of jaconet houfand made for felc, feven hundred and fifty eight, the several forts of bread which

vSlmader^8 ^ ma<*c *°r f^e> or or	or	for	fak*	in WT

and, in their place or places, shall always be well made, and in their several degree^ ac- and refpe&ive degrees, according to the goodnefs of the several co^ing to the forts of meal or flour whereof the feme ought to be made; and iorts^oVjneaL 00 a^tHW> or preparation or mixture in which allum shall be or flour the an ingredient, or any other mixture or ingredient whatfoever fame ought to (except only the genuine meal or flour which ought to be put be made of, therein, and common fair, pure water, eggs, milk, yeaft, and barm, or fuch leaven as (hail aft anytime be allowed to be put therein bv the court, or person or persons who (hall, by virtue of this a&, have fet an afltze of bread, for the place or places where any fuch leaven shall be ufed, and where no fuch aflize foaH have been fet, then fuch kavenas any magiftrateor magi* ftrates, jufticeor juftices of the peace, within his ortheir jurif-di&ion, shall allow to be ufed intfcakingofbread) shall be put into, fuch leaven as or *,n any wife ufed m making dough, orany bread to be fold, or as cm H allowed • orforlcavcn to ferment any dough, or on any other account, in the upon penalty * trade or myftery of making bread, under any colour or pretence of the offender whatfoever, upon pain that every person (other than a fervantor forfeiting (notjourneyman) who (haW knowingly offend in the premifles, and vSV^'our" ^a^ conv^c^ of any fuch offence, either by his, her, or neyman)°not their own confeffion, or by the oath of one or more credible exceeding iol. witnefs or witneffes, before any fuch magiftrate or magiftrates^ nor lefs than justice or juftices of the peace, within the limits of his or their* * jurifdi&ion, (hall, on every fuch conviction, forfeit and pay anyfura of money not exceed ing ten pounds,andnot lefs than forty (hillings j or (hall, by warrant under the hand and feal, or hands and JeaJs,

without any adulteration or mixture,' except the genuine meal or flour, fak, water, eggs, milk, yean, and barm, or

 L,ooq le

1758.3 Anno triocfuno pritno Georgii II. c. 29*

335

of any fuch magiftrate or magiftrates, justice or juftices, whhlnor being com* his or their refpeCHve jurifdi&ion, be apprehended and coramited "^ted, to the houfe of correction, or fome prifon of the county, city, i^our tofany town corporate, borough, riding, divifion, or place, where tne time not exoffence shall have been committed, or the offender or offenders ceeding one ihall be apprehended, there to remain and be kept to hard la- month, nor hour for any time not exceeding one calendar month, nor left	10

than ten days, from the time of fuch commitment, as any fuch y 9 magiftrate or magiftrates, justice or juftices, shall think fit and order; and if any fervant or journeyman baker shall knowingly and if the of-offend in the premises, and shall be convi&ed of any fuch offence, either by his, her, or their own confeflion, or by the oath of one ncynunl on" or more credible wknefs or witnefles, before any fuch magi- penalty of hit ftrate or magiftrates, justice or juftices of the peace, within the forfeiting not limits of his or their jurifdi&ion, he, fhe, or they who shall lo offend, fhall, on every fuch conviction, forfeit and pay any fum of money not exceeding five pounds, and not lefs than twenty or being com* (hillings; or fhall, by warrant under the hand and feal, or hands mitted, and and feals, of any fuch magiftrate or magiftrates, justice or iuftices, kept t» hard within his or their refpedive jurifdiCtion, be apprehended and l*b°ur foranf Committed to the houfe of correction, or fome prifon of the county, city, town corporate, borough, riding, divifion, liberty, monthfnor Or place, where the offence (hail have been committed, or the left ttiama offender or offenders shall be apprehended, there to remain and **T*i be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one calendar month, nor lefs than ten days, from the time of every fuch commitment, as any fuch magiftrate or magiftrates, justice or juftices,

Ihall think fit and order; and it shall and may be lawful for the of the money magiftrate or magiftrates, justice or juftices, before whom any of the iorfei-fuch offender shall be convicted, out of the money forfeited, tut*» when recovered, to caufe the offender’s name, place of abode, and offence, to be publifhed in fome news paper, which shall theoffciider'* be printed or publifhed in or near the county, city, or place, name, placedf where any fuch offence shall have been committed.	abode, and of*

XXII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, y^penalty of That from and after the faid twenty ninth day of September, no ^Iterating person shall knowingly put into any corn, meal, or flour, which com, meal, or ihall be ground, drefled, bolted or manufactured for fale, either flour» whether at the time of grinding, drefling, bolting, or in any wife manu- at.4^ci^nQC °* faCiuring the fame, or at any other time or times, any ingredient, drdfing, or mixture, or thing whatfoever; or shall knowingly fell, offer, or bolting,’See. expofeto or for lale, any meal or flour of one fort of grain as or or of idling

for the meal or flour of any other fort of grain, or any thing as ihc m^.al or

c	. j . ,	.J	6	r	•	.	,	•	.	flour of one

or for, or m;xcd with, the meal or flour of any gram, which fortof grain

ihall not be the real and genuine meal or flour of the grain the for another

fame shall import to be and ought to be, upon pain that every fort;

perfon who shall offend in the premiftes, and shall be thereof con-

ViCted in manner herein after preferibed, shall forfeit and pay Jh^not be

for every fuch offence, any fum not exceeding five pounds, nor the genuine.

ibid tor;





33§	Annotricefjmo primo Georgii ll. c. iq.

’* ”iQtito **•.• ftice or juftices, before whom any fuch offender or offenders (hail S thann^tbC^c conv^e^t shall think fit or order.

Where bread XXIII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefand, (haU beofa That from and after the faid ninth day of September, no perfbn different mixr lhall knowingly put into any bread which shall be made for fafe, thro what it any mixturc °f mca* or ^our °f any other fort of grain than of the imported to be Sra^n l^e fame shall import to be, and lhall be allowed to be of» or isal-	made of^in purfuance of this a<5; or shall put into any bread

lowed,	which shall be made for fale, any larger or other proportion of

°rorortionof any ot^cr or different fort or forts of grain, or the meal or flour the roxture thereof, than what shall be appointed or allowed to be puttherctn allowed of by this a<ft ; or any mixture or thing as for or in lieu of flour, fliall not be which shall not really be the genuine flour the fame shall import

or where an t0 an(* 0UB^t t0 uPon Pain r^at evcr7 P^rfon who shall thingIhaU be offend in the premiffes, and shall be convi&ed of any fuch of-fold as flour, fence in manner herein after prescribed, lhall forfeit and pay which is not any fum not exceeding five pounds, nor lefs than twenty (hill-genuine, jngS> as t^c magiftrate or magiftrates, justice or jufticcs, before toCforfcit n<* whom any fuch offender or offenders shall be convi&ed, shall exceeding 5I. think fit and order, every time he, (lie, or they, lhall fo offend, nor left thro and be convicted.

Where bread	XXIV, And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid,

(hall be made That if any person or persons who fliall make any bread for fale, under weight, or who fend out, or fell, or expofe to or for fale, any bread, shall at any time from and after the faid twenty ninth day of Septem-ber% make, fend out, fell, or expofe to or for fale, any bread which shall be deficient in weight, according to the aflize which shall be fet for any fuch bread, from time to time to be fold ar, the offender ift purfuance of this a<ft, he, (he, or they, fo offending in the proforfeits not ex- miffes, and being thereof convidled in manner herein after pre-ceeding 5s nor fcrjbed of any fuch offence, shall forfeit and pay a fum not foe every oz. exceeding ^ve shillings, nor lefs than one (hilling, for every deficient, ounce of bread which fliall at any time be wanting or deficient in and if under the weight every fuch loaf ought to be of; and for every loaf of an oz. not e*- bread which shall be found wanting lefs than an ounce of the

nor lei? than we,6^t l^e ^ame oug^t to be of, a fum not exceeding two (hifl* 6d.	'	mgs and fix pence, nor lefs than fix pence; as any fuch raagf-

ftrateormagiftratesjuflice or juftices, before whom any fuch bread which fliall nor be of the.due weight the fame ought to be, shall be brought, shall think fit or order, fo as fuch bread which (hall

C'ied fuch be complained of as wanting at any time in the weight the fame com- ought to be of, in any city, town corporate, borough, liberty, dr ul^ny city franchife, or the jurikliQion thereof, or within the weekly bills town coi po* of mortality, fliall from time to time be brought before fome rate, or bo magiflrate or magiftrates, justice or juftices, having jurifdifticm rough* in the premiffes, and shall be weighed before fuch magiftrate or foreVlfema15!" mag^ratesi>juft*ce orjuftices, within twenty four hours after the ftr&te, within1 * ^aaie shall have been baked, fold, or expofed to or for fale; and *4 hours after fo as fuch bread which shall be complained of as wanting at any the feme shall time in the weight the fame ought to be of, in any hundred, wexpofedto*	divifion, liberty, rape, wapentake, or place, shall from

fale; •	time

 CjOOQle

17584] Anno tricesimo primo GeoRGH II. 1. ap;	337

tim* to time be brought before fome justice or juftices of the and if in any

peace of fuch hundred, riding, divifion, liberty, rape, or wapen-

take, or other place, and shall be weighed before fuch justice or &c.* "

juftices within three days after the fame shall have been baked, within 3#dayt

fold, or expofed to or for fale; unlefs it shall be made out to the of the baking,

fatisfaCtioft of any fuch magiftrate or magiftrates, justice or ju- ^lefs fuchcUs

ftices, by or on the behalf of the party or parties againft whom ficiency arofe*

any fuch complaint or information shall be made, that fuch de- from fome im-

ficiency in weight wholly arofe from fome unavoidable accident avoidable ac-

in baking, or otherwise, or was occafioned by or through fome Clde/].t:» or

.	r	a	J	b	contrivance or

contrivance or confederacy.	#	confederacy.

XXIV.	And be ir further enaCted by the authority aforefaid,

That from and after the faid twenty ninth day of September, every All bread

perfon who shall make for fale, or fell, expofe, or fend out, to or made for fale,

for fale, any fort of bread whatsoever, (hall, from time to time,1S

caufe to be fairly imprinted or marked on every loaf of each m e 5

refpcCttve fort of bread which he, (he, or they, shall make or

fell, or carry out, or expofe to or for fale, the roman letters

herein after-mentioned; that is to fay. Upon every loaf of the wbeaten

bread which shall be made, fold, carried out, or expofed to or w,th a

for fale, as wheaten bread, a large roman W; and upon every wf^nd^ouf-.

loaf of bread which shall be made, fold, carried out, or expofed hold witlfH,

to or for fale, as houfchold or brown bread, a large roman H;

and that every person who shall make for fale, or’(hall fell, carry

out, or expbfe to or for fale, any loaf of any fort of breads which

ihall be allowed to be made in purfuance of this aft, which (hall

not be marked purfuant to the directions of this aCt, fo as the in order to af-

fame may, on the view thereof, be afeertained, from time to cc*,ta,“ undc!*

time, under what denomination or fort of bread eveiy fuch loaf „a^on

was made, and ought to be weighed (except as to fuch loaves made, and

which shall be rafped after the befpeaking or purchafing thereof, ought to be

by the particular defire of any person who shall order the fame weighed,

to be fo rafped, for his, her, or their own ufe or ufes) (hall, for

every time he, (he, or they, shall offend in the premiffes, and 20s. nor left *

be thereof convicted in manner herein after preferibed, forfeit and than 5s.

pay a fum not exceeding twenty shillings, nor lefs than five

lhillings, as any magiftrate or magiftrates, justice or juftices, be*

fore whom the offender shall be convicted, shall direct, for every

loaf of bread not marked as hereby is directed.

XXV.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, Baker; de-That from and after the faid twenty ninth day of September, no manding or baker, or other person or perforis, shall a(k, demand, or take, taking* higher for any bread which he, (he, or they, shall fell, or expofe to or what the for fale, any greater or higher price than fuch bread (hal! be af- famefoall be certained to be fold for or at by the courts magiftrate or magi- fet at by the ftrates, or juftices, hereby authorized to fet the price and afiizc affize*

of bread, within their refpeCtive jurisdictions; and that no baker, r/uto anyper-or other person who shall make any bread for fale, shall refufe or fon any of the decline to Tell any loaf or loaves of any of the forts of bread forts allowed which, in purfuance of this aCt, shall be allowed or ordered to ordered to be made, to any person or persons who shall tender ready mo- ma c * Vol. XXII.	Z	ney,	'

338	AnAotriceftmo	primoGEoRGii	II.	c.29.'

ney inpayment for the fame, at or for the price fach bread, by the aflfze which shall have been fet in refpedt thereof, (hail be when he shall fixed at, or afeertained to be fold for, when any fuch baker, or lmve more other person who shall make bread for fale, shall hare any loaf i^foi ?mme- °f anY fuch bread in his or their houfe, bakehoufe, (hop, or 4hneufeof his pofleuion, to be fold, more than shall be requifife for the hn-family orcu- mediate necefliry ufe of his, her, or their own family, or cuf-ftomers; tomers; and which it shall be incumbent on fuch oaker, or other person who shall be complained of, for refuting or dedin* in* to fell any fuch bread, to prove before the magiftrate or magiftrates, justice or juftices, to wliom any fuch complaint (halt be made, if thereunto required by the party or parties who shall forfeits not make any fuch complaint; upon pain that every person who exceeding40s. shall be convicted of any fuch offence, in manner herein after no:* lets than preferibed, shall forfeit and pay a fum not exceeding forty (hil-,0St	lings, nor le‘sthan ten shillings, as the magiftrate or magiftrates,

juffice or juftices, before whom any fuch offender or offenders shall be convi&ed, shall think fit and order, every time he, (he, r	or they, shall fo offend and be convi&ed.

Bread of acv XXVI. Provided further, and it is hereby HkeWife enabled, interior qunii- That from and after the laid twenty ninth day of September, no Perfon shall fell, of offer to fale, any bread of an inferior qua-fold°at a high- to wheaten bread, at a higher price than houfehold bread er price thau shall be fet at by the aflize; and if any person shall offend in the Jiouthold	premifles, he shall forfeit and pay for every fuch offence, 09

bread » (etat, ^ejng convi&ed thereof, either by his, her, or their Confeffinn, •n penalty of or by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, be* ao».	fore any magiftrate or magiftrates, iuftice or juftices, within

whofe jurifdi&ion any fuch offence (nail have been committed, the sum of twenty (hillings.

XXVII. And, that the good defign of this ftatutemay be the more effe<9ualiy accomplilhed, be it further ena&ed by the au-Magtftrates, thority aforefaid. That from and after the faid twenty ninth day iutticcs> of September, it shall be lawful for any magiftrate or magiftrates, Krlyau^ justice or juftices of the peace, within the limits of their rpfpec-thonzed, may tive jurifdi&iond, and alfo for any peace officer or officers, sweater in the thorized by warrant under the hand and feal, or hands and feale, hayrimflltI,e	anYfuch magiftrateor magiftrates, juffice or juftices ;and which

&cof baker*. warrant anY fuch magiftrate or magiftrates, justice or juftices, « andfearchfor) and are hereby impowered to grant; at feafonable times in the and weigh, day time, to enter into any houfe, (hop, ftall, bakehoufe, ware* thc bread	houfe, or outhoufe, of or belonging to any baker, or .fdler of

therein;	bread, to fearchfor, view, weigh, and try, all or any the bread

which shall be there found: and if any bread, on any fitch fearch, shall be found to be wanting either in thegoodne&of the and may feize (luff whereof the fame shall be made, or to be deficient in the fuch as iha.ll be due baking or working thereof, or shall be wanting in the due weight, or shall not be truly marked according to the directions due bak?ng,’	°f this aCt, or shall be of any other fort of bread than shall be

or weight,	allowed to be made by virtue of this adt ; any fuch magiftrate or

or not proper- magiftrates, juffice or juftices, peace officer or peace officers, ty marked,	within



175**1 Anno tricfcfiftio prime* Gborgii IL c. 29*	339

within the limits of their refpe&ive jurifdiAions, may feize the or of any dif-feme and any fuch magiftrate or magiftrates, justice or juftices, fort may diCpofc thereof as he or they* in his or their difererion, ed of,** *U°W~ /hail think fit.	and dVpofe

XX Vill. And be h farther ensured by the authority aforefaid, thereot atthek Tbit if, at any time after the faid twenty ninth of September, dUcrction. information (ball be given, on oeth, to any magiftrate or magi-ratiter0 meal-ftratesv justice or juftices of the peace, that there is rcafortabfe^a^oV baker, cade to fafpcdl that any miUer who grinds any grain for toll or shall be fuf. reward, or any person or persons who doth or do drefs, bolt, or P*8®d of. in any wife manufacture any meal or flour for fale, or any ma-leer of bread for (ale* within the limits of the jurifdiCtion of any	0	#

fuch magiftrate or ntagiftrates, justice or juftices, doth or do mix up with, or put into, any meal pr flour ground or manui fa&ured for fete, any mixture* ingredient, or thing whatfoever, not the genuine produce of the grain fuch meal or flour shall import and ought to be, or whereby the purity of any meal or flour, in the pofleffion of any fuch miller, mcaiman, or baker; is or ffiall be in any wife adulterated; then, and in everv fuch the magiftrate cafe, it (hail be lawful for any fuch magiftrate or magistrates, justice or juftices, and dfo for any peace officer or officers, au- ^S^thereof ihortfted by warrant or warrants to him or them direfled, under on oath, may the hand and feal, er hands and feals, of any magiftrate or ma- enter the pre* giftrat**, justice or juftices, within the limits of their refpedtive	fucli

lurifdkaicms: and which warrant or warrants every fuch magi-ftrate and vragtftratts, juftke and juftices, is and are hereby im- an<j make 9 powered to grant ; at all feafonable times in the daytime, to fearch, or may eater into any houfe, mill, (hop, bake-houfe, ftall, bolting- g™* * fcarch houfe, paftry, warehoufe, or out-houfe, of or belonging to any fuch miller, meatman, or baker, and to fearch and examine whe- officerV ther any mixture, ingredient, or thing, not the genuine produce of the grain fuch meal or flour shall import and ought to be,

{hall have been mixed up with, or put into, any meal or flour in thepofleffion of any fuch miller, mealman, or baker, either ka the grinding of any grain at the mill, or in the drelfing, bolting, or manufacturing thereof, or whereby the purity of any meal orflour is or (hail be in any wife adulterated ? and if on any *nd «*eal fucb fearch it shall appear that any offence hath beencommirted ^ in any mill, bolting-houfe or other place allowed to be fearch- etj to have ed, contrary to the true intent of this a<ft 5 then, and in every been adultera-fuchcafe, it shall and may be lawful to and for any magiftrate rcjl» ™ar h® or cnagtftrates, justice or juftices of the peace, officer or officers, authorized as aforefaid refpetfwety, within the limits of theit" miVturcs and refpe&ive jtnrtfdidion, to feize and fake any meal or fldur which iner edients * {ball be deemed, on any foeb fearch, urhav* been adulterated, if fet^ed by a and att miNturesnncI ingredients which shall be found and deem-cd to have been ufed, or intended to be ufed, in or for any fuch JljJjJ }£fgre ar~ adulteration; and fuch thereof as shall be feized by any peace magiftrate $ officer or officers authorized as aforefaid, (hail, with all convenient fpeed, after feizure tl>ereof, be carried to fbme magiftrate ]or raagiftratts, juftke or juftices of the peace, within rhe limits

Z 2	of

340	Anao	tricefimo	primo	Georqji II. Ci 19.	[175&

if toted by of whofe jurisdiction the fame Shall have teen fo feized^ andif a*y thence magistrate or magistrates, juflice or juftioes of the peace, who by tonvto be	Bukc	any	Seizure	in	purfuaocc	of	this	adt, or to whom

adulterated, any thing feized under the authority of this aft shall be brought, (ball adjudge that any mixture or ingredient*, not thwgcouine produce of the grain any fuch meal or flour which- (haH have been fo feized, mall import and ought to be, shall haveput into any fuch. meal or flour, or that the purity of any fuch. mcaknr flour lo feized, was adulterated by any. mixture.) or ingredient he may difpofe put therein; then, and in any fuch cafe,, every fuchmagiftratc thereof a* he or magiflrates, juflice or jufticeB, is-and are hereby required.} thinks proper} within the limits of their refpedtive jurisdiction, to difpofewf the fame as he or they, in his or their diferedon, Shall} £iroh>t*me to time, think proper.	•	■

and the miller, XXIX. And be it further ena&ed by the authority .afoM&d, meatman, or That every miller, meatman, baker, or feller of bread aaafore-baker, in faid, in whofe houfe, mill. Shop* bake-houfe, flail, jboltipg* mu"* houfe, paltry, warehoufc, out-hou(e, or pofleffion, any mixture turn or ingno* or ingredient Shall be found, which (hail be adjudged by any dimt* OtaAbe magiftrate or magiflrates, juflice or juflices, to havebeealodg-found, and	ed.there, with an intent to have adulterated the purity of meal,

be intended	^°ur> w bread, Shall, on being oonvi&ed of anv fuch offence,

to be ufed in	e**ber by his, her, or their own confeflion, or by theoarhof

adulterating, one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, before any fuch rtw* it to forfeit giflrate or magiflrates, juflice or juflices of the peace, writbia upon convic- wj,0fe jurifdidtion any fuch offence Shall have been committed, not exceeding forfeit and pay for every fuch offence, a fum not exceeding tan joL nor lefc 8 pounds, nor lefs than forty shillings, as the magiftrate or magi* thap 40 >.	States, juflice or juflices, before whom any fuch offender or of*

unlefs it be	fenders shall be convidted, shall think fit and order; uni els the

made appear, party or parties charged with any fuch offence, shall make.it ap» that the fame pear to the (atisfadtion of the magiftrate or magiflrates, juflice ed there with orjuft*ccs> who shall find or feize any fuch mixture or ingreth* fuch huenti. ents» or before whom the fame Shall be brought, that fuch mix-on, but for Jure or ingredients was or were not brought or lodged where fome other the lame was or were found or feized, with any defign or intent lawful pur- t0 have been put into any meaLor flour, or to have adulterated P° c ’	therewith the purity of any meal or flour, but that the lame

was in the place or. places in which the fame shall have been and part of the fPUQd or feized as aforefaid, for fome other lawful purpofc 1 and forfeiture may it shall and may be lawful for the magiftrate or magistrates ,,-jttf--be-applied in tice or juflices, before whom any fu«h offender shall be coovidt-puhhflung the cd, out of the money forfeited, when recovered, to caufe the name place offerer's name, place of .abode, and offence, to be published of abode, and iQ fome news paper which Shall be printed or published in or the offence, near the county, city, or place, where any fuch offence shall have been committed.

_ ,	.	XXX.	And	be	it	further	enabled by the authority aforefaid,

ftruaing or That if any person or perions shall wilfully .ofa&udk or -hinder oppofing any any fearch as herein before is authorized to be made, or.the fei-fearob or fei- zure of any bread*, or of any ingredients which flMlLjta found sure** afore.	on



*758'] Anno trioefimo prirao Groko-ii U. c. 29.	941

<manyfachfearch, and deemed to have been lodged with an in- faid*are to lenttoadukerate the purity or wholefomenefs of meal, floor, or ****** «>*«*>■ breads or shall wilfully oppofe or refift any fuch fearcb being ^ i^^an made, or the carrying away any fuch ingredients as aforefaid, or a0s. any bread which shall be feized, as not being made purfuant to this he; Ate, or they, fo doing or offending in any of the cafes afore&id, (hall, on being convifted thereof in manner hcrem < after prefcribed, forfeit and pay for every offence fuch fam* not exceeding five pounds, nor lefs than twenty shillings, as the magiftratc or magiftrates, juft ice or juftices, before whom any fuoh offender or offenders shall be convicted, shall think fit, and order;

XXXL Provided always, and be it further cnadted by the au* Any miller, thority aforefaid. That no person who shall follow, or be con* |*ie*,mani»or earned in, the bufinefs of a miller, meatman, or baker, shall be ? to%ata capable of afting, or shall be allowed to aft, as a magiftratc, magiftrateor or juftide of the peace, under this aft, or in putting in execu-juihce in the-tion any<of the powers in or by this aft granted ; and if any miller, nftealman, or baker, shall prefume fo to do, he or they	toVhis

fo offending in the premifles, (hall, for every fuch offence, for* mfonner. feit and pay the sum of fifty pounds to any person or persons who will inform or fue for the fame; to be recovered in any of Method of * his Majefty*s courts of record at Wejiminfter, by aftion of debt, recovery, bill* plaint, or information ; wherem no eflbin, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; or by way of ftiwawary complaint before the court of fdfion in that part of Qtear Britain called Scotland.

XXXII.	Provided always, and be italfo enafted by the author Where any 1 rity aforefaid, That if any person who shall carry on or follow baker (hau^oii the trade of a baker, (hall, at any tome after the twenty ninth co^^natf a day of iStptem&er, make complaint to anymagiftrate or tnagit> thaftfe ftraets, justice or juftices of the peace, within their jurifdiftion, offence he was end make appear to them, by the oath of any credible witnefs* charged with, thhrany offence, which any fuch person who shall fo carry on 81,(1 or follow the find trade of a baker shall have been charged with, £^af, by* and shall have incurred and paid any penalty under this aft, the wilful del fhttll haVe been occafioned by or through the wilful negleft or fault of his default of any journeyman or other fervant employed by or uni journeyman der any fuch person who shall fo follow or carry on the faid or torvant» trade of a baker; then, and in any fuch cafe, any fuch magi- thc magiffrats ftrate or magiftrates, justice or juftices, may and are hereby re* shall iflue his quired to iffoe out his or theie warrant, under his or their reipec* warrant for * tive hands and feals, for briogiogany fuch journeyman or fer* apprehending yarn beforehny fuch magiftrate or magiftrates, justice or juftices,thc * or anymfegiArate orjuftieeof the county^city, riding, divifion, or platfe, terae the oflfender can be found ; and, on any foch journeyman or fervant being thereupon apprehended, and brought before any foch magiftratc on magiftrates, justice or juftices, he or they, wahintheir refpeftivc jurifdiftions, is and are hereby autboristodaftd required to examine into the matter of fuch com* pfaunt; ag&on pttof thereof being upon o^tfa, to the fatisfac* and uponcon* r	*	zy	tionvia^ortb*

 v^oogle

be pai

mallei

342	'Anno	tnceltmo primo GSorgii If. d. *9.

offence, (ball tion of any fuch magi Ante or ma^iftraccs, j office or juftioat of decree a rea- tj,e	who ihall hear (uch'faid complaint, then any fifth

«>rnp«nce"to magiftrate or magiftrates, justice or juftices, ra and are hereby >aid to the direfted and authorized by any order under his or their refpec-tive hand or hands, to adjudge and order what reafooaUo Cm of money shall be paid by any fuch journeyman or (erratic to hh in after or miftrefs, as or by way of rsoomjwnce to him or her; for the money he or (he shall have paid by reafbn of thervilfid negleft or default of any fuch journeyman or (errant: atid if any fuch journeyman or fervant (nail negleft or rsfbfe, on hie con* vision, to make itfimodiate payment of the sum of money which any fuch magiftrate or magiftrates, justice or juftices, ftutil order him tb pay by reafon of fuch his faid wilful negleft or default; then any fiich magiftrate or magiftrates, justice or juftices, witfc-in their refpeftive jurifdi&ions, ie and are hereby author!md and required, by warrant under his or tbeir hands and feals, to caufe every fuch journeyman or fervant to be apprehended and committed tb the hoUfe of correction, or fome other prifen of

r»

and on 'non-payment thereof, shall commit the offender;

to be kept to hard labour

««Exceeding,he county, riding, divifion, city, town oorporate, borough,<* one month, 6 place, in which any fuch journeyman or fervant shall be appro un left payment be fooner made.

bended bf convicted, to be there kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one Calendar month from the time of fuch commitment, as to fuch magiftrate or magiftrates, justice or juftices, shall feem reafonable, unlefs payment (hail be made of the money ordered after fuch commitment, and before the expiration of the faid term of one calendar month.

XXXIII. 'And, for the better and more recovery of the fr> veral penalties and forfeitures to be incurred by difobedience to this bit, and tlye powers herein contained, and difptftng of the money Stdied shall be forfeited by breach or nOn-obftrvanct of any part of tbit	j

411 offences be it further enacted by the authority aforenid. That it shall and •gainttthisa&maybe lawful to and for the mayor of the faid city of London for ***}]?* he*.rd the time being, or any alderman of the (aid city, within the faid edina fum” t*ty or J‘^ert*e* (hereof 5 and to and for any other of his Maje-maiy way, by fty’s juftices of the peace, of any one of them, within their ro macjftrates	fpeftive counties, ridings, divifions, cities, towns oorporete, bb-

W'fcw> t'ie'* roughs, liberties, or jurifdiftions, to hear and determine^ fn a [untiiabns. fummary way, all offences committed ogainft the tlue intent Lff . "and meaning of this aft; and, for that purpofe, to fumtnon b$-be furamon^f°rc them, or any of them, within their refpeftive jurifdiftiobs, any party or parties accufed of being an offender or offenders and not ap- againft the titic intent and meaning of this aft: and in cafe the pearing there- party accufed shall not appear on fuch fummons, or offer fooe to, or offering reafonable excufe for his default; then', upon oath by any ttf* exc*ufe!rnay*bedible	of any offence committed contrary to the true ih-

apprehended. tent and meaning of this aft, any fuch magiftrate or magtftmfee, justice or juftices, shall iffue his or their warrant or warrants for apprehending" the offender or offenders within the jurifiJiftion of any fuch magiftrate or magiftrates; justice or juftices: and upoti the appearance of the parry or parties accufed, or, in cafe he or they shall riot appear, on notice being given to, or left for, him v	•	•	2	'	op

Matter of the complaint to be enquired ijxto upon



175* ] Anno triccfirao primo Georgii II. c. zg.	343

pr them, at bis or their ufual place of abode, or if he or they oa th, and ex-cannot be apprehended on a warrant granted againft him or them	ot

as herein before is directed; then, and in any fuch cafe, any W1 ne fiich magiftrate or magiftrates, justice or juftices, is and are ‘ hereby authorised and required to proceed to make inquiry touching *he matters complained of, and to examine any wit~ oefs or witnefies, who shall be offered on either fide, on oath, as aforefaid, and which every fuch magiftrate or magiftrates, juft ice or juftices, is and are hereby authorised, im powered, and required, to adminifter; and, after hearing of the parties *n£the whoihall appear, and the witnefles who shall be offered on either ^^V^cquUed fide, fuch magiftrate or magiftrates, justice or jufticei, shall con- thereupon. viA, or acquit, the party or parties accused: and if the penalty, The penalty Or money forfeited, on any fuch convi&ipn, shall not be paid on n0I?P*y-within the (paccof twenty four hours after any fuch conviAion, whhin 24^°^ pvery fuch magiftrate or magiftrates, justice or juftices, shall hours, 4 thereupon ifluc a warrant or warrants under bis band and feal, or their hands and teals, refpeAively, direAed to any peace offi- . ccror officers within their refpe&ive jurildiAions, impowering him or than to make diftrefs.of the goods or chattels of the on 2Jej fender or offenders; and if any offender shall convey away his and if the Roods out of the jurifdiAion of any fuch magiftrate or magU goods and fixates, justice or juftices, before whom he was conviAed, or fo chattels of the much thereof that the penalty oannot be levied, then fome ma- Parfy I1 be giftratc or justice within whole jurifdiAion the offender shall have	iar£

removed his goods, shall back the warrant granted by any fuch diftion, the * magiftrate or juftice, magiftrates or juftices; and thereupon the magiftrate penalty forfeited, shall be levied on the offender’s goods and thereof *•to

thereof; and if within five day. from the diftrtfs being taken, the money forfeited shall not be paid, ancj the d»f-the goods feinen shall be appraifed and fold, rendering the over* trefs, if not replus (if any) after deducing the penalty or forfeiture, and the deemed with; cofts and charges of the profecution, dlftrefs, and fale, to the jjj a nraif-* .owner; which charges shall be ascertained by the magiftrate or ed andPioldj" magiftrates, justice or juftices, before whom any fuch offender and all char* or offenders shall have bocti fo conviAed, or by the magiftrate or g*»» **er justice who backed the warrant, if cither of them (halfcontinuc alive; and if not, by fome other magiftrate or justice of the b^dedu^ed county, riding, divifion, city, or place, in which the offender thereout 5 shall have been conviAed; and for want of fuchdiftrefs, then every and	want

fueb magiftrate or justice within whoferefpeAive jurifdiAion any cf diftrrfTthe fuch offender or offenders shall refide or be, (hall, on the appli- offender is to cation of any profecutor or profecutors, and proof made of the be committed convi&ian and nonpayment of the penalty and charges, by war- for 1 month* rant under his hand and feal, commit every fuch offender or gf-fenders to the commongaol or houfe of corrcAion of the city or county, riding, divifion, or place, where fuch offender or offenders shall be found; there to remain for the fpace qf one calen* dar month from the time of fuch commitment, unlefs, after fuch wnlefs pay* commitment, payment shall be made of the (aid penalty or for- 'ne,,t °c , feature, oofts and charges, before the expiration of (he faid one ooncr ,na c*

Z 4	calendar



3*4

Anno tridcfimo prime? Gb$*©ii H.c. tfgft [i 75$$

calendar month; and all fuck penalties andforfdtfjbsy vbdi recovered, (hat) be paid to the informer.	CL

Power to fum- XXXIV. Andbe it further erased by the authority aforefaid, mon material That if it shall be made out by the oath of aftycrowblejperfon evi ences, or per^ons to /atisfadtion of any magiftrate or magiftrates, justice or juftices, that any one within the jurifdidion of any fuctv magiftrate or magiftrates, jufticc >or juftices,<js likely to give or. offer material evidence on behalf of the profecutor of any offender or offenders againft the true intent and meaning of this a ft, or on behalf of the perform or persons accufed, and will \ not voluntarily appear before fuch magiftrate or magiftrates, justice or juftices, to be examined, and give his, her, or their evidence concerning the premises* every fuch magiftrate or rira-giftrates, justice or juftices, is and arc hereby authorized and required to iflue his or their furamons to convene ever* fuch r	witnefs and witneffes before any fuch magiftrate or magistrates,

‘ jufticeor juftices, at fuch feafonable time as in fuch futmntas and of com-, shall be fixed ; and if any person fo futnmoned shall negledt or refufe to appear at the time by fuch fummoas appointed, and dear, fuch as^ 00 excufe shall be offered for fuch negieft or refufal, then ihall not ap- (after proof by oath of fuch fummons having been duly fenred upon the party or parties fo fummoned) every fuch magiftrate and magiftraies, justice and juftices, is and are hereby authorized and required to iffue his or their warrant under his. hand and fealj.or their hands and feats, to bring every fuch witnefs dr witneffes before any fuch magiftrate or magiftrates, justice m juftices i and on the appearance of any fuch witnefs before any fuefi magiftrate or magiftrates, justice or juftices, every fuch war giftratc or magiftrates, justice or juftices, is and are hereby an* 'n,..	tborized and impowered to examine upon oath every fuch vrit-

nefs: and if any fuch witnefs on his or her appearance, or am being brought before any fiich magiftrate or magiftrates, justice '	or juftices, shall refufe to be examined on oath concerning the

nremiffesj, without offering any juft excufe for fuch refufal, any and onrtfufel, tuck magiftrate or magiftrates, justice or juftices, within theii-withowt loft : mits of his or their jurifdidtion, may, by warrant under his hand and feal, or their hands .and feals, commit any person or persons fo refufing to be examined, to the public prifon of the county, riding»,divifion, city, liberty, or place, in which the person or persons fo refufing to be examined shall be, there to remain for any time not exceeding fourteen days,' nor lefs than three days, as any fuch magiftrate or magiftrates, justice or days, but not juftices, (half direft.

left than 3. XXXV. And be it further cna&ed by the authority afbrefiud, WdrawnucT That t^e magiftrate or magiftrates, justice or juftices, before ,»n the follow- whom any person shall be convi&ed, in manner preferibedby form. this a<ft, (haU caufe fuch refpe&ive oonvi&ion to be drawnup in the forms or to the effeft following (that is.tp fay)'

pear upon ihm’mons.

Witnefiet to be examined tmojxb i

cauft fliewn,

suy be committed for 14.

\

l!”r

-in

Tt

 

x fsfi-. 1 Anno trioefima ptimo Gbokgii II. c. 49;	345

(To	remembered,	Thatenthis	day

JD tf	in	tbt ■ year of the reign if

,	A.	B.	is	convbfted before	Maje~

jiffs juftices of the peace for the fend county of or for the	riding or divifion of the county of

v	or	for	the city, liberty, or town of

- (as-the cafe shall happen to be) for	and ■

• da adjudge him, her (or them) to pay andforfeit for the fame,	the sum of

Given tinder	the day

and year aforefaid.

XXXVI. And be it further enafted by the authority afore- Noconviftion, findt That no Certiorari, letters of advocation, or of fufpenfion or other pro-Shall be granted to remove any conviction, or other proceedings f'eding»*T*y bad thereon in purfuance of this aft.	wcEw.ri

- -XXXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted Sec.	*

by the authority aforefaid, That if any person convifted of any Perfon s ag-offence punifhable by this aft, shall think him, her, or them- grieved by fife felves, aggrieved by the judgement of the magiftrate or magi- lodgement of, flrates, justice or juftices, before whom he, (he, or they, shall have been convifted, fuch person lhall have liberty, from time appeal to’thef totime, to appeal to the juftices at the next general or quarter next general' icffions of the peace, which shall be held for the county, riding, ®r quarter fef-efivifion, city, liberty, town, or place, where fuch judgement shall "on*' have been given, and that the execution of the (kid judgement, and execution (hall, in fuch cafe, be fufpended; the person fo convifted, en- pfiudgenvettt tering into a recognizance at the time of fuch conviftion, with two Efficient fureties in double the fum which fuch perlon (haH ^ have been adjudged to pay or forfeit, upon condition to profe- Appellantkto cute fuch appeal with effeft, and to be forthcoming to abide the enter.“to rejudgement and determination of the juftices at their bid ndtft	feoi-

general or general quarter feflions } which recognizance the ma- nty, to profe-giftrate or magistrates,- justice or juftices, before whom fuch cute the ap-

conviftion shall be had, is and are hereby impowered and re-	eft,

quired to take; and the juftices in the faid general or generSl	"

quarter feflions are hereby authorized and requireiPto heat and fticet-in their

finally determine the matter of every fuch appeal, 4nd to award faid feflions fuch cofts as to them shall appear juft and reafonable to be paid are to hear by either party: and if, upon hearing the faid appeal, (fie judgei-mentof the magiftrate or magiftrates, iuftice orjuftieds, before fbefeof, arf<F whom the appellant or appellants (hail have been cbnvifted, award colt*' shall be affirmed, fuch appellant or appellants shall immediately thereupon. . pay down the fum he, (he, or they, thall have been adjudged to forfeit, together with fuch cofts, as the juftices in their (aid	the:

general or general quarter feflions, shall award-to-be paid to the appeWanrf boo profccutor or informer, for defraying the expehces (iiftaihed by p*y dtf*b'*tfe reafon of any fueh appeal; and in default of thCappellant’s pay- ^j['‘ture ing the fame, any two fuch juftices, or any one magiftrate or “j**n default justice of the peace, having jurifdiftion in the place into which is to be com. any fuch appellant or appellants lhall cfcape, or where he, (he, mitted.

or

 LiOOQle

34&	Anno	tricefimo	prinaa<aSOft<Jli H. c.a£.	£175(4

or they, shall r elide, shall and msty, by warrant under dnr. hands and (cals, or his hand and leal, commit every fochap* pellant and appellants to the common gaol of the county, city, riding, divifion, or place, where he, .(he, or they, (haH be apprehended, until he, (he, or they, shall make payment of fuch penalty, and of the cpfts and charges which (ball be adjudged on the conviction, to the informer; but if the appellant or ap-lf the judge, pellants in any fuch appeal shall make, good Ids,, her, or their ment be re- appeal, and be difcharged of the faid Conviction, mafonable cofts Verft|j'*nd.the shall be awarded to the appellant or appellants againft fuch in-dUcharged of f°rmer or infprtrters, who would (in cafe of fuch conviction) theconvic- have been intitled to the penalty to have been recovered asafore-tion, cofts are faid; and which cofts shall and may be recovered by the ap-to be awarded pellant or appellants againft any fuch informer or informers, ns agaiilftthe^n- maoner M cofts given at any geaeral or general quarter fcf* former. lions of the' peace, are recoverable.	1

If the convic. XXXVIIT. Provided aMo, and be it further enaded by the tion thall bap. authority aforedtid. That if any fuch conviction shall happen t» pen to be be made within foe days before any general or genera] quarter ’fthinf fl-day* ^e®ons the peace which shall beheld for the county*, ruiltiig, ®p‘1 ^a‘°ns’ divifion, city, town, corporate, borough, or place,, where foch then be made conviction shall have been made, then the party or partita who. to the feffions shall think him, her, or themfelvcs aggrieved by any fudwjon-lollowmg. viction, shall and may, on entering intoa recognisance in manner and for the purports before directed, be at liberty to<appeal either to the then next or the next following general or general quarter feflions of the peace, which shall be held for any fuch county, riding, divifion, city, town corporate, borough, liberty, or place, where any fuch conviction shall have been made. Limitation of XXXIX. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefiud, aftions againft That every adionor (tut which shall be brought or commenced ur***’ a6a‘n^ any magiftrate or magiftrates, justice or juftices, or any and ptac^of- peace officer or officers, for any matter or thing done or couunit-ficerss" ' ted by virtue of, or under this *&, shall be commenced within fix months next after the (a& committed, and not afterwards; and shall be laid or brought in the county,, city, or {dace, where the matter in difpute (hail arife, and not elsewhere ; and thar the ftatute made in the twenty fburthyear of his peefimt-Maje* Aft of u Geo fty’8 reign> intituled, An 08 for rendering thejeffiitet of theptmt a. extended to mre	fif**» execution of their office; and for indemnifrm ttn-

magiftrates	Jiables, and others, ailing in ohodientt to their tuarnmlry fa&r aa

andjultices the faid aeft relates to the rendering the juftioes noore fafo in tbe authority 0? cxccut*on °f their office, (ball extend and be conftrued to extend this aft. to the magiftrate and magiftrates^ justice and juftices of the peace, ailing under the authority or in purfuance of this a<ft j j days notice and that no a&ion or fuit shall be had or commenced againft, to be given to nor shall any writ be filed out, or copy of any writ be finned pace officers, upon, any peace officer or officers, for any thing done in the ine out any execu,lon of this ad, until feven days after a notice in writing affion againft shall have been given to or left for him orthem, at his or their tnem. ufual place of abode, by the attorney for tbc party intending to

»	com*

>75^*3 Ann© tricesimo primo Giorgii II. c. 49.	347

eotbmence fitch adtion 5 which notice in writing shall contain Notice to con* thu name and place of abode of the perion intending to bringtai? fuch adtion, and alio of hi* attorney, and likewife the caufe of profecutof mS&onor complaint: and any peace officer or officers shall be at and'bis attor-liberty, and may, by virtue ot this a«5t, at any time within (even ney, and caufe days after any Rich notice shall have been given to, or left for, °ffl?ct,on-him, tender, or caufe to be tendered, any fum or fums of mo* thereupon y ney, as amends for the injury complained of, to the party com* make tender plaining, or to the attorney named in any fuch notice; and, if of amends 1 the fame is not aooepted of, the defendant or defendants in any ®nd P,rad *** fuch action orations may plead fuch tender in bar of fuch ac* th^ene^ tkm or a&ions, together with the general iffiie, or any other rai iffue, &c. plea, with leave or the court in which the adtion shall be com* in bar ot fad* snenced $ and if, upon iffiie joined on fuch tender, the jury action, ihall find the amends tendered to have been fufficient, they mall find a verdid for the defendant or defendants: and in every fuch cafe, or if the plaintiff shall become nonfuit, or difeonti-nue his adtion j or tf judgement (hail be given for the defendant or defendants upon demurrer; or if any adtion or fuit shall be brought after the time limited by this ad for bringing the fame, or shall be brought in any other county ot (dace than at ofbreftid j then, and in any fuch cafe, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and the defendant or defendants shall be infilled to his or their cofts: but if the jury shall find, that Defendant re. ito filch tendtr was made, or that the amends tendered were not covering to be fitfficiem, or shall find againft the defendant or defendants, on allowed his any plea or pleas by him or them pleaded; they shall then give	|jr	L

a Verdi<ft for the plaintiff, and fucb damages as they shall think ,ering,intitled proper j and the plaintiff shall thereupon recover his pads againft to damages every (uch defendant and defendants.	and softs.

XL. And be it Anther enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That if any aftion or fuit shall .be commenced againft any per- Perfon* feed fen or persons for any thing done in purfuance of this adt, the	tto

defendant or defendants in any fuch action or fuit may plead the general UTue 1 general iffiie, and give this am, and the (pedal matter, in evi- 6 denoe, at any trial to be had thereupon; and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this a<3: and if it shall appear fo to have been done, or ua verdid shall be recorded for the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff (ball be nonfuited, or difeontinue his action, after die defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or if judgement (hallbe.given, upon a verdkft or demurrer, againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs 5 the defendant or defendants-in every (uch aftion shall and may recover treble coftsj and have the like remedy for the feme as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes by law for recovery of his, her, or their cofts.

‘ XLI. Provided always, That no person shall be convifted, in manner aforefaid, for any of the before-mentioned offences, tinlefs the profecution, in order to fuch conviftion, be commenced within three days next after the offence committed.

r ............. • ■ ' - XLU. Pro-

/

and obtaining a verdict, re-cover treble cofts.

Profecution to be commenced within 3 days after tin offence.



in the city and liberty of Weftminfter $

J48	Anno	tricefimo prirooG$oRGn II.

General re- XLII. Provided also, and.beJt cnaded, That this ad, or iervation of any thing herein contained, Audi not extend to prejudice any ri& u* right or cuftom of the city of Lends** or thepractice there uted, or any right or cuftom of any lord or lords of any leet, to fet, inquire, and punilh, the breach of aflize of bread, within their refpedive leets or views of frank pledge, or the right of any clerk or clerks of the market m any place.

Refervation of XLIII. Provided further, and it is hereby iikewifouiiaAfd, rights of the That neither this ad, or any thing herein contained, shall ex-ftewlutf of8" tcru*> or ** conftrued to extend, to prejudice the anient right Weftminfter, or cuftom of th$ dean of the collegiate church of Stf/fer to fet an aflize IVeftmxnfler* or the high fteward of the city of Wejiminfter, 'and ^e liberties thereof, or his deputy, or any of them, to fet, af-,n* -	*“	certain, and appoint, the aflize and weight of all forts of bread

to be fold or expofed to fale within the (aid city of fViftmnfttrs and the liberties thereofbut they, and every of them, (haH -and may feverally and refpedively, from time to time, as there shall be occafion, fet, afeertain, and appoint, within thelaid tiby of IVeJimitiftery and the liberties thereof, according to the true-intent and meaning of this ad, the aflize and weight of *H forts of bread which mall be made, fold, or expofed to fale, by any person or persons within the limits of the faid city of Weftf/nnjlir^ and the liberties thereof; and shall and may inquireand puniftt the 1>reachJ of every fuch aflize and weight of bread,as fully and freely in all refpeds, as they, or any of them, have heretofore been accuftomcd to do, and as if this ad had never beeniftadd; any thing herein, contained to the contrary thereof ndtwith-ftanding.

XLIV. Provided likewife, That neither this ad, not way Refervationof thing herein contained, shall extend, or beconftrtred to extend; rights to the to prejudice thd ancient right or cuftom of the two tmiyerfities cf Oxford or Cambridge, or either of them, or of then* Of either Cambridgetto °f their clerks of the market, or the pradice within the fevera! fct an aflac’ of jurifdidions of the faid univerfities, or either of them; ufed, io bread within fet, afeertain, and appoint, the aflize and weight of all forts of bread to be fold or expofed to fale within their fervbral jurifdk* lions ; but that they, and every of them, shall and may feverally and refpedively, from time to time, as there (haH be occafion, for, afeertain, and appoint, within their several and refpe&ive jurifdidiohs, the affile and weight of al) forts of bread to be fold or expofed to fale by any taker or other perfcri whatibever, within the limits of their several jurifotdions; and fliallafid may inquire and punifh the breach thereof, as folly and Fredjr in all refpeds as they ufed to do, and as if this afd had (fever been made 3 any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

1 pu

r on

arty breach thereof.

their jurifiiic-lions i

sndounifl)

any breach thereof.

.Vi'ZL' t ..

w CAP.



175*0 Anno tricesimo primo Georgii IL c. go*	349

CAP, XXX.	'

An act for applying the money granted by parliament towards * defraying the charge of pay and cloathing for the militia,

. for the year one thousand jeven hundred and fifty eight; and for defraying the expences incurred on account of the militia, in the year one thousand /even hundred and fifty feven.

WHEREAS the sum of one hundred thousand pounds has been Preamble.

granted to bis Majejlyy upon account, towards defraying the '

.<charge of pay and cloathing for the tnilitia, for the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty eight; and for defraying fuel expences as were actually incurred upon the account of the militia, in the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty ftven \ in order therefore that the faid Upon certifi-ium of one hundred thousand pounds may be regularly and cate of the properly applied ; be it enaded by the King’s moll excellent lieutenant or majedy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual ^nt^of th^" and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflemr county, to the tied, and by the authority of the fame. That within fourteen treasury, of days after that his Majesty’s lieutenant of any county, riding, or the actual in-place, within that part of Great Britain called England, or, in ailment of Jjis abfence, three deputy lieutenants, shall have certified to'the ^men^c*10* commiflloners of his Majefty's treasury, or the high treasurer quired to i>e for the time being* that fuch proportion of the number of pri- inrolled, be-vate militia men of any regiment or battalion of fuch county, fore pay,arros# riding, or place, has been chofen or inrolled, as is by law re- ar/t^be inquired to be chofen or inrolled, before any pay, arms, accoutre- ed, dents, or cloathing for the militia, is allowed to be iiTued ; and and that the j that the like proportion of the number of thecoramifiion officers officers Mfo of fuch regiment or battalion have been appointed, and have	lito

taken put their commiffions and entered their qualificationsiffue anbrder the faid CQtmnifliopers of his Majesty’s treasury, or any three to tlie receiver Of more of them, or the faid high treafurer, shall ifTue a war- general cf the rant or order dire&ed to the receiver or receivers general of the ma^th^pay-land tax for fuch county, riding, or place, to make the iflues ment8 accord! or payments following; that is to fay,	ingtotherate*

,	'	fet down i

The whole fum required for cloathing the militia for fuch yiz.forcloath-county, riding, or place, at the rate of one pound one (hilling in&l for each private man or drummer j and at the rate of two pounds Jen (hidings for each ferjeant.

And alfp for the pay Of the faid militia for four months in ad-yancp, at the rate of fix (billings a day for each adjutant; and Monthsi« ad-at the rate of one (hilling a day for each ferjeant, with the ad- vance j dition of two (hillings and fix pence a week for each ferjeant major; and at the rate of fix pence a day for each drummer, with the addition of three (hillings and fix pence a week for each drum major; and alfo at the rate of one (hilling for each private man, with the addition of fix pence to each corporal,

for



350	Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. gOw

for every day in which fuch private man or corporal shall be re-fpeftively employed in the militia, for half a >yn(i alfo half a year’s falary for the clerk of each battalion of to the ct?ofmiIitia Wonging to fuch county, riding, or place, at the cate the battalion }o{ fify pounds a year.

and aJfo allowances to

And alfo to pay the refpedive allowances |o the clerk of the general meetings, and clerks of the several fobdivifion meetings, at the rates following; that is to fay,	'

the clerk of To the clerk of the general meerings, at the rate of fire m«XgsS pQuuds five (hillings for eachmeeting.

to the cietks And to the several clerks of the fubdivmon meetings, at the of the lubdi- rate of one pound one (hilling for each meeting, vifion meet-

All which faid Turns of money, except fuch as shall be due to bepaidufthe* f^e several clerks of the meetings aforefaid, shall be paid by the clerk of the faid receiver or receivers general into the hands of the cleric or battalion. clerks of the battalion or battalions of militia belonging to fuch county, riding, or place, upon his or their producing his or their warrant of appointment to fuch office, under the hand and feal of his Majesty’s lieutenant for fuch county^ riding, of place, A second a accor^'n8to the number of persons hereby intitled to receive payy inentof + y of which fuch battalion or battalions shall have been appointed months in ad- to confift and alio within fourteen days after the expiration of ▼ance to be the third month from the time of the faid firft payment, to m^th" aft" 3 ma^e a fCCQn^ payment for four months, in advance, for the cielWreceipt PaY °f the militia, and clerks of battalions aforefaid, in the pm* to be a dif- portions before mentioned; and the receipts of fuel) clerk or charge for the clerks shall be a fufficient difeharge to fuch receiver or receivers fumsfo paid, general, for the several Aims of money fo by him or them paid. Clerk to pay, jj And be it enaded, That .the clerk of each battalion of time,^months militia, shall forthwith, after the receipt of fuch Aims of money pay in ad- as aforefaid, pay or caufc to he paid, to the captain or com-vance to the manding officer of each company belonging to fuch battalion, captains, two months pay in advance for his refpedive company, and fo ftribute the ^rom time t0 timc fo long as any money on that account, shall fame to their remain in bis hands; which pay the (aid captain or command-companies, ing officer is hereby required to diftribute to each person belonging to his company, by this ad intitled to receive the fame, as and render an it shall become due; and shall give in to the clerk of the bat-accoum there- taj;on t0 which fuch company shall belong, an account of the andpay back*feveral payments he shall have made in purfuance of this ad;

and (hail pay back to the faid clerk the furplus, if any, of the monies by him, from time to time, received, and then remaining in his hands.

. .	.	III.	And	be	it	further	enadied.	That the faid clerk may and

hand'?money reta'n to his own ufo out of the money fo by him received, for his own fuch Turns as are herein before allowed for his (alary, and shall falary j alfo pay and difeharge fuch fume of money as shall be due and owing for. or on account of the doathiqg of the faid militia, not

tbe furplus monies.

Clerk to de-

 

1758.3	•	Anno	tridgftnio	pritno Georg 11II. c. 30.

exceeding the rates herein before mentioned, to fuch person or and to pay (he persons as shall produce an order from his Majofty’s lieutenant, b^s or from the commanding officer of fuch battalion, for that ck)athlng-

purpofc.	T ,	.	Allowance to

IV.	And be it enacted. That the faid< receiver or receivers geT be paid to the

ncral shall pay to the clerk of the general meetings his allow- clerk of the ancc at the rate of five pounds five (hillings for each meeting, SeRCral meet-upon his producing an order or orders for that purpofc from his produc. Majesty’s lieutenant, or three deputy lieutenants, alTem-anor(jer* bled at fome general meeting or meeting*; and shall alfo pay to from the lieu-each and every the clerks of the fubdiviiion meetings their fevc-tcnant> &c-ral allowances, at the rate of one pound ope (hilling for each *{j* meeting, upon his or tbeir producing an order or orders from vifi0n meet-' one or more deputy lieutenant or deputy lieutenants, aflembled ings,uponpro-in the several fubdiviiion meetings; which faid orders shall be to ducing a like the faid receiver or receivers general a iufficient difchkrge for ^puty^Td-the payment of fuch allowances, and be allowed in his or tbeir tenants, account.	Orders to be a

discharge to receivers general. 1

V.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That the clerk of tferks °ftbe

each battalion of militia shall give fccurity to the good liking	gue

of his Majesty’s lieutenant of the county, riding, or place, to r y * which (uch battalion shall belong, for duly anfweringand paying fuch fums as he shall from time to time have received, and

For duly accounting for the fame,and for performance of thetruft andto deliver hereby in him repofed; and (hall, between the feaft days of to the recehr-Saint Mubatl the Archangel and Saint John the Evangelift, in wee^Mi-the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty eight, deliver to Velmas and the receiver or receivers general of the land tax for the county, %7 December, riding, or place, to which fuch battalion shall belong, a fair ac- account of count in writing of all monies by him received and dilburfed iq purfuance of this a<5t, with proper vouchers for the fame $ and ments^and^ shall pay back to the faid receiver or receivers general any fur-pay back the

Elus that shall be then in his hands; which (aid accounts shall lurplus.

e figned by the faid clerk, and transmitted by the laid receiver Account to b« or receivers general of the land tax into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer.	tor’s office/

VI.	And whereas in the courfe of the year one thousand feven bun- Liputensnuto dr id and fifty feven, several exptntes were incurred on account of the P*Y tbe.ex* militia; be it enacted. That his Majesty’s lieutenant of any county, riding, or place, wherein any fuch expences have been yw% on ac_ incurred, (haU be, and is hereby impowered and directed to fa- count of the, tisfy fuch demands on that account, as to him shall appear rea- militia • (enable; and to draw on the receiver or receivers general of the the receiver^1 land tax for fuch county, riding, or place, for fuch fum of mo- general for ney, as shall have been paid, or shall be due on that account; the Sums fo which faid draught shall be to the faid receiver or receivers ge- paid, or due. neral a fufficient difeharge for the payment of fuch fum of mo-nev, and be allowed in his or their account.	the feme*/

VII* Provided also, and be it enadled. That no fee or gra< No fee to be

tuity whatfoever shall be given orpaid for or upon account of paid for iffumg

any warrants or ' money.





Anno triccfirao priroo GeoRGII IL c. 31;	[17efi.

any warrant, or any fum of money which shall be ifTued in re* lation to, or in purluance of, this ad.

CAP. XXXI.

An alt for granting to bis Majesty certain Jams of wumq out of the finking fund, for the fervid of the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty eight •, and for empowering the proper officers to make forth duplicates of exchequer bills, tickets, certificatesf receipts, annuity orders, and other orders, in lieu of fitch as Jhall be lofi9 booms, or othertmfe defrayed ; and for obliging the retailers, of wines, commonly called Sweets, or. Made Wines, /* take out a wine licence.

Preamble.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubie&s, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembied, being defirous to raise the refidue of the neceflary fupplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majesty in this felGon of'parliament, by ways and means the leaft burthenfome to your Majesty’s fubjeds, have refolved to give and grant to your Majesty the fums herein after mentioned ; and do therefore moft humbly befeech your Majesty, that it may be enaded; and be it en-aded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice ana confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembied, and by the autho-thority of the fame. That by or out of fuch monies as have arifen, or shall or may arife, and be and remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the furplufles, excefles, overplus monies, and other revenues compofing the fund, commonly called The finking fund,' {after paying or referving fufficient to pay all fuch fums of money as have been direded by any former ad or ads . of parliament to be paid out of the fame) there shall and may granted out of	and applied a fum not exceeding three hundred thou-

the furpluifes fand pounds*, for and towards the fupply granted to his Majesty of the finking for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty fund for the eight; and the commiflloners of his Majesty’s treasury, or any lervice o the tbrce or more Qf them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiflloners of the treafunr for the time being, are hereby authorized and impowered toifliie and apply the fame accordingly.

II.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the sum of ninety three thousand three hundred and fe-venty one pounds, eleven shillings, and feven pence three far-remaining in • things, remaining in the receipt of the exchequer, difpofeable * fC cxcfb??uer by parliament for the public fervice, of the income of the fur-fund for the P*u*ks* cxceffes> overplus monies, and other revenues, corn-quarter end- P°fing faid fund, commonly called The finking fund, for the ingioOft. quarter ended the tenth day of Ofiobcr, one thoufentf feven

bun-

year175S, and to be lf-lued by the treasury accordingly.

93>37*1. ns.

7d. 3q. fur-plus monies



t/5* j A«hrt6 trlcefimo £rfmtt Gfi<JKGti It. C. $t.	3$g

hundr&d'ahd ftftjf fetfeft, Thailand may be, in Hke'hi&riridf, if*-fued and applied at the faid receipt, for and" towards' the (aid fupply.

III.	And be it further enatfted by the authority aforefaid, 491,4.001. is.

That* the fath* of <foor hundred ninety two thbufand'and four sj*-Iiker fu.r“ hundred*pounds, eight (hillings and three pence, remaining in {ng8}™^10" the receipt of the exchequer** djfpofeable by parliament for the exchequer, public fervice, of the income of the furolufles, excefles, over- for thequar-plus mohies, and other revenues^ compofing the faid Fund, com- ter ending ftiohly collect The' finking ftfrtd', for the quarter ended the fifth to beiffuecftol dYyttf:^wV7;nfte thousand (even hundred and fifty eight, shall and wards the faid may be iri like manner iffuCd and applied at the ftid receipt,' for fupply. * and towards the faid fupply. .'	'

IV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,	5**

That by or out of fuch monies as shall thereafter, from time to *frued%i°like time* be and remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the fur- manner,out of plufles, excefles, overplus monies, and other revenues, compof* the growing ing the faid fund, commonly called The finking fund,ii\zx paying cY F??1icV)!jihl reserving fufficient to pay, all (urns of money as have been di- dwarfs the * refted by any former ad or ads of parliament to be pdid out of faid fupply. the fame, there shall and may in like manner be iflued and ap-

pjied,*a. further fum not exceeding one million fix hundred and 0c thousand and feventy fix pounds, five shillings, and one penny farthing, for and towards the faid fupply.

‘ V. And whereas it may happen, that there may be a tvant of mo* ney for carrying on the current fervice of the year one thoufandfeveh hundred and fifty eighty before monies fujficicnt may have arifen into thj exchequer, from the faid fur pluffes, exceffcs, or overplus monies, commonly called The finking fund, to fatisfy and pay the faid fum of one million fix hundred and fix thousand and feventy fix pounds, five /hillings, and one penny farthing, by this afi granted; in fuch In ca^ 6* cafe it shall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiflioners ^ay^ocTafion* of his Majesty’s treasury, or any three or more of them now ally borrow bciqg, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the com- money cn the miflioners of the treasury for the time being, by warrant or warrants under his or their hands, to permit and fuffer any per-* **** * fen or persons, or body of bodies, politick or corporate, to ad* vance and lend unto his Majesty, at the receipt of his exchequer, fo much money, as, together with the monies then remaining in the faid exchequer of the faid furpluffes, excefles, or overplus monies, shall be wanting to compleat the faid fum of one million fix hundred and fix thousand and feventy fix pounds, five shillings, and one penny farthing, upon credit of the growing produce of the faid furpluflcs, excefles, or overplus monies;	\

and to he rqpaid out of the fame, as they shall quarterly after-wards arife, together with intcreft for the forbearance thereof ift the mean time; any thing herein before contained to the con^ar tereft. ry notwithftanding.

VI. And whereas several bills commonly called exchequer bills, several ticket^commonly called Lottery tickets, several orders and certificates made forth in lieu of the faid lottery tickets, find likavife Vol. XXII.	A	a	for

|5f	Anno	fricefimo primo Georgii II. c. jti

for annuities of divers kinds, payable at or near the raeeipt of bis Majejlfs exchequer (as alfo several receipts of the cajbiers of toe go-vernor and company of the bank of England, or fame of them, for money contributed there for the purchaje of annuities transferable is the books of the faid governor and company, have by cafualiy or wuf-chance been loft, burnt, or otherwije defrayed, which exchequer bids, lottery tickets, certificates, receipts y annuity orders, and other orders, of the refpeftive denominations aforefaid, were made forth by and m purfuance of several afts of parliament in that behalf % be it there-Proper offi- fore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That in all cafes where it ecr* to make shall appear by affidavit to be made, before any of the barons of the forth dupli-	exchequer for the time being (who shall interrogate the deponent

c;uer biltrChC" t^ereuPon)t0	fatisfa<5tion of fuch baron or barons, that any

tickets* cer- fuch exchequer bills, or any fuch tickets, certificates, receipts, tificatei, re- annuity orders, or other orders, as aforefaid, before the firft ccipts, an- day of Augnfl, one thousand feven hundred and fifty eight, hate ™dyth<?eir* been, or are loft, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed, or that there he ders,°in foiTofJS00** reaf°n *° believe the fame have been burnt, loft, or other-fach’as shall wife deftroyed; it shall and may be lawful for the refpe&iveof-anpear, upon ficers and persons appointed to iflue or make forth fuch exche-amdavit be- qU*r bills9 tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, or o-ofThe exche-8 t^lcr orders, or to pay or difeharge the lame, or to ifliie any mo quer, to have nics due or payable thereupon, upon producing a certificate from been loft, any of the faid barons of fuch affidavit made before him (which burnt, or de- affidavit the faid barons, or any of them, is and are hereby au. ancTtopay the Jhorized to take, and which certificate he or they are hereby remonies due quired to make and grant without fee or reward) and on fecurity thereon 5 given to the faid refpc&ive officers and persons to their good thcperfonsm-ii^ to indemnify them refpedtively againft all other period givtngpropcr* whatsoever, for or concerning the monies fpectfied in, or due fecumv ofm-upon, fuch refpedlive bill or bills, ticket or tickets, certificate demniffcation, or certificates, receipt or receipts, order or orders, they the faid persons refpedfively, (hall, and are Itereby required, to make forth duplicates of the faid bills, tickets, certificates, receipts, and orders, at the requeft of the refpedVive owners, and to pay and dif-<	charge the fame, and all fuch interest as is or shall be due on

any of them carrying intereft, or to make forth ftock or tranf-ferrable annuities in lieu of fuch receipts as he or they should have paid or difeharged, or made forth on the laid original bills, tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, or other orders, if the fame had been produced, and shall be allowed all fuch payments, fum or fums of money, in their refpedfive accounts; and in all cafes where the figning of the commiflioners of his Majesty’s treasury, or the lord high treasurer of Great Britain for the time being, is neceflary for making the faid duplicates, or any of them, effectual for the purposes aforefaid; it is hereby Commiflion- furt^er enadted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the enofthetrea-faid commiflioners of his Majesty’s treasury, or any three or fury impower- more of them, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, to «d tofign fuch (jgn fuch duplicates accordingly.

duplicates. VII. And whereas by an aft pnjfed in the laft JeJJion of parTta-

mat.



f 75?*T Ann6 trieeSmo prime*	*11.	C. g	555

tnent, intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty several rates Recital of and duties upon indentures, leafes, bends, and other deeds; and claufes in ad upon news papers, advertisements, and almanacks ; and updn s° LrC0# licences for retailing wine; and upon coals exported to foreign parts; and for applying, from a certain time, the fums of money ,arifing from the furplusof the duties on licences for retailing fpi-rituous liquors; and for raifing the sum of three million's, by annuities, To be charged on the (aid rates, dufties, and fums of money; and for making perpetual an ad made in the second year of the feign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the better regulation of :dtthrnirs and Jblicitors; and for enlarging the time fot filing affidavits of the execution of contrads of clerks to attor-nies and folicitors ; and alfo the time for payment of the duties omttted to be paid for the indentures and contrads of clerks imd apprentices ; it was among other things enafted, That from • and after the fifth day of July, one thousand feven hundred and fifty /even, no person whatfoever, unleft authorized and enabled bjt taking out Juch licence as is therein prtkribtd', fnbjeft tt> the payment of fuch duties as are therein rejpcftively charged thereupon, Jhouldfell or utter by retail (that is) by the pint, quarts pottle, or gallon, or by any other greater Or kffer retail meafure, or in bottles, in any left quantity than Jhould be equal to the meafure of the cajk or veffel hi tvbich the fame Jhould have been, or might lawfully be imported, anj kind of wine or wines, or any liquor called dr reputed wine, upon pain to forfeit for every fuch offence, the sum of one hundred poundst and whereas great frauds might eafily be praftifei in cafe the retaileri erf certain liquors ma > in this kingdom, commonly called Sweets, or Made Wines, Jhould not be equally with the retailers of other kinds of wine, obliged to take out fuch licences as aforefaid, for retailing „ ovine, be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid;. That . ai er^®C from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand feven hun- Sweets^or dred and fifty eight, no person whatfoever, unlefs he be autho- Made Wine*, rized and enabled by having taken out fuch licence as by the faid to tike out a ad is prefcribed, fubjed to the payment of fuch duties as are therein refpedively charged upon /fuch licences to fell wine by retail, shall fell or utter by any retail meafure, of in bottles, in uny quantity lefs than twenty five gallons, any kind of liquor made in Great Britain, by infiifion, fermentation, or others wile, from foreign fruit or fugar, or from Britijlo fruit or fugar, or from fruit or fugar mixed with any other ingredients, commonly called Sweets, or Made Wines; or any kind of liquof made in Great Britain, and known by the name of Sweets, of Made Wines, of whatfoever materials, or in whatfoever man- tool, pcdalff ner, the fame may be made, upon pain to forfeit for every fuch offence, one hundred pounds; to be recovered and applied in.wit+KMrtli-foch manner, as the penalties for felling wine by retail, without cence» Ccence, arc by the faid ad to be recovered and applied.

A a 2	CAP.

 )OQle

356

Anno tricesimo primo GeoRgii IL c. 32.	[1758*

CAP. XXXII.

An all for repealing the duty granted by an all made in the Jbetb year of the reign of bis late	,	on

made,	wrought, touched, afor in Great

Britain ; and for granting a duty on , to be taken out by all persons dealing in gold or	;	and for

difcontinuing all drawbacks upon Jtlver plate	;

and for more effectually preventing frauds and abufts in 1 the marking or ftamping of gold or Jtlver plate.

Preamble, re-citing claufes in ad 6 Geo.i.

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament made in the fixth year of the reign of bis late Majejlyy intituled, An adt for lay-ing a duty upon wrought plate; and for applying money arifing for the clear produce (by fale of the forfeited eftates) towards anfwering his Majesty’s fupply ; and for taking off the drawbacks upon hops exported for Ireland ; and for payment of annuities to be purchafeq after the rate of four pounds per centum per an-numy at the exchequer, redeemable by parliament; and for appropriating fupplics granted in this session of parliament; and to prevent counterfeiting receipts and warrants of the officers of the South Sea company; and for explaining a late ad concerning foreign fait, cellared and locked up, before the four and twentieth day of Juney one thousand feven hundred and nineteen ; and to give a further time for paying duties on certain apprentices indentures; and for relief of Thomas Vernon efquire, in relation to a parcel of fenna imported in the year one thousand feven hundred and iixteen; it was among/} other things en-afted9 That there Jbould be raifedy leviedy colit ftedy anfweredy and paid unto, and for the ufe of his Majejlyy his heirSy and fuccefferiy for ever {fubjeft nevertheufs to fuch redemption as in and by the faid aft was afterwards provided in that behalf) for and upon all fiber plate which Jbould be made or wrought in Great Britain, or at any time or times from and after the firfi day of June, one thousand feven hundred and twenty, Jbould or ought to be touchedy affajedy er tnarkedy in Great Britain, as is before in the faid aft mentionedy a duty-after the rate of fix pence for every ounce troyf and proportionally for any greater or UJfcr quantity, to be paid by the makers cr workers thereof refpeftively; ana divers provifions and dire ft ions are contained in the faid aft fcr and in relation to the managingy fecuringy afcertainingy colleftingy recoveringy levyingy and payingy the faid duty for the ufes and purposes therein mentioned: and whereas the methods preferibea for afeertaining and colie ft ing the faid dutyy and for preventing frauds therein, have been found mffeftual to fecure the payment thereof \ and the faid duty hath, by reafon of various frauds and evafionsy for feme years pafi greatly decreafedy and is nm infufficient to dnfwer the purposes for which the fame was granted; we, your Majesty’s mod dutiful and loyal lubjelts, the commons of* Great Britain in parliament affembled, think it will be for the advantage of the publick to repeal the faid duty, and in

lieu



1758 ] Anno tricesimo primo Gf.oRGII II. C.32;	357

lieu thereof, to grant unto your Majesty the duty upon licences herein after mentioned: and thefeforp, do moft humbly befeech your Majesty, that it may be ena&ed ; and be it enaded by the ICing’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prerent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the lame.

That from and after the firft day of June, one thousand feven Former duty hundred and fifty eight, the faid duty granted by the faid a& on olatere-made in the fixth year of his late Majesty’s reign, of fix pence * per ounce troy, for and upon all filver plate made or wrought in Great Britain, or which ought to be touched, aflayed, or marked, in Great Britain, shall ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and, that then and from thenceforth all the and all poweiv, powers and authorities given and granted, and the rules and re- Scc. relating gulations eftablilhed and prefcribed by the laid recited.adt, or by thereto* any other adt or adts of parliament, for or in relation to the managing, fecuring, ascertaining, colle&ing, recovering, levying, and paying, the faid duty, and all penalties and forfeitures in refpedt thereof, lhall alfo ceafe, determine, and be no longer except with put in execution, fave only and except in all cafes relating to the refpeft to the recovering any arrears which may at that time remain unpaid of recovery of the faid duty, or to any penalty or forfeiture which shall have been incurred upon or at any time before the faid firft day of ^n-cd before June, one thousand feven hundred and fifty eight; any thing 1 June, 1758. herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That Duty on H-Ux lieu of the faid duty by this adl repealed, there lhall, from cencesgrantcd and after the fifth day of July> one thousand feven hundred and hi lieu thereof, fifty eight, be paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, a

duty of forty (hillings for every licence to be taken out in manner herein after mentioned, by each person trading in, felling, or vending gold or filver plate.

III.	And he ir further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That Xradertin from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand feven hundred and venders and fifty eight, no person or persons whatfoever, who now, or of, plate, to at any time or times hereafter, doth or lhall trade in, vend, or take ou* fucl1 fell, any gold or filver plate, lhall prefume by him, her, or them- hccuccsi felves, or by any other person or persons whatfoever, employed

by him, her, or them, for his, her, or their benefit, either publicity or privately to trade in, vend, or fell, any gold or filver plate, without firft taking out a licence for that purppfe, in manner hereafter mentioned, before he, Ihe, or they, shall trade in, vend, or fell, any fuch gold or filver plate, for which he, Ihe, or	/

they shall immediately, upon taking out thereof, pay down for fuch licence, the fupn of forty shillings, in manner following; . that is to fay. If fuch licences be taken out in London, IVefimin-fiery or in anv other parts within the limits or jurifdidtion of the JJf chief jehief office'Ot excifein London, then fuch licences (Kail be grant- office of ex-ed under the hands and feals of two or more of his Majefty's ciiemLondon, commiflioners for the duty of excife for the time being; and the *° graf”ft5d <Juty for the fame lhall be paid at the chief office q? excife in comm?ffion-C

A ? 3	en> ^

358	Anno	tricefimo priiro Georgii II. c. ^2. [1758;

duty to be paid London, pr at any other place, and to fuch person ot persons ax there. &c. the faid commiflioners for the time being shall appoint to deliver inotl er pla:e$ out fuch licences, and to receive the faid duty ; but if ftich ii-to be grained cences shall be taken out without the limits aforefaid* then fuch by the collec licences shall be granted under the hands and feals of the several vilbnTof cxdfc c°Nc#ors and fupervifors of excife within their reipedive collector the diftrift, tions and diftri&s, and the duty for the fame shall be paid by and the duty all and every the perfans fo taking out £uch licences at the office to be paid at 0f excife next adjoining to the place where they refpedlivcly rc-r t enexto ce. Qr	or	ataily other place, and to fuch. persons a$hi$

Majefty*9 commiffipners of excife for the time being shall ap-Licenceswith- P°*nt t0 deliver out fuch licences, and to receive the faid duty; in the limits * and *n cafe fuch licences he taken out within the limits of the of the city of city of Edinburgh, fuch licences shall be granted under the bands Edinburgh, to and feals of two or more of his Majesty’s commiflioners of ex-cife in Scotland for the time being; and. the duties for the fame oners of eTcife be paid at the chief office of excife in Edinburgh, in the in Scotland, fame manner as is herein before dire&ed in regard to the licen-and the duty ces to be taken out in London, IVejiminjler, or in any other parts the^h^f* f*	tbe limits or jurifdi&ion of the chief office of excife in

fice of excife ^on^on $ but if fuch licences shall be taken, out in any other part there:	of Scotland, without the limits aforefaid, then fuch licence* (hall

in other places be granted under the hands and feals of the fovend colledors in Scotland,to and fuporvifors of excife in Scotland, within their refpedlive col- | the colicftors^ ^e<^lons a°d diftri&s ; and the duties for the fame shall be paid and fupervi- *n manner as is herein before directed with regard to the li-fors of excife cences to be taken out in England, without the limits or jurif-for the di- diction of the chief office of excife in London \ and fuch refpec-ftnft, and the tjvc commiflioners of excife, and the persons appointed by them paid It the refpeflively, and alfo all fuch collectors and fupervifors, are *ext office, hereby refpedtively authorized and required to grant and deliver Licences to be fuch licences to all persons applying for the fame, upon their granted to all payment of forty (hillings for each licence, inginponPpay-	And	be ** furtber enacted by the authority aforefaid,

inf’the duty That every person or persons who shall take out any fuch licence of 40 s. as aforefaid, is and are hereby required to take out a fre(h licence Freffi licence ten days at lead before the expiration of twclvexalendar months ouund^renew a^tcr ta^inS out tbe foft licence, before he, (he, or they do ed every year’, prefume to trade in, vend, or fell, any gold or filver plate, and k	9 it) the fame manner to renew every fuch licence from year to

year, paying down the like (um of forty (hillings for each and every new or renewed licence, at the places and ?it the times before mentioned ; and if any person or persons (hall, after the faid fifth day of *July, one thousand feven hundred and fifty eight, prefume, or offer to trade in, vend, or fell, any gold, or fuvef plate, without firft taking out fuch licence, and renewing the t>n penalty of fame-yearly, in manner aforefaid, he, fhe, or they shall refpcc-forfeiting*2ol. tively forfeit and lofe the sum of twenty pounds for each offence.

Duty remitted V. Provided always, and be it further enadted by the autho-on plate un. rity aforefaid. That from and after the faid firft day of Junt* tiniflied an4 '	'	...	.

1758.] Anno tncefimo primo Georgii II. C. 32.	359

one tbou&nd fcvcn hundred and fifty eight, noduty shall be paid not fit for ufe for, or in refped of, any quantity of filver plate which hath bef°re 1 Jun?# been, or shall be, entered upon the books of the excife officers,175 and which shall not be finifhed and fit for ufe before the faid firft day of June\ hut that the persons in wbofe names fuch entries are or shall be made, shall be exonerated from all duty upon fuch plate, or fo much thereof, as they shall produce to the officer? of excifc, after the (aid day, unfiniffied, and not fit for ufe.

VL And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That Perfons deem-ffll persons ufing the trade of felling or vending gold or filver ed traders m, plate, or any goods or wares compofed of gold or filver, or any pUtcfwkh-good? or wares in which any gold or filver is or shall be manu- *m the aft, and fa<fturcd; and alfo all persons employed to fell any gold or filver liable to take plate, or any fuch goods or wares aforefaid, at any audlion orout licences, publick fale, or by commiffion, shall refpedlively be deemed traders in, fellers or venders of gold or filver plate, within the intent and meaning of this a&, and shall take out a licence for the fame.

VII.	Provided always* That persons in partnerfhip, and car- in copartner* rying on their trade or bufinefs in one houfe, (hop, or tenement (hips, where only, shall not be obliged to take out more than one licence iit Is carri-gny one year* for the carrying on fuch trade or bufinefs; and

that no licence for trading in, felling, or vending, gold or filver one licence is plate, shall authorize and impower any person or persons to fufflcient. whom the lame may he granted, and who shall fell fuch gold Licence to or filver plate in (hops, to trade in, fell, or vend, fuch gold or h^fe &c. on-filver plate, in any other (hop or place, except in fuch houfes or iy for which places thereunto belonging, wherein he, (he, or they, shall in-it was grant-habit and dwell, at the time of granting fuch licence, or in booths cd-pr flails at fairs or markets.

VIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Duties to be That from and after the faid fifth day of July, one thousand paid over into (even hundred and fifty eight, all the money arifing by the faid the exche-duty on licences (the neceflary charges of railing and acP0Unt*ng^er,a^p^gr for the fame excepted) (hall, from time to time, be paid into branches°of the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer at Wejtminfter, feparate the publick and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues; and revenues, and are hereby appropriated, and shall be applied to the fame ufest0 apphed and purpofes, and in fuch manner, as the faid duty hereby re- ^ga9 pealed is, by the faid a St made in the fixth year of his late Ma- duty on plat$* jefty’s reign, appropriated unto and directed to be applied, fab-

jeft to fuch redemption as is mentioned m the faid afl with re-fpedt to the faid duty; and if any furplus (ball remain of the Surplus mo-produce of the faid duty hereby granted, after fuch ufes and *}ics to he re-purpofes are anfwered and fatisfied, or money fufficient shall be referved for that purpofe, fuch furplus shall be referved for the t\on 0f future dipofition of parliament.	liament.

IX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, x0 drawback That no drawback whatfoever shall be allowed or paid, upon, to be allowed for, or in refpeft of the exportation of any filver plate which on exportati-

A a 4.	(hall	on of plate.





'360	Anno	tricefimo primo Georgii II. c. 32!	[175

(hill have been, or shall be* imported into* or made* wrought or manufactured, in this kingdom, either before, on, or after the faid firft day of June, one thousand fevert hundred and fifty eight* and which shall be entered for exportation after the faid firft day of June, one thousand fcven hundred and fifty-eight; any former adk or i&s of parliament to the contrary notwith-ftandiag.	*	,

Traders, kc. X. Provided always, and he it; further enafted by the autbo-in goldorfil- rity aforefaid* That this a& shall not extend tofubjeCt any perr verlace, fii- fon or persons to any penalty or forfeiture, for* or in refped jof, thread', or h*s> h®1* or their trading in*Xelltog, -or vending,t gold or fihrer fringe/not lace* or gold otrfilyer wire* thread* or fringe, without taking out obliged totake fuch licence as'^fyrefaid ; nor to repeal or alter, any drawbacks out licences. or allowances now payable upon the^ exportation of any fuch lace* wire, thread* or fringe; any thing herein before contained $o the contrary notwitbftandmg. profecntioHi XJ* Andkibe it further enaCled by the authority afore&id* for recovery That all profecutions for the recovery of penalties and forfei-of penalties tures, incurred for offences committed againft this a#, shall and may be heard* , adjudged, and determined* either by bill, plaint* or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at IVeft-minfler, or in the court of Exchequer in Scotland* if fuch penalty or forfeiture shall be incurred there, or in fuch manner and form

if incurred as hpreafter is directed; that is to fay* All profecutions for re-within the covery of penalties and forfeitures, incurred for offences com-of thCr	againft	this	aCt,	within the limits or jurifdiCtion of the

eprif^ofLm- c^ie^ °®cc °f excife in London, shall and may be heard, addon, to be judged* and determined, by any three or more of the cooimifii-heard and de* oners of pxcife in England for the time being; and in cafe of ter mined by appeal from the judgement of the faid commissioners (and not commURon- ot^erwife) shall be heard, adjudged, and determined, by the ers,	commiffioners for appeals for the time being, or the major part

and in cafes of of them, whpfe judgement therein shall be final; and all profc-appeals, by cutions for recovery of penalties and forfeitures, incuiTed for of-one«°Sr'ap- ^ences committcd \yithin all or any other the counties, (hires* peals. P ftewartries* cities, towns* or places* within the kingdom of Great Profecutions Britain? shall and may be heard, adjudged, and determined* by within other any two or more of the juftices of the peace refiding near to the pkces^be P*ace w^re offence shall he committed; and if either the , lieard'and de- informer* or defendants shall think themfelves aggrieved by the 1 termined by judgement given by fuch juftices* it shall and may be lawful for two juftices 1 every fuch informer or defendant* to.appeal to the juftices of the afd ”	P**06 at ^ie quarter session to beholden in and for the

eh/^cesjfe ^unty, (hire, ftewartry, city* town* or place, where the penalty their quarter or forfeiture shall bq.incurf^d* who are hereby authorized and feflioH. impovvered tabear* adjudge, and determine the fame, and whofe Commifllon- judgement therein (hail be fihal 5 and the faid commissioners ersand juftices forexcife, apd commissioners for appeals (in cafe of appeal) and impowered to all juftfees of the peace aforefaid, refpeClively, are hereby au-fummonof- tfiorized and .required* upon complaint or information}* upon fendqqtba. exhibited qnd brought before them.refpeftiVely, as afore-

'	faid*

i758.]	Anno tricesimo primo GeorgijH c. 32;	361

A id, of the commiffion of any offence againft thitf ad (which oath the faid commissioners, and juftices of the peace refpedive-ly, are hereby authorised to adminifter) to fummon the party or parties accufed; and upon the appearance or contempt of any and upon their person or pcrfons fo fummoned, to proceed to tjie examination appearance, of the matter of fa ft; and upon due proof made thereof, either pr^^dPti by the voluntary confeffion ot the person or pcrfons fo fummon*- the examina-ea, or by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles tion of the (which oath they the faid commissioners and juftices reflectively matter of fad, nave hereby power to adminifter) to give judgement or fentence judgment, thereupon, and to award and iflue out warrants under theirJ	*

hands refpeftively, for the levying of fuch penalties or forfei- award tures upon the goods and chattds of fuch person or persons,^theSuroo $ and to caufe fale to be made of fuch goods and chattels; if they shall not he redeemed within fourteen days; rendering to fuch an<j for want person or persons the overplus (if any be) and for want of fuf- ofdiftrefs, ficient diftrefs, to Imprifon the party or parties offending, till to commit the fatisfaltion be made.	party.

XII.	And it is hereby further enalted, That all penalties and Application of forfeitures which shall be recovered, for any offences committed the j^naltics againft this alt (all necessary charges for the recovery thereof andfoifei’ being firft deduced) shall be diftributed, one moiety thereof for ur

the ufe of hi$ Majesty, his heirs, and fucceflors, and the other moiety thereof to him, her, or them, who shall inform or foe for the fame.

XIII.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid. Limitation of That if any action or foit shall be commenced againft any per- a^lons*

fon or persons, for any thing done in purfuance of this alt, in that part of Great Britain called England, the defendant or defendants in any fuch a&ion or fuit, may plead the general iffue. General iflue. and give the ipecial matter in evidence, at any trial to be hid thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this alt; and if it shall appear fo to have been clone, the jury shall find* for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be nonfuited, or difcontinue his altion, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or' if judgement shall be given upon any verdilt or demurrer againft the plain-, tiff, the defendant or aefeddants shall and nrfay recover treble Treble ceils, cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in Other cafes by law1; and if fuch Defendants altion or fuit shall be commenced or profecuted in that p^rt of plea in aftidn Great Britain called Scotland, the court before whom fuch altion brought in or fuit shall be brought, shall allow the defendant to plead thisScot aad‘ alt on his defence; and if the purfuer not infift on hiSj^cndant altion ; or if judgement shall be given againfrfuch purfocr, thecovcringf ti/ defender shall and may recover the full and real expences he lowed his ex-jjnay have been put to by any fuch altion or fuit;	pence*.

XIV.	And whereas by a clause in an ait of parliament made in the Recital of twelfth year of his present Majefty's reign, intituled. An alt foV the, clause in aft better preventing frauds and abulos in goM and filver wares ;»» Geo. *. fOery person who jhould caft, forge, or counterfeit, any of the marks

or

 Li oogle

362	Anno triccfuno primfc Georgm II. c. 32.	[1758.

or ftamps of thegoldfmtibs company London, or any of the marts or Jlaxnps appointed to be ufed for marking wrought plate at York, filter,. Briftol, Chefter, Norwich, at Ncwcaftlc upon Tyne, or any mark, ftamp, or imprtfJionr to referable any mart, ftamp, or int-preffam, to be made with any mark or Jfamp to be ufed by the faid: company in London, or by the wardens or affayers at any of the other places aforefaid, in purfuance of the faid alt, or any other acts of parliament then in force; or mark or ftamp with any fuck counterfeit . mark or ftamp, any wrought plate of gold or ftlver, or any wares of brafsy or other bafe metal, fivered or gilt over, and refembling plat* pf gold or fiher; or tranfpoft or remove from one piece of wrought plate to another, or to any vejfel of fuch bafe metal, anje*f the marks, ftamps, or imprefliont* made, or to be mack, with any of the marks or ftamps of the jaid company, or of the faid wardens or affayers, ufed, or to be ufed, in purfuance of the faid or any other ait then enforce^ or caufe to procure any of tie fend offences to be committed, or Jelly ex~ change, or expofe to foie, any manufacture of gold, orftlver,. or export the fame with any fuch forged, counterfeit, or tranfpofed mark, ftamp, hr impreffnn, knowing the fame to be forged, counterfeited, or ; tranfpofed, was made liable, for every offence, to the forfeiture oft one hundred pounds; and for default of payment, to imprifonmeht, in manner therein mentioned: and whereas, notwhhftanding the penalty er puni/hment inflated by the faid daufe, great quantities of gold and ftlver plate of a bafe and inferior ftandard, with fuch for** ged, counterfeit, or tranfpofed marks, ftamps, and impreffions, arm now frequently vended in this kingdom, and dlfo exported to foreign parts \ and it is necessary that all persons guilty of fuch practices far the future, fbxdd he fubjefted to exemplary pmijhment, in order to deter, as far as may be, the commiffum of offences, mamftftly tending to the detriment of the fair trader, and the diminution of the wealth. The recited the credit, and the commerce of this kingdom ; be it therefore en-daufe repeal- a&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the faid daufe (hall, from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand feven hundred and fifty eight, be, and is hereby repealed.

Penalty of XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Gorging or That if any perlon whatfoever, from and after the faid fifth day ^elUmpufed 7ufy> thousand feven hundred and fifty eight, shall caft, for marking forge, or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be caft, forged, or plate, in pur- counterfeited, any mark or ftamp ufed, or to be ufed, for mak-fuaP^c of the ing gold or fdver plate in purfuance of the faid a<ft, or of any ot*lcr a(^or su^s parliament now in force, by the company of tcc. by the	goldfmiths in London,	or by the wardens, or aifayer or afiayera,

goldfmiths at York, Exeter, Briftol, Chcfter, Norwich, or Newcaftle upon Tyne, company, See. or by any maker or worker of gold or (Over plate, or any or either of them; or shall caft, forge, or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be caft, forged, or counterfeited, any mark, ftamp* or impreflion, in imitation of, or to refemble any mark, ftamp* or impreftion, made, or to be made, with any mark or ftamp, ufed, or to be ufed, as aforefaid, by the faid company ofgokhf fmkhs in London, or by the faid wardens, or aflayer or affayers, or by any maker or worker of gold or filver plate, or any os

either



1758*] AnnatriccftnoprknaGEORGn C.3J.

either of them; or shall mark or damp, or caufe or procure ft? or of marking be marked or damped, any wrought plate of gold or filver, or pbje. Ire. with any wares of brafs, or other bafe metal, filvered or gilt over, and counterfeited relembling plate of gold or diver, with any mark or damp which ftamp; hath been or shall be forged or counterfeited, at any time either before, on, or after, the faid fifth day of Jufy, in imitation of, or to refemble, any mark or ftamp ufed, or to be ifed, as’afore-faid, by the faid company of goldfmiths in London, or by the. faid wardens, or aflayer or affayers, or by any maker or worker of gold or filver plate, or any or either of them; or shall tranf- or of tranf-pole or remove, or caufe or procure to be tranfpofed or remov- ^j2imC refed, from one piece of wrought plate to another, or to any veflel ^dVroin one* of fuch bafe metal, as aforefaid, any mark, ftamp, or imprefli- veflel to ano-on, made, or tp be made, by or with any mark or ftamp ufed, then or to be ufed, as afbrefaid, by tfie faid company of goldfmiths, in London, or by the faid wardens, or aflayer or affayers, or by any maker or worker of gold'or filver plate, or any or either of them; or shall fell, exchange, or expofe to fale, or export out or of felling or of this kingdom, any wrought plate of gold or filver, or any exporting ve(Tel of fuch bafe metal, as aforefaid, with any fuch forged or ^le^coun* counterfeit mark, ftamp, or impreffion, thereon, or any mark, terfeitor ftamp, or impreffion, which hath been or shall be tranfpofed or tranfpofed removed from any other piece of plate, at any time either be- mark* fore, on, or after, the (aid fifth day of Jafy9 knowing fuch mark, ftamp, or impreftion, to be forgea, counterfeited, or tranfpofed, or removed, as aforefaid; or shall wilfully and knowingly have, or be poffeffed of, any mark or (lamp which hath been or shall or of having be forged or counterfeited, at any time, either before, on, of r4£lJL(tamP after, the faid fifth day of July9 in imitation of, or to refemble,in p0 c 10n; any mark or ftamp ufed, or to be ufed, as aforefaid, by the faid company of goldftniths in London, or by the faid wardens, or aflayer or affayers, or by any maker or worker of gold or filver plate, or any or either of them ; every fuch person offending is felony, in any, each, or either of the cafes aforefaid, being thereof law- without benc-fully convi&ed, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall fuft clcrsy-fer death as a felon, without benefit or clergy.

CAP. XXXIII.

An act for enabling hisMajefty to raise the sum of eight hundred thousand pounds, for the ufes and purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feflion of parliament.

Preamble. 800, oool. granted to hisMajefty. HisMajefty, by warrant Under his royal fign manual,, may, at any time before 5 Jan. 1759, author rise the commifliuiers of the treasury to raise the faid fum, either ay loans,

Or exchequer bills; in the fame manner as is preferibed, concerning loam or exchequer bills, by the malt aft of this feftion. All c1aufe3, provifoes, and powers, &c. in the faid afterdating to loans.and exchequer bills, ex* tended to this aft. Exception. The money fo railed, to be repaid out of the firft fupplies; and if none befgranted before 5 July 175$, then to be paid out ofthe finking fund j and the monies to be ifliied thereout ao cordingly. Monies ifliied out of the finking fund, to be replaced out of the fine fupplies. Monies - arifing into the exchequer by the malt aft, , land tax, annuity and lottery aft ; and alfe the sum of 300*000!., granted oat of the finking fund, by an aft of this feflion, and 93,371k 1 is. 7d. 3a. Surplus remaining, in the exchequer of die product of the finking fund,

«,	T	foe



Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 33.'	[1758.

for the quarter ended 10 Oftober 1757; and 493,4.001. Ss. 3d. furplus of the produce of the faid fund, on 5 April, 17585 and 1,606,076!. 5s* id. iq. directed to be iffued out of the fiirpluffes of the faid fund; and 8oo,oool. by this aft granted are appropriated in general; viz. out of all, or any the faid fupplies, any fum not exceeding 3,544,43d. cs. 8d. for naval fervices herein erfpreffed 5 300,000!. towards paying off the debt of the navy; io,oool. towards building thebofpital for fick and wounded near Gofport. io,oool. towards building the hofpital for fick and wdunded near Plymouth. io,oool. upon account, towards the fupport of Greenwich hofpital; 391,8071.7s. 3d. forcharge of the office of ordnance for land ftrvice; 4,032,77*1. 3s. 9d. iq. for land forces, See. in general; viz. *>*53>36*1. *8s. 6d. thereof, for charge pf guards, garrifons, and land for* c$s in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jerfey ; 37,45*1. 3s. 4d. for pay of the general, and general ftaff officers, &c. ^ 6*3,7041. os *d. for the forcqs and garrifons in the plantations and Gibraltar; and provifions for the garrifons in Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, and Providence 4 43,9681.48. *d. for the four regiments of foot on the Irifh eft abli foment ferving in North America, and the Eaft Indies; 35,60*1. to the reduced officers of the land forces and marines; 3,0981. 17s. nd. allowance to the officers and private gentlemen of the two troops of horfe guards/ and re-giment of horfe reduced, and foperanmiated gentlemen of the four troops of horfe guards.; *,**61. for pay of widows penfions ; 26,0001. upon acr count, for out-penfionertof Ghelfea hofpital; 145,454!. 15s. iq. tor extraordinary expences of the land forces, and other fervices incurred in 1757, not provided for; 38,360!. 19^. lod. 3a. for troops of the landgrave of Heffe Caffel, in the pay of Great Britain, from *5 Dec. 17575 to xa Feb. 1758; together with the fubfidy for the faid time, purfuant to treaty3 .38,3601. 19s. iod> *q.r for defraying the charge of the faid troops, and . payment of like fubfidy, from 23 Feb. 1758, to *3 April following,' 165.175I- 4s. iod; *q, for defraying the remaining charge of tht fold troops and fubfidy, from *5 Dec. 1757* to 24 Dec. 1758, metafile?: xoo,oool. upon account, towards fubfifting and keeping together the armies formed laftyearin bis Majefty's electoral dominions, employed in concertwith the King of Pruffia; 463,0841.6s. lod. for the troops of Hanover, 'W°lfenbuttle,$axe («otjia> an(jcolint ofBuckkeburgh, employed inconcert with the King of Pruffia; from 18 Nov. 1757, to *4 Dec. 1758, inclufivef to be iffued in advance every two months; and Hie troops to be suffered by an Englifo coromiffary, &c. 386,915!. 13s. *d. in full for^efraying all extraordinary charges and contingencies of his Majesty’s amiy employed in concert with the King of Pnffia, from 18 Nov. 1757* to 24 Pec. 1758, inclufive; the faid fum to beiffutd as the pay of thp faid troops; 670,000!. to the King of Pruffia purfuant to treaty, 8oo,oool. to difcharge the like fum raifed in purfuance of an aft of the laft feffion,and charged upon the firft aids 5 8oo,oool. upon account to his Majesty, to defray extraordinary expences of the war, Sec. 9,90*1. 5s. upon account, for fupporting the colony of Nova Scotia; 6,6*61. 9s. 9d. xq. upon account, for defraying the charges incurred by fnpporring the faid colony in 1756, not provided for;, 3*5571.10s. for defraying the charges of the civil elta-blifoment, See. of the colony of Georgia, from *4 June, 1757* tp *4 June *758 ; 31,0001. to make good the like fum iffued by his Majefty's orders, purfuant to ah addrefs ot the houfe; 40,000!. to the Foundling hofpital 5 to be paid without any fee or deduftion? *84,80*!. is. 3q. to make good the deficiency of the grants for the year 1757 5 151000I. towards*rebuilding London bridge; ioo,oool. upon account, for pay and cloathing for the militia for 1758, and expences incurred in 1757; io.oool. towards fortifying the harbour of Milford 3 *7,3801.19s, 1 id. *q. for reimburfing to the province of Maffachufet's bay, the expences in fumifhing provifions and ftores to the troops raifed there in 1756; 13,736k 179. 7d. forreimbur-fing to the colony of Connefticut, their expences in fumtfomg provifions aha ftores to the troops raifed there in 1756 ; *o,oool. upon account, to the Eaft India company, towards defraying the expence of a military force there; 4,000!. for impairing the church of St. Margaret, Weftminfters io,o©ol. for fupporting the Britifo forts on the coaft of Africa. Xbe faid .{applies to be applied as herein directed, and not otherwift. Regulations



Anno triccfimo prime GboroIi II. c. 34.	365

t6 be obferved in the application of the half pay. A& 30 Geo. a. Surplus of the half pay aiifing from the laft year s grants, to be difpofed of to fuch officers, widows, or children, as his Majesty shall judge to be proper objects of charity.

CAP. XXXIV.

An act for enlarging the times for tb$ firft meetings of com-miffioners or truftees > for putting in execution certain alls of this session of parliament % and for other purposes therein mentioned.

TT7H ER£ AS by feVeralaCts of tbisprefentfeffion ofparliament, preamM*# VV the firjl meeting of tbe commissioners or truftees for putting fuch aCts, or any part or parts thereof in execution, bath been or may be appointed or directed to be held before or upon the day of pajfing of fuch acts refpeCtively, whereby several doubts and difficulties may arife with refpeft to the due execution of the faid aCts ; be it therefore enabled by tbe King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords. fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That in cafe any a of parliament hath whcre tIie paffed, or doth or shall pafs, at anytime whatfoever, during this meeting present session of parliament, upon or after the day fpecified in ofcommiflion-any fuch aft, for the firft meeting of the com miffioners or rruf-crs or trufteet tees appointed to put the fame, or any part thereof, in execution, jj1*11 ^Yed*^ In each and every fuch cafe, fuch commissioners or truftees re- or before the* lpe&ively, or the fame number of fuch refpe&ive commissioners day the a a* or trufteesvas is or shall be authorized to hold fuch firft meeting, appointing die or any greater number of them, shall and may hold their firft	'

meeting upon the fourteenth day after the palling of this a<ft, at meeting (pch places as were refpedtively appointed in fuch atfts for holding is to be held the firft meetings on the days therein fpecified; and all fuen °n the 14th commissioners or truftees, or any number of them as aforefaid, da£aftc^.h? being fo aflembled refpedtively on the faid fourteenth day after	11

the palling of this atft, shall and may proceed to the execution of fuch a£ts refpe&ively; and then, and from time to time afterwards, adjourn, and do and perform all fuch matters and things, and execute all the powers and authorities granted to them in the faid a<fts refpe&ively, in the fame manner, and as fully and effe&ually to all intents and purpofes, as if fuch commiflToners. or truftees had been aflembled in purfuance of, and on the re-fjpeftive days fpecified or appointed in fuch a&s, *fbr holding the firft meeting of faid Commiffioners or truftees \ any thing’ therein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

II. And whereas several aCts of parliament have been made for amending and keeping in repair divers roads in Great Britain; and whereas it may have happened that a Efficient number of the trujlees or commissioners for putting fuch refpeCtive ads in execution, have neglected to meet at fuch times and places, as were appointed or directed in purfuance of the faid several aCJs9 and that adjournments may not have been made to meet at any future time: and whereas the clerks or

other



$66	Anno tricesimo primo Georgii IL 0,34,	[1758*

ertfr officers to the faid trufiees or cotomiffiotters, when proper ad-journmcnts have not been made> may have neglefledy or omitted to give J'uch proper notices, as the faid refpeflive afts have required to be made or given, of the next meeting of the faid trufiees or commissioners, notwith(landing which neglefts or omiffions, the faid trufiees or com-miffioners, have met and proceeded to put in execution the faid several alts aforefaid: and whereas doubts have arifen, 'or may arife, with regard to the validity of the proceedings of the faid trufiees or commif-f onersy who have met and afted in the execution of the faid several afts, notwithfianding fucb omiffions or neglefts had happened: for obviating whereof \ be it farther ena&ed by the authority afore* tec* tbr re"air	That where ever it has happened that any fuch truftees or

ing5 pTrtfcutar' Commiffioners as aforefaid, at anytime before the palling of this roads shall adl, have neghedted to meet and adjourn, according to the direct have neglected tion of the faid refpedttve adls, or their clerks or officers Thall to meet and ),avc neglected to give fuch notice of any future meeting, as by their clerks to the rclpedlive adls is directed ; fuch oraiffioti or negledl of give notice of the faid truftees and comraiflioners* or of their clerks or other any future officers, shall not in any manner defeat, invalidate, or make meeting, as void, any adl, matter, or thing, already done by any of the faid aasTdire&-VC tru^ees or com miffioners, in purfuance of the faid adls of par-the validity of liament, or any of them, but that every fuch gdi, matter, or the proceed- thing, shall be good, valid, and effiedtual in the law, to all intents ingsof the faid amj purpofes, and (h«U be fo adjudged and taken, notwithftand-to^e^feated* *n2 an7 want adj<>urntnent, or proper notice as aforefaid; thereby. any law or ufage to the contrary thereof in any wife notwith-When a fuffi- (landing:	and	when	it	(ball	hereafter	happen	that	a fufli-

cient number c*ient number of truftees or commissioners, do not meet to put maU m^meet ^a,(* ^evera^ a<^s execution, that then the clerk or other to adt, clerk, officer of the faid truftees or commissioners, may and (hall, at within 10 days any time within the fpacc of ten days after fuch omiffion or negator to ap- le# 0f the faid truftees to meet as aforefaid, appoint fuch truftees tbne^nd^lace or comm*®oners> to meet at the hoitfe or place where the then for their next* kft meeting was appointed to be held, on the day three Weeks meeting; after the date of fuch notice; and in cafe fuch defk or other and on the officer, shall refufe or negledl to give fuch notice, for the fpace clerks negledl 0f ten jayS> that then it shall and may be lawful for any three give*fuch no- or more of the faid truftees or commissioners, appointed by ths Ice, 3 truftees faid refpedlive adls, at any time within the fpace of ten days af-nny appoint ter fuch negledl: or refufal of the clerk or other officer, to appoint fuch meeting; fuch truftees or commiftioners, to meet at the houfe or place fixedoVfocb where the then laft meeting was appointed to be held, place* as the on the day three weeks after the date of fuch notice; which faid refpe&ive adls refpedlive notices in writing shall be affixed on fuch places as the dircdl.	faid several adls refpedlively diredfc, and the fame shall be deemed

and taken to be fufficient notice; any law or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP.

1758.I Anno trlccfimo primo Geokgii II. c. 35.	367

CAP. XXXV.

An aS to continue several laws therein mentioned* for granting a liberty to carry fugars of the growth, produce* or mamtfafhert* of any of hif Majefty's fugar rfl/tf/Mdfiii America, from the faid colonies direftly into foreign parts* in Jhips built in Great Britain, and navigated according to law** far the preventing the committing of frauds by bankrupts •* for giving further encouragement for the importation of naval fores from the Britifti colonies in America and far preventing frauds and abufes in the ad-1weojuytmnt of coals inthe city and liberty of Weftminfter; and for preventing the ftealing or defraying of madder roots.

\X7 PEREAS the laws herein after mentioned* which have Preamble.

V V by experience been found ufeful and beneficial* ore near expiring ; mqy it therefore pleafe your moft excellent Majefty* that it may be enabled; ana be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confept of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefjent parliament aflem-bled, and by the authority of the fame. That aaaft made in the twelfth year of the reign of his prelent Majesty, intituled, An a& for granting a liberty to carry fugars of the growth* produce, or ma- Aft ** Geo. ^ nu/ofiurf of any of his Majefty's fugar colonies in America, from whl£h the faid colonies direttly to foreign parts* in ftps built in Great Bri- fcvcral fubfel tain, and navigated according to low* which was to continue in quent ads, force for five years, from the twenty ninth day of September one thousand (even hundred and thirty nine, and from thence to the end ofthe then next session of parliament* and which by several ads made in the feventeenth and twenty fourth years of the jreign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the firft day of September one thousand (even hundred and fifty feven, and -from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament;

(hall be, and the fame is hereby further continued from the ex- further conti-piration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September one *°6a9 thousand feven hundred and sixty four, and from thence to the p *17 end of the then next session of parliament.

II. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid* That Aft 5 Geo 1. -an ad made in the fifth year of the feign of his present Majesty, which was con-intituled, An act to prevent the committing of frauds by bankrupts *	£

•which was to continue in force for three years, from the twenty vc'ai fubfc-fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and thirty two, qUCnt afts, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament ; and which by several fubfequentads made in the ninth and fixteenth years of the reign of his present tyUjefty*. was further continued until the twenty ninth day of September one thousand feven hundred and fifty; and which by another ad made in the twenty fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, was

a-

 L.ooQle

368	Anno	tricefimo	primo	GfcofcGli	IL	c.fg»	[*758.

amended and further continued to the firft day of September one tboufand Seven hundred and fifty Seven, and from thence to the

further conti- en<*	t^lcn	nex* ^c®on parliament; shall be, and the

nued to *9 fame *s hereby further continued from the expiration thereof. Sept. 1764. until the twenty ninth day of September one .thoufand Seven hundred and Sixty four; and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament.

Part of the aft And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That of s Geo. 1. So much of an aft made in the eignth year of the reign of his late relating to the majefty King George the firft, intituled. An aCt for giving further ©? wo^firn encouragement of the importation of navalfores; andfor other purposes bcr7 and )um- therein mentionea; as relates to the importation of wood and be/, from A- timber, and of the goods commonly called lumber, therein par-nuarica, ticularly enumerated, from any of his Majefty*s Britijb plantations or colonies in America, free from all customs and impofi-tions whatfoever, which was to be in force for twenty one years, from the twenty fourth day of June one thousand (even hundred and twenty two; and which by several fubfequent afts made m the fixteenth and twenty fourth years of the feign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the firft day of September one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, and from thence to . the end of the then next feflion of parliament; shall be, and Sftr* t*lc **mc ’8 hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, •ept. 1764! until *he twenty ninth day of September one^thoufand feven hundred and sixty four, and from thence to the end of the then next 9	feflion	of	parliament.

IV.	And beit further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That an aft made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An aft more effectually to prevent the frauds and abtifes committed in the admeafurement of coals within the city and liberty of Weftminfter, and jeveral parifhts near thereunto; which was to continue in force from the twenty fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and forty fix, for the term of three years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; and which by two fubfequent afts, one of the twenty third, and the other of the twenty fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the firft day of September one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; (hall, and the fame is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty fourth day of June one thousand (even hundred and fifty nine.

V.	And whereas the growth and cultivation of madder is of great confequence to the trade and manufactures of this kingdom: therefore* for preventing the (leading or defraying of madder roots; be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That if any person or per*

vifted of Seal- *orxs ^a^ an<* ta^c away* or wilfully and malicioufly pull ingor deftroyl UP>or deftroy, any madder roots growing or being in any lands ing madder or grounds belonging to any person or persons, and shall be root*,	thereof convifted before any justice or juftices of the peaceof the

county, town* or place, where the offence shall be committed,

either

Aft 19 Geo. ft. which was continued by several lubfe-quent afts.

further conti. nued to 14 June,1759.



1758.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 36.	369

cither by confeffion of the party offending, or by the oath of <jr*> the anv credible witnefs or witncffes (which oath fuch justice orto mak^fatic-juftices is and are hereby authorized and impowered to admini- fa&\on for the iter) every person fo offending, and being convicted of fuch damage ; offence in manner herein before mentioned, (hall, for the firft offence, give and pay to the owner or owners of the madder roots fo ftolen, pulled up, or deftroyed, fuch fatisfa&ion for his or their damage thereby fuftaincd, and within fuch time, as the faid justice or juftices (nail appoint; and shall over and above and pay to the pay down upon fuch convidtion unto theoverfeers of the poor fencers of of the pari(h where the offence or offences was or were committed, ^ a for the ufe of the faid poor, fuch fum of money, not exceeding since „ot ex. ten shillings, as to the faid justice or juftices shall feem meet; andceeding 10s. if any fuch offender or offenders shall not make fuch recompence or.be com-or fatisfadlipn to the faid owner or owners, and alfo pay fuch fum to the ufe of the poor, in manner and form aforefaid; then the faid re&jon for t* justice or jufticesjhall and may commit fuch offender or often- month, ders to the houfe of correction, for any fpace not exceeding one month; or ,(h*jl and may order fuch offender or offenders to , be whipped jby the ponftable^ or other officer, as to the faid juT vlaion of a* ftice or juftices, shall feem meet; and if anv fuch person or per-like offence fons shall again commit the ^kepffence,andbe thereof convidted, the second as aforelaid, il\en he, (he,pr they, fo offending thfeJccond time,timc a.rc be and being thefeof convided, as afprefaid, (lull Jbe committed to	*°r

the houfe of,f oifedtion, for three tponths.

VI.	Provided always, That no person or persons shall be ^ro^^.tlon profecuted for amr fuch offence of dealing, .puffing up, or de-day^lafter3the ftroyihg of madder roots, uijlefs fuch profecution be begun oftence. within thirty (Jays after the offence committed.

CAP. XXXVI.

An a£l for continuing certain laws therein mentioned relating to Britiih fail clothe and to the duties payable on foreign fail cloth; and to the allowance upon the exportation of Britifh made gunpowder*, and to the encouragement of the trade of the fugar colonies in America ; and to the landing of rum or fpirits of the Britifh furgar plantations, before the duties of excife are paid thereon \ and for regulating the payment of the duties on foreign excifeable liquors \ and for the relief of Thomas Watfon, with regard to the drawback on certain Eaft India calicoes \ and for* tendering more commodious the new pajfage leading from Charing Crofs.

WHEREAS certain lam herein after mentioned, are found p	.

to be very uftful and beneficial to the pubhek, and art near ex- rcam e* piringy and it is fit they jhmld be continued; be it therefore enacted by the King’s tnoft excellent raajefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lordr fpiriroal and temporal, and com-in this prefeat^ariiament affenobled, and by the autbo-

mens.

Sol* XXII.

Bb

rity

 

i'o

Aft 9 Oca *, which was continued by feverai lubfe-cjucnt aits.

further continued to »9 Sept. 17 $4*

Aft 4 Geo. «. which was continued by fevcrai i'ubfe-qucrit afts.

further continued to 19 Sept. 1764.

Aft 6 Qeo. 2* which was continued by levcral fiihfe-i]Uent acts,

further continued to 19 Sept. 1761.

Part of aft IS &

Geo. a. relating to the

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. C> 36.	[1758.

ruy of the fame. That an aft madedn the ninth year of the reign of his pfefent Majesty, intituled. An act for further entmrag-itig and regulating the mamtfafture of Britifh fail doth; and for the more effeftual fecuring the duties now payable on foreign fail cloth imported into this kingdom \ which was to continue fit force fixun the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand feven hundred and thirty fix, for the term ot five years, and from thence to, the end of the then next session of parliament; and which by federal fubfequem afts made in the thirteenth and twenty fourth years of the reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand feven hundred and sixty four, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament,

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That an aft made in the fourth year ot the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An act for granting an allowance upon the exportation 0/Britifh made gunpowder; which was to continue in force for five years, from-the twenty fourth day of June, one rhou-feven hundred and thirty one, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which by feverai fub-fequent afts made in the tenth, fixteentb, and twenty fourth years of the reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, and from thence to the end of. the then next session of parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof yntil the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand feven hundred and sixty four, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

III.	And be it furtlicr enafted by the authority aforefeid. That an aft made in the fixth year of the reign of bis present Majesty, intituled. An act for the better fecuring and encouraging the trade of his Majejly's fugar colonies in America; which.was to continue in force for five years, to he computed from the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand feven hundred and thirty three* and to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which by several fubfequem a&S'made in the eleventh, nineteenth, twenty fixth, and twenty ninth years of the reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand feven hundred and fifty nine, lhall be, and the fame is hereby further continued from tne expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand feven hundred and sixty one.

IV.	£nd be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That fo much of an aft made in the?fifteenth and fixtetmh yoars of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled* An act to impower tbe inn porters or proprietors of rum, or fpirits of the Britifti fugar plan-

fattens,



i75®-] Afino triccfimo prirtib Georgii II.' c. 36/	371

tationsy to land the fame before payment of the duties of excife charg- landing ot ed thereon, and to lodge the fame in ioareboufes at their own expence; and for the relief of Ralph 'Barrow, in	rtfpeflto the duty on paij^vhich

rock fait loft by the overflowing of the rivers Weaver and Dane, as Has continued relates to. the landing of rum, or fpirits of the Britiflj fugar by fevei at (ub-plantations, before payment of the duties of excife, and to the fr<lUCjU lodging of the fame in warehoufes at the expence of the im-porters or proprietors thereof; which was to continue in force until the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand feven hundred and forty nine, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion or parliament; and which, by an acf made in the twenty third year of the feign of his present Majesty, was further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; shall be, and the fame is hereby, further continued further conti-frotn the expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of Sep- §cp 1764.! tember% one thousand feven hundred and sixty four, and from 7 thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament.

V* And whereas no certain time is appointed for the proprietor or proprietors, importer or importers, of all or any kind of foreign liquors liable to the duties of excife on the importation thereof to make duo entry thereof with the officer or collector appointed for the excife in the port or place where, the fame Jballbe imported, and to pay the duties for the fame\ and several perfotrs have refufed or neglefted% for a long time after the importation of fuch foreign excifeable liquors, to make due entry thereof and have infifled to ketp the fame on boardy /2nd even in fome cafes, when the /hips have been put into the docks to be repaired; by which means the payment of the duties due far the fame, have been unfairly poftponed and kept back, and the revenue un-necejfarily put to a very considerable expence by keeping tydefmen on board; and great opportunities are alfo obtained for imbezzling or running on /bore all or part of the faid foreign or excifeeble liquors9 without payment of any duties for the fame, notwithflanding the ut-mojl care and vigilante of the officer to prevent the fame: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That from porei j;. and after the fifth day of July, one thousand feven hun- quorsliable to dred and fifty eight, the proprietor or proprietors, importer or tne Juries of importers, of any kind of foreign liquors, liable to the duties **c,k» *r*to of excife, within thirty days next after the matter or purfer for wUhlri^oday* that voyage of the (hip or veflel wherein the faid foreign excife- attCr the re 7 able liquors, or any of them, shall be imported or brought in- port is made of to the kingdom of Great Britain, (hail have or ought to have tll^c£n^nt$ c made a juft and true entiy or report upon oath, of the burthen, ^^,n® 0 contents, and loading, or fuch (hip or veflel, in purfuance of the directions of the ftatute made in the thirteenth and fourteenth P^?ntt?,he years of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An afl a|3 for preventing frauds, and regulating abufes in his Myefty's cufioms \

(hall make due entry with the officer or colledor appointed for the excife, in the port or place where fuch foreign excifeable liquors lhall be imported, of all fuch foreign excifeable liquors

B b 2	on

 

During the continuance

Armo tricesimo primo Georgii It. c. 36.	[1758*

on board of futh (hip or ve(Rl belonging to fuch proprietor tit* and the dutiee proprietors, importer or importers; ‘ and shall then, or befort, tobe paid then, fetisfy and pay the duties of excife due and payable fo? drfrFin or Wore, and refpeft of the faid foreign excifeable liquors/and fetid th£ lithe, iande?U°W on Pa*n t0 ^or^t ^or cvery negleft or refufal to mafcetftitf Witty on forfeiture or payment, or to land the fame, according to the difoSHbrifcbf of the liquors, this aft, all fuch foreign excifeable liquors, with the titflc/riid with the package wherein the fame shall be contained on board1 (ocH (Rip package. or vefielbelonging to fuch proprietor or proprietors*, toptiieTbr importers, of the fame, fo neglefting or refuting, wfnfeb fhatl and may be feized by any officer or officers of the exrffe.

VI.	Provided always, and it is Hereby declared amj ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That fo long as the faid aft dP the fif-

ZffrS'g tecnt^ anc* (|Xteenth years of his Majesty’s reign shall be conti-Geo. *.5 the nued arK* m force, nothing in the clause laft before mentioned, laft mentioned shall extend, or be conftrued to extend, in any wife to preirent clause is not to or hinder the proprietor or proprietors, importer or importers, w^phitsof m anynim orfpiritsof the growth, produce, or manmafture, the Britiih fu- bf the Britijh fugar plantations, as shall be imported iittb the gar planta- kingdom of Great Britain direftlv from the faid fugar pbmta-tiom;	tions, or any of them (an entry or fuch rum or fpirits being firft

made within the faid thirty days, as direfted by the faid daufe

but the fame * - - -	“	-	3 -	.............* *	-----

may and

given i	«	«	.

duties as the duties of excife in purfuance of the direftions of* tlfe faid aftof recited aftUi- t^e fifteenth and fixteenth years of his MajeOyY reign," if Re, rc 8*	fl>e, or they, shall chufe fo to do, within the fatd term 6f thirty

days.	1

VII.	And it is hereby further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That in all entries or reports of any foreign liquors, liable to the duties of excife, to be made by the matter br purler of any (hip or veffel, in purfuance of the faid aft of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charks tht*S^eoiW,

the number of the number of calksor other package, with the particular mrnfoers t***£> °£	and marks of each of them, and the particular kindiof licfttors

fhe nunibers contained in each calk or other package, on board of each^re-aya marks fpeftive (hip or veflel, shall be inferted in fuch entries or reports, theteon, and bn pain for every negleft or refufal thereof, to forfeit foftf liquor, the contents, with t^e calk or other package wherein the fame (hifll b^wn-ferted, Cin tained, which shall and may be feized by any officer bftbe rx-on forfeiture cife; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary thereof in any of the liquor wife notwithftanding: and that all feizures to bemadfc m ^hir-and package } fuance Qf any of the powers given by this aft, shall fall tieief-go foffieKtng) toy c^arges for the recovery thereof Ming firft dedufted ) be Writhe other u> ployed, one moiety thereof to and for the ufe of his Nfajdty, the feizer. his heirs, and fuccelTors, and the other moiety to thefoizeror prefecutor.

VIII.	And, in order to enable the gaugers or officers of theheottifi^ the better' to afeertain the proof of all foreign imported liqubrs'y BAth *to the duties of excife y it is hereby further enafted by the ibHto-

K	rity

%

In entries of foreign liquors, purfu ant to aft x 3 Sc 14 Car. 2.





I75&.] Anew trienfimo primo Georgjj II. c.36.	375

rity aforefaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Gauger may gangers or officers of the excite, at any time or tunes, totake a**?6* a fempJe fampHe or. famples (not exceeding one quart in the whole) outoiderw0”’ of each pf the cades or other, package,, containing fuch foreign afeertsin the

paying

lame.

Ipiritoous liquors, paying for fuch (ample or famples of liquors,*proof, j ^fter thei^tc q£ fixteen millings./ter gallon.	fot thc

t, J3C And whereas by a fuddett fire which broke out in the work-Jhopof ^tyomas Watfon of Morris’s Caufcway, in the parijb of LanSoetb in the county of ourry, callicoe, printer, on the eighth day of September, one thousand /even hundred and .fifty five, tib* thou-Jand two hundred and one pieces of printed Eaft India callicoes, of the value of two thousand two hundred and forty nine pounds, fifteen Jbil-h*gU tmi eleven pence, were burnt anddefrayed: and whereas fiundry duties were paid at the cuftom-hcup, London, upon the importation of the Mi callicoes, and the fame w&e intended to have been export-efi to foreign parts, being by daw prohibited to be worn in thefe king- . dents, and upon , the exportation thereof a drawback, to the amount of fevers hundred .and thirty fix pounds and four J,hillings, would have bo-come payable to the exporter thereof: for the relief therefore of thefaid Thomas Watfon; be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That Debenture to the collector or other proper officer or officers of the customs at ** °w thc port of London, (hall, and he and they are hereby im* ^aifon^or ppwered and required, to make out and grant a proper deben* la0i piece* of ture or debentures, for the faid two thousand two hundred and callicoes one pieces oft callicoes, whereby the (aid Thomas Watfon may be b.urn*?t0 *9-intitled to draw back fuch part pf the duties paid on thc impor- aJawback ot tationof the faid callicoes, as would have been drawn back up* the duties paid pn {^exportation thereof, in the fame manner as if the. (aid cal* on the impor* licoes had been exported to parts beyond thc feas.	tation.

X.	And whereas the pqffoge called The New Paflage leading from Charing Crofs into Saint James’s Park, is very narrow, in* convenient, and dangerous, and it would be of publief convenience to widen and render the fame commodious; be it therefore enabled by The New Paf-the authority aforefaid, That the faid paflage shall from hence* fage from forth be deemed and taken to be one of the ways, ftreets, avc* Charwa Croft nues, or. paflages, within the defeription of an a£t pafled in the pa%Sfsa^eJc twenty ninth year of the reign of his present Maiefty, intituled, deemed one An a& to enable the cornmijfiouers for building a bridge crofs the river of the ways , of Thame$, from the city of Weftminfter to the opposite port in intended to be the county of Surry, to pur chafe houfes and grounds, and to widen the ways^ anf to make more fafe and commodious the ftreets, avenues, ad*of 29 Geo* and pajfages, leading from Charing Crofs, to the two houfes of par* liament, Weftminfter MoM,anithe courts of justice there, and Weft-mmfter. Bridge; and to enable a lefs number of tommiffioners to ext* cute the fevtral afls relating to the faid bridge, than at present are required by law, and for relief of George and James King, with regard so a leapt taken by their late father from the faid commiftiom* ers, according to the true intent and meaning of the laid a<£t; and all. .and every the powers and authorities, cla.ufes, rules, forms,.directions, matters, and things, preferibed, mentioned, exprefled, a^d contained in .the laid aft, shall extend, , and be *	B	b	3	'	*	* deemed



J74	Anno trieefimo prirooGBOKOii II. c. 37. r175®-

aiwi tiic com- deemed and conftrued to extend, to impower the &td coromif-or any fivcor more of them, to widen and render &fe ^^"t'hefam* aQd commodious for carriages and pafiengers on foot, the fold accordingly j new paffige, as fully and effectually to ail intents and purposes whatsoever, and in fuch manner, and by fuch ways and mens, as they the faid commiflioners, or any five or more of them, are authorized and impowered to open and widee any ways, ftrects, avenues, or paflages, leading from Charing Croft, to the two houfes of parliament, iPefimnfler Hall, and the oowrtt of juft ice there, and Wejlminjler Bridge, by virtue of the faid recited a&, or by any of the powers or authorities thereby to them given.

and to apply XI. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforofiad, fuch of the 7 That when the (aid commiflioners shall have caufed to be open-fur pi us mo- ed and widened all fuch ways, ftreets, avenues, and portages, niesremainmg from Charing Crt/s afore (aid, to the two houfes of parliament, ITftlro^nirig!	Holland the courts of juftire there,.ai^^*»-

4c. of the fier Bridge, according to the directions of the laid recited .a, if other ways any monies granted by parliament, for the purposes of the (kid and ftreets, a£t, and the incidental expenees thereof, shall then remain in their hands, they the laid commiflioners, or any five or more of them, shall an'd they are hereby authorized, dire&ed, ficienttd ren"atK* retlu,rct** t0 *pply all fuch monies, or fo much thereof as der the faid shall be fulficient for that purpofe, in opening, widening, and New PaiTage rendering fafe and commodious for carriages and paflengers on fafe: and com foot, the faid paflage now called The New	leading	from

modious.	Charing Craft aforewid, into Saint Pari, and in	defrayi-

ng the incidental expenees thereof, in fach manner as they, or any five or more of them, shall order, dired, and appoint, according to the true intent and meaning of this a&.

CAP. XXXVII.

An act to p	rmit the exportation of certain quantities of malt

now lying in his Majcfly's ftoreboufes ■, and to allow the bounty upon fuch corn and malt as was flapped and cleared for Ireland, on or before a limited time.; and to authorize the tranfportation of flour, meal, bread, and	to the

iflands of Guernsey and Jeriey, for the of the inhabitants there, in lieu of the wheat, malt, or barley, which may now, by	law, be	tranfporte to thofe iflands.

\\THEREAS by an ait tf parliament mod* in tbehft ftjfm

Preamble, re- yy tr parliament , intituled.An adt to prohibit, for a time to citing certain ,	r	*	.	A	.	r	Ja	.	.

daufes and h* limited, the exportation of cam, malt, meal, flour, bread,

provides in bifeuit, and ft arch, it was ena&ed, That no person ar persons what-act 30 Geo. i. foever, at any time or times before the twenty fifth day ^December, one tboufand /even hundred andfifty feven, should direflly or indire&ly export, tran[port, carry, or convey, or eaufe or procure to be exported, tranfported, carried% or conveyed, out of or from Great Britain or Ireland, or load or lay on board, or eaufe or procure to he lade tf or '	.	kid



375

if56.]	Anno tricdimo primo Gborgii II. c, 37.

bid-on board,	tie any «r tther vtffitl or boat, in order to ex-

fortedior- tarried out of tb find kingdom of Great Britain or Ireland, my firt tftorn, malt four, tread,	or	fiarcb,

under-4 be penalties therein mentioned 1 and	is	contained a

frmnfi, .That/be jaid aft, or any thing therein contained, Jbould not attend tnany ,	offit find	commodities which Jbould he exported, or

Jhippedfob axperttd, out of or from Great Britain /<> Ireland, or firm,Ireland to Great Britain, or from Great Britain Ireland, la Gibraltar,'	or onto any of bis Majefifs	colonies in A-

mtatm, that bane ujuody been fupplitd with any	the feud commo-

dities from Grant Britain or Ireland, for tb fuftentatson of tb inhabitants of the faid iJJands, colonies, or	,	for tb bnefit

of. the Bfitdh Mary in tbefe parts only, under fitch reftriftiens, .and fubjefttofuto fetfe’tfures and penalties, as	therein mentioned t

and alfo-anetber	pmifa That fie faid aft,, or any thing

taineeL, Jheuid not extend te eny wheat, mk, or , to b tranf-perted tut of or from tb port of Sautfeampton only, unto tb ijbnds of Jflriey and Gnernfcy, tr	ehbrof them,, for the only of tb

inhabitants of tbefe ifienis, ft as tb	wifi fie re-

qwjhet therein	mntweed,and fe as tb guantity of wheat, malt,

and bar ley, which at any time or times after the	of fie faid

aft1* and bftre tb twenty fifth, day of December, one thoufimd /even-hundred ami fifty fauea, Jbould be Jhipped at the faid pert fer Jntfey and Guernsey, or either of , as aforefaid, did net ex-otedm tbt whole, fiat	ihmfimdquarters j and alfo another,

That nothing in the faid aft contained, Jbould extend to any malt dt-tdartd or etude for exportation oner	tb fourth day ^Decem-

ber* one tboufaud'feven buniredand fifty fexi which JbwU be ex-parted* providedJhe reqyifiies therm mentioned, were complied with by the proprietor or proprietors thereof: end whereto the fetid joQ was by an aft of parliament made in this present session of parliament, further continued from the expiration thereof until the twenty fourth fiay of December, one thoeefaud feven hundred and fifty fight \ and in which faid laji-menUoned off is contained a provifo, That during the continuance of fetch a8% the bounty or bounties granted by any law upon the exportation of any of the commodities therein before-mentioned, Jhotdd not be allowed or paid to any perfoee upon the exportation thereof out of this kingdom, to any place .wbatfeever, or by tobatfc-ever.authonts the fame may be exported: ana whereas certain quantum of barley were making into malt and declared for exportation, by or on the behalf of .the merchants of Norwich and Yarmouth, before* or about the time of the paffing of the faid fir ft mentioned a& 1 and fiub male veto a&uaHy made before the end ejf Jtcmpty, one theufimd feven hiasdred and fifty feven \ and the fame malt b ywv lying mbis Majefty's fierehoufes under the care of the proper officers of excife: and whereas the faid malt is not fit for home cotfumptioft*

' but was mauufahhtred for the Holland market; and the faid merchants have not been ablet by reafanof thafl faffed in this session for continuing the fetid former afl, to export the faid malt within the time limited by an all for granting a duty upon malt; be it therefore eroded by the King’s mod exceNent majefty, by and with the

B b 4	'	advice

376	Anno	tricefimo primo Georgii II. C.37.	[175ft.

advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afiembled, and by the autho-Merchants of rity of the fame. That it shall be lawful for the merchants erf Norwich and tjlc cjty 0f Norwich, and borough of Yarmouth, in the county pennitted to Norfolk, to export, and (hip to export, out of this kingdom, export to on or before the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand Holland, with- fcven * hundred and fifty eight, to any of the ports in Helloed, in a limited two hundred lefts of malt, commonly called Long Malt, or any ofLon* Mak P*Tthereof, now lying in his Majesty’s ftorehoufes,under the lying in the 9 c*1* of the proper officers of excife, and which was entered and Kina’s ftore- declared for exportation,on or before the thirty firft day of Jammy, hooifirs,	one thousand (even hundred and fifty feven, in the fame man-

en^r'dTorex- ner> as ^ no a& °r a&s had ever pafied to the contrary; fo as portation on t*lc «*P«ter, before the lading of fuch malt, or laying the fame crbefore 3i on board arty (hip or veflel, do become bound with other fuf-Jan. 1757; ficient fecurity, in the treble value thereof, to the commissioners fecurny for or ot^cr chief officer or officers of his Majesty’s caftoms, be-the due land- longing-to'the port or place where the feme shall be (hipped or ing.&c.there-puton board (who is hereby impoweredto rake fuch fecurity in ot in Holland. ins Majesty’s name, and to his Majesty’s ufe, and far which fecurity no tee or reward shall be given or taken) that fuch malt dhall be landed in Holland (the danger of the feas and the enemy-only excepted) and that fuch malt shall not be landed or fold in any other place whatfoever 3 any thing contained in any former, ad or afts of parliament, to the contrary notwithftaiuU ing.

Proprietors ' II. And be it further errafted by the atohority aforefaid, That difeharged each and every of the proprietors of the aforefaid two hundred rie?in	ma^ ls arc	acquitted,	(Wed, and difcharged,

of not dear- and from all 'penalties' whatfoever, by any former aft of par* iog the faid liameht laid orinflifted on him or them refpeftively, or which inaltout ot	he or they refpedriwely may be fubjtft or liable to, for not re-

theif ftore-	moving or clearmgthe faid*two hundred lafts of malt, or any

thehmeli-	P*1* thereof* out of the ftorehoufe or ftorehoufes, or^her place

snitefL by law. °r places, within fifteen months after the fame was carried therein refpeftively ; any thing contained in any former aft or afts of parliament to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding. proprietors * 'HI. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall not intitled to intitle the proprietor or proprietors of the faid two hundred apy bounty on Jafts Qf ^alt, or of any part thereof, to any bounty or bounties rion.eXp0rta oh fuch exportation; any thing herein contained to the con-^	trary notwithftanding.

IV.	And whereas certain quantities of barley were m:k\ng into wait, and rieckred for exportation, by or m the behalf of several per-fans inhabiting within the difirifls of Lynn and Wells, in the £-, v'	writs of the Lyrtn col/etlion of estcife in the county of Norfolk, oner

before the thirtieth day of January, one thousand feyen hundred and fifty feven> and the faid malt is now lying in his Majejiy's fioreheufos, t I-.. J cand is not fit for home confumptim \ be it therefore further enafted Ltnaand ° by the authority aforefaid. That it shall be lawful for the inha-vvdts, per- bitants of the faid diftrifts of Lynn and Wells, to export, and v : w - a -	.	(hip

 

1758.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 37.	377

(hip to export, out of this kingdom, on or before the faid twen- mined to ex. ty ninth day of September, one thousand feven hundred and fifty P°rt.to *j°** eight, to any of the ports in Holland, three hundred and fifty ^ re^ula^ lefts of malt, commonly called Long Malty or any part thereof cions, *50 lafts now lying in his Majesty’s ftorehoufes, under the care of the of Long Malt, proper officers of excife, and which was entered and declared lying m the ^ for exportation, on or before the thirtieth day of January, one	°re*

thoufand feven hundred and fifty feven, in mch and the fame which were manner, and under the like regulations, as are herein before enter'd for ex* authorized and appointed with relation to the exportation of potation on malt, by the merchants of Norwitb and	;	and	the in- un. 17s? j°

habitants of the faid diftrids, shall be, and are hereby alfo, in like and* they are manner,freed and difcbarged from all penalties incurred or to be in* likewifc dif-euned for not removing or clearing of the (aid three hundred and charged from fifty lafts of malt, out of the ftorehoufes or other place or places, elationthere! vrithin the time' limited by any former law for that purpofe; ro. but nothing herein contained (Hall intitle any proprietor or proprietors of the faid three hundred and fifty lafts of malt, to any bounty or bounties on fuch exportation5 any thing contained in any former alt or . alts of parliament to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

V.	And whereas divers perfonswithin tins kingdom did aSualby

flip,	orcaufe to	he flipped for exportation to Ireland, divers quan-

tities of tom and malt, on or before the twenty fourth day ^December, one thousand feven hundred and fifty and the _ wherein the fame were ft	flipped,	were, on or before the faid twenty

fourth day of December, one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, former acts, adtually cleared 5 be it therefore further enaded by the authority on exporta-nforefaid. That the bounty or bounties granted on the expor-tl0" of earn tation of corn and malt by each and every of the ads of parlia- b" allowed to ment now in being, shall be allowed and paid to each and every exporters of of the exporter and exporters of corn or malt which was (hip- fuch com and ped and cleared for exportation to Ireland, on or before the J®dta*yw twenty fourth day of December, one thousand feven hundred	or

•and fifty feven, in the fame manner as if the (aid ad made in before *4 Dec. this present feflion of parliament had never been made; any 1757. thing therein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

VI.	And whereas it would bo of great relief and advantage to the

inhabitants of the ijlands of Jerley andGuemfey, if a fufficient quantity of meal, pour, bread,	and	bifeuit,was allowed to be tranf*

ported to the faid iflands,for the only ufe of the inhabitants there, in-

Jleai of the like quantity of wheat, malt, or barley, now allowed by law to be tranfported to thoje ifends; be it therefore further enaded Liberty grant-by the authority aforefaid. That it (haU be lawful at ’any. time jd of exporter times before the twenty fourth day of December, one tbou- ofSouth-find feven hundred and fifty eight, to tranfport fr<Jm the port ampton, wiehl of Southampton only, unto the find inlands of Jcrfey and Guernsey, in a limited for the only ufe of the inhabitants there, any quantity or quan- time, and in tides of meal, flour, bread, or bifeuit, in lieu of the like qUan- I'm1 ted quantity or quantities of wheat, malt, or barley, now allowed by law fl0'urbread’, to be tranfported to the feid iflands, fo that the whole quantity or bifeuit, for

of the ufe of the



373	Anao	tricefimo	primo	Ge&SlQil lL G«§S.

inhabitant! of 0f wheat, malt* barley, meal. flour, broad, ORdbe&ui Vtnmf* Jerfcy and . ported to the fold islands before the fad twenty fourth day u€ ucrn y * December* one thoa&nd feiren hundred and fifty eight, doth twt exceed the quantity of wheat, malt, or barley, now limited by law to be tranfponted to the fttd islands ; and fecb,tnm<pofftan lion hereby authorised and allowed, shall be made under 4och the fame to and the like regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, as the tratif-portation of wheat, malt, and harley, so the faid islands is now regulations.	;	any	thing in any former ail or aft s contained ** th*

contrary notwithstanding,

70 lb. averdu- VII. And be it further enafted by the authority rforefatd, poife wt. That in order to ascertain the amount ofthefaid tranQxxrutioo, deemed equal every feventy pounds averdupoife weight of bread or hifouit, to a bulhel.	be	deemed	rcfpeftively,	for	the porpofee of thtt aft, equal

to one bulhel of wheat, malt, or barky.

Account terbe VIII. And be it further enafted by the authority dforefaid, laid before	That the commifftooers of the cuftocns for the time being, Audi,

parliament of ^	requited	togpve-a'foU	aoflh true acoonntin

to exported.# Anting to both houfes of parliament, at the beginning ef the next session thereof, of all flour, meal, bread, and bilcuiL that shall have been exported to each of the faid islands of Jit&j WBd Guirnfy) by virtue or in purfoance ^of this aft.

IX.	And he it further enafted by the authority aforefidd. That if any aftion or (bit shall be commenced agamft any per-fon or persons for any thing done infwrfuaace ot this oft, the defondant or defendants in any fitch aftion or fair, may plead Generalise, the general tffue, and give this aft, and the fpetial matter, m

evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the feme was done in purfuance, and by the authority of this aft; and if it shall appear fo to have been done, the jury shall hod for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff fhaii be non** 'foiled, or difeontinue his aftion, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or if judgement shall begiveo upon any verdift or demurrer, againft the plaintiff the defend apt or Treble cofts. ^e^cr^Jflts snd may recover treble cofts, and havetbe like remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes by law.

CAP. xxxvni.

An act for applying a fum of money granted in this feflion of parliament towards carrying on the works for fortifying and fecuring the harbour of Milfora in the eounty of Pembroke.

Preamble. 10,0001. to be iflfued out of the monies granted for the ferrice of the current year, towards carry in* on the works for fortifying the harbour of Milford. Commiffioners appointed for carrying the purpofcs of this aft into execution. Coramiflioncr* may farvey and ftt exttfce lands proper to be purchased for carrying on the laid works; and determine, in a fummary way, all claims and controverfies, Sec. relating thereto. Lands deferibed within the boundaries of fuch furvey, are velted in truftecs, for the benefit of the parties interefted, till the purchafe-monies are paid 1 or certificates be made forth for the payment. Commiffioners im powered to treat for the abfolute purchafe of* fuch lands; conveyances thereof 4ano~ ed valid. Where persons lhall xefufe to treat or agree, or shall be difabUd from treating, See. Warrant it to be ifTued to me Sheriff for fommoning ,	a	jury

 

379

j 758.3 Anno tricesimo primo Geokgii II. c.39.

a jury to affeft the damage and recom pence s Sheriff to return and fum-mon a jury accordingly, and attend with his officers, to prove the fervke of fuch fntnmont; on penalty of forfeiting -not exceeding to I. nor lefs than 10L Juror negleftinr his duty, without lawful excufe, liable to be fined not exceeding iol. Fines to be eftreated into the exchequer. A fuf-ficient jury nfit attending, the inqueft to be adjourned ; and a new warrant iffutd for returning a fuflkient number of jurors. Twelve to make a jury 5 and, upon their being fvrorn, commissioners to fit till the inq«ieft be taken, and judgement given thereon. Commiffioners m*y fummon and examine wknefles upon oath, and caufe the evidences and writings of the premifles to he produced. 30 days notice to be given of the meetings of commissioners for determining claims 1 and of the meetings of the juries. Perfons fummoned, refuting to appear, or to produce the evidences of their eftates* liable to be fined not exceeding 51. Decrees of commissioners relating to claims, agreements, conveyances, verdifts, and judgements thereupon, to be final and conclufive. Where perfans interested shall ex-oreft tl ieir defire to have their claims afeertained by a jury, the commif-noners are to caufe a jury to be impanelled and returned for that purpofe. Verdift of the jury, ana judgement of the commissioners thereon, to be final and conchifive. Entry to be made of all orders, judgements, decrees, agreements, and verdifts ; fpecHying the houfes, number of acres, or parcels of land, their abuttals and boundaries, and parties interefted $' and the fums to be paid for the fame. Duplicates thereof to he ingroffed on jparchmeat, ana certified to the clerk of the crown, and remembrancer of the exchequer. Certificates to be granted to the parties interefted ; fur-beyor general of the ordnance, to make out biUs thereupon, with debentures for the fum* certified, to be paid by the treafurer. Truftees thereupon, to Hand feifed of the premifles. Certificates, on refufal to be accepted, may be depofited with the clerk of the peace. Where parties ingrafted shall be incapable of taking and dHpofing of the purchafir monies, the commissioners are to decree into whofe hands the fame shall be paid for their ufe ; and the money to be laid out in other purchases, to be fettled to like trulls and ufes; and till it /hall be fo employed, may be placed out at intereft. Commiffioner not to aft where he is interefted. Account of the application of the monies for carrying on the works, to be laid every year before parliament. Charges of this aft to be firft paid. Limitation of aftions. General iffiie. Treble cofts.

CAP. XXXIX.

An act for veiling certain mefluages, lands, tenements, and hcredita-'tneots, for the better fecurmg his Mai efty’s docks, (hips, andftores, at Fortifhoutlu Chatham, and Plymouth, and for the better fortifying the town of Portfmouth, and citadel of Plymouth, in truftees, for certain ufes * and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Preamble. Specification of land to be taken into the intended works and fortifications at Plymouth, Portfmouth, and Chatham, and to v*ft in certain truftoes, till the purchafe-money for the fame be afeertained and paid j Truftoes names. 4.I. per cent, interest allowed for 1 year, on the gsofs fum afleflad for the value of the premifles. Purchafc money to be paid put of the next aids granted in parliament. Commiffioners 0/ claims to he appointed by his Majesty j who are to proceed in a fummary way in their getenpiuations. by examination of witnefles, and infpeftion of evidences, or by a jury of inquell; with power to fend for persons and papers 5 and to agree for, or detenftine tbe valpe of the premifles, by any of thofe way* and means* their judgements and decrees to be entered in proper books, fpecifying the particular* of the lands, the proprietors, and purchafe-rooney * and a duplicate thereof, ingrafted on parchment, to be certified to the clerk of the crown in chancery, and to the remembrancer in the exchequer j the fame to be final and conclufive; and copies thereof to he laid before parliament, in order to the granting a compenfation to the proprietors. Commiffioners may iffiie warrants to the refpeftive fherifts for impanelling and fummoning juries * fheriflf to obey the (aid warrants, and fummon and return a jury accordingly i and to attend on the return.



3$C

PrfiMnble.

Anno tricesimo prima Gjcorgii tl. c.40.	[1758.

wqib kit officers* to prove tbe fervtce of fuch fummoftvif oeqJEuy. She? riff negle&ing his duty in any of the premiAes* to be proceeded againft in a fummary wav, upon complaint to the court of chancery, &c. till be shall have madeutisfafiion, and complied with (belt warrant. Juror aqg-feeing his duty, without lawful excufe, may be fined in a Turn not -fx-ceeding sol. Fines to be eftreated into the exchequer. I nqueft to be adjourned for want of a fufficient jury ; and warrants to be iffiKd for returning a proper number of jurors. Twelve to be a jury 5 and upon the jurors being fwom, commifltoners to continue fitting, till the inquift lie taken, and judgement be given thereon. 30 days previous notice an be given of cpmmifhoners meeting for the purposes aforefaid * and where the

Serfons refufc to appear, or produce the evidences of their claims, ipqueft, c. to be made uplon the beft information can be had, bpon payment of the fum awarded to the proprietors, the truftees are to (land teifed of tbe prettifies, divefted of all right and daim. No privare buildings to he erected on the faid lands $ and tbe profits arifiog therefrom, to be,applied jm reparation of the fortifications. Coinmifiioners, upon complaint made to them, are to enquire into, and make an eftimate of, the damage done to private grounds, by making the new works: and to report their opinion* as to what roads may properly be laid out for tbe ccmvcniency of the adjacent lands. Lord of the manor of Stoke Damereil, allowed to dig lime ftones, and other ftones, proper for building, or paving tbeftreets of the town, within a certain diftance of the works, and to buiid lime kilns; and . to enjoy a foot-way and pafiage from the ferry to Dock Town, fire, -and alfo to enjoy a proper landing place on Mutton Cove, and ground tojeced keys and wharfs thereon, and a carriage-way to the fame; with the,fane-, rat landing places, fire, now ufed over the creek and river. No ferry boat , to be made ufe of for pafiage over the creek, except in the King's fervice, without licence of the lord of »lie manor. Commifiioners exempted from , the penalties of the aft of 15 Car. a. 2 W. fir M. 13 fir 14. W; 3- and s i Geo. s. nor is their feat in parliament vacated thereby.	t	>

CAP. XL.

Ait afflio afcertain tbe weight	of , And to	fu*

' nijh deceits in tbe fate of bay and jlraw itr truffes' m [London, and within the weekly bills	,’	arid

within tbe diftance of thirty. miles thereof and prevent common falefmen of bay	from	buying	tbe

- fame on tbetr own account% to f again; andalfoto refittain falefmen, brokers, or faffhrs in cattle, from buying on tbeir own account, to fell again, any live cattle in London,’ or within the weekly bills of mor, or which ar^ driving up thereto.

YJIT HE RUTAS great	abufes are	committ

in bundles or trujfcs in the city of Loudon, and within tie limits of the weekly bills of mortality, and other places about London, of lefs weight than the fame ought to be, and are	be,	be*

tween buyer and feller; and alfo by putting into bundles or truffes of Jlraw and hay expofed	for fale,ft raw and.bay different in goodnqfs or

quality from what the jlraw or hay, by the outjsde of fuch bundles or trujjes, appears to be, and alfo by putting other things into or amongft fuch bundles of truffes ofdraw and hay, to make up or	a

falfe	weight:for remedy whereof be it enabled by thp Xing’s

mofl excellent majeftv, by and with the advice and. con Cent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament alTemblcd, and by the authority of the fame, That

from

Digitized 6y CjOO^Ic

1L	5%

from and after the twenty ninih of September one thousand feverk Straw to be hundred and fifty eight, all draw which shall be fold or delivered in, or brought to or expofed for fale in London, or any comprized biil*rif to oe within the limits of the weekly of mortality, shall be fold and made up into dfellverta 1ft bundles or trufles, each whereof shall be firmly trufles turmly boun^! or tied up; and that every fuch bundle or trufs of draw WC| h shall be the foil weight of thirty fix pounds of good and found ^u,, ot^kmnd ftraw, e*clttftve of any other thing which shall be put therein ; ihaw. atid ?f atiy'perfon or persons fliall, after the faid twenty ninth-day of September, fell, or deliver, or bring into, or expofe for ^^iiyfoTd fale, in London, or within the limits of the faid weekly bills of *ln lruflcsf Mortality, or in any plage within thediftance of thirty miles from whether wiih-the extent of any part of the limits of the faid weekly bills of in the faid mortality, where (Haw shall be fold in bundles or trufles, any. wcck|y bundle or trufs of ftraw which shall be of lefs weight than thirty iUncc?and fix pounds of good and found ftraw, or which shall befin the (hail be w*nt-irtfide of any filch bundle or trufs of different goodnefs of qua- ing of that lity from what the fame by the outfide of any fuch bundle or	^

trufs, shall appear to be, he, (he, or they, who shall lo offend i» the infide of* the prevnifies, on being convi6tcd thereof, in manner herein after a woi ic qua-mentioned, shall forfeit and pay every time any fuch ftraw fhsrtf hty than the be brought for fale, or fold or delivered in London, or within the outj\dc im* limits of the weekly bills of mortality, not in bundles or trufles, ^ offender the sum of twenty (hillings; and the lum of one (hilling for forfeits, for all every bundle or trufs of ftraw, which he, (he, or they, fhaH fell, draw not fold or bring into, or expofe for fale in London, or within the limits delivered of the faid weekly bills of mortality, or in any place within the '^d faid dlftancc of thirty miles from the extent of the limits of the trufs under7 faid weekly hills of mortality, where ftraw shall be ufually fold weight, or of by the bundle or trufs, which shall not be of the faid fgll weight a nuxt quality, of thirty fix pounds of good and found ftraw, or which shall be proved to be, in the infidc of any fuch bundle or trufs, of different gdodnefs or quality from what the fame, by thefoutfide of any fuch bundlC’Or trufs, (hatt appear to be,

e II. 'And feeit further enacted by the authority aforefind, That Trades of hay every trufs of hay which, after the (aid twenty ninthday of Sep- to be made up timber, shall be (old in, or brought into, or expofed for fale, in in hke man-London, or any place comprized within the limits qf the ,faid^ . weekly bills of mortality, or which shall be fold in any plage found hay within the faid di fiance of thirty miles from the extent of the only, and of limits of the faid weekly bills of mortality, where hay shall be equal goodnefs fold in bundles or trufles, shall be made up with good and found an^^fe^ound hay only, and fuch as the fame shall appear to be by the outfide hay to be al-of every fuch bundle or trufs; and that fuch hay only as shall be lowed in

?>ood and found shall be deemed and taken to be the hay which weight only, s to make up the weight every trufs of bay by law ought to be.

III.	And be it furrher enacted by the authority aforefaid. That Weight of the the pair of bands with which any trufs of hay shall be bound, band* of a [hall not exceed the weight of five pounds, upon pain that every tmfi of hay perfoil who fhafl fell any trufs of hay with bands of a greater

weight forfeiting ^ is.



Anno tricesimo primo Georg 11 D; 0*40.	[175S1

weight then fife pound*, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit

and pay the sum of one (hilling.

Perfont era- IV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, ployed ro bind xhat if any person or persons employed to bind hay or draw, not conform- ^all not bind up and make the fame into bundles or truffes of inz to the fuch weight and quality as is direded bv this atft, every filch per-ruTes of this fon fo offending lhall forfeit and pay the sum of three pence for aft, forfeit 3d* every bundle or trufs of hay or draw, not being of fuch weight the owner ob- am* quality; provided the fame be objected to by the owner jetting within thereof within twenty four hours after the fame shall be fb bound 24. hours. or made up, and before the fame (ball be removed.

Salefman boy. V- And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That ing, after29 from and after the faid twenty ninth day of September, no perfbn September, who shall aft as a common falefman in felling hay or draw for od^hTrown* an^ otber perfon, for gain or reward, or by commin&on, in Lon-acconnrto fell or within the faid limits of the (aid weekly bills of mortality, again,	(hall dire&ly or indirectly buy any hay or draw on his own ac-

count, other than what ne (nail purchafe to fpend for his own ufe: and thatif any fuch person who shall fo aft as a falefman of hay or draw (hall, after the (aid twenty ninth day of Septembery buy r 11* any hay or draw on his own account to fell again; or shall fell tertgSep. * in London, or within the laid limits of the faid weekly bills of temberinLon- mortality, any hay or draw which shall have been bought by don, or within him on his own account, he, (he, or they, on being convicted Wtls*fu*1or there°f in manner herein after mentioned, (hall, for evefy fech ftraw bought offence, forfeit and pay the sum of one (hilling for every trufe by him on his of fuch hay or draw which shall be fo fold by or for him. own account, VI. Ands in order to prevent any undue praftices between the truf|ltS *S I>Cr owners or fokfmen of bay or ftraw, and the fervants of the buyers ru *'	thereof; and to the end it may be known at what price bay or ftraw

* fold within the limits aforefaid^ Iball be equally fold; be it further A regider to enafted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid be kept in the ^wcnty ninth day of September, there shall be kept in the hay wlttorTLon- market in the city of London, and at every other hay market don, and the within the limits of the faid weekly bills of mortality, where weekly bills ; hay or draw is or shall be allowed to be fold, a book or regifter for entering and regidering therein an account of all hay and draw which shall be fold in any fuch hay market refpeftively \ in London, by and that fuch book or regider shall be kept in London by the hay the proper bay weigher, who shall be appointed by the mayor, commonalty, and weigher, citizens of the faid city of London, to weigh the hay brought for and in other fale into the faid city, or his deputy or deputies; and out of places by the the faid city of London^ within the limits of the faid weekly bills clerk or toll Df mortality, by the clerk or toll-gatherer of every hay market gatherer. within the faid limits, or his or their deputy or deputies; and Vender with*lliat evcry Perf°a who shall fell any hay or draw in London, or in a limited within the limits of the feid weekly bills of mortality, his fcr-rime, to make vant or agent, (hall, within Gx hours after any hay or ftraw an entry there- fha||9 at any time, be fold in any publick hay market in London, or rt!aw fold* or	t*ie	^ limits of the weekly bills of mortality, and

by him, within feven days after every fale of hay or draw in London, or

within

 

#758*3 Anno tricesimo prrmo GeoKGii II. c. 40.	3&3

within the faid limits of the weekly biHs of mortality, shall bt made, out of any fuch hay market in London, at in any place within the Hmits of the faid weekly bills of mortality, make an entry* in the book or regifter of the hay market, in which any fuch bay or ftraw (ball be fold; or where the fame fhal! not be fold in any foch hay market, then in the book or regifter of the hay market which shall be moft contiguous to the place in Lon-dm* of within the limits of the fard weekly bills of mortality, in which any fuch hay or ftraw shall be fold; d’rftinguifhing therein the names and places of abode of the owners and fellers of any diftinguifttingj fuch hay or ftraw, and the names and places of abode of the re- the names and fpetftrve buyer or buyers thereof, and alfoof the person or persons pi^f!0*abode for whom or for wnofe ufe any fuch hay or ftraw shall be fo reilers^smd^ bought, and alfo the day in which fuch hay or ftraw shall be fo buyer*. and boughtrand (lie true price at which the fame shall be really fold ; for wbofe ufe and every person who shall fell any fuch hay or ftraw, his fervant ramc or agent, mall fign his name,or fet his mark, to every fuch en- ^ ”date"nd try which he lhall fo make or caufe to be made, and shall pay price j for the fame to the tray weigher, clerk, or toll-gatherer, of the and to fign marker, who shall keep fuch book or regifter as aforefaid, theth*1faid c"try* fum of one penny; and every foch hay weigher, clerk, or toll- ^t£Ybe gatherer, of the market, or his deputy or deputies, fhaN, at all cicrk, &c. teafonable times in the day time, and during the market hours Kegifter to be herein after mentioned, permit arty person to have recourfc to, foipefttd by and infpedi arty fuch book or regirar which rttall be fo kept for MySnaaq11 °n any fuch hay market, the person fo defirtng to infpe<3 the fame, p y 5 paying for etfery fuch infpeclibn the Him of one half-penny; and if the feller of any fuch hay or ftraw in London, or within the li- v^.dcr M5m mits of the faid weekly bills of mortality, his fetvant or agent, ^c^uch en-. shall not make foch entry as aforefaid in fuch book or regifter, |ry,&c. within the faid fpace of fix hours after any fale shall be made of any fuch hay or ftraw in arty publick hay market in London, <_r within the fard limits of the weekly bills of mortality, and within the faid fpace of feven days after every fale of any hay or ftraw in London, or within the faid limits of the weekly bills of mortality, out of any fuch hay market, or shall not fign hfs name or put his mark thereto, or lhall refiife to pay for making any fuch entry, or lhall give in, or caufe to be entered in any fuch book or regi- or ^v-,ngjn a fter, any faffeor untrue account of the quantity of hay or ftraw taU'cor untrue fold, or of the price at which the fame was really fold, or of the account; tor name or place of abode of any buyer of fuch hay or ftraw; every k**?not cx * owner or* feller of any fuch' hay or ftraw, his fervant or agent, J”,® t^n who shall fo offend, fliall, on being convicted thereof in manner iCs. herein after mentioned, for every fuch offence forfeit and pay any fum not exceeding twenty shillings, nor lefs than ten (hillings ; and if any hay weigher in London, or clerk or toll-gatherer and hay of any hay market within the limits aforefaid, orhisottheirdepoty weigher or ordeputies, fliall omit or neglect to keep fuch book or regifter, or clerk, &e shall delay or refufe to let arly entry hereby dire&ed to be made therein, or lhall demand any greater price than one penny tor premises, ~ior-makiog any. fuch entry, or one halfpenny for permitting fuch tcirs in :ikc

book manner.



384	Anno	triccfimo	prhno	Georgii II. c. 40. £1758.

book or regifter to be at any time perufed or examined, or (ball ' knowingly fuffer or permit any untrue entiy to be made in any fuch book or regifter, or shall refute at any ieafonabie time in the day time, in market hours, to permit any person to mfpe& any entry which shall be made in any fuch book or regifter, every fuch person who shall fo offend in the premides, (hall, for every fuch offence, on being convicted thereof in manner herein after mcntibned, forfeit and pay any fum not exceeding twenty shillings, nor lefs than ten millings.

No Regifter to	’VII-J?r^dal"ays». «*?.	enaAedI by the authority

be made of aforefaid. That nothing in this adt contained shall oblige any person to regifter any hay or draw which shall be fold within the limits aforefaid, in any lets quantity than four trades in any day, to any one perfon.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enadfed by the authority aforefaid. That nothing in this adt contained shall oblige

bay or it raw fold in a lefs quantity than 4 trades, in a day, to one person $

to market for late, and which shall be there fold.

Proper fcales and weights.

andftraw, to be provided by the hay weighers and clerks of the markets.

nor of any de- any person to'regifter any hay or draw which he shall deliver in cial contra X London, or within the limits of the faid weekly bills of mortality, but fuch qnly on fpecial contradt or agreement; but fuch hay and draw only toberegiftered which shall be fent or brought into London, or fome place within as is brought the limits of the faid weekly bills of mortality, to be fold, and which shall be accordingly tnere fold, shall beregiftered as before is diredted; any thing in this adt before contained to the contrary thereof notwitnftanding.

IX. And be it further cnadted by the authority aforelaid. That there shall be provided by the hay weigher of the faid city or engines for of London, and by every clerk or toll-gatherer of every hay mar-weighing hay wjthin the limit* of the faid weekly bills of mortality, and kept at every fuch hay market in London, and within the limits of the faid weekly bills of mortality, proper fcales and weights, or engines, for the weighing all hay andftraw which shall be there brought for fale, or shall be required to be there weighed; and fuch hay weigher, clerk, or toll-gatherer, of the hay market, or his or their deputy, (hall, on application to him or them for that purpofe made, caufe all hay or draw, which shall be therebrought and required to be weighed, to be duly weighed, and with all convenient fpeed, after any requeft shall be made for weighing thereof; and fuch hay weigher, clerk, or toll-gatherer of the market, or his deputy, shall be paid by the party requiring any fuch hay or ftraw to be fo weighed, the sum of one milling and no more, for weighing ever)'load of fuch hay or ftraw; and if lefs than a load of hay or ftraw shall be there weighed, then the sum of one halfpenny for every trufs of fuch hay or ftraw which shall be there weighed; and ir any doubt shall at any time arife, whether any hay or ftraw brought into Loudon, or in any mar-arife about the ^et or P^acc w*l^n	limits of the faid weekly bills of morta-

due weight of lity, and which shall not have been weighed at any fuch hay rucb hay or	market, is of the due weight the fame ought to be, then and in fuch

ftraw as shall cafe jt	be lawful for the buyer thereof,	on the delivery of

weighed^n the	liaY or ^ravv at or ^er a^oc^e> YarcU	or other place,

markets, the where the fame (lull be agreed by the feller to be delivered, to buyer may v	caufe

Fees payable for the ufe thereof.

 

1758-J Anno trjcefimo primo Georgii IL c. 40.	385

caufe the fame to be weighed in the prefence of the feller, or his weigh the fervant or agent, who shall deliver the fame; and if on the fame jn being fo weighed, the buyer or feller of any fuch hay or ftraw, jy|*r° his fervant or agent, shall be diflatisfied with any fuch weighing and if either thereof, it shall be lawful for any fuch buyer or feller, his fervant be di/Tarisfied or agent, with all convenient fpeed then afterwards to apply to therewith, the hay Weigher, clerk, or toll-gatherer, of the hav market, his fQeJheVayP * or their deputy or deputies, which shall be neareft to the place weigher or where any fuch hay or ftraw shall be delivered, to fee the fame clerk of the weighed over again, and on any fuch application being made, the market, who * hay weigher, clerk, or toll-gatherer, ot the market, who shall be wiehcd fo applied to, his deputy or deputies, (hall, with all convenient over again, fpeed after any fuch application shall be fo made, come to the place where (uch hay or ftraw shall be, within the limits afore-faid, and shall there lee fuch hay or ftraw as shall be complained of as wanting in weight, again weighed, and the weight thereof which shall be afcertaincd by any fuch hay weigher, clerk, orand ag^tU|J toll-gatherer of the market, or his deputy or deputies, shall bethd weight; "v * conclufive to all parties; but the person who shall require any	*

fuch hay weigher, clerk, or toll-gatherer of the market, or his or *s. to be paid their deputy or deputies, to attend and weigh any fuch hay draw out or any fuch hav market, shall pay to fuch hay weigher, trouble, by clerk, or toll-gatherer of the market as aforefaid, or his or their	**	T

deputy, to attend to fee the fame weighed, the sum of two (hill- ' ings, before any fuch hay weigher, clerk, or toll-gatherer of the market, his deputy or deputies, shall be obliged to go to fee any fuch hay or ftraw weighed out of any fuch hay market; and if any hay or ftraw which shall be weighed out of any fuch hay market, shall be found by the hay weigher, clerk, or toll-gatherer j[raw y>e’ of the market, or his or their deputy, to be of the due weight the 0f due weight fame ought to be, then the two (hillings which shall have been by the buyer; paid to or for fuch hay weigher, clerk, or toll-gathertr of the market, to attend to fee fuch hay or ftraw weighed, shall be forthwith repaid by the buyer of (uch hay or ftraw to the feller thereof, in cafe the feller paid fuch two (hillings; and if the hay if wanting of or ftraw which shall be fo weighed, shall be found not to be of its weight, by the due weight the fame ought to be, then if the byyer thereof the feller , paid the faid two shillings, the fame shall be forthwith repaid to him by the feller of fuch hay or ftraw; and if any‘h3y weigher, clerk, or toll-gatherer of any fuch hay market, or his or their Hay we»?ber, * deputy, shall omit to provide and keep proper feales and ^ufcp°oPcJ fca?e*S weights or engines for the weighing hay or ftraw at fuch hay and weights* market, or shall negledt or rehife to weigh any hay or ftraw, or otherwife* which shall be required to be there weighed by him, or them, negiefting hi* or to attend to fee the fame weighed out of fuch hay market at	for

any place within the limits aforefaid, when thereunto required	ex-	“

any feafonablc time in the day time, and fo as the faid fum of ceed’ing so*, two (hillings shall have been paid or tendered to him fo fo attend, norleft thaa every fuch hay weigher, clerk, or toll-gatherer of the market,,os* his deputy or deputies^ fo offending in the premifles, (hall, for Vol. XXII	Cc	every

38 6	Anno	trlcCfimo primo GeoRGH II. c. 40:	£175$.

every fuch offence, forfeit and pay any fum not exceeding twenty lh.ll.ngs, nor lefs than ten (hillings.

Where there X. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore-*l?A!ibeadou'ot faid, That all hay or ftraw fold vyithin the faid diftance of thir-wei^h^ Th* m^es from the extent of the limits of the weekly bills of mor-hky^orftrlw tality, and touching which there lhall be any doubt of want of may he weigh- weight, shall and may, on the delivery thereof at the houfe, yard, ed at the place loft, or any other place whereat the fame shall be agreed to be ot deliveryj delivered, or shall be delivered by the feller thereof, be there and the feHtr weighed : and that no person shall incur any penalty for felling it riot liable to or expofing to fale, any hay or draw of lefs weight, or work theTto^ef* & tlua*lty than the fame ought to be, unlefs fuch hay or draw shall ot^wei^ht or weight either at or before the delivery, with the privity of quality, unlefs *the buyer, his fervant or agent, or complained of in refpedf of the hay or the quality thereof, at the time and place at which the fame shall ft raw be *be agreect t0 be delivered by the fetter, in the prefence of fuch 5t°or before the ^ ^r» ^is terv&nt,. or agent; unlefs fuch fetter, his fervant, or delivery, with agent, on requeft made, or on notice given to him or them to at-the privity of tend to fee fuch hay or draw fo weighed, shall refufe or neglect the buyer, or t0 attend to fee the fame fo weighed ; any thing in rhis act, or asro^it^quaii- any other t0 the .contrary thereof in any wife ndtwithftand-fy, at the tiftie |ng>

and place of delivery; and the feller refufe to attend, &c.

Xl.	And whereas fialefmen, brokers, or factors employed by feeders of cattle, or farmers, to fell their live cattle within the city :J London, or within the faid limits of the zveekly bills of mortality, may be guilty of many abufies greaty to the prejudice of their employer by indirectly felling fuch cattle, and by that means ^flocking lands, which they may hire for that purpoje, near the markets within the Jaid city of London; or weekly, bills of mortality, where fuch cattle may it brought to be fold again, whenever they Jhall find a proper time or opportunity of felling the fame to advantage \ be it therefore further Salefmen, &c. enacted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after* the faid employed to twenty ninth day of September, no ftlefman, or other broker, or buy or fell cat- fa<dor, who shall be employed to buy or fell a$y fort of Cattle for spe^ ^bu* ot^ers’ by commiflion, or for reward, to be paid or taken, shall Orwell oh°thdr by himfelf,' or any fervant or agent, directly or indirectly, on or own account, for his own account, ,buy any live ox, bull, c5w, deer, bullock, heifer, calf, (heep, lamb, or fwine, in London, or within tlie faid limits of the faid weekly bills of mortality, or at any place whilft any fuch cattle shall be on the road, or be driving, bringing, or coining up, to be fold or offered to or for fale, in Lcn-t	don, or at any other place within the faid limits of the faid

. . weekly bills of mortality (other than fuch cattle which any fuch f xcep ion; faiefman> broker, or factor, shall actually purchafe for the necef-fary ufe or proviiion of his family, and shall actually ufe accordingly) and that no fuch falefman, broker, or factor, after the faid twenty ninth day of September, shall fell or expofe to fale, or offer to or for fale, on his own account, in London, or at auv place withih the faid limits of the faid weekly bills of mortality, either by himfelf, or his fervant, or agent, any live ox, bull, cow,

(leer,

 

,75^-J Anno tricesimo primoGEORGH II. c. 40.	387

fleer, bullock, heifer, calf, (heep, lamb, orfwine, upon pain that

every person who shall fo offend in the pretmflfes, shall every

time he shall beconvi&cd of any fuch offence in maimer herein

after mentioned, forfeit and pay for eveiy fuch offence, double on penalty of

the value of any live cattle, which he (nail fo buy or fell, on forfcitingdou-

his own account, contrary to the tenor of this a<ft.	lc * lc va uc#

XII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Carts, Sec. That from and after the faid twenty ninth day of September, no ft^wfoy £\ person or persons shall permit or fuffer his, her, or their wag- t<Tquit°the C> gon, cart, or carr, loaden with hay or draw for (ale, to (land or market by a be in the hay market in Smitbfeld in London, or in any hay mar-certain hour ket within the weekly bill* of mortality, from Lady Day to Mi-01' Pcnahy°f cbaelmas, after four of the clock in the afternoon, and (rom Mi- 5 * ckaelmas to Lady Day, after three of the clock in the afternoon,

upon pain to forfeit and pay, for every fuch offence refpe&ively, five (hillings; but before any forfeiture for the faid laft men- Hay weigher tioned offence shall be incurred, the hay weigher, clerk, or toll- of clerk, &c. gatherer, of the hay market, or his or their deputy, (hall, onJ^S1^30.	,

every market day (to wit) Tueffay, Thursday, and Saturday,	Tinging of

every week, ring a large hand bell round the hay market of which a bell * he (nail be hay w'eigher, clerk, or toll-gatherer, of the market, either in London, or within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, one hour before the expiration of the time above appointed fof persons bringing hay or ftraw for fale into any fuch hay market, to leave the fame; and on any default of ringing fuch and on default bell, as aforefaid, being made, no person ufing any fuch hay of fuch notice, market, for the purpofe of felling hay or ftraw, (hall, the next r1SA^ immediate ufual market day or days after any fuch default in j*ng^next ringing fuch bell, as aforefaid, shall be made, be liable to pay market day. any toll for any waggon, carr, or carr, (landing, or that shall fland, in any luch hay market, to fell hay or ftraw; and every fuch hay market is hereby, in that cafe, and on the next market day in which any fuch default, as aforefaid, of ringing fuch bell shall be made, declared to be toll-free.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enaifted by the an- Cartsftanding thorny aforefaid. That nb person shall incur any penalty for fuf- in the market fering his waggon, cart, or carr, loaden with hay or ftraw for during certain fale, to be in any fuch hay market from Lady Day to Michaelmas,

after three of the clock in the afternoon, and from Michaelmas iorfeit. to Lady Day, after two of the clock in thy afternoon ; any other law or ufage to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XIV.	Provided Jikewife, and it is hereby further ena<fted by Profecution t# the authority aforefaid, That no person shall be conVufted for becommcnced any of the before-mentioned offences, unlefs profecution for

any fuch offence shall be committed within three days after the Yencc. offence complained of shall have been committed.

XV.	And, for the'more fpeedy recovery of all and every the mo- Recovery and

ney which shall be forfeited by breach or non-obfervance of any part	ot

of this aft, and for the difpfmg thereof, be it further ena&ed by	*

" id, That on complaint being made, on

„-	.	VIZ.

the authority aforefaid, That on complaint being made, on On complaint oath, to any iufticeor juftices of the peace of any offence com- m ule,on oath,

•	Cci	mitted	'he	offence,

CC2	,	m,ltcd	thejuiu.eitio

388	Anno	tricefimo	primo	Georgii	II.	c.	40.	[1758.

funuivm, See. mitted againft this ad, within his or their refpedive jurifdic-tlrc offender, tions, fuch justice or juftices is and are hereby required and au-*nd witness, tborized t0 iffue his or their fummons to convene the person or persons charged with being an offender or offenders againft this ad, and alfo any witnefc or witneffes for any of the parties, at x certain time and place in fuch fummons to be fpecified ; and if any one fo fummoned shall not appear on fuch fummons, or offer fome reafonable excufe for the default, then any fuch jufticc or juftices shall iffue his Qr their warrant or warrants for apprehending the party or parties fo making default within the jurifdidion of any fuch justice or juftices; and upon the party or parties complained againft appearing, or being brought before any fuch justice or juftices on his or their warrantor warrants; and on the or> *n ca(ethe party or parties complained againft shall not appear partiesappear- on fuch fummons being ferved on him, or left for him or them ingornot ap-at his or their ufual place of abode, and proof shall be made peanng there- thereo^ by oath, before any fuch justice or juftices; then every cee°d to hear° foch justice and juftices is and are hereby authorized and determine and required to prpceed to make enquiry touching the matters the matter of complained of, and to examine into the fame by the oath or complaint in a oaths of any credible person or persons as shall be requisite, and ummary way; bear and determine the matter of every fuch complaint; and,

* upon confcflion of the party, or proof of one credible witnefs, upon oath, to convid or acquit the party or parties againft whom and on non- complaint shall be made; and if the money forfeited shall not

the forfeiture	^own	on	cvery	fQCh	convidion,	every fuch ju-

on%onv1ffion &ce or juftices shall iffue his or their warrant or warrants under is to iffue his * his hand and feal, or their hands and feals, for levying thereof warrant for within his or their jurifdidion, by diftrefs on the goods and thereV/b^di c^atte^s every fuch offender, or offenders, and to caufe fale ftrcfs'and^ale*lo ** mac^c °f fuch goods and chattels, in cafe the money for-1 feited, together with the charges of fuch diftrefs and fale, shall not be paid within five days after the making any fuch diftrefs and fale, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner thereof, upon demand, after deduding the reafonable charges of every *f	fant	an<* » and if any fuch offender shall not have

commhe° anY Z°°&$ or chattels within the jurifdidion of fuch justice or offender for juitices, whereon the money forfeited can be prefently levied, any time not any justice or juftices within whofe jurifdidion any fuch offender exceeding i or 0ffcn(lcrs shall be, shall and may iffue a warrant or warrants lcfTthin°o under his band and feal, or their hands and feals, on the applica* days, unlefs tion, or on the behalf, of any informer or informers, to appre-payment be hend every fuch offender and offenders, and to commit him or .loaner made, them to fome publick prifon or houfe of corredion of the county, divifion, city, town, or place, in which any fuch offence shall have been committed, there to remain for any time not exceeding one calendar month, nor lefs than ten days, from the time of every fuch commitment, unlefs fuch offender or offenders tVitnefi refuf- shall fooner pay the money forfeited; and if any witnefs who ingtobeexa- shall appear or be brought by any warrant before any fuch ju-W^rammed &ce or juftices, shall rftufc to be examined, any (>idi person fo

refilling



,1758 J Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 40.	389

refufing to be examined, may be committed by any fuch juftice^ aQ t; or juftices to fome prifon of the county, city, or place, wherenort*“ceedmg fuch witnefs shall fo make default, for any time not exceedingio days, ten days from the time of every fuch commitment, as any fuch justice or juftices shall think fit.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it further enadted, That ifSelleraggriev-any person or persons convicted of any offence punilhable by thisf^.by tn* f adt, or for felling any trufs or truffes of hay, of lefs weight than!, j^ce, may* the fame ought to be, shall think him, her, or themfelves ag- appeal to tht grieved by the judgment or determination of any justice or ju-quarter fef. ftices as aforefaid, fuch person or persons may appeal againft the“on, 5

fame to the juftices at the general or general quarter felfions of the peace of the county, city, or place, in which any fuch con-vidtion shall have been made, which shall be held next after any fuch convidtion, unlefs fuch next general or general quarter fe(-fions of the peace for any fuch county, city, or place, shall be held within fix days next after any fuch convidtion; and if any fuch general or general quarter felfions of the peace, shall happen to be fo held within the faid fpace of fix days next after any fuch convidtion, then it shall be lawful for any fuch person or persons to appeal againft any fuch judgment or determination, to the juftices at the second general or general quarter felfions of the peace which shall be held for any fuch county, city, or place, next after any fuch convidtion; but the party or parties who entering into a shall think fit foto appeal, (hall, before any fuen appeal shall be recognizance, received, enter into a recognizance, with two fufficient fureties, **^1? r^pro-before fuch justice or juftices as aforefaid, in double the fum faute the ap^ which fuch person or persons shall have been adjudged to pay peal withe£ or forfeit, to profecute every fuch appeal with effect, and to be^i forth coming to abide by and obey the judgment and determination of the juftices at any fuch general or general quarter fef-fions of the peace on every fuch appeal, and mall alfo give three and givingdue days notice, in writing, of every fuch appeal, to, or leave the notice thereof fame at the ufual place of abode of the person or persons who10 the Profe-(hall have profecuted to convidtion the party or parties fo ap- cu or* pealing; and the juftices of the peace at fuch general or general Juftices to-quarter feflions, are hereby authorized and required, on every hear and de-fuch appeal being made, finally to hear and determine the mat-	Ae

ter of every fuch appeal, and to make fuch order, and to award appcalaccord-fuch cofts therein, as they in their diferetion shall deem meet; ingly, and a-and the determination of iuch court of general or general quar- ward cofts; ter felfions, on every fuch appeal, shall be final and conclufive thcir determu to all parties thereto, and no Certiorari shall be allowed to re- nation to bt * move any fuch proceedings or determination.	(*•»!> &c*

XVII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. Forfeitures to That one moiety of all money forfeited by this adt, (hall, when be applied, recovered, go and be paid to the person or persons who shall one moiety to profecute to convidtion any offender or offenders againft thisthe profecut-adt, and that the other moiety thereof (hail go and be paid to or to'tte ooor^ for the ufe of the poor of the pariftvor place where the offence 0f thc parifti. shall have been committed.

C C 3	XVIII.%	PrO-

Digltized by

39©

Inhabitants deemed competent wit-neflcb.

Limitation of ' actions.

General iflue.

Treble colts.

Preamble, reciting several claufes in aft >9 Geo. f.

Anno tricesimo primo GeoRGII II. C. 41.	[175*.

XVIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby IbirthCi1 ena&ed, That any inhabitant of the parish or place in which any offence shall be committed againft this aft, (hall, notwtthftanaing feck inhabitancy, be a good and competent witnefs.

XIX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That if any plaint, aftion, or fuit, (hal! be commenced or pro-fecuted againft any person or persons, for what he or they ftufi do or have done in purfuance or in execution of this aft, the fame shall be commenced within fix months after the offence committed, and shall be laid in the county or city where the o£ fence shall have been committed ; and fueh person or persons fo (ued, in any court whatfoever, shall and may plead the getim! iflue, not guilty, and may give this aft, and the fpectal matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon; and if a verdiS shall be fouod for the defendant or defendants, or if the phin-tiff shall become nonfuit, ordifeontinuehis aftion, after the defendant shall have appeared; or if judgment shall be given, upon a demurrer, againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants, in every fuch aftion, thalf recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes for recovery of his or their cofts.

CAR XU.

An a£l to amend and render more effectual an aB pafled in the twenty ninth year of bis present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for inclofing, by the mutual confent of the lords and tenants, part of any common, for the purpofe of planting and ’preferving trees fk for timber or underwood ; and for moreeffeftuilly preventing the unlawful deftruftion of trees.

WH E R E A S by m aft made in the twenty ninth year of tit reign of his present Ma}efty% intituled, An act for inclof-ing, by the mutual confent of the lord and tenants, part of any common, for the purpofe of planting and preferving trees fit for, timber or underwood; and for more effeftually preventing the unlawful deftruftion of trees ; it	among other things,	in-

afledj That it /hall and may he lawful to and for his Maje/lyx hi: heirs audfucccJJorsyand all other owners of wajles, woods, and pajluris, in that part cf Great Britain called England, wherein any perjer. or psrfonsy or body or bodies politic or corporate, hath or have a right of common of pajlurey by and with the ajfent of the major part r; member and value of the owners and occupiers of tenementsy to which the /aid right of common of pajlure doth belong, and to and for th major part in number and value of the owners and occupiers, of Ju b tenementsy by and with the ajjent of the owner or owners of the fats wajhsy woods, and paflures, and to and for any other person or per-fonSy or body politic or corporate, by and with the ajjent and grant sf the owner or owners of fuch ivijles> woods, and pa/luresy and the

major





1758.J Anno trwefimo primo Georgh H. C- 41*	591

major part in number and value of the owners and occupier $ of fitch temmnts, to inclofe and keep in Jeveralty, for the growth and pre• feruation of timber or underwood,	part of fuch wafies, woods,

and pafiures, for fiuch time, am/ in fuelb manner, and upon fuch conditions, as Jhall be agreed by them refpeftively: and whereas it is by the find aft provided, That in cafe any ncompence Jball be agreed to be given for fuch inclofure, to or for the benefit of the owners and occupiers of the tenements to which the right of common in fuch wajhs, woods, and pajlures, doth belong, fuch recompence Jhall be made either by a grant of a Jhare of the profit which Jball arife from the fale of the timber or underwood growing on the ground or foil Jo inclofed, or by a grant of other lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or by tome annuity or rent charge iJJ'uing out of xhe faid ground or foil Jo in-elofed, or out of ether lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or Jhall be paid in money, to be placed out at interejl on public fecurities, or laid out in the purchafe of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or of feme annuity or rent charge iffuing out of lands, tenements, or hereditaments i and the produce of fuch lands, tenements, or her edit aments or fuch annuity or rent charge, or the iuterejl of Juch money, until the fame Jball be laid out in fuch purchafe, as aforefaidx Jhall be paid, from time to time* to the ovtrfeers or overjcer of the poor of the faid parijh or townjhip, and Jhall be by them or him applied towards the relief of the poor of the parijh or townjhip where fuch wafies, woods, or paftures, Jhall lie, and accounted for in fuch manner as the rates for relief of the poor are by law dire fted to be accounted for: and whereas, in many cafes, the right of common of pajlure m the ground or foil inclofed, or intended to be inclofedmay not belong to all the owners and occupiers of tenements within the pa-rijhes or townjhips wherein fuch wafies, woods, or pafiures, Jhall lie: and whereas the owners and occupiers of fuch tenements, to which fuch peculiar right of common doth belong, may refufe their ajfient to an inclofure, the recompence for which is applicable to the general re* lief of the poor of the parijh, and not to them in proportion to their particular interejls*, and yet they may be willing to accept a different recompence from that which is provided by the faid aft-, be it en-a<5ted by the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in thisprefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the firft day of Augujl, The rtcom-one thousand feven hundred and fifty eight, every recompence pence to be to be made by virtue of the faid acf, shall be made to the per- "Jade “n fon or perfops interefted in the faid light of common, in pro- [neref^a of portion to their refpe&ive interest or interefts therein ; and not the rights of to be paid to the overfeer or overfeers of the poor, as is directed common of

by the faid ach	pafturein

J	grounds to be

inclofed for planting trees,is to be paid to the persons refpeftively interefted therein, and not to the overfeers of the poor.

II. And whereas doubts may arife whether tenants for life, or for terms of years, determinable	upon	one or	more	lije or	lives,	be own-	|c^19 cp°

frs, within the meaning of this aft,	and	that	of	the	twenty ninth of years deter-	■

C 14	his	minablc there-

fuch their tftate.

39*	Anno tricesimo primoGEORGii II. c.	[*758

upon, may ex- his	prefent Majeftfs reign; be it enafted by the authority afore-

ecuicthe po»- That the powers given to fuch owners by this aft, and the tUe^'ec !eiiy ^ a<^ of the twenty ninth of his present Majesty’s reign, may this ,,Lt, be executed by fuch tenants for’life, or years, during their re-thtir fpefttve interefts. t .ctive m- HI. Provided always. That nothing done by fuch tenants But no aft of ^or bfe» or tcrms °f years, by virtue of this aft, or by the aft theirs is to of the twenty ninth of his present Majesty’s reign, mail have have effeft, effeft or continuance after the determination of the estate of fuch after the de- tenants fpr life, or terms of years.

termination of

CAP. XL1I.

An ail for making perpetual several ails therein mentioned, for preventing theft and rapine on the northern borders of England; for the more	punifhing	wicked	and	evil

difpofed persons going armed in difguife, and doing injuries and violences to the persons and properties of his

fubjeSs, and for the more fpeedy bringing the offenders to ju]tice\ and alfo two claufes to prevent the cutting er breaking down the bank of any , or fea bank ; and to prevent the malicious cutting of bop	for	the	more

effectual punifhment of persons malicioujly fetting on fire arty	mine,	pit, or delpb of , or canal	coal; and of

perfons unlawfully bunting or taking any red or fallow deer in for efts or chafes ; or beating or wounding the keepers or other officers in for efts,	, or ; and	alfo

fo much of an att as relates to the power of appealing to the circuit courts in civil cafes in Scodand.

Preamble.

Aft 13 & 14.

Car.

WHEREAS the lazvs herein after mentioned, which have by experience been found \ifeful ana beneficial, are near expiring: may it therefore pleafe your mod excellent Majesty, that it may be enafted 3 and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflem-bled, and by the authority of the fame, That an aft made in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled. An act for preventing theft and rapine upon the northern borders of England 3 which by several a fts hath from time to time been continued; and by an aft made, in the fixth year of the reign of his present Majesty (for making perpetual several afts, and for other purposes therein mentioned) was further continued until the firft day of September one thousand feven hundred and forty four, and frgm thence to the ent} of the then next feflionof parliament 3 and alfo several claufes, powers, and au-clantes and	thorities, in the afore-mentioned aft made in the fixth year of

aftof6 Geo* re*gn °f his present Majesty, for the more effeftual prevent-*. relating ’ ing of theft and rapine upon the northern borders of England: thereto; and ^r*d which by the faid aft were to continue in force until the firft

day

and feveral



ryjS-] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 42.	393.

day of September onethou&nd feven hundred and forty four, and which were from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; continued by and which faid aft, together with the faid several claufes, pow- qeJc^ ta« are ers, and authorities, were, by several fubfequent afts made in the made perpe-feventeenth and twenty fourth years of the reign of his present tual.

Majefty, further continued until the firft day of September one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, and from thence to the eod of the then next feflion of parliament; are temporary, and near expiring, shall be, and are hereby made perpetual.

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That Aft 9 Geo. 1. an aft made in the ninth year of the reign of his late majefty and which wa* King George the Firft, intituled. An act for the more effeftual fgv^^bfe-puni/bing wicked and evil difpofed persons going armed in difguife, quent aas, is and doing injuries and violences to the persons and properties of his made perpe. Majefty's fubjefts% and for the more fpeedy bringing the offenders to tual. juftice\ which by several fubfequent afts, one made in the

twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty, and the others made in the fixth, tenth, feventeenth, and twenty fourth years of the reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the firft day of September one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; is temporary, and near expiring, shall be, and is hereby made perpetual.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Claufe in aft That a clause in an aft made in the fixth year of the reign of 6

his present Majesty (for making perpetual several afts, and for down other purposes therein mentioned) to prevent the cutting or the banks of breaking down the bank of any river, or fea bank, which was rivers* and to continue in force during the continuance of an aft made in whic.h the ninth year of the reign of his faid late Majefty; and which by another aft made in the tenth year of the reign of his pre- qUent aa*, it lent Majesty, was further continued during the continuance made perpe-of the afore-mentioned aft made in the ninth year of the reigntual* of his faid late Majefty; and which by several fubfequent afts made in the feventeentn and twenty fourth years of his present Majesty’s reign, was further continued untif the firft day of September one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; is temporary, and near expiring, shall be, and is hereby made perpetual.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Claufe in aft That a clause in an aft made in the fixth year of the reign of his 6 Geo. *. to present Majesty (for making perpetual several afts, and f°r ^lidou^cut-other purposes therein mentioned) to prevent the malicious cut- t-ing 0f bop ting of hop binds growing on poles in any plantation of hops ; binds, and which was to continue in force during the continuance of an aft which was. made in the ninth year of the reign of his faid late Majesty, and which by several fubfequent afts made in the tenth, feventeenth, q^nt afts, is and twenty fourth years of his present Majesty’s reign, was fur- made perpe-ther continued until the firft day of September, one thousand fe- tual. yen hundred and fifty feven, and from thence to the end of the

then



394-

Anna tricefimaprimo Georgh II. 0.42* f 1758,

then next feflion of parliament; is temporary, and near expiring, shall be, and is hereby made perpetual.

Claufe in aft V. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That 10 Geo. 2. for a daufe in an aft made in the tenth year of the reign of bis pre-powers'in aft ^ent Majesty (for continuing an aft for the more effeftual pun-9 Geo. 1. to the Hiring wicked and evil-difpofed persons going armed m di%uife, feveral.cafesof and doing injuries and violences to the persons and properties offences Mere- pf his Majefly’s fubjefts, and for the more fpeedy bringing the and^ilich was °ffenders to juftice; and for other purposes therein mentioned) continued by *t0 ***end, during, the continuance of the faid aft, all the pro-ieveral fubfe- vifions therein contained (for the more fpeedy and cafy bringing quent afts, is the offenders againft the faid aft to juftice, and the persons who null* per**- shall conceaU and abet or fuccour fuch offenders* and for making (atisfaftion and amends to all and every the person and persons, their executors and adminiftrators, for the damages they shall have fuftained or fuffered by any offender or offenders againft tbe faid aft; and for the encouragement of perfoos to apprehend fuch offender and offenders; and for the bettor and more impartial trial of any indiftment or information which shall be found, commenced, or profecuted, for any of the offences committed againft the (aid aft; together with all reftriftions, limitations, and mitigations, by the faid aft direfted) to all cafes of offences committed by unlawfully and malicioufly cutting down the bank or banks of any river, or any fea bank, whereby any lands shall be overflowed or damaged; or by unlawfully and malicioufly cutting any hop binds growing on poles in any plantation of hcj>s ; or by wilfully and malicioufly fetting on fire, or cauflng to be fet on fire, any mine, pit, or delph of coal, or cannel coal, and which, by federal fubfequent afts made in tbe feventeenth and twenty fourth years of his present Majesty’s reign, was further continued until the fir# day of 5epiembery one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; is temporary, n r *n ^ anc* rvcar expiring, shall be, and is hereby made perpetual.

10^0.2. *or VJ. And it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That punching of the several claufes in an aft made in the tenth year of the reign persons mali- of his present Majesty (for the more effeftual puniihment of on fire In1*™2 P*1^008 malicioufly fetting on fire any mine, pit, or delph of niine'of^oal; coa*or cannel coal; or unlawfully hunting or taking any red or or unlawfully fallow deer in forefts or chaces ; or beating and wounding the, hunting and keepers or other officers in forefts, chaces, or parks) which were and^atin^*t0 !cont*nue m	during	die	continuance of an aft made

and wound?ng *n x^e n>ntb year of the reign of his (aid late Majefly, and the keepers of which by several fubfequent afts, made in the feventeenth and parks, &c. twenty fourth years of his present Majesty’s reign, were further and which continued until the firlt day of September, one thousand feven e^^y ffvtral hundred and fifty feven, and from thence to the end of the then iuWquent next feflion of parliament; are temporary, and near expiring, jfts, aie made shall he, and are hereby made perpetual.

perpetual. VH. And be it further enafted by tlie authority aforefaid,

*a o^ioV^ That raucb of an aft made in the twentieth year of his pre* v *	fem

1758.] Anno triccfimo primo Georgii II. c. 43,-50.	395

fent Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act for taking away and abo- *• a* relate* to lifting the heritable jurifdiftiom in that part 0/*Great Britain called ^h!^^cr of Scotland, and for making fatisfa ftion to the proprietors thereof and t£Fdrcu?tt0 for reftoring fuch jurifdiftiom to the crown; and for making more ef- courts in ci-feftual provtjion for the adminijiration of juflice, throughout that vil cafes, is part of the united kingdom, by the King's courts and judges there \ Jna^c PcrPc“ and for obliging all persons afting as procurators, writer s, or agents,tua * in the law of Scotland, to take the oaths; and for rendering the union of the two kingdoms more complete; as relates to the power of appealing to the circuit courts in civil cafes, which was to continue in force for the fpace of ten years from the twenty fifth day of Marchy one thousand feven hundred and forty eight, and amd from thence to the end of the then next fdfion of parlia^ ment; is temporary, and near expiring, shall be, and is 'hereby made perpetual.

CAP. XLIII.

An act for repairing and widening several roads in the counties of Dctr-fet and Devon, leading to and through the borough of Lyme Regis.v

CAP. XLIV.

An act for repairing the road from the village of Magor, to the bridge-foot in the town of Chepftow, in the county of Monmouth * and other roads in the counties of Monmouth and Glouceiter.

CAP. XLV.

An act for afeertaining and collefting the poors rates, and for better regulating the poor in the parish of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondfey in 'the county of Surry.

CAP. XLVI.

An act to amend an aft patted in the laft fettion of parliament, intituled.

An a8 for budding a bridge or bridges croft the river of Themes, from a certain place in OldBrentford, in the parish Ealing, in the county of' Mtddfyex, known by the name of Smith, or Smith's HiU, to the oppqfite Jbore in she county if Surrey.

CAP. XLVII.

An act for the more eafy and fpeedy repairing of publick bridges within the county of Devon.

CAP. XLVDI.

An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an aft of parliament potted in the twenty fourth year of his preient Majesty’s reign, for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act patted in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the several roads leading from Wood dock, through Kiddington ana Enftone, to Rollright Lane, and Enftow Bridge to Kiddington afor e -laid i and for making the faid aft more efFeftual.

CAP. XLIX.

An act for amending several roads leading from the town of Tiverton, in the county of Devon.

CAP. L.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from Donington High Bridge to Hale Drove, and to the Eighth Mile Stone, in the parish of Wigtott, and to Lauo*et Perry, in the county of Lincoln.

CAP.

/"■



Anno tricesimo primo GeuRGH II. C. 51,-58.	[1758.

CAP. LI.

An act for repairing the high road leading from Brent Bridge in the county of Devon, to Gaiking Gate, in or near the borough of Plymouth! in the laid county.

CAP. LII.

An act for enlarging .the term granted by an aft made in the twenty fixth year of his present Majefty's reign, intituled. An afl for laying a duty of two pinny Scots, or a fixib part of a pinny sterling, upon tuny Scots pirn of alt and btn which fludl bt brewtd for fait, brought into, tapped, or foU, within tbt town and panfli of? reft on Pans, in the flan of Raft Lothian, otbirwife Haddingtoun, for ripcuring the harbour qf tbt feud town9 and fir other purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. Lin.

An act to explain, amend, and render more effeftual an aft palled in the ninth and tenth years ot the reign of his late majefty King William the Third, intituled. An afl for trifling bofpitals and workhoufes witbm tin city and county of tbe city of Exon, for the better employing and maintasmseg the poor there.

CAP. LIV.

An act for repealing fo much of the aft of the fifteenth year of his present Majesty, for enlarging the term and powers granted by an aft of the thirteenth year of bi$ late Majesty Kihg George the Firft, for repairing the roads from Cirencefter Town’s End to Saint John's Bridge m the county of Gloucelter, as direfts that the inhabitants of the feve-ral parifhes and hamlets therein named, shall pafs toll tree; and for repairing the ftreet from the High Crofs in Cirencefter to the Town s End there * and for other purposes therein mentioned } and for enlarging the terms and powers granted by the faid two former afts.

CAP. LV.

An act for enlaiging the terra and powers granted by an aft of the twenty fifth year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled, Anafl for reftairtrtg the poft road from tbe city of Edinburgh, through the counties of 'Linittbgow and Stirling, from tbe Boat-houfe Ford, on Almond Water, and from thence to the town of Linlithgow, and from the faid town of Falkirk, and from thence to Stirling *, and alfo from Falkirk to Kilfitb, and to Inch Bella Bridge, on tbe poft road to tbe city of Glajgow, and for building a bridge crols Almond Water.

CAP. LVI.

An act for enlarging the powers granted by an aft patted in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An afl for rendering more effeflual the federal afls pajfed for the ereflin£ of bojpitals and workhoufes within the city of Brtflol, fir tbe better employing and maintamng of the poor thereofj and for maxing the faid aft more effeftual.

CAP. LVII.

An act for making more effeftual four several afts of parliament, made in the fixth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Ann \ the eleventh year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Firft; and in tbe tenth and thirteenth years of the reign of his preient Majesty Tefpeftively, for repairing the highways from Old Stratford in tbe county of Northampton to Dunchurch, in the county of Warwick.

CAP. LVIII.

An act to continue and render more effeftual two afts of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty, and in the eighteenth year of the reign of bis present Majesty, for repairing the reads leading from Birmingham to Edgliill, in the county of Warwick. x

a	CAP,



397

1758-] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. C. 59,—6ff. CAP. LIX.

An act for building a bridge crofs the river Trent, at or near a place

called VVilden Ferry.

CAP. LX.

An act to enlarge, alter, and render move effeftual, the term and powerr of an aft of the twelfth year of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads from Bakewell to Chefterfield in the county of Derby ; and from Chefterfield to Workfop in the county of Nottingham, and other roads therein mentioned.

CAP. LXI.

An act for repairing and widening the road fromCirencefter in the county ot Gloucefter, to Cricklade in the county of Wilts.

CAP. LXII.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from Little Sheffield, in the county of York, through the towns of HatherDge, Hope, and Caftle-ton, to Sparrowpit Gate, in the county of Derby: and from the Guide Felt near Barber’s Field Cupola, through Grindleford Bridge, Great Hucklow, Tidfwell, Hardgate Wall, and Fairfield, to Buxton, in the county bf Derby.

CAP. LXIII.

An act for repairing the road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the county of

York.

CAP. LXIV.

j

An act for enlarging the terms and powers of two afts of parliament, one palled in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for enlarging the tern* and powers granted ty an ad paffed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, for repairing the road from the city of Gloucefter to Stone, and other roads therein . mentioned: and for making the faid ad more effedual: and the other palled in the twenty second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An act for continuing two ads of parliament, the one paffed in the thirteenth year of the reign, of his late majefty King George the, firft, for a-mending the federal roads leading from the city of Briflol; and the otkir faffed %n the fourth year of the reign of bis present Majesty, to explain and amend the fame ad, and for making the faid ads more effedual: and alfo for repairing other roads therein mentioned: and for making all the faid afts more etteftual: and for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, several other roads.

CAP. LXV.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from Tetbury, to the gate* on the weft of Slmond’s Hall Down ; and from the turnpike gate at the top of Fi ocefter Hill, to the turnpike road from Cirencefter towards Bath j and from the field called Bouldown Sleight, to the end of a lane adjoining to the road from Horfley to Tetbury, near Tiltup’s Inn ; and from the Market-Houfe in Tetbury, to the turnpike road on Min-chin Hampton Common } and from the faid road in Minchin Hampton Field, unto the turnpike road from Cirencefter to Stroud, near Burnt Aih 5 and from the faid turnpike road, to Tayloe's Millpond in Chal-ford Bottom, and through Hide, to the bottom of the Bourn Hill, in the county of Gloucefter.

CAP. LXVI.

An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads leading from Chriftian Malford Bridge, in the county of Wilts, to Shillingford Gate, in the county of Berks ? and alfo from Swindon to Lyddenton Wall, in the faid county of Wilts.

CAP.

 (^ooQle

39*

Anno triccfimo primo GeoRGii II. c. 67,-75. [1758. CAP. LXVII.

An act for widening and repairing several roads leading from the Welch Gate and Cotton Hill, in the town of Shrewsbury, in the county of Salop.

CAP. LXVI1I.

An act for amending the road leading from Pengate in the parish of Weft, bury, in the county of Wilts, to Latcbet's Bridge, near the eatt end of Market Lavington i and alfo the road leading from Market Lavington Down, to the turnpike road near Dewey’s Water: and alfo the road leading from Bolesborough, to Studley Lane end; and alfo the road leading from Yambrook, to the turnpike road at MelkQiam, in the faid county of Wilts.

CAP. LXIX.

An act to continue and render more effeftttal an aft made in the fifteenth year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled. An act for laying a duty ef two pennies Scots, or one Jixth part of a penny fierling, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer <wbich /hall he brewed for fate, brought otto, tapped, or JaU, within tbe town of Kirkcaldy, and liberties thereof.

CAP. LXX.

An act to enable the truftees appointed for putting in execution an* aft patted in this feflion of parliament, intituled, An act for repealing fi much of the aft of tbe fifteenth year of bis present Majesty,jor enlarging tbe term and powers granted by an aft of tbe thirteenth year of bis late majefiy

• King George tbe Firfi, for repairing the roads from Ctreucefttr Town's end to Saint 'John's Bridgei in the county of Qloucefler, as direfts that the inhabitants of the several tarifhes and hamlets therein named, /hall pafs toll-free: and jor repairing the Street from the High Grofs in Cirencefler, to the town's end there, and jor other purtofes therein mentioned', and for enlarging tbe terms and powers granted by tie faid two former afts \ to reduce all or any of the tolls granted by the faid aft; and for appointing additional trujteea for putting the faid afts in execution.

CAP. LXXL

An act for regulating, governing, preferring, and improving, the oyfter fifhery in the river Colne, and waters thereto belonging.

CAP. LXXII.

An act for extending the navigation of the river Calder, to or near to Soererby Bridge in the parifti of Halifax; and for making navigable the river Heble, Halig or Halifax Brook, from Brookfmoutb to Saker Hebble Bridge, in the county of York.

CAP. LXXIII.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from Chawton Pond, in the paritli of Chawton, in the county of Southampton, through Kumfdeaq Bottom, Weitmeon, Warn ford,, Exton, Biihop’s Waltham, and over feherrili Heath, and through Wickham and Fareham, to the town of Golport; and from Exon aforefaid, through Droxford, to the call end ui Sherrill licatb, in the faid county.

CAP. LXXIV.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from the town of Bittiop's Waltham, in the county of Southampton, over the too of the down . called Stephen’s Cattle Down, and through Salt Lane and Tichbome, to , the town of New Alresford j and from the Market Houfe in tbe faid town of New Alrestord, through Old Alresford, Bradley Lane, and over Herriard Common, to tbe town of Odibam in the faid county.

Cap. lxx v.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from the town of Stock-bridge, in the county of Southampton, to the city of Wincbefter; and from the faid city, through Be'lmour Lane, to the top of Steven’s Callle Down, near the town of Bifhop’s Waltham’, in the faid county; and from the faid city of Winchclter, through Otterborne, to Bargate, in the town and county of the town of Southampton.

‘ CAP.



1759*] Anno trieefrmo secundo Georoii II. c. i.

CAP. LXXVI.

Aft a£t for fdief of the coalhenvers working upon the riw Thames; and fbr entblmg them to make a provilion for forty'of themfeive* as fh*il be i<CK | laifte, or paft their labour, ai*ffor their widows and orphan*.

Cap. lxxvii.

Ah a& for repairing and widening the road frbm the SwattInn at Lea-therhead, to the Maypole at the upper end of Spiral or SocncrlcC Street, ht the pariflt oi Stoake, near the town of Guldeford, in the county of Surrey.

;	cap.	lxxvm.

An a5i for repairing and widening the road from the town of Guldeford, to the Directing Pott near tiie town of Farnham, hi the county of Surrey.

399

Jlnno RegnJ GEORG II II. Regis Magna Britannia, Francis & Hibernia, tri-. ccfimo Jecundo.

AT	the parliament begun and Vcltkn at Weftminfter, the

thirty JirJl.day of May, Anno Dom. one /even hundred -andffty	four, in the twenty

'She reign of our Jhvereign lord George the , by the grace of God, of Gmt Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued by several prorogations to the twenty third day of November, one	thoufand feven hundred and fifty eight, being the Jixtb

fjfon of tins present parliament.

CAP. I.

An abf to continue, for a limited time, an a£t made in the lafl	ftffion of parliament, intituled. An act to permit the

Importation of falted beef, pork, and butter, from Ireland,for a limited time, and to amend the faid

H K R E A S tbi permitting the importation of falted beef. Preamble. pork, (Hid butter, from Ireland into this kingdom, hath been found ufeful and beneficial; and that the time allowed for that pofe is near expiring, and it it expedient that the fame fhouid be prolonged: may it therefore pleafe your moft excellent Majesty, that It may be enafted ; and be it ehadted by the King’s mod excellent majeftv, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in tins prelent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That an ad made Aft jiGeo.s in thelaft feflion of parliament, intituled, Am alt to permit the importation of falted beef,,pork, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time, which was to continue in force for the term of fix months, from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand feven hundred and fifty eight, shall be, and the fame is further con-'hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, until the timw to l+

twen- Dec. jij9.

W

 v^ooQLe

400	Anno	tricefimo secundo Oboroii II. c. r. [1759^

twenty fourth day of December, one thousand feven hundred and fifty nine; 'except only with refped to fuch parts thereof relating to the payment ot the duty, and to the recovering of penalties, as are amended, or otherwise provided for by this ad.

II. And whereas doubts have arifen whether all kinds of failed pork and hog meat may be imported from Ireland, by virtue of the above recited aft; be it therefore declared and enaded by the widhogme’at, auth°rlty aforefaid, That the faid ad does and shall extend, may be im- * and shall be deemed, conftrued, and taken to extend, to all kinds ported. of falted pork and hog meat imported, or to be imported, into Great Britain from Ireland, during the continuance of the bid ad.

. III. And whereas the duty or impojition of one JhiUing and three pence charged and dire fted by the faid aft to be laid on every hundred weight of falted beef or pork fo to be imported from Ireland as a-forefaid, is not adequate to, but falls fhort of the duty laid upon, and payable for, fuch quantity of fait as is reqidfite and neteffary u be ufed in curing and falting the fame: and whereas the falted betf and pork imported into this kingdom from Ireland, is generally packed up and contained in cafks, with the pickle or brine proper far pre-ferving the fame*, and the opening the faid cafks, in order 10 after-• tain the net weight of the beef and pork liable to the faid duties on importation, would not only be very expenfwe to the revenue, but alfo a great detriment and lofs to the faid provifions, and the owner and importer of the fame; and that it would be more for the benefit and advantage of the revenue, and alfo of fuch owner and importer, that the rates and duties to be paid upon the importation of fuch beef and pork9 Jhould be afeertained by, and laid upon, every barrel of the fail commodities fo to be imported, according to the rate and proportion herein after mentioned; therefore be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of Beef or rk December, one thousand feven hundred and fifty eight, and dur-i/fn pickle^ * *ng the continuance of this ad, there fhalL be paid for every to pay 38. 3d. barrel or calk of falted beef or pork fo imported as aforefaid, per barrel, containing thirty two gallons, to the proper officer appointed duty5	by the faid former ad, the sum of three (hillings and four pence,

as and for cuftom or duty for, on, or in refped thereof; and if dried, fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity thereof: and is. 3d. ptr for every hundred weight of falted beef, called dried beef, or dried hundred 0 neats tongues, or dried hog meat, fo imported, the sum of one w 5 (hilling and three pence, and fo in proportion for every greater or lefler quantity thereof, as and for cuftom or duty for, on, or in refped thereof.

IV. And it is hereby further enaded by the authority afbre-faid, That if any person shall after the faid twenty fourth day of December, one thousand feven hundred and fifty eight, during the continuance of this ad, land any fuch falted beef, pork, or butter, or any falted beef called dried beef, or dried neats without <dutv tonSues» or dried hog meat, imported* from Ireland, as afore-paid°to b* faid, before payment of the duty laid or direded by this ad, forfeited, with the fame, together with the calks, veflels, and package, con-\	tabling

1759*) Anaotitioefi^	’	4°i,

taming the famey shall be .forfeited and loft; and the importer the package; or proprietor of the faid commodities fhali alfo forfeit and pay and importer the sum of twenty (hillings for every barrel of fych falt^d beef, alj° barrel *°S* pork, or butter, and for every hundred weight Qf fuch falted orhundred beef, called dried beef, or dried neats tongues, or dped hogs weight, meat, fo imported and landed as aforefaid, and fo in proportion ,

For every greater or lefler quantity thereof; and that it shall and, Officer of t may be lawful to and for any person or persons (being an,of- cuboids, or i ficer of the cuftoms, or of his Majesty’s duties upon fait) to ^avfeiae the take and feize ail fuch commodities as shall be imported and 1 landed, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this and the Forfeitures ta former ad ; and that all penalties and forfeitures inflided and be attributed,! direded#to be levied by this ad, shall bediftributed in manner andrecovered, as by trie faid former ad, and may be recovered either by the as for~ ways and means direded and appointed by the faid former ad, mcr a # i or may be fued for, recovered, and mitigated, by any of the laws of and relating to the excife.

CAP. IT. .

An cEl to continue, for a farther time, the prohibition of the exportation of corn, malt, meal, flour, bread, bifeuit, and ftarcb •, and alfo to continue, for a further time, the prohibition of the making of low wines and fpirits from wheat, barley, malt, or any other fort of grain, or from meal or flour; and to prohibit, for a limited time, the making of low wines and fpirits from bran.

WHEREAS an aft made in the lafl fejjion cf parliament, in- Preamble, re-tituled, An act for continuing certain laws made in the Jaft feflion of parliament, for prohibiting the exportation of**'q^oI*** * corn, malt, meal, flour, bread, bifeuit, and (larch; and for pro^ hibiting the making of low wines and fpirits from wheat, barley, malt, or any other fort of grain, or from meal or flour; and -to allow the tranfportation of wheat, barley, oats, meal, and ilour, to the Ifle of Man, for the ufe of the inhabitants there; and for reviving and continuing an ad made in the fame feflion; for difeontinuing the duties upon corn and flour imported, and ,upon corn, grain, meal, bread, bifeuit, and flour, taken from the enemy; and to permit the importation of corn and flour into Great Britain and Ireland, in neutral (hips; and to authorize his Majesty, with the advice of his privy council, to order and permit the exportation of fuch quantities of the com modifies* afore fajd, 3s may be neceflary for the fudentation of any forces in the pay of Great Britain, or of thofc of his Majeffy’s • allies ading in fupport of the common caufe; and to prohibit the payment of any boiunty upon the exportation of any of •the faid commodities to be made during the continuance of this -ad, is near expiring: and whereas it is expedient that fo much of the faid all as relates to the exportation of corn, malt, meal, flour, bread, bifeuit, and (larch \ and afo that the ail made in the thir~

Wql, XXII.	Dd	tieth



402	Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii H. c. a.	[1759,

aiul to Geo. %	year °f his Prefint Majefty's reign, intituled, An	a& to pro-

hibit, for a limited time, the making of low wines and fpiriu from wheat, barley, malt, or any other fort of grain, or from any meal or flour, which was continued by the fatd firft mentioned ' ally Jbould be further continued 5 be it therefore ena&ed by the * King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confect of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefect The recited parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That claufes in the f0 much of the faid adfc made in the laft session of parliament, feflion thC *** intituled. An all for continuing certain laws made in the loft feffisu 9 of parliamcnty for prohibiting the exportation of corny malty med, floury brtady bifeuit, and flarch\ and for prohibiting the making sf low wines and fpiritSy from wheat, barley, malty or any other Jen of grainy or from meal or flour \ and to allow the transportation ;/ wheaty barleyy oats, meal, and floury to the Ifle of Man, for tht ttfe of the inhabitants there; and for reviving and continuing an o3 made in the fame fejfon, for difeoritinuing the duties upon com ed flour importedy and upon corn, grainy meed, bready bifeuit, and flesr, taken from the enemy \ and to permit the importation of corn sd flour into Great Britain and Ireland, in neutral Jbips\ and to authorize his Majesty, with the advice of his privy council, to order and permit the exportation of fuch quantities of the commodities afsrt-faid, as may be necessary for the fujlentation of any forces in the pej of Great Britain, or of thofe of his Majeflfs allies acting in flip-port of the common caute; and to prohibit the payment of any bcmij upon the exportation of any of the faid commodity to be made during the continuance of this ally as relates to the continuation of the a& made in the preceding session of parliament, for prohibiting the exportation of corn, malt, meal, flour, bread, bif-and in aft 30 cuit, and ftarch; and alfo the several claufes in the faid firft Geo. a. mentioned a<ft contained, for allowing the tranfportation of wheat, barley, oats, meal, and flour, to the Ifle of Man, for the ufe of the inhabitants there ; to authorise his Majesty, by the advice of his privy council, to order and permit the exportation of fuch quantities of the commodities aforefaid, as may be ne-ceffary for the fuflentation of any forces in the pay of Grqat Bri-tainy or of thofe of his Majesty’s allies, adting in fupport of the common caufe; and to prohibit the payment of any bounty up-further con- on the exportation of any of the faid commodities; shall be, tinued to 24. and the fame are hereby further continued, from the expiration Dec. 1759 ; thereof, until the twenty fourth day of December, one ihoqfand Unleis the feven hundred and fifty nine; ynlefs fuch continuation Ihadl b« abridged by abridged or Ihortened by any other aft to be made in this pre-rai ljaments or fent session of parliament, or unlefs fuch continuation (hall, dur-by proclama- jng the recefs of parliament, be abridged or (hortened by his tion, or order Majesty’s royal proclamation or proclamations, to be iflued with © couna. tjlc advice or his privy council, or his Majesty’s order or orders in council, to be publifhed in the London Gazette; which pro-clamation or proclamations, order or orders, his Majesty, during the recefs of parliament, and not otherwife, is hereby 1m-powered, with the advice of his privy council, to ifluc and make.

2	II.	And

1759*] Annatricefimo secundo Georgii IL C. 1.	40$

JL And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Aft v>Geo*. Tha,t the faid ad made in the thirtieth year of his Majesty’s continued to reign, intituled, dn aft to prohibit, for a limited time* the making z* cc*17591 of low wines and fpirits from wheats barley, malty or any other Jort of grainy or from any meal or floury shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued, from the expiration thereof, until the faid twenty fourth day of December, one thousand feven hundred and fifty nine.

III.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, and the feve* That from and after the twenty Fourth day of December.. one r*1 proton* thoufend feven hundred and fifty eight, until the twenty fourth tended tcTpro-day of Decembery one thousand (even hundred and fifty nine, hibiring the * the several provisions made by the faid ad for prohibiting the making of making of Law wines and fpirits from wheat, barley, malt, or low wnesand any other fort of grain, or from any meal or flour, (hall, in like trom manner, extend to the prohibiting of the making of low wines

and fjpirits from bran.

IV.	And whereas it would be of geat relief and advantage to the inhabitants of the islands of Jerfey and Guemfey, if a fufficient quantity of mealy floury bready and bifcuity was allowed to be tranf-ported to the faid iflandsy for the only ufe of the inhabitants there, ///-ftead of the like quantity of wheat, malty or barley, allowed by the faid aft made in the lajl fejjion of parliament to be tranfported to thofe

iftands 1 be it therefore further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Certain quart-That it shall be lawful, at any time or times before the expira- bread tion of this ad, to tranfport, from the port of Southampton only, or bifcuit, may unto the faid islands of Jerfey and Guernseyy for the onlyufc of be tranfported the inhabitants there, any quantity or quantities of meal, flour, from South-bread, or bifcuit, in lieu of the like quantity or quantities of tte^feof°the whtat, malt, or barley, allowed by the faid aft to be tranfported inhabitants of to the faid iflands, fo that the whole quantity of wheat, malt, bar- Jerfey and Icy, meal, flour, bread, and bifcuit, tranfported to the faid iflands, Guernsey, before the expiration of this ad, doth pot exceed the quantity of wheat, malt, or barley, limited by the faid ad to be tranfported to thefaSd iflands; and fuch tranfporiation hereby authoriz- un**c.rcertain ed and allowed, shall be made under fuch and the like regula- rc* tions, penalties, and forfeitures, as the rranfportation of wheat, malt, and barley, to the faid islands is by the faid ad madefub-jed ; any thing in any former ad or ads contained to the contrary notwithftandjng.	.	.

V.	And be it further eoaded by the authority aforefaid. That, deemed

in order to afeertain the amount of the faid tranfportation, every equal to 1 bu-feventy pounds avoirdupois weight of bread or bifcuit, shall be Ihel of wheat, deemed refpedively, fpr the purposes of this ad, equal to one&c# bulhcl of wheat, maltv or barley.	_	.

VI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That J^de^o the the commissioners of the customs for the time being (hall, and parliament of they are hereby required, to give a full and true account in writ- the quantity ing to both houfes of parliament, at the beginning of the next

feflion thereof, of all flour, meal, bread, and bifcuit, that shall c?ParU# have been exported to each of the faid islands of Jerfey and Guemfey, by virtue or in purfuance of this *d.

Dd2	CAP.

 

Anno triceiimo secundo Georgii 11. c. —8.	[1759*

CAP. III.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raifed in Great Britain, tor the fervice of the year one thouland feveu hundred and fifty nine. 4/. in the pound.

CAP. IV.

An act for continuing and granting to hi* Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty nine.

CAP. V.

An act for punishing mutiny and defertion ; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

CAP. VI.

An act to explain and amend an aft parted in the twenty second year of his present Majeftyreign, intituled, An act for the more eajy andfpeudy re cowry of fm all debts within the town and borough tf Southwark, and tie fevered panfhes of Saint Saviour, Saint Mary at Newington, Saint Mary . Magdalen Berm^dfey, Cbrift Church, Sami Mary Lambeth, and Saint Mary at Rotkerhitb, in the county of Surry, and the J ever at precinfts and Bherttei of the fame\ and for extending the powers and provifions of the laid aft . to inch part of the eaftem hsuf of the hundred of Brixton, in the faid countyi as is not included in the (aid aft.

CAP. VII.

An act to indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices and employment* within the time limitedby law; and for allowing further time for that purpofe.

Preamble, reciting the several qualifying afts of i Geo. i, 13 Car. 1, *5 Car. a, 13 Car. 2, 18 Geo. »*, 30 Geo. 2, and 31 Geo. 2. FuYther time to *8 Nov. 1759, allowed to persons who have omitted to qualify themfdves, as the faid laws direft. Perfons qualifying themfelves in manner, and within the time, appointed, recapacitated and indemnified. 'Offices &c. already avoided by judgment of a court, aud filled up, confirmed. Nooe indemnified where final judgment hath been given for the penalty incurred.

CAP. VIII.

»

An act for taking off tbt prohibition of the exportation of corn, malt, meal, flour, breads bifeuit, and flarcb.

WHEREAS by an aft made in this session of parliament, intituled, An act to continue, fora farther time, the prohibition of the exportation of corn, malt, meal, flour, bread, bifeuit, and ftarch ; and alfo to continue, for a farther time,' the prohibition of the making of low wines and fpirits from Wheat, barley, malt, or any other fort of grain, or from meal or flour; and to prohibit, fora limited time, the making of low wines and fpirits from bran; it was enafted, That the prohibition of the exportation of corny malty mealy flour, breads bifeuit, andflarchy and lib: wife the prohibition of the payment of any bounty upon the exportation of any of the faid commoditieSy Jhould be further continued until the twenty fourth day of December, one thousand feven hundred and ffty niniy unlefs Jueh continuation Jhould be abridged or Jhortened bf any other aft to be mode in this present fljfisn of parliament, or in .	fueb





*759-] Anno tricesimo secundo GeorgiiTI. c. 9,^0.	405,

fuch other manner as by the jaid aft is provided: and whereas it is expedient for the publick fervice, that the continuance of fo much of thefaid aft as relates to the prohibition of the exportation ofcorn, malt, meal, flour, breads bifcuit, and ftarch, and of the payment of any\ bounty on the exportation of any of the faid commodities, fbould be. abridged and ]hortened\ be it enatfted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parlia-liamcnt aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That fuch The «*P°rta-* continuance (hall, from and after the twenty fifth day oft10?corn; March, one thousand feven hundred and fifty nine, ceafe and:™fonally a™* determine.	lowed,

II. Provided always, and be it enatfted by the authority afore- unlefshivMa-faid. That if, at any time before the twenty fifth day of Dev. iefty by> Pr°-cember, one thousand feven hundred and fifty nine, his Majesty ordT^irTcouni lhall judge it to be moft for the benefit and advantage of this cii, fl,ajji ^ kingdom to flop the exportation of the faid commodities, it shall the exporta-be lawful for his Majesty, by his royal proclamation, to be iflued bon thereof, by the advice of his privy council, or by Iris Majesty’s order in until °€C# Council, to be publifhed in the London Gazette, to prohibit and ,759# flop tht exportation of the laid commodities, until the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand feven hundred and fifty nfoe \ except only in fuch cafes in which the faid commodities Exception, were allowed to be exported during fuch continuance of the laid a<ft of this fefiion of parliament.

CAP. IX.

An a ft for the regulation of his Majesty’s marine forces while on (bore.

CAP. X.

An act for granting to bis Majesty a fubfidy, of poundage upon certain goods and merchandizes to be imported into this kingdom *, and an additional inland duty on coftee and chocolate \ and for raijing the sum of fix millions fix hundred thousand pounds 9 by way of annuities and a lottery, to be charged on the faidfubfidy and additional inland duty.

Mofi gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjedls, the Preamble.

commons or Great Britain in parliament aflembled, to- * wards raifing, by the moft eafy means, the neceflary (upplies to defray your Majesty’s publick. expences, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several fubfidies, rates, and duties, herein after mentioned; and do moft humbly befeech your Majesty, that it may beenadted; and be it enacted by the King’s nrioft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual, and temporal and Commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the au- ’ thority of the fame. That from and after the fifth day of April An additional Ofit thousand feven hundred and fifty nine, there shall bp raifed, lubtidy ot i2d.

D d 7	levied,in the P°uml

**	4	granted upoji





' 4©$

Anno tricesimo fccundo Georgii II. c. 10. [i 759,

valued in ibe books of ijitcsj

and to be le-

certain goods levied, collected, and paid unto and for the ufe of his MojeAy, and merchan-heirs, and fucceffors, for and upon all tobacco, foreign lin-^iacs import* nens^ fUgar^ and other grocery, as the fame is underftood in the books of rates, except currants; Eafl India goods, except coffe* and raw filks; foreign, brandy and fpirits, except rum of the produce of the Briti/h fugar plantations; and paper, which (hail be imported or brought into the kingdom of Great Britain, a fubfldy poundage of twelve pence in the pound, ac-# * cording to the value or rate refpeCHvely fet upon each of the faid commodities by the several books of rates, or any aCk or alts of parliament relating thereunto; which fubfidy shall be paid by the importer of fuch goods and merchandizes, before die landing thereof, over and above all other duties charged or chargeable thereupon.

Hr And be it further enaCted and declared by the authority vied and paid aforefaid, That the faid fubfidy of poundage by this ad impofed, into the exche* fhaH be raifed, levied, colle&ed, and paid into his Majesty’s ex-^	chequer,	for	the purposes in this a A exprefled, in fuch and like

form and manner, and with fuch allowances, difeounts, drawbacks, and exemptions, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, and according to fuch rules, methods, and directions, as are as the fubfidy preferibed or appointed for railing, levying, collecting* and pay-of 5I. per cent. mg, the fubfidy of five pounds per centum, granted by an ad Oeo&<L*f m^c *n twcnty ^ year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for granting to bis Majefly a fubfidy rf pound*# upon all goods and merchandizes to be imported into this kingdom; and for raifing a certain fum of money by annuities and a lottery, to bt charged on the faidfubfidy; andfor repealing fo much vf an off modi in the twentieth year of his present Majejly's reign, as enatts, That prize goods and merchandize may be exported without paying any duty of cuftom or excife for the lame; or as are contained in or by any other aCt or a<5ts of parliament by the faid a St of the twenty firft year of the reign of his prelent Majesty, referred unto, or any of them) and all and every the powers, authorities, yules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, now in force, contained in the faid aCt made in the twenty firft year of his present Majesty’s reign, or in any other a& or aCts of parliament in the faid aCf referred unto, or any of them, for the raifing, levying, collecting, and paying, the fubfi-9	dies thereby granted, shall bain full force, and be duly obferved,

*	praClifed,	and	put in execution, throughout this kingdom, for

raifing, levying, collecting, and paying, the fubfidy of poundage of twelve pence in the pound by “this aCt granted, as fully and effectually to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame or the Kkc powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enaCted in the body of this present aCt. prize goods III. Provided neverthelefs, That if any of the goods and »re to he merchandizes, charged with the fubfidy by this aCt impofed, w.thfhe du-y baveb«n, or, during the continuance of this present war with tie* payabte by Fraace> thall be, taken and brought into any port of this king-A&ioGeo.*.	dom



40 7

\

*759*] Anno ttioc&no fccundo Georoii II. c. \o.

dom by any of bis Msyefty’s (hips or veffcls of war, or by any private (hips or veflels of war* and shall be condemned as lawful prize, the. fame shall not be liable to any other or further duty than what they are refpeftively charged with, by an aft made in the thirtieth year of bis prefect Majesty, intituled* An a& for the relief and encouragement qf the captors of prizes% with refbeft to the bringing and landing prize goods in this kingdom; un«

Ids the faid goods and merchandizes fo taken and condemned anteft taken as prize, (hall, for home confumption, betaken out of any ware* out of the houf? wherein they are fecured under the provifions of the faid wareboufcs aft; in which cafe, the person or perfona fo taking out the faid ^onruTpVion. goods and merchandizes shall firft pay up the fubfidy by this F aft granted, as well as all other duties payable to his Majesty thereon.

IV.	Provided also, and it is the true intent and meaning of Allowance to this aft, that the importers of tobacco (hall, upon paying be made to the down the fubfidy hereby granted, have the fame allowance with ,mPortcr °( refpeft to^this fubfidy, as they are intitfed to by any law now in payw°down force upon tobacco imported; but in cafe the faid fubfidy hereby The duty, granted, shall not be paid down as aforefaid, and the faid impor-Bond to be ters shall become bound to his Majesty, his heirs, or (ucceffors,Y,vJ£ 0I> with one or more fufficient fureties, to he approved of by the^tnyto colleftor of the port where the tobacco (ball be imported, with * the cunfentof the comptroller of fuch port, in one or more bond

jot bonds, at the eleftion of the importer, for payment of the faid fubfidy within eighteen months, to commence at the end of thirty days after the matter’s report of the (hip, or to commence from the merchant’s entry qf the goods within thofe thirty days, which shall firft happen; that then the importers (hall, in fuch and thc . cafe, have, and be intitled to, the feme allowances and difcqunts, portersto have with refpeft to the fubfidy hereby granted, or for paying the feme the ufual al-before the bonds become due, as they are at this time intitled to l®^ances ***& by any law now in force upon bands given for tobacco imported; d“counts* any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife uotwithftanding.

V.	Provided always, and it is.hereby enafted and declared by Drawback of the authority aforefeid. That in all cafes where any goods ok the duty a), merchandizes, that have paid the fubfidy hereby granted* fbali^^

at any time or times be again exported by any merchant or mer*?tio^o/goods chants, within three years from the importation theaeof, the within 3 years, fubfidy by this aft granted, and which shall have been aftually paid for luch goods, wares, or merchandizes, (hall, without any delay or reward, be paid unto fuch merchant or merchants who shall export the feme, or the fecurity vacated; except for fuchEiccc .	'

goods or merchandizes, as by any former aft or afts of parlia- x p l0n* ment it is declared no drawback shall be paid or allowed upon exportation of.

VI.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority Drawback of aforefaid. That fo much money as (hall, from time to time, the duty al-be paid for the duties granted by this or any former aft or afts l°w«d on pa-of parliament wbatfoever, for any quantities of paper which



408	Anna	tricefimo secundo Georgii II. c. *10.	[*759.

in the learned shall be ufed in printing any books mthe larin* peek, oriental l!?rage*S or llon^lern languages, within the two univerfities afOxford or ties- UmVC Cdhbridge* or either of them, by percniffion of the vice Chastcel-

*	lors of the fame refpectively, shall and may be drawn back and repaid in fuch manner as is prefcribed by an ad made in the tenth year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled. An aft'for laying feme-rod duties upon all foap and paper made wGreat Britain, or imparted into the fame; and upon chequered and Jlriped linens imported5 end

tlnnf I0< uPon cerra*n wlUcees,* linens, andfluffs, printed9 pointed* or flawed \ ana< upon several kinds of fiampt vellum, parchment* and paper \ and upon certain printed papers* pamphlets* and advertife-meats, for raifing thefum of eighteen hundred thousand pounds* by my of lottery, towards her M&jefly's fupply; and for luenfng an additional number of hackney chairs; and for charging certain pocks of cards and dice* arid for better fecuring her' Majeffys duties to arife in the office for the flamp duties by licences for marriages and other-wife; andfor relief of per fans who have not chimed their lottery tickets

•	in due time, or have left exchequer bills, or lottery tickets \ and far . borrowing money upon flock, part of the capital of the South Seasons-

pany, for thenfe of the publick.

Like draw- - VII.-Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority back allowed aforefaicV Tharfo much money as fhall, from time to time, be on paper ufed paid forthe duties granted by this or any former ad or a&s of b1 p£lnt,nf parliament whatfoever, for any quantities of paper which shall {earned”an-C	*n Prinbng any books in the la tin, greek, oriental, or

guages in the northern languages, withifi the univerfities ofScotland* or any of univerfities of them, i>y permiffion of the principal of the (feme refpe&irety, Scotland. (hail and may be drawn back and repaid in fuch manner as is pre&ribed by an ad made in the tenth year of the reign of Qpecn Atone, lhtirried, An act for laying faveral duties upon all faapond paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame % and upon chequered md ftriped linens imported \ and upon certainfelts* ccMicm*

‘ linens* and fluffs, printed, painted* or Pained\ and upon fevered kinds of fiampt vellum* parchment, and [papery and upon certain printed papers, pamphlets, and advertifements* for raifing the fan of eighteen hundred ihoufsni pounds, fy weft of a lottery, towards her • idajefiys fupply; • andfor licenfing an additional number of* hackney theirs i and for charging certain flocks of cards and dice; and for m better faturing her Majefly’s duties to arife in the officefor theftamp t	ties by lianas for marriages and ctherwifa; and for relief of perfans

%abo have not claimed their lottery tickets in due time* or hive loft exchequer bills* or lottery tickets; * arid for borrowing money upon flock* pent of thee capital of the South Sea company, for the life of the puilick.

A Drawback * VIII. And be it further ena&ed by thp authority aforefaid, of 3s. per ‘ That for every hundred weight of fugar imported into Great weight Id low-	afteMne faid fifth day of April one thousand feven hon-

on fugar re- dreid and fifty n‘ne» a°d refined there (and fo in proportion for fined in Great a greater or lefTer quantity) that shall be exported out of this Brirain, and kingdom, after the faid fifth day of April one thousand feven exported, See. founded and fifty nine, during the continuance of this a&, there (ball be repaid at the cuftom-houfe to the exporterrwithin thirty

days

G^ogl

e

1759O Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. ia	409

days after the demand thereof, the sum of three shillings, over and above the prelent bounties; oath being firft made by the Refiner to refiner that the fugar fo exported was produced from brown and make oath, mufcovado iugar charged by this aCt, and that, as he verily behoves, the fame was imported from his Majesty’s plantations in Amenta, and the duty duty paid at the time of the importation thereof, the exporter making oath that the fame was duly ex- Exporter to ported, and his Majesty’s fearchers alfo certifying the (hipping makeoath. thereof, and all other rcquifites being performed according to the Searcher to jrefoe&ive books of rates.	certify.

IX,	And be it further enaCted and declared by the authority Books to be aforefaid. That in the office of the auditor of the receipt of the kept for enter-exchequer, a book or books shall be provided and kept, in which the mo-all the money arifing from the faid additional fubfidy of poundage by thbaSf ^ of twelve pence in the pound, and paid into the faid receipt, y

(hall be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs, or fuccefiors, upon anv account whatfoever; and the faid money fo arifing from the (aid addi* tional fubfidy of poundage of twelve pence in the pound, and paid into the faid receipt of the exchequer, shall be part of the fund eftabfiftied for the several purposes herein after mentioned.

X.	And be it further enabled and declared by the authority An additional aforefaid, That from and after the fifth day of April one thou- inland duty to fond (even hundred and fifty nine, there shall bexharged, levied, be paid of collected, and paid, unto and for the ufeof his Majesty, his ,*j*r ^on heirs, and fucceftors, for and upon all coffee to be fold in Great co,fcc*

Britain, by wholefale or retail, and upon all chocolate to be

made or fold in Great Britain, an additional inland duty, to be

paid by the refpeCtive fellers of fuch coffee, and by the refpeCtive

makers or fellers of fuch chocolate; that is to fay, For and

upon all coffee to be fold in Great Britain,an additional duty of

one (hilling per pound weight averdupoife; and in that propor*

tion for a greater or lefler quantity, over and above the prefent

inland duty, and over and above all customs and duties payable •

upon the importation thereof; and for and upon all chocolate to	*

be made dr fold in Great Britain, an additional duty of nine pence on^ocoUtc?*

per pound weight averdupoife; add in that proportion for a

greater or lefler quantity, over and above the present inland

duty payable thereupon.

XL And be it further enabled and declared by the authority The faid da-aforefaid, That the faid additional inland duties hereby granted ties on coffee to his Majesty, shall beraifcd, levied, collected, and paid, in the and chocolate fame manner, andunder fuch management, and under fuch pe- to** l.^v*ed nalties and forfeitures, *nd with fuch poWefs for recovering the tomerin-fame, and by fuch rules, ways, and methods, as the former in- land duties land duties payable to his Majesty upon coffee and chocolate are payable there-raifed, levied, collected, and paid, as fully, and to all intents and 0A* purpofes, as if the several daufes, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, relating thereto, were particularly repeated, and ?gain enaded, in the body of this present act.

X1L And be it further cnaCtcd and declared by the authority

- '	afore-





4io

Coffee lodged in warehoufe* on 6 April, 17594 to be charged with the new additional duty j

as alfe the flock in band of coffee and chocolate (except for private ufe}

90lb. of roaft-ed coffee to be charged after the rate of iulb. of raw coffee. Duty to be paid into the office of ex-cife.

Stock in band of chocolate (except for private ufe) to be brought to the proper offices in order to be ftampt.

Anno tricesimo fecund© GgDRGft #, c*»a.	[	1759.

aforefaid, That alt the coffee which, on the hath day af April one thousand (even hundred and fifty nine, shall he ledge<1 or fecured in any warehouse or warehouses in purfuancc of tbodi-raffions of any former ad or adi$ «f parliament io that behalf made, shall be, and is hereby charged with the (aid additional duty of one (hilliagp/r pound, to be paid in fill* meaner aajthc former inland duty on coffee is directed to he paid.

XIII.	And be it further enabled and declared, That til the coffee and chocolate, lyhfob any,dealer in, or.feiler of, Gnie<,*r any dealer in, or maker or feller of, chocolate, in Brttmm (other than.and except fu?h perfaos who make chocolate for their family ufe, and not for fafe, with refpoft only to their Aock in hand) oraoyperfon orperibnsin truftfor him, her, or then* or for his, her, or their ufe, shall be poffefled of, or intemfted in, upon the faid fixth day of April one thousand feven hundred and fifty nine, shall be, and is hereby, charged with the laid additional inland duty, of one (hilling pound for the faidcofce, and nine pence ptr pqund for the faid chocolate; and that every ninety pounds weight of roafted coffee, by reafbn of the common decreafe by (hrinkng in the reading thereof, IhaU be charged after the rate of one hundred and twelve pounds of tawcoSeo; and fo in proportion for a greater or lefs quantity? which fiud additional inland duty for the (lock in hand shall be paid, by the rdpe&ive fellers of coffee, and .fuch maker* or fellers of chocolate as aforefaid, to the proper officer of entile for the faid inland duties, at the office of cxcife within the limits of which thev shall refpc&jvyly inhabits that it to fay. All fucb duties as shall arife within the litpits of the chief office of excife in I mitt, shall be paid within fourteervdays next after the (aid fifth day of April one thousand feven hundred and fifty nine *, and all filch duties as shall arife in. any other part of Britain, shall be paid within fix weeks nexjt after the faid fifth day of April one thousand feven hundred and fifty nipe>

XIV.	And it ishereby forth or enacted by the authority afbre-

faid. That all fuch chocolate as (hall, on the fixth day of April one thousand feven hundred and fifty nine, be in the cuftody or poffeffion of any maker or feller of chOooUte, other than fuch makers as aforefaid,. or of toy person or perfous in truft, or for the ufe, of him, her, or them, within the limits of the chief office of excife in	Ltnian, (hall, with in fourteen days next after the

the faid fifth day of April one thousand feven hundred and fifty nine, and all fuch chocolate as (hall, on the fixth day of April one thousand feven hundred and fifty nine, be in the poffeffion of any maker or feller of chocolate (other than fuch makers as aforefaid) or of any person or persons in truft, or for the.ufe, of him, her, or them, in any other part of	(hill,

within fix weeks next after the faid fifth day of April one thousand feven hundred and fifty nine, be brought to the retpe&ive offices where the entries for the fame shall be, or ought to have been, made, and shall then have fame new and additional (lamp, mark, impreffion, or device, ajKxcd thereon, to denote that it hasbeen

charg-

 C/ooQle

j 759*1 Anso tricefinfd secundo Georoh II. c. 10.	411

charged frith the fold additional inland duty; which (lamp, Wrw (lamps to markt impreflion, or device, and all other (lamps, marks, im- ** provided preflions, or devices, which shall be made ufe of to denote the occa' Charging the faid additional duties, either on the (lock in hand, ’ or any future (lock, the faid refpe&ive commiflioners oif excife, and for the (aid inland duties, for the time being, are hereby fiire&ed to provide, in fuch manner as to them shall (cem meet; which (tamps, marks, impreffions, or devices, or any of them, whieh m„ . tnay, from time to time, be varied or altered in fuch manner as altered from the faid commiflioners shall judge mod proper; and if any per- time to time, fon or persons whatfoever (hall, at any time, counterfeit or forge, T.hc P*nal*7. or caufe to be counterfeited or forged, any fuch mark, (lamp, °ngCor fo^iog-impreflion, or device, which shall be made ufe of in purfuance the fame, of this adl, or shall utter, vend, or fell, any chocolate with fuch counterfeit mark, (lamp, impreflion or device thereon, knowing the fame to be counterfeited; or (hall, upon any chocolate which has not been duly entered with the proper officer, and for which or f"®* the inland duties has not been duly charged or paid, fix or place ^Xein, any paper or papers having on it or them the impreflion of fuch mark or marks, (lamp or damps; or (hall, in fuch paper or papers, inclofe fuch chocolate as shall not have been duly entered with the proper officer, and for which the inland duties have not been duly charged or paid, with intent to defraud his Majedy of his inland duties for and refpeft of fuch chocolate; that then every fuch person or persons fo offending therein (hall, for every 5ool. and one fuch offence, forfeit and loie the sum of five hundred pounds, yfar’» impri* and alfo shall be committed to the next county gaol, there to re- fonm<nt* main for twelve months without bail or mainprise.

. XV. And it is hereby further ena&ed by the authority afore- The penalty Jaid, That i£ any person or persons having, on the dud fixth day of fecretingor of Aprils one thousand feven hundred and fifty nine, in his or concealing the their cuflody or poffeflton, any (lock or quantity of coffee or of^offee or chocolatechargeable by this adt with the faid additional inland du- chocolate ; ties, (haU clandeftinely remove or carry away, or caufe or fuffer to be removed or carried away, the fame, or any part thereof, before his Majesty’s duties thereupon shall be paid as aforefaid; or shall fraudulently conceal or hide any part of his, her, or their (aid dock of coffee or chocolate; or shall negle& or nefufe ^ ^ fen<j;n_ to bring or fend, within the refpedtive times appointed, bis, her, the chocolate or their faid (lock of chocolate to the refpedtive offices where to be new the entries far the dime shall have been, or ought to have been, &**»!*<

. -made, in order to haive (uch chocolate ftamped as aforefaid; or

fhall, after the find fifth day of April, one thousand (even hun- or vending dred and fifty nine, fell or vend, or offer or expofe to fale, any Wj„lout of their flock of chocolate, without being firft marked or i (lamped to denote the payment of the laid additional inland duty; that then, and in each and every of the faid cafes, be, (he, or. they, fo offending, for every (uch offence, shall for- 10s. per lb. feit the Ann of twenty (hillings for every pound weight of fuch and forfeiture chocolate, and alfo the chocolate fo found after the end of the ,he clloco' faid fourteen days, or fix weeks refpeflively, without foch mark, - **

(lamp.



4U

Ahno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. io.:	[*i 759.

ftamp, impreflion, or device thereon, shall be forfeited, and may be feifed.

XVI. And whereas the provifton by the former law for packing up chocolate in pounds, has not been found fufficient to prevent frauds, and the permitting the fale of chocolate in fmall quantities not packed up and fecured in the manner herein after directed, has tended to encourage the clandeJHne and fraudulent making and felling thereof; It tile to be ob- be 11 farther enabled by the authority aforefaid, That all choco-lenred in late which, from and after the fifth day of Aprils one thoufarid packing up, feven hundred an4 fifty nine, shall be made in Great Britain, shall be packed up, and a (lamp or mark put Upon the fame, in manner herein after mentioned; that is to fay, all fuch makers or proprietors of chocolate, which thall be made in Great Bri-tainy (hall, from time to time, and at the refpe&iVe times and places, when and where they are required to make entries of the chocolate, by or for them refpeblively made as aforefaid, ^	produce all the chocolate contained in fuch entry, at the refpec-

brewght to the tivt offices where fuch entries are or ought to be made,' to th^ proper offices, refpebtiv e officers who are, or shall be appointed for the receiv-©n forfeiture jng fuch entries, on pain of forfeiting the sum of twenty (hil-*°8 Se^ed ^nSs ^or cvcry Poun(* weight of fuch chocolate which shall not

and ftamping Chocolate.

AH chocolate entered, is to be duly

and to up with thread in pa-

then be produced ; which chocolate shall be brought,* inclofed, packed, and tied up with thread, in papers, which faid papers per# cither of shall each of them contain either one pound, or half a pound, onc	or a quarter of a pound weight of chocolate, and not more or

a lefs (at the eleblion of the makers or proprietors) each of which papers fo tied up, (hall, by an officer appointed, or to be appointed, by the refpedlive commissioners of excife and inland be feverall duties f°r that purpofe, or tht major part of them refpebtively, ftampt by the ^ave fach a mark, ftamp, imfpreffiori, or device, affixed thereon, proper om- a$ shall be by the faid refpeblive commissioners for the time be* cersj

and none to

one naif pound, or a quarter of a pound, which are to

ing, from time to time, devifed or appointed for that purpofe.

_______________  aVIJ.	And	it is hereby further enabled by the authority a-

belold in lefs forefaid. That if any person or persons shall fell chocolate in quantities any lefs quantity thari a quarter of a pound, or shall fell and 'fa'* undrtCF ^e“ver any chocolate to any person not being at the time of the o apoun , fa]c an<j delivery thereof duly marked or damped, or not being at that time inclofed, packed, and tied up with the identical piece of thread which is directed to be ufed in tying up the Chocolate in a paper, before the fame is to have the mark, (lamp, impreffion, or device, affixed thereon, or (hail fell and deliver any chocolate, whereof the thread or (lamped label inclofing the fame at the time of the fale and delivery thereof, shall have teen broke or opened in any manner whatfoever, every person or persons fo offending, (hall, for every fuch offence refpeblively* forfeit twenty pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enabled and declared by the authority aforefaid, That in the office of the auditor of the receipt of tcring the du- the exchequer, a book or bqoks shall be provided and kept, in ties apart from which all the monies arifing by the faid additional inland duties, others. Up0n coffcc an(j chocolate, and paid into the faidreceipt, shall be

entered

nor without being ftampt, and tied up $ and having the original thread and ftamp unbroken and un-opened; on forfeiture of aol.

Books to be kept For en





ty59.] Anno triccfimo fccundo GEORQJIII. C. 1 q. 413

entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs, and fucceflors, upon any account whatfoever; and the faid money fo arifing from the faid additional duties, and paid into the faid receipt of exchequer, shall l^e part of the fund eftablifhed for the several purposes herein after mentioned.

XIX.	And be it further enabled and declared by the autho- Thefe duties rity aforefaid, That the several annuities which by this a<5t are *PP^Pnatcd. herein after dire&ed to attend, as well the principal fum of fix |£|!nt millions fix hundred thousand pounds, and the additional ca- annuities pital of five pounds to be added to every one hundred pounds chargeable on thereof, as the additional capital which will arife by ten pounds, *he mon*cs to be given in and by a lottery ticket to each fubfcriber, for and ^(Tc^edit of upon every one hundred pounds, advanced and paid towards this aft.

the faid fum of fix millions fix hundred thousand pounds, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of the fubfi-dies, rates, and duties, compofing the fund hereby eftablifhed for the pavment thereof, and the faid fubfidies, rates, and duties, are fiereby appropriated for that purpofe accordingly.

XX.	And whereas the commons of Great Britain in parliament	1

ajfembled, have refolvedy That towards raifing the fupply granted to,

bis Majejiy in this present session of parliament, the sum of fix millions fix hundred thousand pounds, be raifed by transferable an-nuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum pet annum 5 and that an additional capital of fifteen pounds be added to every one hundred pounds advanced; which additional cap tal Jhall ccnfifl of ten pounds in a lottery ticket given to each fubfcriber on every one hundred pounds advanced, and of five pounds in like transferable annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum : and where** as purfuant to, and upon the several terms and conditions expreffed in the faid refolution, several persons have* in books opened at the bank of Englander that purpofe, fubfcribed together the whole of the faid fum of fix millions fix hundred thousand pounds, and made de-pofits of fifteen pounds per centum, on the refpeflive fums by them fo fubfcribed^ with the cafbitrs of the bank of England ; and whereas several of the faid fubfcribers may have already paid, or may hereafter pay unto the faid cafhiers, the whole or feme further parts of the fums by them refpeflively fubfcribed\ previous to the days limited and appointed for the faid refpcftive payments; be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid. That it shall and may be law- Timet of pay-ful to and for all fuch fubferibers who have made depofits with, ntents In re-or payments of further parts tp the, faid cafhiers, as afore- fpe& °f lh* faid, to advance and pay, and they are hereby required	1

advance and pay, unto the faid cafhier or cafhiers of the faid fubfaU^to. ^governor and company of the bank of England, the several re- wards annui-mainders of the fums by them refpe&ively fubfcribed, towards tics, the faid fum of fix millions fix hundred thousand pounds, at or before the refpedbve times or days, and in the proportions herein after limited and appointed on that behalf j that is to fay, the further fum of ten pounds per centum*, being part of the fum fo regaining, 91* or before' the thirtieth day of Afafcb, in the year ' ‘	‘	;	 *	'one

 

4*4 Anno tricesimo fecuncfo Georou II. C. xa [1759.

one thousand feven hundred and fifty nine; the further fiun of ten pounds per centum, other part thereof, on or before the twenty feventh day of April, then next followings the further fum of ten pounds per centum, other part thereof on or before thirty firft day of May, then next following; the further'fum of ten pounds per centum, other part thereof, on or before the twenty eighth day of June, then next following; the further fum of fifteen pounds per centum, other part thereof, on or before the twenty feventh day of July, then next following; the further fum of ten pounds per centum., other part thereof on or before the thirty firft day of Augufly then next following; the further fum of ten pounds pir centum, other part thereof, oh or before the twenty eighth day of September, then next following; and the remaining fum of ten pounds per centum, on or before • the twenty fixth day of OHober^ then next following.

Contributors XXL And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, making their That all fuch fubferibers or contributors, their executors, ad-XS^ST min^rators> fucceflors, and afligns, paying in the whole, or times limited, anY Part t^lc fums ty them respectively fubferibed, previous 9 to the days appointed tor the refpe&ive payments herein before dire&ed, in reipedt to their proportionable (hare of the faid fum i t be all j	millions	fix	hundred	thoufand pounds, shall be intitied to |

imereft for the an allowance of fo much money as the interest of the several fums j feme, &c. fo previoufly paid, after the rate of three pounds per centum per

annum> shall amount to, from the days on which fuch previous ' payments shall have been actually made, to the refpetfive times on which fuch payments are directed to be made; fuch allowance to be paid by the faid ca(hier or caftiiers, out of the monies contributed towards the faid fum of fix millions fix hundred thousand pounds, a$ (oon as fuch refpedtive contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, and afligns, shall have completed their payments herein before directed to be made. Annuities to XXII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefeid, bear 31. per That each and every fuch fubferiber or fubferibers, contributor ccnU	or contributors, shall be intitied to an annuity after the rate of

three pounds per centum per annum,, for and upon every one hundred pounds by him or them refpeftively fubferibed, advanced, and paid ; and alfo to a like annuity of three pounds per centum per annum, for and upon an additional capital of five pounds, to be added to every one hundred pounds, by fuch fubferiber or fubferibers, contributor or contributors rcfpedtively, advanced and paid ; which faid annuities shall commence and be comput-to commence C(j from tfoe fifth ^ of Januafyy one thousand feven hundred *759*5 ^an# an(* nine, an(l shall bc Paitl by half-yearly payments, by even and equal portions, on the fiftn day of July, and the fifth day of January, in every year.

Subfcribers, XXni. And be it furtner enabled by the authority aforefaid, for every 100I. That each and every fuch fubferiber or fubferibers, contributor fubTcribed, in- or contributors, (hall, for and upon every one hundred pounds tery ticker 0t" by him or them refpe&ively fubferibed, advanced, and paid, be *	*	like wife intitied to. one ticket in the lottery, hereinafter men-

tioned;



1759-} Anno tyicefirpo fecpndp Georoii II. c. io.	415

tioned j which faid ticket will be equal in value ttv and is to bt

taken and accepted as an addition of ten pounds capital, on every

one hundred pounds fubferibed, advanced, and paid, as afore-

faid, which fucva shall carry an annuity at the rate of three pounds

per centum per annum \ and the faid.annuity shall commence and to carry 3L

be computed from the fifth day of January, onethoufand feven per cent.

hundred and fixty, and shall be paid by half-yearly payments

on the fifth day or July* and the fifth day of January, in every

year.

XXIV.	And be it further ena&ed, That all the annuities a- Annuities forefaid, shall be transferable at the bank of England-, fubjeft transferable, ncverthelefs to fuch redemption as is hereafter mentioned.

XXV.	And be it further dialled by the authority aforefaid, Cafhier to give That the cafhier or caflfiers of the governor and company of the rece,Pu bank of England, who shall have received, or shall receive any [jj0liey

part of the faid contributions, towards the faid fum of fix millions fix hundred thousand pounds, shall give a receipt or receipts in writing to every fuch contributor, for all fuch fums, and that the receipts to be given shall be aifignable by indorfe- the fame made ment thereupon made at any time before the fifth day of January ^ arguable, one thousand feven hundred and fixty, and no lpnger.

XXVI.	Provided always, That fuch calhier or cafhiers shall Cafhier to give give fecurity to the good liking of any three or more of the com- (ecurity \ miflioners of the treasury for the time being, or the high trea-

furer for the time being, for duly anfwering and paying into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, for the public ufe, all the -monies which they have already received, and shall hereafter receive, from time to time, of and for the faid fum of fix millions fix hundred thousand pounds, and for accounting duly for the fame, and for performance of the truft hereby in them repofed* and to pay in and (hall, from time to time, pay all fuch monies fo received, fhe monre* and account for the fame, in the exchequer, according to the !"t0 thc cx~ due courfe thereof.	c.iequer.

XXVII.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid, r - .

That the faid cafhiei* or ca(hiers (hall, and they are hereby au- , eWptot » c \. thorized and required, upon the payment of twenty five pounds percent. tJ for every one hundred pounds fo fubferibed as aforefaid, and not give a note before, to give a note or writing figned by him or them to fuch tor the t!e,u contributor or contributors, obliging himfelf or themfelves to J^ deliver to fuch contributor or contributors, or their afligns, a every iool. ticket in thc lottery herein after-mentioned, of the value of ten fubferibed. pounds, by way of additional capital, for every one hundred

pounds by them refpeltively fubferibed towards railing the fum pf fix millions fix hundred thousand pounds^ for the purposes a-forefaid, as foon as the managers and directors to be appointed *for preparing and delivering out the faid tickets in the faid lottery, shall deliver to the faid cafhier or caflfiers the books comprehending the faid tickets.

XXVIII.	And be it further ena&cd by the authority afore- Treafury to faid. That it shall and may be lawful for three or more of the aP^y llic mo* commiffioncrs of the. treasury, or the high treasurer for the tim? vJce/voV a by

being, the commons.





4»*	Anno	tricefimo	fecundoGEORGii	II.	c 10.	759-

being, to iflue and apply, from time to time, all fuch Turns of money as shall be fo paid into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer by the faid calhier or caihiers, to fuch fervices as shall then have been voted by the commons of Great Britain, in this ,	prefent feflion of parliament.

Contributors XXIX. And be it further enabled by the authority afore faid, names, &c. to That in the office of the accomptant general of the governor be entered in ancj company of the bank of England for the time being, a book the accompt- or bo°ks toaill be provided and kept, in which the names of the ant general of contributors shall be fairly entered; which book or books the the bank. faid refpedive contributors, their refpedive executors, admini-ftrators, and affigns, shall and ipay, from time to time, and at all (eafonable times, refort to and infped, without any fee or Duplicate charge ; and that the faid accomptant general (hall, on or before thereof to be the fifth day of July, one thousand feven hundred and sixty one, imotheau- tran^m‘t an attefted duplicate fairly written on paper of the faid ditor’s office. book or books, into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, there to remain for ever.

XXX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, «ifmm bn*the ^hat ^ucb contributors duly paying the whole fum fubferibed, dutief o/this at or before therefpedive times in this ad limited in that behalf, a&appropri- and their refpedive executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, shall ated topay- have, receive, and enjoy, and be entitled, by virtue of this ad, ment of the t0 fiave> receive, and enjoy, the faid several annuities by this mnnui es. a(c^ granted, in refped of the fum fo fubferibed out of the monies appropriated by this ad for payment thereof, and shall have good and fure interefts and eftates therein, according to the several provifions in this ad contained ; and that the (aid annuities shall be free from all taxes, charges and impofitions whatfoever.

Contributors XXXI. Provided always. That in cafe any fuch contributors not making who have already depofited with, or shall hereafter pay to, the gr>dt|inr tbe ^ caihiers, any fum or fums of money at the times, and within the *n tbe manner before-mentioned, in part of the fum fo by them times limited, refpedively fubferibed, or their refpedive Executors, adminiftra-to forfeit ttieir tors, and affigns, shall not advance and pay to the faid ca(hier depotits. or caffi,*erS) the refidue of the fums fo fubferibed, at the times, and in the manner before-mentioned; then, and in every fuch cale, fo much of the refpedive fums fo fubferibed as shall have been adually paid in part thereof, to the (aid cafliier or caihiers, (ball be forfeited for the benefit of the publick; anything in this ad contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwith-ftanding.

Accomptant XXXII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, 8fvccredT for That	accomptant general for the bank of England, for

thchurnsnatn-tbc t,me being, (hall, in a book or books to be provided and ed in the cer- kept for that purpofe, give credit on or before the firft day of tificates j July next, to the faici refpedive contributors, and their refpec-tive executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, for the principal Aims by them refpedively fubferibed and paid, and the faid additional capital of five pounds per centum by this ad allowed

ther e-



1759-1 Anno tricesimo secundo GeorGH H. c. io.'	417

thereon; and the persons to whofe credit fuch principal fums’ with the faid additional capital shall be fo placed) their refpec-tive executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, shall and may have which may be power to affign and transfer the fame, or any part, (hare, or transferred, proportion thereof, to any other person or persons, or body or bodies politick or corporate whatfoever, in other books to be provided and kept by the faid accomptant general for that purpofe; and every principal fum fo affigned and transferred, and carry shall carry an annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum per ant. in-per annum, and shall be taken and deemed to be (lock trans- tereft. ferrable according to the true intent and meaning of this ad, until redemption thereof by parliament, according to a provifo herein after contained for that purpofe.

‘ XXXIII. And whereas it is intended that every contributor of the sum of one hundred pounds, towards raiftng the fetid fum of fix millions fix hundred thousand pounds, Jball have, and be intitled unto, an additional capital of ten pounds in a lottery ticket; which tickets are to be prepared, and a lottery to be drawny in manner herein after mentioned; be it therefore further enadted by the authority Manager*and aforefaid, That fuch persons as the commissioners of his Ma-	ofto

a’s treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the ^ appointed treafurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the by the trea- ‘ treasury for the time being, shall nominate or appoint, shall be fury* managers and dire&ors for preparing and delivering out tickets, and to overfee the drawing of lots, and to order, do, and perform, fuch other matters and things as are hereafter in and by this ad direded and appointed by fuch managers and diredors to be done and performed; and that fuch managers Or diredors lhall meet together from time to time, at fume publick office or place for the execution of the powers and trufts in them re-pofed by this ad 5 and that the laid managers or diredors, or Method of fo many of them as shall be present at any luch meeting, or the major part of them, shall caufc books to be prepared, in which every leaf shall be divided or di(Hngui(hed into three columns, and upon the innermoft of the faid three columns there shall be printed sixty fix thousand tickets, to be numbered one, 'two, three, and fo onwards, in an arithmetical progreffion, where the common excefs is to be one, until they rife to and for the number of sixty fix thousand ; and upon the middle column in every of the faid books shall be printed sixty fix thousand tickets of the fame breadth and form, and numbered in like manner; and in the extreme column of the faid books there shall be printed a third rank or (erics of tickets, of the lame number with thofe of the other two columns; which tickets lhall feverally be of an oblong figure, and in the faid books shall be joined with oblique lines, flotirilhes, or devices, in fuch manner as the faid managers and directors, or the major part of them, shall think mod fafe and convenient; and that every ticket in the third or extreme column of the faid books shall have written or printed thereupon (befides the number of fuch ticket, and the present year of our Lord Chrift) words to this effect:

V0L.XXII.	£	e	THIS

 

>.8

Anno triqefimo fecund© GeorgjI U. C. io> tL759*

THIS ticket will intitle bearer thereof to fix , or to a better (bonce, in a joint flock of	, after the rate of

*	.	three pounds per centum per annum,	at tbo bank of

England.

Managers to XXXIV. And it is hereby enaded, That the (aid managers examine the and dire&ors, or fo many of them as shall be present at fuck £°?k* of meeting, or the major part of them then prdent, shall carefully deliver them examine all the feid bpoks, with the tickets therein j and take to the reseiv- care that the fame be contrived, numbered, and made, acoord-ers;	ing to the true intent and meaning of this ad } and shall deliver

or caufe to be delivered the lame books, and every or anjt of them, as they shall be examined, to the faid calhier or calhiers, taking from fuch calhier or calhiers an acknowledgement'in taking re-	writing, under hjs or their hands, importing his or their receipt I

them! °r	of fuch book or books, and fo many tickets therein, aa shall be

delivered to him or them refpoflively; and all and every fuch ououtn d ca^'er w	refpedtively	i is and are hereby directed and

deli w ticket* required, upon hispr their receiving the full confideratioa-mo-to the contri- ney to be contributed on this a£t, from any person or peridot tutors, . contributing, as aforefajd, to, cut out of the laid book or books, fo to be put into his or their cuftody, through the (aid oblique lines, flourilhes, or devices,' indentwife, one of the tickets in the (aid extreme columnswhich the laid calhier or calhien lhaH fign with his or their own name or names, and he or they shall permit the contributor, if it bedelired, to write his or her 1 name or mark on the correfponding ticket in the fame book i and at the fame time the faid calhier or calhiers shall deliver to the faid contributor the ticket fo cut off, which he, (he, or they, are to keep and ufe for the better afeertaining and focuring of the irttereft which be, (he, or they, his, her, or their executors,. ad-mini ftra tors, or afligns, shall or may have in the (aid fund. Receivers to XXXV. And be itfurther enadled by the authority aforefaid, return the ^That the faid calhier or calhiers, on or before the firft day of remainder of November, one thouland feven hundred and fifty nine, shall re-tbe tickets, deliver to the faid managers and directors, at their faid office ct place of meeting, all the (aid books, and therein all the tickets which the faid calhier or calhiers shall not have cutout and delivered to the contributors as aforelaid ; and that the faid managers and directors, or the major part of them, which (haU be present at a meeting, as aforefaid, shall forthwith caufe all the tickets of the faid outermoft columns, which shall not have been delivered to the contributors as aforefaid, if any fuch be, to be delivered into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, there to be retained and kept, and to. be difpofed of, as the comanftioners of his Majesty’s treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, shall judge reafpnabie and fitting.

Tickets of the' XXXVI. And be it further enabled. That the faid maotgen middle co- an<j directors, or the major part of them, which ihall be present 'tolled up and at a meeting as pforefaid, shall caufe all the ticket^ of themiddk

_	columns



1759*] AiyiO'.triccfifno secundo Oeorgii II. p. icr.

columns in the books, made Out with tbreqcolymns, as afore- fattened with faid, which shall be delivered back to them, by or from thefllk» faid cafhier or calhiejrs as aforefaid, to be carefully rolled up and made fad with thread or filk; and the faid managers or direct tors, or the major part of them as aforefaid, (hall, in their pre- ?nd nit ofF fence, and in the prefence of fuch contributors or adventurers as •“^'abox will be there, caule all the faid tickets, which are to be fo rolled marked°with up, and made faft as aforefaid, to be cut off indentwife through the letter (A) the laid oblique lines, flourilhes, or devices, into a box, to be prepared for that purpofe, and to be marked with the letter (A) which is prefently to be put up into another ftrong box, and to be locked with feven different locks and keys, to be kept by as Box to be many of the faid managers, and fealed with their feals, or the UP *** feals of fome of them, until the faid tickets are to be drawn, asIcac * is herein after mentioned; and that the tickets in the firft or innermoft columns of the faid bopks, shall remain dill in the books for difeovering any miftake or fraud (if any fuch should happen to be committee!) contrary to the true meaning pf this

B!&.	. '

XXXVII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the faid managers and dire&ors, or the major part of Book* to be them, which shall be prelent at any meeting as aforefaid, shall ^^coiumns alfo prepare, or caufe to be prepared, other books, in which on cach 0f * every leaf shall be divided or diftinguifhed into two columns; which 60,00> and upon the innermoft of thofe two columns there shall be tickets to be printed sixty fix thgufand tickets, and upon the outermoft of the PrilUC<h faid two columns there shall be printed sixty fix thousand tickets, all which shall be of equal length and breadth, as near as may be; which two columns in live faid books shall be joined with fome floorifh or device, through which the outermoft tickets may be cut off indentwife; and that nine thousand three hundred and forty tickets, part of thofe to be contained in the outermoft Columns of the books laft mentioned, shall be, and be called the fortunate tickets, to which extraordinary benefits (hail belong, as is herein after mentioned'; and the faid managers and dire&ors, or the major part of them, or fuch of them as shall be present at a meeting as afore&id, shall caufe the faid fortunate tickets to be written upon, or otherwife expreffed, as well in figures as in words at length, in manner following; that is to fay. Upon two of them leverally, twenty thousand pounds number principal money; upon two of fhem feverally, five thousand formate pounds principal money; upon two of them feverally, three tickets, thousand pounds principal money; upon two of them feverally, two thousand pounds principal money; upon every one of twenty five of them feverally, one thousand pounds principal money; upon every one of thirty of them feverally, five hundred pounds principal money; upon every one of one hundred and fifty of them feverally, one hundred pounds principal money; upon every one of feven hundred of them feverally, fifty pounds principal money; upon every one of eight thousand four hundred and twenty feven of them feverally, twenty pounds principal

E e 2	money;





4 i'o

nl to the drawn

tied,

and eut out Indentwife, into a box marked with the letter (£)

Box to be locked i lealed.

Anno tricesimo (ecundo Georgii II.	tr759-

money: which principal funis, fo to be written, ot^bfeher-wife exprefled upon the faid fbrtunatfe tickets, together with five hundred pounds principal money; to1 be aHowiif ,jtb the owner of the nrft drawn ticket, a Ad onethouTand pdtnfds^prin-^tothc money, to the owner of the lift drawn ‘ticket', xyifet ;and lall drawn, above the benefits which may happen to belong \o the two lift mentioned tickets; and together with the sum of*foc-pomids to be paid or allowed for and Upon each blank or unfortbriart ticket of the faid lottery, will amount in the whole td the Tprin-cipal fum of fix hundred and sixty thousand pounds * tbbe toft-wtomoit ****<vcru^ *nto annuities by virtue of this a<ft, in refpedt df the (aid columns to be lottery; and the faid managers and directors, or the mijd* part rolled up and of them, who shall be present at a meeting as afoteTald,"fnafl caufe all the (aid tickets, contained in the outermoft columns of the faid laft mentioned books, to be, in the prefimeb' of the faid managers and directors, or the major part of them, which lhall be present at a meeting as aforefaid, and in the prefcnee of fuch contributors or adventurers as will then be there, to be carefully rolled up and faftened with thread or (ilk, and carefully cut out indent wife through the faidflourilh of device, hub another box, to be prepared for this purpofe, and to marked with the letter (B) which box shall be put into another ftrbnj box, and locked up with feven different locks and keys, to be tilled*UP and *ccPt ty many or the faid managers, and fealed up with thrir ac * feals, or the feals of feme of them, until thefe ticket* ftiallaHo be drawn in the manner and form herein after Mentioned; and that the whole bufinefs of rolling up, and cutting off, and putting into the faid boxes the faid tickets, and locking up and dealing the faid boxes, shall be performed by the (aid managers and directors, or fuch of them as aforefifid, before the laft fix days immediately preceding the day by this a<ft appointed for the drawing the (aid lottery; and to the end fevery perfbn concerned maybe well allured that tfite counterpart of tne fame number with his or her ticket is put into the box, marked^vith the letter (A) from whence the fame toay be drawn, and that other matters are done as hereby directed, Come publick notification in print shall be given of the precife time or times of putting the faid tickets info the (aid boxes, to the end that fuch adventurers, as shall be' minded to fee the fame done, may be present at the doing thereof.

Lottery to be- XXX VflI. And be it further enafted by the authority afiwe-gin drawing faid, That on or before the thirteenth day of November^ bne on 13 Nov. thousand feven hundred and fifty nine, the faid managers and *759*	directors shall caufe the faid several boxes, with all the tickets

therein, to be brought into the guildhall of the city Of Lmdtn% fo that the fame may be there, and placed on a table provided for that purpofc,* by nine of the clock in the forenoon of the Method to be fame day, and shall then and there feverally attend this fervice, -obferyed in and caufe the two boxes containing the faia tickets, to be feve-drawing, &c. ra!ly taker* out of the other two boxes, in which they shall have been locked pp 5 and tifkCt* 'cY'lots in the rtfpedtive ihwer-

meft

Publick notice to be given of times of putting the tickets into the boxes.



421

175^.3 Anno triccfimo secundo Georgji II. c. 10.

mod boxes being* in the prefence of the faid managers and dir rctftors, or fuch of them.as shall be then prefent, and of fuch, adventurers at will be there for the fatisfadfion of themfelves* well fhajken and mingled in each box diftindlly; fome one indifferent and fit perfon, to be appointed and directed by the laid managers, or the major part of* them, or fuch of them as fhail be then prefent, shall take out and draw one ticket from the box where the find numbered tickets shall be as aforefaid put; and oncother indifferent and fit perfon, to be appointed and directed in like manner, shall take out a ticket or lot from the box where the faid nine thousand three hundred and forty fortunate, and fifty fix thousand fix hundred and sixty blank tickets shall be promifeuoufiy put as aforefaid; and immediately both the tickets fo drawn shall be opened, and the number, as well of the fortunate as the blank ticket, shall be named aloud ; and it the ticket taken or drawn from the box containing the fortunate and blank lots shall appear to be a blank, then the numbered ticket fo drawn with the (aid blank at the fame time drawn, shall both be put upon one file; and if the ticket (o drawn or taken from the box containing the fortunate and blank \otsf shall appear to, be one of the fortunate tickets, then the principal fum written upon fuch fortunate ticket, whatfoever it be, shall be entered by a clerk, which the faid managers, or the major part of them as aforefaid, shall employ and overfee for tbis purpofe, into a book to be kept for entering the numbers coming up with the faid fortunate tickets, and the principal fums whereunto they shall .be imitled refpedlively, and two of the faid managers shall let their names as witnefles to fuch entries; and the laid fortunate and numbered tickets fo drawn together, shall be put upon another file; and fo the faid drawing of the tickets shall continue, by taking one ticket at a time out of each box, and with opening, naming aloud, and filing the fame, and by entering the fortunate lots in fuch method as is before mentioned, until the whole number of nine thousand three hundred and forty fortunate tickets, and one more for the lad drawn as aforefaid, shall be compleatly drawn; and as the fame cannot be After each performed in one day’s time, the laid managers or dire&ors shall Hay’s drawing, caufe the boxes to be locked up and fealed in manner as afore-	10

faid, and adjourn till the next day, and fo from day to day, and ^d fcaled!^ every day /except Sundays, Chri/lmas day, and fall days) and then open the ismet and proceed as above, till the faid whole number q( nip? thousand three hundred and forty fortunate tickets, opd one more, shall be compleatly drawn as aforefaid; and afterwards the faid numbered tickets fo drawn, with the fortunate tickets drawn againft the fame, shall be and remain in a ftrong box locked up as aforefaid, and under the cuftody of the faid managers, until they shall take them out to examine, adjuft, and fettle the property thereof.

XXXIX. And, to the end the fortunate may know, whether abfent or prefent, to what degree they have been fo j be it en-a$ed| That 3s fqon 3s the drawing is over, the faid managers Numbers of

E C 3	are	fortunate

 

422

tickets, and the Turns, to be printed.

Difputes relating thereto, to be adjufted by the managers.

Penalty of forging tickets or certificates.

Felony.

Managers to be fworn.

Anno tricesimo fecuildo GEdftGii II. c. iO. tf 759.

are hereby required, as foon as conveniently may be, tcTbaufe to be primed and publifhed the number of the tickets drawn againft e?ch fortunate ticket, and the principal rum written on the fame ; and if any contention or difpute JhaH arife in the adjuft-ing the property of the faid fortunate tickets, the major prart of the faid managers, agreeing therein, shall determine to whom it doth or ought to belong: and if any person or persons (hal! forge or counterfeit any ticket or tickets, certificate or certificates, to be made forth by this aft, or made forth, or to be made forth, upon any former lottery aft, or alter any the numbers thereof, or utter, vend, barter, or difpofe of,( or offef to difpofe of. any falfe, altered, forged, or counterfeit ticket or tickets, cerwficate or certificates, or shall bring any forged or counterfeit ticket or certificate, or any ticket or certificate the number whereof is altered (knowing the fame to be fuch) to the faid managers, or any of tnem, or to the cafliier or accomptaht general of the bank of England for the time being, or to any other person or persons whatfoever, to the intent to defraud his Majesty, or any Contributor or adventurer, or the executors, adminiftr^tors, and afligns, of any contributor or adventurer upon this aft; that thpn every fuch perforl or persons, being thereof convifted in due form of law. shall be adjudged a felon, and shall fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy: and the (aid managers or direftors, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorized, required, and impowered, to caufe any person or persons bringing or uttering fuch forged or counterfeit ticket or tickets, certificate or certificates as aforefaid, to be apprehended, and to commit him, her, or them, to his Majesty’s gaol of Newgate* or to the common gaol of the county or place where fuch person or persons shall be fo apprehended, to be proceeded againft for the faid felony according to Jaw.

XL. Provided always, and it is hereby enafted by the authority aforefaid, That every person that shall be appointed as aforefaid to be a manager and direftor for putting this aft in execution, before his afting in fuch commlflion, shall take the oath following * that is to lay,

The oath. | A,B .do fweat, That I will faithfully execute the truft repefei J. in me j and that 1 will not ufi any indirect art or means, or permit or dire ft any person to ufe any indireft art or means} to obtain a prize or fortunate lot, for myfelf or any other person whatfoever \ and that I will do the utmojl of my endeavour to prevent any undue or Jinijler praftice to be done by any person whatfoever \ and that I will* to the bejl of my Judgment, declare to whom any prize y hty or tickety of right does belongs according to the true intcrit and meaning of the aft of parliament made in the thirty second year of bis Majesty s reign in that behalf

Which faid oath shall and may be adminiftered by any two or more of the other managers and direftors.

XLI. PrO-



1759*1 Anno tiicdfifno fccundo Georgii II. c. 10.	423

XLL Provided alfb, and it is hereby enadted by the authority Manager,&c* aforefaid. That out of the monies to arifc by and out of any of theto ** P*** bY ftipphcs granted in this feflion of parliament, it shall and ihay ^nenoTtbe be lawful to and for any three or more of the commiffioner* of treasury out the treasury, or the high treafurcr for the time being, t6 reward of the lottery the faid managers and directors, and the Clerks ind officers *6 nioney. be employed by and under them, and any other officers and persons that shall and may be any ways employed in this affaif, for theirlabour and pains, and to difcharge fuch incident expenses as (hail neceflarily attend the execution of this adt, in fuCh man* ner as any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury, or the High treafurcr for the time being, QiaH, from time to time, think fit and reafonable in that behalf$ any thing in this contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

. XLII. And be it further enabled by the authority kforefaid. Limitation .That no perion or persons shall fell the chance or chances of any ticket or tickets in the faid lottery, or any (hare or (hares of c anccs> &c# any ticket or tickets in the faid lottery, for a day, or part of a >day, or for a longer time lefs than the whole time of drawing the lottery then to come; or shall receive any money whatfe-^verin confideration of the repayment of any fum or fums of money, in cafe any ticket or tickets in the faid lottery fhaH prove fortunate j or shall lay any wager relating to the drawing of any ticket or tickets in the faid lottery, either as to the time of fuch ticket or tickets being drawn, or whether fuch ticket or tickets be drawn fortunate or unfortunate; and all and every Penajty# person and persons who shall offend in any Of the aforefaid mat* ters, shall forfeit and pay treble the fum and fums of money which shall have been received by fuch person and persons, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this adt; to be recovered byadtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at fVeJtminfler; in which no efloin, prote&ion, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed ; one moiety whereof to be for the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs, or fucceflors, and the other moiety to be paid to the person or persons who shall foe for the lame ; and «very fuch fale, wager, or contract, and every agreement re- • lating thereto, shall be, and is hereby declared null and void.

XLIII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, persons felling That if any person or persons shall keep any office or offices, dr (hares in tick-(hall print or publiih any fcheme or propolal, for receiving any et8 uf which fum or fums of money in confideration of any interest to be theJUj-rj not granted for the fame, in any ticket or tickers in the faid lottery, c * whereof fuch person or persons shall not then be adtually pof-fefled, or in confideration of any fum or fums of money to be repaid in cafe any ticket, or number of tickets, in the faid lottery, which shall not be in the adtual pofleffion of fuch person or persons, shall prove fortunate or unfortunarc; all and every f . fuch person and persons shall forfeit and pay the sum of five hun-t0 or Clt 500' dred pounds; to be recovered by adlion of debt, bill, plaint, or	■*

information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at fPe/l-

E e 4	*	minjlcr	\



424

Offences committed in Ireland againft a&s for preventing un-lawful lotteries, declared to be punifli-able,

and may be fued for in Dublin.

After the drawing of the lottery, the tickets to be exchanged for certificates*

Managers to

Sve notice of e time for

Anno tr'cafimo fecondo GXD&on U. c. id. [ 1759

minjltr ;ia which ao effoin, protection, or wagtt of law* or more than on* imparlance, shall be allowed} one moiety whereof to be .for the ufc of his Majefiv, bis heirs, or fuecnjocs, and the other moiety to be paid to toe person or perfon* who jfhall fue for the lame; and alfo shall Huffier three months imprifao-ment without bail or mainprise.	-

XLIV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforedaid. That if any offence againft any of the a&sof parliament made in this kingdom* for. preventing private and unlawful lotteries, lhallbe committed in Ireland, the offender shall incur the lake penalty and pi}r\i(hment, to be inflided in like manner as if the offence was committed in this kingdom* and that fitch penalties as, by any of the faid ads, are direded to be recovered in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at IVtflmnjltr, (hall,

' in Cafe of offences committed again(f any qf the fakl .ads in Ireland, be recovered in any of bis Majefiy’s courts -of record in Dublin. . :

XLV. And to. the end that all and every the payments, as . well upon the fortunate as upon the. unfortunate tickets, may be more eafily afeertained, fettled, and adjulted, for the potions who lhall be and become intitled thereunto; be it further«a-aded by the authority afbrefaid. That as foon as conveniently may be after the drawing of the faid lottery shall be completed and ended, all and every the faid tickets, to be givenout as afbrefaid, shall be exchanged for certificates to be figned by fuch of the faid managers as shall be appointed for that purpote.. .

XLVI. And be it further enaded, That fuch of the/aid managers, as any three or more of the cpmmiffioncrs of the trea-

t*k *,mSi the -fury» or l^e treaf“rer f°r the time being* (ball. appoint to ticked, and	in	rtie	faid tickets, and deliver out the faid certificates for

delivering out and in lieu thereof, shall give timely notice, by adyertifement tin-

the ccrti cates. Sec*

to be printed at\d publiftied in manner as they shall think fit, of the days and times for taking in the laid tickets, and delivering out the faid certificates, fqr and ip lieu of the fame j and every perfon’? certificate shall be numbered in courfe, according to their bringing their ticket? to the managers fo to be appointed for exchanging the fame $ to which purppfe, fuch managers shall enter, or caufe to be eptered, iqtQ a bpok or books to be by tering perrons them kept for that purpofe, the name of every person who shall names, bring any ticket or tickets to be exchanged for fuch certificate or certificates, and the number or numbers of the ticket or tickets which shall be fo brought by fuch pertbn or persons, the value ip principal money payable thereupon, and the day of the month, and the year of oqr Lord, when the fame was. fo brought, which book and books shall lie open in the office to be appointed for taking in the faid tickets to be exchanged for fqch certificates, for all persons concerned tq perufe j all which certificates shall be figned by the managers fo to be appointed, or the major part of them, and be duelled to the accomptam general of the bank of England for the time being.

XLVII. And be it further enadled I7 the autlmrity xforefaid,

Th?f

Books to be kept for en-

and the number of their tickets, kc.

Certificates to be figned, See*

 

*759*1 Anna tricesimo focundo GfioRGti II. c. 10.	42$

That the faid accomptant general of the bank of England for the time being, to whom the laid certificates are to be direded as aforefaid, (hall, upon receiving and taking in the faid certificates, or any of them, give credit to the persons named therein, in a Accountant book or books to be by him provided and kept for that purpofe,	f

for the principal fums contained in every fuch certificate; and f^principaT the persons to whofe credit fuch principal fums shall be entered fumi in the in the (aid book or books, his, her, or their executors, and ad- certificates, tniniftrators, shall and may have power to aflign or tranfer the Affigjwents fame, or any part, (hare, or proportion thereof, to any other JJYbe ^ c person or persons, bodies politick or corporate whatfoever, it> fums, &c. other/books to be prepared and kept by the faid accomptant general for that purpofe; and the principal fums fo affigned or transferred, shall carry the faid annuity of three pounds per centum per annum, and shall be taken and deemed to be dock transferable by this ad, according to the powers and authorities herein after mentioned, until the redemption thereof as afore-laid; and the faid accomptant general of the bank of England Certificates tf for the time being, is hereby authorized and direded to cancel ** fi,cd *nd1 and file the certificates, as they shall from time to time be re- to ceived and taken in by him, and to give the persons bringing gjvcn in lieu in the fame a note tinder his hand, teftifying the principal money thereof, for which they shall have credit in the (aid book or books, by xealbn or means of the certificates fo received, taken in, and Cancelled as aforefaid, and of the annuities attending the fame.1

XLVIII. And for the more eafy and fure payment of the chief cv transferrakle annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum ftier, and ac*

7r annum; be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, comoeant ge.

bat the faid governor and company of the bank of England, ner*\» to ** and their fuccefiors, (hall, from time to time, until the (aid an-

Euittes, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, shall paying the * e redeemed as aforefaid, appoint and employ one or more fu£» annuities. ficifPt person or persons within their office in the city of Lon-don, tp )>e their chief or firft calhier or cafhiers, and one other fulneient person within the fame office, to be their accomptant general; and that fo much of the monies from time to time arif- Treafury t0 ing into the faid receipt of exchequer, from the faid fubfidies, money rates, and duties, by this ad granted and appropriated, as shall for that pur-be fufficicnt from time to time for payment of the faid annuities, P?re to t!ic after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, (hall, by or- (aid ca^leri der of the commiflioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, without any further or other warrant, to be fued for, had, and obtained, in that behalf, from time to time, at the refpedive half-yearly days of payment in this ad appointed for payment thereof, be iflued and paid at the faid receipt of exchequer, tp the faid firft or chief cafhier or cafhiers of the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their fucceffors, for the time being, by way of impreft, and upon account, for the payment of the faid annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per an*

WMy at fuch times, and in fuch manner and form, as arc by thi$

aft





4*0

who is to account for the fame*

Aecomptant

cafhier. Annuities deemed a per Tonal eft ate, &c.

flock

Anno tricesimo secundo Gso&gii 1L c. io« £1^59,

a A prescribed in that behalf; and that fiich cafhior or caibien to whom the (aid money (hall, from time to time,- be iffoed, Thall, from time to tune, without delay, apply and pay the feast accordingly, and render hit or their account thereof, according to tfye due courfe of the exchequer.

XLIX. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, generalh^ CX* ^	aecomptant general for the time being ft* all, free

cciptVand pay- rime to rime, “lfped an^ examine all receipt* and payments of ments of the the faid cafhier or cafhiers* and the voucher* relating thereto, is order to prevent any fraud, negligence, or deity 5 and chart a£ persons who (hail be intstled to any of the faid annuities, ate the rate of three pounds per centum per&enum, and *11 perfoes lawfully chiming under them, shall be poflefled thereof as-or' a perional eftate, which shall not be defcendible to heirs, nor Cable to any foreign attachment by the cuftom of Lornim* or o-tbefwife; any law, ftatirte; or cuftom, to the contrary notwkfc-•ftanding.	...

Annuities L. And be it further enured by the authority afotefaid. That deemed a jokit all the monies to be advanced or contributed by virtue of this a& towards the fed fum of fix million* (lx hundred thoufenf pounds, on which the faid annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, shall be attending, shall be deemed pne capital and joint ftock; and that all perfans and corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the monies by^bem federally advanced for the purchafe of the faid annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, or to which they (hail become inritlcd by virtue of this a&, shall have, and be deemed to have, a proportional interest and (hare in the faid ftock, and in .the faid annuities attending the fame, at the rate afcre-faid ; and that the faid whole Capital or joint ftock, or any-(hare on* interest therein, shall be aflignable and transferable as this ad dire&s, and not otherwifei

. LI. Provided also, and it is hereby ena&ed by the authorin’ aforefaid, That at anytime upon fix months notice to be printed in the London Gazette,2nd fixed upon the Royal Exchange in Lends*, and upon repayment by parliament ofthefaidfeimoffixcmliionsfir hundred thousand pounds, or any part thereof, by payments not lefs than five hundred thousand pounds at onetime,infucb manner as shall be dire&ed by any future a€t or ads of parliament in that behalf, and alfo upon full payment of all arrearages of the faid annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum; then, and not till then, fiich and io much of the faid annuities as shall be attending on the principal fums fo paid off, shall ceafe and determine, and be underftood to be redeemed; and that any vote or refolution of the houfe of commons, (Igni-lied by the fpeaker in writing, to be inferted in the London Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange in London as aforefaid, shall be deemed and adjudged to be fufficient notice within the words and meaning of this a<ft.

LII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid,

TlW

and made transferable

Claufe of redemption.



Anno tricelimo secundo GeoUgii II. c. 10.	427

•That books shall be conftantly kept by the faid accomptant ge* Transfer

ncral for the time being, wherein all alignments or transfers of books to be

the faid aritiuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per kcPt bythe

annum, shall at all feafonable times, be entered and registered *

which entry shall be conceived in proper Words for that purpofe* Method of

and (hat! be figned by the parties making fuch alignments or transferring

transfers; or if fuch parties be abfent, by their refpeftive attor* ftock.

nies thereunto lawfully authorized in writing under their hands

and feals, to be attefted by two or more credible witneflfes ; and

that the several persons to whom fuch transfers shall be made,

fhall refpeftively underwrite their acceptance thereof; and that

no other method of afllgning and transferring the faid annuities,

or any part thereof, or any interest therein, shall be good or	*

available in law.

LIII. Provided always. That all persons poflefled of any (hart Annuities dein the faid joint flock of annuities, or eflate and interest therein* ™JjjaWe br may devife the fame by will in writing, attefted by two or more Wl * credible wltneffes 5 but that no payment shall be made upon any Entry to be fuch devife, till'lb much of the faid will as relates to any (hare, made of fuch inflate, or intereft, in the faid joint flock of annuities, be entered in the in the faid office * and that in default of fuch transfer or devife, ’ fuch (hare, e(tete,or intereft, in the faid joint ftock of annuities, shall go to the executors or admiriiftrators j and that no ftamp Transfer nor duties whatfoever shall be charged on any of the faid transfers* liable to itamp any law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.	duties.

LIV. Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority Treafuiy to Ufbreftid,That out of the monies arifing from the contributions pay all mci-towdrds railing the faid fum of fix millions fix hundred thousand dcnt charges pounds, any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury* execution of' or the high treasurer for the time being, shall have power to this aft * # difcharge all foch incident charges as shall neceflhrily attend the execution of this a (ft, in fuch manner as to them shall feem juft and reafonable; and alfo to fettle and appoint fuch allowances as shall be thought proper, for the fervice, pains, and labour, of Ihefaid cafhier or calhiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the faid contributions 5 and alfo shall have power to make and to make •out of the fund hereby eftablifhed, or out of the (Inking fond, *0 theTaOiier fuch further allowances as shall be judged reafonable, tor the a°d accompt-* fervice, pains, and labour of the feid cafhier or cafhicrs, for re- ant general i teiving, paying, and accounting for the faid annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, payable by virtue of this aft ; and alfo for the fervice, pains, and labour of the bid UCcomptaht general, for performing the truft repefed in him by this aft; all which allowances to be made a6 aforefeid in rt- ^ t>e at the fpeft to the fervice, pains, and labour of any officer or officers of difpofal ot the the faid governor and company, shall be for the ufe and bene- governor and fit of the feid governor and company, and at their difpofal ^e^ik °* only.	3	™

LV. Provided always, and be it further enafted by the au- Bank to con-thority aforefaid. That the faid governor and company of the tinueacurpo-bank of England, and their fucceflbrs, notwithstanding the re-

demp- icdtemeJ,5cc.





No fee for payment of contribution money.

Penalty.

Deficiencie*of the exchequer, &c. bow to be made good.

. Anno tricesimo fee undo Georgii II. c. 10.	[*759

demption of all or any of their own funds, ia purfuanceof the acts for eftablilhing the fame, or any of them, shall continue a corporation till all the faid annuities, after the rare of three pounds per etntum per annum, by this act granted, shall be re* deemed by parliament, according to the provifo herein before contained in that behalf; and elm the faid governor and ccm* pany of the bank of Englandy or any member thereof, shall not incur any difability for or by reafon of their doing any matter or thing in purfoance of this *&,

LVI. And be it further enaded, That no fee, reward, or gratuity whatfoever, shall be demanded or taken of any of fail Majesty’s fubje<Sts, for receiving or paying the faid contribution monies, or any of them, or for paying the faid feverai annuities, or any of them, or for any transfer of any fum great or fmall, to be inade In piirfuance ot this ad, upon pain that any offender or person offending, by talcing or demanding any fuch fee, re* ward, or gratuity, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds to the party aggrieved, with foil cods of fuit; and that all receipts and mues, and all other things dire&ed by this a<5t to be performed in the exchequer, shall be done or performed by the officer there, without demanding or receiving, dire&ly or indiredly, any fee, reward, or gratuity for the fame $ and in cafe the officers of the exchequer shall take or demand any fuch fee or reward, or shall mifapply or divert any of the monies to be paid into the exchequer upon this act, or shall pay or iffuc out of the fame, otherwife than according to the true intent of this adt, or shall not keep foch books, regifters, or make entries, and ds and perform all things which by this a& they are directed and required to do and perform, every fuch offender shall forfeit his place, and be for ever after incapable of any office or place of trull whatfoever, and shall anfwer and pay treble eofts of fuk to any contributor or person claiming under him that will (be for the (jirae, to be recovered by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at ftfeflmx~ flery wherein nq efloin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, injunction, or order of reftraint, or any more than one imparlance shall be granted or allowed; and in the (aid ion the plaintiff, upon recovery, shall have full coils of fuit ^onothifd of which fum shall be paid into the bid receipt of exchequer, for the benefit of hrs Majesty, his heirs, and fucceftbrs, wad the o-ther two thirds shall be to and for the ufe of the profccutor.

LVII. And it is hereby enacted by the authority afaccfirid, That if at any time or times it shall happen that the produce of the faid feverai fubfidies, rates, and duties, hereby granted, for payment of the faid feverai annuities, shall not be fufficient to pay and difeharee the feverai and refpe&ive annuities and other charges directed to be paid thereout, at the end if *ny tst titter of the refpe&ivc half-yearly daysof payment, at which the 4a me are hereby directed to be paid, then, and fo often, and in every fuch cafe, fuch deficiency or deficiencies shall and may b6 fop-plied out of *ny of the monies which at any time orpines (hall



42*

*759'] Anno trkeflmo (ccundo Gborgii H. c. ri.

be or remain in the receipt of the, exchequer, of the furpluflcs, exceffes, overplus monies, and other revenues, compofing the fund commonly called The finking fund (except fuch monies of the faid finking fond as are appropriated to any particular ufe or ufcs, by any former a<$t or a&s 6f parliament in that behalf) and fiicn monies of the faid (inking fund, shall and may be, from time to time, iflued and applied accordingly $ and if at any time or times, before any monies of the several fubfidies, rates* and duties hereby granted shall be brought into the exchequer at afbrefaid, there shall happen to be a want of money for paying the several annuities as aforefaid, which shall be actually incurred and grown due at any of the half-yearly days of pay* ments before-mentioned, that then, and in every fuch cafe, the money fo wanted shall and may be fupplied out of the moAiea of the finking fund (except as before excepted) and be iflued ac+ cordingly.

LVHL Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority Sinking fund afbrefaid. That whatever monies shall be iflued out of*he (ink- to be replaced, ing fund* (hall, from time to time be replaced, by and out of thefirft fupplies to be then after granted in parliament.

LIX. Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority Surplus mo-aforefaid. That in cafe there shall beany furplusor remainder t^ophed.0 of the monies arifing by the faid several fubfidies, rates* and duties, after the faid several and refpeAive annuities, and ail arrears thereof, arc fatisfied, or money Efficient shall be referved for that purpofe, fuch overplus or remainder (hall, from time to time, he referved for the difpofition of parliament, and fhalj not be iflued but by the authority of parliament, and as be dire&ed by future or a&s of parliament, arty thing in any former or other adt or adls of parliament to the contrary not-withfianding.

LX. And it is hereby enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That if any pterion or perfbns (hall, at any time or times, be (bed of profecuted for any thing by him or them done pr axe* cuted iiv purfuance of this adf, or of any matter or thing in this adt contained, fuch person or persons shall and may {Head the genera! iflue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence for his _	.

or their defence: and if, upon trial, a verdidl shall pafs for the fjCllcra u * defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonfuited, then foch defendant or defendants shall have treble cods to him or them awarded againft fuch plaintiff or Treble cofts* plaintiffs.	-

CAP. XI.

An ail to permit the free importation of cattle frm Ireland for a limited time.

AX^HEREAS tht permitting the free importation of cattle into prcami>jc< * ’ Great Britain from Ireland for,a limited Mate, may be of great advantage to both kingdoms; be it therefore^enafted by the King's moft excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the famei

That





43®

Free importation ot all forts of cattle from Ire* land, allowed for 5 years, from i May, 759 5

the lame to be duty free.

Limitation of attions.

General iflue.

Treble cofts.

Preamble.

Frre importation of tallow allowed tor 5 years, from 1 May, 1759-

Entry to be made thereof;

Aihk> tiicefimo fcpindo Gborgxi II* c* it.	f *759.

That from and after the firft day of May* 00c thousand feven hundred and fifty nine, the free importation of all forts of cattle into this kingdom from Ireland* lhall be, and is hereby permitted, allowed, and authorized, for and during the (pace of five years from the iaid firft day of May* or at any time thereafter before the end of the then next feflion of parliament; and that all persons shall be, and are hereby exempted, freed, and dif-charged, from the payment of all lubfidies, cuftams, rates, duties# or other impolitions, and alfo from all penalties, forfeitures, payments, and punilhments, for or upon account of importing or bringing cattle into this kingdom from Ireland* during the term aforefaid \ any a£fc or a<fts of parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

11. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That if auy aftion or fuit shall be commenced againft any person or persons for any thing done in purfuance of this a6t, the defendant or defendants in any fuch aftion or fuit, may plead the general iflue, and give this act, and the fpecial matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon ; and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this a£t *, and if it shall appear fo to have been done, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants, and if the plaintiff shall be nonfuited or difeontinue his action after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or if judgment shall be given upon any verdift or demurrer a*-gainft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble cods, and have the like remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes by law.

CAP. XII.

An a£i to difeontinue, for a limited time* the duties payable upon tallow imported from Ireland.

WHEREAS the allowing, for a limited time* the fra importation of tallow from Ireland, may tend to the eafe of the publick, and advantage oj the revenue* by reducing the price, and encouraging the confvmption of candles in this kingdom; be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by. the authority of the fame, That from and after the firft day of May* one thousand feven hundred and fifty nine, no fubfidy, cuftom, rate, duty, or other impofition whatfoever, shall be demanded, collected, received, or taken, upon any tallow un-manufa<5tured into candles or foap, which shall be imported into this kingdom from Ireland* but that ail fuch tallow shall and may be imported duty free for the fpace of five years, from the faid firft day ctf May, one thousand feven hundred and fifty nine, or at any time thereafter before the end of the then next feflion of parliament; any former law, ftatute, or adlor atfsof parliament, tp the contrary notwithftanding.

11. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That a due entry shall be made of all fuch tallow at the cuftom-houfe belonging to the port into which the fame

(hall

1



1759-1 Anna tricesimo secundo Gegrgii II. c. 13,14.	431

fhall be imported, in fuch manner and form, and expreiliog the

quantities of fuch tallow, ts. were tifed and pradfcfed before the

making of this suft ; and fuch tallow shall be landed in the pre- and the fa me

fence of the proper officer or officers of the customs appointed *° ** landed

for that purpafe \ and if any peribn or persons upon the tntpor*

tat ion of any tallow from Ireland, shall not obferve and perform

the find conditions andcfireclions herein before mentioned, everyPenalty.

fuch peribn shall be liable to, and pay fuch and the fame duties",

as. fuch tallow would have been liable to if this ad had not been

made; any thing in this a<S contained to the contrary aotwith*

{landing.	1

IIL And be it further enndled by the authority aforefeid, That L^m|tatjon 0f if any adton or fiiit shall be commenced againft any person or anions, perfons* for any thing done in purfuance of this a&, the defend* am tor defendants in any fuch action or fuit, may plead the gene* Genera* iftit. srat iffue, and give this ad, and the fpecial matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon; and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this ad; and if it shall appear fo to have been done, the jury fhalL find for the defendant nr defendants *, and if the plaintiff shall be nonfuited, or difeon-tinue his a&ion, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared ; or if judgment shall be given upon any verdidt or demurrer againft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants fh*U *md may recover tneble cofts* and have the like remedy for the Treble cods. Cameras any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes by law.

CAP. XIII.

fin a6t for draining and preferring certain fen lands and low grounds in , the patifhes of Somerfham, and Pidley with Fenton, and the parith of Colne, in the county of Huntingdon*

CAP. XIV.

An act for the more regular and eafy celkding, accounting for, andfayfag, of poftfines, whichjhall be due to the crown, or to grantees thereof under the crown j and for the eafe offheriffs in refpeft to the fame.

WH E R E A S great trouble and expense arife in the execution parable.

of tbc office ofJberiff, by the preftnt method of collecting, ac~ counting for, and paying, of poft fines, which become due to the crown, or to grantees or proprietors thereof under the crown, by reafon that •theperfons from whomfuch poft fines aredue,are frequently unknown to She Jberiff, and refide out of his county; aad thepatifhes, towns, pre-sends, or placer, in which the lands he, whereof the fine was. levied* are frequently mi foamed, whereby the jberiff h unable to Jhtd out she fame: and forajmuchas the Jberiff of every county, on the puffing bis accounts, is obliged Co pay to the crown, before he can obtain t?is quietus, the fevered and refpedive poft fines charged upon him, many of which he is never able to colled in and receive, to bis manifeft lots and detriment) far remedy whereof, and for the cafe of fheriffs in the execution of their office, may it pleafe your Majeffy that it may '	be



43*

prefine, together with nit name, or mark of office \

both fines to be paid toge-

Anno tricesimo fectmdo GEOkGii II. c. 14*	£	175;

be enabled; and be irenaded by the King’s rooft excellent n12 c	jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritu;

and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflan bled, and by the authority of the fame. That on all and ever Z*1*	wr*t pr writs of covenant which, from and after the firft day c

on the*back of Trinity term, one thousand feven hundred and fifty nine, 4hafi b the writ, by fued out for the paffing of fines in his Majesty’s court of Comm the officer who Pleas at IVtJlminJler, the officer or officers, whofeduty it Is to fc it to fet the and indorfe the prefine payable thereon, shall alio at the fan time, fet the ufual poft fine, and indorfe the fame on the back a the faid writ or writs, together with his or their name or names, or mark of office thereto, in the like manner as the fame are noi indorfed or ftampt at the office called The King's fitver offia\ which faid poft fine or poft fines shall be forthwith paid to tie receiver of prefines at the alienation office, for the time being, the’r to the re- together with the sum of four pence, as his fee for receiving tie prunes at the ^amc> inftead, and in lieu, of the foe of four pence charged on alienation of- lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and payable to (heriffc fice, with 4d* bailiffs, and others, on difeharging the fame, by virtue of the ad for *ti«fee, >**- of the third year of his late majefty King George the Firft, intito-fine wanted	yfo aft for the better regulating the office 0/ jheriffis; and/or of-

by a«3 Geo. i."rtaining their feeSj and the feesfor Jiang out their patents and pej

*	fing their accounts •, which faid tee of four pence, by the faid aid granted, from and after the faid firft day of Trirnty term, one thou fa nd fevenhundred and fifty nine, shall ceafe and determine; and fuch receiver shall indorfe upon the back of every fuch writ

Receiver to in- or writs of covenant, one particular or certain mark of office, in back of the' manncr **ls now ufed by him on the receipt of prefines at writ, his mark the alienation office, together with the name of fuch receiver, of office,name, and the sum of money which shall be by him received as the poft and fum re- fjnc due thereon; which mark and indorfement of fuch receiver, shall difeharge the manors, lands, tenements, rents, commons, and hereditaments, comprifed in the faid writ or writs of covenant, and the cognizce or cogniztes named therein.

II.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforeiatd, That the officer or clerk 6f the King’s fflver office, or his deputy, from and afttf thfe faid firft day of Trinity term, one thousand feven

mark thefines. hundred >nd fifty nine, shall continue to enter every fuch fine or

*	fines upontecora,fin the way hitherto ufed in the paffing of fines, and make thereof the fame entries, and shall put thereon the fame indorfements, with the fame ftamp or mark, and in the like manner, as has hitherto been the conftant ufage and pra&ice

^	_____ of the faid office in paffing of fines; and that no fine, until the

lid until ftampt <feme shall be damped and marked with the fum to which the and mark'd poft fine amounts as aforeiaid in the faid King’s filver office, vt ah tbs poft fliall be deemed a fine valid and effe&ual in law.

III.	And ivhereas no prefine is payable on any writ of covenant whffie the lands and tenements contained therein are under the yearly value of five marks; but a certain fum of fin [hillings and eight pence hath been antiently fet and payable to the crown on every fuch writ of covenant, as andfor the Kings licence being granted to the parties tn

Jiub

ceived.

Clerk of the filver office to enter and

Fines not va-

fin,.





1759*1 Anrib tricefi616 fociindo Georgii II. C* *4.	433

fuch writ cf covenant named to accord? be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid Where noprc^ firft day of Trinity term* in all cafes where tio prefine shall be onthewnt* ^ payable on any Writ of covenant, the officer or officers at the faid the officer at alienation office, whofe duty it is to fet and indorfe the prefine on the alienation every writ of covenant on which a prefine is payable, shall fet	to	PjJ*

on every writ of covenant brought to the faid alienation office, * on which no prefine shall be payable, a pod fine of fix (hillings on,	1

and eight pence, as hath been antiently ufually put, a t the faid King's filver office, on every writ of covenant on which no prefine was payable; and shall indorfe fuch pod fine of fix (hillings and and indorfe eight pence on every fuch writ of covenant, together with his the fame, with or their name or names, and mark of office, in the like manner hls ”anJ.e and as it hath been ufual to indorfe fuch writs of covenant at the faid m^r 0 °1^cc# alienation office; and every fuch pod fine of fix (hillings and The faidfum eight pence, shall be paid to the faid receiver of the faid aliena- of 6*. sd. to tion office, before the writ of covenant on which no prefine is j* **“4 before payable shall be palled at the faid alienation office; and the faid Venation receiver, on payment of the faid fix (hillings and eight pence, office. '

(hall indorfe on and mark every fuch writ of covenant, in like Receiverto in-manner as other writs of covenant are by this adfc before directed dorfe his name to be ind or fed and marked by fuch faid receiver.	writ.	*	°

IV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, clerk of the

That the officer of clerk of the King's filver office, or his depu- filver office to ty, from and after the faid firftday of Trinity term, one thoufand	no

(even hundred and fifty nine, shall not receive any writ or writs ^ poft fine of covenant, unlefs it Ihall appear by the mark and indorfement has not been of fuch receiver as aforefaid, that the pod fine has been paid paid, thereon.

V.	Provided neverthelefs. That if after the payment of fuch If the writ pod fine or pod fines as aforefaid, the faid writ or writs of co- ^*11 ** Prc" venant (hall, by the death of any of the parties named therein, th^fe-or for any other caufe whatfoever, be prevented or hindered JcraUfficei, * from paffing through the several other offices, foas the faid fine the receiverto or fines is or are not, or cannot be, com plea ted; that then, and repay thepolt in every fuch cafe, the faid receiver shall repay to the cognizee finc ?°the , or cognizees, in every fuch writ or writs of covenant, his, her, coSnlzcc*

or their attorney or agent, on their producing and filing with him the faid writ or writs of covenant, all and every fuch fum and fumsof money as shall have been before by him received thereon as and for the pod fine or port fines; and fuch writ or writs of covenant fo remaining filed with fuch receiver, (halt be, and is hereby declared to be a fufficient difeharge to fuch receivers for fuch fum or fums of money as he (hall* fo repay as _	.

r ’ r - ,	J	J	Receiverto

atorelaid.	enter into re-

VI.	And be it further ensiled by the authority aforefaid, cognisance. That every fuch receiver as aforefaid, before he takes upon him with lureties, the execution of his faid office, shall enter into a recognizance for thefaithfid before one of the- barons of his Majerty’s court of exchequer, to ^office. °an4 his Majesty, his heirs, and fucceffors, with one or more making due furety or fureties, as shall be thought proper by fiich baron, in payment* of

Vox.. XXIL	F	f	the	th?

ccivedby hnA.

434	Anno	tricefimo secundo Gborgii II. C. 14;	[ 1759

the penal fum of five thousand pounds, conditioned for the due and faithful execution of the laid office, and to pay unto every *	refpc&ive iheriff of every county, city, and town in England*

having a fberiff or (heriffs, or his under (heriff or lawful attorney, on his or their producing to fuch receiver, bk, clerk or agent, at his publick office, the quietus of the (herifF for whom payment is required, the fum total of the pod fines which shall be contained in fuch refpedtive quirt us, and wherewith fuch (herifF {hall have been charged in his account in the exchequer; and alfo to pay unto all and every the lords of liberties, proprietors, or grantees, of pod fines under the crown, or to their lawful bailiffs or attorney, upon their producing refpeAively unto the faid receiver, his clerk or agent, at his publick office, the refpeftive fchedules of the foreign appofer, or clerk of the edreats of the laid court of exchequer, the several and refpedtive fums of money in fuch fchedules contained, and fet over as poll fines to fuch Sureties to lords, proprietors, or grantees refpe&ively; which faid furety or uiitify them- fureties, shall refpe&ively juftify him or herfelf, before the baron reives.	taking fuch recognizance, to be worth the sum of two thoufand

five hundred pounds, over and befides all iuft debts and in cum-brances; and every fuch recognizance (hall, with all convenient fpeed, after the taking thereof, be tranfmitted by the baron who mined t<£ and shall take the fame to the King's remembrancer of the court of filed in, the exchequer, there to be filed and remain on record; and fuch rc-courtofexche- ceiver,and his faid fureties, shall in all cafes be refpeflively liable 3UW,‘.	.	to the amount of fuch penal fum, to make fatisfadtion to each

fi^ies^iable, rcfpe&ive (herifF, and alfo to the refpeftive lords of liberties, in the penalty proprietors, or grantees, for all and every pod fine and pod fines of the recog- . which shall be received by fuch receiver, his deputy or agent, aance, to the ^ any levied of any lands, tenements, rents, or heredita-ofC liberties* ««nta, within their refpe&ive (heriffwicks or libenies; and in proprietors,'or cafe of the death or infolvency of any of the faid fureties, at any grantees, for time after the entering into fuch recognizance as afore&id, then the poft fines onc or futtry or fureties in the room or place of him, her. Outlie death,or t^cm, fo dying or becoming infolvent as aforefaid, (hall, &c. of a fure-* within the fpaceof one month then next, enter into fuch recog-ty, a new one nizaoce as the faid furety or fureties fo dying or becoming into be provided folvent had entered into, andjudify himlelf, herfelf, or them-month.°nC	m	likemanner as is before direded in this afl; indefault of

which the faid office shall immediately ceal’e, determine, and be utterly void.

Time of re-	VII. And be it further ena<5ted by the authority aforefaid,

ceiver s atten- That from and aftdr the faid fird day of Trinity term, every fuch dance at office, receiver* his clerk or agent, shall daily (Sundays and holidays ex-aiid delivery CCpted) attend at the faid alienation office, from nine of the clock in the morning, tiH one of the clock in the afternoon, and shall deliver back every fuch writ of covenant as aforefaid, when the feme shall be called for at the faid alienation office, during the office hours herein before appointed for fuch receiver's attendant at thefaid office, within two days after every fuch poll fine lluU be paid thereon rcfpeftively, unlefs the laft of the faid

: .	two

of the writs.

 

r759*3 Anno tricesimo fectmdo GborGII II. C. 14*	435

two days shall happen to be a Sunday or holiday, and then on the next fueceeding day.

VIII.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefiud, That Receiver to every fiich receiver as aforefaid shall pay unto every (heriff of any pay the poft of the counties, cities, or towns of England, his under (heriff or fines to the lawful attorney, oh his producing- his quietus, the several and re- p? pro* fpedtive fums of money in the laid quietus mentioned to have

been by him accounted for in the receipt of his Maiefty’s exchequer, on the palling of his accounts as and for poft fines of his Majefly’s court of Common Pleas at Wejiminjler\ and alfo in like and to the manner pay unto all and every lords of liberties, proprietors, or 1?rds of Kbcr* grantees, under the crown, of’fuch hoft fines, or his or their bai- o™enm-liffor lawful attorney, upon their pftducing the fchedules of the tees* on pro-" foreign appofer, or clerk of the eftreats of the faid court of exebe- during the quer, the several and refpe&ive fums of money in the laid fche- fchedules of dules fet and allowed to them as poft fines; the faid receiver de-dueling and retaining to himfeJf^ out of every twenty (hillings Receiver to which he shall fo pay, tbefum of fix pence only, (or his trouble dedudt 6d.in and attendance on the due execution of this a<ft, and fo in pro- thepound,an<| portion for any greater or lefs fum, and which he is hereby au-thorized and impowered to dedud and retain to his own life* him. P but neither the faid receiver, nor any other person or persons whatfoever, for his or their attendance on fuch receiver, shall charge or be allowed any fee or reward for or on the account of doing any thing by this ad direded, except the faid fees to fuch receiver in this ad particularly mentioned and exprefled.

IX.	And be it further enaded bythe authority aforefaid. Penalty of That if any person or persons from and after the faia firft dav of forging the Trinity term, one thousand feven hundred and fifty nine, mail Jf-mdor mark, make, forge, or counterfeit, or caufc or procure to be made,

forged, or counterfeited, the mark or band of fuch receiver as aforefaid, whereby fuch receiver, or any other person or persons,

(hall or may be defrauded, or fuffer any lofs thereby; every person or persons convided of fuch offence, shall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall fuffer death as a felon without benefit of clergy.

X.	And be it alfo enaded by the authority aforefaid. That Receirermad#

every fuch receiver refufing or negleding to pay fuch poft fines Jubje&tothe to the faid refpedive (heriffs, lords of liberties, proprietors, or	^

grantees under the crown, or their lawful attornies or bailiffs, paying the"0* mall be fubjed to fuch order as the barons of the (aid court of poft filesf exchequer of the degree of thecoif shall make for the payment of	t

the fame; and the (aid receiver, and every person or perfons*and being who shall be guilty of any wilful default, extortion, or mifde- guilty of any meanor, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this ad, (hall

forfeit and pay to the party aggrieved treble damages with full blc damages.* cofts, which shall and may be ordered and awarded by the barons of the court of Exchequer, upon application made to, and on due proof thereof made before them, in fuch fummary way and method as to them shall feem meet; provided every fucfi.application Limitation of or profecution be made within the fpace of two years next after prgfecutions,

F f 2	any

43$	Anno	tricefimo	fccundo	Georgii II. c. 15.	[1759.

Orders of the any fuch offence shall have been committed, and nototherwife; court inforc- an(j (uch orcjers Gf the faid court of exchequer, fo to be made as c *	aforefaid,	(hall	have	the fame force, virtue, and effeft, and the

obfervance thereof shall be inforced by fuch ways and means, as any other orders of the fame court.

Operation of XI. Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority fine* in the aforefaid. That this aft shall not any way alter the operation of court of Com- any which after the faid firft day of Trinity term, one thou (and Ste^dby thi*fcvcn hundred and fiftY nine, shall be levied in the court of Caw-aft. J mon Pleas at Wejlminjler, or the courfe of palling fines in that court, otherwife than in and by this aft dircfted.

Publick aft. XII. And be it further aiafted by the authority aforefaid, That this aft shall be deemed and taken to be a publick aft; and shall be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, ju-fticcs, and other perions whatfoever, without fpccialiy pleading the fame.

CAP. XV.

An all for the letter prefervation of tie turnpike roads in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

WHEREAS great fums of money have been expended in a-mendtng ana repairing the turnpike roads in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, yet the Jaid roads cannot be kept in fufficient repair, and are in many places become ruinous by the great and excejfwe weights which the number of horfes now allowed by lew to draw waggons and other carriages, enable carriers, and other persons ufmg the faid roods, to carry upon the fame; for remedy whereof, be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the firft day Additional or September, one thousand feven hundred and fifty nine, where tollof s*. per any waggop, wain, cart, or other carriage, is drawn by four or laid oiTa&f morc horfes, or other beads of draught, it shall and may be law-waggon*, Sic. fal for all truftees or commissioners appointed, or hereafter to drawn by four be appointed, by any aft or afts of parliament, for the repair any highway or highways, in that part of Great Britain cal-e»m o and. jC(j	jn	the;r	refpeftive diftrifts, or any five or more of

them, or any person or persons impowered by them, or any five or more of them, to demand, receive, and take, and they are hereby required to demand, receive, and take, at all the gates •and bars that are or shall be erefted for receiving and colleSing any toll or duty, before fuch waggon, wain, cart, or other carriage, shall be permitted to pafs through any fuch toll-gate or toll-bar, over and above the tolls or duties already granted, or hereafter to be granted, the sum of five (hillings fterfing for each horfe, or other bead of draught, drawing any fuch waggon, wain, cart, of other carriage; which faid additional toll or duty hereby granted and made payable, shall and may be levied upon •any person who (hall, after demand made thereof, refufe or neg-’’	;	left



437

.1759*3 Anno tricesimo fccundo Georgii II. c. 15.

1eft to pay the fame, in fuch manner as any other toll or duty, payable at the fame turnpike-gate or bar, is bylaw to be levied; and the money arifing from fuch additional duty, shall be applied to the repair of the highway where the fame shall be col-

. II. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,10 8- P?na,tr, That if any person or persons shall take off, orcaufc to be taken fcc.m off, any horfe orhorfes, or other bead of draught, from any a?oid'the ad-carriage, at or before the fame shall come to any of the faid ditionui toll, gates or turnpikes, vfith an intent to avoid paying the faid additional toll or duty, each and every person fo offending, and being convicted thereof before the (aid truftees, or any five or more of them, upon the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles (which oath the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to adminifter) shall forfeit and pay twenty (hillings sterling ; one half to the informer, and the other halt to be applied to repairing fuch part or pans of the faid road, as the faid truftees, ot any five or more of them,

Jhall appoint.

t III. And be it farther enafted and declared by the authority Travelling aforefaid. That every person who shall drive any waggon orj"*^ ftwer other carriage upon any part of any turnpike road, with more ofthe”* .horfes than fuch waggon, or other carriage, (halh on the fame road than on (day, pafs through any turnpike-bar or gate with, shall be deem- another jiable cd and adjudged to have taken off the (aid horfes, with intentto f°rfc*t. to avoid paying the faid additional toll or duty.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That from and after the firft day of September, one thousand feven hundred and fifty nine, no waggon, wain, cart, or other carriage, shall be drawn by nJore than eight horfes, or other beads of draught, upon any turnpike road, in that part of Great

f Britain called Scotland, on pain of forfeiting the sum of five pounds sterling for every fuch offence; one half to the informer,

. and the other half to be applied to repairing the road where the offence shall be committed, as the truftees, or any five or more of them, shall appoint.

V.	Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority afore- $ach number

. faid. That nothing in this aft contained shall extend, or be of horfes may conftrued to extend, to reftrain the owner or owners of any be ufed for carriage, or his or their fervants, ufing or drawing with as many	^

horfes, or beads of draught, as shall be neceflary for drawing at the truftees' fuch carriages up any deep hill, as the faid truftees, or any five by an order or more of them, within their refpeftive diftrifts, where fuch	Pjir*

fteep hills do lie, (hall, from time to time, order and direft;	^

, copy of which order and direftion, under the hand of the clerk q™ *0f ^

, of the faid truftees, shall be kept by the person or persons im-order to be powered to levy the faid tolls or duties, at the toll gate next ad- lodgedI with jacent to fuch nills; and (hall, without fee or reward, be made ^hetoW^ patent to the owners of fuch carriages paffing the road, or their	9

(cry^nts, requiring to fee the fame.

Ff 3	.	VI, Prp-





Anno tricesimo fecnndo Gfoaotl IL C. 15.	I1759-

Waggon*,	Ice.VI, Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority >

heeh ***	fore fa id. That nothing, in this ad contained (ball impofe or be

w * conftrued to impofe the bid additional duty on any waggon, wain, cart, or other carriage, the fellies of the wheels whereof are of the breadth or gage of nine inches, from fide to fide, at the leaft; nor on any waggon, wain, cart, or other carriage, or carrying employed in carrying one tree or piece of timber, one done or °fly °blblfcLk block of marble’ or any machine or engine in one piece, which uo'Hiableto cannot be drawn by fewer than four hones * nor on any waggon, additional du- wain, cart, or other carriage, drawn by oxen or neat catde only, ty.	or along with two borfea, and no more.

Caniageswith VII. And, for the farther encouraging the ufing of broad °£the wheels, be it further enaded by the authority aforefiud, Tha tache«broad, ^rom ^ *^ter tbe fifft day of	,	one tboufend (eves

drawn by 3 ’ hundred and fifty nine, afl waggons, wains, and carts, where* horfes, to pay of the fellies of the wheels are of the breadth or gage of fix tbe toll only inches from fide to fide, at the lead, drawn by three horfes, 0 tvo* mares, or geldings, (hail only be liable and fubjed to payment of fuch toll or duty as is at present impofed, by the aids of parliament already made, upon waggons, wains, and carts, drawn by two horfes.

Chaifes,	VIII.	Provided	always,	and	be it farther enaded by the an*

coacbes,kc. thority aforefeid, That nothing in tbk ad contained (ball be exempted, deemed or conftrued to extend to any chaife marine, coach, chariot, landau, berlin, chaife, chair, or calsflv.

Truftee* may IX, And, for the better discovering and dete&ingthe off end-order wheels ers sgainft this ad, it is hereby further enabled, That it fcall to be meafur* atul may be lawful to and for the truftees appointed, or to be ed*	appointed, by any ad or ads of parliament made, or to be

tnade, for the repairing or amending any highway or highways within that part of Great	called	Scotland, or any five or

more of them, and they are hereby authorised and required, by writing under their hands, to order the fellies of the wheels of all waggons, wains, carts, and other carriages, which are, or Ought to be, of the breadth orgage herein before dire&ed and prefenbed, to be meafured and gaged at any turnpike or toll-gate ereded, or to be eroded, upon any part of the highway or- road, in or upon which fuch waggon, wain, cart, or carriage refpec-tively, shall travel, pafs, or bedrawn.

Carriages with	X. Provided always. That in cafe it shall appear to. the fatif-

wheels reduc. fadion of the person or persons appointed to meafane and gage ed, by wear* the faid wheels, that the fellies of the wheels of any waggon or thfn’ooeTach	carriage,	travelling	or	pafliog upon anv fuch turnpike

allowed to ’ toad, were originally, and when firfl made, of tbe breadth of pids,	' nine or fix inches refpedively, and, by long ufageand wearing,

‘	(hall have been reduced to, and become of,.lefs breadth or gage;

then, and in fuch cafe, it shall and may be lawful for fuch waggon or wheel carriage to travel, pafs, or be drawn upon any fuch turnpike road, fo as tbe fellies of all the wheels thereof refpedively be not diminilhed more than one inch of the fall breadth required by this ad.

XI- And



1759*1 Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii 11. c. 16.	439

XI.	- And it is hereby farther enaAed and declared. That if PeHbnt bin-any person or persons mall hinder, or attempt tb prevent or pb- <,er'Jg -tbe , ftruA, the meafuring or gaging the fellies of fuch wheels, or wbeeh?forWt shall ufe any violence to any person or perlons employed or con- j!. sterling,. cemed in fuch meafuring or gaging, each and every person fo • offending, and being convifbed thereof before the md truftees,

or any five or more of them, upon the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, which oath the laid truftees, or any five or mere of them, are hereby impowered to adminifter, shall forfeit and pay five pounds fterkng? one half to the informer, and the other half to be applied to repaving foch part or parts of tbe faid road, as the fiud truftees, or any five or more of them, shall appoint.

XII.	And be it further enaAed by the authority aforefaid, Penalties, not

That all tolls, duties, penalties, and forfeitures, bythisaAim- otbcrwife di-adfed, if not otherwise direAed to be levied by thisaA, shall be	!}?

levied by diftrefs of tbe offender’s goods and chattels, by war- y cant under the hands and foals of any two or more juftices of

the peace for the county, city, or place, where the offence shall be committed; and the persons diftraining for (uch penalties are Diftrefs may hereby authorized-and impowered to fell the goods or chattels be fold, fo diftrained, and return the overplus money, if any there be, wpon demand, to the owners of foch goods ana chattels, after fuch foils, duties, penalties, or forfeitures, with the reafonable charges of fuch diftrefs, shall be deducted and paid.

XIII.	And be it further enaAed by the authority aforefaid, Perfons ag-That if aiiy person or persons shall think him or themfdves grie««d may -aggrieved by any order or other proceedings of the (aid truftees aPP*^

or juftices, it (mil and may be lawful for him or them to appeal 2^2*rte*" to the juftices of the peace for tbe county or place where the caufe of appeal shall arife, in their general quarter feftions af-fetnbled, who are hereby authorised and impowered to hear and determine the matter in diipute, and wbofo order therein fttsll be final and ctodufive.

. XIV. And be it further enaAed by the authority aforefaid. Limitation of That if any a£tion shall be brought, or fuit commenced, againft anions, any person or persons for any thing done in purfuanee of this aA, or in relation to the premifibs, or any of them, every fuch aAion or fuit shall be laid or brought within one month, after the faA done.

CAP. XVI.

An all to	continue, amend,	explain, and render more effectu-

al, an ad made in tbe fixtb year of tbe reign of. bis fent	Majtfty, for tbe better regulation of lafiage and bal~

laftage in tbe river Thames, and to prevent putting of rubbijb, ajhes ,dirt, or foil,into tbe faid river, and in tbe Jlreets, paffages, and kennel, in London, and in tbe Juburbs thereof in Middlesex, in Weftminfter, and fycb fart of the duteby of Lancaster as is in Middlesex;

F f 4	and

Digiti2 ' by

Aft 6 Geo. *

The recited aft further’ continued, ex-cept where altered by this aft, to «4 June, 1770.

3000 tons of dung, comport, earth, or foil, allow-cd to be year-ly fbiDped as ballaft, from any part of the river Thames;

Anno tricesimo secundo Gborgii U.Gwt6L [1759*

and far allowing a certain quantity of dang, eompvft,

earth, or foiU to be yearly Jhtpped as ballaft from the hrj~ ftalls pn London on board any collier or coafting veffeL

WHEREAS an aft made in tbefixtb year of the reign of bis pefmt Majesty, intituled. An act for the better regulation of laftage and balfaftage in the river Thames, which was to sou-tinue in force from the firft day of June, onetboujdni feveu hundred and thirty three, for five years, and fromthence to the end of the tpen next session of parliament; and which, by an aft made in the eleventh year of toe reign of his find present Majesty, was further continued for Jeven years, and from thence to the end of the them next ftjfion of parliament; and by an aft made in the eighteenth year of the retgnof his faid prefinf Majesty, was father continued for eleven years, and firm thence to the end of the then next ftjfion of parliament; is near expiring: and whereas the find aft hath greatly tended to the preventing the frauds and ahufts tbmtefore committed by the batiaftmen employed under the majler, wardens^ and ~ * if the Trinity Houle c/ Deptford Strond in the anmty of. Kent, and alfi fe the preftrvatkn of the. navigation of x&e Jaid river Thames, and tbe prmoting and encouraging the traieoftbis king* 4om, and for the maintenance and- relief of decayed Aomen, their wives, widows, and orphans; he it therefore enifted by the King’s moll excellent majefty, by and with thetdriee and con-lent of the lords fpiritual ana temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by thcauthority of the fame. That the 'laid a St, and all every the powers, authorities, claufcs, end previfions therein contained,, other thanfuchas are hereinafter altered or amended, (ball be and continue, and the fame ’ is and are hereby continued,- in force, from die expiration thereof, until: the twenty fourth day of June,, one thousand fbven hundred and feventy, andfrom thence to the end of the then next fefiior of. parliament.

II.	And, for the explaining and renderiag more efte<5bo*l the faid fuft recked1 aft, and afcertasnmg the quantities of dung, comport, earth, or foil, which may be (hipped, or tranlportcd as ballaft, be;it therefore further chafed by tire authority aforefaid, Thet from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one. thou fand fcytp hundred: and fifty nine, any raafter, owner or ovioers, of • any (hip or veflel, may (hip, tranfport, and carry, in his or their “ (hip or (hips, veflel or veflels,*ballaft, from London, or any part pf the river.7"hames, any dung, comport, earth, or foil, or any chalk rubbifh, fope afhes, fope wafte, flints* tobacco pipe clay, or pthcr clay, or any other goods or commodities^ claimed to be furnilhed as ballaft by the faid corporation of Trinity Hotft (fubjeft neverthelcfs to the payment of the rates and duties, and under the provifoes and reftriftions herein-after mentioned and Contained concerning the fame) fo that the whole quantity together of all dung, comport, earth, or foil, which shall be allowed to be (hipped and tranfported for ballaft asafore-faid, under the authority of this aft, for the ufc pf coafters and

colliery

 

1759*1 Anno tricefimofceundo GEORQIl II. c. i6.	441

colliers, or on any other account or pretence whatsoever, doth not exceed in any one year, to commence and be computed from the firft day of June inclufive in every year, the quantity o . ^ of three thousand tons, over and befides the quantity of two °1(jes l000 thousand tons of dung, compoft, earth, or foil, herein after tons from tbe (pacified and allowed to be (hipped or put on board any coafting iayftallsin imps or vefiels in the faid river Thames, by the leflee or lefiees, London» Occupier or occupiers of the layftalls.of the city of london (or rise tittle being, on the condition herein-after mentioned ; and and of chalk, i>al(b that the whole quantity of chalk and chalk rubbifh which a"d chalk shall be (hipped and tranfported as ballaft, for the ufe of coafters '"'obldl3°°° and colliers in the faid river Thames, doth not exceed the quan- on* * tity of three thousand tons in any one year, to commence and be computed as afore&id 5 and fo Ukewife that tbe whole quan- an(j ^ tity of fope alhes, and of ail other forts of commodities as afore- ithes, laid, claimed to be fumiffied as ballaft as aforefaid by the faid *000 tons* Corporation, and hcepfed by the. authority of this *ft to be (hipped and tranfported as ballaft as aforefaid, for tbe ufe of coafters and colliers in the faid river, doth not exceed the quantity of two thousand tons in any one year, to commence and be computed as aforefaid.

III.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it enacted by the authority Entry to be aforefaid, That before the m after, owner or owners, of. any made of all fbipar vefiel, shall permit any of the faid commodities or things, ptaimed to be furnifhed as ballaft by the (aid corporation, tq be . or (hipped or put on board any fuch (hip or vefiel, every fuch mafter, ’ owner or owners, shall make a due entry at the ballad office of

the Trinity	Hetfe'm. London, or with the offioer of the faid Trinity

Houfe at	Gravefend (unlefs any of tbe faid commodities at things

(hail be (hipped or put on board any (hip or vefiel as^aforefaid an the laft (even days of the. month of May in any year, and then every entry thereof shall be made at the office of the Trinity Houfe in London, and not in any other place) of all commodities and things as aforefaid which shall be (hipped or . put on board any fuch (hip or vefiel as ballaft, md. of the name of every foch (hip or vefiel, and of tbe mafter, or commander thereof { and alfoj at the time of the making of every fuch refpe&iye eni and 1 d. per try, shall pay to the faid corporation for fuch licence or author ton paid for a rity, one penny for every ton of thefaid commodities and things licence to tbe fo to be entered as aforefaid.

IV.	And be it further enaded by the authority ;aforefaid, ” . JV ■That if any mafter. Owner or owners, or officer of any (hipor ° |/ uiy, 1 vefiel, shall (hip or put on board, or fuffer to be (hipped 107 put -

on board, any fuch (hip or vefiel, any of the commodities or things herein before-mentioned, fpecitied, and enumerated, before every fuch entry and payment as aforefaid in refpedt thereof shall be made; or shall (hipor take on board any.fuch (hip er .vefiel, any greater quantity thereof than what shall befo enter- w-th ^ pd and paid for as aforefaid; then,and in every fuch cafe,every „atty formtk-perfon who shall fo offend in the premifies, and be thereof con- ing a fraudu.

I	vi&Cfi	lent entry.



44*

Bricks, tyles, or lime, &c. may be (hipped as ballaft, duty-free#

*

Lighters and vends employed in the Dallaftage to be weighed, marked, and numbered, by the officers of the Trinity Houfe

penalty of re* moving, defacing, or Counterfeiting, &c. the marks, 5I.

On fufpicjon of fraud, the lighters may pc reweighed

Anno cricefimo secundo Geoxoii II; C.t6.	£1759.

viAed in manner herein-after provided *r -dira&ed, Audi, far every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the Turn of ftve pounds.

V.	Provided always, and it is hereby likewife enadted, That from and after tbe (aid twenty fourth day of June, one thousand feven hundred and fifty nine, it ft all be lawful for any matter or owner of any (hip or veflel, from time to thne, to (hip, trarrf-port, and carry, in any fuch (hipor veflel, as ballsft, from Leaden, or any part of the river Themes, any quantity of bricks, tyles, or lime, or any other merchandreeable commodities and things (other than and except fuch of the (aid commOdfaiesand things a9 are herein before enumerated and ipecified, and allowed to be taken or carried as batlaft) without paying may thing to the faid corporation for the fame. • ■ ■

VI.	And whereas it is necejfdry that the tighten, barges, or

fiis, in which any dung, compojt, earth, or Jail, Jball be heeded, in order to be put on board any flhps or vejfiis, for the of	<r

colliers in the faid rii*er Thames, he weighed, marked, and numbered ', be it further enabled by the tutherity aforefaSd, That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thousand feven hundred and fifty nine, no lighter, barge, or veflM what-foever, shall beufedor employed by any person dr per fans, far carrying any dung, compoft, earth, or (bit, on board any (hip or veflel whatfoever in the fail river ’Thames, for the ufe of cottiers or colliers there, until every ftch lighter, barge, or -retie!, (hall'have been fkft weighed, marked, and numbered, by die faid corporation of the Trinity Houfe, and at their colts, or by fome agent or officer who shall be appointed for that purpafe by them; and the faid corporation, their agent or officer, is and are hereby authorised and required, from time to time, at fenfba-able times in the day-time', as they shall fee occafion, to weigh every fuch lighter, barge, or vefftl, which shall he employed m the raid river Thames, for the earring any dung, compoft, earth, or foil, on board any coafrer or collier in the faid river $ and ftlfo to affix a gjuge math, by peunting the feme, or otherwifc, in (bme conmkuous place or places, at (he (tern and ftem of every fuch lighter, barge, or veflel, as aforefeid, higher than tbe feme shall fink into the water when loaded, denoting the exad tonage; and alfo the number of every fuch lighter, barge, or veflel, in a legible manner, and in large white capital letters and figures: and if any one shall offend in the premifles, or shall remove, alter, deface, or counterfeit, any gauge mark of any fuch lighter, barge, or veflel, as aforefaid, or the number thereof, which lhall be fet, painted, or affixed, by the faid corporation, their agent or officer, on any fuch lighter, barge, or veflel | every person to offending, and being thereof convi&ed in the manner herein after directed, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the (urn of five pounds.

VII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefeid, That in cafe the faid corporation shall have reaion at any time to fufpedt that the gauge mark of any fuch lighter, barge, of veflel, hath been removed, altered, or changed, then, and in

fuch

 LrOOQle

>759*1 Anno toocftnao fecunUo GeorgiI H. c. 16,	443

fuch cafe, it fall be lawful for the &d corporation, their agent or officer, at all times hereafter, at feafonable times in the day-time, and at the cofts of the faid corporation, to reweigb any foch lighter, barge, or vefTel (fo as that no more than one fach lighter, barge, or vefTel, Stall be reweighed in any week) and in cafe upon the reweighing of any fuch lighter, barge, or vefTel, the fame shall be found to be of greater tonage than by the mark thereof, fach lighter, barge, or veflel, shall be (ignified or denoted, and ought to be, then the person or perions to whom an<] ^ fuch lighter, barge, or vefTel, which shall be fo found to be of to forfeit $1. greater tonage than aforefald shall belong, fhall, for every fuch on conviftion offence, on being convided in manner by this ad preferibed, of the offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds.

VIII.	And wbtrtas	it frequently happens that	Jbips and veffelt

which come within the pert-of London, bring in them large tities of	ballaf,	which, for convenience of the mafters or rumen of

fuch	jbips- or	veffels, and to fave expense, are frequently unloaded and

thrown into the faid river Thames, to the great prejudice and fruition of the navigation thereof: now, for preventing fuch/mnoy-ances for the future; be k further enaded by the authority a-forefaid. That if any (hip or veflel, after the faid twenty fourth Veflels to unday of June, one thousand feven hundred and fifty nine, shall load their hal> come into the faid river with any ballaft therein, no part of any iomo filch ballaft shall be unloaded, put, or thrown, from or out of ground*abo*e any fuch (hip or veflel, into the faid river, but all filch ballaft high water fhal] be kid or put, at the expence of the owner or owners or mark mailer, of every fuch refpedive fbip or veflel, on fotne common wharf or quay near to the faid river, or on fome ground or place abovhhigh water mark; or otherwife, shall be unload- <*. ;nto lighted from every filcb-rdpedive (hip or veflel, at tbe cofts of the ersofrheTri-bwner or owners, mafter or commander, of every fuch (aid (hip nity Houfe. or veflel, into ope or more lighter or lighters belonging, or which shall belong, to the faid corporation, which the faid corporation are hereby required to furnifh and fend, oa any demand for the fame being miwie, or left in writing at the fspd ballaft office, by or on tbe behalf of every fuch owner or owners, or mafter of any fuch (hip or veflel; and in cafe the faid corporation, on any Trinity Houfe fuch application or demand as aforefald, shall refufe, or shall no- to furmfli gled to furnifh and fend, fufficieat lighter or fighters to take any fighter* ac-ballaft from any fuch (hip or veflel, according to the true meaning cord',ngty- °*! of this ad, within the (pace, of three days after any fcich appli- **aalt^ 50 ■ cation or demand shall be anade to them for that purpofe, then, and in every fach cafe, the {aid corporation fhaH forfeit and.pay, for every fach refufal or negiedt, thq fum of fifty pounds; unlefs fuch refufal or negled shall be occafioned by frofty or tempeftv-ous weather, preventing fuch lighter or lighters from being navigated to take away the feme; to be recovered by addon of Applicationof debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of bis Majesty’s conns tlw penalty, pf record at IVeJlminJltr, wherein no eflbin, protection, or wager of law, and no more than one imparlance shall be allowed .one moiety of which penalty shall be applied to the ufc of the " - ;	’	1	P9W





444	Anno	tricefimo secundo Georgix II. c. 16.	t1759-

poor of the parilh or place where the offence shall be committed, and the other moiety to the person who shall fue for the fame.

^°be°r^d°6d ’ And k* lt farther cnafted by the authority afbrefaid, /#r ton,1 for That the owner or owners, mafter or commander, of every (hip balUft unload- or veffel, out of which any ballad shall be taken by any lighter ed into their or veffel belonging to the (aid corporation, (hail pay to the faid lighters. corporation the sum of fix pence per ton, for every ton of ballad which (hail be received by the faid corporation out of any fuch (hip or veffel, within the fpace of twenty four hours after any fuch ballad shall be carried away from, or out of, any foch .(hip or veflelvby the ballad-men, fervants, or agents, of the (aid corporation; which money, when received, shall be applied and difpofed of for the ufe of the poor of the (aid corporation ; and in cafe of nonpayment thereof, the fame may be recovered for the ufe aforefaid, by a&ion of debt to be brought in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wejlminfter, in the name of the faid corporation, againd any fuch owner or owners, mafter or commander, of any fuch (htp or veffel.

Penalty of un- Am* be it further enadtod by the authority afbrefaid. That loading bal- if after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thousand feven latt otherwife hundred and fifty nine, any ballad, of any kind or denomination than is direa- whatsoever, shall be unloaded, put, or thrown, out of any (hip ed by this aft, ^ vc{jy^ jnto t^e river Thames, or be unloaded, laid, or put on 5 \	any (bore, ground, or place, below the high water mark in the

. fiiid river, then, and in any fuch cafe, the .mafter or commander of every fuch refpedtive (hip or veflel from or out of which any fuch ballad dull be fo unloaded, or put on any fuch (hore, ground, or place, as aforefaid, bn being thereof convicted in the manner by this aft prescribed, shall forfeit and pay for every fuch offence the sum of five pounds.

XI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That and of tin- any P^00 or persons (hall, at any time or times after the faid loading or twenty fourth day of June, one thousand feven hundred and throwing fifty nine, unload, put, or ■ throw, into the faid river Thames, rubbifh, &c. any rubbifh, earth, allies, dirt, or foil, from any wharf* quay, wharf3or or *3an*c> adjoining or near to the faid river Thames, or from or lighter, &c. out of any barge or lighter $ any person fo offending, and who into the river, shall be thereof conviefted in manner by this a<ft preferibed, (hall

*•	forfeit and pay for every fach offence the sum of forty (hillings.

XII.	And, to the intent that no greater quantity of dung, com-rpofl, earth, or foil, may be delivered or put on board any coajler or . (oilier, as or far ballaft, than is allowed of by this afi, and that if

any greater quantity thereof than what it Jo allowed of Jball be put on -board any confer or coajlers, difoovery may be made thereof; be it Dung, com- farther eaa&ed by the authority aforefaid. That from and after poft, earth,'or the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thousand feven hundred foil, for bal- and fifty nine, no dung, cbmpoft, earth, or foil, shall be deli-laid on board vcret* ”ito or put on board any fuch coafter or collier immedi-fome°number- atc*T from layftall, wharf, quay, or other place on (hore, p4 and mark- adjoining or near to the (aid river Thayer, apd that all dung,

COippofi?



1759*1 Anno tricesimo secundo Geokgii II. c. 16.	445

comport, earth, or foil, which, after th$ fait] twenty fourth day lighter, of June, (hall, in purfuance of this a<5t, be delivered or put on J^cede-board any fuch coafter or collier as or for ballaft, shall be taken leered on from the layftall* wharf, quay, or other place on lhore, where- board the on the fame shall lie, and therefrom shall be carried to every coaiter or fuch coafter or collier, in and by fome lighter, barge, or veflel,colllcr* which shall be weighed, marked, and numbered, as by this act is directed, and shall be delivered or put on board fuch coafter or collier from fuch numbered and marked lighter, barge, or veflel only, and not in any other manner : and if any perion or on penalty of persons shall offend in the premifTes, he or they, on being there- 51* of convidted as by this adt is dired^ed, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds; one moiety Application thereof to the informer, and the other moiety thereof to the tncrcot. treasurer or treafurers of the faid corporation of the Trinity'

Houfe, for the ufe of the poor of the faid corporation.

XIII.	And whereas great quantities of rubbijh, earthy fand, afbn, dirt9 filthy and foily are frequently put or thrown into the fireetSy lanesy and common pajfageSy of the city of London, and the liberties thereofy and of the Juburbs of the faid city in the county of Middle-fex j and alfo in the fireetSy lanesy and common pafjagesy of the city of Weftminfter, and the liberties thereof; and in fuch part of the /i-berty of the dutchy <?/Lancafter, as ties in the faid county of Mid-diefex; and fcavcngers or rakers whofe duty it it to cleanfe fuch Jbreets, lanesy and common paffogeSy their fervants or labourers, and alfo other perfonSy do frequently fweep or put rubbi/hy earth, fand, afhesy dirty filthy and foilinto the kenhclt or channels in the faid JlreetSy lanes, and common paffagts, and by means thereof, fuch rub-bi/h, earth, fandy ajhesy dirty filthy or foily or part thereof , are frequently earned or forced down into the faid river ^Thames, to the mamfejl prejudice of the (aid river y and the navigation thereof \ as well as to the annoyance of the docks and wharfs contiguous to the faid river: for remedy whereof, be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid twenty fourth Penalty oflay-day of June, one thousand (even hundred and fifty nine, no lI$ rubb‘fb» person or persons shall lay, throw, or put, any rubbifh, earth, &c?Vn°anvof fand, a(hes, dirt, filth, or foil, in any ftreet, lane, court, com- the ftreets mon way, or paflage, within the faid city of London, or the li- or common berties thereof, or in the fuburbs thereof in the faid county of	^ot}'

Middlefex \ or in any ftreet, lane, court, common way, or paf- iter’or thel°^

1 fage, in the faid city of IVtJlminfter, or the liberties thereof; or fuburbs therein fuch part of the liberty of the dutchy of Lancaster, as lies in of. the county of Middlesex \ other than finch as is or are allowed by law to be laid or heaped up to drain, ready for the refpe<ftive fcavengers or rakers, within their several precin&s, to carry away ; or fweep, throw, carry, or otherwife put, any rubbifh, Qffwe 1 earth, fand, afhes, dirt, filth, or foil, into any kennel or chan- or throwing18 nel, in the faid city of London, or the liberties thereof*; or m the any rubbifh, fuburbs of the faid city of London, or the liberties thereof; br^c* in the faid city of IVeftminfier, or the liberties thereof; or.in' filch	afj7 °fth*

part of the lifcJcrty of the dutchy of LancafUr, as lies in the faid K nnc

county

 

4 46

But none arc liable to forfeit for fweep-ing before their houfea immediately after fnow, thavj or rain.

Leflees and occupiers of layftalls to infpe& the ftreets and common paf-(ages, and give information of offenders in the premiss ;

and on performing thrif duty therein, they areallow-ed to (hip an* ijually, as ballad, from any layftalls in London, acoo tons of dung, &c.

Axmortriccfimo secundo Georoii II. C. 16.	[1759.

county of AUddlefex \ other than fach as shall be fwept away by the refpedtive inhabitants before their relpe&ive habitations: and if any one shall offend in the premiflks, and shall be thereof convr&erf in the manner by this ad direfled, he, fhe, or they, fo offending, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten (hillings.

XIV.	Provided always* and be it enufted by the authority aforefaid. That nothing before in thi9 a<51 contained shall extend to prevent any inhabitant within the limits herein before mentioned, or his or her fervant, from fweepmg immediately after fnow, thaw, or rain, into any kennel or channel within the limits aforefaid, any ice, fnow, dirt, or foil, which by means of any fuch fnow, thaw, or rain, shall be before his or her houfc or tenement (other than and except rubbifh which shall be caft out, thrown, or put, in any fuch ftreet, lane, orpaflage, within the limits aforefaid, from repaired or decayed buildings, or otherwife) or to inflift any penalty on any fuch inhabitant, or his 01 her fervant, in refpfcft to his or her fo doing^

XV.	And be it further cnafted by the authority aforefaid, That it shall be lawful for the leflee or Itffees, occupier or occupiers, for the time being, of the layftalls of the faid city of London, and he and they is and are hereby required, either in-per-fon, or by fome proper fervant to be deputed by him or them, and at his or their charges, to go about and inlpetft the fcverai ftreets, courts, lanes, and common paffages, in the faid city of London, and the liberties thereof, every day in the year (Sunday* excepted) and to give information from time to time to the mayor of the (aid city for the time being, or fome alderman of the faid city, of every person or persons he or they shall at any time difeover or detedt offending in the premiffes, in the faid city of London, or the liberties thereof, contrary to the intent of this ad, fo that every person and persons fo offending in Lon-don, or the liberties thereof, may be proceeded againft, as by this ad is direded, for every fuch offence.

XVI.	And in cafe fuch leffee or leffees* occupier or occupiers* or bis or their fervant, /hall duty* from time to time, make and perform the infpefiion hereby directed to be made, in London, and the liber-tin thereof according to the intent of this aft* and give information againft the persons found offending in the faid city of London, and the liberties thereof to the mayor of the faid city for the time being, or fome alderman of the faid city 3 be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That fuch leffee or leflees, occupier or occupiers, of the faid layftalls for the time being, shall and may, between the firft day of June* one thousand feven hundred and fifty nine, and the firft day of June, one thousand (even hundred and fixty, (hip, or caufe to be (hipped, from any layftall of the faid city of London, as and for ballad, but on no other account or pretence whatfoever, on board of any collier, or coaft-ing (hip or (hips, veflel or veflels, in the faid river, any quantity of dung* comport, earth, or foil, not exceeding two thousand tons in the wholes and aMb, shall and may, after the faid firft

day

 UooQle

447

1759-3 Aimo tricesimo iecundo Georgii II. c*i6.

day pf June* on* tboufand feven hundred and fixty, yearly in every year then following, (hip, or caufe to be (hipped, from any layftall or laystalls of the faid city of London^ as and for ballad, but on no other account or pretence whatfoever, on board any r collier or coafting (hip, veflel or veflel$, any quantity of dung,

1 cpmpoft, earth, or foil, not exceeding two thousand tons.

XVII.	Provided neverthelefs, Thai fuch I*aid leflee or leflees,

1 occupier or occupiers, of the faid layftalls, or the infpeftor or :	infpeftors	who	(hall. be employed by or under him or them, (hail but before

do his or their duty in the premiffes, directed and intended by thippingthere-this aft, and (hajl yearly, after the faid firft day of Jwe> one °£ t!,ey are 10 thousand feven hundred and fixty, before the Shipping of any ttocare frwn 1 part of the Aid additional two tboufand tons of dung, compoft, the mayor, earth, or foil, obtain a teftimonial or certificate thereof, under and deliver the 1 the hand of the mayor of the faid city of London for the time at *hc 1 being, and shall deliver fuch certificate or teftimonial at the bal- baUaft officc 5 I laft office of the faid mailer, wardens, and affiftants, of the faid i Trinity Houfe* before the faid firft d^y of June in every fuch year, after the faid firft day of June* one thousand feven hun-- dred and sixty and which faid additional two tbou&nd tons of the faid quan-dung, compoft, earth, or foil, shall be befides and exclufive of tny to be ex-i the (aid three thousand tons allowed by the faid herein before re- c'^v[0°n/a|* pited aft made in the Aid fixtb year of his present Majefty's reign, iowecj by a&

1 to be yearly (hipped and transported as ballaft; but fuch Aid 6 Geo. i. two thousand additional tons of dung, compoft, earth, or foil, by this aft allowed to be yearly (hipped and tranfported, as a-fore&id, are to be, and shall be, fubjeft and liable to the like bat fubje6l to i penalties, payments, orders, reftriftioqs, and regulations, as in ll.ke i and by the faid firft herein before recited aft are enacted and uon*9 declared, concerning dung or compoft thereby allowed to be (hipped or tranfported as or for ballaft, other than fuch thereof as are altered or varied by this present aft.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, jufticet, not i That any justice or juftices of the peace, of the county, city, being mem-

divifion, or place, in which any offence as aforefaid for unload- ben of the itog, putting, or throwing any ballaft from or out of any (hip or veflel into the faid river Thames* or for putting, unloading, or Anders7on i throwing into the faid river Thames* any rubbifo, earth, fand, theirovrn view ( afties, filth, dirt, or foil, from any wharf, quay, or bank, adjoin- and know-ing to or near the faid river, or from or out of any barge orledSc$ lighter, or for putting or throwing any rubbifti, earth. And, afttes, filth, dirt, or foil, in any ftreet, lane, or pal&ge, in the faid city of London*, or the liberties thereof, or in the faid fuburbs of the faid city in thefaid county of Middlesex% or in thje Aid city of tVcJiminfter* or the liberties thereof, or in fuch part of the liberty of the dutchy of Lancafier as Iks in the Aid county of Mid~ dltfex, except as herein before is excepted, or fweeping, putting, or throwing the fame into any kennel or channel in the Aid city of London, or the liberties thereof, or in the fuburbs of the Aid city in the faid county of Afuldlefex, or in the city of IVefimin-Ser* or the liberties thereof, or in foch part of the dutchy of Lan~





4+8

Anno tricesimo fccundo Georoii II. c. 16. [175$.

tajier as lies in the laid county of Middlesex, except as herein before is excepted, by means whereof the fame shall or may be carried or forced down any fuch kennel or channel into the £ud river Thames, shall be committed*, or wherein any fuch offender or offenders shall be found, fuch justice or juftices (not being a member of the faid corporation of the faid Trinity Houfe) is and are hereby authorized and required to convift any fuch offender or offenders on the proper knowledge or view of any (itch and bear all jufticc or juftices \ and every fuch justice and juftices is and art nffliabte by * hereby alfo authorized and required to hear all the offences pu-pecuniary pc- nifhable by this a& by any pecuniary penalties, other than fuch uaJtic* (except are herein before dire&ed to be recovered by adion of debt, J.hcJ®f“ch arc bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of r^overed°ixi rccord at Weftminjler; and upon an information exhibited, or courts of complaint made, in that behalf, fo that every fuch informatioa record)	or complaint be exhibited upon oath before fuch justice or ju-

and upon	dices, within feven days after any fuch offence shall be committed

fnformati4 n* (wh*ch oath fuch justice or juftices is or are hereby impowered ifluTwarr^au an<* required to adminifter) every fuch justice or juftices is and for appre- are hereby required, within their refpe&ive jurifdi&ions, to iffiie bending of- a warrant or warrants for the immediate apprehending of the fenders ,* party or part|C8 accufed, and bringing him, her, or them, before any justice or juftices, within his or their refpe&vejurifdi&ioa, to anfwer the matters of complaint to be contained in fuch war-which may be rant or warrants ; and which warrant or warrants the person executed as and persons to whom the fame shall be dire&ed is and are hereby well upon the authorized and impowered to* execute upon the faid river flloref* °n	Thames* or on any (here adjoining thereto; and for that purpofe |

*	they, and every of them, is and are hereby authorized, impow-

ered, and required, at all times in the day lime, to go on board any (hip, vcflel, boat, or craft, in the faid river, for apprehending any fuch offender or offenders who shall be named in any fuch offender,when warrant or warrants: and on any iuch offender or offenders taken, to be being apprehended, he, (he, or they (hall, with all convenient carried*t>efore ty®** be c*med before fome justice or juftices of the peace, hav-iome juftice, ing jurifdiAion in the premifles; and every fuch justice and ju-whoistofum. ftices, within his and their refpeAive jurifdiAion, is and are nton witneflei hereby authorized and required to fummon witnefles within ju-and'^xarnme’ r^hAion °f fuch justice or juftices, as shall be defired, on either them on oath, fide, and, on their appearance, to examine them on oath (and * which oath any fuch justice and juftices is and are hereby authorized and required to adminifter) touching the premifles, and thereupon to hear and determine the fame* and to give fuch judgment in the premifles as shall be juft, and according to the roean-Ptnaltv on *ng ^ this a& : and in cafe the party or parties accufed shall be conviction, comiAed, upon the proper knowledge or view of the justice may be levied or juftices, of any offence cognizable by this aA, or upon or by by diitrefs and the oath of any credible witnefs, or by his, her, or their own *alc'	confeffion, and the penalty thereby incurred or forfeited shall not

immediately be paid on foch conviction, the feme shall be tc-cove.ed and levied by diftrefs and fale, in the like<mahner as. any

of

1759*3 Anno tficefimo fee an do Georgii II. c. 16.	449

of the penalties incurred and forfeited by the firft-recited a<ft are thereby <hre6fced to be recovered and levied by diftrefs and fale;

■ and in cafe fufficient diftrefs cannot be found whereon the fame for want maybe recovered and levied, then fuch justice or juftices (hall, by warrant under his hand and feal, or their hands and feals, com-	com-

mit theperfonor persons who shall be fo convicted to the haule mitted. of corredioitof the county, city, orpiace, where Auch any offender shall be apprehended, there to remain, without bait or main-prize, and be kept to hard labour, for any time not exceeding one month, or until payment (hall, before that time, be made, of the pecuniary penalties or forfeitures, or compofition shall be made and accepted for the fame.

XIX.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaded and de- Inhabitants dared, That any inhabitant of the parilh or place in which deemed com-any offence againft this ad shall be committed, (hall, notwith- wlt* Handing fuch inhabitancy, be a good and competent witnefs.

XX.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Where wit-That if any person who shall be fo fummoned as a witnefs or nefles refute to witnefles, as aforefaid, before any justice or juftices, shall refufe

or negled to appear at the time by fuch fummons appointed, m^fd, * and no juft caufe shall be offered for fuch negle&orrefufal; then *

(after proof on oath of fuch fummons having been duly ferved upon the party or parties* fo fumiponed) every fuch justice warrants are and juftices is and are hereby authorized and required to iffue tobeifluedout .hisor their warrant under his hand and teal* or their hands and againft them} feds, to bring every fuch witnefs or witrtefle* before any justice or justice : and if any fuch witnefs or witnefles, on his or.herandwherethey ! appearance, or being brought before airy fuch justice or juftices, re^£eri*°

, shall refute to be examined on oath concerning the premifles, JjJJ ^be y , without offering fome juft excufe for fuch refufal, any fuch justice committed.

, or juftices, within the limits of his or their refpedbu* jurifdic-tion, may, by warrant under his hand ahd feal, or their hands , and teals, commit any, person or persons fo refufing to be exa-, xnihed to the houfe of correction of the county, city* pr place, where any fuch person shall be apprehended, there to remain for any time not exceeding one month, nor lefs than one week, as any fuch justice or juftices shall diredt.

XXI.	Provided always, and be it further enadted, That every Penalty of ( person who shall be fummoned to appear and give evidence be- w*tncrs.

, fore a justice or juftieds of the peace, concerning any offence cog- th^umnfoni , nizable before him or them by this adt, and shall refufe or ne- 0r refufing to gledi to appear according to fuch fuKttnOns, or appearing, shall give evidence,

! refufeto give evidence, without offering fome juft caufe} to be allow. 4° ••

, ed of by fuch justice or juftices, in excufe for fuch negledt or refute!, (hall, on beingconvi&ed thereof by fuch justice or juftices, forfeit and pay for every fuch negledt or refufal the sum of forty < (hillings; to be recovered ai*d levied by diftrefs and fale of the ^ \>t recover-goods and chattels of the party cOnvidted of any fuch negledt or ed by diftsefs refufal, in like manner asany oftier pecuniary penalty incurred aud fale, under this adt is hereby directed to be recovered and levied; and an<j ovef that all money fo forfeited, (hall, when recovered, be paid and for the ufe of

Vol. XXII.	G g	applied	the poor of

the parifk}





4|o	Anno	triccfimo secundo Georgii II. C. 16.	[1759.

applied for the afe of the poor the parilh or place in which am but oath U to fuch mghd or refufal shall be made; but that no warrant (hail toe made of be figned by a justice or juftice* of the peace for committing to “ithTncnSw, houfe °> coirediion any perion who shall be coavidhed of fadi and want of7’ neglect or refufal as aforefaid, until it (hail have been, proved, diftrda, be- by oath, to the fatisfadiion of fitch justice or junices, that the mo-fore warrant my forfeited by fuch nnlsft or nfulal bad not been paid 1 and mrm kTiJwh likewife that no fuficient diftrefs can be found, within the ju-rifdi&ion of fuch justice or juftices, whereon the meaty feited may be recovered and levied.

XXII.	And it is hereby further enadted. That in cafe any per-back*war-r *°n again^ whom * warrant (halt be iffiied by any justice or js-rantt of ap- ftices before or after cenvidtton as aforefiud, for any ofibnee a-ptrhenfion or gainft this adt, shall efcape, go into, refide, or be in any other ' w;here county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place,out of the ju-or ood" (hall	of fuch per (on granting fetch warrant or wanamsasafoR-

be out of the $ or if the goods and chattels of any offender oonviAed of juri&iaion of any offbnee in purfuance of this aft, shall be in a different cotm-. the person firft jy, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, than when granting the ^ fay party wa? convidled, or warrant of diftvefa granted; it m{ shall and may be lawful for any justice of die peace cdt the comfy, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, tar place, into which (uch person shall efcape, either before or after oanvidb'on, or where his goods and chattels shall be after fuch conwdtion; and they and every of them are hereby requited, upon proof made upon oath of the hand writing of any justice or juftices granting fetch warrant or warrants, to indorfe his or their name or names on fuch wanrant; and the fame, when ib indoried, shall be a fufficient authority to aU peace officers to execute fuch warrant in fuch other county, ruling, divifion, city, town, or place, out of the jurifedl&ion of the person or persons granting and may hear the faid warrant: and any justice or iuftices refpe&ively, an the and determine offender or offenders being apprehended and brought before him thecomplaint, or them within their repetitive jurifdiftions, may proceed to hear offender to the an^ determine the complaint in the fame manner as if it had justice who originally arofe within his or their refpedtive jurifdidtions, or granted the may diredl the offender or offender* to be carried to the justice original war- or juftices who granted the original warrant, to be deak with nat"	according	to law.

XXIIL And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the justice or juftices before whom any person shall be con-< •	vi<ftcd in manner preferibed by this aft, shall caufc every fuch

convi&ion to be drawn up in the form or to the effedt foUmning;

Form of con- 7> wit, \ "D E it rememheretTbit en the 5 JD	in the	year	his

prefent	Majeftfs , A. B. before

of bis Majefty's of the peace for the county »j or for the city of (as the safe Jball happen to be) for ■and	do adjudge him, her, or

this





I759*] Anno tricesimo secundo Georoii II. C. 16.	451

third (as the cafe Jhail be) to fay and forfeit for the fame 1	the	fm	of

1	Givert	ttndet	the	day	and

year aforefaid.

XXIV. And bt it farther erfafttd by the authority aforefaid, So Certiorari 1 That no Certiorari, or other writ or procefs, for removal of any ifluable to re-flich conviction, or any proceedings thereon, into any of his move the con-1 Maj*fty*s Cburis of record art fVefimlnfrer, shall be allowed or ciedinm pr°" t granted; and dwt no person who shall be profecuted under this thereon, i skSf for arty offence committed againft the fame, and who shall None to be ; be thereupon convicted, shall be profecuted or convicted for any Pr°fc^ted a 1 ftJdr offence by or under any other law whatfoever.	for°the fwne

i XXV. And be it further etoaCted by the authority aforefaid, offence, i That all pecuniary penalties and forfeitures which shall incur Applicationof I rfnd become payable under at by throe of this aCt (the applica- thc Pc«alt,e?»

, cdtfon whereof to not herein before directed) (hall, whenreco- dire^ed^ow*

, Covered, go and be* applied in manner following 5 that is to fay, to be applied.

, Where any pcrfon or pfeffbns (haH be conviCted under the au-. thority of this aft* ot the view of any justice or juftices, then 1 the whole money forfeited (halt go to the poor of the parifti or place wheTe foeh offence shall be committed 5 ahd where any person or pefrfons (halt be convicted by the oath of one or more credible witnefe or witnefles, or his, her, or their own con-feflion, for any offence againft: this aCt not done on the river Thames, one moiety of the penalty fo forfeited shall go to the 1 poor of the pari(h or place where any fuch offence shall be committed, and the other moiety thereof to or for the ufe of the person or’perfons on whofe information any fuch offenderor offenders shall be convicted; and where the party or parties shall be convicted for any offence committed againft this aft on the (aid river Thames, then one moiety of the penalty forfeited shall go to, and be applied for, the benefit of the poor of the faid corporation of Trinity Houfe,mA the other moiety thereof to the person or persons on whofe information any person shall be convicted for any offence committed againft this aft on the faid river Thames.

XXVI.	Provided neverthetefs, and it is hereby alfo enafted, juftices may That it shall be lawful to and for any justice or jufticesof the mitigate the peace who shall cohvift any offender or offenders againft this P^l^es, aft, from time to time, as he or they shall fee caufe, to mitigate or leffen any of the forfeitures or penalties incurred by any fuch conviftron, as any fuch justice or juftices in his or their difcre-tion shall think fit, fo as fuch mitigation doth not extend to re- fo as not to mit above one moiety of the penalty forfeited by any fuch con- remit above viftion ; and on the payment by the person or persons who shall °/lc moiety have been fo convicted of the fum to which any fuch penalty ortbcrcof' forfeiture shall be fo leflened or mitigated, the person or persons • who shall have been fo convifted, shall be acquitted and dif-charged of, from, and againft, the penalty or forfeiture incurred by any fuch conviftion.



XXVII. Pro-



452	Anno	tricefimo	fecundo Georgii II. c. 16. [1759.

Perfons - XXVII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enadted, That gnevcd,a&a if 2ny person or persons shall find himfelf or themfelves ag-may appeal to grieved, or remain unfatisfied, in the judgment or determina-the general or tion of any justice or juftiees as aforefaid, then fuch person or 2onstCr Pcff°ns shall or may, by virtue of this adt, Complain or appeal °ns *	to the juftiees of the peace at the next general or general quar-

ter feflions of the peace which shall be held for the county, city, or place, wherein fuch offence shall be Committed, who are hereby impowered to fummon and examine witneffes upon oath, the determi- and to hear and determine the matter of every fuch appeal 9 and natbioilth[re which determination shall be final, and shall not be rernoveabie Penalties and hy Certiorari orotherwife, into any other court; and in cafe coftsa varded, of convidtion, to iffue a warrant for levying or compelling, by tube levied by the means by this adt preferibed, the payment of the penalties diftrefs $ and forfeitures hereby incurred, and the rcafonable charges on any fuch appeal, if fuch charges at any fuch feflions shall be a-and for want warded; and in cafe of nonpayment, to commit the offender offende^to beor °®5nc*crs> on whofc goods no fufficient diftrefs can be commited? C ma(^cs t0 the houfe of corredlion of the county, city, or place, where any Cctch offender shall be apprehended* there to remain without bail or mainprise, and be kept to hani labour, for any time not exceeding one month, or until payment (hall, before that time, be made, of the pecuniary penalty or forfeiture incurred, and the rcafonable charges of every fucb appeal, if the fame at any fuch general or general quarter fefiion of the peace, shall be Ordered to be paid, or compofition (haii be made and accepted for fuch penalty or forfeiture and charges.

XXVIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority afore-

Comnience- fey ^hat the several claufes, powers, penalties, forfeitures, ment ana con*	.	.	.	.	f	r	.

tinuance of provifions, ahd matters, herein before contained, shall confc-

this adt, nue in force and be executed from and after the refpedtive commencements thereof, until the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand feven hundred and feventy, and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion of parliament.

Limitation of XXIX. And it is hereby further enadted and declared, Thai actions.	any	fait	or	adtion shall be brought or profecutedagainftany per-

fon or persons for any thing done or to be done in purAiance o; this adt; in every fuch c$le, the adtion or fuit shall be commenced within fix months after the fadt committed, and not afterwards ; and shall be laid or brought in the county, city, or I place, where the caufe of adtion arifes, and not clfewhere; and I the defendant or defendants in fuch adtion or fuit may plead the General iflue. general iffue, not guilty, and give this adt and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the, fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this adt;( and if it shall appear fo to be done, or if any fuch adtion or fuit| shall be brought after the time limited for bringing the fame, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants ; or it the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall becdtfte nonfuited, or fuffer a dii-centinuance of his, her, or their adtjon or adtions, or if a ver-(hall pais sgainft the plgiqtiflf or plaintiffs* or if* upon demurrer-*



* 1759*3 Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 17.	453

murrer, judgment shall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have treble cofts, and have Treble cofts. fuch remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have for cofts of fuit in other cafes by law.

XXX. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Publick aft. That this adl shall be deemed and taken to be a publick adt; and all judges, juftices, and other perions, are to take notice hereof.

CAP. XVII.

An aB for obviating a doubt with refpeB to the fummoning of persons for offences committed againft, or forfeitures incurred by, the laws of excife.

WHEREAS it has been doubted? where the commissioners of Preamble.

excife and juftices of the peace have refpettively iffued out any fummons for the appearance of persons offending againft, or for forfeitures incurred by, the laws of excife, or other laws made for col-letting andfecuring the several other duties under the management of the commifftoners of excife, which hath been left at the houfe or ufual place of refidence, or with the wife? child, or menial fervant of fuch perfons? whether the fame Jhould be deemed and adjudged a good and fufficient fummons? and as legal and effectual a notice, as if the fame had been actually delivered to the proper hands of fuch person or perfons? to whom the fame was or were directed: now, in order to put an end to fuch doubt 5 be it hereby enadted by the King's moft excellent maiefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par- Summons lefc liament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That every ** tl’e fuch fummons, fo left as aforefaid, shall be deemed to be a good 0f refidence and fufficient fummons, and a^ legal and effedtual a notice, as of the party, if the fame had been adtually delivered to the proper hands of deemed legal fuch persons to whom the fame was by name diredted.	notice.

II. And for the future, it is hereby enadted. That in all cafes jn ajj cafcs rc. relating to the excife, or to any of the other duties, which now rating to ,the or hereafter may be under the management of the commiffion- wile, /um-ers of excife (except where particular provifions and diredtions are or shall be enadted f for fummoning offenders, or for con- rigbt or * demning of feizures made from persons unknown) the leaving aflumed name, fuch fummons at the houfe, workhoufe, warehoufe, (hop, cel- or left at his lar, vault, or ufual place of refidence of fuch person or persons, ^ifidcnce^ °* diredted to fuch person or persons, by his, her, or their right or	WQ

,adorned name or names* shall be deemed to be, and is hereby notice, declared to be, as legal and effedtual a notice and fummons, to Exception: all intents and purpofes, as if the fame was perfonally given or delivered to or into the hands of the party or parties for whom the fame shall be defigned, and as if the fame was diredted to the party or parties to and for wfiom the fame shall be defigned, by his, her, or their, proper nauie or names.

G g 3	^	CAP.





1*54	^159	trfe&no JGfcyncjlp £eo$g*i A j 8.	t^-759*

GAP. XV«L yf« /<? continue fo much of m aS tnqdp in the nineteenth year of the reign of bis present Mqjqfty* tfs relates ta> tbt further fuwjbtpent of performs going firpted or difg#iff& r* dpfam of tbt laws of ettfioms or ex rife \ and to the rtbtf of the officers of the cujloms in informations upon fei%uns \ and to appropriate certain penalties mentioned in an a3 , made in the lajl feffiop of pafliaspept, fop tbt due mttkrig ; of bntfid v and to regulate the prife apd fijfm thereof i find . to punifhperfons who fhaU adulterate QtpkffW* <f* breed- !

p * m	\T 7 HE RE AS the law here after mentioned, hath, by

r c. W rience, been found ufeful, and beneficial, and is near expiring : may it therefore pleafe your Majesty, that it may be enafted; and be it enabled by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afleraUed, and by the authority of the fame, That fo much of an aft made in the Aft jo Geo a. nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

9	*	An act for toe further punifbment of persons going armed or difguifti,

in defiance of the laws of cujloms or excife; and for indemnifying offenders egainft tbofe laws, upon the terms therein mentioned; and for relief of officers of the cujloms in informations upon feizurts, which aft was to continue in force for the fpacc of feven years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; as relates to the further punilhment of persons going armed or difguifed, in defiance of the laws of customs or excife, 2nd to the relief of officers of the customs in informations upon feizqrts; which, by an aft made in the twenty fixth year or the reign of liis faid Majesty, was further continued from the expirapea thereof until the twenty fourth day of June one thou&nd feven hundred and fifty eight, and from thence to the-end of the then farther conti. next session of parliament, shall be further continued from the nued to 29	expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September 00c

8 pr. 1764..	thoufand feven hundred and forty four, and fiom thence to the

end of the then next session of parliament,

II. And whereas several of the penalties or forfeitures made payable by an act paffed in the thirty firfl year of bis prefini; Majesty \ Aft 31 Geo, *. reign, intituled\ An act for the due making of bread? and to regulate the price and affize thereof; and to puniftl persons who shall adulterate meal, flour or bread; were noth} fitch faid mentioned ail appropriated how or to whom the fame jhould, when paid or recovered,go or be diflributed; be it therefore further enafted Diftributionof by the authority aforefaid, That fuch of the penalties or for-priated ^ penal- ^e,tures which, from and after the twenty fourth day of Juneonc ties and for- thousand feven hundred and fifty nine, shall incur or become futures under payable by or under the faid laft mentioned aft, or by reafbn of tue faid aft; any thing therein contained (as by the faid aft are not particu-

lariy



455

| 1759.] Anno trioefimo secundo GeoRGII II. c. 19.

i larly dUpofed of, or appropriated, how or to whom the fame „

! (hould go or be applied) fhalj, when the fame shall be recovered or paid, go* and be diftributed, in manner following; that is to Qnt .

I fay. One moiety thereof, where any offender or offenders shall l^\0 the^ro" I be conviAcd, either by bis, her, or their own confeffion, or by fecutor, where I the oath of one or more credible witnefe or witnefles, ftiall go the offender I and be paid to the person or persons who shall inform againft,	Coath

j apd protccute to conviAion, any fuch offender or offenders; and & fcjf confef-1 the other moiety thereof, and alfo all penalties and forfeitures, fan?

* which, from the faid twenty fourth day of June one thousand and the other I feven hundred and fifty nine, shall incur, be due, or payable,

; under the faid laft mentioned aA, on the weighing, trying, or on\!Sghing,

I feieure of any bread, by any maeiftrate or magiftrates, luftice or trying, or ju dices, shall go and be applied for the better carrying into exe- feizure of ' curion the purposes of the faid laft mentioned aA, as any fuch magistrate or magiftrates, iuftiee or juftices, within his or their jJJc^purpofes 1 refpeAivc juriCii&ion, (hall, from time to time, think fit, and as the magi-i order.	\	ftrate (hall

!	cap.	xix.	*bink&t'

1 An aSt to explain and amend an a&paffed in the thirtieth year 1	ef his present Majesty s reign, for granting to bis Majefty

feveral rates and duties upon indentures, leafes, bends, and other deeds; and upon newspapers, advertifements, and almanacks \ and upon licences for retailing trine; and other purpefes in the faid alt mentioned ; fo far as the fame relates to feme provifions with regard to licences for retailing, wine; and to preferve the privileges of the two univerjities in that part 0/Great Britain called England, with refpell to licences for retailing wine.

WHEREAS by an alt pajfed in the thirtieth year ef bis Preamble.

prefent Majefty's reign, intituled, An aA for granting to AA 30 Geo. s. his Majesty several rates and duties upon indentures, leafes, bonds, and other deeds; and upon news papers, advertifements, and almanacks; and upon licences for retailing wine; and upon coals exported to foreign parts; and for applying from a certain time the fums of money arifingfrom the furplus of the duties on licences for retailing fpirituous liquors ; and for railing the sum of three millions by annuities, to be charged on the laid rates, duties, and fums of money; and for making perpetual an aA made in the (econd year of the reign of his preient Majesty, intituled, An alt for the better regulation f attornies and Jolicitors; and for enlarging the time for filing afr- lavits of the execution of contraAs of clerks to attornies and folicitors ; and alfo the time for payment of the duties omitted to be paid for the indentures and contraAs of clerks and apprentices; it was amongft other Recital of a things entitled, That from and after the fifth day of July one thousand cUule in the feven hundred and fifty feven, no person whatsoever, un'efis authorized faid aA. and enabled, by tatting out fuch licence as is therein preferibed, fubjett

G g4	/.



45^	Anno	tricefimo	fecundo	GeoRGH II. c. 19.	[1759.

to the payment ofjuch duties as are therein refpeftive'ty charged thereupon, Jhould fell or utter by retail (that is) by the pint, quart, pottle, or gallon, or by any other greater or lejfer retail meafure, or in bottles, in any left quantity than should be equal to the meajure of the cask or vejfel in which the fame Jbould have been or might lawfully be imported, any kind of wine or wines, or any liquor called or reputed wine, upon pain to forfeit for every fuch off erne, the sum of one hundred pounds: And whereas the (aid penalty of one hundred pounds tnflifted by the faid recited aft of the thirtieth year of his present Majejhfs reign, on allperfons felling wine, or other liquor tailed or reputed wine, by retail, without a licence, in many inflances is found to be attended with great inconvenience, arid the greatejl circumfiances of hardjbip, and fcarce ever to be recovered, on account of the largenefs thereof-, and which faid penalty the commijf oners for management of the faid duties are not invejled with any power to mitigate: now therefore, be The commif. it enabled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with fioners are im- the advice and confent of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and powered to commons, in this present parliament aflembled/and by the an-Seirdifcre- thority of the fame, That it shall and may be lawful to and for tion, the iool. the commiflioners for management of the faid duties, or any two penalty in the of them, where they shall fee caufe, to mitigate or leflen the faid recited Claude; penalty of one hundred pounds already incurred, or hereafter to be incurred by all or any person or persons whatsoever, by virtue or in confequence of the faid recited adt of the thirtieth year of his present Maiefty’s reign, as they in their discretion, shall but the cods think (it; the reasonable cofts and charges of the officers and in-ar.d charge* formers, as well in making the difcovery, as in the profecution . * “ informa* Qf the famc^ being always allowed over and above fuch mitiga-[ lT £[° c’ tion; any thing contained in any former adt of parliament to me -i to be allow- contrary notwithftanding.

ed over and a- II. And whereasdoubts and difficulties havearifenon the fendreesied mi aft oft he thirtieth year of his present Majejiy's reign, whether wine

5a 1 n#	merchants and other per Jons applying for a number of tvim licences at

cue time, for enabling divers persons to fell wine by retail, were or are intitled to the benefit of the frjeral difcounls, drawbacks, and allowances, ufually made and allowed to persons paying for a number of Jlamps at the fame time, amounting to ten pounds; arid upwards: Now therefore, for obviating fuch doubts and difficulties for the future, be it enadted by the authority a forefaid,Th*atno person or persons wfiatfoever paying for any number of wine licences at

ce* "tcTteal1* Cne anc* ^amc t,mc» or at ^ffc,ent times, shall be intitled to 1 a * any difeount, drawback, or allowance whatfbever, for or on account of fuch payment for any number of wine licences whatfo-ever; but that the faid duty irhpofed by the faid in part recited a£t of the thirtieth year of his present Majesty’s reign on wine licences, shall be paid by all persons applying for the feme, clear of all difeounts, drawbacks, and allowances whatfoever; any thing contained in any former ad\ of parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

1(1. And be it further enacted by tl^e authority 3fbrefaid, That person or persons whatfoever beertfed, pr to beticenfed, by ‘ *	vir-

No difeount or drawback of the duty

lo*ed on tak ing out any number thereof.

 

1759*3 Anno tricesimo fccundo Georoii II. c. 2o.	457

virtue of the faid in part recited a<ft of the thirtieth year of his One licence to present Majeft/s reign, to retail wine, (hall, by virtue of one licence, keep more than one place, houfe, (hop, vault, cellar, Retailers to warehoufe, or other place, for felling or uttering wine by retail; have the word and that every retailer of wine shall caufe the word WINE to be	cx’

written or exprefled in legible characters, either on a fign hung fans or out, or in fome vifible place in or near the door in the front of houfes, &c. his or her houfe, (hop, vault, cellar, warehoufe, or other place, made ufe of for the retailing of wine, to denote that fuch retailer is a dealer in wine, and fubjeCt and liable to take 0„ pcniUty of out a licence for the retailing thereof; and if any person or iol. persons shall prefume to fell or utter wine by retail, without fixing or hanging out fuch token as aforefaid, every person fo offending (nail, for every fuch offence, forfeit the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered in the fame manner as the penalty inflicted op persons for felling wine by retail without licence is di- fubjc<9t hptp-reCted to be recovered; fubjeCt neverthclefs to the like power of e.vcr mjt*g** mitigation to be exercHed by the commiflioners of ftamp duties, coimifl^ners as in this aCt is before referved and prefcribed with regard to the penalty for felling wine by retail without licence.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enaCted by the autho- privileges of rity aforefaid. That nothing in this or any former aCt of parlia- the two uni-ment, relating to wine licences, shall in any wife be prejudicial verfities refer-to the privileges of the two univerfities in that part of Greatvcd tothcrA* Britain called England, or either of them, or to the chancellors or fchhlars of the fame, or their fucceflors, but that they may ufe and enjoy fuch privileges as they have heretofore lawfully ufed and enjoyed; any thing to the contrary thereof in any wife not-withftanding.	1

CAP. XX.

An act for enforcing the execution of the laws relating to the militiaj and for removing certain difficulties, and preventing inconveniencieSy attetwngy or which may attend, the fame.

WHEREAS certain counties, ridingsy and places, within that Preamble.

part of Great Britain called England, have made fome pro-grefs in ejlabkftnng the militiay according to the regulations and directions of an aft paffid ip the thirtieth year of his Majtjiy's retign3 inti- Aft 30 Geo. 1. udedy An aCt for the better ordering of the militia forces in the several counties of that part of Great Britain called England^ and of an aft paffid in the thirty firft year of his Majesty s reign* intitu- and ji Geo. 2. kdy An aCt to explain, amend, and enforce the fajd aCt j but have not yet cotnpleted the fame: And wbereaSy in certain other counties^ The recited ridingsy and placeSy little progrefs has been made therein\ bis Maje- and this jlys lieutenantr, and the deputy lieutenants9 and all others within Juch counties y ridingsy and placesy are hereby Jlriftly required fpeedily and J^d/execu.0 diligently to put the faid afts, and ffris afty in execution: And,for non in fuch removing certain difficulties y and preventing inconveniencic^ at tending y counties, Arc* or which may attends tb* epytut&n $ the faid afts\ be it-cnaCted by the Ring’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and bee^diade *

COO- tnerem.





45*

Aon? tricc&mo fitcuodoGKOJWii II. c.io. [1759.

the deputy lieutenants.

SuSdivifion

con fern of the lord* fpiritual and temporal, and fawwona, in this present parliament affeajbkd, and by thp authority of the A general fame. That in every county, riding, and place, within the part meeting to be Qf	Gnat Britain aforofaid, it (hail be lawful far his hdajeuy’s

lieufcsnaot tqgeshcr wkh any two or more deputy lieuleaaats, r^ulatmg the and on the death or removal, or in the ablcnce, of his Majcfiy’s fuSdivifioH lieutenant, or the deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of meetings of them, at a general meeting to be held after reafonable notice thereof given by his M^jcfty lieutenant, or by any two deputy lieutenants, to appoint fubdivifions of the deputy lieutenants within their refpeftivc counties^ ridings, aad places, aaid the tipaes and place* for their tirft meetings within the bii futxKvi-fions i and oho to change or alter fuch fobdivifions* or any fub-meetings may divi^on or fubdivifions now appointed therein, whenever they shall find it coavenieru fo to do; any thing in theiaid a&s, or found convc. either of them, cewtaiaed to the contrary ootwithflandiqg. niem.	And	be it enaded, That if it Sail happen that there {hah

When a foffi- not appear at any fobdivifion meeting, « wfficient number of rifn* "ur"ber deputy lieutenants, aad juftices of the peace, to ad, the clerk appear at any	mect'ng	(hall, by notice given in writing to aU the deputy

fubdiviTiwn 1 lieutenants within fuch fobdivifion, appoint another meeting to meeting, the be held within fourteen days, at the fame place where fisch meet-clerk ia to ing had been before appointed to he held, giving at kail rive another meet-	fast O®t*0C thereof,

ing to be held within i4day> after.

Deputy lieu- JU* And be it cna&ed, That the deputy lieutenants, or any tenants and three or more of then, or any two deputy lieutenants, together juftices are with any one justice of the peace, of any one deputy lieutenant, annually to together with any two iuftices of the peace, in their several fiib-defLribed by* dhrifions, shall annually ceofe the lifts of fuch persons in the Aft 31 Geo. a. several parishes, tythines, and places, within the lame, as are in to be returned the Aid *£t palled in the thirty firft year of hisMajefty’s reign to them fo described, to be made, and to be returned to them at their meet-(ion meerineV “’S* •hbin the re^x&ive fubdivifions, on fuch days, and at sc the times * fuch places, itfpe&ively, as his Majesty’s lieutenant, together and places ap- with any two or more deputy lieutenants, or on the death or pointed at the removal, or in the tbfence, of his Majesty’s heutenaat, dny foe*'* meCt* t*,ree more deputy lieutenants, food, at« general meeting, and’all other appoint; and that in the ordering, making out, and difpofing the regula- of, fuch lifts, and copies thereof, and ulfo in all particulars fab-tions, provi- fequent to fuch firii return lb made, fo much of the (aid laft-1 rations of the "'entioned a<5t as relates to the method tobeobferved in retum-faid aft, fubfe- ing, amending, and difpofing of, the find lifts, and copies quern thereto, thereof, and to the appointing, chooflng, fummoning, and and required inrolling, the militia men, and their fubnitutes, and admini-■° foeveai-^CT,n8 t*ieoat*1 therein dire6ted to be taken, and to the punilh-»7j«, are to 'ng persons refufing or negleSing to take the faid oath, or to b. duly com- provide fabftitutes, and to the exemption of certain persons plied with, ' from fervirtg m the militia, and t©'the appointing general meet-ings, md all fobdivifion meetings after the faid lira fubdivifion Zb requWc; meetings,-’and is-by the (aid Stt required to be observed in the ’	•	year

1759,.]	Anno tricesimo secundo Gborgh H	459

year pne thpuf^nd feven hundred and fifty eight; Ibafi be otw Served and executed, either in the whole, or in part, as the cgft lhall require, until all the regulations, provifions, and directions, therein and herein contained, and which relate to the pwrpofe* . , aforefaid, be fully completed and performed: and that thereafter the mShodTn the method in the faid aft, and this aft, preferibed for the per* this and the formance of all the particulars here mentioned, shall be annually raid aft pre-obferved for and during the continuance thereof.	(bribed, is to

IV.	And be it enafted, That each person liable to ferve in	y

the militia having more than one place of refidence, shall be Militia man deemed to be, and shall ferve as, a militia man within the having more county, riding, or place, where he shall have been firft chofenby

lot.	dence to

V.	And be it enafted, That it shall be lawful for the mayors, fcrve where bailiffs, conftables, tythingmen, headboroughs, and other chief he was firft wiagiftrates and officers, of cities, towns, pari(hes, tythings, vil-

lages, and other places, within the part of Great Britain afore-

faid, and, in their default or abfence, for any one justice of the billet ferjeants

peace inhabiting in or near to any fuchcity, town, pari(h, ty- and drum-

thing, village, or place, and for no others, and they are hereby ™crs "*

required to quarter and billet the ferjeants and drummers ferving andaie-hou-1

in the militia, in inns, livery (tables, ale-houfes, viftualling- fCSf &c.

boufes, and all houfes of perlons felling brandy, ftrong waters,

cyder, or metheglin, by retail; the occupiers whereof are hereby Convenient

required to provide for fuch fefjeants and drummers, at foch lodging* to be

times for which no provifion has by law been made for thattound thcm# ✓

purpofe, convenient lodgings only.

VI.	Provided always, and be it enafted. That the eftates re* (Nullifications quifite for the qualification of the deputy lieutenants and officers ot officers in of the militia, in the ifle of Ely in the county of Cambridge* (hallthc ,flc E y * be as follows; a deputy lieutenant shall be feifed or pofleffed, for a deputy cither in law or equity* for hi6 own ufe and benefit* in po&ifion lieutenant of a freehold, copyhold, or cuftomory estate for lifo or for feme yo°l- P*r *im* greater eftate, or of an estate for fome longterm of years, determinable on onp or more lift or lives, or of an estate for a certain term, originally granted for twenty years, or more, and renewable* over and above all rents and charges payable one of, or in refpeft of, the fame* in manors, meffiiages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in England* IValeor the town of Berwick upon Tweedy of the yearly value of two hundred pounds \ a captain shall be, in like manner, feifed or poffeiled of a hke estate for a captain as aforefaid, of the yearly value of one hundred pounds ; or be tool. per aniu heir apparent of a person who shall be, in like manner, feifed or poueffed of a like estate as aforefcid, of the yearly value of t\yo hundred pounds; a lieutenant or enfign (hail be, in like for a i;eute-manper, feifed or poffeffed of a like estate as aforefeid, of the nant or enfign yearly value of fifty pounds ; or be heir apparent of a person who 5°1« P*r ann. dull be, in like manner, feifed or poffeiled of a like estate as aforefaid, of thc yearly value of one hundred pounds: one half of A moiety ot all which eftates refpeftively shall be fituateorarifing within theall cftalcs to faid WJe; and in cafe any person shall aft as a deputy lieutenant, aHfineawnt°hin

or the laid ifte.

 

4$o	Anno	tricefimo	fecundo	GtoRGli	II. C. 21.	[	1759-

penalty of or officer of the militia, in the (aid ifle, who shall not be re-notqualifi^l flp®®*vclyqualified as aforefaid, every fuch person shall be fubjeft **	*	and liable to the fame penalties and forfeitures as any person is

fubjeft and liable to foraging as a deputy lieutenant or officer of the militia, within any other part of the faid county of Cam-bridge, not being qualified according to the dire&ions of the faid recited a<Sts; any thing therein contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

Continuance	VII. Provided always, and be it enabled. That this ad (hall

of the aft.	an(j remajn *m force, for and during the continuance of the

faid recited afts, and no longer.

CAP. XXI.

An act for applying the money granted in this feflion of parliament, towards defraying the charge of pay and cloathing for the militia, from the thirty firft day of December one thousand feven hundred and fifty eight, to the twenty fifth day of March one thousand feven hundred - and fixty.

Preamble. Treafury to repay the 1,33a!. ics. advanced by his Majefiy, in purfuance of the add refs from the commons. The money received to be accounted for to the receivers general of the land tax. Treasury, upon certificate that the number of officers and private men required in a regiment or battalion, are inrolled,&c. are to iffue warrants to the receivers general for pay of the militia, four months in advance. The rates of pay to the adjutant) to non-commiffion officers, and private men j to the clerk of the battalion or regiment; apd to the clerks of the general or iubdivifion meetings: rates for cloathing* Warrant to be delivered to the lieutenant of every county, $:c. wherethe rqilitia has been already cloathed, for payment of the rates for the additional cloathing, Warrants alio tq be iffiied for making the regular payments and iflues, without new certificates from the lieutenants or deputy lieutenants for that purpofc. The money to be paid tovthe clerks pf the battalions, and four months pay in advance, to be paid within 14. ijavs alter the expiration of every three months. Clerks receipts to be a difenarge to the receivers general. Clerk to pay one month's pay in advance to the adjutant, 14 days to the ferjeant major and drum major, and two months in advance to each captain for his company. Captain to account yearly to the clerk for the pay of his company, and pay over the balance$ money allowed for contingent ex-pences, excepted) which is alfo to be accounted for annually, but the balance to be applied to the general ufe of the battalion. Clerk to retain money to make good his own falary; and difeharge the cloathing account. Allowance of 5I. 58. to be paia to thederks of the general meetings, and of il. is. to the clerks of the fubdivifion meetings, tor each meeting. Clerk of the battalion to give fecurity. The bond to be lodged with the receiver general, and on nonperformance of the conditions to be put infilit by him, who is to receive full cofts of fuit, and 5I. percent, of ybemaney recovered thereon 3 refidue to be accounted for to the auditor r,	of the exchequer. Clerk ot the battalion to render an account to the re-

ceiver general of the monies received and disburfed, with vouchers for the . fame, and pay over the balance; the faid account to be tranfmitted to the auditor. Lieutenant neglefting to take proper fecurity, or lodge the fame with the receiver general, is made anfwerabfe for any k>(s of tne publick money. Recovery of penalties, Sec. No Ice to be paid for ifluing warrants for payment of money.

CAP,



*759-3 Anno tricesimo secundo GeoRGII II. c. 22.	461

'	r	*	}	.	t * 1 .	t	‘	.	j

:	T	,	CAP.	XXII.

-An act for adding ‘tertain annuities granted in the year one thoujand fev$ri hundred and fifty feven, to the joint flack of three per centum annuities% confclidated by the aits of the twenty fifths twentyeighth, and iwnib ninth, years [of his prefentMajefl/s reign; * and for carrying the fevered duties^	»

therein mentioned to the finking fund\ and for (barging the annuities on Jingle lives, granted in the year one thou-jand feven hundred and fifty feven, on the produce of the faidfund. ■	(	.

WHERE AS, in purfuanct of an aft of parliament made mD

the thirtieth year of his prefentMajeflfs reign, intituled,*™™ plnl} An act for granting to his Majesty several rates and duties upon:atf-oGCO< *, indenture^, leafes, bonds, and other deeds; and/upon news papers, advertjfepients, and almanacks; and upon,licences for retailing wipe^and jupon coals exported to foreign;palts; and .	!	~

(or applying, foracertaintime, the (urns of money arifing: fromthe furpluspf the,duties on licences forretailingipirituous: liquors.; and for raifxhg the fumof three millions, by .annuities, to be charged oh the faid rates, duties, and fums of money; and for making perpetual an a<$ njade in the.ftcoiwJ Jeaf of the — ?\*.' reignof, his present Majesty, intjtuled, An act for the fatter re* gulatjon ofattorniet and folicitory i, , and .for enlarging the time for \	'	•	'

ItliM affidavits of thejexccution of contca^Sof dcrka to attorniei apdfqlickorsv; andalfo thetime for payment of the duties omitted to bqpaid for the indentures and contra&£<of cjcrkaahd appren-; tices; several persons, bodies politick or ,ccrpor4te.j hafy.advanced/ and Ignt tb$ fum-pf three millions upon Jke credit of tinfiverdl rath, -'-r, * duties, and fums of money, by the faid Oft .granted, frcAkeXpuxchaft	/j

of annuities after the rate of three pounds	centum pecanntim, •	1

tranferrable at the bank 0/England* and redeemable by parliament; and alfo of annuit ies m Jingle lives, payable af the receipt of the exchequer in refpeft of the fame: and whereas it is thought neuffary that the faid principal fum of three millions Jhould be (with thervrfent of the proprietors thereof, to be fignifed within the time herein after mentioned) added to, end made a part of, the joint flock of three pounds per centum transferable annuities at the bank of England; and that the charges and expence $ in refpeft thereoffiould be charged upon, end paid out of, the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, until redemption thereof by parliament, in the fame and like manner as the annuities aforefaid are paid and payable; and that the several annuities on Jingle lives, payable at the exchequer in refpeft of theafart faid three millions, Jhould likewife be charged upon, and made payable out of,: the produce of the faid finking fund; and that the several rates, duties, and fums of money, which by the faid aft were made a fund for payment of the Jaid three pounds per centum annuities, as alfo ifthe several annuities on fingle lives, Jhould be carried to, and made a part of, the faid fund commonly called The Sinking Fund: may it

there-.

a



The fum of 3,ooo,oool. borrowed by virtue of the recited aft,

Anno tricesimo fecuncfo Ceorgii 11. c. 22. f 1	9.

therefore pleafe your mod excellent Majesty, that it may be enafted > and be it enafted by the King’s molt excellent majo-fty, by and with the advice and content of the lonfs fpiri^tuil and temporal, and commons* in this preterit parliament aticin-Wed, and by the authority of the feme. That from and after, the fifth day of January orte thousand feV£fi hundred add fifty nine, the principal fum of three millions borrowed by virtue of t be dded **** before recited aft* carrying an intlreft after the rale of by confent of t^ree^ pounds per untum per annum, payable at the bank of Eng-the proprie- land* (hall, with the confent of the proprietors as aforefaid, be tors, to the	‘ ,L	'v	*

joint (lock of 3I. per cent, coufolidated annuities transfcrrable at the bank$

added to, and mad! a part of, the joint (lock of three poudds per centum transfcrrable annuities at the bank of England, cortfo-Hdatod by the aft* made iti the twenty fifth, twenty eighth* and twenty ninth, years of his present MajeftyV reign, arid shall be transferable at the bank of England; and the charge and ex-peaces in refpeft thereof shall be charged upon, and ped out of, out of thcad t*l°	commonly called The Sinking fund, until redemption

finking fund: thereof by parliament, in the fame and like manner as the annuities consolidated as aforefaid are paid arid payable; any thing in the (aid aft made in the thirtieth year of his prddnt Majefty** reigu to the contrary thereof ki any wifc-noewith* (landing.

And fuch as II. And be it further eriafted by the authority aforefaid, That (hail not enter fuch proprietors who shall not, on or before the twentieth day their difient of June one thousand feven hundred and fifty nine, figtiify their itccT to beDC ^iflent to ft10*1 conlolidation as aforefaid, in books to be opened deemed affent- at the bank of England for that purpofe, fhaH be deemed ‘ and ing thereto, taken to aflent thereto* any thing to the contrary thereof in trtf wile notwithflanding.

The life annu- III. And be it further enaftfcd by the authority aforefaid, That Whereupon from and after the faid fifth day of January one thousand feven hundred and fifty nine, the several annuities ori fingle lives by the faid aft granted, payable at the exchequer in refpeft of the aforefaid three millions, shall be charged upon, and made payable out of, the produce of the faid fond commonly called The Sinking Fundi any thing to the contrary thereof in any wife not-withftanding.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, thTadfttfonal That all the monies which have arifen since the fifth day of %-ftamp duties, nuary one thousand feven hundred and fifty nine, or that shall or may hereafter arife, of the produce of the several additional (lamp duties on pamphlets and printed papers, the additional duty on coals exported, the furplus on the new duty on licences for retailing wine, and the furplus on the duties on licences for retailing fpirituous liquors, which were made a fond for payment of three pounds per centum per annum at the bank of England, wine licences, on three millions borrowed by virtue of the faid aft made in the and retailing thirtieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, towards the qKmnted fbpply or the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, by a&foGeo. 30 of the annuities on fingle lives, payable at the receipt of •.	the exchequer in refpeft of the fame, shall be carried to, and

made

to be alfo paid out of the finking fund.

tbe duty on coals exported, and furplus of the new duty on



*7590 Anno trictfimo ftctmdo Grorgii II, c. 33. made a part of, the fund commonly called Tbf Sinking Fund $ Life annuitie* amd tbe fame (baH be deemed and taken *0 b* part of the faid'1,rrt'uPon*'to finking fond, and' shall be 1 filled and applied to fuch ufes and JjJ® putpofea as the fevtrai ewcwfles, furplu fifes, or overplus monies, tund and ap. eompofitig the feid finking fiind, are or may he iffued. and ap- plied accord* plied; any thing in the faid before recited a<Sl to the contrary “’S'y* thereof in any wife notwhhfttirtding.

> CAP. XXIII.

/in all to centime Jh'eral lotos therein	relating	to

the allowing a drawback of the duties upon the exportation of copper bars imported •, to the encouragement of the flk yiMMf43ureSr\ and for taking off,feverol duties on chandize exported) and reducing other duties; the premium upon mofs, yards, and bewjprits, tar, pitch, and turpentine; to fhi encouraging the growth of coffee in bis Majejhf 's plantations in America *, to tbe fecuring the duties upon foreign made fail cloth, and charging foreign made fails with a duty; and for enlarging the time for payment »fthe duties omitted to be paid and contrails of	clerks, apprentices, or	and alfo

for making affidavits of the execution of articles or con- ■ trails of clerks to attornies or follicitors, and fling there-

WH E RE AS the law? herein after mentioned, which have by prcambie.

experience been found ufefld and bntefkiaU are near expiring: may it therefore pleafe your moit excellent MJaiefty, that it may be ena&ed; and be it enadted by tbe King’s trioft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual aiul temporal, and commons, in this ‘prifent parliament aflem-bled, and by the authority of the fame; That a clause inanadl	*n

made in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of his late maje-fty King William the Third, intituled. An a8 to fettle the trade to \ng toadraw-Africa 5 for allowing, during a limited time, a drawback of the back of tbe duties Upon the exportation of copper bars imported ; and duties upon which daufe was to continue in force for the term of thirteen ££?*** bars> years, and from thence to the end of the then next fefllon of 05 * parliament ; and which claufe, after the expiration thereof, was, by an ad* made in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, revived and continued; and alfo a provifo in the laft mentioned ad* contained. That no drawback foould be allowed on the exportation of any copper, but foch as had been or (hould be imported from the Eaft India and the coaft of Barbary only; and which faid clause and provifo, by several and theprovi-fubfequent adts of the thirteenth year of the reign of his late *°in *** majefty King George the Firft, and of the fifteenth and twenty lixth years of the reign of his present Majesty, were continued	*

until the twenty fourth day of Juncy one thousand fcven hun*

dred

 k^ooQle

464	Anno	tHccfimo fectindo GEorgii IL c.23. f 175$

dred and fifty eight, and from thence to the end of the then further conti- next feflion of parliament * shall be, and the lame are hereM nued to 14. further continued, from the expiration thereof, until the twenty] June, 1766. fourth day of Juney one thousand feven hundred and forty fix, and from thence to the end of the then next feifion of piuilament.

Part of aft II. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Thai ? Geo.i.relat- f0 mUch of an aft made in the eighth year of the reign of hit c^uragement *atc maJc^y King George the Firft, for the encouragement of of the fillc ma- die filk manufadures of this kingdom; and (or taking off fcve-oufa&ures, ral duties on merchandizes exported; and for reducing the do-further conti- ties upon beaver (kins, pepper, mace, cloves, and nutmegs, June n 6S imported; and for importation of all furs of the produdt of the J * 7 Britijh plantations, into this kingdom only; and that the two corporations of aflurance, on any fuits brought on their policies, shall be liable only to (ingle damages and cofts of iuit; as relates to the encouragement of the filk manufactures of this kingdom, and to the taking off several duties on merchandizes exported$ which was to continue in force for three years, from the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand feven hundred and twenty two, and from thence to the end of the then next feffioa of parliament; and which, by several fubfequent ads made in the Seventh year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, and in the fecond, eighth, fifteenth, twentieth, aod twenty fixth years of the reign of his present Majesty, hath been continued until the twenty fourth day of March, one thousand feven hundred and fifty eight, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, until the (aid twenty fourth day of June, one thousand feven hundred and iixty fix, and from thence to the end of the then next feffioa of parliament.

So much of III. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefiud, rhe a& 1 Geo. That fo much of an ad made in the second year of the reign of ». &c. as re- hj$ prefcnt Majesty, for the better preservation of his Majefty*s mhTmTon^ woods in America, and for the encouragement of the importa-roafts, tar, and tion of naval ftores from thence; and to encourage the impor-pitch, &c. tation of mails, yards, and bowfprits, from that part of Great continued to Britain called Scotland; as relates to the premiums upon mafts, ^4. June, 176 • yards, and bowfprits, tar, pitch, and turpentine, which was to continue in force from the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand feven hundred and twenty nine, for the term of thirteen years, and from thence to the. end of the then next feflion of parliament; and which, by several fubfequent ads made in the thirteenth and twenty fourth years of his (aid' Majesty’s reign, was further continued until the twenty fifth day erf* December , one thousand feven hundred and fifty one, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; and which, by anotjier ad made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of his (aid Majesty, was amended, and further continued until the twenty fifth day of Marcby one thousand feven hundred and

4%

1759 3 Anno tricesimo fecundb Georgii II, cr2j.

fifty eight, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; shall be* and the fame is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, until the faid twenty fourth day of Juniy one thousand feven hundred and sixty fix, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

IV.	Provided, That no bounty shall be paid upon any tar, Quantity of

unlefs each barrel shall contain thirty one gallons and one half; tar in each and that the officers who furvey fuch barrel, shall not furvey barrelintitled the fame, till the water shall be all drawn off, and every barrel ^ef^than filled up with tar*	gallons.

V.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That Ad 5 Geo. a. an ad made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Maje-forencou-lly, for encouraging the growth of coffee in his Majesty’s plan- ragiat? the tations in America, which was to continue in force from thef^^ contU twenty fifth day of March, one thousand feyen hundred and nued to ** thirty five, until the twenty fifth day of Marche one thousand June, 1766, feven hundred and thirty nine, and from thence to the end of

the then next session of parliament; and which, by several fub-fcquent ads made in the eleventh, nineteenth, and twenty fifth years of his faid Majesty’s reign, was further continued until the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand feven hundred and fifty eight, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliamentj shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, until the (aid twenty fourth day of June, one thousand feven hundred and sixty fix, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

VI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Aft 19 Geo That an ad made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his for fecuring present Majesty, for the more effedual fecuring the duties now

payable on foreign-made fail cloth imported into this kingdom; r^cf^hhn-and for charging all foreign-made fails vy^h a duty 3 and for ported. See. explaining a doubt concerning (hips being obliged, at their firft continued to fetting out to fea, to be furnimed with one complete fet.of fails *4 June, 1766* made of Britijh fail cloth; which was to continue in force from the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand feven hundred and forty fix, for the term of feven years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which, by another ad made in the twenty fixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty fourth day of June, one thou&nd feven hundred and fifty eight, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, until the faid twenty fourth day offuns, one thousand feven hundred and sixty fix, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.	v

VII.	Andy for the relief of persons who through negleCl or inadvertency have omitted to pay the several rates and duties upon money give/ty paid, contracted, or agreed for% with or in relation to any clerky apprentice, or fervant, who hath been put or placed to or with any wafer or mifrefs, to learn any proftjfun, trade, or employ ment, and to have the indenture or other writing which contains the cove-

Vol. XXIL	H	h	nants,

 

articles* contrails, *r agreements, relating to tbs fervice ef any fuch clerks apprentice, *r fervant, Jlamped within the time by the several aits of parliament for tbofe pwfofes re/peBtue-ty limited, *r who have neglefted or omitted to infert and write h words at length, in any fuch indenture, if */A/r writings as of ere-y&W refpeilivdy* the full fum or fums of money received,	1*	atj

wife direftly or indireftly given* paid, agreed* or contraBedfar, tutfi <?r in relation to any fucb clerk* apprentice* ar fervant* a* afarefaid, be it further enaded, That upon payment on or before the M day. of September* one thousand (even hundred and fifty nine, of the rates and duties negledcd or omitted to be paid uponanj vi ulcuuun money given, paid, contracted, or agreed for, with or in rda-omitted To^bc t*on to any clerk:, apprentice, or fervant, as aforefaid, to (bd paid on arti- person or persons to whom the fame ought to be paid, the in-cles of inden- denture or other writing by which any fuch clerk, apprentice, tendering the or ^crvant» was Tefpedtively put out as aforefaid, (hall, on tk fame to be fame being tendered at the proper place in the ft amp office ftamped.	{ where the fame ought to have been damped) during tne timt

of office hours, be damped with the proper damp forthwhi after every fuch payment and tender of every fuch refpe&ive indenture or writing shall be there made; and every fuch inden-I de tures n turc> or otlier wntinS> aforefaid, being fo damped, shall be rayment of ° gd°d and available in law and equity, and may be given in evi-theduties, and dence in any court whatfoever 5 and the several clerks, appren-ftamping thereof, de-

Further time allowed to i Sept. 1759* for payment of the duties

dared to be Valid, See.

tices, or fervants, therein relpedively named, shall be capabk of following and exercifing their refpeClive intended profeflion, trade, employment, or bunnefs, as fully as if the rates or duties

and the parties acquitted

claufe to be publifhed in the Gazette.

fo negle&ed or omitted to have been paid, had been duly paid, and as if the full fum or fums of money received or agreed to be paid as aforefaid, had been inferted and wrote in worth si length in every fuch indenture, or other writing, as aforefaid refpeCHvely; and that all and every person and persons who hath or have incurred any penalty by any fuch negleCt or omiffion, as . aforefaid, shall be acquitted and difeharged of, from, and agaimt of the penalty. famc. thing in any former ato the contrary herea Notice of this notwithftanding: and the commiflioners of his Majesty’s damp duty are hereby required, with all convenient (peed, after the palling this a&, to caufe notice of this clause to be publifhed in the London Gazette* in fuch manner as they shall think fit.

VIII.	And whereas fome persons have omitted to caufe affidavit to be made* and afterwords to be filed in the proper offices, of tit ailual execution of several contrails in writing entered into by them, to ferve as clerks to attornies or folicitors, within the time in tubit* the fame ought to have been done, and many infants* and others* maj thereby incur certain difabilities: for preventing whereof, and far relieving fuch perfons; be it likewife enaCted by the authority ^wed r aforefaid, That every person who hath negleCfed or omitted to a Sept. 1759, icaufe any fuch affidavit or affidavits as aforefaid to be made and for making	filed, and who on or before the firft day of September, one thoufand

and filing af- -(even hundred and fifty nine, shall caufe one or more affidavit or execution of* a®d*vits t0 ** made, and afterwards to be filed, in fuch manner

the

1759-1 Anno triccfimo secundo G&orgii II. c. 24.'	467

the fame ought to have been made and filed, in due time,, shall contra## to

be, and is hereby indemnified, freed, and difcharged, from and	c.,crkf

againft all penalties, forfeitures, incapacities, and disabilities, in ornief#

or by any a& or afts of parliament mentioned and incurred, or

to be incurred, for or by reafon of any fiich negleCt or omiffion,

in not caufing fuch affidavit or affidavits to be made and filed,

in fuch manner as the fame ought to have been; and every fuch

affidavit and affidavits fo to be made, and which shall be duly

filed, on or before the (aid firft day of September, one thoufana

feven hundred and fifty nine, as atorefaid, shall be as effectual

to all intents and purpofes, as if made and filed within the re-

fpe&ive times the fame ought, by the laws now in being far

that purpofe, to have been fo made and filed.

CAP. XXIV.

An aS to amend an aft made in the left ftffion of parliament% far repealing the duty granted by an alt made in the Jixtb year of the reign of bis late Majefiy on fibber plate, and far granting a duty on licences to be taken out by all per-font dealing in gold or filver tilate, by permitting the fade of gold or filver plate in fmm quantities without licence; and by granting a duty infiead of the duty now payable upon licences to be taken out by certain dealers in gold or filver plate : and alfo a duty upon licences to be taken out by pawnbrokers dealing in gold or filver plate, and refiners of gold or filver.

WH ER E AS by an alt made in the lafi fejfion of parliament, Preamble, ie.

intituled, An act for repealing the duty granted by an ail citing cUufe made in the fixth year of the reign of his late Majesty, on filver111 *** *x Gc* plate, made, wrought, touched, aflayed, or marked in Great*'

Britain; and For granting a duty on licences to be taken out by all persons dealing in gold or filver plate$ and for difcontifiuing all drawbacks upon filver plate exported; and for more effectually preventing frauds and abufes m the marking or ftamping of gold or filver plate; it was enafled. That in lieu of the duty thereby repealed, there jhoudd, from and after the fifth day of July, one tboufand feven hundred and fifty eight, be paid unto his Majefiy, bis heirs, and jucceffors, a duty of forty /hillings for every Ucence to be taken out in manner therein after-mentioned, by each perftm trading in, felling, or vending gold or filver plate, and by the find alt fuch licences were direlted to be taken out annually; and it was alfo thereby further enatted, That all persons ufing the trade of felling or vending gold or filver plate, or any goods or wares tompofed of gold or fiber, or any goods or wares in which any gold or filver was or Jbould be ma-nufallured, and alfo all persons employed to JeU any gold or filver plate, or any fuch goods or wares aforefaid, at any auftion, or publick foie, or by commiffion, fhmld refpeliively be deemed traders in, fillers or venders of, gold or fiber plate, within the intent and meaning of the /aid all, and Jbould take out a licence for the fame: and whereas fo

H h 2	much

468

Anno triceflmo secundo Georgii II. c.24.	£1759,

much of the Jaii laft recited chafe, as directs that every person trad* ing in, fellings or vending gold or filver plate, or any goods or warn compofed of gold or filver, or any goods or wares in which any gold er filver was or Jboula be manufactured, Jbould take out a licence for that purpofc, has keen found detrimental to the toy and cutlery trades of this kingdom: and your Majejly's mojt dutiful and loyal fubje&s, tk commons of Great Britain in parliament ajfembled, are therefore defrosts that all persons may be permitted to trade in, fell, or vend esj goods or wares in which the gold or filver JbaU not exceed the reflective quantities heroin after mentioned, without being obliged to tats out a licence for that pvrpofe, and in lieu thereof, to grant eento ym Majefiy a ditty upon fuch licences as are herein after mentioned ; and therefore do mod. numbly befeoch your Majesty thatit may be enadted, and be it enaCted by the King’s mod excellent majeftr, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflexnbled, Traders in orant* ty t^c authority of the fame. That from and after the fifth venders of! day of July, one thousand feven hundred and fifty nine, no per-(mail gold and fon or persons whatfoever shall be fubjedt or liable to take om tilver wares, any licence for or in refpedt of his, her, or their trading in, from taking vending, or felling, any quantity of gold not exceeding two oat a licence penny weights in any one feparate and diftindt ware or piece of for the lame ; goods, orany quantity of filver not exceeding five penny weights in any one feparate and diftindt ware or piece of goods ; but that all persons may, from time to time, after the faid fifth day of Julyone thousand feven hundred and fifty nine, trade in, vend, or fell, any ware or piece of goods, in which the goldcr filver shall not exceed the refpedtive quantities aforefaid, without being fubjedt in refpedt thereof to any penalty for not having taken out a licence, or paid the duty granted by the faid auSk'made in the laft fedion of parliament; any thing in the faid ad contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

II. And, in order to make good any deficiency which may happen is the produce of the find, duty, by reafon of the exemption aforefaid; but fuch as be it further enadted.by the authority aforefaid. That there shall trade in, (hall, from and after the faid fifth day of July, one thou fin; or vend larger feven hundred and fifty nine, be paid unto his Majesty , his heb, iSSbMm-** anc* fucceflbrs, a duty of five pounds for every licence to be brokers, and taken out by each trader in, vender or feller of, gold or filver refiners, to plate, or of any goods or wares in which any gold or filver is or take out a li- shall be manufactured, who shall trade in, vend, or feJJ, anv which the P*ccc °f or goods, or any ware in which the gold or Glare to pay^l.vcr diall be of the refpedtive weights herein after mentioned, or of any greater weight, and by all pawnbrokers trading in, vending, or felling, gold or filver plate, or any goods or wares in ' which any gold or filver is or shall be manufactured, and all refiners of gold or filver, qJianti* HI. And be it further epadted by the authority aforefaid. That $ver wires°r from and after the faid fifth day of July, one thousand feven shall fubjeft hundred and fifty nine,no person or perfons.Whatfoevcr, who now, the traders or at any. time or times hereafter, doih, do, or shall trade in, vend

cr





or fell, any gold or filver plate, or any goods or wares in which in, or vender* amy gold or filver is or shall be manufactured, shall prefume by thereof, to him, her, or themfelves, or by any other person or persons jake out a whatfoever employed by him, her, or them, for his, her, orAlccnce* their benefit, either publickly or privately, to trade-in, vend or fell, any piece of plate or goods, or any ware in which the quantity of gold shall be of the weight of two ounces or upwards, or in which the quantity of filver shall be of the weight of thirty ounces or upwards, unlefs he, (he, or they, shall have firft paid a duty of five pounds for a licence, which shall have been taken out in the manner required by the faid act made in the laft feflion of parliament; and every person who shall fo trade in, vend or fell, any fuch piece of plate or goods, or ware as aforefaid, shall pay the like duty of five pounds for every licence -which shall be taken out in each year, in purfuance of the faid aft, inftead and in lieu of the duty of forty (hillings thereby granted; any thing in the faid aft contained to the contrary notwithftanding: and if any person or persons trading in, vend- *ol. penalty* ing, or felling gold or filver plate, or any goods or wares in for n®t taking which any gold or filver is or shall be manufaftured, (hall, after ^JeeUCh ^ the faid fifth day of July ^ one thousand feven hundred and fifty 9 nine, prefume or offer to trade in, vend or fell, any fuch piece of plate or goods, or any fiich wareasaforefaid, without firft taking out a licence, for which the faid duty of five pounds fhnll have been paid, and renewing the fame licence, and making the like and renewing payment yearly as aforefaid, he, (he,' or they, shall refpeftively fame year-forfeit and lofe, for every fuch offence, the futn ot twenty y' pounds.

IV. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaief. Pawnbroker!, That from and after the faid fifth day of July, one thousand and refiners, feven hundred and fifty nine, no pawnbroker or pawnbrokers deemed trad-Ihall prefume, by him, her, or themfelves, or by any other venders oF person or persons whatsoever employed by him, her, or them, gjj^nd filver for his, her, or their benefit, either publickly or privately, to wares, trade in, vend or fell, any gold or filver plate, or any goods or wares in which any gold or filver is or shall be manufactured ; nor shall any person or persons prefume, either by him, her, or and liable to themfelves, or by any other person or persons whatfoever em-take aliccncc> ployed by him, her, or them, for his, her, or their benefit, to life or practice the trade or bufinefs of a refiner of gold or filver, without firft taking out a licence, in fuch manner as persons ufing the trade of felling or vending gold or filver plate are, by the faid aft made in the laft feflion of parliament, required to take out licences; and every fuch pawnbroker, and alfo every fuch refiner of gold or filver, shall take out a frefh licence in every year, renew the in fuch manner as persons ufing the trade of felling or vending amcycary « geld or filver plate, are by the faid act required to do: and for the more effectual enforcing the taking out of the faidlkences, and recovery of the duty herein after directed to be from' time to rime paid Upbn the taking out thereof, every fuch pawnbroker ^nd refiner of gold or filver nefpe&ively (hall;be:d±emfed, for the

H h 3	pur-



470

Anno tricesimo secundo Gjeorgii II. c. 24*	[*759-

purpofes of this aft, to ufe the trade of fclliqg or vending gold or filver plate; any thing in the faid former aft contained to the contrary notwithftanding: and every fuch pawnbroker as afore-faid, and alfo every fuch refiner of gold or filver, shall refped-for which 5L ively pay a duty or five pounds for every licence which shall be is to be paid ; taken out by each fuch pawnbroker or refiner; and which faid duty of five pounds {hall be paid in each year at the times wbea fuch licences are taken out, and to fuch person or perfons* and ip fuch manner, as the duty of forty (hillings granted by the (aid aft is thereby direfted to be paid: and i£after the faid fifth day of July, one thouGuid (even hundred and fifty nine* any pawnbroker shall prefume or offer to trade in, vend or fell* any gold or filver plate, or any goods or wares in which any gold or filver is or shall be manufactured; or if any person shall pre-fume or offer to ufe or praftice the trade or bufinefs of a refiner of gold or filver, and fuch pawnbroker or person refjpeftivdy shall not have firft taken out a licence, for which the laid duty of five pounds shall have been paid, or shall not have renewed .	~	the fame licence, and made fiich payment yearly as aforefiud;

forJSting10U	§**» pawnbroker and person ttuU refpeflively, for era?

fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the sum of twenty pounds.

Licences taken Proved always, and be it further enafted by the auibo-out under the rity aforefaid. That if, at any time or times, any person or performer aft, fons who shall have taken out a licence in the manner pre/cribed upon payment by the faid former aft, and have paid, in re(peft thereof, the tionaf fum of ■ duty °f forty shillings, (hall, before the expiration of fiich tl. to be good Brorcc, produce the fame, and pay the further fum of three for the Tub. pounds to any person or persons authorized by virtue of the (aid former aft to grant licences (all which persons are hereby required to accept fuch payment, and to indorfe a memorandum thereof, without fee or reward, upon the licence fo produced) every person paying fuch additional fum of three pounds may, and is hereby impbwered, from the time of the payment thereof, and during the continuance of the remainder of the term of the faid licence, to trade in, vend, or fell, any gold or filver plate, or any goods or wares in which any gold or filver is or shall be manutaftured; or to ufe or praftice the trade or bufinefi of a refiner of gold or filver, in fuch manner as any other person who dial) have paid the duty of five pounds upon the ongi-nal granting of any licence is by this aft impowered to do ; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

VI. Provided always. That persons in p?rtn£r(hip, and carrying on their trade or bufmeis in one houfe, (hop, or tenement only, shall not be obliged to take out more than one licence in anyone year for the carrying on fuch trade or bufinefs: and that no licence which shall be granted by virtue of this aft, shall authorize or impower any person or persons to whom the fame may be granted, and who dull fell gold or filver plate in (hops, to trade in, fell, or vend, fuch gold or filver plate in any other (hop or place, except in fuch houfes or places thereunto belonging,;wherein he, (he, or they shall inhabit and dwell at

•' 1	the

for 1 Tiding term thereof.

Perfons in fartner/hip, carrying on trade or bufinefs in one houfe only, Arc. not liable to take out more than one licence* Licence to ferve but for on- fhop or, houfe.





1759O Anno tricesimo fccundo Georoii II. c. 24.	47,1

the time of granting fuch licence, or in booths or ftalls at fairs booths and or markets.	ftalls at fair*

VII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, excepted!** That all profecudons for recovery of penalties and forfeitures incurred for offences committed againft this ad, (ball and may forfeitureim be heard and determined, and fuch penalties and forfeitures re* £ recovered covered, levied, and applied, and in cafe of want of fufficient and applied, diftrefs whereon to levy the fame, the offender shall be imprifon- « by the aft ed, in fuch and the fame manner, and with the fame powers - 3‘G^,*-and authorities, as are preferibed, given, and appointed, in the M pre cn * faid ad made in the laft feflion of parliament w*th refped to pro* locutions for, and the recovering, levying, and applying of, the penalties and forfeitures incurred for offences committed againft

the faid ad, and to the impriibnment of the party or parties offending until fatisfedion shall be made.

VIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaded, That the Mitigation of several penalties and forfeitures of twenty pounds, created and ^“dtie*. ittflided by the faid recited ad, and this present ad, may be mitigated by fuch ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, may be mitigated by any law or laws of ex*

cife} any thing in the (aid recited ad, or this present act, to the contrary in any wife notwith Handing.

IX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That Duties to be

all the monies which shall arife by the duty hereby directed to Chequer • be paid upon licences (the necessary charges of railing and ac- ”	’

counting for the fame excepted) (hall, from time to time, be paid

into the receipt of bis Majesty’s exchequer at	together

with the monies arifing by the duty on licences granted by the

faid ad made in the laft feflion of parliament; and shall be ap- and to be ap-

plied to fuch ufes and purpofes, and in fuch mauner, as the P1'*?1 a*‘jle

monies arifing by the duty granted by the (aid ad are thereby the formeraft

made applicable, and to and for no other ufe or purpofe what- are direfted.

foever.

X.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That The recited the faid ad made in the laft feflion of parliament (except fuch a^> exceP* . parts thereof as are varied or altered by this ad) (nail continue by VhbVa, in full force and effed, and the provifions and powers therein continued and contained (except as aforefaid) shall extend, and are hereby ex- enforced, tended to, and shall operate and be executed, with refped to

this ad, and to all matters and things to be done in purfuance thereof, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purpofes, as if the faid provifions and powers were, with fuch variations and alterations, herein efpecially repeated and re-enaded j any thing in this ad contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

.U.h 4........................... ..	...	.....	..CAP.



'47 2

Preamble.

Clai)fe in a & »9 Geo. a.

So much of the recited clciufe, as direct the admiralty, upon application, and fecurity given. to€jrant com:i iffions

Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 25. £1759.

CAP. XXV.

An act to explain and amend an aft made in the twenty ninth year of bis present Majesty s reign, intituled. An a£t for the encouragement of feamen, and the more fpeedy and effe&ual manning his Majefty's navy•, and for tit better prevention of piracies and robberies by crews of private Jhips of war.

WHEREAS repeated complaints have of late been made $ divers outragious afts of piracy and robbery, committed « board great numbers of Jhips, more particularly by the crews of JmoH Jhips, vejfels, or boats, being, or pretending to be, Englifh prive-teers: and whereas it is of the utmof importance to the honour of this nation, to deteft and bring to jujlice perjons who (in violation of the laws of nations in general, and of this kingdom in particular) bant been, or Jhall be, guilty of futh piracies and robberies: and u/berees by a clause in an aft of parliament paffied in the twenty ninth year if the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An a<ft for the encouragement of feamen, and the more fpeedy and effectuaJ manning his Majesty’s navy, it is, amongjl other things, enaftei, That the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or any three or more of them, or any person or persons by him or them empowered and appointed, Jhall, at the requejl of any owner or owners of any Jhip or veffel, giving fuch bail and fecurity as have I * been ufually taken upon granting commijfms or letters of marque (ex- | cept only for the payment of the tenths of the value of prisus tuhtib Jhall be taken, fo the lord ‘high admiral, or commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral for the time being) eaufe to be iffii-ed forth, in the ufual manner, one or more commiffion or commiffims to any person or persons whom fuch owner or owners Jhall nominate to be commander, or, in cafe of death, fucceffvuely commanders of fuch Jhip or veffel, for the attacking, furprizing, feinting, and taking, by and with fuch Jhip or veffiel, or with the crew thereof, any place or fortrefs upon the land, or on any Jhip or veffel, goods, ammunition, arms. Ports of war, or merchandize, belonging to, or poffiejfed by, any of his Majefty's enemies, in any fea, creek, haven, or river: ami whereas it is apprehended that moft of the afts of piracy and robbery complained of as afore fend, have arifen from the obligation on the find lord high admiral, or the faii commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral, at fuch requejl as aforejaid, to grant fuch com-miffions to the commanders of all Jhips or vejjels, of what bur that jo-ever, without dijlinftion : to remedy which inconveniency ; be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the firft day of June jn the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and fifty nine, fo much of the faid reci£d clause in the above-mentioned

x 759*3 Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 25.	47$

of parliament, palled in the twenty ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as diredts the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commissioners for executing the office of lord ^ high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or any three or more of them, or any person or persons by him or them im-powered and appointed, at the requeft of any owner or owner? of any (hip or veflel giving fuch bail and fecuritv as therein is mentioned, to caufe to be iflued forth, in the ufual manner, one or more commiffion or commiffions to any person or persons whom fuch owner or owners shall nominate to be commander, or, in cafe of death, fucceflivdv commanders of fuch (hip or veflel, for the purposes in the faid recited clause mentioned, shall be, and the fame is hereby declared and enadted to be abfolutely repealed and made void.

II. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That Admiralty to the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commissioners for grant com-executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the naiffion*, upon time being, or any three or more of them, or any person or per-fons by him or them impowered and appointed, (hall, from and bail and (ecu. after the faid firft day of June, one thousand feven hundred and rity as is bere-fifty nine, at the requeft of any owner or Qwners of any (hip or after-men-veflel, giving fuch bail and fecurity as is herein after-mentioned and boned, cxprefled, caufe to be iffiied forth one or more commiffion or commiffions to any person or persons whom fuch owner or owners shall notfiinate to be commander, or, in cafe of death, fucceffively commanders of fuch fhip or veflel, for the attacking, furprizi ng, feizing, and taking, by and with fuch fhip or ycflfel, or with the crew thereof,any place qr fortrefs upon the land, or any (hip or veflel, goods, ammunition, arms, (lores of war, or merchandize, belonging to, or poflefled by, any of his Majefty’? enemies, upon the land, or in any fea, creek, haven, or river $ and ttyat fuch (hip or (hips, Pr*ze* to be-veflel or veflels, or any goods, ammunition, arms, (lores of war, ^cfbedl^id^d and merchandizes whatsoever, with all theirfurniture, tackle, and aniong, tjhec apparel, fo to be taken, by or with fuch private owner or owners owners and (hip or veflel, according to fuch laft-mentioned commiffion or captors, as commiffions (being firft adjudged lawfql prize in any of his Ma- /J*al1 b*a&recd jeftv’s courts of admiralty) shall wholly and entirely belong to, *ccn c,n} and be divided between and among, the owner and owners of fuch (hip or veflel, and the several persons which shall be on board the fame, and be aiding and affifting to the taking thereof, in fuch (hares and proportions as shall be agreed on with the owner or owners of Hich (hip or veflel as shall be the captor thereof, their agents or fadlors, as the proper goods and chattels of fuch owner or owners, and the persons that shall beintitled thereto by virtue of fuch agreements among themfelves; and that neU ther his Majesty, his heirs, or fucceflors, or any admiral, vice admiral, governor, or other perfon, commiffioned by, or claiming, under his Majesty, his heirs, or fucceflors, or any person or persons whatfoever, other than the owner or owners of fuch (hip or veflel, being the captor of fuch prize (hip or veflel, goods, ammunition, arms, (lores rf war, and merchandizes, and this v :	.*	-	1	-	per-	‘

 L,ooQle

474	Anno	triccfimo fecupcjo Georgii IL p. 25. £ 1759.

reserving only persons claiming under him or them, shall be jntitled to any part dmie?8 or ^arc	(except as tp the customs *nd duties mention-

payable by a& ^ xn ^lc aft of the twenty ninth year of his Majesty’s 2/Geo. 1. reign) any cuftom, ftatute, or other law to the contrary notwith-

foVt™bef Hf. Provided neverthclcfif, and it is hpreby. further enafted, granted to That no fuch commiffion ss aforefaid shall be iffqed forth or vellels, in Eu- granted to any person qi persons by virtue of this aft, uplefs the loo^on ”bur- d*ip or vc^c' *or 4*5* feme shall be granted, in Europe shall then, 10 guns, he of the burthen of one hundred tons, and carry ten carnage and 40 men} guns, being three pounders, and forty men at the lead 5 or 1m-lefs the lord high admiral, qr com mi (boners for executing the

unlels the ad-

Admiralty n ay revoke

millions ;

revocation to take place, viz.

If the veffei be in the channel; or northern

fcass

uUnk^the °®ce	^ign admiral, or any three or more of them, or

owners giv- any person or persons by him or them impowered and appoint-

ing bail and fecurity as herein after mentioned.

ed, (hall, in their diferetion, think fit to grant the fame to any (hip or veffei of inferior force or burthen, the owner or ownen of fuch (hip or veffei giving fuch bail and fecurity as is herein after mentioned and expreffed.

IV. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the lord high admiral of

fntVrewm* Great Britain, or the commissioners for executing the office of

lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or any three or more of them, at any time or times hereafter, to revoke and make void, by any order or orders in writing under his or their hand or hands, any commiffion or commiffions which hath, have been, or shall be, iffued forth to any person or persons who hath, have been, or shall be, nominated commander or com* manders of any (hip or veffei, either by virtue of the (aid aft of f which no- twentY n*nth ycar the reign of his present Majesty, or this tice is to be present a^i*.

forthwith fent V. Provided neverthelefs. That the fecretary of the admiralty to the (hip's for the time being (hall, with all convenient fpeed, after any owners, a- anj every fuch commiffion shall be fo revoked, cauie notice U5s.t8* °r UrC" thereof in writing to be forthwith fent to the owner or owners, Times limited or agent or agents, or furety or fureties, or fome one of them, for order of of the (bip or veffei named or deferibed in fuch order of revocation : and in cafe fuch (hip or vcflel (ball be in the chanel, the faid order of revocation shall be efFeftual to fuperfede and annul the faid commiffion, at the expiration of twenty day9 from and after fuch notice given ?s aforefaid, or fooner, if notice shall be aftually given in writing by the (ecretary of the admiralty to the captain or commander thereof; and in cafe fuch (hip or vcf-if to’the fouth M shall be in the northern feas, at tbe expiration of thirty days; bf Cape Fini. and in cafe fuch (hip or veffei shall be to the fouthward of Cape °J.in Fmjlerre, or in the Mediterranean, at the expiration of fix weeks; wnean;lUr" *n ca^c ^ch d**P or Ve^ shall be in North America, or the in NorthAme- JP*fl Indies, at the expiration of three months ; and in cafe fuch rica, tbe Weft (hip or veffei shall be in the Eajl Indies, at the expiration of fix Indies, or Eaft months : and any comiqander or commanders, owner or own-Compiaint ersi agent or agents, furety or fureties, of any fuch (hip or vef-may be made &!> whereof fuch commiffion or cp^uniffions iffued or to be if-to the King in fued forth as aforefaid shall be fo revoked, may complain thereof

ta



1759-1 Anno triceOmo secundo Georgii II. c. 25,	475

to his Majesty in couocil, within thirty days next after the fe- council of cretary of the admiralty for the time being shall caufe notice fich revoca-thereof to be given as aforefaid; and the determination of his council.s Majesty in council, touching every fuch complaint, (hail be determination final.	to	be	final;

VI.	Provided always. That in cafe any fuch order of revoca- and if the or-tion shall be fuperfeded, fuch commiflion shall be deemed and der shall be taken to have continued in force: and all prizes taken by virtue fop«rfeded, thereof shall belong to, and be the property of, fuch owners and toTand captors, in fuch manner as the feme would have been in cafe good, fuch order of revocation had not been made.

VII.	Provided allb. That no person shall be liable to be pu- Non*1,able t0

niftied for doing, before he shall have received perfonal notice before perfon-of fuch order of revocation, any matter or thing which he might al notice re. have lawfully done under the authority of fuch commiflion, in ceivedof fuch cafe fuch order of revocation had not been made.	order of re-

VIII.	And be it ftirther enaded bv the authority aforefaid, ufo^i'baii and That before the granting or iflbing of any commiflion in pur- fecurity to be fuance of this ad, fuch bail and fecurity mail be taken as have taken; been ufual upon the granting or ifliiing of commiflions for private (hips of war; and that, previous to the taking of fuch bail the parties and fecurity, the persons who propofe to be bound, and give ^a,heir qua-fuch fecurity, shall Severally make oath before the judge of the ideation; high court of admiralty of England,or his furrogate, or other

perfon or persons by fuch judge, or furrogate, Tawftilly com-miflioned, that, at the time of their being fworn, they are re-fpedively worth more money than the fum for which they are then to be bound, over and above all their juft debts: and moreover, the marlhal of the feid high court of admiralty for the and tbe mar. time being, or his deputy, or the peribn or perlbns fo commifli- foal fatisfying oned as aforefaid, is or are hereby required and direded to make thefofficiency diligent enquiry into, and Satisfy himfelf or themfelves of, the thereof. 1 Sufficiency of luch bail and fecurity, and make a report thereof to the feid judge, or his furrogate, before any fuch commiflion shall be granted or iflued. -

: IX.' And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That Ferfons apply-from and after the firft day of June, one thoufend feven hundred wg_for com* and fifty nihe, all and every person and perlbns who shall apply maV°"pplica-to the laid lord high admiral, or the commissioners for execut- tion in writing tbe office of lord high admiral for the time being, in order ing, to obtain any commiflion to be granted or iflued forth in pur-fuance of this ad, shall make every fuch application in writing, and therein fet forth a particular, true, and exad description of *n£ forth a the (hip or veflel for which fuch commiflion is requefted, fpeci- th^veffc^&c lying the burthen of fuch (hip or veflel, and the number and	*

.nature of the guns on beard the feme, to what place belonging, and tbe name or names of the principal owner or owners of fuch (hip or veflel, and the number of men intended to be put on the particu-board the feme (all which particulars shall be inferted in every 'ars. commiflion to be granted or iflbed in purfuance of this ad) and tiie'commif'n that every commander of a private (hip or veflelof war, for which fion;

. ........................ •'	a

 

/"

476	Arnio	tricefimo	fecundo	GkorGH	It.	€. £5.	[1759.

a commiffion shall be granted or iffiied in purfuance of this ad, which com- shall produce fuch commiffion to the coiledor, cuftomer, or "i^uccd to* ^earc^er» f°r ^mc being, °f his Majesty’s cuftoms, refiding the collector at* or belonging to, the port from whence, fuch (hip or veflel or other offi- shall be firft fitted out, or to the lawful deputy or deputies of cer of the port, fuch coiledor, cuftomer, orfearcher; and the faid collector, nfine*the (hi*' cu^omcr> iarcher, or his or their lawful deputy or deputies, andfee howP> as fQ(m thereafter a* conveniently may be, without fee or far (he agrees, reward, infped and examine fuch (hip or veflel, fo as to afcer-in all reipeds tain the burthen thereof, and the number of men, and number with the faid an(j naturc 0f the gUns on board the fame: and if fuch fhip or andVnhe'a- ve^e* A*aU thereupon be found to be of fuch burthen, and be grees thereto, manned and armed according to the tenor of the defeription in-or be of a ferted in fuch commiffion as aforefaid, or be of a greater bur* g-t-force then or force than shall be mentioned in fuch commiffion, then or ur en, fuci^ colledlor^ cuftomer, orfearcher, or his or their lawful dels to grant puty or deputies, fhall, and he or they is and are hereby retjui-whichmaHCbe r€c* immediately upon therequeft of the commander of fuch fftip a cleai ance to or ve®^ to give a certificate thereof in writing under his or their (uch veil'd* hand or hands gratis, to facb commander; which certificate shall be deemed a necessary clearance, before fuch private fhip or veflel shall be permitted to fail from that port; and if the com-Penalty of de- mander of any fhip or veflel for which any commiffion shall parting with- have been granted or ifiued in purfuance of this ad, shall depart anceUCh ° ***' w*rb fucb or veffe^ ^om fucb port or clearance, before he hath received fuch certificate, or shall depart from any fuch or with a ^ port, or proceed upon a cruize, with a force inferior to the force force inferior (pacified in fuch commiffion, or required by this ad; in every fiedi^the0 ca^€* c°mmiffion for fuch (hip or veflel shall from thence-commiflion. forth be abfolutely null and void; and the 00mmander fo offending, being convided thereof before ?ny court of admiralty, lhall be impriloned without bail or mainprize, for fuch fpaceas the faid court shall dired, not exceeding one year for any one offence.

Coiledor, &c. granting a falfe certificate.

to forfeit his office, and 1001.

Recovery and

application

thereof.

X. And be it further enaded by the.authority aforefaid. That if any colledor, cuftomer, or fearcher of his Majesty’s cuftoms, or his or their lawful deputy or deputies, shall grant a certificate for any (hip or veflel which shall not be <5 the burthen and force fpecified in the commiffion granted to the commander or commanders thereof, or of greater burthen and force than shall be mentioned inn fuch commiffion, he (hall, for fuch offence, forfeit his faid office, and be for ever after incapable of holding any ofitee in the cuftoms, and shall ahb forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, to be. recovered by any person or per-fons who will foe for the fame, by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at IVefi-tninjler, in which no effoin, protedion, wager of Jaw, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and one moiety of the faid penalty of one hundred pounds, when recovered, shall be paid to the informer or informers, and the other moiety to the jtreafurer for the time being lathe corporation for the relief ami

fupport



1759-3 Anno triccfimo secundo Georgii II. c. 2	477

fupport of lick, maimed, and difabled feamen, and of the widows and children of fuch as shall be killed, (lain, or drowned, in the merchants fervice, for the ufe of fuch corporation; or where fuch forfeitures shall be incurred in any of the out-ports In which a corporation is eftablilhed, or shall hereafter be eftab-lifhed, for the purpoies aforefaid, then the moiety of fuch penalty shall be paid to the truftces for the ufe of the corporation fo cftablithed.

XL Provided always, That the number of tons fo to be cer- Tonage to be tified, be afeertained according to the‘rules laid down by an aft afeertained ac-paifed in the eighth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen cording to the jfnne, intituled, An act for making a convenient dock or bafon at pl£Cnb“ Liverpool, for the fecurttj of all flaps trading to or from the faid 3 Ann*. port of Liverpool.

XII. And be it. further enafted by the authority aforefaid, privateers a. That in cafe at any time or times after the firft day of June, one greeingfoi the thousand feven hundred and fifty nine, any commander or com- ranfom of roanders of any private (hip or (hips, or veflel or veflels, of war, priz|? duly commiflioned by virtue of the faid aft of the twenty ninth c ** year of his Majesty’s reign, or this aft, shall agree with the comr mander or commanders, or other person or perfotis, of or her longing to any neutral or other (hip or (hips, veflel or veflels (except thofe of his Majesty’s declared enemies) for the ranfom of any fuch neutral or other (hip or (hips, veffel or veflels, or the refpeftive cargo or cargoes thereof, or any part thereof, after the fame shall have been taken as prize, and (hall, in pur- amj difeharg-fuance of any fuch agreement or agreements, aftually quit, feting them with-at liberty, or difehange, any fuch prke or prizes, inftead of°ut bringing bringing the fame into fomc port or ports belonging to his Ma- mto jefty's dominions; that then all and every of the commanderp and commanders of fuch private (hip or (hips, or veflel or veflels of war, who shall fo agree for any fuch ranfom (except as aforefaid) and shall quit, fet at liberty, or difeharge, any, fuch prize or prizes in manner aforefaid, shall be deemed, adjudged, and deemed guilty taken to be guilty of piracy, felony, and robbery; and he, they, and every of them, being duly convifted thereof in the manner and^onfifea-herein before-mentioned, shall have and futfer fuch pains of tion of goods, death, lofs of lands, goods, and chattels, aspirates, felons, and See. robbers upon the Teas, ought to have and fufter according to the laws now in being.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That it pf-lvatC8rs shall be lawful for the commander of any private (hip of war, may take con. upon the capture of any neutral (hip or veflel which by any law traband goods or treaty shall be liable only to the forfeiture of fuch contraband from goods as shall be on board thereof, to receive fuch goods from Jrit^confrnt fuch (hip or veflel, in cafe the commander thereof is willing to of the com. deliver the lame; and the commander of fuch private (hip of mander* and war may thereupon quit, fet at liberty, or difeharge, fuch ncu- <ct tbc vcffel* tral (hip or veflel; any thing herein before contained to the con- at 1 cr,ly' trary notwithftanding: and if any person or persons shall purloin

2



4^8	Anno	tricefimo	fecundo	Georgii	II.	c.	25*’	t*75>

Penalty of cm- loin or embezzle any fuch contraband goods before condemns-bez.zimg the tion thereof, every Rich person shall be fubjeCt to (uch pains a,nc*	and forfeitures as are inflicted by law upon persons purloining

or embezzling goods out of any captured (hip.

All papers, XIV. And be it further enaded by the authority afbre&hf, &c. found on That ffom and after the firft day of June, one thousand levee S,PtrX hundred and fifty nine, all books, papers, and writings, found brought into in any (hip or veflel taken as prize, (hall, without delay, be the regiftry of brought into the regiftry of the court or admiralty wherein fuch the admiralty} (hip or veflel may be proceeded againft, in order to condemna-but fuch only tion 5 but that fuch only of the faid books, papers, and writings, as shall be shall be made ufe of and tranfiated, as shall be agreed or mfift-thffUghh n% ^ uPon ^	?T0^0rs	fevefal parties, captors, or claim-

pro&ors^o be ants> or *n ca^e no c^aims by tbe captor or regifter, to be tranflated and necessary for afeertainihg the property of foci! (hip or veflel, and made ufe of, the cargo thereof.

&c-	XV. And be it further enfcded by the authority aforefaid, That

the cwnt of ^om aiK* a^tcr ^ ^ day	one	thoufand (even

admiralty, hundred and fifty nine, no judge, regifter, or deputy regifter, j marlha!, or deputy marihal, or any other officer whatfoever, of or belonging to any court of admiralty or vice admiralty m Great Britain or Ireland, or in any of his MajeflyY colonies or or advocate, plantations in America, or dfewhere, nor any person or persons &C 1* fthhL pradfifing either a* advocate, proftor, or otherwffe, in any fuch any waysin- court orCOUIts> be concerned or imerefted, direCUy or in-tcrefted in pri- directly, as owner, part owner* fharer, or adventurer, in any vatcers \ private (hip or (hips, or veil*! or vefiels, of war whatfoever, having any commiffion or commiffions as aforefaid: and in cafe any fuch judge, regifter, deputy regifter, marihal, deputy mtr-(hal, or other officer, advocate, or proctor whatsoever, (hall, notwithstanding this a6t, be dheftly or indire&ly concerned or interefted as aforefaid; fuch judge, regifter, deputy regifter, or marihal, deputy marfhal, Or otlter officer refpfeCtively, (hall, for fuch offence (being thereof lawfully convi&ed, either upon an on forfeiture information or an indictment) abfolutely forfeit his office and of his employ- employment in and belonging to any fuch court of admiralty or ioo?’ ^	vice a(bniralty, of what kind or nature foever fiich office or em-

100 *	ploymetit may happen to be, and shall alfo forfeit and pay to

the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs, and fucceflors, the sum of one and advocate, hundred pounds; and every Tuch advocate or proCtor refpeCtivc-&C’rfi ’y fot fuch laft-mentioned offence (being thereof lawfully praaifing in"1 convi&ed in mantlet aforefaid) be from thenceforth abfohitely the faid courts, disqualified, and rendered for ever incapable of pfaCHfing cither as an advocate or proCtor in any of his Majesty’s courts of admiralty or vice admiralty whereloever.

Regifter* and XVI. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, mar dials of That from and after the firft day of June, one thousand feven qualified from hundred and fifty nine, no regifter or deputy regifter, nor any acting as ad- marfhal or deputy marihal, of or belonging to any of his Ma-vocates or jefty’9 (aid courts of admiralty or vice admiralty whatfoever, pro&ors, (hall, either direCtly or indirectly, by himfelf or themfelves, or

by



479

1759*1 Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 25.

by any agent or agents, or other person or persons what foe ver, adt or be concerned in aty manner, either as an advocate or prodtor, in any caufe, matter, or bufinefs whatfoever, that shall be depending in any (uch court or courts of admiralty or vice admiralty, to which fuch regifter, deputy regifter, marihal, or deputy marihal, shall then belong; and that every regifter, de-

n regifter, marfhal, or deputy iriarihal, who (nail be guilty

ich offencfe (being thereof lawfully coftvidted, either upon 0n forfeiture an information or indidtment) shall from thenceforth abfolutely of their re forfeit his refoedtive office and employment of regifter, deputy fp*&iveofii-regifter, tnarmal, or deputy mfcrihal, ita and belonging to the cc*' fame court.

XVII. And be it farther enadted by the authority afote&id, Commiflion* That all and every commiflion and commiffions which have heretofore been iflued forth or granted in purfuance of the aforefakl ad o^fcffeUof f parliament made and pafled m the twenty ninth year of his pre^ fcrjor force" fent Majesty’s reigtv, to the commander or commanders of any and burthen, private (hip or (hips, or veflel or veflels, of war, in Europe, fuch than this a& (hip or (hipi, veflel or veflels, not being refpedtively of the bur- aWovv$> then of one hundred tons, and carrying each ten carriage guns, being three pounders, and forty men at the lead (except focn	fuch**

(hips or vcflfels of an inferior burthen or force whole commiflN	by the

ons shall be t'dfpriVively confirmed by any order in writing un- admiralty j der the hand or hands Of the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commiffidHers for executing the office of lord high admiral of Grcaft Britain, or any three or more of them, or any per-fon or persons by him or them impowered and appointed) (hall, from and after the firft day of July, one thousand (even hundred and fifty nine, be null and void 5 and the feme, and every are revoked, of them, is and are hereby accordingly enadted and declared to and declared be abfolutely revoked and made null and void, to all intents V0K*‘ and purposes whatfoever.	Confirmation

XVIIL Provided always, That every (uch confirmation of of commiu any commifiion as aforefaid, shall be made and granted without fions to be fee or reward.	granted with-

XIX. And, to the end that the owners of fuch /hips or veffelsy where the not being under fifty, or above one hundred, tons, whofe commijfms commifiiuns are by this aft made void, which, since the twenty Jeventh day of of inferior May, one thousand feven hundred and fifty fix, have conjiantly ferved vefftKare va* as private Jhips of war to the time of juch revocation, may not be in - nation rCV°~ jurtd thereby, it is hereby further enadted, That it shall and may His Majesty to be lawful for his Majesty, under his royal fign manual, to ap- appoint per-point fuch person or persons as his Majesty -(hall think fit to re- fon» to adjuft ceivc and adjuft the claims of fuch owners, for any lofs or da- *{j* £wners” mage they may refpedrively fuftain by reafon of the revocation for damages of any of the faid com millions hereby made void; and the fums anci tbe fums which shall by fuch person or persons, fo appointed by his Ma- certified by jefty, be certified to be due on fuch chums, shall be paid out of them, to be " the next aids to be granted in parliament.

XX.	Andy for the more fpoedy bringing of offenders to jufiice, and ne ^ to prevent the inconveniences occafimd by want of frequently holding

a





A fefiion of the court of admiralty to be held in March and

tions of piracy, &c.

Anno triccfimo secundo Georgii II. c. 2#	[1759*

a fefiion of admiralty for the trial of offences committed on the high feas ; be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the firft day of Jttney one thousand feven hundred and fifty nine, a feflion of Oyer and Terminer and gaol delivery, for the trial of offences committed upon the high feas wkhin thz o<5toberyearly, jurifdidtion of the admiralty of England* shall be held twice at the lead in every year; that is to fay. In the several months of March and October in each year, at Juftice Hall in the Old Briley ^ London; except at fuch times as the feflions of Oyer and Terminer and gaol delivery for the city of London and county of AUddlefex shall be appointed to be there held; or in fuch other place, within that part of Great Britain called England, as the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commiflioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or any three or more of them, (hall, by any letter, or order in writing, under, their hands, dire&ed to the judge 0* the high court of admiralty m England for the time being, appoint.

Commiflioner* XXI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, of the court. That from and after the firft day of June, one thousand (even and jufbees of hundred and fifty nine, it shall and may be lawful, not only to

TOwcredCtoim"anc* ^or any one or more	comtn^oners for the time be-

take informa- ing, named in the commifiion of Oyer and Terminer for the trying of offences committed within the juriidi&ion of the admiralty of England, but alfo to and for any one or more of the ju-ftices of the peace for the time being of any county, riding, divifion, or place, within that part of Great Britain called Eng-landy and they are herebyrefpe&ively authorized and impowered, from time to time, to take any information or informations of any witnefs orwitneffes in writing upon oath, touching any piracy, felony, or robbery, done or committed, or charged to have been done or committed, in or upon the fea, or in any haven, river, creek, or place, where the admiral or admirals hath or have power, authority, or jurifdi<ftion; and thereupon (if fuck commiflioner or commiflioners, or justice or juftices of the peace refpe&ively, shall fee caufe) by any warrant or warrants under his or their hand and feal, or hands and feals, to caufe the perfoo or persons accufed in fuch information or informations to be apprehended and committed to the gaol of the county or place ibe offenders \ wherein the fame information or informations shall be taken, there to remain until difeharged by due couife of law.

XXII. And it is hereby further ena&ed. That fuch of the faid commiflioners, or juftices of the peace, who shall caufe any fuch person or persons to be committed as i$ laft mentioned, (hall, and he or they is or are hereby rcfpedtively required, at the fame, time, to oblige all and every fuch other person or persons whom fuch commiflioner qr commiflioners, or justice or juftices of the peace, shall judge neceflary to profecute and give evidence againft the person or persons who shall be fo committed as afore (aid, to enter into one or more recognizance qr recognisances $0 his Majesty, in a (Efficient penalty, for his, her, or

their

and, if they fee caufe, to apprehend and commit

arul to oblige the prok^u-tors and evi* dences to enter into recog nizances, to appear and prolecute;



1759-] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. C.25.	481

their appearing at the then next feflioo of Oyer and Terminet, and gaol delivery, to be held for the jurifdiAion of the admiralty of England, thereto profecute and give evidenceagainft the person or persons who shall be committed as aforefaid : and if any per-	. - f,

fon shall refufe to enter into fuch recognisance to profecute or ^oconimit*2 * give evidence, as shall be required, he, (he, or they, fo refuting, them.

(hall be committed by any fuch commiffioner or commiflioners,

juftice or juftices, to the gaol of the county or place in which the

perfon fo refuting shall be, until the next fefllons of admiralty

(hall be held, or fuch person lhall enter into fuch recognisance

as shall be required as aforefaid; which recognizance or recogni- Recognizances

zances, together with the information or informations taken, and ihforma-

touching the offence or offences wherewith the person or perfonst,ons be

to be committed as aforefaid shall be charged, the faid Commil- ^he^egifter of*

fioner or commiflioners, or justice or juftices of the peace, be-the court, to

fore whom the fame shall be taken, (hall, and they are hereby be laid before

refpe&ively required, to tranfmit, with all convenient (peed, to *he judge* and

the regifter for the time being of the high court of admiralty of the records^

England, to be by him forthwith laid before the judge for the

time being of the lame court, and afterwards to be kept among

the records of that court.

XXIII.	And be it further enaAed by the authority aforefaid, The marfhal, That the marlhal of the admiralty for the time being, and his Sheriffs, and deputy or deputies, and all (heriffs, bailiffs, Rewards, confta-®^^

bles, headhoroughs, tythingmen, keepers of gaols and prifons, obey and*exet and all other officers whatfoever, for keeping of the peace (as cute all prewell within liberties as without) (hall, and they, and every of cept* and or-them, are hereby refpeAively authorized and required, from dcrs time to time, diligently to execute, perform, and obey all fuch juftices!™ precept and precepts, warrant and warrants, and other order and orders, as shall at any time or times hereafter be made, direAed, iffued, or given to them, or any of them refpeAively, by any one or more of the faid commiflioners named in the commiffion of Oyer and Terminer, or juftices of the peace, by virtue or in pur-fuance of this aA, touching any of the matters or things herein contained.

XXIV.	And be it further enaAed by the authority aforefaid, where an ap-That in cafe any appeal shall be interpofed from a fentence peal lhall bz given in any admiralty court, concerning any goods and effeAs interpoled which may hereafter befeifed or taken as prize, in purfuande of *rora lhc ^en“ the aforefaid aA of parliament of the twenty ninth year of his court,°con-C Majesty’s reign, or of this aA; that then, and in fuen cafe, the cerning goods judge of fuch court of admiralty shall and may, at the requeft, taken a» prize, cods, and charges, either of the captor or claimant, or of the

1 claimant only, in cafes where the privilege isreferved in favour 1 of the claimant by any treaty or treaties fubfifting between his Majesty and foreign powers, make an order to have fuch capture the capture 1 appraifed, unlefs the parties shall otherwife agree upon the value ma>' bc aP~ thereof, and an inventory taken, and then take fecurity for the fecurity ; full value thereof, and thereupon caufe fuch capture to be deli- giVen, he de-* vered to the party giving fuch fecurity, in like manner as, by the hveted to the

; Voi.xxn.	ii	faidp^n

and if there ihaH be any difficulty or objection to the giving or taking fecuri-ty, the judge may order the goods to be landed, and fold by auction,

and the money to be de-polited in the bank, See.

If fecurity be given by the claimants, judge to give the capture a pafs.

Aft to be in force during the present war with Fraucc.

Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii H. 0.26,-27. [1759.

faid former aft, fuch judge ought or could have done, before fentence given, notwithstanding fuch appeal: and if there shall beany difficulty or objeftion to the giving or taking of fecurity, the faid judge (hall, at the requeft of either of the oarties, order fuch goods and effefts to be entered, landed, and told by pub-lick auftion, as prize goods noware* under the care and cuftody of the proper officers of the cuftomrs, and under the direftion and infpeftion of fuch persons as shall be appointed by the claimants and captors; and the monies arifing by fuch lale shall be depofited in the bank of England, or in fome publick fecurities, and in the names of fuch truftees as the captors and claimants shall jointly appoint, and the court shall approve, for the ofeand benefit of the parties who shall be adjudged to be intitled thereto: and if fuch fecurity shall be given by the claimants, then it is hereby alfo enafted, That fuch judge shall give fuch capture a pafs, to prevent it's being taken again by his Majefty*s fobjefts in it’s deftined voyage.

XXV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That this aft shall continue in force during the present war with France, and no longer.

CAP. XXVI.

A" aft for applying a fum of money granted in this feflion of parliament towards carrying on the works for fortifying and fecurine the harbour of Milford in'the county of Pembroke; and to amend ana render more effeftual an aft of laft feifion of parliament, tor applying a fum of money towards fortifying the faid hartour.

Preamble, reciting a clause in aft- 31 Geo. *. to,oool. to be iflued out of the fupplies granted for the year 1759, towards fortifying the harbour of Milford. Commiflioners for putting this aft in execution. Fortifications to be erefted on the places heie mentioned, under direftion of the matter general and other officers of the ordnance. Commiflioners impowered to appoint and pay fecretaries, and other proper officers under them. Account of the application of the monies to be laid before parliament. Charges of obtaining this aft to be firft paid out of the monies granted.

CAP. XXVII.

An ail for continuing, and making more effeftual, an aft made in the nineteenth year of bis present Majejlfs reign, intituled. An aft more effectually to prevent the frauds and^abufes committed in the ad-meafurement of coals within the city and liberty of Weftminjter, and that part of the duchy of adjoining thereto, and the several parithes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and fuch part of the parish of Saint Andrew,	as	lies	in	the jeounty

of Middlesex.

WHEREAS by an aft made and faffed in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty,	An aft more

citing 19 effe&ually to prevent the muds and abufes committed in the Geo. s. admeasurement of coals within th« city and liberty of fyeftum-

fier,

 

1759 I Aniik ttfcdlmo ftcdndo Gborgii II. c. 27.	48$

titty and that part of the duchy of Lancafler adjoining thereto,

»nd the federal parrifhes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary U Ban, and fuch pan of the parish of Saint Andrew, HoWorny a$ lies in the county of Middlefiex; it was enaftedy That frm andaf-ter the twenty fourth day of September one thousand feven hundred etnd forty fix, thetefhoUld be erefted and continued within the city and liberty of Weftmioftef, one publick office, to be called by the name of The land coal meters oftke for the city and liberty of Wefimtn-fiery and which fhould^ from time to time, be managed by two persons to be nominated and appointed by his Majefiy, his heirs, and fuccejfors, and to be called and known by the nartie of The principal land coal meters for the city and liberty of iVefiminfier; and divers fees, rulesy orderly pmeriy authoritieSy penaltiesy punifhmentSy forfeituresf and provifionsr were thereby given y grantedy made, efiabhjhedy pre-feribedy and dire Hedy to be levied and infiifted refoeftivelyy for the better enforcing and carrying the faid aft into execution for the purpo-fes therein mentioned y and Which were to continue ana be in force for three yearly from the twenty fourth day of September one thousand feven hundred arid forty fiXy and to the end of the then next session of parliament: and it was1 thereby * ammgfi other things, enaftei and	$

provided, That if the driver of any cart loaded with coalsy or any person belonging thereto, or employed therewith yjhould delivery orfiuf~ fer to be delivered or taken from fitch carty any coals under bis care, othetwife than to of for the ufe of the owner or owners thereof\ and should be convifted of fuch offence, he Jhouldy for every fuch offencef forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds; and it was thereby further enafted and provided, That if any per fen or persons Jbould be diffatis-fied withy or think himfelf or herfelf aggrieved by or in the meafure of any coaliy under or by virtue of the faid at1, the fame coals Jhouldy either upon acquainting the feller of fuch coahy or the carman driving or leading the famey at any time during the delivery thereof and before the carman should be difeharged thereof by the confumery or hisy hery or their, agent or agentSy be remeafured either in the prefence of a fea coal meter, from the fea coal meten office in the city of London, or one of the metersy or their agents, appointed in purfuance of the faid afty for which there should be paid four pence for every chaldron, and no more\ and in cafe the coals fo to be re-meafured, Jbould not amount to the meafure for which they were originally fold and meafuredy the fellers of fuch coals are thereby refpeftively made liable to the penalties ana punifhments thereby infiifted, to be recovered and applied in manner therein mentioned , and thaty from and after notice should have been given in writing of any fuch diffatisfaftion or grievance as aforefaidy to the feller of fuch coals , or to the carman leading or driving t he Jame, and whilfi fuch coals Jbould fo remain in their or either of their pojpffion or power, fuch filler or carman, in whofe poffeffion or power fuch coals Jbould be at the time of fiuch notice, should not leave or depart from the cart in which fuch coals Jbould have been laden, but that he and they should remain with the famey and take all poffible care both of the coals and carty till a meter or metersy appointed in purfuance of the faid afty could be procured to re-meafure fuch coals; and they are thereby refpeftively requiredy from time to time, with all con-

I i 2	vt-

  *

Carter, &c. fraudulently delivering, or fuffering coal to be taken from his cart,

484. Anno tricesimo fectando GfioRGli II. C. 27.	[1759.

venient [peed, on notice for that purpofe to be delivered or left at the faid office in writing in any of the office hours, to attend for that purpofe: And whereas the faid aft of parliament (having by experience been found ufeful and beneficial within the city and liberty of Weft-minfter, and the other places and limits therein mentioned) wasy by three fubfequent afts, one of the twenty third, another of the twenty fourth, and another of the thirty firft year of the reign of bis present Jlfajefly, further continued until the twenty fourth day of June one ihoufand Jeyen hundred and fifty nine: And whereas it would be oj great fervice to the inhabitants of the city and liberty of Weftminfter, and the faid fevera I parts and places of the county of Middlesex* that the faid oft Jhould\ under certain rejlriftions, be further continued; and in cafe proper provifions were made for obviating mifchiefs and abufes which were not forefeen, and not Jufficiently provided for by tkt faid former aft) the fame would befill of greater benefit anftadvantage t$ the faid inhabitants, and more effeftually anfwer the purposes thereby intended: May it therefore pleafe your Majesty, that it may be ena&ed; and be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That if the driver of any cart loaded with coals, or any person belonging thereto, or employed therewith, shall deliver, or fuffer to be delivered or taken from fuch cart, any coals under his care, otherwife than to or for the ufe of the owner or owners thereof, and shall be lawfully con-tobe publickly vi&ed in fuch manner as in the faid act is mentioned; he (hall, commuted for f°revery offence, be publickly whipt, or committed to the

months houfe of corredtion, there to remain without bail or mainprizc 3 months.	^ ^ ^	^

And if coals	And	it is hereby further enaefted, That in cafe any perfon

upon remea- or persons shall be diflatisfied with, or think himfelf or herfelt furement, shall aggrieved by or in the meafure of any coals, under or by virtue fall (hort of of t^e fgjj former adt, and fuch coals shall be remeafured in they^wcrc^ori- Purfuance or under the authority of the faid adts, and (hall, ginally fold upon fuch remeafuring, fall (hort of, and be deficient of, the and meafured true quantity or meafure, at or for which the fame were originally . . contracted for, fold, and meafured; then, and in fuch cafe, So the principal coal meter or coal meters (hall, for every bu(hel pay 4.0s. for which the faid coals fo to be remeafured shall fall (hort of or be every bufhe! deficient in the true quantity or meafure fo originally contracted wantingof the for^ arKj meafured, forfeit and pay the sum of forty fhill-meaure. ings; to be recovered and applied in fuch and the fame manner as the pecuniary penalties inflicted and directed to be levied by the firft mentioned act, are thcreby ordered, directed, and appointed, to be levied, recovered, and applied respectively.

III. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any labouring coal meter shall deliver a ticket to any person or perlons for any quantity of coals, without having been present at, and feen the meafuringof, the whole quantity thereof fpecified and exprefied in fuch ticket, in every fuch cafe the principal coal meters shall forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds; to be recovered and ap-6	plied

Labouring coal meter delivering tickets for coals, which lie was not present at the nieafuriug of.

 

1759-3 Anno tricesimo secundo Geokgii IL c. 27.	485

plied in fuch manner as the pecuniary penalties, inflidted and t0 commit-directed to be levied by the firft-mentioned adt, are thereby or- f^bour for** o dered, diredted, and appointed, to be levied, recovered, and jaySj an(j j*. applied, refpedtively: and every labouring coal meter fo offend- capacited 1 ing, upon complaint thereof made unto any one or more justice a.°d the prin-or juftices of the peace for the city and liberty of IVefiminfier, or t0 *or~ for the faid county of Middlesexy and, upon due proof made to 1 5 * his or their fatisfadtion, shall be committed to the houfe of correction, there to remain, and be kept to hard labour, for any time not exceeding thirty days; and lhall be for ever rendered incapable of adting as a labouring coal meter under this adt.

IV. And whereas by an aft payed in the third year of his present Claufe in a ft Majejlys reign, it was therein enafted9 That all coals Jhould be 3 Geo. 2. tarried to the refpeftive buyers, within the limits therein mentioned^ in linen facksy fealed and marked with white paint in oil at Guildhall, London, or at the exchequer office at Weftminfter, by the proper officer there; which facks Jhall be full four feet and two inches in lengthy and fix and twenty inches in breadth, after they Jhall be made: And whereas it has been found by experience that thefe dimen-Jions have not been quite fufficienty by reafon of the great Jbrinking of the fads from wety and other caufes; be it therefore enadted, That from and after tha twenty fourth day of December one thousand fe-yen hundred and fifty nine, all facks made ufe of for the carriage Sacks to be 4 of coals within the limits mentioned in the aforefaid adt, lhall In^hci be full four feet four inches in length, and full twenty fix inches Incj^broad* In breadth, after they are made; nor lhall any of lefs dimenfions be fealed and marked at the above mentioned offices : And if any person or persons dealing in or felling coals within the limits 4°s‘P*nalt}ron aforefaid, shall ufe, or caufe to be ufed, facks of any lefs cjin)en-(ions than the dimenfions herein before diredted, every fuch (lon9. person (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the sum of forty shillings, to be recovered, levied, and applied, in fuch manner as the pecuniary penalties, inflidted and diredted to b$ levied by the faid adt of the nineteenth year of his present Majesty’s reign, are thereby diredted and appointed to be levied, recovered, gnd applied, refpedtively. *

! V. Andy for the more effieftually preventing any frauds by jalfe admeafurement of coals; it is hereby further enadted. That if any labouring person employed as a labouring coal meter shall fuffer any coal coal meter ' facks to be made ufe of for the carriage of coal$, being lefs than fackj! °f full four feet in length, and full two feet in breadth, withinfide [hanhere a?"* the fack, or shall negledt to attend and perform his duty at the lowed, or neg-wharfs, as in the faid adt of the nineteenth year of his present gie&ing his Majesty’s reign is diredted, he (hall, for eyery fuch offence, for-feit the sum of forty (hillings ; to be recovered, levied, and ap- ^o\\cuioa plied, in fuch and the like manner as the pecuniaiy penalties thereof, inflidted and diredted to be levied by the faid adt of the nineteenth year of his present Majesty’s reign, arc thereby diredted and appointed to be levied, recovered, and applied, refpedtively.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted, 'J'hat fuch justice or juftices, upon juftices as aforefaid, upon every fuch complaint fo to him or them application •	I	i	3	madeaudcoxnplair*t.

486	Anno tricesimo secundo Gporqii II. C, ?7#	{.1759.

in any of the made in the cafes before-mentioned, is and are hereby autbo-Sd* t r*ze<* an^ required to call and fummon the parties before him or mon an^exa- them, and to hear and examine every fuch complaint upon oath, mine the par- or upon affirmation of fuch witnefs or witnefles as shall be of the ties i	people called Quakers (an<f which oath or affirmation fuch jufticc

or juftices is anS are hereby refpedtively impowered pmd required andupoiy>roof to adminifter and take) and upon due proof Qf fuch offence as of the offence, aforefaid to his or their fatisfadtion to grant a warrant or war-offender111^*ants tinder his or their hand and fe'al, or hands and feals, for the commitmenr of fuch offender or offenders to the houfe of corredtion, there to remain and be dealt with as .aforefaid. Provifions re-’ VII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enadted by

lating to the the authority aforefaid. That from and after the commencement for* admeafure-

fee for the

of this adt, none of the provifions made by the faid former ad ment^f coals tbe n*neteent^ Year the reign °f his present Majesty, or by

the admeasurement at the buyer's defire.

The powers.

or puni foment; *his Prefcnt adt, relating to the payment of any fum or Aims of of dealers or money for or on account of the admeafurement or infpedtion of carters, to the admeafurement of coals, or to the puniftiment of any dealer fuch cafesVn *n coa^s» or cartcr>on account of fending, carrying, or leading, 1y^ where a”" coa*s ^rom any w^arf or place within the limits aforefaid, shall meter shall take place and be in force, except in fuch cafes only where the have attended buyer of fuch coals shall have fignified, by notice in writing to x one of thc principal coal meters, or one of the labouring coal meters, his or her defire to have the attendance of a coaJ meter to infpedt the admeafurement of his or her coals, and where a coal meter (hall, purfuant to fuch notice, attend and adtually infpedt the admeafurement of the whole quantity of fuch coals j any thing contained in the faid recited adt, or this adt, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding. ancuwwc.

VIII. And it is hereby further enadted and declared. That ic.^TV^Ge#. ^e faid adt made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his pre-fent Majesty, and continued by the (ubfequent adts herein before-mentioned and referred to, and all the powers, penalties, forfeitures, remedies, provifions, rules, orders, diredtions, claufes, matters, and things, given, granted, ordered, appointed, e ce t where P^^hcd, inferted, and contained in and by the faid adts re-autred by this fp?dtiyely, qr any of them, which are now in force (other than a&,	fo far forth as the fame, or any of them refpedtively, are varied,

altered, explained, rendered unneceffary, or otherwise provided ^or by tbe f°rpe of lhis present ad\) shall beexercifed, pradtifed, u mor e ufeds enforced, and put in execution, during the continuance, and for the purpofes, of this present adt, in as full, extenfive, and beneficial manner, to all intents and purpofes, as if the faid powers, penalties, forfeitures, remedies, provifions, rules, orders, diredtions, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly ex-preffed, and again enadted in the body bf this present adt: and bient andcon- a^° that this adt shall take effedt, continue, and be in force, tinuance of from the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thousand feven hundred and fifty nine, for and during the further term of fevea years then next enfuing, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament $ and shall be deemed, adjudged, and

taken

during the continuance of this aft.

Commence-

this aft.

i?59.] Anno tricedmo secundo Georgii II. c. 28.	487

[Publick act.]
iaken to be a publick alt, and be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons whatfoever.


CAP. XXVIII.

An act for relief of debtors with respect to the imprisonment of their persons; and to oblige debtors, who shall continue in execution in prison beyond a certain timey and for fums not exceeding what are mentioned in the a£ly to make difcovery of and deliver upon oatb9 their ejlates fof their creditors benefit.

[Preamble.]
WHEREAS many persons suffer by the opprejfion of inferior officers in the execution of procefs for debt, and the exaftion of jaylors to v)hm fuch debtors are committed: for remedy whereof, it may bereafonable not only to enforce the execution of the Jaws now in being againft fuch oppreflions and exactions, more efpecially several claufes in a ftatute made at a parliament held in the twentv second and twenty third years of the reign of King Aft 22 Sc 1 j Charles the Second (intituled. An act for the relief andreleafe of^v% a* poor diftrejfed prifoners for debt) but like wife to make fome' further provifions for the eafe and relief of debtors who shall be willing to fatisfy their creditors to the utmoft of their power; be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That no (heriff, under fheriff, officer mar. bailiff, ferjeant at mace, or other officer or minifter whatfoever, p^fon^to ** shall at any time or times hereafter convey or carry, or caufe to any tavern be conveyed or carried, any person or persons by him or them or other pub-arrefted, or being in his or their cuftody by virtue or colour of ^ hou|f* any a&ion, writ, procefs, or attachment, to any tavern, ale- ^nfent • * houfe, or other publick viftualling or drinking houfe, or to the

private houfe of any fuch qfficer or minifter, of any tenant or relation of his, without the free and voluntary confent of the person or persons foarrefted or in cuftody; nor charge any fuch nor charge person or persons with any fum of money for any wine, beer, him for liquor ale, viftuals, tobacco, or any other liquor or things whatfoever, or other fave what he, (he, or they, shall call for of his, her, or their own [han^foch *** free accord; nor shall caufe or procure him, her, or them/ to he shall freely call or pay for any fuch liquor or things, except what he, (lie, or and parncu-#thcyj shall particularly and freely a(k for; nor shall demand, larly call for; take, or receive, or caufe to be demanded, taken, or received, j?0°rr CapTionor direftly or indireftly, any other or greater fum or fums of mo- attendance, ney than is or shall be by law allowed to be taken or demanded any other than for any arreft or taking, or for detaining, or waiting till the per- h*s Jegal fce* fon or persons fo arrefted or in cuftody shall have given an appearance or bail, as the cafe shall require, or agreed with the person or persons at whofe fuit or profecution he, (he, or they shall be taken or arrefted, or until he, (he, or they, shall be fent to the proper gaol belonging to the county, riding, divifion, city, town,

I i 4	*	or

48 8	Anno tricesimo fccundo Georgii II. c. 2 8. [17	$9.

nor exaft any or place, where fuch arreft or taking shall be; nor shall exadt or gratuity mo- ta|ce any	gratuity,	or money, for keeping the person or

nor carry his persons fo arrefted or in cuftody out of gaol or prifon 5 nor shall prifoncr to carry any fuch person to any gaol or prifon within four and twen-gaol within ty hours from the time of fuch arreft, unlefs fuch person or per-hts arreft * kns> arre^cc*> re^ufe t0 carried to fome fafe and con-lefs h^fhaU*1 venient dwelling houfe of his, her, or their own nomination or refufeto be appointment, within a city, borough, corporation, or market carriedtofome town, in cafe fuch person or persons shall be there arrefted ; cr lafe houfe ot within three miles from the place where fuch arreft shall be made, pointrnentP ^ ^ame ma(*c out of any city, borough, corporation,

within fome or market town, fo as fuch dwelling houfe be not the houfe of city pr town, the person arrefted, and be within the county, riding* divifion, if arrefted or liberty, in which the perfot) under arreft was arrefted} and includes” t^en> in any fi?ch <?afe, it shall be lawful to and for any fuch thereof. (heriff, or other officer or minifter, to convey or carry the perfai or persons fo arrefted, and refufing to be cafrjed to fuch fafe and convenient dwelling houfe as aforefaid,to fuch gaol or prifon as he, (he, or they,-may be fent to, by virtue of thegdtion, writ,cr procefs, againu him, her, or them.

Nor may offi- II. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That ccr take tor pp lheriff, under (heriff, bailiff, ferjeant at mice, or other offi-d'e 1<>df ouJer cer or Per^on> ^a**> at any t*me or t*mcs hereafter, take or re-elTpences^fCr ce^ve anY ot^r or greater fum or fums for one or more nights fuch prifoncr, lodging, or fpr a day’s diet, or other expences of any person cr more than shall persons under arreft, oq any writ, aftion, attachment, or procefs, hp allowed, in pther than what shall be allowed as reafonable in fuch cafes by anorder of ^ or(^er or order$ already made, or which shall Jiereafter be the juftice$ in made, by the juftjees of the peace at fome general or quarter (d-fions which shall be held for the county, riding, divifton, city, town, or place, where fuch arreft or taking shall be, who 2rc hereby authorized and required, with all convenient expedition, to make fome (landing order or orders for afeertaining fuch charges and expences, within their refpedlive counties, ridings, divifions, citjes, towns, and jurifdidtions, if the fame hath cr have hot already been there made; and if any fuch order or orders hath or have been tl\ere already made, fuch juftices for the time being, at their refpe&ive general or quarter feflions, arc hereby authorized and required to vary or alter the fame, from time to time, as they shall fee occafion; and alfo are hereby required to caufeacopy of every fuch order, and of every variation feme coni"i- or a*terat*on thereof, (igned by the plerk of the peace of every cucrnsCpart^of fuch county, riding, divjfioq, city, town, or place, refpe<5livelv, the feflions to be put and kept up in fome confpfeuous place in the feflions ^houfe,or other houfe, or fome other proper place, of every fuch * relpe&he

their general or quarter feflions, which order they are required to mike with all expedition \

a copy where of is to be

proper place.

Sheriffs, and the feconda-

county, riding, divifion, city, tovyn, or place, as fuch juftices lhall order, fo as the fame may be there feen and examined as occafion may require.

III. Jndy to the intent that no person may fuffer hy reafon cf biignorance of the provifons made by this oft, be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That all and every (heriff, under

(heriff,

1759*1 Anno tricefiffio secundo Georgii II. C. 28.	489

(heriff, and bailifF of any liberty, and alfo the refpe<ftive fecond- nes of the ’aries and clerks fitters in the refpeeftive compters in London, all other perfonsintruded with the execution of procefs, or who^d^opiMof " shall enter any actions, or make any warrant or warrants, or any thefe claufes writ or procefs, in order to have the fame executed, shall deliver to bailiff* and a printed copy of thefeveral claufes contained in this a<ft relating0111*1, °®c?r# to bailiffs, ferjeants, and other officers and persons who shall be ^execution employed under them refpetftively to execute any writ, procefs, of writs, &c. or attachment, or who shall arreft any person on any action which and make it a shall beentered,orotherwife,withintheirrefpecftivefheriffwicksor Part thc jurifdilftions, to every fuch bailifF, ferjeant, officer, and other perfon,	^

and shall make it part of the condition of every fecurity or bond be given by which shall be given or made to any fuch fheriff or under fherifF, them, that or bailiff of any liberty, by any bailiff, ferjeant at mace, or other thT	11 fl3CW

officer or perfon, wfio shall be employed or intrufted to execute of^he* any fuch writ or procefs as aforefaid under him, them, or any of faid claufes to them, that every fuch bailifF, ferjeant at mace, or officer, and the prifener, other person refpedttvely, shall and will fhew and deliver a copyrie?J to a of the faid claufes to every person he shall arreft by virtue of any procefs, action, writ, or attachment, or under any warrant made him or hi* out thereon, and carry or go with to any publick or other houfe friend to read where any liquor shall be fold ; and alfo shall and will permit thc fanae» every fuch person who shall be fo arrefted, or any friend of him oror vie-" or her, to read over the fame claufes, before any liquor, meat, or tuals be vi<ftuals, shall be, at any fuch publick or other houfe, called for, brought or or brought to, any fuch person who shall be fo under arreft ^Ned there; and in cafe any bailiff, ferjeant at mace, or other officer	*	thc

or perfon, fhall, in any refpeeft, oflfend in the premifles, every premifles, be-fuch offence, befides the breach of the condition of every fuch tides the fecurity bond,’ shall be accounted and deemed a mifdemeanor in breach ofoo-the execution of the procefs or a<ftion on which any fuch per- ™ fon was arrefted, and shall be punifhable as fuch by virtue of ed for a mif-this ademeanor.

IV. And be it further ena<fted by the authority aforefaid, Sheriff* and That every fheriff, under fheriff, bailiff of any liberty, gaoler and £aol?V0 keeper of any prifon or gaol, and other person and persons, to	m

whofe cuftody or keeping any one hath been, or hereafter shall fcnd f0r, 0r be, arrefted, taken, committed, or charged in execution, by vir- have brought tue of any writ, procefs, or atftion, or attachment, fhall, at allto them,, vic-times hereafter, permit and fuffer every fuch person and persons, fj^^hat F during his, her, and their refpe<ftive continuance under arreft or piace they * in cuftody, or in execution for any debt, damages, cofts, or con- shall thin* fit j tempt, at his, her, and their free will and pleafure, to fend for, or have brought to him, her, or them, at feafonable times in the day time, any beer, ale, vicftuals, or other fttceflary food, from what place he, (he, or they shall think fit, or can have the fame; ^ tQ have and alfo to have and ufe fuch bedding, linen, and other necef- and ufe fuch fary things, as he, fhe, or they shall have occafion for and think bedding and fit, or shall be fupplied with, during his, her, or their continu-linen, &c. a* ance under any fuch arreft or commitment, without purloining or detaining the fame, or any part thereof, or inforcing or re- ^

quiring plied with,

Ago	Amo	trlccfixno	fecundoGEoEGli	II.	c	*8.	£17&

without pur- quiring him, her, or them, to pay for the bavingor ufing there-loiuing ondc- ^ or putting any manner of reftraint or difficulty upon him* oflor'^lieiife ber> or t^iem> in *he ufing thereof, or relating thereto ; and no them to pay 5 fuch prifoner or prifoners lhall pay any thing in refpctjfc therefor the (aroe. of to any fuch fheriff, under fheriff, bailiff of any liberty, gaoler, keeper, or other penon as aforefaid.

The L. C. Ju. V. Xnd be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Thar fticei of the |ord chief justice of the court of King’s Bench, the lord chief Confinon^0 ’juftice of the court of Common Picas, and the lord chief baron of Pleas, and Ex- the court of exchequer, for the time being, or any two of them, chequer, *itb together with the mayor and two of the aldermen, or with throe the mayor 0f tj}C aldermen of the city of London without the mayor for the dermein of" ^mcf°r a°d in refpe^ of the gaols and prifons within the Xondon,for faid city of London; and the faid lordschief juftices, and lord the prifwvs chief baron, or any two of them, with three juftices of the pe^ce within the 0f t[ie counties of Middlesex and Surry refpe&ively, for and in rc-suid the L C. *Pe<^ °f the gaols and prifons in the faid counties of Af:ddlejis Indices, and and Surry refpedtively j are hereby refpeclively required, vri± L. C. Baron, all convenient fpced, to meet, from time to time, at fuch plact with three as they shall think fit and appoint, and there to fettle and eftabliihz pcacCcforMid-ta^e the rates and fees which shall be allowed to be taken bj dldtxandSur any gaoler or keeper in Loudon, or in the several counties of Md-ry, lor the dlcfex and Surry, where the fame hath not been already eftablilh-pnfons in the ecj. and where the fame hath been already eftablifhed, they are tojnce^and** hereby refpeftively authorized to meet together as aforefaid, and vary the fame from time to time as they shall fee occafion ; and the juftices of the peace of every -other county, riding, division, city, and place, for and in refpeeft of the gaols and pri/bns in each other relpe<ftive county, riding, diyifion, city, town, and place, are hereby refpedtiveiy authorized and required, at any general or quarter fefiion of the peace to be held for fuch county.

riding, divifion, city, town, or place refpe&ively, with all convc-tle and eftaMifh a table of the refpedtive rates

fettle a table of the fees to .be taken by the relpeftive gaoler* there oii

and to vary the fame as

occafion" r“ nienffpeed, to fettl and jultices at and fees, which shall be allowed to be takep by any gaoler or their general keeper, within their refpedtive jurifdi&ions, where the fame hath or quarter not been already fettled and eftablifhed, and where the fame ha h wace\o ^ been already fettled and eftablifhed, then to vary and alter the make liketa• fame, from time to time, as there shall be occafion; and that bles of fees to the refpe&ive tables of fuch fees which shall be fo made, varied, tak^n by or a*tcr^» or in refpedfc of the several gaols and prifons with-withmtheir *n t^c Clty London, and counties of MtddUfex and Surry afore-refpedive ju- shall be figned, from time to time, by the faid lords chief rifdiftions. jviftices, and lord chief baron? or two of them, and the mayor Tables of the and two aldermen of the faid city of London, or by three alder-don Middle- men	^ c*ty London without the mayor, and by three

fex/and Surry Ju^lces °f Peace of the counties of Middlesex and Surry re-gpois, to be 7 fpedlivelv, within their refpedfive jurifdi&ions, by whom the %nod by the fame shall he refpedtively made, varied, or altered; and that the tables of fuch fees, which shall be made, or altered, or varied, the	f°r or in refpeft of the reft of the faid gaols and prifons, (hall,

tbofe for other from time to time, be figned by three or more of the juftices of places to be	the

1759*1 Anno trfc{(kK>J^r>do GpoRGtt II. c. 28,	49X

the peace who shall fo make or vary, or alter, the feme, at any figned by 3 fuch general or quarter session of the peace as ^fprefiiid, and shall iu^*8 |>c afterwards reviewed and confirmed, or moderated, within that jjons part of Great Britain called England, by the judges of affize, and and to be re-lf within the principality of Walts, or county palatine pf Cht/ler, viewed, con* by the juftices of greit fefllons refpe<3ivel.y, at the next afl5izes,fir”5cd,fQ^ K or great feffions, which shall be held in the refpe&ivc counties, (£e ]udge**of within their several circuits next after the making, or varying, pr aflize, or ju-altering of any fuch table of fees; and *he femje shall be after- fticc* pf wards figned by the refpeSive judges of affize, or juftices of great ^?n8* wi^ feffions, who mall refpe&ively review, confirm, or moderate the qjctfive qir-fame, and three or more juftices of the peace of fuch refpo&ivc cuitj, county, riding, divifion, city, town, or place, under their refpec- and be after-tive hands, for and in refpe# of the retpe<ftiye gaols and prifons %^lcd within their refpe&ive circuits, counties, riding, divifioqys, ci- cm* ties, towns, or jurifdidtiQns.	.	.

VI. And be it al(b enabled by the authority aforefaid. That Jertfor the^ proper rules and orders for the better government of the rcfpetf- better go-ive gaols and prifops in that part of Great Britain called Eng- vernment of land, and of the prifoners wjho are or shall be therein, where the gaols, and , fuch rules and orders have not ahjeady been made, ftiall, with JJ^f^ all convenient fpeed, be made by the several courts in Wefimin- made by the Jler Hall, for and in re(pc& of the several gaols or prifons be- refpeaive longing to fuch courts refpeftively -f and by the faid lords chief courts in juftices, and lord chief baron, or any two or more of them, to-	the

gether with the mayor and two aldermen of the faid city of Lon- gao^ t£[ong. don, or three or more aldermen pf the faid city of London with- me to fuch put the faid mayor, for and ip refpe&of the gaols and prifons courts * within the faid city pf London ; and by the feid lords chief juftices, ^Tuitioe* ** and lord chief baron, or any two pf them, fpr the time being, andL. C*ku together with three or more juftices of the peace, for and in re- ron, with the fpedt of the gaols and prifons within the (aid counties of AfiidU- mayor and Jex and Suny; and by three or more juftices of the peace of each f^tho^^th* county, riding, or divifion, city, borough, town corporate, or hTlxmdon1; *

!>lace, for and in refpedt of the gaols and prifons within their re- and by the* peftive counties, ridings, divifion?, cities, boroughs, townsL* J*itices corporate, or places, at (ome general or quarter feffions, as afore-‘and L* ?* Ba’ faid; and the fame shall afterwards be reviewed, and may bf j^S(Ccs0f the altered, if thought necefiary, by the judge or judges of affile, or peace, tor juftjfe or juftices of great feffions refpc£ively, at the next affixesthofe*n Mid* or great feffions which shall be held by them refpe&ivcly, with- dlefex apd in their several circuits, after the making or altering of any fuch and by 3 ]u-rules or orders; and where any rules or order? for regulating or dices of the governing any fuch gaols or prifons have already been made, or peace, for hereafter lhall be made, the lame may, at all times hereafter, betholc ,n any enlarged, altered, or amended, as there shall be occafion, by the &cicr countyf refpective courts in IVeflminfter Hall, and other the persons for Thefe to be fhe time being refpe&ively authorized by this a<ft to make and afterwards realter the fame : and after every making, enlarging, altering, or and amending thereof, all fuch rules or orders fo enlarged, altered, ^ja^b jugtcr*

* pr amended, shall be figned by the judges of each jrefpe&ivc court judges of af-

in fixe, and ju-

492	Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 28,	[1759.

(licet of great in Wejlminjler Hall^ where any fuch rules or orders shall b« madej fefllons re- enlarged, altered, or amended, for and in refpedt of the prifons and Pr^oners belonging to the faid courts refpe&ively; and in enlarged, al- rcfp®& to the other gaols or prifons, or the prifoners therein, by teredfora- the refpe&ive persons, for the time being, hereby before autho-mended as rized to make, and review, or alter, fuch rules or orders, with-occSon^ *n t^ie^r re^Pe<^lve jurifdiflions, as aforefaid: and duplicates d and tobe du- cvery ta^e°* ^ces wbich shall be made, enlarged, altered, H fiened. or varied, and of all rules or orders which shall be hereafter mack Duplicates of for regulating any gaol or prifon in purfuance of this aft, belong-*d taWes^f *n£to ^ re*Pe<^vc courts in Wejiminjler Hall, shall be en-fe”* tobe 0t terC(^ anc* enrolled on record in every fuch refpedlive court, bj enrolled, and the proper officer thereof, without any fee to be paid for the fame; entered upon and a like duplicate of every fuch table of fees, rules, or ord<p, record in the which shall befo made, varied, altered, or amended, and which proper courts* shall concern or relate to any other gaol or prifon, or the prifoners therein, in that part of Great Britain called England, (hail, from time to time, with all convenient fpeed after the making or altering, enlarging or varying thereof, be tranfmited to the refpedtive clerks of the peace of the several counties, ridings, divifions, cities, or places, in or for which the fame shall be ntade, altered, enlarged, or varied, and shall be by every fuch refpedlive derk of the peace, entered or regiftered on the rolls thcrtoATbe t*,c refpc<^ve feffions without fee; and every fuch clerk of hung up in all thc peace shall caufe another copy thereof to be hung up in the courts of af- court where every affize? great feffions, or quarter feflions of the great peace, for every fuch county, riding, divifion, city, or place re-quarter* fcif- fpedively, within his jurifdidion, (nail be held, there to remain honsj " and be infpeded as occafion shall require; and shall alfo cauie and tranfmit- another copy thereof to be tranfmitted to every gaoler or keeper ted to the re- Qf any prifon, within the jurifdiction of any fuch,refpe<5Hve clerfc fpective gaol- Qf the peace; and every fuch gaoler or keeper shall forthwith, and kept hung after the receipt of any fuch table of fees, rules, or orders, caufe up in fome 6 the fame to be hung up in fome open or publick room or place, publick room and in a confpicuous manner, in his gaol or prifon; and it shall fonaCh be *ncumbcnt on every fuch gaoler or keeper, to take care that the fame (hall, from time to time, be kept up there, and preferv-ed, fo as that the prifoners in his gaol or prifon may have free and eafy refort thereto, at feafonable times in the day time, as occafion shall require, without paying any thing for the fame. Courts in VII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Weftminfter That the several courts of record in fPeJlminfter Hall aforefaid Hall to enquire	hereafter, in every Michaelmas term, appoint fome day in

™er%ch*a-~ term> t0 inquire whether fuch table of fees, and fuch rules blcs of fees or orders, as aforefaid, are hung up, and remain publick, and and orders eafy to be reforted to, in the several prifons to the faid courts re-are duly hung fpe<$lively belonging, and whether the fame be dqly complied pKed'with,111"	and	obferved	;	and	(hall	caufe	eight	days notice to be given

and to give in every fuch Michaelmas term, to the prifoners in every of the notice to the refpedtive prifons belonging to (he faid refpedlive courts in If^ejl*

the^?Clea^ miTlfter Hdll> of the time appointed For fuch inquiry, and shall t ie time ap-	in.

*759-] Anno tficefimofecundo Georgii II. c*28.	493

inform themfelves touching the fame in the beft manner they po^d for can, and fupply and redrefs whatever they shall find negleded or fuch in<luiry* tranfgrefled.	T	,

VIII.	And be it alfoenaded by the authority aforefaid. That juitices of af-the judges and juftices of affize, gaol delivery, and great feffions fize, &c.to as aforefaid refpedively, within their refpedive jurifdidions, make a like ihall,at all affizes and feffions of gaol delivery and great feffions, mclu,rys

as aforefaid, which shall hereafter be held by them, make enquiry whether fuch table of fees, and rules or orders, as aforefaid, are hung up, and remain publick, to be reforted to in the ’ several gaols or prifons within their refpedive jurifdidions, and *JJd r^ef8 whether the fame be duly complied with, and obferved: and what (hail be ihall inform themfelves touching the fame in the bed manner necessary * they can, and fupply and redrefs whatever they shall find neg- a£d charge leded or tranfgrefled relating thereto, and shall exprefsly give in juJLg[omake charge to every grand jury impanelled and fwom before them Injuries refpedively, to make enquiries concerning the fame.	therein.

IX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That Courts at

the several courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, Weftminfter, judges of affize, and juftices of great feffions, and juftices of the	juftices ~

peace within their refpedive jurifdidions, and all commissioners of peace, and for charitable ufes, do, from time to time, ufe their beft endea- commiflioners vours and diligence to examine after and difeover the several f°r charitable gifts, legacies, and bequefts, beftowed or given for the benefit

or advantage of the poor prifoners in the several gaols or prifons quireconcera-within their refpedive jurifdidions; and they are hereby feve- ing bequefts rally authorized, within their refpedive jurifdidions, to fend for, to poor pri-and caufe to be brought before them refpedively, any deeds, [°n^sd for wills, writings, books of account, and papers, as they shall re- a° ycpapers ceive information of to be in the cuftody of any person within and persons their refpedive jurifdidions, and to concern the premiffes ; and that may give alfo may fummon, and caufe to come before them refpedively, tbere-any perlon or persons whom they shall have any juft reafon toap- in* prehend may be able to make any difcovery concerning the fame; and they are hereby authorized, within their refpedive jurifdic-tions, to examine any fuch person or persons on oath, in order to get at a true difcovery thereof, and to order and fettle the pay- and to fettle ment, recovery, and receipt of any fuch gifts, legacies, or be- thc payment, quefts, when fo difeovered and afeertained, in fuch eafy and ex- ^dpTof fuck peditious manner and way as shall bethought proper by them re- bequefts. fpedively, that the prifoners for the future may not be defrauded, but may, without delay, receive the full benefit of all fuch gifts, legacies, and bequefts, according to the true intent of the refpedive donors thereof.

X.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That Table of be-a lift or table of fuch gifts, legacies, and bequefts, for the bene- nefaflions to fit of the prifoners in every gaol or prifon refpedively, as afore- be tranfmitted faid, (hall, after every fettling thereof, be tranfmitted by the per- *°» a®d regj-fons hereby authorized to fettle the fame, unto the clerks ot the Clerks oi the peace of the refpedive counties or places, and shall be regiftered pcacCj by them refpedively, in thc manner tables of fees and orders are herein

and a\fo to the gaolers of the prifons tO' which the fame relate, and be hung up in Tome publick prate of fuch pri-fons.

Where gaolers, bailiffs, or others, shall be guilty of extortion, or other abufet, the court, See. upon petition of the prifon-er, is to examine into the farte in a film-mary way j

and make fuch order thereupon, for

Anno triedfimo fetoikto Gsoft&fi fl, C.2&	£

herein befone directed to be raftered by them without any fee to be pa&cbr tho facile; a Ad that a Kft or table of fuch gifts, legacies, and bequefts, shall be fairly written send tranfmitted, by order of fuch peffons as aforefaid, to the gaoler or keeper of every gaol or prifon to which the gifts, charities, or bequefts, therein contaftiekftdate, and forthwith after the receipt thereof, shall be hung up by the gaoler or keeper, who (hail reactive the fame, in a cortfpieuous mfcArier m fomtf pubKck ptaee m his gaol or prifon, and where the priforiers in fiich gaol or prifon may have free and eafy rfefort thereto, as occafionmay require, witnout fee ; and it shall be the duty of every fuch gaoler or keeper, to take care that every fudh lift or table of gifts which shall be tranfmitted to any fuch gaol or prifon, or a true? copy thereof, (hall, from time to time thereafter, be kept huftg up as aforefaid in his refpedtive gaol or prifon.

XI.	And, for the more Jpeedy fumjbing gaolers, bailiff's, and o-tbers, employed in the execution of procefs, for extottion, or other abufes in their refbeftive offices and places, be it further en&dtad by the authority aforefaid, That upon the petition, in term time, of any prifoner or person being, or having been, under arreft or in cuftody, complaining of any exaction or extortion by any gaoler, bailiff, or other Officer or pef(bn,< ini or employed in the keeping or taking care of any gaol or prifon, or otner place, where any fuch prifoner or person under, or having been under, arreft or in cuftody, by any procefs or adHon, is or shall have beeh carried or in refpedt of the arrefting or apprehending any person or persons, by virtue of any procefs, kdfion, or warrant, or of any other abufe whatfodver committed or dbne in their refpec-tive offices or places, unto any of his MajeflVs courts of record at Weftminfltr, from whence the procefs ifiued, by which any person who shall fo petition was arrefted, or under whofe power or jurifdidtion any fuch gaol, prifon, or place, is; or in Vacation time, to any judge of any fuch courtsat WeJlminJfer, from whence any fuch procefs fo ifliied; or to the judges or aflize, or juftices of great feflions, in their refpedlive circuits; or to the judge or judges of any other court of record, where any prifoner or person being, or having been, under at+eft or in cuftody, Was arrefted or in cuftody by procefs iflued out of, or adtion entered in, ahy fuch other court of record within that part of Great Britain called England; and if within the principality of Wales, or county palatine of Ghefler, then to the juftices at feme great feflions tb be holden for the county in the principality of Wales, or for the county palatine of Cbefter, where any fuch prifoner or person being, or having been, under arreft or in cuftody, was arrefted or in cuftody, in the faid principality of Wales, or county palatine of Cbefter; every fuch court, judges of aflize, and juftices of great feflions, and judge and judges of all inferior courts of record, are hereby authorized and* required refpedhvely, within their fc-veral juriididtions, to hear and determine the fame in a fummary way, and to make fuch order thereupon for redrefling the abufes which (hall, by any fucb petition, be complained of, andibr pu-

Ili Ox-

r759*] Anno trfcefimo fccundo Georgii II. c. 2ft.	495

nifhirtg fadi officer or person complained againft, and for making redreflmg the reparation to the party or parties i -.tired, as they shall think a^1l<iQ,i^n<Jhe juft, together with the full cofts of every fuch complaint; and offender,8 at all orders and determinations which shall be thereupon made, they shall by any of the faid courts, or any of the faid judges, juftices of thi‘ik juft; aflize, juftices of great feflions, judge or judges of any fuch in-ferior court as aforefaid refpeCtively, in fuch fummary way as is c°^ td herein preferibed, shall have the lame effect, force, and virtue, order*, and obedience thereunto may be inforced by the refpeCtive courts,, judges, juftices of aflize, juftices of great feflions, judge or judges of any fuch inferior court, by attachment, or in any other manner, as other orders of the faid refpeCtive courts, judges, juftices of aflize and great feflions, judge or judges of inferior courts of record, may be inforced.

XII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,- Qao|crt^ ta^e That no gaoler or keeper of any goal, or prifon, or other per- no other fees fon thereto belonging, fhafl demand, take, or receive, direCtly than what or indirectly, of any prifoneror prifoners, for debt, damages, Piall bca]{°w-cofts, of contempt, any other or greater fee or fees whatsoever }”CatcVtaWen" for his, her, or their commitment, or coming into gaol, cham- Qf fccs.

her rent there, releafe or difeharge, than what shall be mentioned of allowed in the lift or table of fees which is or shall be fettled, inrolled, and regiftered as aforefaid; and that every and (beriffs (heriff, under (heriff, bailiff of any liberty, bailiff, ferjeant at anc! othfr rtiace, gaoler, and other officer and person as aforefaid, who lhall in any wife offend againft this aCt, (hall, for every fuch Jim to offence againft this present aCt (over and above fuch penalties or forfeit jol. punifhments as he or they shall be liable unto by the laws now (cxcUifive of in force) forfeit and pay to the party thereby aggrieved the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered with treble cofts of fuit, by party aggriev-aCtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Ma- td. jefty’s courts of record at Wejlminjler \ wherein no eflbin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XIII.	And, for the eafe and relief of prifoners who Jball be charged in execution for any fum or Jums of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of one hundred pounds, and who Jball be willing to satisfy their refpeftive creditors ff far as they are able, be it further	1

enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the Debtor charg-fifteenth day of June, one thousand (even hundred and fifty nine, «d exteu-if any person or persons lhall be charged in execution for any ^r^nys fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of jJoTexceeding one hundred pounds, or on which execution or executions there 1001. &c.

(hall at any time remain due, as shall be made appear by oath, a fum or (urns of money, not amounting to above the laid fum of one hundred pounds, and shall be minded to deliver up to his, her, or their creditor or creditors who shall fo charge him, her, or them, in execution, all his, her, or their estate and effects, for or towards the fatisfaCrion of the debt or debts wherewith he, (he, or they, shall fo ftand charged ; it shall and may may exhibit a be lawful to and for any fuch prifoner, before the end of the firlt pewtion to the

term C0U1 b

4g6	Anno tricesimo fccundo Georgii II. c. 28.	L*75$

term which shall be next after any fuch prifoner shall be chargd in execution by his creditor or creditors, to exhibit a petition td any court of law, from Whence the procefs ffliied upon whic1 any fuch prifoner was or were taken agd charged in execution as aforefaid, or to the court into which any fuch prifoner (hal be removed by Habeas Corpus, or shall be charged in cuftodj, and shall remain in the prifon thereof, certifying the caufe cr caufes of his, her, or their imprifonment; and not only letting forth, in every fuch petition, a juft and true account of all th; real and perfonal estate which he, (he, or they fo petitioning, or any person or persons in truft for him, her, or them, is, was, Tonal estate at or werc intitled to at the time of his, her, or their fo petition-^VcharW inS> anc* Incumbrances and charges (if any there be) af-

----fedin^ any fuch real or perfonal estate of the person or perform

fo petitioning, but alfo a juft and true account of all the real and perfonal estate which any fuch prifoner or prifoners, or any person or persons in truft for him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their ufe, was or were interefted in, or intitled to, at th: time of his, her, or their firft imprifonment, in the a&ion ia which fuch person is charged in execution, either in pofleffion, reverfion, remainder, or expectancy, to the bed of the belief ot every fuch prifoner or prifoners, and fo far as his, her, or their refpe&ive knowledge extends concerning the fame; and like-wife a juft and true account of all fecurities wherein any part of the eftates of any fuch prifoner or prifoners confifts, and of all the deeds, evidences, writings, books, bonds, notes, and papers, concerning the fame, or relating thereto * and the names and places of abode of the witnefles to all fecurities, bonds, or notes, and where they are to be refpedtively met with, fo far as his, her, or their knowledge extends concerning the fame : and before any fuch petition from any fuch prifoner or prifoners shall be received by any fuch court, every fuch prifoner or prifoners shall give or leave, or caufe to be given or left, unto or for all and every the creditor or creditors at whofe fuitany fuch prifoner or prifoners shall ftand charged in execution as aforefaid, or his, her or their executors or adminiftrators, and at his, her, or creditor,or his their ufual place of abode, or to or for his, her, or their at-attomey, at tomey or agent laft employed in any fuch aftion, fuit, caufe or caufes, in cafe any fuch creditor or creditors, his, her* or their executors or adminiftrators, cannot be met with, but not otherwife, fourteen days at leaft before any fuch petition shall be prefented and received, a notice in writing, figned with the proper name or mark of every fuch prifoner or prifoners, importing therein, That fuch prifoner or prifoners as aforefaid, doth or do intend to petition the court from whence the procefs iflued, upon which he, (he, or they ftand charged in execution, 6r into the prifon to which any (uch prifoner shall have been removed by Habeas Corpus, or shall ftand charged in execution on any judgement, recovered on any bill or declaration filed or with a copy of delivered in any fuch court; and alio fetting forth in every fuch the fcheduie notice or writing, a true copy of the account or fchedule, in-

certifying therein the caufes of his imprifonment, with a fchedule of his real and per-

affe&ing the fame,

and alfo the itate of his effefts at the time of his firft imprisonment.

and the fecurities, bonds, notes, and books, relating thereto, with the names and places of a-bode of the witneftes.

14 days previous notice of fuch intended petition to be given to the

ley,

whofe fuit he is charged in execution s

he intends to

eluding

i7$9*] Anno tricefimh secundo GEofcGii II. C. 2$.	497

eluding the whole refcl and perfonal estate of the person or per- deliver into fons fo defigning to petition, which he, (he, or they doth or do courcv intend to deliver into any fuch court (other than and except the neceflary wearing apparel and bedding of the prifoner or prifon-ers, and his, her, or their family, and the tods or inftruinents of his, her, or their trade or calling, not exceeding ten pounds Affidavit of in value in the whole) and an affidavit of the due ferviceofevery tbedue fer. fuch notice shall be delivered with every fuch petition, at the VIC® of time of prefenting thereof, and openly read in the court to delivered at which any fuch petition shall be addrefied : and if fuch court the fame time shall thereupon be fatisfied of the regularity of every fuch notice, with the peti-fuch petition shall be received, and fuch court shall thereupon, tlon lnto by order or rule of the fame court, caufe the prifoner or pri- rca<Topenly 1 foners fo petitioning to be brought up to fuch court, on fome and a rule to certain day in fuch order or rule to be fpecified, and the credi- be made, upon tor, or several creditors, at whofe fuit any fuch prifoner or pri- recei ving the foners shall (land charged in execution, as aforefaid, his, her, j^**?”* t{£ or their executors or adminiftrators, to be fummoned to appear prifoner into perfonally, or by his, her, or their attorney, in fuch court, at court, and fome certain day to be (perilled in fuch rule or order for that purpofe: and if any creditor or creditors of any fuch prifoner or ^ creditor, prisoners, who shall be fo fummoned, his or her executors or an(j tbe cre-adminiftrators, shall appear in perfon, or by his, her, or their at- dhor appear-tomey; or if any fuch creditor or creditors, his or her executors inS ?r no* aP* or adminiftrators, shall refufe or negleri to appear in perfon, or P*armg therc* by his, her, or their attorney; then upon affidavit of the due oath being (ervice of fuch rule or order on him, her, or them, or his, made of the her, or their attorney, if any fuch creditor or creditors, his, due fervice of her, or their executors or adminiftrators, Cannot be met with, court to fuch court (hall, in a fummary way examine into the matter of examine into every fuch petition, and hear what can or shall be alledged on the matter of either fide, for or againft the difeharge of any fuch prifoner or th<? petition in prifoneis who shall fo petition ; and upon fuch examination, * fummary every fuch court is hereby required to adminifter or tender to and admini-the prifoner or prifoners refpeftively who shall fo petition, and fter the oath give fuch previous notice thereof as herein before is directed, following to an oath to the effect following : that is to fay,	tht Pnfoncr*

I A. B. do Jwear, in tht prefence of Almighty God, That the ac- The oath.

count by me fit forth in my petition prefented to this honourable courts doth contain a full and true account of the real and perfonal	'

ejlate, debtSy creditSy and effefis whatfoever, which /, or any in truft for me, at the time of my firfe imprifonment in this aRion, or at any time feme, had, or was in any refpeR intitled to, in pojfcjfeon, reverfion, or remainder (except the wearing apparel and bedding of or for me and my family, and the tools or inftruments of my trade or callingy not exceeding ten pounds in value in the whole) and alfo an account bow much of my real and perfonal ejlate, dcbtSy credits, or effeftSy hath fence been difpofed ofy releafed, or iifehargedy and how, to whomy and on what confederation, and for what purpofey and how much thereof /, or any person or persons tn trufl for me, have, or, at Vol. XXII.	Kk	the



498	Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c.a8. L* 759*

the time of my prefenting my fiAd petition to this honourable court, bad, or which 1 am or was, or any person in truft for me, or far my kfe, is any ways interejled in, or intitled to, in pojfeffi*ny rettrr-fion, remainder, or expetlancy, and alfo a true account of all deeds, writings, books, papers, fecurities, bonds, and notes, relating thereto, and where the fame refpeflivefy now are, to the befi of my knowledge and belief, and what charges are now afftfling the real efate I am now feifed of, or intitled to (if any fuch prifoncr or prisoners £hall be then feifed of any real eftate) and that I have not, at any time before or since my imprifonment, dire&ly or indire&iy, fold, leafed, afftgned, mortgaged, pawned, or otherwife difpofed of or made over in trujl for myfelf, or otherwife than is mentioned in fitch account, any part of my meffaages, lands, tenements, eftatesy goods, flock, money, debts, or other real or perfonal efiate, whereby to have or accept any benefit, advantage, or profit, to myfe f or my family, or with any view, aefign, or intent, to deceive, injure, or defraud, any of my creditors to whom I am indebted.

So help me God.

Court may And in cafe any priioner or prifoners as aforefaid (hall, in open thereupon or- court, take the faid oath, fuch court in which any fuch oath as ment to beaforefaid shall be taken, may then immediately order the mef-made, on the (uages, lands, tenements, goods, and effeds, contained in fuch back of the account, or fo much of them as may be fufficient to (atisfy the petition, of debt or debts wherewith any (uch prifoner or prifoners shall eftatVamUf! ^anc* charged in execution, and the fees due to the. warden, feds, and # marfhal, or keeper of the gaol or prifon from which any ibch conveyed to prifoner was brought, to be, by a (hort indorfement on the the creditor, back of fuch petition, and to be (igned by the prifoner, affigned and conveyed to the creditor or creditors who shall hare charged any fuch prifoner in execution (if more than one) his, her, or their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, for the benefit of him, her, or them, who shall have fo charged any fuch the fame to be prifoner in execution (fubjed nevertheless to all prior incum-fubjed to brances affeding the fame) and the eftate, intereft, or property,

- of all meffuages, lands, goods, debts, eftates, and effeds,

. which shall belong to any fuch prifoner, (hall, by fuch affign-ment and conveyance as aforefaid, be vefted in the person or persons to whom fuch aftignment and conveyance shall be made, according to the estate and interest fuch prifoner or prifoners Creditor may had therein relpedively; and the creditor or creditors to whom thereupon y any fuch affignment and conveyance shall be made, shall and take poileflion, may take poueflion of, and fue in his, her, or their name or and fue in like names for the recovery thereof, in like manner as aflignees of JT^neesof5 af* commiflioners °f bankrupts can or may fue for the recovery of commiflioners the eftates and effeds of bankrupts which shall be affigned and of bankrupts; conveyed to them \ and no releafe of anv fuch prifoner or pri-and no releafe foners, his or her executors or adminiftrators, or any truftee , er t{ub?equent ^or him, her, or them, fubfequent to fuch aftignment and con-toVuch aflign- veyance, shall be pleadable, or be allowed of in bar of any ac-ment, may tion or fuit which shall be commenced by any fuch aflignee or be pleaded in	aflignees

1739-1 Anno trieefimo secundo Georgii II. c. 28.	499

nflignees of iny fuch prifoner or prifoners, for the recovery ofbar of any any of his, her, or their estate or effefts ; and upon every luch aflignment and conveyance being executed bjf any fuch prifoner t0make or prifoners, he, (he, or they, shall be difeharged out of cuftody a rule for dif-by rule or order of fuch court, which shall be petitioned by any charge of the fuch prifoner; and fuch rule or order being produced to, and a	;

copy thereof being left with, any fuch (heriff, gaoler, or keeper, of any prifon as aforefaid, shall be a fufficient warrant to him to difeharge every fuch prifoner or prifoners, if charged in execution, or detained for the caufes mentioned in his, her, or their refpeftive petition, and no other: and every fuch (he- and the (be-riff, gaoler, or keeper, is hereby required, on having fuch or- riff or gaoler, der produced to him, and a copy thereof left with him, to dif- lerved charge and fet at liberty forthwith, every fuch prifoner and pri- nJereof^to^fet foners who shall be ordered as aforefaid to be fo difeharged, the prifoner at without taking any fee, or detaining him, her, or them, in re- liberty, fpeft of any demand qf any fuch (heriff, warden, marftial, gaoler, or keeper, for or in refpeft of chamber rent or lodging, or otherwife ; or for or in refpeft of any fees theretofore claimed, or due to any fuch (heriff, ;goaler, or keeper, or any employed by or under him or them: and no fuch (heriff, gaoler, or keep- Shcn-ff not ^ er, shall afterwards be liable to any aftion of efcape, or other to fuit or information on that account, or for what he shall do in of efcape purfuance of this aft; and the person or persons to whom the thereupon, estate and effefts of anv fuch prifoner or prifoners shall be af- Affignee to figned and conveyed, (nail, with all convenient fpeed, fell and make frle of difpofe of the eftates and effefts of every fuch prifoner which effe^fof^the shall be lb affigned and conyeyed, and shall divide the net pro- prifoner, duce of all fuch eftates and effefts amongft the creditors of every and make « fuch prifoner and prifoners, if more than one, who shall have dividend ac-charged any foch prifoner in execution, before the time of fuch raonelf the" prifoner s petition to be difeharged shall have been prefented, other credi-rateabiy and in proportion to their refpeftive debts 5 but in cafe tors, the person or persons at whofe fuit any fuch prifoner or prifon- But jf tb? ers flood charged in execution as aforefaid, shall not be fatisfied fetf difoe-with the truth of any fuch prifoner’s oath, and shall either per- Hevingthe Tonally, or by his, her, or their attorney* if he, (he, or they prifoner4! cannot perfonally attend, and proof shall be made thereof taoatb> the fatisfaftion of any fuch court as aforefaid, defire further time to inform him, her, or themfelves of the matters contained fher tfm7lbr" therein, any fuch court may remand any fuch prifoner or pri- information^ foners, and direft him, her, or them, and the person or persons the court is to diffatisfied as aforefaid with fuch oath, to appear either in per- remand the Ton, or by his, her, or their attorney, on fpme other day to ^ ^"urther^ appointed by fuch faid court, fome time at furtheft within thed°ya ur ier firft week of the term next following the time of fuch examination, but fooner, if any fuch court shall fo think fit 5 and all ob- Objeftions to jeftions which shall be made as to the infufficiency in point oftbc *or™ °* form againft any prifoner’s fchedule of his eftates and effefts, [obemndcia shall be only made the firft time, any. fuch prifoner shall be t^e .brought up; and if at fuch second day which shall be appoint- the prifoner is

K k 2	ed,	brought up.

 

Boo

Creditor not appearing the iccond dan or not making a farther dif-covery 5 Court to make a rule for discharge of the phibner j

unlefs the creditor inlift upon his detention.

and covenant to allow him as. +d. per week;

but upon failure, at any time m the payment thereof, the prifoner, upon application to tne court, to be difchargedj

upon executing fuch af-fignment and conveyance as afovefaid. Prifoner refuting to take the oath, or being detected otfdfity therein, or refuting to execute an alignment, &c. of his e-Jftate, to be continued in execution.

Artno tricesimo secundo GeorgiI 11. C. 28. Cx759

ed, the creditor or creditors difiatisfied with fuch oath shall makr default in appearing, either in perfon, or by his, her, or rber attorney, ttr in cafe he, fhe* dr they shall appear, if he, (he, cr they (hail be unable to difeover any estate or effects of the pr-foner omitted in the account fet forth in fuch his or her pet-tion ; then, and in any fuch cafe, fuch court fhall, by rule 01 order thereof, immediately caufe the faid prifoner or prifooeo to be difeharged, upon fuch prifoner or prifoners executing (u& aflignment and conveyance of his or her eftates and effects, e manner as alignments and conveyances of prifoners eftates and effects are herein before directed to be made, unlefs fuch cre£-tor or creditors who shall have charged any fuch prifoner cr prifoners in execution as aforefaid, his, her, or their executor? or adminiftrators, doth or do infift upon fuch prifoner or pt~ foners being detained in prifon,and shall agree, by writing figj-ed with his, her, or their name or names, mark or marks, e: under the hand of his, her, or their attorney, in cafe any foe? creditor or creditors, his, her, or their executors or adminiftn-tors shall be out of England, to pay and allow weekly a fum doe exceeding two (hillings and four pence, as any fuch court (hail think fit, unto the (aid prifoner, to be paid every Monde) is every week, fo long as any fbch prifoner shall continue in pnfcr in execution at the fuit of any fuch creditor or creditors; and in every fuch cafe, every fuch prifoner and prifoners shall be remanded back to the pnlon or gaol from whence he, (he, or they was or were fo brought up, there to continue in execution; but if any failure fhall, at any time, be made in the payment of the weekly fum which shall be ordered by any fuch court to be paid to any fuch prifoner, fuch prifoner, upon application in term time to the court where the fuit in which any fuch prifoner shall be charged in execution was commenced, or shall have bees carried on, or in the prifon of which court any fuch priloner shall ftand committed on any Habeas Corpus, or in vacation box, to any judge of any fuch court, may, by the order of any fuch court, or judge, be difeharged out of cuftody on every fuch execution, proof being made before fuch court, or judge, on oath, of the nonpayment, for any week, of the sum of money ordered and agreed to be weekly paid; but every fuch prifoner and prifoners, before he, (he, or they shall be fo difeharged qut of cuftody by any fuch rule or order, shall execute an affignment and conveyance of his, her, or their eftates and effects, in manner herein before diredled : andif any prifoner who fhail petition or apply for his orherdifcharge under this aCt, shall refills to take the faid bath herein before directed to be taken, or taking the fame, shall afterwards be detected before any fuch court, or judge, of falfity (herein, or shall refufe to execute fuch affign-ment and conveyance of his, her, or their eftates and effects as aforefaid, as herein before is required to be made by him, her, or them refpeCtively, he, (he, or they shall beprefcntly remanc-ed and continue in execution.

1759*1 Anno tricesimo secundo GeoROU II. c. 28.	501

XIV.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That where Where more

more creditors than one shall charge any prifoner or prifoners	*^an

in execution, and shall defire to have fuch prifoner or prifoners the prifoner's detained in prifon, each and every fuch creditor and creditors detention, lhall only refoedtively pay fuch weekly fum of money, not ex- they are to pay ceeding one milling and fix pence a week, on every Monday in ilina CaTn nots every week, to or for fuch refpedtive prifoner, as the court be- ^d^per^eek! fore whom any fuch prifoner or prifoners shall be brought up to

be difeharged (hall, at the time of his, her, or their being remanded, on fuch note for payment of the weekly fum ordered to be paid being given, diredt or appoint.

XV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Prifoner That from and after the faid fifteenth day of Juney one thousand charged « feven hundred and fifty nine, where any prifoner or prifoners countyand*1 /hall be charged in execution in any county gaol, or in any other other gaols, gaol or prifon above the fpace of twenty miles diftant from diilant from IVeJIminJIer Hall\ or the court or courts out of which the exe- Weftminiter,

1 cution or executions shall be iflued out againft any fuch prifon- [^^manner1 er or prifoners, then upon petition being made by any fuch pri- by petition, foner or prifoners to the court from whence any fuch execution and affidavit againft any fuch prifoner or prifoners iflued, or in the prifon of which court any iuch prifoner shall be and ftand charged in execution, in the like form and manner as the petitions herein before-mentioned of prifoners are directed to be made, and on an affidavit to the purport as affidavits are herein before directed	'

to be made in the cafe of prifoners in gaol not above twenty miles diftant from the court out of which the execution againft fuch prifoner iflued, being made and left with fuch petition, and the court fuch court (on being iatisfied with the truth of fuch affidavit) is to make a rule hereby authorized and required to make a rule or order to caufe the prifoner or prifoners, fo petitioning, to be brought to the brought up to next aflizes which shall be holden for the county or place where the next he, (he, or they, shall be imprifoned, if the fame shall be with- affixes* &c. in that part of Great Britain called England; and if within the principality of IValej, or county palatine of Cheftery then to caufe fuch prifoner or prifoners to be brought to the next great fef-fions to be holden for the county in lVa!es> or county palatine of Chejler9 in which any fuch prifoner or prifoners shall be imprifoned j and the expence of bringing every fuch prifoner to 1*. per mile any fuch aflizes, not exceeding one (hilling a mile, shall be paid r® ** P*w to the gaoler, keeper, or officer, who shall bring any fuch pri- hU Spences f foner to ahy fuch aflizes or great feflions, in obedience to any out of the * fuch rule or order as aforefaid ferved on him, out of every fuch prisoner's prifoner’s estate or effedts, if the fame shall be fufficient to pay cl*atc > fuch expence; and if not, then fuch ex pence shall be paid byorbythe the treasurer of the county, riding, divifton, or place, in which treaTurerof any fuch prifoner shall be imprifoned, out of the flock of the the county, county, riding, divifion, or place, as the fame shall be allowed, directed, or ordered, by any fuch court from which any fuch execution shall have been iflued againft any fuch prifoner or pri-foi\cr$, or in the prifon of which any fuch prifoner shall be, by ^	K k 3

ed on them ;

and upon affidavit made

got	Anno	trrceGmo	fccundo	Georgii	II.! 6, aft. £1755.

one or more of the judge or judges of afiize, justice or juffiet Creditors to °f great feflions: and the creditor, or several creditors, hit, be fummoned, her, or their executors or administrators, at yrtiofe fuit any fed prifoner or prifoners shall (land charged in execution as afcr^ laid, (hall, by rule or order of the court from whence the pro-cefs iflued, be fummoned to appear at the faid next affixes or great feflions, if fuch creditor or creditors, his, her, or their ex* and a copy of ccutors or adminiftrators, can be met with; and if not, the the rule ferv- the attorney laft employed for fuch creditor or creditors shall be fummoned to appear there; and a copy of every fuch rake order shall be ferved on every of fuch creditor or creditors, his, her, or their executors or adminiftrators, or be left at his, be. or their dwelling houfe or ufual place of abode, or with his, be. or their attorney laft employed as aforefaid, fourteen days t lead before the holding of any fuch aflizes or great feffioci; and on an affidavit of fuch fervice thereof being laid before# pf(uchfcrvice, judge or judges of aflixe, justice or juftices of great feflions 3 the court to aforefaid, fuch judge or judges of aflize, justice or juftices of grtz appoint a time feflions refpedhvely, on being fatisfied with the truth of fuch sfi* the matter^of ^av*l> is anc* are hereby required to appoint a time for hearing the the petition ; matter upon every fuch petition as aforefaid, on fome certain dr and time, on the crown fide of every fuch court or great feflio& and the credi* during fuch affizesor great feflions; and upon the appearance the* J-appeanng 0f the creditor or creditors who shall be fummoned in purfuanoeu t or jhjs his, her, or their executors or adminiftrators, or z default of the appearance, either in person or by attorney, c: the party or parties yvho lhall have been fummoned fo to appear, then on proof of his, her, or their being duly ferved with the notice hereby required to be given, and a copy of the account of the real and perfonal estate of the prifoner or prilbnen deliring to be difeharged being comprifed to fuch notice, an: alfo of the rule of fuch court for his, her, or their appearances fuchaflizesor great feflions, having been duly fervedas herein be* fore is directed, the judge or judges of fuch aflizes or great feflio&s proceedtVcre- refpetftively, as the cafe shall happen to be, shall there, ini in in a fum	fummary way, examine into the matter of every fuch petition,

mary way;	and hear what can or shall be alledged, on either fide, fora

againft the difchqrge of the prifoner or prifoners fo petitioning; and upon every fueh examination, fuch judge and judges of at*

«	fixe and great feflions refpedtively, or any one of them, is and

and admimftcr are hereby impowered an<J required refpe&ively, within thet the oatli to refpeftive jurifdidions, to adminifter or tender to evefy feds the prifoner;	prifoner, thp fame oath as herein before is directed and appoint-

ed to be taken by any prifoner, before the judges of the cocn and make fuch 9ut whtoh the procefs, upon which any fuch prifoner was order in the taken in execution, iflued; and fuch faid jucjge or judges ei aflize, justice or juftices of great feflions refpeSively, or arty ore of them, is and are hereby refpedtively authorized and require! to make fuch order in the prepiifles as to him or them lhall fee® meet, and to proceed in the fame manner concerning the discharge of any prifoner or prifoners in any prifon wi^tbip thek ..	'	•	’’	*	rt

thereto, or not,

Proof being made of their being duly ferved with the notice, and copy of the fchcdule of the priToner’s eitate, the court to

preinifles as shall feem meet, and proceed as aforefaid concerning the prifon-er's difeharge.



1759*3 Anno tricesimo secundo Georoii II. c. 28.	503

refpe&ive jurifdidions, and to give the time judgement, relief,

and directions relating thereto, as anv court out of which any w

procefs shall ifltie againft any fuch prifoner as aforefaid, is here*

in before itnpowered and directed to do: and every order which

ihall be made in the prcmifles by any fuch judge or judges of Order to (land

aflize or great fefiions, shall be as valid and effectual as if th*g°°<l»and be

fame had been made in the court out of which the procefs iffued u^011

on which any fuch prifoner was charged in execution j and therc

fame, shall be made a record of the proceedings at fuch aflizes

or great fefiions, as the cafe shall happen to be, and a copy

thereof (hall, from thence, be tranfmitted to the court from

whence the execution againft the prifoner or prifoners difcharg-

ed, iffued, or was awarded, figned by the judge or judges of af-

fize or great fefiions, to be a record of the faid court, and to

be kept as fuch amongft the other records thereof.

XVI.	And whereas it fometimes happens that persons who are prifoners in execution in gaol for debt or damagesr will rather fpend their fubftance in prifon^ than difcover and deliver up the fame towards Jatisfying their creditors their juft debts, or fo much thereof as fuch fubftance will extend to pay; be it therefore further enaCted, That prifoner re* if any prifoner now committed to any prifon or gaol, and charg- fufing to deli* ed in execution for any debt or damages not exceeding the fum v^r UP hl* of one hundred pounds, befides cofts of fuit, shall not, on or	^

before the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand feven tisfy his cre-bundred and fifty nine, make fatisfaCtion to the creditor or ere- ditors, ditors, his, her, or their, executors or adminiftrators, at whofe fuit any fuch prifoner shall be fo charged in execution for fuch debt or damages, and the cofts of fuch fuit; or if any prifoner, who after the faid fifteenth day of June, one thousand fevenhun-dred and fifty nine, shall be committed or charged in execution in any^prifon or gaol, for any debt or damages not exceeding the sum of one hundred pounds, befides cofts of fuit, shall not, within three months next after every fuch prifoner, after the? laid fifteenth day of June, one thousand feven hundred and fifty nine, shall be committed or charged in execution as aforefaid, nuke latisfa&ion to his, her, or their, creditor or creditors, who shall charge any fuch prifoner in execution as aforefaid, his, her, or their, executors or adminiftrators, for fuch debt, da-mages, and cofts; then, and in any of the faid cafes, any fuch ^ cl7uchly creditor or creditors, his, her, or their, executors or admini- prisoner to be ftrators, is and are hereby authorized and impowered to require brought .up * every/-fuch refpe&ive prifoner or prifoners, on giving twenty and deliver in-days notice in writing to him or her refpe&ively, that (uch cre-> fcheXVe of ditor or creditors, his, her, or their, executors or adminiftrators; jji8 efhte and defign to compel any fuch prifoner to give in to the court at law, effects, and from which the writ or procefs iffued on which any fuch pri- theincum-foner is or shall be chargedin execution as aforefaid, or into t^e^[anthCe8^^" court in the.prifon of which any fuch prifoner hath been or shall 0cath?C# be removed by Habeas Corpus, or shall remain, or be charged in giving the* execution, within the firft feven days of the term which shall next prifoner %o gnfuethe expiration of the faid twenty days, in refj>c<ft to any

&	^4	Potionj

 

504

Anno triceftmo secundo Georgii II. c.28.'

[ I759-

prifoner charged in any of the prifons belonging to any of the courts in IVsJlminftir Hall; and at the second court which shall be held by any fuch other court of record after the expiration of the faid twenty days, in refpe& to any prifoner charged in any prifon belonging to any fuch other court; and where any fiich prifoner is or shall be charged in execution, in any county gad, or other gaol or prifon, above the fpace of twenty miles diftant from tVeJimnJlen Hall, or the court or courts out of which the writ or procefs on which any fuch prifoner is or shall be (b charged in execution iffued, or shall iliac; then to give in, upon oath, at the aflizes or great feffions as aforefaid, and on the crown fide thereof, which shall be held for the county or place in the prifon of which any fuch prifoner shall be, next after the expiration of fuch twenty days from the time of giving any fuch notice as aforefaid to any fuch prifoner, a true account in writing, and to be figned with the proper name or mark of every fuch prifoner, of all the real and perfonal eflateof fuch prifoner, and of all incumbrances affeding the fame, to the belt of the in order that knowledge and belief of fuch prifoner, in order that the estate an(* C®^S ^uck P^foner may be divefted out of him or her, dnrcft^outbeanc* ®ay» by the court, judge or judges, justice or juftices, as of him, and aforefaid, be ordered to be affigned and conveyed, in manner afligned and and for the purposes herein after declared: and every fuch cre-convcycd as ditor or creditors, as aforefaid, who shall require any fuch pri-tbrefted. *** f°ner t0 ^ brought up as aforefaid, for the purpofe aforefaid. Like notice to (ball alfo cive twenty days like notice in writing, of fuch his, be given of jter, or their intention, to require any fufch prifoner to be fuch intention brought up as aforefaid, to difcover and deliver up his or her e-creditori •* &atc as af°re^a^» t0 *11 and every other creditor and creditors • • of every fuch prifoner, at whofe fuit any fuch prifoner shall be detained or charged in cuftody in any fuch gaol or prifon, if fuch prisoner shall be there detained in cuftody, or charged in execution, at the fuit of any other creditor or creditors befides the creditor or creditors giving fuch notice as afore/aid, if fuch other creditor or creditors can be found out or met with, and if not, then to the several attornies laft employed in the refpedrive actions or fuits, in which any fuch prifoner or prisoners shall De fo detained or charged in cuftody by any fuch other creditor and alfo tothe 9r creditors of fuch prifoner; and shall likewife give a like no-(hcrift and tice in writing to the (heriff or (heriffs, gaoler or keeper of the gaoler, gaol or prifon in which any fuch prifoner or prifoners shall be detained in cuftody, or committed or charged in execution as aforefaid, of fuch his or her intention to have any fuch prilbn-requiring *r brought up, and to require fuch (heriff or (heriffs, gaokr them to bring or gaolers, refpedively, to bring up every fuch prifoner aocord-up fucb pri- ipgly : and every fuch notice which shall be fo given to any fuch (heriff or (heriff, gaoler or gaolers, shall be fo given to him or them refpe&ively, twenty days at lead before the time appointed for any fuch prifoner to be fo brought up; and thereupon every fuch (heriff or (heriffs, gaoler or keeper, refpodive-ly, to whom any fuch notice as aforefaid shall be fo given, (hall, at the cods of fuch creditor or creditors, his, her, or their, ex-

ccu^

loner;

who is to be brought accordingly at the cofts of thf creditors;



1759*1 Anno tricesimo fecnndo Georgii II. c. *8.	505

^ecutors or adminiftrators, caufe every fuch prifoner to be brought,^ as by fuch notice in writing shall be required, to fuch court, af-lizes, or great fefiions as aforciaid, together with a copy or * copy caufes of his or her refpe&ive detainer or detainers there; and hwdetamer« if any fuch (heriff or (heriffs, gaoler or keeper, on any fuch notice in writing being given to him or them as aforefaid, &****& °r_ and tender being made to him or them, by or on the behalf of	the"

any fuch creditor or creditors aforefaid, of reafonable charges, promflfei, after not exceeding one (hilling a mile, to bring up the prifoner or ope aotice prifoners required as aforefaid to be fo brought up to any fuch glv court, aflizes,or great fefiions as aforefaid, shall neglcdl torefufe J^JfonaWe so bring there the prifoner or prifoners fo required to be brought charges, there as aforefaid, and at the time he or (he shall be fo required to be brought there, together with a copy of his, her, or their detainer or detainers in any fuch gaol or prifon; every fuch (he- forfe5t sol. to riff and (heriffs, gaoler and keeper, who (halt fo offend in the the party ag. premifles, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum grieved, of twenty pounds, to be recovered by the party aggrieved by adtion of debt, bill, or information, in any of hts Majesty’s courts of record at Wijlminfltr9 if any fuch offence shall be committed out of the faid principality of JVaki9 or county palatine of Cbtfter; and if any fuch offence shall be committed in the principality of IVdti, or county palatine of Chtjier9 then in fome Wjth treble court of record in the faid principality of Wales9 or county pa- cofts of fait, latine of Cbefler9 within the jurifdiction of which any fuch offence shall be fo committed, together with treble cofts ot fuit. prifoner, upon XVII, And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, proof of due .That every prifoner charged, or who shall be charged, in exe- notice as *, cution as aforefaid, and who, in purfuance of this adt, (hall, at	riven

the defire of any of his, her, or their creditor or creditors, his him, is tode-her, or their executors or adminiftrators, be brought up to any liver in, upon fuch court, affixes, orgreat fefiions, as aforefaid, (hall, on proof oath> to ^ being there firft made of fuch notices as are herein before diredted drie^f bis *

* to be given having been given, deliver in there in open court, eftate.and ef-iipon oath, within the time herein before for that purpofe pre- fefts, and fign. feribed, a full, true, and juft account, difclofure, and difeovery, by in writing, of the whole of his or her real and perfonal eftate, and of all books, papers, writings, and feeurities, relating thereto, and alfo of all incumbrances then affedting the fame, and the refpedtive times when made, to the belt of his or her knowledge and belief (other than and except the neceflary wearing apparel, and bedding of fach prifoner, ahd his or her family, and the ne-ceflary tools or in&ruments of his or her refpedtive trade or calling, not exceeding the value often pounds in thewhole) which

: delivering in ot any j every fuch prifoner shall be affigned and conveyed by fuch prifoner trutt. for the refpedtivcly, by a (hort endorfement on the back of every fuch Q^tors	‘

account as shall be fo delivered in, to fuch person or perions as	*

the court, judge or judges, juftiee or juftices, in which, or to whom, any fuch account lhall be fo given in, (halt order or di-

redt.

 

go6	Anno	tricefimo	fectmdo GeorgIi IL c. 28.	[1759.

red, in truft, and for the benefit of the creditor or creditors wbe shall have required any fuch prifoner to be brought up as aforefaid, and of fuch other creditor or creditors (if any) of every fuch tefpe&ive prifoner at whole fuit or fuits any fuch prifoner (hail be charged in cuftody, or in execution, in any fuch prifoo or gaol, and who (hall, by pny memorandum or writing to be figned by fuch creditor or creditors refpeftively, before any fuch ebey agreeing conveyance or afiignment shall be made, content to any fuch to hit di£ prifoner’s being difcharged out of gaol or prifon, at Ins, her, or charge, ^ _ their fuit or fuits, and alfo agree to take or accept a proportion-^pfoportiM- dividend of fuch prifoner’s eftateand effects, with the credi-aWeivUJ*nd tor or creditors who shall have required any fuch prifoner to be of his effects 5 brought up as aforefaid ; and if there shall be no other creditor but if any or creditors as aforefaid of fuch prifoner, or there beirtg any mme t^reto, ^uc*1* ^ fuch ot^cr cre^'tor or creditors as aforefaid shall not then the fame’ agree in writing todifeharge fuch prifoner, and accept fuch proto be in truft, portionable dividend as aforefaid of the estate and effe&s of any for thecredi- fuch prifoner; then in truft for the creditor or creditors only qu^Jthe"	require	any	fuch prilbner to be brought up for the

prifoner to bePurP°^e aforefaid: and by fuch alignment and conveyance 2* brought up aforefaid, all the prifoner’s estate and effelts shall be veiled ia for the pur- the creditor or creditors to whom the fame shall be affigned and ^erohw re-	m *™ft 38 aforefaid; and if any overplus (hall

Overplus re- wuu,vtu>MU l,uu aj	«««*	«	»»»«" remain

roaimng after any fo*h prifoner’s eftate, after payment of the debt, or da-all charges, to mages, and cofts, which shall be due to any creditor or creditors l^e paid to the refpedtively at whofe fuit or fuits any fuch prifoner as aforefaid prifoner, /hall, jn	0f this aft, be difcharged out of gaol or pri-

fon, on delivering up his or her estate ami effedls as aforefaid, and all reafonable charges expended in or by means of getting in of fuch estate or effclts, the fame shall be paid to fuch pri-foner, his or her executors, adminiftrators, or afligns:	and

Prifoner com- uP°n every fuch difcovery, afiignment, and conveyance, being plying, to the made and executed by any fuch prifoner, to the fatisfedtlon at fatisfa&ion of the court, judge or judges of affize, juftiee or juftices of great befaatiiber ^e®ons> before whom the fame shall be refpe&ively made, every ty}	r’ fuch prifoner, and prifoners (hall, by fuch court, judge or judges^

juftiee or juftices, be difcharged, and fet at liberty, in the a&km *nd charges, at the fuit of the creditor or creditors, his, her, or their executors or adminiftrators, who shall require any fuch prifoner to be fo brought up, and alfo in the actions and charges qf every other creditor of any fuch prifoner, his, her, or their executors or adminiftrators, who shall fign any fuch confirm as aforefaid, for any fuch.prifoner ■$ dificharge, with the fame benefit of making ufe of fuch his or her difeharge, as is herein before provided for prifoners feeking, and who shall obtain, their difeharge, under the provifions contained in the former part of this alt; and no greater fee than two (hillings and fix pence in pwingforhit the whole, shall be paid or taken for any fuch difeharge, by all or ' *?r8r*ei any officer or officers of any fuch courts, afT>ze$, or great fef-***	(tons.;	and	no	ftamp	(hall	be	neceflary on any fuch affignmem

and conveyance as aforefaid, or apy rule, or order, which (haH





1759*] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c.28.	507

be made for any fuch difcharge; but all the future effefts oFFoturedftfts every fuch prifoner (other than except the neceflary wearing pare!, and bidding, of fuch prifoner, and his or her family, and	^

the neceflary tools or inftruments of his or her refpeftive trade or calling) ih&ll be and remain liable to fatisfy his or her debts, if the fame shall not be fully paid from his or her estate which shall be afligned and conveyed as aforefaid; and no advantage lhall be had or taken in any adtion or fuit which shall be hereaf-ter commenced againft any fuch prifoner, his or her heirs, execu-	the

tors, or administrators, for that the caufe of action did not accrue fotute of within fix years next before the commencing of any fuch action limitation, or fuit, unlefs fuch prifoner was intitled to take fuch advantage before he or (he flood charged in cuftodyby virtue of the origi- '^before he nal fuit or action; and in any fuch, cafe the lame may be pleaded food charged by any fuch prifoner, his or her heirs, executors, oradminiflra-incuftodyon tors: and if any prifoner charged, or who shall be charged, in*b.c onguwl execution, in any prifon or gaol, and who shall be required as prifoaer net-aforefaid to be brought up to any fuch court, aflizes, or great leaing or feflions as aforefaid, shall neglect or refufe to deliver in and fub-refitting ro. ferihe fuch juft and true account of his or her whole estate and deliver *** efFeds in any fuch court, or at any fuch aflizes, or great feflions	“

as aforefaid, as the cafe may happen to be, within the time herein efo&s, before limited or appointed for the doing thereof, or within sixty days then next following, without offering and making appear fome juft excufe for every fuch negJedt or refufal, to be allowed of by the court, judge or judges of afflze, justice or ju-fticcs of great feflions as aforefaid, or who shall refufe to aflignorto make at or convey his or her estate and effe&s, according to the order of any fiich court, judge or judges, justice or jufticcs is aforefaid; ^^f*ncc he or (he fo offending in any of the faid cafes, and who shall be * convidled of any fuch offence upon any indidtment found againft him or her, shall thereupon have judgment for tranfportation pronounced againft him or her, and shall be tranfported, according to the laws made and now in force for tranfportation oft0 ** felons, to fome of his Majesty’s colonies or plantations in	for	7

r/V(7, for the term of feven years: and if any fiich prifoner fliajland delivering deliver in any falfe or untrue account of his or her estate or ef-in a falfe ac-fedts, or shall defignedly conceal, and not infert in the accountcounV he or (he shall deliver in and fubferibe as aforefaid, any books * papers, fecurities, or writings, relating to his or her estate and effedts, with intent to defraud his Or her creditor or creditors, and shall be thereof convidted'on anv indidtment found againftt0 fufor thc him or her in refpeft thereof; be or fne fb offending, and being pains and convidted as aforefaid thereof, shall fuffer the pains and penal-penalties of tics which by law are to be inflicted on any pferfon convidted ofwil*ul PcrJur>* wilful perjury.

XVIII.	Provided also, and be it further enadted by theau^Perfoni con* thority aforefaid. That if any person who shall take any oath asvi&ed of per-by this adt is required to be taken, fhall, upon any Indidtment iury to * for perjury, be convidted by his, her, or their own confeftion, ma*’ or by verdidt of twelve lawful men; the person foeoqpldtfed shall 9

fuffer



5<>?	Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. 28.	ft759.

Pliable fuffcr the pains and forfeitures which by law are to be infli&ed on any person convicted of wilful perjury; and shall likewifc n0v0> and be liable to be taken on any procefs de novo9 and charged in exe-charged in cution for the faid debt, in the fame manner as if he or (he had cJec«tk>n f°r not been difcharged, or not taken or charged in execution before, and never an<* nevcr a^tcr have the benefit of this ad; any thing have the bene- herein before contained to the contrary notwithftanding. fit of this ad. XIX. Provided likewife* and it is hereby further ena&ed, Iftte^f°n- That if the effedls of any prifoner or prifoners, which shall be ^lnotfatisfy afligned an^ conyeyed in purfuance of this ad, shall not extend his debt, and t° Satisfy the whole debt due to the creditors as aforefaid of the warden's prifoner who shall be fo difcharged, and the fees due to the war-fees, &c. Jen, marfhal, or gaoler, from any fuch prifoner; then fuch ncc^ve only a warden, marfhal, or gaoler, shall only receive a proportional divi-proportional dend from fuch prifoner’s eftate, in refped of fuch fees, pro rcta dividend with with the other creditors as aforefaid of fuch prifoner or prifoners. the other XX. Provided further, and be it hereby alfoenaded. That Prifonerdif- t*lc Pr*f°ncr or prifoners who shall be fo difcharged by virtue of charged not* this adl, shall never after be arrefted for the fame debt or debts; liable to arreft, nor shall any allion of debt be brought againft him, her, or or a&ion, for them, on any fuch judgment, unlefs he, (he, or they (hall, unlel^Domda-un^cr l^8 a&* he convidied of wilful perjury; but riotwith-ed of perjury5* landing any difeharge obtained by virtue of this adl for the per-but the judge-fon of any fuch prifoner or prifoners, the judgment obtained t° r.e* againft every fuch prifonerand prifoners shall continue and remain ^^ei^cut^n f°rcc> and execution may at any time be taken out thereon may be had againft the lands, tenements, rents, or hereditaments, goods thereonagainft or chattels, of any fuch prifoner or prifoners, other than and his estate and except the neceftary wearing apparel, and bedding for him, her, effe&s- or themfelves and family, and the neceftary tools for the ufe of his, her, or their trade or occupation, not exceeding ten pounds in value in the whole, as if he, (he, or they had never been before arrefted, taken in execution, and releafed out of prifon, by virtue of, or under, thisadl.

A Sign ccs may XXI. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, compound That any aflignee or aflignees to whom, by virtue of this with the ere- the cftate or cffe6ls of any prifoner or prifoners difcharged by this difeharge of a<^ ^*1* b® aligned, is and are hereby impowered to make com-their debts; pofition with any debtors or accountants to fuch prifoner or prifoners, where the fame shall appear neceftary or reafonable, and to take fuch reafonable part of any debt due, as can, upon any fuch compofitton, be gotten, in full difeharge of fuch debt or f	account; and alfp to fubmit any difference or difpute concerning

difputesTe- any Part °f arW &ch prifoner’s estate or effedls, or by reafon or hiring to the rpeaps of any matter, caufe, or thing relating thereto, or to fuch prifoner’s prifoner or prifoners, or in refpeft of any debt claimed to be due 10 prifoner or prifoners, to the final end and determination to arbitration arbitrators to be chofen by the faid aflignee or aflignees, and &c,	1 the party or parties with whom any fuch difference (hail be; and

if fuch arbitrators cannot agree in the 6me, then to fubmit the fame to this determination of any umpire to be chofen by them.

95



1759-1 Anfio triceGmo fee undo GeIoRGII II. C. 28.	509

or otherwife to fettle and agree the matte* in difference or difpute '	J

between them, in fuch manner as fuch aflignee or aflignees (ball think fit, and can agree; and the fame shall be binding* as well the fame to be to all other of the faid prifoner or prifoners creditors asaforefaid, bioding to who shall have charged him, her, or them, in cuftody or exe- creditor* and cution, as alfo to every fuch prifoner and prifoners; and every Affile* in-fuch aflignee and aflignees is and are indemnified for what he or demnified they shall fairly, and without any fraudulent defign, do in the therein, premifles, according to the direction of this aCt.

XXII.	And% to the intent the estate and effefls of fuch prifoner or prifoners who /hall be difebarged by virtue of this all may be truly and fairly applied; be it further enaCtcd by the authority aforefaid,

; That it shall be lawful for the refpeCtive courts at tPeftminJler, on complaint : from whence any procefs ifliied upon which any fuch prifoner or to court of any 1 prifoners was or were charged in execution, and whofe estate and infufficicncy,

! effects in purfuance of this aCt shall have been afligned as by this fraud» mifma-1 aCt is directed, or where any fuch prifoner shall have been charged ot^^UbeSL ; in execution by procefs ifliied out of any other court, it shall be viour of the •»

' lawful for the judges of the courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, aflignees, and Exchequer, or any one of them, from time to time, on the 1 petition of any creditor of fuch prifoner or prifoners who had charged any fuch prifoner in execution, or of fuch prifoner o*

1 prifoners, to any fuch court, or any judge thereof, complaining * of any infufficiency, fraud, mifmanagement, or other misbeha-1 viour of any fuch aflignee or aflignees, to order the refpeCtive

parties concerned to attend fuch court or judge on the matter of the parties to 1 every fuch petition, at feme certain time in fuch order to be bc ordered to mentioned; and every fuch court at IVeJlminfter, and alfo every coumhereon-judge thereof, on hearing the parties concerned therein, is aQtj tjlc court*

‘ hereby authorized to make fuch order, and give fuch direction's make fnch ’ in the premifles, either for the removal or difplacing fuch aflfg- order therein 1 nee or aflignees, and appointing any new or other aflignee or

aflignees in the place or (lead of fuch aflignee or aflignees fo to n 1 *

1 be removed or difplaced, or for the prudent, jufi, or equitable management or diftribution of the faid efiate and effects, for the benefit of the refpeCtive creditors as aforefaid of fuch prifoner or prifoners, as any of the faid courts at IVeJhninJler^ or judges there, °n removal refpeCtively shall think fit; and ip cafe of the removal or difplacing of any aflignee or aflignees, and the appointing of any prflbner’s new aflignee or aflignees, the eftgte or effects of fuch prifoner or estate and prifoners shall from thenceforth be divefied out of the aflignee effects to be or aflignees fo removed or difplaced, and he veiled in, and de- jC?cd-ian^ livered over to, the new aflignee or aflignees, in the fame manner, ^ new W and for the like intents and purpofes, as the (ame were before aflignees. veiled in the former aflignee or aflignees.

XXIII.	And be it further enaCted, That in all and every cafe and cafes where mutual credit shall have been given between

any prifoner or prifoners who shall be difeharged under thigaCt* been given, and any other person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, before the delivery of any fchedule or inventory of the eflate and effects of any fuch prifoner or prifoners, upqn oath, as by this

aCt



£io

the aflignees may only date the account, and demand the balance.

None intltled to the benefit of this aft, who have taken, or shall take, the benefit of any aft of infolvency $ tmlefs compelled by a creditor to deliver up hit estate and effefts.

This aft not to extend to Scotland.

Anno triccfimo secundo Georgtii* II. c. 29.	£1759;

•ft is herein before direfted ; then, and in every fuch cafe, there-fpeftive affignee or aflignees of fuch prifoner or prifoners (hafi have power, and is and are hereby required, on his or their part or parts, to (late and allow an account between them ; and nothing more shall be deemed to be vefted by any alignment which shall be made in purfuance of this aft, as the estate or effefts of fuch prifoner or priloners, than what shall appear to have been due to him, her, or them refpeftively, and to bejufth coming to him, her, or them, on or for the balance of fuch account wheh truly dated.

XXIV.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That no person or persons who hath or have already taken, or shall hereafter take, the benefit of any ad for the relief of insolvent debtors, shall have or receive any benefit or advantage of or under this aft, or be deemed to be withia the meaning hereof, fo as to gain ai\y difeharge, unlefs compelled by any creditor to difeover and deliver up his or her estate and effefts; anything herein contained to the contrary not-withftanding.

XXV.	And be it alfbenafted by the authority aforefaid. That this aft, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to that part of Great Britain called Scotland,

CAP. XXIX.

jin aft for further regulating the power of taking famples of foreign fpirituous liquors by the officers of excife \ and off* for empowering the traders to take fuch famples before tic duties are charged.

Preamble, re.	XXfHtE *EA.S b* ckuft in on atl f parliament pajfdh

eking cfaufe in * * the lajt jejfiott of parliament, intituled, An act for continual 31 Geo. s. ing certain laws therein mentioned relating to Britijb fail cloth, and to the duties payable on foreign fail cloth; and to the allowance uppn the exportation of Britijb made gunpowder; and to the encouragement of the trade of the fugar.colonies in America ; and to the landing of rum or fpirits of the Britijb fugar plantations, before the duties of excife are paid thereon; and for regulating the payment of the duties on foreign exciieable liquors; and for the relief of Thomas IVatfon, with regard to the drawback on certain Eajl India callicoes; and for rendering more commodious the new paffage leading from Charing Crsj in order to enable the gaugers or officers of excife the better to afcrrtsh the proof of all foreign imported liquors liable to the duties cf exci/iy it was enaftedy That it jbould be lawful to Andfor the gaugers or officers of the excife at any time or times to take a /ample or famples (not exceeding one quart in the whole) out of each of the casks, or other package, containing fuch foreign fpirituous liquors, paying for jucb fample or famples of liquors after the rate offixteen jbilhngs per gallon : and whereas the taking fo great a quantity as a quart out of ' each of the faid casks> or other package, is unnecejfaryy and the paying for the fame at the before mentioned rate will be detrimental to tb<

re-

 

1759*1 Anno tricefirpo focundo Georgii II. c. 3<**’

5“

revenue \ and whereas till of late the importers or proprietors of fuch foreign fpirituous liquors, or their faflors or agents, were permitted to take a Jample out of each cask, or other package, and to land fitch fam-pie without paying any duty for the fame, by means whereof they were enabled to, and did for the moft party fell fuch foreign fpirituous liquors whilft on Jhipioard: And whereas for fome time la ft pajl, fitch permijfton hath, in many injlancety been refufedy which hath proved a great inconvenience to the faid trade: For remedy whereof it is hereby enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal* and commons, in this present parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it shall and may be lawful* fiw the gaugers or other officers of excife, at any time before the impowercd to gauging, to lake a (ample or (amples, not exceeding half a pint take famples _ in the whole, out of each of the casks, or other package, con- gratis of fpiri-taining fuch fpirituous liquors, without paying for the fame; and not CTceediug that it shall and may be lawful for the importers or proprietors half a pint, S of fuch foreign fpirituous liquors* their faftors or agents, to take, out of each in the prefence of one or more of the gaugers or other officers ofcasK» excife, a fample or famples, ndt exceeding half pint in the whole,	^owed”*

out of every cask, or other package, containing fuch fpirituous to take a like liquors, whilft the fame shall be on (hipboard, and before the quantity as landing thereof, and to land fuch (ample or famples, without Jamples alfo, paying any duty for the fame.'

IL Provided nevertheless, That ftill it shall and may be law- thereof,-ful for the faid officers of excife to take the like fample or fam- Officers may pies, not exceeding half a pint in the whole, out of e^ch cask, j^fo t.akc 1,kc or other package, containing fuch fpirituous liquors, in any th^Fandine^ (hop, warehoufe, or other place, belonging to any dealer in the and being6 fame, paying for fuch fample or famples (if demanded) accord- lodged in ing to the market price liquor of the like quality shall be fold for warehouses* at the time fuch fample or famples shall be taken.	for t£yftme.

CAP. XXX.

An act for making compenfatkm to the proprietors of fuch lands and hereditaments as have been pnrehafed for the better fecuring bis Majesty’s docks, (hips, and (lores, at Chatham, Portfmouth, and rlymouth^nd for better fortifying the town of Portfmouth, and citadel of Plymouth, in purfuance of an aft of the laft feflion of parliament5 and tor other purposes therein mentioned.

Preamble, recitingaft 31 Geo. 2. A fum not exceeding 34,5211. 15s. *d. to be iflued arid applied out of the aids granted for the lervice of the year S759, towards making oompenfetion to the partiesinterefted. Bills to be made out for the refpeftive fums and intereil by the furveyor general of the ordnance, and debentures to be iflued thereupon j which are to be paid by the treasurer of the ordnance. Where the debentures shall be re-fufed to be accepted, they are to be depofited with the derkof the peace of the county, and acquitances taken for the fame 5 and the lands thereupon to veft to his Majesty’s ufe. Where the parties interefted shall be difabled by law from taking and difpoflng of the money, it is then to be paid to the remembrancer of the exchequer, and to be laid out in the purchafe of other lauds, to be conveyed and fettled to the faine.ufes j and till fuch puFchafes can be made, is to be placed out at jntcreft. The lands, &c. taken in for fortifying the docks at Portfmouth and Chatham, charge-



No cambricks or French lawns to be imported but in Dales, &c. covered with cloth, containing each 100 whole pieces, or 200 naif pieces; on penalty of forfeiture thereof.

Anno tricesimo secundo GeoRGII II.' c.31,3a. [1759;

able to the land tai and parifer taxes,Seewhich are to be paid by the ft ore keeper, and aHowed in hp accounts ; and in cafe of nonpayment may be levied on him.

CAP. XXXI.

An act for granting to his Majesty certain furas of money out of the finking fund i and tor applying certain monies remaining in the exchequer for the fervice of the year one thousand (even hundred and fifty nine 5 and for relief of Samuel Taylor, with refpeft to a bond entered into by him for fecoring the duties on tobacco imported.

Preamble. 180,076k 17s. jq. furplut remaining* in the exchequer of the produce of the finking tuna, for the quarter ending 5 AprH 1759, to be ifiued and applied towards the fupptics granted for the year 1759. A further fum not exceeding *,250,0001. to be ifiued and applied out of the growjng produce of the faid fund, towards the faid fupply. Surplus remaining of the sum of ioo,oool. granted in the laft feflton towards defraying the charge of pay and eloathing of the militia 1 as alfo the him of 75,308k 3s. sod. sq. overplus of the grants for the year 1758} . witirthe fum ef 100,000k repaid into the excoeouer, being the fum voted to the Emprefs of RufGa in the year 1755,to oe ifliied and applied towards the faid fupply. In cafe of want of money for carrying on the current fervice, the treasury may borrow a fum to make goodiuch deficiency, upon the credit of the growing produce of the faid fund; to be repaid quarterly; with iatereft. Bank may advance thereon any fum not exceeding 0,250,000k notwithstanding the aft of 5 & 6 W. & M. Treafury impower • ed to difeharge Samuel Taylor from the penalty and payment of the bond entered into by him for fccuring the duties on tobacco imported.

CAR XXXII.

An act for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent t$nr portation of cambricks and French lawns* f \

WHEREAS the afts made in the eighteenth and twenty firft year 1 of the reign of his present Mmejlji for prohibiting the wearing and importation of cambricks and French lawns,' have not been effeftual to prevent the fraudulentimpor fatten thereof; therefore, for the amending and enforcing the faid adfcs, be it ena&od * by the King’s mod excellent majeftv, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual ana temporal, and commons; in this present parliament afiembledv and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the firftday of A^tj/Zonethoufirnd ven hundred and fifty nine, no cambricks, French lawns, or other linnens whatfoever, of the kind ufually entered under the denomination of cambricks, shall be imported, or brought into any port or place whatfoever within Great Britain, uniefs the fame bp packed in bales, cafes, or boxes, covered with fackdoth or canvas, each of which bales, cafes, or boxes, (ball centum one hundred whole pieces, or two hundred derni or half pieces; efftsdx cambricks or French lawns.

II. And be it further enafted. That in cafe any cambricks or French lawns shall be imported in any other form or manner, or in any lefs quantity, than is herein before mentioned and allowed, in each and every of the laid cafes, ttte cambricks or French lawns fo imported, or found on board any (hip or veflH in this kingdom, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be fetfed by any officer or officers of the cuftpms.

HI. And



*759-1 Anno tricesimo feciindo 'GeoRG It II. c. i*-	5*3

'III. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid* fame to That from and after the faid firft day of Auguft one thousand f^rexSorutioii feven hundred and £fty nine, cambricks and French lawns shall only, and to be imported for exportation only, and shall be lodged in fuch he lodged in warehoufe belonging to his Majefty* bis heirs, and fucceflors, as the Kmg^s the commissioners of the cuftom$,.or,any three or more of them, for the time being, shall appoint; aiid shall not be delivered put out under Hke of fuch warehoufe, but under the like fecurity and reftriclions as fecurity aiid Fcft India goods, prohibited to be ephfumed in Qnat Britain^ reftridtions as are now liable to4.	1	.	*	V

IV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That	*

from and after the faid firft day of Augujty there fhatf be ho cu- one half of ftoms or duties whatfoever paid, or fecurqd to be paid, for any the old fubfidy Cambricks orFrench lawns imported, or which shall be imported, payable

and depofited in fuch warehoufe as aforeftid, other than one half ^ortation.1”1* of the old fubfidy, which is to remain by Ikw, after the goods arc* exported again.	,

V.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That,^yhat all and every person and persons having in their cuftody any fl,3|i i,/jn cambricks ot French lawns imported before the faid firft day of vate cuftody, Augujly for the exjfortation whereof, within the time limited by arc to be de-Uw, bond has been given, lhall, on or before the firft day °f next iff Jugujf next, bring and depofite, or caufe to be brought or depo- the King's ISted, all fuch cambricks arid French laws, In fuch warehoufe as wareboufes,» <{ fhalj be .approved of by the commissioners aforefaid for that pur-

£ofe; an<j upon the depofiting of fuch goods in fuch warehoufe and the bonds as aforefaid, the bohds for the exportation thereof shall bedell- thereupon to Vered up to the person or persons who gave the fame, or his or ^ deliv^ed their heirs, executors, adminiftratbfs, or affigns, who shall like- !|Pj thc jraw-wife receive at the fame time from the colledor, or other proper back upon ex* officer of thecuftomsat the,port where fuch bond was given, potation to be all the duties which fuch goods would be intitled to draw back Pa*d* , upoh exportation: and fuch goods shall not be again delivered ®"t tQ,^00d# Put of the faid warehoufe but for the exportation thereof, in delivered out like manner as if the fame had been depofited therein at the im- again but for portation : and in cafe any person or persons shall fell, offer, or exportation, expofe to fale, or, after the faid firft day of Augujl, have in his, ^^le^or her, of their cuftody or pofleffion, for that purpofe, any cam- found’in pri-bricks or French lawns pother than in fuch warehoufe a,s lhall be vate pofleflion, approved of by the faid commissioners as aforefaid) the fame llie raid shall be forfeited, and shall be liable to be fearched for.and feifed^’ be in like manner as other prohibited and uncuflomed goods are, anj the offen-and every fuch person lhall alfo forfeit two hundred pounds, over der to forfeit and above all other penalties and forfeitures infiitfted upon £uch aool‘ extra, person or persons by any former a<£h

V I. And be it further cnaded by the authority aforefaid, That In doubts if any doubt Or oueftion shall arile with refped to-the fpecies or concerning quality of the faia goods feifed by virtue of this a£I, or where the the fpecies or fame were manufactured, thc proof shall lie on * the owner or quality, &c. of owners thereof, and not upon thc profecutor; any law, cu- onus°probandi Horn, or ufage, to thc contrary notwithftanding.	to lie on ths

Voj.. XXII.	Li	VII.	And	owner.

5*4-

Goods feifed to be carried to the next

fepon attions entered for pequiiitry pe~

tM>cef$ to be fflaed; ana the defendant raavr give bad thereto, Set. *

Anno triccfimo feevajjo GfiORGji II. c. 32. t1759*

VII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, to tne nexc That all the goods feifed by virtue of this aft, or any other c^om-houfc, caufe of forfeiture, shall upon feizure thereof, .be qarried to the next cuftom-houfe, and after condemnation ih due courfc of law, shall not be confuted orufedl in this kingdom, but shall and after con- exposed > and shall not be fold or delivered out of fucb ware-demnation, to houfe, otherwife than on condition tb be exported, nor until the be exported, buyer or buyers shall have given fecurity for the exportation thereof, and obferving all the regulations and reftridlions pre-feribed for the exportation of Baft India goods prohibited to be confumed or ufed in Great Britain.

Recovery'and * VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefa^ application of That all the penalties and forfeitures by this aft impeded, (haj the penalties, and may be fued for and recovered in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at TVeJlminJlery or in the court of exchequer at Edinburg refpeftively, by aftion, bill, plaint, or information, in the name of his Majesty’s attorney general, or in the name of his Majeftp advocate in Scotland, or in the name or names of fome:officer a officers of the customs ; and that one moiety of every fuch pe nalty and fprfeitu|re shall be to his Majesty, his heirs, and fuccef-fdrs, and the other moiety thereof to fuch officer or officers of th: cuftoqns who shall feize. Inform^ of profecute for the fame.

IX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid^Tha: upon every aftion, bill, plaint, or information, entered and

nalties a’ ca	afore®WJ for any pecuniary penalty impofed by this*?*

piasTn'thefirfta caP^s t^c procefs shall ana mayiflue, fpecifyimj the furs 1	“	‘	of	the penalty fued for; and the defendant or defendants ffuE

be obliged to give fufficient bailor fecurity by natural born fubjecti .ofdenilohs; to the person or persons to whom fufch capias shall be direfted, to appear in the court out of which fqch capias shall iflue, it the day of the return of fuch writ, to anfwcr fgch fuit <r profecOtion; and shall likewife. at the time of fuch appearance give fufficient bail or fecurity, oy fuch perfons’as aforefaid, h the faid crotirt, toanfwer and pay all the forfeitures ancf penalties * incurred for fuch offence 6r offences, in cafe he, (he, or they shall be couvifted thereof, or to yield his, her, qr their body er bodies to prifon.'	V	,

X.	And be it further enafted’ by the authority aforefaid, Th^ if any aftion or fuit fhali be commenced againft any person of persons for*any thing'done in purfuance of this aft, the defend*

General iffue ant of defendants in any fuch aftion or fuit, may plead the gene-’ ral iffue, and give this aft, and the fpecial matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon ; and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this aft; and if it shall appear fo to have been done, then thejury lhalMind for the defendant or defendants, and if the plaintiff shall be nonfuited or difeontinue his aftion after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or if Judgment shall be given upon any verdift or demurrer a-gainft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame, as defendants have in other cafes bylaw.

CAP.

Treble cofts.



,£59d'1 Anna iricifimoTccundoGaokoii II. c. 33.	515

, CA P. XXXIII. '

Ax aft to explain and amend an aft made in the laft session < of parliamenty intituled, An act for granting to his- Ma-' jetty several rates and duties upon offices and penfions and upon houfes*, and upon windows or lights; and' fot raifing the sum of five millions by annuities and (a. lottery, to be charged oq the laid rates and duties* fo far as the fame relates to the rates .and duties on, offices and penfions. .

WHEREAS #7 an aft mode in the

intituled, An act for granting to hisMajesty fe'yeral rate's citiag cbufeti and duties upon offices and penfions; and trpon houfes; and JnftaJL?^ ot 1 upon windows or lights; and for railing the sum of fiveia *°n‘ millions by annuities and a lottery, to be charged on the hid fates and duties, it is (among other things) declared and ohafted, That a dehftiOHfraU be made of the sum of one frilling out of etoery twenty /hillings payable for or in refreft of the fadary, wages, or fas, of any offices* arid* employments payable h the crown in Great Britain, which exceed one hundred pounds

rr annum j and for or itt refpeft of any penfion or gratuity, which or frail be payable out of any revenue belonging to hie Ma/ejly in Great Britain, exceeding the value of one hundred pounds vex an-and that the monef fodeduftea by the officers of his Sfajejl/s exchequer in England,frail remain there for the purposes in the /aid toft declared; and that ftkh part of the money as frail be fo deduced ty any officer or officers of the dutches */*Lancafter and Cornwall, nr b/any other comm ffitoners, officers, and ptrfons, by whom the faid foloriet^ wages, fees, penfms, and gratuities fare or frail be respectively payable in England, /ball be by them paid into the receipt of hit Majefiy's exchequer at Weftminfter : and whereas the faid rented directions may be exptnfrve in tht execution thereof by fubjefting each of tht officers, commi/fmers, andperfons, by the /aid aft required tor make the deduction tfore faid, to a feparate account before‘ the auditors of the impreffs, for the several fums by them rejpeftively deducted s and whereas the faid recited directions have qppeartd to be in other refpefts inconvenient $ be it enadted by the Kite's frioft ■cxctltam majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpirittial and temporal, and commons, in this present par- Sams liament affembied, and by the authority of the fame, That all t&for the dft famrof money which oft the fifth day pf July, onethtiufaftd ties upon of-ieven hundred artd fifty nine, and afterwards from' time to time, ficfc*an<Tpert-fhall become due, and be deducted by Virtue of the faid adV, for r*1? *to>eS' :or in refpeft of the-folaries, fees, tor Wages,’ 6f any offices an,(l pa\joverto employments payable by the cfdwn in that part* of Ghat Britain receivers to be called England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, and for or In appointed by «rtCpeftof ahv penfion or gratuity payable odt of any^fevendt-bje- hlsMajc“y* Jinging to nit Majesty, in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, fhall, by thccommiflSonars; officers, and‘perfons de-during the fame, bef* rofpeftively paid into the hahd* of a re- , ociver or receivers to be for that purpofe appointed by his Ma.

L J 2	jefty	$





516	Anno	tricefimo	feeando GEokoit II. c. 33. [1759*

l!\ if10 a kis heirs, and fuccefiors; and it shall and may be lawful Iftmforbis to an<* ^uch receiver of receivers to retain, out of the monies trouble. fa paid into his of their hands as aforefaid, fuch Turn, as a re-wafdor compenfation for hisor their trouble,as his Majesty, his heirs,, and fucceflors shall appoint, not exceeding three pence in Security to be t(ie pound; and the faid receiver or receivers shall give fecurity given by him. for thtf r good behaviour in difeharging the truft m them re-pbfed, by giving bond in fuch penalty, and with fuch furety or foreties, as the commissioners of his Majefty*s treasury for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the lord high Dedu&tonsof treasurer for the time being, shall think fit; and the payment b^paid over '°*	fums	deduced as aforefaid, shall be made into the

quarterly to the hands 6f fuch receiver or receivers, in thccourfe of the quarter the receiver, wherein the (aid fums shall have been deduced; and fuch re-and by him,

ceiver or receivers (hall, within the compafs of the next enfuiqg quarter fol- <luarter> PaY t^e fame fums refpe£kively into the receipt of his lowing, into Majesty’s exchequer at Wtfimnfier; and the several commiHfr-the exche- oners, officers, and persons, making the deductions aforefaid, quer.	are hereby directed and required, at the requeft of fuch receiver

^thefalaries ** reccivers> 1° deliver'to him or them a juft and true account fees, and pen-of all and every the Salaries, fees, and wages, and likewife of fions,&c.tobe the annual pen Hons and gratuities by the faid commissioners, delivered to officers, and persons refpeCtively payable, and of the names of t^)C Per^ons Entitled to receive the fame ; of which accounts the by them in -feW receiver or receivers are to enter exaCk copies m books to proper books, be by them kept for that purpofe.

The monies It And be it further enaCked by the authority aforefaid. That which have all fums of money which have been, or ought to have been, to haVe^^n*dedudked or retained under the faid a6k, by the officers of the dedufted un- exchequer, or of any other officer, or by any commiffioner or der the faid commissioners, or other persons in England, lVaksy or Bnwkk aCt, tobe ac- upon Tweedy for the duties payable under the (kid aCt of the ChUfaid t0r/t° ^ ycar of his present Majesty’s reign, for or in refpeCk cefvers and	°f {he falaries, fees, or wages of any office or employment, or

patted by	for or in refpeCi of any penfion or gratuity out of any itvenne

them.	belonging to his Majesty, shall be accounted for to fuch receiver

or receivers as shall be, in purfuance of this present a&, appointed by his Majesty, hi* heirs’, and fuccefiors; and the ao . counts thereof (hail be examined; audited, and pafied, by fuck receiver or receivers, or one of them* and not by the auditors Difpates con-*.‘mptefts, or the auditor, of the court of Extbe^er cerning the - IU. And be it further enacted by the authority aforeMid, charging any That if any difpute fhqll arjie whether the fees, falaiy, or wages particular pt- of	office or employment, or whether any penfion or gratui-

or'funw tdbe’ *>'»	chargeaWc under the faid S<£t of the- thirty firft year of

deduced	his present Majesty’s reign, or under this or touching the

thereout,	fum of money which ought to be flopped and deduded out of

to j^jheard fuc^ falary, fees, wages, ppnfions, or gratuities, fuch difputes ndied b^the be heard by the barons of the	in	if	the

batons of the office or employment in. qiMftion is cxerctfed, dr the penfion or Exchequer in grhtuity i« payable, in England, Wok}* or Benvkk upon Stood;

/v •. .	. or

I759*]' Anno tricesimo fccundo Giorgii IL c. 33.	51	j

’or by the barons of the Exchequer in Scotland, if the office or England or „ employment in queftion is exercifed, or the peniion or gratuity fCc^a"| ’ is payable, m that part of Great Britain \ and fuch bearing is pc v y* to be given on the complaint or seprcfcfltation laid in writing before the barons of tht Exchequer in England or Scotland ren fpetfhvely, either by the party who shall think hinofejf aggrieved,-or by fuch receiver or receivers who shall be appointed in purfoanee of this x&, in refpeA of England, Wales, or Berwick	1

upon Tweedy and by the receiver general or receivers in Scotlandx	T

in refpedt of that part of the united kingdom. *	.	_	,	r P .	,

IV.	Provided always. That the complainant (h!all give ^compfaintto r

copy of his complaint or reprefentation to the perjon or persons be given to the againft whom the fame is made, within ten days after the fam^ perton com- ^ lhall have been lodged with the faid barons; and the faid ba- *" rons in England and Scotland refpedively shall hear and deter- fa|j to* ** de.i mine fuch difputes in a fummary way, and their determination termined in * fh#H be binding without further appeal.	fummaiy

V.	And whereas the profits of fevered offices and employments in way*

Great Britain arife in the whole, or in party from perquifites which

are due and payable in the courfe of office; and it is therefore, by the	T

faid aft of the thirty firft year of Ins present Majejly's reign, enaft~

1 edy That fetch part of the fums of money thereby granted as are pay* i able for or in refpeft of the profits of any office or employment in 1 part of England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tw$cd, which arife from fuch perquifites, J,hall be computed, raifed, levied, and paid* according to the annual value at which fuch profits flood valued and rated to the lajl affiejfment to the land tax; with a provifo, That 1 fuch profits arjjing from fuch perquifites as aforefaid,ffiould be deemed and taken to have been valued and rated in fuch lafi ajfejfment to the land tax, at fa muth only as the entire fum at which any fych qffice , was valued and rated in the faid affieffiment Jhould exceed Jbe mount	\

of the falaries, wages, and fees, payable as aforefaid in refpeft of the , fame office: and whereas, for the better rating, ordering, levying> and colltfting of the duty by the faid aft charged upon fuch perquifites of fucb of the laid offices and employments as are in that part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, the tornmiffionen of the land tax for the time being are thereby, aur tborized and required to afcertain, and fet down in writing, the mount of the duty of one {billing in the poundto be paid in pftrfoance , of the faid aft by all comndjffiouers and other officers, their\ clerks, agents, fecondaries, fubfiitutes, and other inferior mimfiers and per*}

(fens whatfoever, having, ufing, or ixercifing, any of the faid offices or employments, the falaries, wages* fees, and perquifites whereof, eg-reed the value of me hundred pounds per annum, within their refpecr ■ tive hundreds, baths, wapentakes, rapes, wards,, or other divifeons,,

’ in proportion to the annual value at which the profits,of fuch offices ; or employments refpeftively flood valued and rated in fehp [aft affiffi-^

. went to the land tax for the iaid refpeftive hundreds and divifions, refpeftively: and whereas it hath been found that, in confequence of the : faid befererecited limitations put by the faid aft uponthe rating,valuing, and affifling, vf the profits of effects and employment sk qtifmg from per-

'	l	13

5*«

~H\e peraui files of office to be ascertained hv the

AanO'tricefisie fcamckf Geo*giiII*	[1759:

quifites due end pajaiie in the courfo of office* the /aid offices and employments have not contributed in equal proportion with tbofc whereof the profits arife from falaries, fees* and wages, payable by the crow0; ^tiw y be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the coromiffioners commissioners of the land tax for the time being shall fix and of the land afeertain, according to their beft judgement and diferetion, the uiL, diltina Aim total or amount of the perquifites arifing from each and Ty^nd^nde" ****7 oG*** within their refpeftive diftrifts, diltinft from the (a-fendent of kry, fce«, and waget, thereunto belonging, which are to be dc* any former , dufted under the faid ad, and independently of any former valuation. Valuation or afleflment of the fame to the land tax; and (hall

where theper- ratc anc* a** ^uc*1 f^c offices and employments, quiiitc* exceed whereof the perquifites shall be found to exceed one hundred 3001• to be	pounds a year, at one (hiHing for every twenty (hillings arifing

rated i s. in by the faid offices and employments.

KeaP.!^gdro VL And’

to the end that the duty of one (hilling in ths tranfrohtothe Poun(^ may he paid upon all offices and employments whereof e^MTUTiiffioner* the falary, fees, and wages, together with the perquifites, shall of the land exceed one hundred pounds a year ; it is hereby further crafted by the authority aforefaid, That the receiver or receivers to be appointed by virtue of this aft, shall tranfmit to the commiflion-ers of the land tax in every diftrift where any office or employment is to beaffefied, an account of all fuch offices and .employments, whereof tlie fees, wages, and falaries, do not exceed one hundred pounds a year; and if the faid commissioners of the land tax shall find the perquifites arifing from the faid office, with the falary, fees, and wages, of the fame, as certified by fuch receiver or receivers, to exceed together the amount of one hundred pounds a year, then the/aid commissioners are to

tax, an account of all fuch offices, See the fees and falaries whereof do iirt exceed 3001, per an-num\

and fuch as, together, shall be found to exceed jool.

err are to *»te and aflefs fuch office and employment, and to caufe the oe charged duty of one (hilling iq the pound to be levied and collefttd

with the duty thereon*

of is. in the pound.

In future af-feflments to the land tax, offices not to be rated Higher than they were in jt Geo. x.

VII. Provided neverthelefe, That in al) future afleflments to (tie land tax, the faid offices and employments shall not be tallied or afleffed at any higher rates than thofe whereat the fame offices and employments were refpeftiMely ajfrffed and rated towards the land tax impofed by an aft made in the thirty firff year bf bis prtfent Majesty’s re gn; any thing to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding*

•	VIII. And, to prevent any doubts ,which might arife concerning the meaning of the ynor A. Perquifites t in the faid acit, and in this prefeat aft mentioned * be it deejarej^and enabled by the

Meaning of Authority aforefaid. That the fame fb*Jt (of the purposes of the the word Per- faid aft, and likewife of this prelent aft, be 9Qofrfued, deemed, quifites afeer- *nd taken, as and for fuch.profks of offices and employ ments in Great Britain^ as atife from free	by	cuftom or au-

thority; and payable either by the cipwn, or the fubjefts, in conficrcratioq of bqfinefs done, from time to time, in the courfc bf executing fuch offices and employments. v

*	IX. And whereas in and by fa'td ah it is provided* Tiat n:

commtffioncr. of the land tax in.England*	qr Qcrwick. ufsr.

tamed.

X vre

_rJ

W**l

1759.J	Antto trictlkto f&Uricto Gsokan IL tx 35; 519

Tweedy toikmffiom of fupply fn Scotland, who flail it pof~

ftffidof any office or employment fubjeft +n4'fable to tie duty thereby

impoftd, flail fit\ Watt, or any ways interfere, in rating his own

office or employment, bat flail withdrew* until the rating thereof be

fettled and determined by the tefi of the cmmijfioners then ptejent;

and whereas a doubt hath drifen whether any cothmiffiener pofleffed of

any fitch office or tthphyment, can fit, or a#, or any ways interfere,

in the execution of the fdid off, in regard that the commissioners of

the land tax Ore thereby confiituted the affijbrs, and that the making

andjigning any ajfejfment to he made in purfuame of the faid a ft by

any commiffioner pojjeffed of any office or employment, might be deemed

and taken to be fitting, dtling,' or interfering, in the fating of his CommijRon-

own office or employment, although fitch commiffioner had withdrawn, tax^t

until the rating of his office wds fettled and determined; be if rhtre- liable to pe-

fore enafted by the authority aforefaid, That nothing in thik or nalties for aft-

ip the faid in part recited aft contained, shall be deemed or con- wf ,J? thc

ftrued to extend to any fuch commiffioner, for or in refpeft of mentioned

his making or (igning any afleffment made, or to be made, in provided they

pbrfuance of the faid In part refciied aft, or of this aft; pro- withdra# dur-

vided fuch commiffioner lhall have Withdrawn, or shall with- th.c rating

draw, until the rating of his own office or employment (hall	em-

have been, or shall be, fettled or determined,	payments."

X.	Provided alfo. That the duty Of one (hilling in the pound charitable charged by the faid aft madb in the thirty firft year of his pte- donations c*-fent Majesty’s reign upon penfiohs and gratuities, shall not, for empted from the future, be charged on, or payable OUt of, fuch penfiOn* of dutics > gratuities wbich his Majesty, his hOifrk, fcrtdTuceeiTors, shall be

pleafed to declare in the warrant, order, or other irtfttument, directing payment thereof, to be intended as Charitable donations 5 any thing to the contrary thereof in any wife hotwith*

(landing.

XI.	Provided alfo. That nothing in the faid aft contained «s atfo offic^rf. shall extend, or be cotrftrued to Extend, to the changing of the ofr*?* • faid duty upon any military officers ferving on the ftafl£ or be*- *a|8. * >QpN longing to any of his Majesty’s garrifons, regiments, troops, * companies, the royal hofpital of Cnelfea, or the hofpitals of the

army; anything to the contrary thereof in any wife notwith-ftanding.

XII.	Provided always, and be it flrrther ertafted by the au-anj thority aforefaid. That the fata recited aft parted in the thirty (ions, anmiS-: firft year of his Majesty’s reign, Or thisaft, or any thittg'there- tics, and

in or herein contained, shall not charge, Or be conftrued, deem- rcnts* £c* 1 ed, or taken to charge, any penflon^ annuity, yearly payment, rent, or fum, ifluing ourof, or changed upon, any revenues tail, &c. by belonging to his Majesty id Great Britain, that* have been by his former Angi Majesty’s royal precfeceflbrs, Kin^ofK^uieiVk ctf England, or by	q

•aftof parliament,grtntedunto any tSe^dnioFperfotis'infee.orfee- - 1$.!*??.’ ? 'tail, br till redeemed by paymehre/TanVfttnt of fumrof* money	1 ;	'»

mentioned in any gtSHt oraft!bfWiilf the faid 'duty , or payment in the find redited aftW^ie'ftlifHhg Out of’ every ^ , ; c twehtv lhillings thereof by thei:year/but Fhat fuch penfiona,	-'i

JL i if. s	annuities,

£30	Anno	xridefimTtxufldtf Georgh; U.

annuities, yearly paymfcnts, amts, orAiaM^'fttd <fce-«cq«wttd and difrhafgetf' of, from, and againft, the laid duty, ssdf tk faid recited ad had never been made; anything thereto or here in contained ro the contrary-notwitbftandiog.	<	-

and office* in XIII. Provided always, and-be it farther enabled by the *u-hotlviwjverii- thority aforefeid. That nothing in this ad contained thtlia *****	tend,	or	be	conftrucd	to	extend, to charge any offices or em-

ployments in ritheroftho two-univerfities in that part of Britain called England, with the duty by-this ad impofed.

CAP. XXXIV.

An aft	for	the letter preventing	-	of

- woollen tn&nufaftures. of France into an} of tba ports« ffaLevant	fea,	by or on t be behalf of any of bis

Jif f fubjefts •, and for the more effectual preventing tb

illegal importation of Yaiv Jfik and mohetir yarn into tk

\kingdom:,

Preamble.	W7 HERB AS the importation of woollen brood cloth of tbt ms-

W	ymfoMnre of France into any ports or places within the L«

vWtJios»rbyor OH the behalf if Britilh fubjeUs, is not • only am nifejl difeouregimentand prejudice to the woollen Great Bsitaw, but-, is alfo a. rtfeans of affording, relief tp tbt enan, ond thtnebyrtHfibling them, to, carry on the war th Hagdtaa now. foe the more effedoaliy. preventing fuch deftru&ive countered for thw future, roay it pleafe your Majesty that it toay be enabled; and be jit .enacted -by the King’s moft excellent nu-jefty, by wjd, with the advice and confent of the. lords fpiriru! and tcmporal. afld oommons, in .this>prelfat-parliament aflem-Mo woollen bled, .-and by the authority of the fame,' That from and aiiet rnanutaitaies the pailingof this fat, no woollen broadcloth, or woollen goods, rnavbHm- bf tbcmetyufaiSure of France, foallidirfatly or indirectly be im-ported by oron P^ttd-dr carried; into any port or place in the Levant fas, behalf of any, within the (iifotsofany lettecs patent or charter granted totfct Englifh fub- governor company of meteharus of England trading into the of thenport* in	commonly	called	The	Turkey Company, byorontii:

the Levant aftcpofcfcof apy member of-the laid company, of. any fubje.: feasj	of this.realm.

nor may-Eos* IL;A«d be it further enaSedby the authority, afbsefiud, Thar liffi good* be, no,%09Upvbr^id-oVHh> or other wooJlen^opds, of the product «cS.Va &**$*&*of- ^.kingdom, lhall be imported into am ly from Great 9atl 91.-Levant, teas, within the limits of. the ini Britain,	.company’s chafle^ CJftcyjK.diisedUy from this lciogdomtt.by, to,

unlefs ctrttt-	,qr.onaqc©uiit-.ofh.»ny	BrifahjeR j -unlefc the importer fall

Iv^tfeconful	Ifajh^ftyVamhaflodor,	otto,	the copful or yict

be produced .cpfopli	msffnt gipomted by the£rt*«/	corn-

front the laft .pspy, aj( tfa gorkor,,plaee whereiuch goods -lhall be imported, place of ex-

t^ pmtt^rpl^ wbfocthe fane-gpods wese.Uftex-

Britilh, &c.

rffp,that th«Ciamy .w^3M btoughf or njeeived Irani Gee: 'Britain:, fa&in fuch cer^#ate foafaJh&fafriho) the name oi

'	.	'	•	the

■759*1 Anno tricdfimo fecurkio Georgii IL c. 34.	521

Cheihipor veffei, and alfo of the maftenthcreof, and the particular day or tune when.the fame goads were imported into fuch laftf loading port or phut froin Grrat Britain; which certificate shall be attened by the Britijbcqnful,or person a&ing asconful in hie abfence, refiding at fuch laft loading port or place; and and the bills tbe (aid (hipper shall alfo produce to the (aid Britijb conful, or of lading up* person a&mgas conful in his abfence, the bill or bills of lading on .tbc «*por-of the faid goods, which (hail have been given or made out upon Great Britain the (hipping thereof fjrom Great Britain; and the faid conful, or be alfo pro- * person acting as conful in his abfence, shall take notice in the duced, and . atteftation of fuch certificate, that fuch bill Or bills of lading notified in the were produced to him.	Mtetotum.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid,Conful to en-That upon granting every certificate for the exportation of**™ 4u?h-Britijb cloths or other woollen manufactures of this kingdom, certifcatehi for'any port or place within the limits of the charter of the Le- a book to be van? company, the conful, vice confuL, or perion adting as fuch, kept for that; js hereby required to enter a duplicate of the faid certificate in PurP°fe»	1

3	book to be by him kept for that purpofe; in which book the which ts to be faid duplicate being entered at the time of granting the certifi- fign** by the , jeate (hallbe figned by the exporter or (hipper 'of the goods, tak- exP°rtcr> ing the oath before required to be taken upon making out fuch and thc fame*

, certificate; which book and entry of the duplicates of alLftich may be admit.

1 certificates shall he referred *$o, and received as final evidence, ted aseri-i in.'aH diffuses which may arife with refpeft to the truth or au- dcnce, and , rthehticity of fuch certificates$ and fuch entries (half and may , be examined by all parties without fee or reward. '	*

IV; And be it further enabled by tbe authority aforefaid, That WhfJc tb*. , in all cafes where the conful, or person a&ing as fodi, shall re-ceive information, upon oath, fettrng forth good teafon to* fa- the confol is*

| fped the truth or authenticity of any certificate, the faid conful, to (ignify tbe . or person a&ing as fuch, (hall, and is hereby required, to fit*- famc tQ tbc mfy fuch information to the importer, and to take fecurity in J^^oubk1*1 | double the value of the goods: which feourity shall be forfeited, fecurity 1 in cafe, upon a reference to the entries and books Of the conful, and if fraud or person acting as fach, at the port from whence fuch goods dHcovered, shall be pretended to be imported, it shall appear that no foch certificate was granted; fuch fecurity to be affigned to the in- an<j afligned’ former for his foie ufe and benefit* *	to the in.

1 V. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That as often former.

1 as any fuch objections shall be made to any certificate'produced Notice of fuch by any 'importer of woollen cloths, or manufa&um, .into any <fi(jputed cer* port or place within tbedlmitsof the charter of the Letmttcom- tificartc.^be 1 pany, and fecurity shall betaken of the faid importer as by this 1	a&isdiretfed to be taken ; that in every foch cafe,-the ambaffa- the port where

;	dor, conful, or person adking ae fuch, (hall, byvhwtirft oppor- the fame (hall

1	tuoityy ttanfmit to the conful, or parkin ading He ftfch, at the** alledged to

1	port or plgce at which fuch deputed certificate fhatt be aUcdged

f	to have been granted, notice of foch difputo, requiring Ttom.	%

1 fach conful or perfen, at the fame time, an attefiation'Vinder his 1 kftfld aiu} feaJ, detetoufung whether rite certificate in difpute 1	’"	“	was

$12	Anno triccGm# fectindo Giojum He; 34.	[1^59.

*ho is to ft- WM	bim; and (bch attoftation diall be triwfaiiuuj

turn an attef. by the tod coafial, or person a&ing at furii^ by tbt firft o importation con- uinity, to the ambitfcfaf, confal, or pafoMAwr at fach, at ccming the the port or place where the cMpate shall arife, who it hereby re-tubelaid be-* 9uircti* upon the receipt thereof* to lay (uch atteftatkm before lore the im- laid importer * and m cafe the certificate be by foch tttef* porter, and tation verified, the fecurity fhaU be immediately^cancelled ; hit the lecuritv to if the certificate (hail by < fuch atteftation be found not to hare f^11 8nifl,*d, theambamdor,. canful, or •orfonafting as fuch, cordmgly. * *8 h«*eby required to levy the penalty by *diftrtfs and fale of the

!foods and chattels of the perion or persons giving the former ecurity, by warrant under the hand and foal of fuch ambafia-.dor* confute or pcrfbft a&ing as fuch; which warrant he is hereby authorized to ifluc; and the faid penalty, when recovered, shall be applied in manner as is before by this aft directed. Wo®nfn	Vh	And	be	it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That

Swithont * fitch woollen “goods as shall be imported into any port or fach'certifi- place within the limits of the faid Ltwnt company’s charter, cate, other* by, for, or on the account or behalf of any Britijb fubjec^ with-wife thwi di- out fuch certificate as aforefaid, other than fuch at Audi be tm-En%nd?m P°rtc^ dirc&ly from England,, shall be deemed, and conftrned, deemed to be and taken, to be woollen goods of the manufa&ure of frantic French, within the true intent and meaning of tbit aft; and h«s Meje-jefty’s ambafiador, and the cocifu), or vtccconful, or other proper officer appointed by the (aid Latent company are hereby island may be powered smd required ctfpeftiwcly rocaufethe (ame to be feized ‘e,zed- and confifcatcd.

Faftor to VII. And be it further etiaded by the authority afore&ud, That nuke oath, every merchant or fa&or wholhall be a fabjwft of Great Britain, or before exp°r- refiding under the preteAien of the Br'mjk ambaffrdor, or any the eoo<1« conful,. or vice coriful, or the perion acting a* fiich in his ab-rvere not pur- fence, withm the limit* of the faid company’s charter, (hall, be-chafed with, fore the exportation of any goods or merchandise wfaatfoever or taken in from any port or place within the limits aforefaid, make oath be-French goods f°re l^e ambafTador, or fuch conful, or vice confol, or the ®	* person adineas fuch in his abfence as aforefaid, that fuch goods

' or merchandize fo intended to be exported, were not purenafod by fuch merchant or his fador, with his knowledge, with the produce of, or taken in barter or exchange for, Frcteeh woollen broad cloth, or any other woollen manufactures of , since the palling of this a£h Importer of VIII. And be ifr further enabled by the authority- aforefaid, Turkdhgoodt Th*t from and after thdpjdOng of thisedp'Wpry person "who Britain, k> fh»U import inter Greet ( B%itoi$ or IreloHj any goods. Warts, or make'mth, merchandize whatfoiever, of foe growlh, produce, or manufac-before the ture, xif the Ttriijh dominions, v»j|hin the limits of the (aid Ihn<rn*’ thV company** charter, shall ^before ftieh goods, ware^, par tner-not purchased chandize,’ shall he permitted to he lahtled, make oath before with, or taken his Majesty’s cottimifilortemof the cuftoms,1 or the coHe&or or in barter for, comptroller, or other principal oflScer of tbe customs of fuch French wool- -p^ orplade where luch goods, warns, 'Or’ifrerchandize, (hall

I.759’] Awo tHcffimo ftcwtdo Georqii II. c;. 34.	^23

be imported* thatfame, or any part thereof, were, qr was by hjmfelfi or4t* corndpoodtiK, with bis Knowledge, di-reClly, or* iedireftly purchafcd by or with the produce of, at taken irv barter or.exchange, for any kind of woollen broad cloth, or any other woollen fhanuf&tures of France since the pairing of cxcept t^t this act, except fuch as shall have been condemned as lawful fame shall be prize.	prize goods.

IX.	And be it fort her enacted by the apthority aforefaid, if a certificate That in cafe any certificate to be granted purfoant to this aft shall (hall be loft; or happen to be loft or miilaid, the mafter or other person having miflaid, the charge of the (hip or veflel, on board whereof the gpods to/n^?crtomakc which fuch certificate did relate shall be loaden, (hall, before ^

the landing of fuch goods, make oath before bis Majesty’s am- and the pur-baflador, or the conful or vice conful of the port of difeharge port thereof, of the faid (hip, thereby fetting forth, according to the bed of his remembrance and belief, th6 purport of fuch certificate, and that the fame is fb loft or mtflhid, and that he doth not know what is become thereof, and tfiat thfe fame hath not been with his privity, confent, or knowledge, delivered or difpofed of to any person or persons whatfoever; aftd the faid mafter or other aiw* S,vc person navigating the (aid (hip or vefiel, or the conlignee or facing*sLdu-confignees of the goodrto which fuch certificate did relate, shall plicate tberc^ alfogive fufficient fecurity, in the penalty of double the value of $ of the faid goods, to his Majesty’s ambaflador, or to the conful or vice confal, or the person a&ing as fuch in h(s abfence, of the port or place where the faid goods shall be imported, for procuring and delivering to his Majesty s ambaflador, or to the faid conful or vice conful, or the person >aftipg as fuch in his abfence, within a reafonable time to be. by him appointed, a dupli-	'

cate of fuch certificate fo loft or mHlaid: and, upon making Licencetherc. foch oath, and giving fuch fecurity, js& aforefaid,- his Majesty’s up0fi to be ambaflador, or the faid confol or vice conful, shall grant the granted to faid mafter, or the confignee of the (aid cargo, leave or licence imP®rt the to import the goods mentioned in the faid oath$ and the famegQ0 s*

(hall and may thereupon be lawfully landed and imported.

X.	Provided ncverthelefs. That nothing in this aft contained W00^ shall extend, or be deemed, conftrued, or taken to extend, to fmportcdf&c. hinder or prevent the (hipping, trenfporting, importing, felling,

or difpofing of, any woollen goods or woollen manufacture of any country whatfoever, which shall have been taken from the enemies of the crown of Great Britain, and condemned as lawful prize, by any fh'p or (hips of war, or privateer, belonging to, or bearing oommiffion from, his Majesty, his heirs, orfucceflbrs.

XI.	Provided, That at the time of the importation of fuchyP°n produc-

prize cloths, a copy of the fentence of condemnation, ligned by	fcntwice1

the person condemning the fame, shall be delivered to the con- Qf condemna-ful, or person afting as fuch, at the port or place of importa-tion to the tion.	'	conful.

XII.	And utbereas fy an *8 of parliament faffed in the twelfth Rccital of year of the reign If bis late ineyejPy King Charles the Sewdj snti- claufes in aft

.V,.	.	.	xa Car. a.

Anno tfieefimo fecutido GeorciI II. c. $4.	£1759.

tided 1 An a & for the endttfragement and ittffcreaflftgtrf (Moping and navigation, it was, anmgfl ether things* enaffti, f9at no goods or commodities of foreign growth, production, ornmfmfaffure, and which Jhould be brought into England, Ireland, Waives, che ijlandt of Guemfey or Jerfey, or town of Berwick npM T weed, in Engliih built /hipping, or other flapping, as thetpn before mentioned, Jhould be /hipped or brought from any other place or places, country or countries, but only from thofe of the faid growth, production, or manufacture, or from thife ports where the Jkii goods or commodities coula only or ufually had been firjl Jtipped for tranjportd-tion, and from none other places or countries, under toe penalty of the forfeiture of all fuch goods as Jhould be imported from any other place or country, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the faid aft, as alfo of the Jhtp ln which the fame were imported, witb all bar gum, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, one moiety to bis Majc-Jty, hh heirs, and fucceffbrs, and the other moiety to him or them that Jhould feize, inform, or fue for the fame, in any court of record, to be recovered as in the faid aCt is exprejftd: and it was by the fame aCf provided, Thai the faid tiff, or any thing therein contained, Jhould not extend or be meant to rejtrain and prohibit the importation of any of the commodittes of the Streights or Levant fees loaded in Englifh built /hipping, and whereof the maftcr, and three fourths of the mariners at Uaft, were Englifh,/rew the uficalports or places for loading of fuch commodities theretofore, within the faid Straight* Sr Levant Jeas, though the fame were riot of the very growth of the faid places: and whereas by another aCt of parliament made in the fix th year of the reign of his late mo/ejly King George the Firjl, intituled. An act for prohibiting the importation of raw (ilk and mohair yam of the product or itianufatf ure of Ajia, from any ports or places in tlhe Streights or Levant fear* except fuch ports and placet as are wkhm the dominions of the Grand Seigniory afi& reciting the aforefaid thmfe, and aifo the aforaftid provifoiH the faid aCt of the twelfth year of the reign of bis> faid Jate maje/ly King Charles the Second, herein before recked and alfa . reciting that the woollen mmufadnrt In France ^ fmetbat time, been greatly increafed, and very large, quantities of fitch goody were then annually imported from thence /e. Turkey, tn return whereof, were brought from thence raw Jllky and other commodities* to Mar* fellies, and other ports in France, great quantities whereof were carried into Italy, and from thence imported into Great Britain^ n» Englifh jhipping, greatly to the dijeouragetnent oftbe woollen manufactures of Great Britain, and the advancement thereof, in France, and that without feme jfaedy core therein, the BritUh trade to Turkey would be daily lejfened, and was in danger of bshcg hf; it was by the faid aft enabled. That from and after the twenty ninth day of September one thousand feven hundred and twenty* th* faid recited claufeor provifo, as to the importation of raw filk and mohair yarn of the produff or manufacture of Afia, Jhould be, and was thereby repeaUdtfXteptmg only as to the ports and pikesin the yS»/Streights or Levant Jeas* which were within the deuHnmrtof the Grand Seignior: and whereas by another aft of parliament pajfed in the

'	tbir-

»759*]	Anno tricesimo fecnndo GxoRori ll. c. '	515

thirteenth <md fourteenth years of the reign of his faid late mdjefiy King Charles the Second,'intituled!, Anzti far preventing frauds, sctiect^Qor.%, and regulating .abufes* in his Maje fly's customs ; reciting, that there were greqt practices and combinations between the importers a^d owners of goods and,merchandizes, and the feizersand informers, with iefign dnd intent to defraud the force of the lowland.bis Ma* jtfly, ef bis duties and tujloms, it was enabled. That no Jbip orjbips, goods, wares, or merchandizes, Jbould be feifed as forfeited, for.or by reafin of unlawful importation, or exportation, into,jsrautof, this kingdom of England, dornmonof Wales, or port and town ^/T Ber* . wick, but by the per finer per fins who were or Jbould be appointed by his Majesty to manage bis cujioms, or officers of his Majejlfs customs for the’ time being, or fuebtother person op persons as Jbould be.depul-. ed and authorized thereunto, by warrant from the lardtreajuren, or under treafurer, or by fpecial counwjfion from bis Majefly under the-great or privy feal, and if any fiizure Jbould. thereafter pc made by any other per Jon or perms whoever, for any the caUfis therein . before-mentioned, fuch Jeizure Jbould be void and of none ejfetl: and. udsereks great 'qua vf.es of raw fib of the produft oe,manufafture of Alia have imported into this kingdom, under various denominations. and pretences,fromLeghorn, and other ports and places from whence, the fame may not be lawfully imported /^.England, contrary Jo the Jaid afts prohibiting the fame, and to the great prejudice of the trade of this kingdom: now, for the more effectually preventing fuch Where nur illegal practices for the future^ be it further enaCted by the autho-iilk, or mo-rity aforefaid, That in cafe any raw filk or mohair yarn,.or any h*lr fhip or veflel bringing the fame into England, Ireland, WoUt,	AjJJj8"

i(lands of Guernfiy or Jerfiy, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, fome, shall be at any time from and after the paffing of this ad,/(hall.be fcbr as for-ed, as forfeited by virtue of all or any of the faid herein before [eltcdfby virr in part recited aCts of parliament, then, and in any fuch cafe, the reciteci ° it shall not be lawful for any officer or officers, or other person afts, or persons who shall make fuch feizure, to releafe or abandon *bc f«*ure the fame, or delay or omit to proceed.to judgment for the con-demnation thereof, as the law in that behalf direds, Without without ac-firft acquainting the governor,.deputy governor, treafurer, orquainting the hufoand, of the faid company, or their fucceflors, or their known company of fecretary for the time being, by writing, of his or their inren- [j*ocb inten* tion to relinquifh or abandon fuch feizure* and fuch officer or and delivering officers, or other person or persons, (hall, at the fame time, de- in a fchedule liver to the faid governor, deputy governor, treafurer, hufband, of thefeizurej or fecretary of .the faid company, c^pf their fucceflors, a copy of the fchedule.of fuch feizurc.: ^nd Jn cafe the* fa*d governor ,and and where the company, or any committee tliereof, (hall, within feven days companyJhall after fuch notice, give bond, or offer to give bond? under the	the

cqmmon feal of their corporation, in the penal fum of one thou* office^ 7 fand pounds, with condition thereunder written for indemnifying 1 and laving harmteft . fuch officer or officers, or other person or persons, of, frden, and agiinft, all cofts of fuit,oharges, damages, and expences, which fuch officer or officer*, or other person or persons, shall be neceflarily put to*, or may pay or foftaio, in

cafe

5z6

but be profe-cuted to judgment.

Member of the company admitted to

Publick aft.

Anfto tridofimo feraridoGbq*gh IL	[ 1759,

ciie foch (hip, veflH, 6r goods, (ofeizod* fhatt not be adjudged,

^ upon the trifcl or hearing concerning the condemnation thereof, the fuit may to havp. been forfeited; that then uidv officer, or other perfect not be difeon- or pcjfons, fhailnot voluntarily abandon or rthnquifh fuchfeir-ou^their con- u*e» OT OBI*t 10 commence or bring, nor difeontinue any pro-fent,	ceedings	commenced	for	tbc condemnation of fuch fhip, veflel,

or goods, without the confenr of the faid company,.or fome committee thereof > but (hall, With aU convenient fpecd, proceed to judgment concerning the legality of fitch feizure; any law, « ceaitruftion of law, to thedohtrary notwtihftandmg’i

XIII.	Provided ncvenhelefs, That any perfou, bring a member of the faid company, shall be admitted to give evidence,

ve evidence ckkcrfar the plaintiff or plaintiffs, relator or editors, or de-^pon^he*™* fendamtor defendants, upon any trial, hearing, or examination, trial*	conccming	the	condemnation	or	legality	of	the	feizure of the

goods, fhip, or vefTel, to which any fuch bond, fo to be given at aforefaid, shall relate ; any fitch bond, or any law, or cottftruc-tion of law, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIV.	And be it further enaAed, That ths aft shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be, a publick aft, and be judicially taken notice of as fuoh, by alt judges and other periods what* foevefr, without the fame being fpecially pleaded.

XV.	And be it further enafted by the authority ^aforefetd. That if any person or perfect? fhall, at any rime or titoes, be feed or piofcedted for any thing by him, or themdone or executed ia puriuance of this aft, or of any matter jot thing in .this a& con* taitied, fuch perfbn or perions (hail and may pleid the general iflUe, and give the fpecial matter in evidence for his or their defence ; aridi if, upon the* trial a verdift (hail pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become non-fuited, or. difeontinue his or their aftion, then filch defendant

Treble cods, or defendants shall have treble cods to him or them awarded, againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiff^

Continuance XVI. Provided always, That this aft, and every thing con-of tfoe aft. tained therein, shall continue and be in force during the present war with France^ and no longer.

CAP. XXXV.

An a Si	for augmenting the of the judges in

the court of King’s Bench, the judges in the court of Common Pfeis, the barms of the coif in the court of Exchequer at \Veftminfter, the judges in the courts SefTion and Exchequer in Scotland, and jufiices sf .	. Chefter, and the great	for the counties in Wales,

WHEREAS the falaries the puifne .judges in the court of

.King’s Bench, the judges in the court of Common Pleas, the barons of the coif in the court of Exchequer at Weftminiter, the judges in the courts of SefTion and Exchequer ji* Scotland, and the jufliees of Chefter, and of the great {efforts for-the counties it Wales:, arc inadequate to, the dignity and importance of their offices:

and

General iflae.

Preamble.

* 759*3] A^^tr^iKKifiwili^ CROROil K C. #. '	$*7.

and your Majefty’* moft dutiful, and loyal fubje&sy the comtnom

of Great Britain in parliament afferoblcd, being dofirous to aug-

ment the frid ferries, do give and grant unto your Majesty, in

order $q eflaWflh In the firfit place a proper fund for the atfgmen-'	,*

tation of the faJafies of the (aid judges in the courts at Wejlmin*

JUr* aod jpi&es	ana the great, feffions for the coun- •	T

ties ip WqUs, thf duties herein after mentioned, and do therefore moft humbly befeech your Majelly that it m^y beeoa&ed \ and be ittepa<fted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by apd with the advice and content,of the lords Spiritual and tem-gqra), and commons,1 in this prefent, parliament afiembled, and hy the authority of the fame, That from and after the fifth daynAdditi«»al of July, ope thousand feyen,hundred and fifty nine, there shall ftamp duties ' he .throughout England, the dominion of Wales, and town of charged on Berwick upon Tweed,; railed, colleded,. levied, and: paid, unto every piece of and for the ufe pf hi$ Majesty, his heirs, and fucceffor?, for men^or^* every pieqe of vellum* parchment, or paper, on which the fe- per" iredfrt" veral andjefpedive matters and things herein after mentionedrfuch matters, shall be ingrofled or written at any time or times after the faidtotake place fifth day pt July (over apd above the rates, duties, chanps, and $ July* *749* (urns ox money, now due and payable to his Majesty for or in • * refpedt of the fame) the fuVther several and refpe&ive rates, duties, charges, and fum* of money following; that is to fay,	‘	’

, For ev$ry piece of .vellum or parchment, or (beet or piece ofViz. upon if. " paper, upon, which, any affidavit tp be made ufe of in any court fidavits filed ' of law or equity at Weflminfler, or in any cqurt of the great or read in ' fefiions for the counties in Wales, or in the court of the county courts» 6 dm palatine of Chejter, shall be ingrofled or written (except affidavits (Affidavits for taken purfuant jo several a&$ made in the thirtieth andtwo and	^	1

thirtieth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, for bu- thofe taken rying in woollen ! apd except foch affidavits as shall be taken before officers: before the officers of the cuftoms, or any jufiice or juft ices of?^*00#011**, the peace, or before any commissioners appointed,,or to be aP-iiommiffioneni pointed, by any aft of parliament, for the afleffing and levying ofthepeblick; apy aids or duties granted or to be granted to hi$ Majesty, hi$ taxes, except-heirs and fucceflors, and which affidavits shall be taken by the **•)

(aid officers of the cuftoms, juftices, or commissioners, by virtue of their authority as juftices of the peace, or commissioners refpeiftively, and not otherwifc) the sum of fix pence.	i

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or (beet or piece of Upon copies • paper, upon which any copy of fuch affidavit a$ is herein before ™	af-

charged, fthat (hallbe filed or read in any of the faid courts, (hallhdav,ts'6 • be ingrofled or written, the funi of fix pence.

For every piece of vtflum or parchment, or fheet or piece of Upon filing* * paper, upon which, any common bail to be filedrin any» court ofcomman «#■■> i	Lw at Wejlminft&t, pr in any of the aforefaid courts, and upon	i	J

I	which any appearance that IhaJl be made upon fuoh bail, (hall	> ;

i	be ingrofled or written, theiiun of fix pence.

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or (beet or piece of Upcm * rqie ' P?{Xr, upon which-any rule or order made or given ia any the or osde^of ~ I , r	courts	court, fd.*

5*8

Upon a copy ot fuch rule or order, 6d.

Upon original writs. See.

Antic tnceflrrid feftindb GfioRGii IL c.35.	£*75$

courts at IVifiminfter, cither courts of law or equity, fhaU be ingrofled or written, the funn of fix pence.

For every piece of vellum or parchment,- or (heet or piece of paper, upon which any copy of fuch rules or orders entered, shall be ingrofled or written, the (urn of fix pence.

For every piece of vellum of parchment, or (heet or piece of

to 40$. or more, 6d.

(particular writs except ed)

Upon depofi*

paper, upon which any original writ (except fitch origins! oa mSSS ™hich a writ	Sub	Patna,	bill of ATtddUfexy La-

or other pro-7 tit at, writ of Capias £>vo Minus, writ of Dedimus Pateftatm, cefs ot court, to take anfwers, examine witnefles, or appoint guardians, or ™y ot^lcr wr*t whatfoever, or any other procefs or mandate, mageaakmntsAwM iffue out or pafs the feals of any the courts at Wtfi-minfter, courts of the great feffions in Wales* courts in the counties palatine, or any other court whatfoever holding plea, where the debt or damage doth amount to forty shillings, or above, or the thing in demand is of that value, mall be ingrof-ed or written (writs of covenant for levying fines, writs of entry for fuffering common recoveries, and writs of Habeas Carpus, alway excepted) the Turn of fix pence.

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or piece of tions taken in paper, upon which anydepofition taken in the court of Chancery, Chancery, or Qr other court of equity at Wejlminjler (except the paper draught? equityC(paper^ depofitions, taken by virtue ot any commiffion, before they draughts are ingrofled) or upon which any copy of any biU, anfwer, plea, thereof ex- demurrer, replication, rejoynder, interrogatories, depofi tions, J5Pt?d) other proceedings whatfoever, in fuch courtsof equity, (haUbe aniwers°, S' ingrofled or written, the sum of one penny, pleas, or other For every piece of vellum or parchment, or (hee* or piece of proceedings paper, upon which any declaration, plea, replication, rejoynder, in fitch courts, demurrer, or other pleading whatfoever, in any court of law at Upon declara- ^fttninjler, or in any of the courts of the principality of Woks, tions, and or in any of the courrs in the 'Counties palatine of Cbejler, Len-other plead- cajler, or Durham, (hali be ingrofled or written, the lum of one penny; and.

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or piece of paper, upon which any copy thereof shall be written or ingrofled, the sum of one penny.

II. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That for the better and more effectual raifing, levying* cohering, and paying, all the faid additional and new rates and duties hereir before granted, the fame shall be under the governcnent, care, and management, of the commi(boners for the time being appointed to manage the duties payable to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, and charged on (lamped vellum, parchment, mi paper, by former a<5ls of parliament in that behalf made; who, employ proper or the major part of them, are hereby required and imp* officers under owerc(j to employ fuch officers under them for that per-pofe as they shall think proper; and to ufe fuch dyes and damps to denote the ftamp duties hereby charged as they fluB think fir, and to repair, renew, or alter the lame, from time to time, as there (hail be occafion; and to do all other ads, matters, and things, neceflary tq be done for putting this ad

in

inzs in courts ot law, id. Upon any copy, thereof, id.

Thefe duties to be under the management of tbe qomnuflioners for the other ftamp duties 5

who are to

them, and

Srovide,fit amps tor the purpofe, and do all other matters

*759*1 Allno triccfimo fecUndo GeoRGII II. c. 33.	5*9

in execution, with delation to the faid several rates and duties necefl- ^ t hereby granted, in the like and in as full and ample manner as carmng this they, or the major part of them, are authorized to put in execur a&mtoexe-tion any former law concerning damped vellum, parchment, or cation, paper.

IH. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the author Onenewftamp rrty aforefaid, That to prevent the multiplication of {lamps up* to be provided oil fuch pieces of vellum or parchment, or (heets or pieces of to dehote the paper, on which several dlities are by several ads of parliamentfcvcral dut^s* impofed, it fhaH and may be lawful for the (aid commiiEoners, inftead of the didind damps direded to be provided to denote the several duties on the vellum, parchment, or paper, charged therewith, to caufeonenew damp to be provided, to4enote,thc fard several duties on every piece of vellum or parchment, or fheet or piece of paper, charged with the faid several dutips, from tipie to time, as shall be by them thought needful.

IV. And it is hereby further enabled. That all vellum, parch- Formerftamps ment, and paper, charged by this ad with any of the iiamp du- not made uk ties hereby granted, which hath been, or fhail, before the kid of before 5 fifth day of July> be damped or marked in purfuanceof the for- Ju,y» *°be , mer ads of parliament relating to his Majefty's damp duties, or any pf them, (hall, before any of the matters and things in re- have an addi-fped whereof any rate or duty is hereby made payable shall be tional damp ingrofffed or written thereupon, fuch ingroffing or writing being Put on thcm* at any time after the faid fifth day of July, be brought to the head office for damping or marking of vellum, parchment, and paper, to be damped or marked with another mark or damp, over and befides the marks or damps put or to be put thereupon in purfuance of the faid former ads, or any of them; and that All papers,&& all vellum, parchment, and paper, which hath not been, or fhail made ufe of not, before the faid fifth day of July, be damped or marked in after the faid purfuance of the faid former ads, or any of them, fhail, before Wjj ' any of the matters or things in refped whereof any damp duty according to is payable hereby, and by the faid former ads, or any of them, this aft *

(hall be thereupon ingrofled or written, fuch ingroffing or writing being after the faid fifth day of July> be brought to the faid head office, and there marked and damped with the proper marks or damps, or mark or damp, provided, ufed, or appoint* ed, or to be provided or appointed in purfuance of the faid former ads, or of this ad, to denote the refpedive duties thereby and hereby refpedively charged thereupon: and if any of the faid on penalty of matters and things fo to be ingrofled or written as afore&id, shall forfeiting $i> be ingrofled or written, contrary to the true intent and meaning befides the hereof, upon vellum, parchment, or paper, not appearing toau have beep duly marked or damped, according to this ad; that then, and in every fuch cafe, there shall be due, anfwered, and paid (over and above the damp duties payable hereby, and by the faid former ads, or any of them) for or in refped of every fuch matter and thing thefum of five pounds; and that no fuch	,

matter or thing fhail be available in law or equity, or be given	IJ”	■

UtlCf 1

;n evidence, or admitted in any court, uniefs as wcllithe faid duty be paid. Vol. XXII.	Mm	hereby

530	Anno	triccfimo	feeundo	Georgii	II.	c.	35.	[1759.

hereby charged in refped thereof, as the faid fum of five pounds, ihall be firft paid to the receiver general for the time being of and the pa- the ftamp duties, or his deputy'or clerk; and until the vellum, Sim* t^before Parc^mcnt, or paper, upon which fuch matter or thing is fib in-thelaine(halTgrafted or written, shall be marked or damped according to the be available in tenor and true meaning hereof: and the faid receiver (general, law or equity, and his deputy or clerk, are hereby enjoined and required, upon of^hePayiI3dnt Paymcnt or ten<kr of the faid duties, and of the (aid fum of five and duties, ^ P°unds, and fuch other fums as by the faid former ads are pay-admit- able in that behalf, to give a receipt for fuch monies; and the

chequer.

Books to be kept in the

ted to be other proper officers are thereupon required to mark or ftamp ftampt. fuch matters or things with the proper marks or (lamps, or mark or ftamp, required in that behalf; which faid fum of five pounds, is to be applied to the fame ufes and purposes as the duties hereby granted are to be applied.

Duties to be V. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Tlut paid to the the several rates and duties herein before granted, shall be paid, receiver gene- from time to time, into the hands of the receiver general for the ■	5	time being of the duties on (lamped vellum, parchment, and

and a feparate PaP€r > w^o shall keep a feparate and diftind account of the fc-mccountkept veral rates and duties anting by virtue of this ad, and pay the thereof. fame (the neceflary charges of railing, paying, and accounting P1^ for, >fuch rates and duties being deduded) into the receipt oc mtSthe e^ exchequer, for the purposes herein after exprefled, at fuch time and in fuch manner as any former duties on damped vd-Ium, parchment, or paper, are directed to be paid : and that in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt, shall be provided and auditor's of- kept a book or books, in which alf the monies arifing from the fite for enter- several rates and duties hereby granted and paid into the faid re-ing thefe du- ccipt, as aforefaid, shall be entered feparate and apart from all m ot^cr monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs, and fucceffors, upon any account whatfoever, and shall be applied in fuch manner as is herein after mentioned.

VI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the faid commiftioners, and all other officers who shall be employed in the collection or management of the faid several rates and duties herein before granted, (hall, in the execution of their offices, obferve and perform fuch rules and orders as they re-fpedively (hall, from time to time, receive from the high trea-the execution furcr> 0r the commiftioners of the treasury, or any three or more of their offices. Qf for the time being; and that no fee or reward shall be No fees to be taken or demanded by any fuch commiftioners or officers from tak€°* any of his Majesty’s fubjeds, for any matter or thing to bedbne Officermaking in purfuance of this ad: and in cafe any officer employed in the default in his execution of this ad in relation to the faid rates and duties, shall duty, to pay rcfufc or negled to do or perform any matter or thing by this ad treble^cofk, required or directed to be done or performed by him, whereby to the party any of his Majesty’s fubjeds, shall or may fuftain any damage frieved, whatfoever; fuch officer, fo offending, shall be liable by any adion to be founded on this (latute, to anfwer to the party grieved all fuch damages, with treble cods of fuit*

.	YU.	And

ties a]

all

Commiffi oners, and officers under them, to obferve the orders of the treasury in

1759*3 Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c.	^31

VII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

That the faid commissioners and their officers shall be fubje<5t	for

to fuch penalties and forfeitures for any breach of the trufts in breach of them repofed, or for diverting or mifapplying the money receiv- trail, cd in purfuance of this ad, as by any former law relating to damped vellum, parchment, or paper, are infli&ed; and that Powers and all powers* provifions, articles, claufes, penalties, forfeitures, provi(ions,&c. diftribution of penalties and forfeitures, and all other matters ^tfn^^he and things preferibed, inflided, or appointed, by any former ftam^duties,6 ad or ads of parliament relating to the duties on vellum, parch- extended to * ment, and paper, on which any affidavit, or any other matter or thefe duties, thing herein before mentioned, in refped whereof any rate or duty is by this ad granted, shall be ingroffed or written, and not hereby altered, mall be in full force and effed with relation to the additional rates and duties hereby impofed, and shall be applied and put in execution for the railing, levying, colleding, and fecuring, the faid additional rates and duties, according to the true intent and meaning of this ad, as fully, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had feverally and refpedively been herein enaded with relation to the additional rates and duties hereby impofed.

VIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

That if any perfon, from and after the faid fifth day of July,	^

ftiall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, counterfeiting any feal, (lamp, or mark, to refemble any feal, (lamp, or mark, theftampt, deeded or allowed to be uled by this ad for the purpofe of denoting the duties hereby granted, or shall counterfeit or' refem-	f

ble the impreffion of the fame, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs, and fucceflors, of any of the faid duties* or shall utter, vend, or fell any vellum, parchment, or paper, liable tQ any fuch (lamp duty, with fuch counterfeit ftatnp or mark, knowing the fame to be counterfeit; or shall privately or frau- or privately or dulently ufe any feal, (lamp, or mark, direded or allowed to be fraudulently ufed by this ad, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs, and making ufe of fuccefiors, of any of the faid duties; every person fo offending,* e true unei* and being thereof lawfully qonvided, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of death, clergy.

IX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. The following That, from and after the fifth day of July, there shall be iffued,

paid, and applied, in every year, out of the monies which (hall	aug^"

arife by the duties herein before granted, and be paid into the mentationof receipt of the exchequer as aforefaid, the fums of money follow- the judges Iking to the several judges herein after mentioned,as an addition to, ,ar*cs > and in augmentation of, their refpedive falaries; that is to fay, viz 500I. to The fum of five hundred pounds to each of the puifne judges each of the for the time being in the court of King's Bench; the sum of five PJ!,r£e Hs** hundred pounds to each of the judges for the time being in the King^Bemrhi court of Common Pleas at JVeJlminJler 5 the sum of one thousand 500]. to each1 pounds to the chief baron for the time being in the court of Ex- pf the judges chequer at IVeJlm'inJler j and the sum of five hundred pounds to ^Jh^courtof

M m %	each

532	Anno	tricefimo secundo Georgii II. c. 35.	^1759,

toool. to the each of the other barons of the coif for the time being in the (aid btron °f. court Exchequer \ the sum of two hundred pounds to the coolCXtoeach^’ c^ie^juftice of Chejler for the time being; the sum of dne hun-of the other dred and fifty pounds to the second justice of Cbefter for the time barons of the being; and thefumof one hundred and fifty poundsto each of the c°ifi . juftices for the time being of the great feflions for the counties in chief hittice Wakt : which faid several andrefpedfive fums of money shall be of Chetter; and are hereby charged upon the rates and duties herein before 150I. to the granted, and shall be paid thereout, in every year, at fuch time ,Cfrhd(/uttlCC or t‘mes> anc* *n manner> as the falaries to the (aid judges leS. toCeach now are or ^ave accuftomarily been paid, of the Weifh X. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That judges; if the faid rates and duties shall prove deficient in any year to to be paid make good and anfwer the fums herein before appointed to be ^Uries have	an<*	aPP^ec^ yearly in augmentation of the lalartes of the

accuitomarilv kid judges, it (hall, from time to time, as often as fuch deE-been.paid. * ciency shall happen, be lawful for the high treafurer, or com-If the duties miflibners of the treasury, or any three or more of them for the dent^the t®m€ keing, out °f anY money that is then, or shall thereafter be, treasury may *n the exchequer, ana that hath arifen, or shall arifo, by the faid apply any \m- rates and duties, and not otherwife applied by parliament, to appropriated diredl any fum or fums of money to be ifluea and paid for or “-the tovvarc|5 making good fuch parts of the faid annual fums as shall aid thereof, be, from time to time, deficient or in arrear.

When any de- XI. Provided always. That when and as often as any foch ficiency shall deficiency shall happen, the payments to be made to the faid happen, the feVcral and refpedtive judges shall be in proportion To the refpec-Ph^XVto tive ^ums which are herein before diredted and appointed to be be in propor- paid to fuch judges refpedliVely.

tion to the fa- XII. And be it further enadted by the authority afbrelaid, lanes refpec- That all the refidue and furplus of the monies arifing by the Them a °WCd ^a^ rales anc* duties which (hall, from time to time, remain in Surplus mo- the exchequer, and shall not have been iffued and applied for niesof thedu- the augmentation of the falaries to the faid judges, and for the ties t®^crc* making good any fuch deficiencies as aforefaid, shall be, from future dtfpo- ^mc t0 t*me> referved for the difpofition of parliament, and fition of par- shall not be iflued but by authority of parliament, and as (hail liaraent. be directed by future adt or adts of parliament; any thing in any former adt or adts contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

XIII.	And for the augmenting of the falaries of the judges in tit Salaries of the courts °f fe3on an& exchequer in that part of Great Britain caM judgesinScot- Scotland, be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That land to be	from and after the faid fifth day of July, there shall be ifiued,

augmented	paid, and applied, in every year, out of the monies which (hall

ties a* *ro ri-" ^rom t,mc to t*mc» °*or f°r anY duties and revenues in ated^or^hat that part of Great Britain called Scotland, which by anadt made ; purtK)ft by aft in the tenth year of the reign of Queen Anne, were charged or 10 Ann*. made chargeable with the payment of the fees, falaries^ and other charges allowed or to be allowed by her Majesty, her heirs, or fncccflors, for keeping up the courts of (eflion and judiciary and

cachc-

f 750*3 Anno tnccfimofecundo Georgn JI. .C. 36.	533

exchequer court in Scotland> the several Turns of money following, to the judges herein after mentioned, as an addition to, and in augmentation of, their refpedive falaries; that is to fay. The fum of viz. 300I. to three hundred pounds to the prefident for the time being of the the prefidcnt (aid court of fefikm; the Aim of three hundred pounds to the chief	°

baron for the time being of the faid court of exchequer; and 30o). to the the sum of two hundred pounds to each of the other judges for chief baron of the time being in the faid courts of feflion and exchequer re- gh®hceou^r°f fpe&ively: which faid several and rcfpedive Turns of money shall **ol't^each be, and are hereby, charged upon the faid duties and revenues, of the other and shall be paid "thereout in every year, at fuch time or times, judges in the and in fuch manner, as the fees, falaries, and other charges of	1

keeping up the faid courts, now are or have accuftomarily been y°ar|yPai the paid since the union of the two kingdoms, in purfuance of any falaries have a<d or ads of parliament.	accuftomarily

XIV.	And it is hereby enaded by the authority aforefaid, bccn P^* That if any person or persons (hall, at any time or times, be fbed or profecuted for any thing by him or them done or to be ~ done or executed in purfuance of this ad, or of any matter or thing in this ad contained, fuch person or persons shall and may plead the general iflue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence. General iflue* for his or their defence 5 and if upon the trial a verdid shall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plantiff or plaintiffs shall become nonfuited, then fuch defendant or defendants shall have Treble cofts. treble cofts to him or them awarded againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XXXVI.

An act for enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of one million for the ufes and purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this session of parliament.

Preamble. Credit of loan granted to his Majesty for i,ooo,oool. Trea-fury may raise the fame by loans or exchequer bills, in like manner as is pre(bribed by the land tax adt of this feftion, concerning loans or exchequer bills thereby to be made out. The claufes, See. in the faid ad relating to the loans or exchequer bills, extended to the loans and exchequer bills to be made forth in purfuance of this ad; principal and intcreft, with the charges attending, to be paid out of the next fupplies, and if none fufficient be granted before 5 July 1760, then they are to be paid out of the iinkingf und; and the monies fb iftued to be replaced out of the firft fupplies. The bank impowered to advance on the faid credit 0+' loan, juiy fum or Runs not exceeding 1,000,oool. the ad of 5 Sc o W. 8c M. notwithftanding. Appropriation of the fupplies in general. The monies anting by the land tax, malt ad, fubfidy and lottery ad, and other Aims remaining in the exchequer, and finking fund. Savings upon the fum granted for pay and doathing of the militia for the year 1758, overplus of the grants for the year 1758 remaining in the exchequer, and the Sum of ioo,oopl. granted to the emprefs of Ruftia in 1755, repaid into the exchequer, with the sum of i,ooo,oool. granted by this ad* viz. out of the aids in general, 3,558,4911. 9s. 8d. towards naval fervices herein fpe-cified. 1,000,000!• towards paying off the navy debt, to,oool. towards the fupportof Greenwich Hofpitai. 544,777!. 5s. for charge of the office of ordnance for land fervice. 4,592,4441. is. 9d. 3q. towards the land forces in general; of which 1,156,13*1. 15s. id. for troops in Ger-* manv and the Weft Indies, and for guards and uacrifons. See in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jerfey. 52,484]. is. 8d. for the ftaff officers, and officers of the bofpitals. 742,5311. 5s. 7d. for guards and garrifom, See• in the plantations, and Gibraltar, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Provi-

M m 3	dence,

Anno tricesimo fccundo Georgii II. c. 36. r* 759«

deuce, Cape Breton, and Senegal. 40,8791. 13s. 96. for troops on the Irifh eftabluhment ferving in North America and Africa. 34,367). 15a. sod. to the reduced officers of the land forces and marines. 2,958!. 19s. 7d. to the officers and gentlemen of horfe guards, See. reduced. *9iz8L for penfions of officers widows. 26,000). for outpenfioners of Cheliea Hofpital. 466,785). 10s. 5d. 3q. for extraordinary expences of land forces, and other fervices, incurred in the year 1758. 398,697). 17a. ad. 39, for the troops of Hanover, Wolfenbuttel, Saxe Gotha, and count Buckeborg, employed aeainft the common enemy, in concert with the King of Piruf-fia. 59,6461. is. 8d. 3q. for the troops of Hefle Cartel, in t£e pay of Great Britain, with the fubfidy, purfuant to treaty, from 25 Dec. 1758, to 24 March, 1759*	181,251). is. nd. iq. refidue for charge of the fad

troops, from 25 Dec. 1758, to 15 Dec. 1759. 97,581). 17s. tod. doc. for charge of additional troops of HefTe Cartel, in the pay of Great Britain, from 1 Jan. 1759, to 31 Dec. 1759.	500,0001.	upon	account,	for‘forage

and other contingent expeaces of the combined army under prihoe Ferdinand. 670,0001. to the King of Pruffia, purfuant to treaty. 60,0001 to the landgrave of Herte Cartel, purfuant to treaty. ftoo,oool. to dif-charge the like fum borrowed on a vote of credit of the laft feffion* 1 ,ooo,oool. upon account, to defray the extraordinanr expences of the war. 9,9011. 5s. upon account, for fupporting the colony of Nova. Scotia. 11,178!. 18s. 5d. upon account, tor charges incurred in 1757, for fupporting the faid colony, and not provided for. 4,0571. ios. upon account, for defraying the civil eftablifhment of Georgia. 667,771!. 19s. 7d. for charges of tranfport fervice. See. incurred in the year 1758. 2,500!. to make good the like fum irtued by his Majesty to John Mill ef-quire, and to be paid over by him to the viftuallers, Sec. of Southampton, in confideration of their expences in quartering fhe Heffian troops. 11,450! to make good the like fum iffiied by his Majesty in augmentation of the judges falaries. 7781.16s. 6d. to make good the like fum ifTued by his Majesty to Jane Hardinge, balance of her husband's account for prating the journals of the houfe of commons. 69,910!. 15s. iq, upon account, for difeharging incumbrances on the Perth eftate, purfuant to ad 25 Geo. i. 24,371!. 6s. 1 id. 3q. to replace to the finking fund tbe like fum paid thereout, to make good the deficiency of the additional ftamp duties, Sec. on 5 July, 1758. 8,881). 11. rod. iq. to replace to the finking fund the like fum paid thereout, to make good the deficiency of the duties on glafs, &c. on 5 July, 1758. 15,000). without account, towards repairing London Bridge, Aft 29 Geo. 2. 20,0001. to the Foundling Hofpital, to be paid without fee. 30,0001. to the Foundling Hofpital, for receiving, Sec. fuch children as shall be brought thither before r Jan. 1760, to be paid without fee. io,oool. towards maintaining the forts and fot-tlements in Africa. i,t8ol. to R. Long, D. D. to enable him to difeharge a mortgage upon the estate devifed by T. Lowndes Efq; for the endowment of an aftronomical and geometrical profefTorfliip in Cambridge. 90,0001. upon account, for pay and cloathing of the militia, and repayment to his Majesty of 1,3321. 10s. advanced by him for the ferviceot the militia. ao,oool. to the Eait India company, in lieu of the King's troops withdrawn from thence. 200,000). upon account, to make compenfarioo to the provinces of North America, for expences incurred by them in levying, cloathing," and pay of troops railed there. 2,442). 3s. id. for par-chafing lands tor (ecuring Portfmouth, Chatham, and Plymouth dod». Thefe aids to be applied to no other ufes. Rules to be obferved in tbe application of the half-pay. Claufe in aft 31 Geo. 1. Application of the favinga of the faid fum cf 35,602b granted the Jaft session towards half-. pay. Treafury may ifTue to the banks of Scotland, the sum of 69,910). 15s. 9d. iq. for difeharging the incumbrances of the Perth eftate. The decrees fuftaining the claims thereupon, to be produced to the court on br before 5 July 1759; and debentures to be then made out for tbe faaae, with the interest due j which are to \it paid at fight by the bank. Decrees not then produced, the claims not to bear interest after the (aid day. Barons of the Exchequer, with content of the treasury, to fettle the rewards due to the officers of the court, and ilfue debentures for the fame, Sec.’ No foe to be taken by the officers of the Exchequer from the creditors of the

•	find

1759*3 Anno tricesimo ftcundo Georgii II. c. 37,-44*

fsud eftate, on penalty of tool, and repayment of the fee, with cofts. Surplus monies, after discharging the incumbrances on the Perth eltate, to be referved for the future difpofition of parliament.

cap. xxxvn.

An act for repairing and widening the high road leading from the town of Mansfield in the county of Nottingham, through the towns of Plea-fley, Glapwell, Heath, and Normenton, and the liberty of Hafland, to the turnpike road leading from the town of Derby, to the town of Chefterfield in the county of Derby.

cap. xxxvm.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from Chappel Bar, near the weft end of the town of Nottingham, to Newhaven * and from The Four-Lane*Ends near Oafcerthoipe, to Alhborne 5 and from the croft poft on Wirkfworth Moor, to join the road leading from Chefterfield, to Chappel-en-le-Frith, at or near Longfton in the county of Derby ) and from Selfton, to Annefley Woodhoufe in the county of Nottingham.

CAP. XXXIX.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from the eaft end of the town of Chard 1 to the fouth end of Weft Moor j and from the weft end of the Yeovil turnpike road, through Ilmifter, to Kenny Gate; and from the weft end of Peafe Marlb Lane, to Horton Elm; and firom Saint Raine Hill, to Ilmifter $ and from White Crofs, to Chillington Down ; and from a place called Three Oaks, over Ilford Bridges, to Bridge Croft in the county of Somerfet.

CAP. £L.

An act for repairing several roads leading to the town of Bridgewater, in the county of Somerfet; and for amending and rendering more effectual several afts for amending several roads from the cities of Gloucefter and Briftol, and several other roads in the laid afts mentioned, in the counties of Somerfet and Gloucefter.

CAP. XLI.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the croft at Broken Croft in Macclesfield, in the county of Chefter, through Macclesfield Foreft, to the present turnpike road at the fouth end of the townfhip of Buxton, in the county of Derby.

CAP. XLIL

An act for leaking the river Stort navigable, in the counties of Hertford and Effex,* from the New Bridge in the town of Bifhop Stortford, into the river Lee, near a place called The Rye, in the county of Heitford.

CAP. XLIII.

An aft fof repairing and widening the road from Chefterfield to the turnpike road at Hernftone-Lane-Head; and alfo the road branching from the laid road upon the Eaft Moor, through Bafiow and Wardlow, to the joining of the faid roads again near Wardlow Mires; and alfo the road leading between the faid road and branch from Calver-Bridge, to Ba-llow-Bridge; and alfo the road from the turnpike road near Newhaven Houfe, to the turnpike road near Grindleford Bridge, in the county of Derby.

CAP. XLIV.

An act to continue, amend, and make effeftual an aft patted in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An ad fir repairing the roads from the north-weft parts of the county of Lincoln, through Nettlam Fields, Wraghy Lane, and Baumber Fields, to the Wolds, or North-eaft part tf the faid county; and alfo for repairing and widening tbt

M m 4.	roads

536 Anno triceGmo secundo Georgii IX. e. 45,-5^. [1759.

rpadt from the Well, in Eat-gate in the city of Lincoln, and from the north-weft end of Homcaftle, and from the Guide Poft at the eaft end of Hainton, through Barkwitb, to the roads direded to be repaired by the laud ad.

CAP. XLV.

ad for repairing, widening, and rendering fafe end commodious, several roads leading from the town of Southmolton in the county of Devon.

CAP. XLVI.

An act for repairing and widening the road from a place called The Old Gallows, in the parish of Sunning, in the county of Berks, through Wokingham, New Bracknowl, and Sunning Hill, to Virginia Water, m the panfh of Egham, in the county of Surry*

CAP. XLVII.

An act to amend and explain an ad made in the third year of his pet-fent Majesty’s reign, intituled. An a# for making nautgobU the tvotr Stroudwater, in the county of Gloucefer, from the rimer Severn, at or wear Tramload, to Wallbridge, near the town qf S frond % in thefagee county.

CAP. XLVHI.

An act for repairing the road from Wakefield to Aufterlands, in the weft riding of the county of York.

CAP. XLIX.

An act for the better enlightening and deanfing the open places, ftreets, Jquares, lanes, courts, and .other paflages, within the part of the manor and liberty of Norton Fdgate, other wife Norton Folley, in the county of Middlesex, which is extraparochial: and regulating the nightly watch and beadles therein.

CAP. L.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from Oxdown Gate, in Popham Lane, to the city of Winchefter: and from the laid city, through Huriley, to Chandler's Ford : and from Hurfiey afbrefaid, to the turnpike road at Rom fey: and from the faid turnpike road, through Ringwood, in the county of Southampton, to Longhazn Bridge and Winbome Minfter, in the county of DoeHeL

CAP. LI.

An act to explain, amend, and render more effedual, the powers granted by several ads of parliament for repairing several roads, leading to the aty of Bath § and for amending several other roads near the laid city.

CAP. LII.

An act for amending, widening, and keepipg in repair the road from the Hollow Way on the weft fide of lord Clifford's park gate, where the Exeter turnpike road ends, to a place called Biddaford, in the county of Devon.

CAP. LIII.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from Grantham, in the county of Lincoln, through Bottesford and Bingham, to Nottingham Trent Bridge * and from Chappel Bar, near the weft end of the town of Nottingham, to Saint Mary's Bridge in the town of Derby j and from the guide poft in the panfh of Lenton, to Sawley Ferry.

CAP. LIV.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Dewsbury to Ealand, in the weft riding of the county of York.

1759-1 Anno tricefrmo secundo GkoRGTI II. C. 55,-64.	537

CAP. LV.

: An a& for repairing and widening the roads from the town of Mold to the town of Denbigh, and from thence to Tal-y-Cafn and Conway ; and from the town of Wrexham to the towns of Ruthin, Denbigh, and the town and port of Ruthland, in the counties of Denbigh, Flint, and 5 Carnarvon*

CAP. LVI.

An act for laying a duty of two pennies fcots, or one (ixth part of a penny fieri in g, upon every (cots pint of ale, porter, and beer, which shall be \ brewed for fait, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the town of 5 Kelfo, in the (hire of Roxburgh, tor fmithing a bridge croft the river 1 Tweed, and for Other purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. XVII.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from a place called Little-gate, at the top of Leadenham Hill, in the county of Lincoln, to the Wteft end of Ramby Gate, in Newark upon Trent $ and from the guide 1 poft at the divifion of KeHiam and Muskham Lanes, to Mansfield; and from Southwell to Ox ton; in the county of Nottingham.

CAP. LVIII.

An act for eftablifhing, regulating, and maintaining a nightly watch, and for enlightening the open places ind ftreets, within the town of Guildford in the county df Surrey.

CAP. LIX.

t An act to explain, amend, and render more effedual, an ad patted in the fixth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, intituled, An aB for ereBing a workboufe in the town and borough of Plymouth in the county \ tf Devon; and for fetting the poor on work, and maintaining them there \ and for obliging the mayor and commonalty of Plymouth to contribute towards the county rates of Devon : and for applying, for the relief of the poor in the (aid workhoufe, certain furplus monies which have formerly arifen by the afleffments for railing the land tax in the laid town*

CAP. LX.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the town of Derby to the town of Newcaille under Lyne, in the county of Stafford.

CAP. LXI.

An act for difcharging the inhabitants of the town of Manchester, in the county palatine of Lancaster, from the cuftom of grinding their corn and grain, except malt, at certain water corn mills in the faid town,

called The School Mills; and for making a proper recompence to the feoffees of fuch mills.

CAP. LXII.

1 An act for improving the navigation of the river Clyde to the city of 1 Glafgow ; and for building a bridge crofr the faid river, from the faid city to the village of Gorbells.

CAP. LXIII.

An act to continue and amend two ads, one made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, and the other in the feventeenth year of his prcfent Majesty, for repairing certain roads leading from Chippenham, and for repairing several roads leading from Chippenham Bridge; and to repeal fo much of an ad made in the twenty ninth year of his present Majesty, as relates to the road between the faid bridge and Lower Stanton in the county of Wilts.

CAP. LX3V.

An act for making and completing the navigation of the river Wear, from and including South Biddick, or Biddick Ford, in the county of Durham, to the city of Durham 5 and for repealing fo much of an aft ma? in the twentieth year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled. An a& ft the better prefervation and improvement of the river Wear, and part ami haven of Sunderland, in the county of Durham $ as relates to making th: faid river navigable between the faid two places called South Biddkfc, or Biddick Ford, and New Bridge, in the county of Durham.

CAP. LXV.

An act for continuing, amending, and rendering more efFe&ual, fo muck of an aft made in the twentieth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for the better prefervation and improvement qf the river Wear, and port and haven of Sunderland, in the county of Durham $ as relates to the port and haven of Sunderland, and the nver Wear, betwtez South Biddick, or Biddick Ford, and the {aid port and haven.

CAP. LXVI.

An act for amending and widening the roads leading from Stretford's Bridge in the county of Hereford, to the new inn in the parish of Win-ftanftow in the county of Salop; and alfo the road from Blue Mantle Hall, near Mortimer's Crofs, to Aymftrey in the faid county of Hereford ; and for repealing fo much of an aft made in the twenty fecood year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the road from Mortimer’s Crofs to Aymftrey Bridge.

CAP. LXVII.

An act for repairing the road from the fouth end of the fouth ftreet, in the parish of South Mailing, near the town of Lewes, to Glyndbridge; and from thence through Firle Street under the Hill, to Longbridge in the parish of Alfirifton, in the county of Suftex.

CAP. LXVI1I.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Modbury, through the town of Plympton, to the north end of Lincotta Lane, in the county of Devon.

CAP. LXIX.

An act for repairing, amending, and widening the roads from the fouth weft end of NetherBridge, in the county of weftmorland, by SizerghfelL fide, to Levens Bridge, and from thence through the town or Mill*
' throp, to Dixes; and from the town of Millthrop aforefaid, to Hang* bridge, and from thence to join the Heron Syke turnpike road, at the guide poft near Clawthrop Hall, in the county aforefaid.

CAP. LXX.

An act for repairing and widening the road leading from the eaft fide of Barnfley Common, in the county of York, to the middle of Grange Moor, and from thence to White Crofs { and alfo the road from the guide poft, in Barugh, to a rivulet called Barugh Brook, and from thence for two hundred yards over and beyond the fame rivulet or brook into the townlhip of Cawthorne, in the laid county.

CAP. LXXI.

An act for repairing and widening the high road from Wetherby to Graf* I fington, in the county of York,

The End of the Twenty Second volume.

