THE

Statutes at large,

Anno Quadragesimo Quarto GEORGII III. REGIS:

BEING THE

SECOND SESSION of the SECOND PARLIAMENT

of THE

UNITED KINGDOM

of

GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND.

VoL XLV. Part i.

THE

Statutes at large,

FROM

MAGNA CHARTA,

TO THE END OF THE

Eleventh Parliament of Great Britain,

Anno i;6lt

CONTINUED.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray's Inn, Esq.

Reader of the Law Lecture to that honourable Society.

YOL. XLV,

CAMBRIDGE;

FEINTED BY R- WATTS, AT THE UNIVERSITY PRESS,

(By Aaifnmect from the Executor of Mr. Charles Batburat,)

fOI J. JOHNSON, STf FAULTS CHURCH-YARD, G. AND J« ROBINSON, PATERNOSTBR-ROW, AND D* OGILVY AND SON, AT NO. 315, HOLBORN, LONDON.

1805.

Cum Privilegio.

A

TABLE

OF ALL

THE STATUTES

PASSED

In the FORTY-FOURTH YEAR of the Reign of, his Majesty

KING GEORGE III

BEING

The Second Seffion of the Second Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS,

Cap. 1. AN act to continue, until fix months after the rati&* JlV. cation of a definitive treaty of peace, the reftric-tions contained in several afb made in the thirty-feventh, thirty-eighth, forty-fecond, and forty-third years of the reign of his present Majesty, on payments of ca(h by the bank of England.

Cap. 2. An act for granting to his Majesty the sum of eight thousand pounds, for the present relief of certain curates in England.

Cap. 3. An a& to regulate the bonds tfiued by the Eajl India company, with respect to the rate of intereft, and the duty payable thereon.

Cap. 4. An act to continue several laws relating to the fu-(pending the operation of two a£fc of the fifteenth and feven-teenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for restraining the negociation of promissory notes and bills of exchange under a limited sum in England} and to the prohibiting the exportation from and permitting the importation to GreauBritain of corn ; and for allowing the importation of other articles of provision without payment of duty, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five; and to the regulating the

A TABLE of the STATUTES

trade and commerce to and from the ifle of Malta, until fij* months after the ratification of a definitive treaty of pekce.

Cap. 5. An act to continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five, an ad, passed in the lad session of parliament, for. difeontinuing certain drawbacks end bounties on the exportation of sugar from Great Britain^ * and for allowing ojher drawbacks and bounties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 6. An a$ for fufpending, until the first day of Auguft one thousand eight hundred and four, the operation of an a<£r* made in the iaft session of parliament, to continue and amenct two acts, made in the parliament of Ireland,, for restraining the negotiation of pt omiffory notes and inland bills of exchange, undef a limited Turn, within Ireland.  4

Cap. 7. An'ad to indemnify such persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualifythemfelves for offices and employments ; and for extending the times limited for those purposes refpe&ively, until the twenty-fifth day of December one cbou^ (and eight hundred and four; and to permit such persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and folicitors, to make and file the fame on or before the first day of Michaelmas term one thousand eight hundred and four*

Cap. 8. An ad to. continue, until (lx weeks after the com-'mcncementof the next session of parliament, an ad made in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act to empower the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, to oppre-bend and detain such persons as be or they Jbflllfufpeft for conspiring against his Majejlys person and government, until fix weeks after the commencement of the next session ofparliament.

Cap. 9. An act to continue, until fix weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament, an ad polled in the Iaft session of parliament, intituled. An all for the fupprejfm of rebellion in Ireland* and for the protection of the persons and property of his Maytfbfs faithful fubjetts there, to continue In force untilfix 'weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament.

Cap. 10. An act to continue, until the twenty-fifth dav df March one thousand eight hundred and five, several ads of die forty-firft, forty-feeond, and forty-third years of bis present Ma-jefty's reign, for regulating the drawbacks and bounties on the 'exportation of fogar from Inland.

Capu ii- An act for enabling the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland* to prohibit, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five, the diftillatton of spirits from oats or oatmeal in Ireland; and for indemnifying such persons as have acted in advising or carrying into execution a proclamation of the'lord lieutenant and council of Ireland for prohibiting such diftillation.

Cap-12* An act to continue, until the twenty-fifth day of Martb one thousand eight hundred and five, Co much of an ad, made in the forty-firft year of his present Majesty's reign, as relates to the prohibiting the exportation from Ireland of corn of

potatoes.

(PMick General) 44 GEO. III.

potatoes, or other provtfiom; and to the permitting the imports* tion into Inland of com, fiih, and provifions, without payment of duty*

Cap 13. An act to prevent the dotation and escape of petty officers. Teamen, and others,from his Majesty's fervice, by means or under colour of any civil or criminal proceft.

Cap. 14. An act to amend two ads, pa (Ted in the forty-firft sad forty-third years of the rejgn of his present Majesty, for permuting Portugal wine to be landed and warehoused in the United Kingdom 5 and to allow Spanijb wine to be fo landed and ware* houfcd.

Cap. 15. An act for raising the sum of five millions by loans or exchequer bills, on the credit of fitch aids or fopplies as have been or shall be granted by parliament for the service of Great Britain^ for the year one thousand eight hundred and four.

Cap. 16. An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and four.

Cap. 17.. An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty d duty On petitions, offices, and personal eftates, in England; and certain duties on fugar, malt, tobacco, and (huff, in Great Bri+ tain, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and four.

Cap. iS. An act to explain and amend two alts, passed in thd forty-fecond and forty-third years of the r*jn of his present Majesty, relating to volunteers and yeomanry corps in Great Britain.

Cap. 19. An act for punUhing mutiny and defertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap* 20. An act for the regulation of his Majesty's royal marine forces while on (bore.

Cap. 21. An act to continue, until three months after any re-ftridfon imposed by any ad of the present session of parliament on the bank of England from iftuing cash in payments shall ceafe, an ad, made in the parliament of Ireland in the thirty-fcventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for confirming and continuing the restrictions on payments in ca(h by the bank of Ireland, and aifo an ad made in the forty-third yeas of tht reign of his present Majesty for amending the said ad.

Cap. 22. An act to indemnify all persons who have been concerned in issuing or carrying into execution an order of the fords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for permitting the exportation of feed corn to Portugal from Great Britain. -

Cap. 23. An act for allowing vessels employed in the Green-land whale fifliery, and clearing out from any port in Great Bri-tansy to complete their full number of men at certain ports for' die present feafon.

Cap. 24. An ad/pr further continuing, until the twenty-fifth* day of MdttrtB one thousand eight hundred and fix, an ad made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present M ijefty, for rendering the payment of creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland.

Cap. 25. An alt to enable his Majesty to grant the inheritance, in fee Ample, of certain manors, meffuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the parishes of ByfleeU Weybridge,, Walton, Walton Leigh, and Chertfey, in the county of Sitrry, to his royal higbnefs Frederick duke of York and Albany, for a valuable confideration.

Cap. 26. An all for charging, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five, certain rates and duties, and for allowing certain bounties and drawbacks upon goods, wares, and merchandize, imported into and exported from Ireland\ and also for charging certain inland duties of excise and taxes in Ireland in lieu of former rates, duties, and taxes, bounties and drawbacks.

Cap. 27. An alt for charging, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five, certain increased countervailing duties on the importation into Ireland, of the fe-veral goods, wares, and merchandize therein mentioned, being the growth, produce, or roanufallurc of Great Britain; and for allowing increased drawbacks on the exportation to Great Britain of the federal articles therein mentioned, being the mami-failure of Ireland.

Cap. 28. An all for granting to his Majesty a duty upon malt made in Ireland^ for the year one thousand eight hundred and four.

Cap. 29. An all for permitting, until the fifth day of May one thousand eight hundred and five, the importation of hides, calve Ikins, horns, tallow, and wool (except cotton wool), in foreign (hips, on payment of the like duties as if imported in British or Irijh (hips.

Cap.'30. An alt to revive and continue, until eight months after the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, an alt, made in the forty-fecond year of his present Majesty, for repealing fc-veral alls relating to the admission of certain articles of merchandize in neutral (hips, and to the issuing orders in council for that purpose, and for making other provisions in lieu thereof 3 and also to indemnify all persons who have been concerned in issuing or carrying into execution orders of council for permitting the importation of certain goods from America in neutral (hips*

Cap. 31. An all for'raifing the further futn of two millions by loans or exchequer bills, on the credit of such aids or supplies as have been or shall be granted by parliament for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and four.

Cap. 32. An all for empowering his Majesty, for a time and to an extent therein limited, to accept the services of such parts of his militia forces in Ireland as may voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Great Britain.

Cap. 33. An all for empowering his Majesty to direH the augmentation of his militia forces in Ireland^ to an extent therein limited.

(Pubfick General) 44 GEO. III.

Cap. 34. An act to amend an ad, palled in the last session of parliament, for making provision for the wives and families of militia men of Ireland.

Cap. 35. An act to amend and continue several laws relating to the allowing the importation of rape-feed and other feeds used for extrading oil, whenever the prices of middling Brittjh rape-feed shall be above a certain limit; to the allowing the importation of feal (kins cared with foreign fait free of duty to the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and nine, and to foe encouragement of the Greenland whale fifheries, td the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred and fot; and to continue several laws relating to the allowing the use of felt, duty free, in the preserving of nfh in balk or in barrels; and to the difeontinuing the bounty payable on white herrings exported, to the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and nine ; to the permitting fir fVilliam Bijhop, George Bijkzpi and Argles Bijhop, to carry on the manufacture of Matd-fime geneva, to the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and nine; and to the admifiion to entry of oil and blubber of Newfoundland\ taken by his Majesty's lubjefts carrying on the fishery from and refidmg in the said ifland, 15 the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred and five.

Cap. 36. An act to amend and continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and feven, fo much of an aft, made in the forty-nrft year of his present Ma-jefty, as relates to allowing Britijh plantation sugar to be ware-houfed. *

Cap. 37. An act to repeal fo much of an aft, palled in the last session of parliament, for granting to his Majesty a contribution on profits arising from property, profeffions, trades, and offices, as requires attomies, agents, and faftors, to retain and pay the duties chargeable upon publick annuities; and to extend the times for hearing appeals on assessments or furcharges made in pursuance of the laid aft.

Cap. 38. An act for increasing the rates of subsistence to be paid to innkeepers and others on quartering foldiers.

Cap. 39. An act for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in Great Britain for the year one thouland eight hundred and four.

Cap. 40. An act to revive and further continue, until the tventy-fifth day of March one thouland eight hundred and five, aid amend fo much of an aft, made in the thirty-ninth and for-* tieth years of his present Majesty, as grants certain allowances to adjutants and feijeant majors of the militia of Englandy dif-embodied under an aft of the fame session of parliament.

Cap. 41 ~ An act for defraying, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hunched and five, the charge of the piyand cloathing of die militia of Ireland; for holding courts-martial on feijeant-majors, feijeants, corporals, and drummers, lor offences committed during the time such militia {hall not be embodied; and for making allowances in certain cafes to fubalterr* officers of die (aid militia during peace.

A TABLE of the STATUTES

Cap. 42. An act to amend an aft, made in the fortyJeooi2«i year of his present Majesty, to amend die laws for the better regulation of the linen manufacture in Ireland.

Cap* 43. An act to enforce the-due abfervance of the canona *nd ruorick respecting the ages of persons to be admitted into the sacred orders or deacon and prieft.

Cap. 44. An act to exempt vessels in the Newfoundland traadc from the provisions of an aft* passed in the last session of parliaments for regulating vessels carrying passengers from the United Kingdom.  .

Cap. 45. An act for ratting the sum of eight millions by Iosum or exchequer bills, for the lervice of Great Britain far the year one thousand eight hundred and four.

Cap. 46. An act for ratting the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of Great Britain for the year one thousand eight hundred an4 four.

Cap. 47. An act for railing the sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds by way of annuides.

Cap. 48. An act for raiung a certain sum of money by way of annuides or debentures, for the service of Ireland.

Cap. 49. An act for granting to his Majesty, until twelve mouths after the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, additional duties of exette on wine imported into Great Britain.

Cap. 50. An act to revive and continue, until the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, an aft, made in the last session of par* Jiament, for providing for the more speedy completion of the efta-bliiliment of officers in the militia of Great Britain; and for fa-, cilitating the filling up vacancies therein.

Cap. 51. .An act for making allowances in certain cafes to fub-altern officers of the militia in Great Britain^ while difembodied.

Cap. 52. An.a£t to alter and amend fo much of an aft, passed in the thirty-fourth year of his present Majesty, as relates to the amount of the sums to be paid by persons compounding for tb* performance of statute duty.

Cap. 53. An act for granting to his Majesty, during the pre* sent war, and for fix months after the expiration thereof by the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, additional duties on the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, into Great Britainand on goods, wares, and merchandize, brought or carried coaftwife, within Great Britain.

Cap. 54. An act to confblidate and amend the provisions of the several afts relating to corps of yeomanry and volunteers in Great Britain; and to make further regulations relating thereto.

Cap. 55. An act for more effectually preventing the sale of ex# cifeable liquors in Scotland by persons not duly licenfed; and for altering the times of granting licences to fell such excifeable liquors by retail.

Cap. 56. An act for eftabljfhing and maintaining a permanent additional force for the defence of the realm, and to provide for

'  aug-

- {Publick General) 44 GEO. TIL'

augmenting his Majesty's regular forces: and for die gradefef n* da6kk» of the militia of England.

Cap. 57. An act to exempt from duties on export all linens of die manufadure of the United Kingdom.

Cap. 58. An act for directing certain publick accounts of /rw land to be laid annually before parliament.

Cap. 59. An act to indemnify i'olicitors, attornies, and others^ who have neglected to enter certificates Within the time limited by an ad made in the thirty-feventh year of his present Majesty; and to amend fo much of the said ad as relates to the entering such certificates.

Cap. 60. An act for the preventing of bribery and corruption in the dedion of members to serve in parliament for the borough of Aylejbvry in the county of Buckingham*

Cap. 61. An act to amend two ads, made in the eighteenth and thirty-ninth years of his present Majesty, for the ercdrng a court-bode for the bolding of feffiom of the peace in the city of Weft-tninjler; and for purchasing certain buildings and ground between Saint Margaret Street, Union Street, and Ring Street, in the said city, for the use of the publick.

Cap. 62. An act for making further provision for making and maintaining an inland navigation, commonly called 7X* Caledonian Canal, from the Eaftem to the Weftem Sea by bevtrnefs and Fort William, in Scotland«

Cap. 63. An act for vesting die capital mefluage, with the appurtenances, (ituate in Kevin Street, in the city of Dublin, called The Palace of the Archbijhop of Dublin at Saint Sepulchre's, in hfe Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors; and for applying the purchase money, together with another sum therein mentioned* in manner and for the purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 64. An act to continue* until the first day of July one thoubnd eight hundred and five, the operation of an ad, passed in the left lemon of parliament, To suspend proceedings m adione, profecutions, and proceedings, under certain ads relating to the woollen manufadure, and also under an ad of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, fo far as the fame relates to certain persons employed or concerned in the said manufadure.

Cap. 65. An act to continue, until the first day of July one thoufifend eight hundred and five, an ad passed in the last session of parliament, for continuing two ads, the one pafTed in the forty-fecond year of his present Majesty, for regulating the prices at which gram, meal, and flour, may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain; and the other, made in die last session of parliament, for permitting the exportation of feed com from Great Britain to Ireland, and the importation of malt into Great Britain from Ireland.

Cap. 66. An act for establishing and maintaining a permanent additional force for the defence of the realm, and to provide for augmenting his Majesty *s regular forces, and for the gtadual re-dudion of he militia of Scotland.

Cap. 67. An act for granting to his Majesty, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five, certain

A TABLE of the STATUTES

duties on the importation of the goods, wares, and merchandize* herein mentioned, into Ireland, and also certain duties of excise or fpirits, malt, and tobacco, in Ireland; and for theincreafe of certain publick revenues in Ireland, by making the fame payable in British currency.

Cap. 68. An act for granting to his Majesty certain {lamp duties in Ireland.

Cap. 69, An act to amend the laws for regulating the linen ma.-nufafture of Ireland.

Cap. 70. An act to enable his Majesty to authorise the exportation of the machinery necefiary for erecting a mint in tHe dominions of the King of Denmark.

Cap, 71. An act to prevent the counterfeiting of silver coin issued by the governor and company of the bank of England, called Dollars, and silver coin which may be issued by the governor and ^company of the bank of Ireland, called Tokens; and to .prevent the bringing into the United Kingdom, or uttering, any counterfeit dollars or tokens.

Cap. 72. An act for allowing the sale of certain Eajl India prize goods in the port of Liverpool.

Cap. 73. * An act to enable the lords commifitoners of his Ma-jefty's treasury of Great Britain to issue exchequer bills on the credit of such aids or fppplies as have been or {hall be grauted by parliament for the service of Great Britain for the year one thou-fand eight hundred and four.

Cap. 74. An act for eftabliftiing and maintaining a permanent additional force to be raised in Ireland, for the defence of the realm, and to provide for augmenting his Majesty's regular forces.

Cap. 75. An act for enabling subjects of foreign fetes to enlist as soldiers in his Majesty's fervice, and for enabling his Majesty to grant coramiffions to subjects of foreign dates to serve as officers or as engineers, under certain reftriftions; and to indemnify all per-fons who may have advised his Majesty to enlist any such foldiers, or grant any such cotnmiflions as aforesaid.

Cap. 76. An act for settling and securing a certain annuity on the vifeountefs Kilwarden, and on the family of the late Arthur lord vifeount Kilwarden.

Cap. 77. An act to rendej* valid certain marriages folcmnifed in Certain churches and publick chapels in which banns had not ufu-ally been ppbliftied before or at die time of paifing an aft, made in the twenre-fixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled; An act for the better preventing of clandejline marriages.

Cap. 78. An $ia for making compensation to the proprietors of certain lands apd hereditaments, situate at fVeedon Beck in the county of Northampton, purchased in pursuance of an aft, made in the forty-third year of his present Majesty, for erecting buildings thereop for the service of his Majesty's ordnance.

Cap. 79. An act to vest certain roefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments in truftees, for better securing his Majesty''s

docks,

{Publuk General) 44 GEO. III.

Jocks, Slips, and ftores, ar Chatham, and for the use of his Majesty *s ordnance at Worley Common and ffbolwich.

Cap. 8o. An act for the better fop port of his Majesty's household, and of the honour and dignity of the crown of the United. Kingdom 5 and for preventing accumulation of arrears in the payments out of the civil lift revenues.

Cap. 81. An act for enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of two millions five hundred thousand pounds for the use and purposes therein mentioned*

Cap. 8a. An act to obviate certain inconveniences which have been experienced in the accountant-general's office in the court of chancery, in the execution of an act made in the lait session of parliament, for granting a contribution on the profits anting from property, profeflions, trades, and offices.

Cap. 83. An act for regulating the appointment of commif-tioners to aft in the execution of an aft of the last session of parliament, for granting to his Majesty a contribution on the profits artfing from property, profeffions, trades, and offices.

Cap. 84. An act to permit certain persons in the office of ordnance, and the quarter-mafter general, to fend and receive letters free from the duty of postage $ and to enable the board of ordnance, the adjutant-general, the quarter-mafter general, and the barrack-mafter general, to authorise persons in their offices to fend letters free from the said duty.

Cap. 85. An act for further continuing, for seven years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, an act made in the twelfth year of his present Majesty, for encouraging the manufacture of leather, by lowering the duty payable upon the importation of oak bark, when the price of such bark shall exceed a certain rate.

Op* 86. An act for reviving, amending, and further con-tinuing several laws relating to the more efteftual encouragement of the British fifheries, until the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and fix ; and to the encouragement of the trade and manufactures of the IJle of Man, to the improving the revenue thereof, and the more effectual prevention of fmug-gling to and from the said island until the fifth day of July one tiioufand eight hundred and five.

Cap. 87. An act to amend an aft passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for settling disputes that may arise between masters and workmen engaged in the cotton manufacture in that part of Great Britain called England.

Cap. 88. An act for explaining and amending several afts relating to hackney coaches employed as stage coaches, and for indemnifying the owners of hackney coaches who have omitted to take out licences, pursuant to an act made in the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty.

Cap. 89. An act for confirming the provisions of an aft, made in Ireland in the thirty-fecond year of his present Majesty, fo far as the fame prohibits the import of malt into Ireland;

apd

A TABLE of the STATUTES

abd for repealing the power given to the lord-lieuteAant tnd council of Inland^ by an ad of this present session of parliament'* prohibiting the use of oats and oatmeal, in the diftijlation of* spirits in Inland.

Cap, 90. An act to continue, until seven years after th^ palling thereof and from thence to the end of the next session off parliament, an ad, made in the parliament of Inland in the twenty-feventh year of his present Majesty, intituled. An 08 fair the better execution of the law and preservation of the peace witbie* counties at large.

Cap, 91. An act to permit the ilTue and negociation of cer-* tain promissory notes, under a limited fum, by registered bankers in Ireland 1 and to restrain the issue and negociation of centain other notes.

Cap. 9a. An act to render more easy the apprehending, and bringing to trial, offenders escaping from one part of the United Kingdom to the other, and also from one county to another.

Cap. 93. An act for granting to his Majesty a sum of money, to be railed by lotteries.

Cap. 94. An act to explain an ad of the present session of parliament, for confalidating and amending the provisions of the several ads relating to corps of yeomanry and volunteers in Great Britain, lb far as respects the accounting for monies re* ceived by volunteer officers.

Cap. 95. An act to amend certain of the provisions of an ad, made in the forty*third year of his present Majesty, to enable his Msyefty to provide for the defence and security of the realm, which respect the purchase of lands and hereditaments for the publick fervice.

Cap. 96. An act to alter, amend, and render more effedual, an ad, palled in the present session of parliament, intituled. An act for eftdblijhing and maintaining a Permanent additionalfarce for the defence of the realm) and to provide for augmenting bis Mdjefifs regular forces \ and for the gradual reduction of the militia of England j fb far as the fame relates to the city ot London.

Cap. 97. An act for railing the sum of1 eight hundred thou* sand pounds Irijb currency, by treasury bills, for the service of Ireland, for the year one thouland eight hundred and four.

Cap. 98. An act to repeal the several duties under the com-miffioners for managing the duties upon damped vellum, parch* ment, and paper, in Great Britain, and to grant new and additional duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 99. An act for granting additional annuities to the proprietors of stock created by two ads, psfied in the thirty-feventh and forty-fecond years of his present Majesty.

Cap. 100. An act for warehoufing goods within the limits of certain docks made under an ad, palled in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of his present Majesty, intituled. An a& for making wet docks, bafons, cut*) and other works, for the greater accommodation and security of Jhipping, commerce, and revenue within the port rf London; and to make regulations relating to the said docks.

Cap. 101*

{PvbSck Central) 44 GEO. III.

Cap. 101. An act for permitting, until the first day of Augu/t one thousand eight hundred and (even, the exportation of fait from the pjrtof Naffien m the island of Neiu Providence, the port of £xumay and the port of Crooked IJIand, in the Bahama iflands, in (hips belonging to the inhabitants of the United States of America, and coining in ballaft.

Cap. 10a. An act for the more effectual adminiftratioii of juific* in those parts of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England and Ireland, by the i Ailing of writs of Habeas Corpus ad tejlifieandum, in certain cafes.

Capw 103. An tEt for making further regulations for the better collection and security of bis Majesty'a revenue of cut tom* and cxcifc in Ireland, and for preventing frauds therein.

Cap. 104. An act to permit, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five, the warehoufing of ipirks in Ireland for exportation 5 for charging a duty on the fame when taken out for home consumption j and to regulate the exportation to Great Britain of such spirits as shall not be warehoufed.

Cap. 105. An act to continue, until the twenty-ninth day .of September one thousand eight hundred and five, several ads for the better collection and security of his Majesty's revenue ift Ireland 1 and for preventing frauds therein.

Cap. io6. An act for appointing, until the first day of Augufi one thousand tight hundred and five, commissioners to enquire into the fees, gratuities, perquisites, and emoluments, which are or have been lately received in the several publick offices in Ireland therein mentioned; to examine into any abuses which may exist in the fame; and into the present mode of receiving, coUc&iog, ifiuing, and accounting for publick money in Ire-land.

Cap. 107. An act for making compensation to the proprietors of certain lands and hereditaments, situate at Woolwich and Charlton in the county of Kenty porchafed in pursuance of three favcral ads of parliament, made in the forry-fecond and forty-third years of the reign of his present Majesty, for promoting the service of hisJVlajefty's ordnance.

Cap. 108. An act for the relief of certain insolvent debtors.

Cap. 109. An act to regulate the importation and exportation of corn, and the bounties and duties payable thereon.

Cap. fio. An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the eonfolidated fund of Great Britain; and for applying a certain sum of money therein mentioned for the service of Croat Britain, for the year one thousand eight hun~ ini usd four; and for further appropriating the supplies granted jo fats session o£ parliament.

LOCAL

A TABLE of the STATUTES

LOCAL and PERSONAL ACTS,

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

i.  XT'OR keeping in repair the roads leading from Saint f  Dunjlan's  Crofs to North Lone, near to the city of

Canterbury, and to the fea-fide at  in  the county of

Kent.

2. For railing a further sum of money for carrying into execution an ad, palled in the fortieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making wet docks, bafons, cuts, and other works, for the greater accommodation and security of (hipping, commerce, and revenue, within the port of London.

3.  For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two ads, palled in the fourth and twenty-fourth years of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the road from bramcole Odd

in the county of Nottingham, to the cross pod upon Smalley Common, in the county of Derby; and other roads therein mentioned.

4.  To continue and amend an ad, passed in the twentieth year of the reign.of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from the Trent Bridge,in the county of the town of Nottingham to Cotes Bridge, in the county of Leitefter.

5.  For continuing the term, and enlarging the powers, of two alts, passed in the second and fifth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Mullen*t Pond, in the county of Southampton, to the eighteen mile stone from the city of Salijbury, and several other roads in the laid ads mentioned.

6.  To enable John Boydell efquire, one of the aldermen of the city of Loudon, and Jofiah Boydell, his nephew and partner, to dispose of their collection of paintings, drawings, and engravings, together with their leasehold premises in PaU Mad, called The Shakjpeare Gallery, by way of chance.

7.  For railing a further sum of money for carrying into execution an ad, palled in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An afl for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating the port of London ; and another ad pasted in the fortv-fecond year of the said reign, to alter and amend the first mentioned ad,

8.  For paving the footways and crofspaths, and for cleanling, lighting, watching, and regulating the streets and other publick passages and places, within the borough of St. Alban, in the county of Hertford. ■

9.  For enabling the company of proprietors of the Rochdale Canal more effectually to provide for the discharge of their debts, and to complete the whole of the worlds to be executed

by

[Locals Per final9 to be judicially noticed) 44 GEO. Ill#

bf them, m pursuance of the several ad's passed for making and maintaining the faid^anal.

10.  For continuing the term, and enlarging and altering the powers, of two a£h, made in the second and twenty-fecond years of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Afhborne in the county of Derby, to Leek in the county of Stafford, and from Ryecroft Gate upon Rujhton Common, to Congleton in the county of defter.

11.  To alter and amend two ads, passed in the nineteenth and thirty-fifth years of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads from Wigan to Prefion, in the county palatine of £j«-cejier.

12.  For enlarging the term and powers of two ads, made in the third and twenty-third years of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from the town of Stafford to Sandon in the county of Stafford, and several other roads in the counties of Salop and Stafford\ fo far as the fame relate to the third district of roads therein mentioned.

13.  For continuing the term and altering the powers of two ads, of the twenty-eighth year of King Georre the Second, and the twenty-feventh year or his present Majesty, fo far as relate to the roads from the Hand and Pojl at the top of Burford Lane, in the county of Gleucefter, to Stow on the Wold, and from thence to Paddle Brook; and from the Crofs Hands on Salford HilL, in the county of Oxford, to the Hand and Pojl in the parish of IVith'mgtm, in the county of Gloucester.

14.  For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two ads, passed for repairing the roads from a place called LittUgate, at the top of Leadenham Hill, in the county of Lincoln, to the weft end of Barnby Gate, in Nnuark-upon-Trenty and from the guide poft, at the division of Kelham and Mujkbam lanes, to Mamfield, and from Southwell to Oxton, in the county of Nottingham \ and for repairing the road from the weft fide of Newark Bridge, to the said guide poft.

15.  For draining and improving certain fen lands and low grounds, within the parifties of Rapifey and Bury, in the county of Huntingdon.

16.  For the better amending and repairing of the roads leading from the lower market-houfe in Taviftock, to Old Town Gate, in the borough of Plymouth, and from Manadon Gate to the Old Pound near Plymouth Dock, in the county of Devon.

17.  To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two ads, passed for amending the road from the north gate of the city of IPincbeJler, over Worthy Cowdown, to Newtown River, and also tjie road from Worthy Cowdown aforesaid, to the turnpike road at Andover, in the county of Southampton.

18.  To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two ads, passed for repairing and widening the roads from Whitecburch, in the county of Salop* to the road between Nant-mb, and Newcajlle* under-Lyne, and from Hinjiock to Nantwieh aforesaid.

19.  Fcr

A TABLE of the STATUTES

19,  For paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching the streets* lanes, and other publick passages and places within the'town of Milton next Sittinghome, in the county of Kent; and for remov'— ing and preventing encroachments, ©bftruflions, nuifances, and annoyances therein.

20.  For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of twoadts, of the second and twenty*third years of has present Majesty, for amending the road from Hefket by tew*f Bridge to Cockermoutb, and other roads therein mentioned, in the several counties of Cumberland and Wtftmorland.

. 21. For continuing the term and enlarging the powers of fo much of an ad, made in the twenty-ninth year of his present Majesty, as relates to the road from Montrofe to Brechin in the county of Forfar.

22.  For the better defraying the charges of preferring the peace within the city of Dublin, and the district thereof, and eftablifh-ing a parochial watch therein.

23.  For further 'increafing the capital flock of the governor and company of the bank of Scotland.

24.  For more cfFe&ually repairing and improving the road from Stockport in the county of Chtjler, to Saxon's Lam End, in the county palatine of Lancafter, and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Cbe/ler and Lancajler, and in the county of York.

25.  For the better amending and repairing the road leading from a certain stone which divides the liberties of Ranton and EUenhaU, in the county of Stafford, through Sutton, to the lVbit-church*turnpike road, near Newport, in the county of Salop, and several other roads in the counties of Salop and Stafford.

26.  For amending, widening, improving and keeping in repair,' the road leading from Barton Bridge in the parish of Seeks, into and through the townlhip of Worftey, to a place called Mopes Gate, in the townlhip of Farnworib, all in the county palatine of Lancafter.

• 27. For railing sn additional sum of money for carrying into execution several alts for widening the entrance into the city of London near Tempk Bar, for making a more commodious street at Snow Hilly and for railing, on the credit of the orphan's fund, certain sums of money for those purposes; and also for enlarging the powers of the laid a£h.

28.  To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of two alts, passed in the thirty-third year of his kte Majesty, and in the twenty-fecond year of his present Majesty, for amend-* ing the road from Bawtry to Sheffield^ and from Sheffield to the ftmth fide of IVertley, in the county of York, where it Joins the turnpike1 road leading from Rotherham to Manchester, fo far as the fame relates to the road from Bawtry aforesaid to Tin/ey, and through part of the town of Tinjby to the place where the1 feme joins the road from Rotherham to Sheffield.

29.  For enabling the company of proprietors of the Brecknock and Abergavenny canal to raise a further sum of money for completing

{Local & Pcrfonal, to be judicially noticed) 44 GEO. ITT.

pictiog the (aid canal, and the works thereunto belonging; and fcr altering and enlarging the powers of an adt, made in the thirty-third year of his present Majesty, for making the laid canal.

30. For continuing the term and powers of two adlst of the third and twenty-third years of his present Majesty, fo far as rc-late to the road leading f.om the town of Stafford to Sandon, in the county of Stafford, and from the (aid town of Stafford through and Ecclejhall,, to a place called Inlaws Crofs, near

Wm, in the county of Salop \ and from Bridgford aforesaid, to a certain stone which divides the liberty of Ranton and Ellen-Mi in the road between BriJgford and Newport, being the first difttid of roads in the said ads mentioned.

31.  For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two a&s, made in the second and twenty-third years of bis present Majesty, for repairing the several roads leading from Qeobury Mortimer, The Crofs Houfes, Glavuley, and the turn-pike gate on Abberley Hill, in the counties of Salop and Worce/Ur•

3a. For vetting in new trustees the estates of the right honourable Arthur Saunders'tarl of Arran, and the honourable Arthur Saunders Gore, commonly called Lord Vifount Sudley, in the counties of Wexford, Mnyo, Sligo, and Donegall, which have not been difyofed of by virtue of an a<St of parliament, made in Ireland in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An afl for the more effeliually raising a fuffuient sum of money for iifeborging the debts and incumbrances affecting certain lands in tie emits ^Wexford, Mayo, Sligo, ana Donegall, the ejiates of the right honourable Arthur Saunders, earl of Arran, and the honourable Atthur Saunders Gore, commonly called Lord Vifcouot Sudley, merit of the debts now due by them rcfpe&ivily, and for

:!oGng lands in the township of Leavening, in the panJh of Actions, in the eatt riding of the county of York.

34.  For empowering the justices of the peace for the county of Luckier, at their general quarter sessions of the peace, to make a fair and equal county rate for the said county.

35.  For enabling the company of proprietors of the Woreejtof and Birmingham canal navigation to raise money to difebarge their debts, and to complete the said canal navigation, and for amending the several ads patted for making the laid canal navigation.

36.  To continue and render more effectual two ads, patted in (he thirty-third year of his late Majesty, and the twenty, tecoud year of his present Majesty, for laying a duty of two pen*, me* Scots, or one sixth part of a penny rterling, on every Scots pint of ale or beer brewed for sale or vended within the town and parish of Dalkeith ; for paving, cleaning, and lighting the ftreeqi of the laid town ; and for erecting a new publick market therein.

37.  For altering and enlarging the term and powers of an all, made in the forty-Tecond year of nis present Majesty, for making, maintaining, watching, lighting, and watering several roads tp

com mu-

A TABLE of the STATUTES

communicate with the Weft India docks, in the Ifte of Dogs* _ ii the county of Middlefex\ and alfo, of several ads for repairing the Cannon Street Road* in the said county; and alfo, for malcingj maintaining, watching, lighting, and watering a new brand* t< communicate with the Eqft India docks,

38.  For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of*n ad, pafied for repairing the road from the town oJ Brecon through the town of /fay, to the Builth and Hay turnpike road near Llyfwen, in the county of Brecon; and for more effectually repairing the road leading from the Furnace turnpike gate to the gate leading to Garthbrengy Common, in the said county.

39.  To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of two ads, palled for repairing the roads from the town of Brecon to the parish of Brobury, and to Whitney Pajfage, in the county of Hereford, fo far as relates to such of the roads, comprised in the said ads, as lie in the county of Hereford.

40.  For amending and keeping in repair the road.from the Dudley turnpike road, near the house called The Swan Inn* in the parish of Weft Bromwich, in the county of Stafford, to the house called The Horfe and Jockey* in the parish of Sutton Coldfield* in the county of Warwick•

41.  For veiling in John Henry Maw, efquire, in fee fimple, certain estates comprised in an ad of parliament, of the forty-firft year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An a& far veiling the fettled estates of John Henry Maw, of Warmfworth, in the county ofYork, efquire, in trustees to be fold* andfor laying out the clear monies thence ariftng* under the direction of the court of chancery* in the parchafe of other eftates* to be fettled in lieu thereof* and to the fame ufes\ and for, by the present ad, settling a fee simple estate of him the said John Henry Maw, of greater value, to the uses of the will of Dorothy Shawe, deceafed, in lieu of the said firft-mentioncd eftates.

42.  For inclosing lands in the manor and parish of Haddifece, in the county of Norfolk.

43.  For continuing the term of an ad, pafied in the twenty-third year of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Wetherby to Knarefborough, in the county of York.

44.  To enable the right honourable George Talbot, lord Dynevor* and other psrfons, claiming under the will of the late right honourable Cecil baroness Dynevor, to grant building leases of certain lands in the parish of Merthyr Tydvtl* in the county of Glamorgan, being part of the estates devised by the said will.

45.  For the better regulating and improving the filheries in the arm of the sea between the county of Cumberland, and the counties of Dumfries and Wigton, and the ftewartry of Kirkcudbright, and also the filheries in the several streams and waters which run into, or communicate with, the said arm of the fea.

46.  For enabling the company of proprietors of the Thames and Medway canal to vary the line of the said canal, and to raise a further sum of money for completing the said canal, and the works thereunto belonging, and for altering and enlarging the

powers

(Local & Perfonal\ to be judicially noticed) 43 GEO. Ilf.

powers of an aS, made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth year of the reign of his prefect Majesty, for making the said canal, and a collateral cut thereto.

47.  For the better governing, maintaining, and employing the poor of the parish of Saint Pancras, in the county of Middlefex, for providing a new workhoufc for the use of the said parifh, for appointing collectors of the rates, and for other purposes therein mentioned*

48.  To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the power* of two adls, passed in the seventh and twenty fourth years of his present Majesty, for the amending, repairing, and widening Jeveral roads in the counties of Radnor and Hereford, in the said ads mentioned, and also for amending, widening, repairing, and diverting other roads in the said county of Radnor.

49.  For more effectually amending the road leading from the New Wall, on the Parade, in the township of CaJlletony in the parish of Rochdale, through Middleton % to the Mere Stone, in the town ship of Great Heaton, and to the town of Manchester % all in the county palatine of Lancajler.

50.  For repairing, improving, maintaining, and widening, the road branching out of the great north road by the guide-poft at the south end of 8pittiegate> in the parish of Grantham, in the county of Lincoln, and leading from thence to the turnpike-road at or near Bridge Endy in the fame county.

51.  For altering and amending feverel adte, for making and repairing turnpike roads, in the county of Haddington; for amending other roads branching therefrom; and for rendering more efte&ual the statute labour within the said county. *

52.  For altering, amending, and consolidating several afls, for making and repairing turnpike roads, in the counties of Rttfrew, Lanark, and 4yr\ repairing other roads branching therefrom; and amending an a£t, passed in the thirty-fccond

Cof his present Maiefty, for making effectual the ftatutp ar in the county of Renfrew.

53.  For better paving, cleanfing, lighting, and watching, the streets, lanes, and other public^ paflagesand places, within the parish of Saint Nicholas Deptford, in the county of Kent% and for removing and preventing encroachments, obftru&ions, nuHances, and annoyances therein.

54.  To enable the company of proprietors of the Ellefmtrt canal to mAc a railway from Ruabon Brook to the Ellefmero canal, at or near the aquedudt at Pontcyfylltee, in the parish of IkngoBenj in the county of Denbigh; and alfo, to make several cots of feeders for tetter fopfdying the said canal with water.

55.  For making and maintaining a railway or tramroaJ from fee town of Swcmfea% into the parish of Oyjlfrmoutk% in the county of Glamorgan.

56.  For amending and enlarging jtbe powers of two ads; paScd for.prefcrying the harbour of Swanfea, in the county of Gfamorgan% and -for farther improving the fame.

57.  Tor moee equally and cfte&iurily aflefiing and coRe&tihg Vot.XLV.  c  Ac

A TABLE of the STATUTES the poor rates within the parish of Saint Mary Stratford Bow» in the county of Middlefex.

. 58. For lighting the streets, lanes, and other publick passages and places, within the city of CarliJU, in the county of Cumber-land\ and the suburbs of the said city; for paving the foot-paths of the streets of the said city and luburbs; and for otherwise improving the said city.

59.  For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two adts, passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty, and the nineteenth year pt the reign of his present Majesty, for amending the roads leading from the weft end of Upton Bridge, in the county of IVorceJler, to the parish of Tirley, in the county of GlouteJlcr% and other roads in the (aid acts mentioned; and for amending the road leading from the IVhitc Crofiy in the parish of Hanley Cajlle, in the said county, to the river Severn.

60.  For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two adts, passed in the first and twenty-fecond years of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Appleby to Kirkby Kendal, and from Highgate to Market Broughf all in the county of IVeJlmorland.

. 61. For reviving, continuing, and enlarging the powers of two adts, passed for amending the road leading from Pengatey in the parish of Wejlbury, to Latcbett't Bridge, near the east end of Market Laving ton, and other roads in the said acts defcribed, all in the county of lVilts% fo far as the said acts relate to the roads comprifcd in the second district therein mentioned.

62.  For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an adt, of the twenty-fecond year of his present Majesty, for amending the road leading from the JVtlUrJley turnpike road, near Parton, to Monkland Mill, and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Hereford and Worcester.

63.  For enlarging the term and powers of two adts, of the fifth and twenty-fixth years of his present Majesty* for amending the road from the north end of Old Malton Gatey in the town and borough of New Malton^ to the town of Pickerings in the county of York.

64.  For reviving the term, and continuing, altering, and enlarging the powers of two adts, passed in the thirty-fecond year of his late Majesty, and in the third year of his present Majesty, fo far as the fame relate to repairing and widening the road from the town of Derby to the town of Uttoxetery in the county of Stafford*

65.  For repealing an adt, passed in the forty-third year of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for continuing the terms and consolidating into one aft, federal afls relating to the road from Giafgow to Red burn Bridge, andfor making and repairing the road therein mentioned, and for granting nther powers tor the amendment and repair of the said roads.

66.  To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers pf two adts, of,the twenty-eighth year of King George the Se-

^  ,cond,

[Local W PerfonaL to be judicially noticed) 44 GEO. III.

cood, and Che nineteenth year of his prelent Majesty, for repairing the road from Markit Harborougb, in the county of Lei-tefler* to the city of Coventry.

67.  For amending, widening, altering, and improving, the road leading from the market-place in Cromferd to the. Five-Lane-Ends at the guide pod on Hoptin Moor, and for setting out and making two new roads branching from the said road, one up the valley, by Grange Millf to Newbaven Houfe, and the other from near the said valley to the town of lVtrkfaorth, all in the county of Derby.

48.  To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of fa much of two ads, patted in the eighth ana twenty-ninth years of his present Majesty, as relates to the road from the dry of York to the top of Ofwaldkirk bank, in the county of York.

6a. For more effectually improving the road from Chippenham Bridge^ in the county of Wihs9 to the top of Togg Hill, in the county of Gloucefier9 and several other roads therein mentioned, in the said counties, and in the county of SomerfeU

70. To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of several ads patted for repairing the road from Cambridge to Ely* and from Ely to Littleport9 and from Littleport to Cbecquer Corner in Downbam, in the. feverai counties of Cambridge and Norfolk) and other roads in the said ads mentioned j and for more effectually amending, improving, and keeping in repair certain other roads.

72.  For enabling the executors and trustees of the will of Thomas Qtreton efquire, to carry into execution certain agreements entered into by John Gureton enquire, his fdn, for the file of an estate called Prodoey in the county of Salop% and for the purebafe of an estate called The Hurjl, in the feme county.

72.  For cnclofing lands within the several manors or town-fhips of Normanton and Woodboufe9 otherwise Newland cum Woodhoufe Moor, in the weft riding of the county of York.

73.  For inclosing lands in the parish of Simonburn, in the county of Northumberland.

74.  For inclosing lands in the manner of Long Martin*, in the county of JVeflmorland, and also the common stinted pasture called MartinParh9 within the said manor and county.

75.  For attefiing the proprietors of lands in the county of Invernefs towards the expence of making and supporting iuch roads and bridges therein as shall be approved of by the com-mittioners appointed by an a& of the last session of parliament, for making roads and building bridges in the highlands of Scotland.

76.  For amending and repairing feverai roads leading from the Guildhall and Market-Houfe in Yavifteck to New Bridge, to Grtflon Bridge, to Downton Gate9 to Piccard's Houfey to Cherry Brook and Dunnabridge Pound, and to Morwellbam and New

all in the county of Devon.

77.  For empowering the mayor and commonalty of the city

of

A TABLE 6f the STATUTES

of Canterbury to open and make a new street from the ffigh Strut to Palace Street^ within tbo said city.

78.  To amend an ad, made in the th»rty*firft year of his present Majesty, for building a bridge cross the river Thames from St ints to Egbam> in the counties of    Middlesexand Surrey ~

79.  For more effectually repairing and improving the rom<fs leading from Woodftock to Roll Right Lattes and other roads therein mentioned, all in the county of Oxford.

80.  For enabling the keepers and governors of the pofielfiort$9 revenues, and goods, of the free grammar school of John Ly*n+

..within the town of Harrow on the Hilts in the cbunty of Middltfex, to pay the rents and profits of certain lands bequeathed by the (aid John Lyon, for repairing the road frofn Harrow on the Hill to Londons to the trustees a&tng in execution of the several a&s for keeping the said road in repair.

81.  For making and repairing certain roads in the counties of Banff‘s Elgin, Aberdeen^ and Invernefs \ for building bridges

. over the river Spey, and for regulating the making and repairing the high roads and bridges in the fait! county <6f . Banff.

82.  For altering and enlarging the powers of an made in the forty-third year of his present Maiefty, for establishing a free market in the city of London for tne sale of coals, and for preventing frauds and impositions in the vend and delivery of adl coals brought into the port of London within certain places therein mentioned.

83.  For explaining and amending two &&s, passed in the tenth and eleventh years of King William the Third, and the sixth yeas of Queen Anne^ for making and keeping navigable the river Tin#, from Bridgewater to Taunton^ in the coomy of Somerfet.

84.  For enabling the fherffFs of the city of London to remove the debtors and prisoners in the Poultry Compter to another place of confinement in the said city.

85.  For providing an additional burial ground, and erecting a chapel thereon, for the parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, hi

. the County of Mtddltfex, and also a house for the residence of a clergyman to officiate in burying the dead.

86.  For altering and amending an a&, passed in the sixth year of his present Majesty, for paving the streets and ianes

. within the borough of Southwark, and certain parts adjacent,

- in the county of Surrey, and for cleanfing, lighting, and watching, the fame? and also the courts, yards, alleys, and . passages adjoining thereto, and for preventing annoyances therein, fo far as the fame relates to the weft division thereof, as there&fiiientioned.

87.  For embanking, draining, and improving, certain lands in the*city of Lincoln and county thereof, and in the pariffies

■ or town (hips of Boult ham ^ Skellingthorpe, Saxelbyt Broxbolmet North Carlton% South Carltons Burtcn, and Hathow, in the county ot\ Lincoln i and for inclosing lands in the said parish of . Sktllingtborpe.

88. For

[Local 6? PlerJonalj not printed) 44 GEO. III.

tf. For embKng the officiating minister for the time being of the chapel of Voyla.*, in the county of Denbigh, to publith banns and (olerontze marriages in the (aid chapel.

89. For the relief of certain incumbents of livings in the city of London*

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

i.TTOR indofing lands within* the manor and parish of X1 fnSbecky in the county of Lincoln, and for making com-penferion for the tithes arising within the fame parifh.

2.  For mdofing lands within the township of Little HucUow> in the county of Verby.

3.  For indofing lands within the manor and parish of Letterings in the county of Northampton.

4* For naturalizing Paul Hanjken.

5.  For indofing lands in the parities of Portrane and Donabatts in the county of Dublin.

6.  For tndofing lands in the parish of Beaminjter, in the county of Dorfet.

7.  To enable the reverend George Golding Graves clerk, and his first and other Tons, and the heirs male of their bodies, fo take, ofe, and bear the name and arms of Golding, pursuant to the will of George Golding cfquire, deceased.

8.  For naturalizing Henry Augujlus Biedermann.

9.  For naturalizing Charles William Rohrs.

K>. For naturalizing Daniel Boileau.

ix. For the more effectual and beneficial railing of certain funis of money decreed by the high court of chancery of Ireland to be raised out of the estates of George Montgomery efquiie, a kmatick, in the counties of Cavan and Fermanagh in Ireland^ by (ale of the inheritance of a competent part of the (aid eftates.

12.  For efft&aating an exchange of certain parts of the glebe land belonging to the redtory of Bradjied> in the county of Kents for certain lands, the property of the right honourable Frederick Campbells commonly called Lord Frederick Campbell, within the parish of Bradfled aforesaid.

13.  For dividing and draining lands in the parishes of Sdtrffp otherwise Sawtry AH Saints, and Saltree otherwise Savotry Saint Andrews in the county of Huntingdon.

14.  For indofing lands in the hamlet of Tottington, in the parish of Leomirtflrrs in the county of Suffix.

15.  For indofing landfrin the parish of Goring% in the^county of Sufex.

16.  For indofing lands in the parish of Saint Marys in or near the borough of Leicifler, m the county of LcUeftcr.

17.  For

A TABLE of the STATUTES

17.  for indofing lands in the parifti of Suttony in the county

of Glouccjter.

18.  For indofing lands in the manor of Weft Burton, in the north riding of the county of York.

19* For indofing lands in the parishes of Thttfori Saint Petery in the county of Norfolk, and Tbetford Saint Cuthberty and Thetford Saint Marjy in the counties of Norfolk and Suffolk.

20. For indofing lands in theparifh of Gotham^ in the county of Nottingham.

21* For naturalizing Johannes Hendrik Ohrly.

22.  For enabling oir Henry Paulet St. John Mildmay Baronet, and dame Jane his wife, to lease part of the fettled estates in the county of EfftXy devised by the late dame Anne

. Mildmay^ of Mouljham Hally in the said county.

23.  r or indofing lands within the manors of North Bradlsy and Soutbwicky in the parifti of North BradUy% in the county of Wilts.

24.  For indofing lands in the parifti of Wahomty in the County of Norfolk.

25.  For indofing lands in the parifti of lien, in the county of S ilk.

2  To amend an aft, passed in thirty-ninth year of his prefer Majesty, for indofing and leafing certain common moors and waste grounds, lying within the township of Kirkeatofiy in the weft riding of the county of Yorky and for other purposes in the said act mentioned.

27.  For indofing lands in the manor of Aheeote and Shutting-tony in the parifti of Shut ting tony in the county of Warwick.

28.  For indofing lands in the parifti of SporUy and hamlet of Palgraviy in the county of Norfolk.

29.  For vesting certain estates situate in the county of Norfolky devised by the will of Bridget Soutbiotty widow, deceafed, in truftees, for fale, and for laying out the money arising from the sale thereof in the purchase of estates in the county of Effexy to be fettled t6 the uses devised by the said will of the said Bridget Southcote.

30.  For difeharging John Fydelly late of ChtpfloWy in the county of Monmouthy but now of the city of Briftoly in the county of Some*fitty efquire, from being a trustee of the freehold eft tes of Thomas Burgesy late of Weymouth Street Portland Placey in the county of MiddLfex. efquire, deceafed, and for divesting the fee simple and inheritance of such parts of the fame freehold estates of the said Thomas Burges% as by his will, are devised to the laid John Fydelly as a truftee, out of the said John Fydelly and for investing the fee simple and inheritance of the fame freehold estates in dbraham Touhnan^ efquire, as a trustee in the place and stead of the (aid John Fydell.

31.  For more effectually maintaining, and keeping in repair, the embankments and other works on the south fide of the channel of the river Dety within the manor and parifti of Hawardeny in the county of Flinty and for erefting, and keeping

[Local & Perfonaly not printed) 44 GEO. III.

in repair, other embankments and works to prevent injury tag done, as well to the allotments of land, made, by virtue of an aSt, palled in the eighteenth year of his present Majesty, from a certain common called Saltney Marfa as also to certain lands the property qf Sir Stephen Rifbard Glynne, baronet.

32.  For indofing lands in Kingfdony in the county of $$• merfet.

33.  For indofing lands within, and belonging to, the manors and parish of Kingfuttony in the county of Northampton.

34.  For indofing lands in the parish of Keinten Mandefitldy to the county of Somerjit.

35.  For indofing lands, in the parish of Bridgbam% in the county of Norfolk,

36.  For indofing lands in the townthip or hamlet of Chamey, in the parish of Longworthy in the county of Berks.

37.  For indofing lands in the parish of Crimplefbamy in the county of Norfolk.

38.  For indofing Sbaddingfield common, in the county of Suffolk.

39.  For indofing lands within the parish of Temple Gutting y in the county of Gloucefter;

40.  For indofing lands in the parish of Carlby, in the county of Lbtcoky and also certain parts of an intercommon or heath, heretofore called Aunhy Heathy within, or adjoining to, the fame parilh.

41.  For indofing lands in the parilh, townlhips, or hamlets of Bringhurjly Great Eaflony and Drayton% in the county of Leicejler.

42.  For inclofine lands in the tovvnlhip or hamlet of Alvcrtcriy in the county of Nottingham.

43.  For indofing lands in the parilhes of Topcroft and Den-tMy in the county of Norfolk.

44.  For indofing lands in the parilhes of Binhrooke Saint Gabriel and Binhrooke Saint Mary in the county of Lincoln.

45.  For indofing lands ip the parish of Ruijhpy otherwise Rfelipy in the county of Middlefex.

46^ For indofing lands in the hamlet of Maruay in the ille of Eljy and county of Cambridge.

47.  For indofing lands in the manor and tovvnlhip of Whit-woody in the parish of Featherjloney in the welt riding of the county of York.

48.  For indofing lands in the lordlhips of Great Gonerby and hbntborpe cum Little G oner by % in the county of Lincoln.

49.  For indofing lands in the townlhip of Roujbyy and hamlets of Hither and Far Scalingy in the parish of Hinderwcliy in the county of York.

50.  For indofing lands in the parish of Romfey Extray in the Couoty of Southampton.

51.  For indofing lands in the parish of lf/on9 in the county of Berks.

5a. For naturalizing Michael Verleke.

53.  For

TABLE of the STATUTES, 44 GEO. lit.

"53. For naturalizingChri/lian Henry Kauffmartn.

54.  For naturalizing Samuel Levi Phillips.

55.  For inclosing lands in the parish of Great Totbam, in the County of EJfex•

56.  For inclosing lands in the manor of Netberdale% in the

Weft riding of York.  <• . .

57.  For inclosing lands in the parish of Saint Andrew duck*

land, in the county of Durham.  '  '  ~

58.  For inclosing lands within the towofhip or' tbwnflrips of AmpUforth and Ofwaldkirk, in the county of York.

59.  For inclosing lands in the parish of Arftyy in the County! of Bedford.

60.  For effecting the sale of a freehold meffuage, with the fends thereto belonging, situate at Southampton, whereof Sophia Ricketts, widow of George Poyntz Ricketts, efquire, is tenant for life, and for inverting the purchase monies of the lhares which stand limited to the infant children of the said George Poyntz Ricketts, and Sophia his wife, in remainder, in fee ftmpJe, in some other real eftate, to be fettled in lieu of such (hares, and to the fame ufes.

61 For inclosing lands in the parish of Aftwici^ in the county of Bedford.

62.  For naturalizing James Fagel.

63.  For altering and amending an aft of parliament, passed in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for enabling the lord bishop of London to grant a leafe, with powers of renewal, of lands in the parish of Paddington, in the county of Middlcfex, for thepurfofe of building upon; and for granting further powers, the better to carry into execution the purposes of the said act.

64.  For inclosing lands in the parish of Brington, in the county of Huntingdon.•

65.  For inclosing lands in the parish of Great Staughton, in the county of Huntingdon.

66.  For inclosing lands in the parishes of Hogjlborpe and Mumby cum Chapol% in the county of Lincoln•

67.  For inclosing lands in the parish of tJKp% in the county of Oxford.

68.  To drflblvethe marriage of Robert Ytghe, efquire, with Efther Tigbe, his now wife, and Co enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

*69. For naturalizing Chrifiopher Gerock.

70.  For naturalizing Bernard Uhde.

71.  For naturalizing John Frederick Veithtntr.

'  72. For naturalizing Jofepb Charles Leon &e Boubiede Brouquens^

an infant.

THE

STATUTES at Large, 8cc„

Arm regni GEORGlJ III. Britanniarutib Regis>  quadragefimo

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Weft-minfrer, the Sixteenth  November, Anno

Domini 1802, in the Forty-third Tear of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the  by  the

Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith j and from thence  continued,by several Prorogations, to the

Twenty-Second Day of November 1803 ; being the Stand Sefjionof the Second Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

CAP. t.

Aa ad to continue, until months after the ratification of a definitive, treaty of peace* the ceftri&ions contained in several a&9 made in the ¥IMy»4mttth» thirty-eighth, forty-fecond, and forty-third years of the regn of Jua present Maje&y, on payments of cash by the bank of Eng* land.—[December15, 1803.]

cab. ir.

At ad for granting to bis Majffij the sum of eight for tbt prejent relief of certainturatet in England.—[December 15.1803.]

Mdft gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal iubje&s, the commons of Great Britain and Ireland, having granted to your Maiefty the sum of eight thousand pounds, for the .prefen t relief Vot. XLV,  B  of

of such curates as may bt deprived of their cures on account ol the residence of incumbents, which-may take place in coafequencc of an a& pafied in the lad session of parliament, for promoting the residence of the parochial clergy; do most humbly, beseech you* , Majesty that it may be enabled, and be it enacted by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpirjtual and temporal, and commons, in this present 8,000/ to be parliament aftmbled, and bv the authority of the fame, Tbatj ifiued but of by or out of such monies as (nail be and remain in the receipt of the exchequer of Great Britain, of the Turpi us of the confolidaced t^^veraore ^un<^» after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such sum or of Queen Turns of money as have been directed by any former aft or a&s of Anne's boun- parliament to be paid out of the fame, there /hall and may be ty for the iffued, any sum or sums of money not exceeding eight thousand Mt^rdepHrcd Pounds, to such perfoaor persons as^he governors of the bounty of their cures, of Q^ieen Anne shall appoint to receive the fame, to be&pplied by the laid governors for the relief of such curates as may be deprived of their cures on account of the residence of incumbents, which may take place in consequence of the said act; and the commif-fioners of his Majesty's treasury now or for the time being, or, any three or more of them, or the lord high-treafurer for the time being, are or is hereby authorised and empowered to issue the fame accordingly.

Curates to IL Provided always. That no curate shall be entitled to, or TOcommrada- rccc*vc any allowance under this aft, who /hall not produce to tion from the  governors a proper recommendation from the bishop of

bifhop of the thediocefe wherein the cure for the deprivation of which he claims diocefe. relief, shall be fituated; and that no allowance to be made to any ' such curate shall exceed three-fourth parts of the income which Account of such curate shall have derived from his cure: provided alfo, that the applies- the said governors jhall, and they are hereby required, oti or Ticy tobelaidT before  **7 oi January one thousand eight hundred and

before the five, to lay or cause to be laid before his Majesty's most honour-piivy council, able privy council an account of the application of' the said sum of eight thoufrnd pounds, or any part thereof.

CAP. III.

An a& to regulate the bonds ijfued by the Eaft-India company, with refpefi to the rate of intereft, and the duty payable thereon.—[December, 15, 1803.]

TX7HEREAS it is just and expedient j that the mode in which the duty V V . imposed by virtue of an aitpajjed in the lajlfeffion of parliament, 43 Geo. 3.  intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty, until thfe sixth day of

c. m.  Jaay next after the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, a

contribution on the profits arising from property, profefiions, trades, and offices, in rejpeft of the interest of the bonds issued or to be issued by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, Jbould be assessed and paidy Jbould be regulated as herein-after is mentioned \ and that thefaid united company Jbould be enabled *^  tc pay and allow for money raised on their bends, any interest not ex-

ceeding

1.

iSo3-] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georg iiIII. c. 3.  ^

ceding such rate of interejl as may bt allowed on any exchequer bills ified or to be ijfued at the fame time, by virtue of atiy aft or aftt of parliament: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflfembled, and by the authority of ihe fame, That, from and after the fifth day From April y,‘ of April one thousand eight hundred and four, the duty imposed *804, the duty by the laid a& of parliament, in respect of the interest paid or ^^5 *etm payable for money raised or to be railed on the bonds of the said respect cf united company, (ball be returned, assessed upon, and paid, by the interest pay-fcoUets or owners of such bonds refpe£tively, who shall be liable °P to make such returns thereof in such manner as is directed by (hal^be^aid the sixth cafe in the schedule marked (D.) contained in the said by the holders ad; and that ail the claufes, provifions, directions, exemptions, who are liable forfeitures, and penalties in the said ad contained, in any way |° ma!cc relating to "the duty to be afiefied, as in the sixth cafe mentioned manner di^ in the said schedule (D.) (hall, from and after the said fifth day *e6ted by the of April one thousand eight hundred and four, as far as the fame sixth cafe in are respectively applicable, be of full forCe and effect with relation thc to the duty in re(ped of the interest of the bonds of the said united of recited aft. company, and (ball be applied and put in execution for the aflef-fing, levying, raifing, collecting, and paying the fame; and the No return to (aid united company, and their officers, mall, from and after the J*"}**®

(aid fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and four, be company of **

and are hereby acquitted and discharged from including in the such bonds,

return of their profits under the said aCt, the amount of intereft

payable on the (aid bonds, and from paying the duty thereon, and ,

from retaining and deduChng the said duty out of the said intereft;

any thing in the said ad contained to the contrary thereof in any-

wife notwit hftanding.

II* Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, who may pay That the said united company shall be at liberty, if their court of Jhc h^ldef8 directors shall fee fit, to pay to the holders and owners of the [^e intereft, bonds iifued by therm, the full amount of the interest due and tp without mak-grow due thereon, without making any deduction of the duty ing any de-growing due in respect of such interest at any time previous to duttion ofthc thc said fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and four, butdut^ &c' in that cafe the said united company shall account for and pay the amount of such duty out of their proper funds, and they shall be at liberty to charge the fame amongst their ordinary outgoings^ any thing in the said ad of alts of parliament to the contrary thereof in anyways notwithftanding.

III.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Eaft-India it (ball and iriay'be lawful to and for the said united company, company with the approbation and consent of the board of commiftioners pay^c fame for the affairs of India for the time being, from time to time, to interest as ia pay and allow interest on the money heretofore raised on the allowed on bonds of the (aid company, and which are now outftanding, and *?®hequer aff<? on money to be .raifed on any bonds which the said united bl 8* .

•  h  2'  '  company

company may lawfully ifliie, at and after such rate not exceeding such rate of interest as may be allowed on any exchequer bills ifiued or to be issued at the faine time by virtue of any alt or a&s of parliament, a? the said united company, with such consent as afbrefaid, shall in their diferetion fee fit; and all bonds and instruments for fecurmg the inoney raised thereon,* shall be valid and effeltuaU -and no person or persons taking, accepting, or receiving such intereft, shall be therefore liable to any penalty or forfeiture whatfoever; any law, ftatute, or usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithftanding.

Notreftrained IV. Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be from allowing construed to extend to retrain the laid united company from legal intereft. ajjovvjng at any legal interest on such bonds.

CAP. IV. ,,

An act to continue farerallaws relating to the suspending the operation of two a&t of the fifteenth and seventeenth years of the reign of his pre* sent Majesty, for reitraining the negociation of protaifloiy notes and bill# of exchange under a limited sum in England $ ancf to the prohibiting the exportation from and permitting the importation to Great Britain of com; and for allowing the importation of other articles of provision without payment of duty, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thou-fand tight hundred and five; and to the regulating the trade and commerce to and from the iue of Malta, until fix months after the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace.—[ December 15, 1803.] .

Ad 37 Geo. 3. c. 31. farther. continued to Match *5,1805. Ad 39 Geo. 3. c. 87. further continued to March 15, 1805. Ad 41 Geo. 3. c. 103. further Continued Until fix months after the ratification of a definitive treaty.

CAP. V.

An oH to continue until the twenty •fifth day of March one thoufanfi eight hundred and five, an aft* pajfed in the lafl session of par-liamenty for difeontinuing certain drawbacks and bounties on the exportation of sugar from CJreajt Britain, and for allowing other drawbacks and bounties in lieu thereof—[December 15, 1803.]

43 Geo. 3. c.z 1

The drawbacks and bounties in the schedule of the recited fetitftiallbe 1 Mhri*-

W HERE AS an an passed in the lafi session of parliament, /Vr-tituled% An alt for difeontinuing certain drawbacks and bounties on the exportation of sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing Other drawbacks and bounties in lieu thereof, until the fifteenth day of January> one thousand eight hundred and four: arid whereas it is expedient that the drawbacks and bounties allowed by the said recited an Jhould be continued: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the aii« thority of the fame, That the several drawbacks and bounties in the schedule to the said recited alt annexed shall be paid and allowed in like manner in every refpeli and fubjelt to and under and according to the like rules, regulations, reftrlHions, penalties, and forfeitures, (except whtre any alteration is' made by

1  this

1803.] Anno regni quadragelimo quarto Georgii III. c.  $

ffris aft), as any drawbacks or bounties were paid or allowed tofore,(except before the paiEng of the said recited aft or this act.

II.  And be it further enacted, That if, on the fifth day of **terw,£ January* or on the fifth day of May* or on the fifth day of Sep- men-** timber* one thousand eight hundred and foi/r, or on the fifth day tinned, it

of January one thousand eight hundred^and five refpeftively, or ap^r by any or either of the said days, it appear, by noticeji) the,?01”*,n*** , London Gazette* in manner direAed by an a A, made in tfie^ttettatthe thirty-fecond year of the reign of his present Maiefty, intituled, avenge prices An aft far regulating the allowance of tie drawback and payment of of brown or the bounty on the exportation of frgar* and fow permitting the im-portation rffugar and coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda iftanis ^acceded in foreign pups* that the average prices ■of brown or Mupovada for th© pre-fugar, taken in manner directed by the said laft. recited aft, for ceding quarter the preceding quarter of the year, shall not have, exceeded *°f:£5r CT?* seventy shillings for an hundred weighty exclusive of the duties ^ the°^ of customs paid or payable thereon, on the importation into drawback or Great* Britain* then‘and in every such cafe the drawback or bounty in the bounty in the schedule to the recited aft of the laljl session Qf fchcduleof parliament annexed mentioned as corresponding to or with the iToeo. 3. price of which such notice in the London Gazette shall have been c. iifeorve- * given as aforesaid, shall be paid or allowed; until notice of any (ponding with other average shall be given in the London Gazette on the *"e Saturday immediately preceding any other of such fubfcquoot ** P**1* &c* * days; and such drawback of bounty fhaH be paid or allowed in like manner in every respect and subject and under and according to the like rules and regulations, reftriAioris, penalties,. and forfeitures, as any drawbacks and bounties were paid or allowed before the palling of the said recited aft of the last session of parliament, (except as any such rules or regulations are altered by the (aid aft); and the whole of the duty granted by an aft, *ftd the duty pa fled in the forty-firft year of the reign of his present Majeftj,  by

intituled. An act for granting (p bis Majesty certain duties of customs  fo-

ot timber* fugar* raifins* and pepper imported into* ana on lead tar Imported exported from Great Britain, upon fugaf imported \x\io fGreai*>i the Eaft-* Britain by the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eoft Indies* and wareh9ufed according to law, and fold at £j^wed on the Tales of the said company after the thirtieth day of June one delivery thousand eight hundred and one, fhall, upon the delivery thereof thereof out of out of the warehouse for exportation during the time of any drawbacks or bounties b^itfg paid (ft allowed under this aft in *****  *

ipfpeft of Britijh plantation fugar, be wholly drawn back unde( such rules, regulations, reftriftions, penalties, and forfeitures as any former drawbacks are paid and allowed» any thing in the said act passed in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty contained to the contrary notwithftapding.

III.  And be it further enacted. That the said recited aft of Continuance, tjic last session of parliament* and all the powers, proyifions, of recited aft authorities, regulations, ejaufes, matters, and things in the (aid^J0*0"

contained, shall be, and the fame are hereby continued, and fluU be and remain ur full force until the fifteenth day of March

company may lawfully iflxie, at am) after such rate not exceeding such rate of interest as may be allowed on any exchequer bills i&ued or to be ifilied at the fatne time by virtue of any a& or a££s of parliament, a? the said united company, with such consent as afore laid, shall in their diferetion fee fit; and all bonds and in-ftruments for securing the money raised thereon,* shall be valid and effe£tualj -and no person or persons taking, accepting, or • receiving such intereft, shall be therefore liable to any penalty or forfeiture whatfoever; any law,ftatute, or usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithftanding.

Not retrained IV. Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be from allowing construed to extend to restrain the laid united company from kgal intereft, auovvjng a* any time legal interest on such bonds.

CAP. IV. .

An a£t to continue .fcveral laws relating to the suspending the operation of two a£h of the fifteenth and seventeenth years of the reign of hit pre~ sent Majcfty, for rtilraining the negociation of protaiflory notes and bill* of exchange under a limited sum in England j and to the prohibiting the exportation from and permitting the importation to Great Britain of corn; and for allowing the importation of other articles of provision without payment of duty, uatjl the twenty-fifth day of March one thou-fand eight hundred and five$ and to the regulating the trade and commerce to and from the ille of Malta, until fix months after the ratifica-tion of a definitive treaty of peace.—[December 15, 1803.] ,

1  Ad  37 Geo. 3. c. 3*. farther continued to Match 15,1805. Ad 39

Geo. j. c. 87. further continued to March 15, 1805. Ad 41 Geo. 3. c. 103. further Continued until fix months after the ratification of a definitive treaty.

CAP. V.

An at1 to continui until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufanjl eight hundred and five, an afty pajfed in the laji fejfion of par-liamenty for difeontinuing certain drawbacks and bounties on the exportation of sugar from CJrea; Britain, and for allowing other drawbacks and bounties in lieu thereof—[December 15, 1803*3

WHEREAS an aft faffed in the laji frjjion of parliament, /7r-tituledy An act for difeontinuing certain drawbacks and bounties on the exportation of sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other drawbacks and bounties in lieu thereof, until the fifteenth day of January one thousand eight hundred and four: and whereas it is expedient that the drawbacks and bounties allowed by the said recited aft Jhould be continued: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the ati« The draw. thority of the fame, That the several drawbacks and bounties in bounties^!  ^c^cc*u^e  t0 the fa'd recited afl annexed shall be paid and

the fchcdule allowed m like manner in every respect and subject to and under of the recited and according to the like rules, regulations, reftri&ions, pe-

*a shall be nalties, and forfeitures, (except whtre any alteration is made by-paid aa here-  *  this

tSoj.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c.  $

this aft), as any drawbacks or bounties were paid or allowed folbre, (exert* Wore the passing of the fa id recited aft or this act.  where hereby

II.  And be it further cnafted, That if, on the fifth day of *IUrcd''

Jmtarjy or on the fifth day of Maj> or on the fifth day of Sep-  *

Umbtr, one ihoufand eight hundred and foi/r, 'or on the fifth day tioned, it shall of January one thousand eight hundred* and five refpeftively, or appear by

any or either of the said days, it (h^ll appear, .by QOticeJi) the,?0**^ in the hnfai Gazette, in manner directed by sin aft, made in the*thaethe tfairry.fecond year of the reign of his present Maiefty, intituled, average prices An eQfer regulating the allowance of tie drawback and payment of of brown or tbt burnt} on the exportation of frgary and fow permitting the im~ psrutim offugar and coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda ijlands {J^^eried hfsrdgn Jnipf, that the-average prices of brown or Mufwaio for the pre-fsgar, taken in manner directed by the (aid lad-recited aft, for ceding quarter the preceding quarter of the year, shall not have, exceeded kreoty shillings for an bundled weight* exclusive of the duties t^°* of customs paid or payable thereon, on the importation into drawback or Great Britain* then and in every such cafe the drawback orbouDty in the bounty in the schedule to the recited ad of the laljl session of Jj-tedul* of parliament annexed mentioned as corresponding to or with the aa^Gco. t. price of which such notice in the London Gazette shall have been e. iif com- * given as aforesaid, shall be paid or allowed, until notice of any flooding with other average shall be given in tire London Gazette on Saturday immediately preceding any other of (uch fubfcqueQt “ days; and such drawback of bounty shall be paid or allowed in like manner in every respect and subject and under and according to the like rules and regulations, rcftrtdboris, penalties,, and forfeitures, as any drawbacks and bounties were paid or allowed before the palling of the said recited aft of the Uft session of parliament, (except as any such rules or regulations are altered by the hid aft:); and the whole of the duty granted by an aft, and the duty palled in the forry-Srft year of the reign of his present May eft J, intituled, An act for granting to bis Mojfft certain duties of customs m timbify fugary raifmsy and pepper imported into, and on lead gar imported exported from Great Britain, upon fugaf imported into jQreaivy the Eaft-Britain by the linited company of merchants of England trading to the Eoji IndieSy and warehtpufed according to law, and Md at  w  C

the (ales of the said company after the thirtieth day of June one delivery thousand eight hundred and one, (hall, upon the delivery thereof thereof out of out of the warehouse for exportation during the time of any waleh^/OT drawbacks or bounties bqufg paid dr allowed under this aft in cx,JOr * respect of British plantation fugar, be wholly drawn back unde( such rules, regulations, reftriftions, penalties, and forfeitures as any former drawbacks are paid and allowed; any thing in the said act paffid in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty contained to the contrary notwithftapding.

III.  And be it further enacted. That the said recked aft of Contimwnee. \bt last session of parliament, and all the powers, provifiona,of recg^*^ authorities, regulations, ejaufes, matters, and things in the (aid

itit contained, shall he, and the fame are hereby continued, and

gull be and remain ixrfull force until the fifteenth day of Mar it ~  pnq

G, Annoregniquadragefimo quarto Gsorgu III.c. 6—io* [1803.

one thousand eight hundred and five for the port of London, and until the twenty-fifth dsfy of March one thousand eight hundred and five for other parts of Groat Britain; and that this ait may be altered, varied, or repealed by any alt or alls to be palled in. this present session of parliament.

CAP. VI.

An act for fufpending, until the fir ft day of Auguft one thousand eight hundred and four, the operation of an alt, made in the last fcflion of parliament, to continue and amend two alts, made in the parliament of Ireland, for restraining the negociation of promissory notes and inland bills of exchange, under a limited lum, within Ireland.—[December 15, 1803.]

Alt 43 Geo. 3. c. 87. recited. Recited a St fo far as refpelts notes of less value than $L y. issued in Ireland after Jan. x, 1804, Ac. suspended until Aug. x, 1 $04*

CAP. VII.

An alt to indemnify such persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and for extending ,  the  times limited for those purposes refpclhvely, until the twenty-fifth

day of December one thousand eight hundred and four; and to permit such persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attorneys and foli-citors, to make and file the fame on or before the first day of Michaelmas term one thousand eight hundred and four.—[December ij$ 1803.J

CAP. VIII.

An act to continue, until fix weeks after the commencement of the next - fcflion of parliament, an alt, made in the last fcflion of parliament, intituled, An alt to empower the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, to apprehend and detain such persons as he or they shall fufpelt for confpinng against his Majesty's person and government, until fix weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament.—[December 15, 1893. ] ~

cap. ix. ;

An alt to pontipue, until fix weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament, /in alt pafied in the last session of parliament, intituled, An alt for the suppression of rebellion in Ireland, and for the proteltion of the persons and property of his Majesty's faithful fu^jclts there, to continue in force until fix weeks after the commencement of (he next session of parliapaent.—[December 13,1803.]

CAP. X.

4n ail to continue until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five, fever al afls of the firiyfirjl^ forty fecond, and forty-third yean of bis present Majejly's reign, for regulating the drawbacks and bounties on the exportation of sugar from Ireland.—[December 15, 1803.]

WHEREAS an aSl was made in the forty+firff year of the reign of his present Majefly, intituled. An alt for regulating, until 41UC0.3.  ^  twentieth  day  of  May  one  thousand  eight hundred and two,

wMK  the

i&>3<] Anno regni quadragefima quarto Georgii III. c. io. 7

the allowance of drawback on the exportation from Ireland of

Britijh plantation fugar, and for allowing certain drawbacks on

fugar exported from Ireland*, abd foe allowing Brifi/b plantation

fogar to be warehoused in Ireland: and whereas an ad was made

in the ferty-fecond year of the reign iff his present Majejly, to continue 4* Gea 3.

and amend the said recited aft* of the forty-firJl year aforefaid: andCt 6o#

whereas an all was made in the forty-third year of the reign of his

prefeni Majejly, intituled, An a<£l for difeontinuing certain draw- 43 G*o. 3*

backs and bounties on the exportation of sugar from Ireland\c•17'

and for allowing, until the fifteenth day of January one thousand

eight hundred and four, other drawbacks and bounties inftead

thereof: and whereas it is expedient that the said recited afls Jhould

ht tsntinoed in manner herein mentioned; be ic therefore enabled by

the King's tnoft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and *

coofent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in

this present parliament afiembled, .and by the authority of the

fame. That the said recited a 61 of the forty-fir ft year, fo far as Recited ads,

the fame is not altered by the said recited ads of the forty-fecond where not si-

and forty-third years, and also the said recited ad of the forty- tS?0**-

fccond year, fo far as the fame is not„altered by the Aid recited March to,

ad of the forty-third year, and also the said recited ad of the 1805, for the

forty-third year, shall be, and the fame are hereby continued, port of Dnb-

until the twentieth day of March one thousand eight hundred  tlU

and five for the portjof Dublin, and until the twenty-fifth day of for other

March one thoufoitd eight hundred and five for the other ports ports of Ire-

of Ireland.  land.

II.  And be it further enaded. That if, in the first publication If, at certain of the Dublin Gazette, pursuant to the said recited ads of the  .

forty-Srft and forty-third years, after the arrival in Dublin of the Sa-Lendon Gazettet containing the average price of brown or Muf- zette, that the made sugar for the quarter of a year preceding the fifth day of average price January, the fifth day of May, or the fifth day of September one ^ brown or thousand eight hundred and four, or the fifth day of January {hall°not one thousand eight hundred and five refpeftively, or any or either have exceeded of the said days, ascertained and taken in manner prescribed by 70s. per cwt. law in Great Britain, it shall appear that the average price °f !jx such sugar fo afeertained and taken for the preceding quarter of ^cr the year (ball not have exceeded fevenry {hillings sterling for an bounty in the hundred weight, exdufive of the duties of customs paid or pay- fchedulean-able thereon on the importation thereof, then, and in every such ncx<Ld to cafe, the drawback or bounty in the schedule to the said recited ^rre-aft of the forty-third year annexed, mentioned as corresponding (bonding with to or with the price, of which such notice in the Dublin Gazette luch price in shall have been given as aforesaid, shall be paid or allowed,

(except on exportation to Great Britain), until notice published be pai , in the London Gazette of the average price for the quarter of a year preceding any other of such subsequent days shall be given m the Dublin Gaz»tte\ and such drawback or bounty shall be  *

paid or allowed in like manner in every refpeft, and subject and under, and according to the like rules, regulations, reftriftions, penalties, and forfeitures, as any drawbacks and bounties were pid or allowed before the palling this aft,

III.  Ana

1

8 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Gbq&gii III. c. i t./ [i 803. Adniaybe III, And be it further enaded. That this a& may be varied, veSedthis** a*lore<*> or repealed, hy any aft orafts to be passed in tbc pte- i sent session of parliaments

CAP. XI.

gfii a(l for enabling the lord-l or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, ta prohibit, until the twenty fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and the  of

fpirits from oats or oatmeal in Ireland j and for indemnifying fetch .  persons as have ailed in adv ok carrying into execution  pro-,

• clamation of the  lord-,lieutenant and council of Ireland \

bitingfucb difiUlatiorf-—[December 15, 1803.]  I

WHEREAS it is expedient that potver Jhould he given, in manner herein mentioned, to prohibit from time to time, during the contihuante of this as it may he thought neteffary, the life of oats or oatmeal in the brewing or fermenting any worts,

'or pot alt, for making or extrafling low wines or spirits in Ireland ; be it therefore enabled by the King's molt excellent majefty, by I and with the advice ana content of the lords fpiritua) and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and tord-Heute- by the authority of the fame. That, during the continuance of proclamation (^'s a^> ** shall be lawful for the lord-lieutenant or Other chief prohibit the * governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, and he and uiirof oats they is and are hereby authorifed, by and with the advice of his and Mtmeal Majesty's privy council of Irelandf from time to time, and at any linn of fpirits* t‘mes respectively during the continuance of this'aft, as he or r • they shall think fit, by proclamation, to prohibit the use of oats' and oatmeal in the brewing, making, or fermenting any worts,' yafh, or pot ale, for making or extraftiog low wines or spirits in Ireland, under such regulations, limitations, and teftri&ions,

•as shall be therein respectively exprefied and contained} and that;

'  it shall and may be lawful for the lord-lieutenant, or other chief

governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, by and with the advice of the privy council of  to  remove  and recai such

prohibition, and at any time'to revoke and annul hny proclamation issued in pursuance of this aft.

' II. And be it further enacted, That, during such.time as the use of oats or oatmeal shall be prohibited in manner aforesaid, no person dr perfons' shall apply, fpend, confhme, or make use of,

• or cau®f» procure, permit, or luffer to be applied, fpent, con, fohits con  or  made use of any ground or unground oats or oatmeal,

trary to pro- malted' of unmalted, mixed or untnixed, with any other ground ' or unground corn'or grain, malted or- un malted, or any other material'for diftilling, in the brewing, making, or fermenting of any worts, 'wafft,* or pot ale, for making, extracting, or di/rilling low wines or spirits in Ireland', and if any person or persons (hall, iconttafy to fuCh prohibition, apply, fpend, con-{time, or make use of, or caufe, procure; permit, orfuffer to be applied, fpent^ confumed, or made use of, any ground or un-ground oats or oatmeal malted or untpalted, mixed or unmixed,

•  -' „  '   wWl

Penalty on perionft mak< ing uic of oats or oatmeal in the

hibiiion*

5

1803.] Anno regni quadrtgefimo quarto Gsoaoii HI. c. i

with aay other ground or unground corn or grain malted or urapahed» or any other material for diftilling, in the brewing* aiakiog, or fermenting of any worts, wafh, or pot ale, for, making, extracting, or distilling low wines or spirits in Inland^ contrary to the true intent and meaning of this alt, the perform or perfonsfo offending (hall, for each and every such offence, forfeit and lose the fuqi of two .hundred pounds, and all fiich ground or onground oats or oatmeal, malted or. pnmalred, piixed or un-mixed, with any other ground or unground corn or grain malted or uaaudud,.or any. other materia) for distilling together.with ail or any of fiujh mixtures, and all such worts, wa£h, or pot ale, . and the bags, calks, or veflete containing the fame, 0**11 be forfeited, and may be seized by any justice of the peace, or any officer of his Majesty's revenue ; and upon the trial of any information for the laid penalty, or any of the said forfeitures, the . defendant or defendants therein lba)l be convicted, or the oats or oatmeal, together with any mixtures, worts, waft*, pr pot aje * condemned,, and the bags, calks, or vessels containing the fame, unless proof shall be qude by the defendant Or dcfepd*ntf, or claimant or claimants, that.there was not s*ny oats or .oatmeal, ground or uoground, mixed or uomixed, contained in any mix-* lures, worts, wafh, or pot ale, or any part thereof, as shall be alleged in ;fuph information*  -  «  .

III.  And be it-enaded,,That if any gfopiu) o*ts ox oatmwl,

above the weight of eight ftones, lhall, during such piqhibhjpn* ftoncCwcfght# be found in any diftillery, ftore, or other p_Uce thereto adjoining found in any or belonging, the fame, and the bags, calks, os; vessels containing,diililkry, to the fame, (halt be seized and. forfeited as afor^faid, and the diftifter; in whole distillery or store or other place the fame shall be found ^ forfeit «/ shall forfeit fifty jpunds* ...  5

IV.  And be it further epa&ed. That every servant of any Penalty on distiller or maker of Jow .wines or Ipiri^.and every other pprfon Irrvinw and -who (hall, during fucb-prohibition, be aiding and assisting in thediftfllers in*0® appl>ing, fpendipg, containing, or making use of any grpund or ufihgoats,&c. p. ground oats or oatmeal,, or oaten flour, in. the brewing,

making, or fermenting any4 worts, waft), or pot ale, for the making or extracting low wines or fpirits, or in carrying or con* vcying the fame into the houfe, ftyl houfe, or other place pfed by such distiller or diftftlcri, maker or makers.of low wines or faints, jn the brewing, making, or fermenting, fuel* wortf, wa(h, or pot ale, shall forfeit* and lose for such. offence the sum of twenty pounds *, and for the feebnd and any further offence, the (um of forty pounds; and in. default of payment, of the said pe^ nalty for the firft. offence imjfted Lately upon conviction, the person offending shall b% liable to suffer .imprifonment in the house of corredion for a /pace not exceeding fix months nor less than two mouthy, and to be .kept at hard labour during such imprifon-mentj and in default of payment of the said penalty for the fecund or farther ofFencc, (haft be liable to fuffer/pch jrpprifonment for aay (pace of time not exceeding twelve months nor less than twBooths*'  -  .   :  .  .  •  .  .

to Anno regni -quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 11. [1803*

V.  And whereas the lord-lieutenant and council of Ireland, by a proclamation bearing date the twelfth day of October one tboufajii eight hundred and three, did prohibit all diftillatton from oats and oat-meal, which proclamation was for the service of the publick, andjkould '  receive the sanction and confirmation of law, and all persons adviftng

and ailing in obedience to the fame Jhould be indemnified, be it there-Actions fore enafted, That all perfona) actions land fuitsy and all indift.

M ments, informations, and all prosecutions and proceedings what-f^t^aingm f°cvcr» which have been or (ball be profecured or commenced obedience6 to against any person or persons whomsoever, for or by reason of the prodama- any aft, matter, or thing advifed* commanded, appointed, or OA *14**180 ^onc *n rc^on t0 ^e  or of any contract or agree-

for prohibit-3' mcnt not performed by means of or in obedience to the said pro-log the use of plantation, be and are and shall be discharged and made void by oats in diftil- virtue of this aft; and that every person in any wife concerned in bedT h1**1 d  the  said proclamation, or in anywise afting

and the per-' therein or in purfaance thereof, shall be and is hereby acquitted, fanstndemni- difcharged, and indemnified of and from the fame; and that if fied.  any action or fuit (ball be prosecuted or commenced against any

perfon or perfons, for any such aft, matter, or thing fo advifed, commanded, appointed, or done, or such contraft or agreement toot performed, he, (he* or they may plead the general ifliie, and .  .  give this aft and the special matter in evidence; and if the

.plaintiff or plaintiffs in any action or fuit prosecuted or commenced after the date of the proclamation aforesaid, commanding or appointing the fame to be done, shall become nonfuited, or forbear further profecution, or suffer difcontinuance, or if a verdict pass against such plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall recover his, her, or their treble cofts, for which he, (he, or they shall have the fame remedy as in cafes where costs by law are given to defendants.

Penalties how VI. And be it further enacted. That all and every the fines, and applied Pcna*t*csi an^ forfeitures inflicted by this aft, and all sum and -  *  (urns of money in and by this aft made payable, shall be paid

and payable, and received and receivable in Irijh currency, and shall and may be sued for, reco^pred, levied, and applied in ' such manner and form, and by such ways and means, and with such powers and authorities, as are preferibed, direfted,* and appointed by an aft of parliament made in Ireland in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An act for the settling of the excise or new impojl upon his Majesty, his heirs andfucceffors, according to the books of rates therein inferted, or by any law or laws in force in Ireland relating to his Majeftv's revenue of excife, as full and effectually, to all intents, conftruftions, and purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned, expreffed, and enacted in this aft, with like remedy of appeal to and for the party or #  parties who shall think himfelf, herfelf, or themselves aggrieved

or injured as in and by the said recited aft as aforesaid is provided.

Continuance vil. And be it further enacted. That this aft shall have ofaa-  Conti.

continuance until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five, and no longer.

VIII. And be it further ena&ed, That this aft may be altered, varied, or repealed during this session of parliament.

CAP. XII.

Aft maybe altered or re* pealed this lefliou.

An a& to continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five, fo much of an aft, made in the forty-firft year of his present Majesty's reign, as relates to the prohibiting the exportation from Ireland of corn or potatoes, or other provifion*; and to the permitting the importation into Ireland of corn, fifh, and pro-v ▼ihooa, without payment of duty .—[December i&03-]

So much of a€t 41 Geo. 3.C.36. as was continued by 43 Geo. 3.0. if* further continued to March 25,1S05.

cap. xm.

An aB to prevent tie desertion and ejeape of petty officers, fcamenj and others, from his Majeffs fervtce, by means or under colour of any civil or criminalprocejs.—[December 15, 1803. J  '

WHEREAS many petty officers and seamen belongi/fg to bis Majejlfs navyy and divers per font who have either volun-] tarify entered intof or being duly imprejfed to serve in his Majcjlfs, navyy have of late years been taken out of his Majeffs feryice by means of arrests and detainers, as well both for real and pretended debts or causes of action, as also upon charges or accusations for alleged criminal offences \ and fucb petty ojfficersy feamen, and other persons a\  ,

aforefaidy have been thereupon difebarged out of cuftody, either by due course of. law, or by the conftnt of the persons at whose fuit or on wbofe complaint they had been fo arrejled, apprehended, or detained^ with intent to enable them, and they have been thereby oftentimes enabled, to desert and escape from his Majeftfs faidfervice, to 'the great prejudice and detriment of the said service j for remedy thereof be it enacted by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal* and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the paffipg of this Pe^7 officers a£, whenever any petty officer or seaman belonging to his aJreftedTv Majesty's navy, or anyperfon who shall have voluntarily enter- (hcriffs, &c> ed into or been impressed to serve in his Majesty's navy, shall to be kept in be arreded, apprehended, or taken in execution by any sheriff cuft°dy after or (beriffe, or other officer or officers, either upon or by virtue d?fcharced any roefne or other writ or process whatfoever, or upon or by from the virtue of any warrant for any alleged criminal offence, and shall writ, See. and be thereby taken from or out of his Majesty's sea fervice, or he immediate-from or out of any ship or vessel appointed for receiving volun- d°lfvered teers and impressed men to serve in his Majedy's navy, or from to the comer out of the custody of any officer of the impress or other mander in officer in his Majedy's sea fervice, with whom any such person chief of his as aforesaid shall have voluntarily agreed to enter into, or by j^pa, * Whom any such person as aforesaid mall have been impressed to totbrve cm serve in his JMajefty's navy, or who shall have the custody or board the

charge

• ' *

it "Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 13. [1805.

charge of any foch person as aforesaid, the fhejrtflf or -(heri/Fs, gaoler or gaolers, or other officer or officers* who shall have .«*  arrested  or  apprehended  any  such  petty  officer,  feaman,  or other

perfon as aforesaid, or in whose custody any such petty Officer, icaman, or other person as aforesaid, shall happen to be, By way of detainer upon or by virtue ofany such writ, procefs, warrant, charge 6r accufation, or upon or by virtue of the judgement or sentence of any court, shall not discharge any such petty officer,

' feaman, or other person as aforesaid, out of his or their cuftody, either upon payment or fatisfatftion of the debt or debts, cause or eaufes of adion, or for want of prosecution for, or upon ac-qpittal of, the charge or accufation, charges or accufatibns, upon which any such petty officer, feaman, or other person as afore-* (aid, shall be in custody as aforesaid, or by consent of the person or persons at whose fuit,* or on whose behalf any such petty officer, feaman,* or other person as aforesaid, (hill have been aireiV*. ed, apprehended, taken, or detained, or upon giving.bail, pr any other fecurity, or upon any undertaking either to appear to, or to answer or Satisfy, any such debt or debts, cause or eaufes of. si&ioD, charge or accufation, charges or accusations ; or in cafe of conviction for any criminal offence or offences after the expiration of any period or term for which any such petty officer, feaman, or other person as aforesaid, may have been sentenced to be imprifoned; but shall detain and keep every such petty officer, feaman, and other person as aforesaid, in his or their cuftody, and* (Kail thereupon forthwith and as soon as every such petty officer, feaman, or other person as aforefcid, would be entitled to be discharged out of cuftody, with respect to any such writ, procefs,' v Or warrant, or with respect to any such debt or debts, cause or eaufes of adtion, charge or charges, accusation or atcufations, judgement, or fentence, with all convenient fpeed, safely and fectirely conduct and convey, and safely and securely deliver every such petty officer, feaman, and other person as aforesaid, either unto the commander in chief of some of his MajestyV ,  (hips,  or  unto  some commissioned officer of the navy, being au-

thorised and empowered to raise Teamen for his Majesty's fervice, or unto some principal officer employed in regulating the service of railing men for his Majesty's fleet, whichever shall be at or nearest to the place where any such petty officer, feaman, or other person as aforesaid shall then happen to be, in order that every such petty officer, feaman, or other person as aforesaid may be detained and kept to serve on board his Majesty's fleet,' as before they were liable to do; and such commander in chief,

4  officer  of  the  imprefs, or principal regulating officer as aforesaid,

fhall thereupon give and deliver tef such sheriff or fheriffs, gaoler or gaolers, or other officer or officers as aforesaid, a certificate, diretfted to the treasurer of his Majtfty's navy,'fpecifying the receipt of every such petty officer, feaman, or other person as aforesaid as shall be fo delivered to him rcfpe&ively as aforesaid, and the places from and to which any such petty officer, feaman, or other person as afgsefaid (hallhavt been conduced add con-

vcyc4

1803.3  Anno regni quadrage&mo quarto Gborgi i ItL c. 13;  13

veyed as aforeiaid; and the (heriff or (heriffs, gaoler or gaolers* Sheriff; kc. or other officer or officers who shall have fo conduced* conveyed*to ** P™* far and delivered as aforeiaid any such petty officer, feaman, or tt^ other person as aforeiaid, shall thereupon be entitled to receive of officer or tea-and from the said treasurer of his Majesty's navy the futn of two man at the {hillings mile, and no more, for conuu&ing, conveying, and delivering as aforesaid every such petty officer* feaman, or other ***  **

perfon as aforesaid, upon production to the laid treasurer of the navy of such certificate*  *•

II.  And be it further enabled. That in cafe any fucb petty Transfer of officer, teaman, or other person as aforesaid, {hall be removed I***-from .or out of the custody of any (heriff or (heriffs, gaoler or  ^

gaolers, or. other officer or officers by whom any such petty fteriff to aft-officer, feaman, or other person as aforclaid shall have been other to be * arretted or apprehended as aforeiaid, or in whose custody any certified* such petty officer, feaman, or other person as aforesaid, (haU happen to be, into the custody of any other (heriff or (tariffs* gaoler or gaolers, or other officer. or officers, by virtue of any writ of habeas corpus pr other wife, the,(heriff or (heriffs, gaoler or gaolers, or other, officer or officers fo having arrested or apprehended such petty officer, feaman, or other per(bn as afiufe-faid, or in whose custody any such petty officer, feaman, or other as aforesaid shall happen to be, shall certify in writing to the (heriff or (heriffs, gaoler or gaolers, or other officer or offi? cers, into whose custody such petty officer, feaman, or other person as aforesaid shall be fo removed, upon the back of the writ or other proceeding by which such petty officer, feaman, s or other person as aforeiaid shall be removed out of the custody of such (heriff or (heriffs, gaoler or gaolers, or other officer or officers as aforesaid, that such person (o removed as aforesaid is  \

a petty officer, feaman, or other person as aforesaid, as the cafe may be,'and liable to .be. kept and detained for his Majesty's fervke; and fo lotus quoties as often as any such petty officer, feaman, or other person as aforesaid shall be removed from the custody of one such (heriff or.iheriffi, gaoler or gaolers, or other officer or officers, to the cuft9dy of any other (heriff or (henffs, gaoler or gaolers, or other officer or 9fficers.

IU. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That in cafe Sheriff, See. any (heriff or (heriffs, gaoler or gaolers, or other officer ot offif neglecting to cers, (hall. neglect or refuse to conduct and convey, for the coJtyt^clJ. purpose aforesaid, any such petty officer, feaman, or other person fcamanas as aforesaid to any distance n9t exceeding eighty miles for the herein dired-fpace of two days, or to any distance not exceeding one hun- «d> liable to dred and twenty miles for the space of three days, and fo tp*n*^?nfor any other greater diftance, at the tate of forty miles per day, aftertre p * the time that any such petty officer, feaman, or other person as • aforesaid, ought to be conduced and conveyed as aforesaid, for the purpose aforesaid, according to the directions of this a&, but shall wilfully or negligently detain and keep any such petty offi-ecr, .feaman, or other person a$ rforefaid in his or their custody for any (pace of time over* and above' the* feVeral (paces of time

herein*

*4

FmaTty of >06/ on the. fcerifF, &c. lor fufVtring Jbch petty olScor or fea-itoefeapei

limitation of lAions.

Treble cofts

Adt may be altered or repealed this Iciiion.

Arinoregni quadragefimo quarto Geokgii III. c. 13. [1803.

herein-before in that behalf fpecified, without conducing and conveying him as aforesaid, for the purpose aforesaid, then all and every such fheHff or (heriffs, gaoler or gaolers, or other officer or officers, /hall be subject and liable to be impleaded in an action of trefpaft upon the cafe, at the fuit of every futh petty officer, feaman, or other person as aforesaid, who shall be fo detained as aforesaid % any thing herein contained to the contrary tootwithftanding.*

IV.  And be it further enacted, That in cafe any (heriff or fheriffs, gaoler or gaolers, or other officer or officers, shall not fafeiy and securely conduct and convey, and safely and securely deliver, any such petty officer, feaman, or other person as aforesaid, either unto such commander in chief, officer of the imprefs, or principal regulating Officer as aforesaid, whichever shall be at or nearest to the place where such petty officer, feaman, or other person as aforesaid, shall then happen to be, but shall either wilfully permit or suffer any such petty officer, feaman^ or other perlon as aforesaid, to eftrape and go at large, all and every such sheriff or (heriffs, gaoler or gaolers, or other officer or officers, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, to be filed for and recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at IVeftminfier for offences committed in England* in his Majesty's court of exchequer at Edinburgh for offences committed in Scotland, and in any of his Majesty'-s courts of record in Dublin for offences committed in Ireland, by a<51 ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no eflbign, protection, or wager of law, nor more than one imparlance shall be allowed; one moiety of which penalty shall be paid to bis Ma-jeffy, his heirs and fucceflbrs, and the other moiety thereof to him or them who shall sue for the fame, together with full colts of fuit.

V.  And be it further enacted, That if any action or fuit shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons for any thirig done in ptirfuance of this adt, such action or fuit shall be commenced Within three calendar months next after the fact ♦committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the county or place where the cause of complaint did arife, and not clfe-where; and the defendant t>r defendants in every such action or fuit may plead the general ifftie, and give this adt and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants in any such action or fuit, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs lhall be nonfuited, or dif-continue his, her, or their action or fuit after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon demurrer, judgement shall be given againff the plaintiff* or plaintiffs, the defendant 01 defendants shall have treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame as any defendant hath in any other cafe to recover costs by law.

VI.  And be it further enacted, That this /aft may be altered,

varied, orrcpealed, by any adt to be passed in this present session of parliament,  --  '  *  ■

CAP,

i8o>J Anno regni qrndrtgefimoquarto Gtosoii III. c. 1*4. CAP. XIV.

JntO It amend  twaails, faffed m the forty-firfl and firtyithiri

jeers ef the reign of bis present Majcfij ,for permitting Portugal wine ft be landed and warehmifed in the United Kingdom; and te edewSpanifh wine te be ft landed and warebtufed.—[Decern*

I ben* 1803.]

WHEREAS an aft pafftd in theforty-firfl year ef the reign ef

bis present Majejly^ intituled, An act to permit Portugal 4* Geo. j; wine to be landed and warehoused without payment of duties, c#if* coder certain reftridions, for a limited time: and whereas H is expedient that the period in the faii aft fpeeified* for the payment of th* Mas end removal of the wine landed and warehoused under that edy Jbeuld be extended : and whereas an aft faffed in the loftfeffion ef parliament, intituled, Ar>a£t to permit Portugal wine to be landed 43 Geo. j; and warehoused in the United Kingdom without payment afc*lo3* duties, under certain reftriciions, for a limited time: and whereas it is expedient to revive the said left recited aft, fo far as the fame rtlates to the period of J,hipping Portugal tvine, in Portugal, for importation into the United Kingdom, and to extendfuih period, and aljo the period for landing and wareboufiug Portugal wine: and whereas it is also expedient to permit Spanifh wine to he landed and mrebetfed in like manner, and under the fame provisions and regular ~~ tints as Portugal wine j be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords (piritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par-  -

Viaraenr afTcmbled, and by the authority of tl|c fame. That all Portugal wuw fach Portugal wine as shall have been imported into the United UmhT the p«t-Kingdom under the provisions of the said first recited a&, shall vifionsofthe be allowed to remain in warehouse under the bonds given upon first recited the importation thereof, for twelve months after the period fpe-cified in the said a2t, and fubjelt to the conditions, regulations, andrellri&ions in the said ad contained: provided always, that house under the time specified for the payment of the duties under such bonds bond twelve as aforesaid shall be refpeflively extended for the period of twelve months: and all such bonds {hail be and'remain in as full force, fp*cjfod in and be good and valid for such .extended period ; and the said recited aSt. a&, and all the powers, authorities, provifions, penalties, for-  *

futures, conditions, reftridions, regulations, claufes, matters, and things in the said first recited adi contained in relation to loch wine, shall be revived and remain in full force as to such wines and duties, 9s fully and effectually, in every rcfpe&, as if such bonds had been renewed, or new bonds given, and as if all the clauses of the said a£t had been re-ena&ed in this a II. And be it further enacted. That the time Sn the said Ti®? ^or. recited i& of the last session of parliament specified for the actual landing and depositing of wine under the provisions of the said recited a& of ad, shall be extended to the fifth day of July one thousand eight 43 Geo. j. bandied and five, instead of the fifth day of January one thousand  *x"

eight hundred and four in the said a& mentioned} provided that junlyc5 ,goi.

no but no such

wine which  no such wine which shall not arrive at the port of importation in |

(hall not arrive Great Britain and Ireland refpediVely before the first day of June il^e(h”uCbet)ne tbotifand.efeht hundred and four shall be* allowed -to be admitted to entered for warehoufing under the said ad or this ad, unless it entry unless shall appear, according to the proviiions of the said ad, that the {hipped before the ^me yfZS a<aually (hipped for importapqtl before the (irftday May x, 1804,  dnc  jhdufand eight hundred and four.

A&stoextend III. And be it further enaded, That the said last recited ad to all wine ami this ad, and UPthe clauses therein contained, (hall, froth wiSn^the *nd after the palling of this ad, exteqd and be construed to experiods herein tend to all wine that dull have been fmee the first day of Othbtr mentioned di- one thousand eight hundred and three, or that shall within the redly from periods jn this ad mentioned hereafter be imported into the C^uernfey^‘United Kingdom directly from Spain^ or from the i (lands of Jcriey. Guernfty or Jtrfey\ and all such wine, and the importers and owners thereof, (hall, in all cafes in which the fame shall be pro^ posed to be warehoused or shall he warehoufed. under the said ad and this ad, be subject to all the conditions, regulations, re* ftrtdions, (except fo far as the fame are altered by thia ad J penalties, ahd forfeitures, and all the provifions* clanks, mas 'ters, and things in the said last recited ad contained* as fully and effcdually as if the fame were herein fpecrally* and .fevcrally re-enacted is to Spanijb wine brought directly from Spain.

Importers on IV. .Provided always, and be it further enaded, That any landing the .importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, of any •Spanijb S'^fhwine w*nc ProP°fe<l i0 he warehoused under this ad, who fh*Jl bereiii men- ^dually land and deposit the quantities of Spauijh wine herein-'tioned allow* after mentioned, shall be allowed the benefit pf this ad; (that is ed the benefit to fay), if in Londen, not less than fifteen pipe$ or butts or re-of this ad. puted pipes or butts of Spanijb wine; or if in any other port where any such wine may be warehoused under the said ad or this ad, ten pipes or butts or reputed pipes or butts of Spamjb wine,; any thing in the said ad of the iaft feffi6n of parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

Frovifions of V. Provided always and be it further enaded) That the said sVgco 3 °* rec*lc<* a(^ °* l*ft session of parliament, and all the clatifeSf c.103. (except powers, and provisions therein contained, (except fo far .as the wl)*rc hereby fame are by this ad altered), fli^Il be and the fame is and are here-altered), to by. revived, and shall remain and continue in full force for such <ratunuein p^rio^ as are in this ad specified for the importing and ware-houfing any wine under the said ad and this ad. '

A&nwy he VI. And be it further enaded, Thai this ad may.be altered) reined this var‘ed or repealed by any ad or ad$ to be passed in this present ictnon. session of parliament.

CAP. XV. //  .......

An ad For raiGng of five millions by loans or exchequer-bills, on the credit ot (uch.atda or supplies as have.been or ihall be granted by parliament For the service of Great Britain, for the yeat one thouflmd eight hundred and four.—[December iy, 1803.]*

Treafury may raise <,000,000/. by loam or exchequer^ Ha in like manner as is preferibed by the malt ad of thisfcilion, c. id, concerning loans, Ac.

But

iSoj.] Anno r^gniquadragcfimoquartoGEORon IIT. c. 16—18 tf

Bar not to iflat exchequer-bills on the credit of the aftt of this (effion, c 16  17. in any other manner than authorised by thelc atts, Sec. Ex^

cheqo^r-biBfl to bear an inteieft not exceeding $J. %q. per cent, per diem \ as.i rf not paid out of the hipplits for 1804,, they shall be receivable in piyaent of the revenue, in four months after their date Not to be re* ccived in payment cf any tixcs until payable. llaufcs. See. in aft, c. 16. rfjtrnjr to exchequer-bills, extended to this aft. Bank of England »u-tfionird to advance a,000.000/, on the credit of this a&, notwithfUuding act s and 6 Gul. et Mar. 6cc.

CAP. XVI.

Ao a# for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, in Great Britain, tor the service of the year onetboufand eight hundred and four.—[December 15,1803.]

CAP. XVII.

An aA for continuing and granting to his Majesty a duty On penfions* cSces, and perfon.l eft »tcs, in England j and certain duties on fugar* malt, tobacco, and fiiufF, in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thou find eight hundred and four.—[December 15, 1803.]

CAP. XVIII.

An act to explain and amend two acts, passed in the farty-ficond and forty-third years of the reign of his present Mayfly* relating to volunteers and yeomanry corps in Great Britain.—[December 20*

1803.]

WHEREAS an aft paj/ed in the forty second year of the reign n . .

of bis present Mayfly, intituled. An act to enable his Ma- J4^0* ** jefty to avail himself of the offers of certain yeomanry and volunteer corps to continue their services : and whereas the mufler-rcils mentioned in the fid aft are thereby required to be returned on or bfsre the twenty-fir/t day of September in each year: and whereas an eft faffed in the lajl fcffizn of parliament, intituled. An act for autho- ^eo. 3* tiling the bilkitiitg of such tioops of yeomanry and volunteer ca- c# X4l% valry as may be deftrous of assembling for the purpose of being trained together in Great Britain and Ireland; and for fybjefting to military difeipline, during the war, such serjeants serving in any volunteer or yeomanry corps of cavalry or infantry as receive constant pay* and all trumpeters* drummers, or bugle men serving therein, and receiving pay at any daily or weekly rate •, and for the further regulating of such yeomanry and vol On tee r corps : and whereas the commanding officers of corps are required, in the if certificates of attendance at mufltr and exercise under the provisions of the fid afts, to /late that the per fins returned by them in the mufler-rw as effeftwe, have attended properly armed and equipped: and whreas by re* fin of the commanding officers of fime corps having emitted, and of others being unable from the periods of their services being accepted, to make their returns within the tt mefp reified in the/aid fit/I recited aft \ and alfi by recfju cf jome corps not having been fup~ piud with arms, many per fins who haze duly and diligently at tended el musters and exercife, and by their services o:.ght to be entitled to the bn. fit of the exemptions given by the /aid acts to volunteers and yeq-Vot. XLV.  C  Munry

Mu far-rolls may be returned after

perfons who nave duly It tended mutter and exer eife of their corps tjhe number of

18 AnnoregniquadragefimoquartoGeorgiiIII.c. 18. [180;

manry under the fold a£ls% and the feveralaQs relating to the and defence of the kingdom, cannot claim fucb exemptions \ for retrace] whereof, may it therefore please your Majesty that it may fc enafted, and be it enacted by the King's mod excellent maje by and with the advice and content of the lords spiritual and tem porat, and commons, in this prefeqt parliament aflembled, axil by the authority of the fame, That it shall be lawful for the com

......... manding officers of any corps of yeomanry or volunteers wh

the passing of may have omitted, or have been unable to make their return this aft of under the said first recited aft at the period therein fpecified, arn the names of a]f0 for thc commanding officers of any corps not having beei supplied with arms, to return, at any time or times after th palling of this aft, mutter-rolls in the form in the fald recirct acts fpecified, of the names of every person in their refpe£tiv< corps who shall have duly attended at the mutter and exercifi

______ w of the corps to which he belongs, the number of days fpecifiec

days fpetified in the said recited ads refpeftively, and by such attendance fbal in recited ads, have become effective according to the provisions of the said re-fnn  (cxceP*  *n  ^°far as they are altered by this ad); aod

turned shall *vcry person duly returned in any such mutter-roll under this a<3 from the date (hall, from the date of such mutter-roll, be exempted from serving of the mutter- in the militia or in Any additional force raised or to be raised under e°** t^from any a^ or  ^ fe®on parliament, and from fupply-

faring in the *n8 any vacancies therein, and shall remain fo exempted fo long mitttiaor any a* his name shall be duly returned as an effective member in the additional future mutter-rolls of his corps: provided always, thit every Wt*k mufter-roIl which shall have been returned by any commanding °®ccrs aft«r period prescribed by the fyid first recited aft, and bers, &c. before the patting of this aft, shall be as valid andeffcftua) to exempt the persons therein returned as effeftive, as if the fame In cales where had been returned after the patting of this aft: provided always, arms have not that ;n every cafe in which any persons returned in any such afp^iafre- mutter-roll shall not have been properly armed and equipped by turntobe reason of not having been supplied with arms, the commanding nude.  officer making the return, instead of stating the persons fo re-

turned to have been properly armed and equipped, shall make .a special return that arms had not been supplied or procured to enable him to certify according to the provisions of the said recited afts.

II; Provided always, and be it further enacted. That nothing in this aft contained shall extend or be conttrued to extend to any^didmial S*vc any v°lunte$r or yeomanry corps, or any member thereof, exemption, not entitled thereto by their terms of fervice, any exemption exceot fo far whatever, or to extend any exemption to any members of any as relates to volunteer corps or yeomanry not entitled thereto under any of as^to th?p£a t*ie Prov»fions of the bid recited afts, or any aft of the last session riod of return- of parliament, except fo far as relates to any alteration in this aft in£ mutter- contained as to the period or mode of returning mutter-rolls.

III.  And whereas doubts have arifin whether the wives and famt-&** °f PerforiS enrolled in volunteer corps are entitled to relief: and k  whereas it is expedient that the wives and families of such perfons

doing

Aft not to give any volunteer corps

1804.] Anno regniquadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c.19—22. 19

daag military duty Jbould have relitf during the abftntt 0/ fueh ptr-fim am military duty} be it therefore enacted, That all persons in f°r the rohmtcer corps, when marched on any summons of any lord- relief of the lieutenant, or in consequence of any general signal of alarm, or wives and • when voluntarily assembled doing military duty upon any appear* families of ance of invafion, with the approbation of his Majesty,. figni tied jj**1jJVSun-through one of his Majesty's secretaries of ftate, shall be entitled teer corps, to fach and the like relief, and undeV such and the like circurn- when called ftaaccs as are mentioned in two several ads passed in the forty- upon military third year of the reign of his present Majesty, relating to the duty» *c* militia of England and St$tland refpedivcly, and of another ad passed in the fame year, relating to the defence of the realm; and all fans of money that shall have been before the passing of this ad advanced or paid to any such wives or families by any over-fccror overfeers, or parish officer or officers that shall have been or shall be certified in manner directed by the said laft-mentioned aft, shall be repaid by the receiver-general of the county out of aoy pubiick monies, and allowed in his accounts; and all over-fem, parifh-officers, receivers-general, and others who have advanced or repaid any such monies, under any order from the lords-commiffioners of his Majesty's treafury, or any three or more of them, shall be indemnified.  .

IV.  And be it further ena&td, That this ad may be altered, ^rcd orre-varied, or repealed by any ad or ads to be passed in this session pealed this of parliament.  feffion.

CAP. XIX.

An act for ptmiihing mutiny and defertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.—[March 9,1804.]

Number of forces 129,039.

CAP. XX.

As aft for the regulation of his. Majesty's royal marine forces while oa (hore.—[March 9,1804.]

CAP. XXI.

An act to continue, until three months after any restriction imposed by my aft of the present session of parliament on the bank of England from issuing calli in payments {hall ceafe, an aft, made in the parliament of Ireland in the thirty-feventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for confirming and continuing the restrictions on payments in cash by the bank of Ireland, and alio an act made in the forty-third year of the teign of his present Majesty for amending the said act.—[March 9,1804.]

CAP. XXII.

do off to indemnify  all  persons  who concerned in issuing  or

tarrying into execution an order of the  of  his

Mdjtflfs treasury for permitting the exportation of feed corn to Portugal from Ureat Britain.—[March 9, 1804.]

WHEREAS in conference of the  of  the  kingdom  ef

Portugal for feed corn, application was made  to

aftrta limited quantity thereof: and whereas furious inconvenience

C 2

zo Anno regniquadragefimoquartoGEORGiiIII. c 43—25. [1804.

wight haveartfen from delaying such permi/flin; and for the lion thereof the commifjioners of his Majefiys tufloms, in pursuance o) directions to that effect from the Ibrds-commijftoners of his Mije/iy* j treafury, have allowed the exportation of about fix or seven thiufam* quarters of corn from Great Britain for the supplying of the kingdom ^Portugal: and whereas it is therefore expedient that the fame Jhould he functioned by parliament, and all persons ijfuing, giving, or advising • such directions, or aCting under such directions, or concerned in the ijfuing, giving, or advifing" any such directions, and also all persons aCting under or in pursuance thereof Jhould be refpeCitvely indemnified; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpiritua! and temporal, and commons in this present parliament afiembled, and by Pcrfonsfriving the authority of the fame. That all persons iflinng, giving, or directions for advising any such directions as aforesaid, or concerned in the ttl^ofcorn  giving,  or  advising  any  such  directions, and alfoall perfbn9

to Portugal, acting under or in pursuance of the said directions, shall be, and and prrions are hereby indemnified for and on account of the fame, and of acting under flny aCt, matter, or thing done in pursuance of and in conformity tions fliall*be t0 directions as aforesaid, as fully and effectually to all intents indemnified. and porpofes whatever as if the fame directions had been given, and such aCls, matters, and things done in pursuance of any a6k or aCts of parliament.

Actions al- H. And be it further enaCted, That if any aCtion, fuit, or proready com- fecution hath been already commenced against any person or ^f(tayed?ay Pcr^ons for any fach matter, or thing fo advifed, it shall and and thede- may be lawful for the defendants or defenders in such actions, fendanrs may fuits, or prosecutions refpeCtively in whatever courts in Great h ive double Britain such aCtions, fuits, or prosecutions shall have been com-coiU.  menced, to apply to such court or courts refpeClively, to flay all

proceedings therein refpeClivelyby motion inafummary way; and such court or courts are hereby required to make order for that purpose accordingly; and the court or courts making such order, shall award and allow to the defendants or defenders respectively double colts of fuir, for which they shall refpeClively have the like remedy as in cafes where the cods are by law given to defendants or defenders.

/  CAP,  XXIII.

An act for allowing vessels employed in the Greenland whale-fifhenr, and clearing out from any poj t in Great Britain, to complete tneir full number of men at certain ports for the present feafon.—[March 9, 1804.]

CAP. XXIV.

An act for further continuing, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and fix, an act made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Mnjefty, for rendering the payment of creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland.—[March 9, 1804.]

CAP. XXV.

An act to enable his M.ijefty to grant the inhentance. in fee Ample, of cer-* tain manors, me images, lands, nn* hereditaments, in the parishes of Byfleet, Weybridge. Walton, Walton Leigh, and Chertfey in the county of Surrey, to his royal highnefa Frederick duke of York and Albariy, for a valuable coniiilciation.—[Mir.h 9, 2S04 ] .

CAP.

xgo^.J Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 26.  21

CAP. XXVI.

A *8 far charging, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thou-fatd eight hundred and five,, certain rates and duties, and for at-tawing certain bounties and drawbacks upon goods y wares, and merchandize^ imported into and exportedfrom Ireland ; and also for charging certain inland duties of excise and taxes in Ireland in lieu of former rates, duties and taxesy bounties, and drawbacks*

—[March 23, 1804 ] .

T X THEREAS by an aftpaffed in the parliament of Ireland, in the V V fortieth year of the reign of his present Mftftyy intituledy An ea 3* v v ad for granting for one year, the several duties therein mentioned, in lieu of all other duties payable upon the articles theiein fpe-  ,

cified during the Paid term, and for regulating the trade between this kingdom and his Majesty's colonies, and for other purposes therein mentioned, certain duties on importation and exportation, and certain drawbacks on exportation, and also certain bounties or allowances on exportation and importation into and from Ireland, of the goodly wares, and manufactures in the fa id ah mentioned and also certain sums of money, duties of inland cxcife, and taxes in the said act mentioned, were granted and allowed for the term by the faidaft limited and apjminted: and whereas the said act bath been altered and amended and continuedy and several other duties have been granted by dhers afts of the parliament of Ireland, and of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and whereas certain of the duties, drawbacks, bounties, allowances, and taxes y now payable under, end by virtue of the said several afts, will expire and be determined on the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and Jour) and certain other of the said duties9 drawbacks^ bounties, al-hwanceSy and taxtSy are hereby intended to be repealedy in order that . the fame may be confolidatcd in this aft: and it is expedient that certain duties, drawbackSy bounties, allowances, and taxes, Jhould be granted and allowed in lieu of the said duties, drawbacks, hour, tiesx allowances, and taxes fo expirirg or repealed; may it therefore p cafe your Majesty that it may be enaded; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual 3nd temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fime. That an ad parted in the forty-firft year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An a ft for repealing certain duties^ peafof vfm tea imported into Ireland, and for granting other duties in lieu  <?'

tbereafy and for granting additional duties on sugar and coals im- '  '  °

ported into Ireland ; and also one other act palled in the forty-tecond year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for 4* Geo. 3, gracting to his Majefiy certain additional duties on goods importedc* l^7* into and exported from Ireland; and also one other ad parted in Qeo the forty-third year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An  **

eft for granting to his Majijly certain duties on the importation of gwlSyWareSy a\d merchandise into, and on goj?ds%waresy and mer-. ikandi%e7 exported from Ireland, and alfs certain duties of excise on

fpirits

this a&; fee f. 48.) the duties on importation into Ireland, under schedules A, and B.

On exportation from Ireland under schedule C. On entries in

22  Anno regniquadragefimoquarto Geo&gii HI. c.26. [1804.

fpirits and malt  diftilledand made in Ireland, (ball, from and after

the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and four, be, and the fame are hereby accordingly repealed j except as to recovering or paying any duties or arrears of any duties, or taxes granted by the said ads or any of them, or by any other ad or a61s of the parliament of  ,  or  of  the United

Kingdom, and as to the recovering, levying, or paying, any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, relating thereto, which may have been or shall be due or incurred at any time before or upon the said twenty-fifth day of Marth one thousand eight hundred After «fth and four.  '  I

March 1804., II. And be it further enaded, That, from and after the said there shall be twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and paid (during four, during the continuance of this alt, there shall be railed, levied, cplleded, and paid throughout Ireland unto and for the use of his Majesty, bis heirs and fucceHors, upon the importation into Ireland of goods, wares, and merchandize, as mentioned and fet forth in the schedules or tables rcfpc&ively marked A, and B. hereunto annexed; and upon the exportation from Ireland of goods, wares, and merchandize, as mentioned and fet forth in the schedule or table marked C. hereunto annexed ; and upon certain entries, inwards and outwards in the port of Dublin, and upon certain (hips or vcftpls trading to

_ ________ Ireland, mentioned and fet forth in the schedule or table marked

port of Dublin D. hereunto annexed, the several rates and duties, and addi-and on (hips tional duties, as the fame are refpellively deferibed and fet forth “Of*®1 in words and figures in the said schedules or tables marked A,

Drawba k in an<* an<* ,*iat t*lere shall be Pa,d an<* allowed upon schedules Am *be exportation from Ireland of the several goods, wares, and ' merchandize mentioned and fet forth in the said schedules or tables marked A, and B. the several drawbacks inferted, fet forth, and deferibed in words and figures in the said schedules or tables refpe&ivelyj and upon the exportation from and importation into Ireland of the goods, wares, and merchandize deferibed in the schedule or table marked £. hereunto annexed, there shall be paid and allowed the several bounties and allowances as the fame are fet forth and deferibed in words and figures therein mentioned.

III.  And be it further ensiled, That the said several rates and duties mentioned and fet forth in the said several schedules or tables refpellively marked A, B, and C. shall be refpellively shall be in lieu paid in lieu and full fatisfaliion of all cuftoms, fubfidies, and ot all former duties whatever payable in Ireland under and by virtue of any all or alls of parliament in force there, upon the importation or exportation of goods, wares, and merchandize, except the duties payable in the port of Dublin upon coals by an aH patted coaisunder 'n‘ the parliament of Ireland in the twenty-third and twenty-93, «4 Geo. 3. fourth years of his present Majesty's reign, intituled. An fir (I.) c. 31. continuing and amending an a£l, pajfed in the twenty-fecond year of J“?< bis present Majejlf s  reigny intituled, ‘ An all for the improvement

*  — — at/*  ai/tf at f  ■ n turn «ma£ih<v modi Am ammA  —* — -* —-* dUm (Istet ae

and B.

Bounties under schedule E.

The said dur ties on importation and exportation

duties 1

except the duties on

I.)c. 17.J * ef th city of Dublin, by making \ttide and convenient fajjagti

through

i£o4*] Anao regni quadragefimo quarto Georgxi III. c. i6.  23

through the fame; am/ for regulating the coal trait thereof, and fir for xmprov^ other furpefes-,* and except the duties payable upon timber 0fI”* DuWmi all kinds, planks or blocks of mahogany, and of all other kinds ^duUe?on of wood, boards of all kinds, ftaves, bricks, blocks of marble, timber under and all kinds of stone which Shall arrive in any ship or vessel 1% Geo. 3. in the port or harbour of Dublinf or in the harbour of DunUary, c. 35. [amend, by an ad passed in the parliament of Ireland in the thirty-fccond j?* ** y*?* year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, Jn ait fir re- pu£lin bar. fairing and freftrving the walls of the river Anna LiflFey in the hour. dty ef Dublin ; and for amending an ait faffed in the twenty-Jixth year of his MnjeJbfs reign, intituled, * An ail fir promoting the trade of Dublin, by rendering its port and harbour more com-aadmtf;' and the said duties shall be fcveraliy paid down net in Duties to be ready motley Irijb currency, without any difeount or allows down* snee whatever.

IV.  Provided always, and be it further enaded, That nothing Ad shall not in this ad contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, lop^tOTstopay compel the proprietor or proprietors of goods, wares, or mer- duties on P chandixe, to pay the duties upon the landing thereof, in respect landing

of any goods, wares, and merchandize, in any cafes in which goods which the duties due and payable upon such goods, wares, or mer-  "

chandize, might on and immediately before the said twenty* houfed. fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and four, have been, at the request and ri(k of the importer or proprietor thereof, secured in warehouses for payment of duties, or by the bond of the importer or proprietor thereof, under the pro-vifions of any a& or a£ks of parliament in force in Ireland, on and immediately before the said twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and four, during the continuance of any such ad or afts refpe&ively.

V.  Provided alfo. That in cafe the importer or proprietor of Duties shall be any goods, wares, or merchandize, which shall have been fe- Pa*d on cured in warehouses by virtue of any a6t or a£!s of parliament warchoules, in force in Ireland, on or immediately before the said twenty- for which the fifth day of March onfc thousand eight hundred and four, and on duties have which the duties due on the importation thereof shall not have ***” P*id» been paid, shall be desirous during the continuance of this a& b^fm*c of taking any such goods out of such warehouse for the-purpofe March 13,

of being used or consumed in Ireland; then and in such cafe 1804. the duties imposed by this ad shall be payable thereon, not-withftanding such goods may have been imported into Ireland, or bonded before the said twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and four: provided alfo, that nothing herein . contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to permit any goods to be delivered from such warehouse for the purpose of being used or consumed in Ireland, or for any other purpose whatsoever, unless such goods could have been lawfully fo delivered before the said twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and four, or the duties for which such goods had been detained in such warehouse shall have been fully paid and difeharged,

VI.  Pro.

C 6? :

40 Goo 1. 00 C. 3 VI

*4 Annoregni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 26; [1804..

of VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Gr/a? Hrit0|ii n l^'s conta*nc^ Ihall extend, or be construed to extend, to and irebnd.  or  aher  any  °f rhe provisions contained in two alls for

*  the union of Great Britain and Ireland, the one made in the

[?<;,*oGto.3. parliament of Great Britain, in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years o: the reign of his present Majcftv, and the other made in the parliament of Ireland, in the fortieth year of the reign of his prelcnt Majesty, or any other a& or alls in force on and immediately before the (aid twenty-fifth day of March one thou-fand eight hundred and four, by which any goods wares, or merchandize, the growth, produce, or nianutall re of Great Britain, imported from Great Britain into Ireland, or any good** wares, or merchandize, the growth, produce, or manufacture of Ireland, exported from Ireland to Great Britain* are reipeltively made to remain liable to or are charged with of exempted from any duties of customs or excife, whether countervailing or others, or by which any drawbacks or bounties are allowed or given in rcfpelt of any such goods wares, or merchandize, lave and except the countervailing or other dunes and drawbacks Except a* to granted by the said alts for the union of Great Britain and hw amTother *refonds or by any other alt or alts made in pursuance of th« duties <»fcer provisions in the said alts of union, for and in respect of beer, tained by this coals, hops, malt, fait, fi 1 k-manufailures, spirits and refined or any all in sugar ; and which countervailing or other duties are or may be o^union.' a^certa'ne<^ by this present alt, or by any other act or act> palled [s^e poll. f. 7, or t0 be pafftd in this present fefiion of parliament, in pursuance of and c. 17, of the provisions contained in the said alts oi union for i hat purpose.

VII.  And whereas it was in and by the Jixth arlicit of the union ofGreat Britain arid Ireland, among other things, provid'd and declaredy that fait and hops Jhould pay, on importation into Ireland fr m Great Britain, duties n:t exceeding those whnh were then paid an importation into Ireland; and that coals on importation into Ireland from Greaj Britain Jhould be fubjett to burthens not exceeding those to which they were then fubjefl: and whereas it is expedient to grant certain duties on the importation into Ireland of such fait, hops, and coats, in lieu of such duties as may be payable on the fame, under and hy virtue of any all of the parliament of Irt bind, made previous to the said ails oj union, or any other all or ails in force immediately before the pajfwg of this all; be it therefore enalted, That, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March one rhoufand eight hundred anc* f°ur> during the continuance of. this alt, there [according to (ball be raifed, levied, collelted, and paid unto his Mjjefty, his provisions of heirs and fucce (Tor?, upon the importation .into Ireland from Great Union alls],  c  c  » -* - ---» —»- iV:-----c  a.  -----u —j

this fclrion.J

Duties on fait, hops, and coals,

imported from Great Bruin into Ireland.

Britain, of fair, Imps, and coals, being of the growth, produce, or fnanufallure of Great Britain, the.feveral and refpeltive duties following; (that is to fay).

For and upon every bushel of white fait, weighing fifty-fir pounds, the sum of two shillings ;

For and upon every ton of rock fait, containing forty bufhels, each bushel weighing fixty-five pounds, the (pm qf three pounds:

Fox;

1804.} Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgi 1III. c. 26.  25

For and upon every pound weight avoirdupois of hops, the sum of one penny farthing ;

And ror and upon every ton of coals, the sum of one (hilling md nine-pence:

And that there shall be paid and allowed on the exportation Drawback on cf fuen cads and hops from Ireland a drawback of all the duties C04^8 ndhop?. -dually paid thereon.

VIII.  And be it further enabled. That fo much of this aft oi°dut?e^ as rentes to the duties imposed upon the importation of goods, American v«re>, or merchandize from the United Slates of America, afui goods, bcued, dtfenbed, and fet forth in the schedule hereunto annexed, marked B., shall continue in force during :he continuance of this aft, in cafe an aft patted in the fortv-firft year of

his prctent Majesty's reign, intituled An oft to facilitate the trad: ozdUtcrcoufe betueen Ireland and the United states cf America, * during toe continuance of the treaty of amity, commerce, and navigation, between bis AJajejty and the Jdid States, shall (o long continue and be in force, but not other wife; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary notwithftanding.  -

IX.  And be it further enacted. That in cafes where the  tp_

duties b) this aft imposed upon tobacco imported into Ireland bacco,

fhall be patd,.then the sum of two-pence halfpenny for every pound 7,300/. of weight thereof, and also fo much of the produce of the duties 1*utv on te*s* aiifingupon teas, as shall amount to the annual luin of Icven thou fund three hundred pounds Irijh currency, shall be from time count to time respectively carried to the account to be kept of his M3- reditary rt-iefly's hereditary revenue, and shall be deemed part of his Ma- vcnu<* jelly's laid hereditary revenue.

X.  And be it further enacted. That in all cafes where the

dines by this aft, or any of the schedules hereunto a:inexed, ftuty^lTUuL imposed upon the importation or exportation of goods, wares, rem on inland merchandize into or from Ireland, are charged not according portalion or to the weight, tale* guage, or meafure, but according to the value thereof, such value shall be taken and estimated at the tafned* A aiiual price thereof, with the.addition of freight and att other charges and expences whatfoever, exclusive of the duties paid cr payable by law on any such goods, wares, and merchandize, or on the importation or exportation thereof refpeftivcly; and ll.atfuch value shall be afeertained (except as in this aft is provided), by the oath of the importer, exporter, or pit rictor of fjch goods, wares, and merchandize, or of his known agent or fjcior, in the manner and form, and under all the rules and regulations, and subject to the fame forfeitures and penalties as are or may be preferibed, direfted, and imposed for afeertaining ar»d collecting the duties to be paid according to the value thereof, by an aft patted in the parliament of Ireland in the fortieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An alt Viz. as under ktUr regulating the collection of his Majeftf s revenue, and for pre- ^f^o Gco0^* 'anting of frauds therein; and for repealing an alt made in the ^ 1 j c 4;. thirty ninth year of the reign of his prefnt Majesty, intituled, 1 An 1 9*. 99. re-ifi for continuing and amending fever al laws relating tc his Mayfly's

ported, pay. m* doty ad valorem.

%6 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Gxoegii III. c. 26. [1804.

revenue\ andfir tbt more effectually preventing the frauds, therein,* and the several ads and statutes which are mentioned to he continued by this afty and by any a& for continuing or amending the fame; and in cafe such goods, wares, or merchandize, mast not be valued according to the true and real value thereof, and according to the true intent and meaning: of this uSt, then it shall be lawful for the proper officer or officers of the revenue to cause the fame to be detained; and the Did goods, wares, or merchandize, shall be dealt with, and the several officers of the revenue shall proceed in every respect in the manner preferibed or to be preferibed by the said last recited adt, or by any ad or ads for continuing or amending the fame.

Afbevtaming XI. And be it further enacted, That in all cafes where any vahie of prut goods, wares, and merchandize imported or brought into Ireland goods im- on  are by this ad, or by any of the (chedu)es

hereunto annexed, impofed, not according to the tale, guage, weight, or meafure, but according to the value thereof, shall be condemned as prize, such value shall be ascertained by the gross price at which such goods, wares, or merchandize shall be publicity (old, without any deduction or abatement whatever; and such goods shall and may be detained until the duties due thereon shall have been fully paid and fatisfied.

XII. And fir the better afeertaining the price of teas, being of the growth and produce of the Ea(l Indies, imported into-Ireland from Great Britain, according to which the duties are imposed thereof and also fir the afeertaining the value of all goods, wares, and merchant dsze importedinto Ireland which had been imported into Great Britain by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, on which the duties are charged by this ad, not according to the tale, weighty guage, or meafure, but according to the value thereof:

How prices of be it enadtod, That the price of all teas, and the value of all such be*  600^s> wares, and merchandize fo imported, shall be inserted in

India good#, t*le respective cockets, and the price of such teas, and the value rated ad va- of such goods, wares, and merchandize, shall be refpeAively taken iorem, (ball be at the gross price at which the fame teas, goods, wares, and mer-afccrtained. chandize fo imported, shall have been refpcdlively bought at the publick sales of the said company; and the principal accountant or deputy accountant for the time being of the said Eafl*India company is hereby required and diredted, on demand made by any person authorised by the chief commissioners of the revenue of Irelandfrom time to time to furni(h the said commissioners with copies of such parts of the said books as /hall relate to the purchase and fate of the teas, and other goods, wares; and merchandize fo imported, and which copies being verified by affidavit made before the lord-mayor of London for the time being, and being attested by a notary publick in the city of London* (hall, without further proof either of the said affidavit or of the said copies, be admitted as evidence in all suits commenced or arising under this alt.

XIII.

Ho duties Jltall be paid on importation of goods

And be it further cnadted, That during thecontinuance of this aft, no duty shall be paid on the importation of any of the

articles

ifofj Anno regni quadraa^rtio quarto Georgii III. c. 2 6.  .  27

snicks /pacified » *ny of the said fcbcdules to be duty-free on ftsted to be

inporfidon into Inland ; provided that due entry of all such

goods be made in the cuftom-houfc of the port in Ireland where e 6cheduieie

foch goods shall be imported, expressing and setting forth in every Due entry

fiich entry the particular mirks and numbers of the packages in ***“5 m*®Ce

which any such goods {hall be imported, with the quantities and

qualities, and particulars thereof, and value thereof, and in the

fame manner and form as entries are legally to be made in /r#-

ItfWin cafes of importation of goods duty-free; and that such

goods ball be landed at the places and times required by law*

sod io the presence of the proper officer, and by bim examined

and ^charged, otherwise fetch goods (ball be forfeited and may

helmed by any officer of the revenue.

XIV.  And whereas the inhabitants of the ijlands rfJerfcy, Guera-fey, Sark, and Alderney, are by law permitted and allowed to im-fat isto Great Britain, any goods* wares* and merchandize of the Irewtb* produce^* or manufacture of those rejpedive tfles* (other thorn (sit) afon certificates from the reffective governors* lieutenant or de* jmtj governors* or commanders in chief for the time being; and oaths it fere the magistrates of the said ijlands of Jerfey and Guernfey re-jpeftwdh that the fame are of the growth* produce, and manufaQun tf the fold ijlands or either of them* without paying any cuftoms*fub~ fdm} or duties for aisd in rejfpeCt thereof: and whereas it is expedient to great such perrmffion with respect to the importation of goods* the grwrfi, produce, and manufacture of the said ijlands* into that part of tie Usitcd Kingdom called Ireland, as is hereinafter mentioned5 be it therefore enaOed, That, during the continuance of this ad, the said inhabitants (ball and may (with and under such certificates (except fait), and oaths as aforefaid) import into any lawful port in Ireland* may be im-any goods, wares, and merchandize (other than fait), of the  like

growth, produce, and manufadure of the said islands or either of Britain* them, without paying any greater or other duties for and in re- [See Britifti

withftanding.

XV.  Provided always, and it is hereby further enaded, That Not to ex-nothing in this ad contained {hall exempt or be construed to ex- c™Pj **5*3* empt any goods or commodities of the growth, produd, or ma.  *

nufsdure of sny foreign nation or country, which may be im- jerfcy, Sec. potted into any of the said iflands, or such foreign goods or commodities as shall or may be in part or fully manufadured in any of the laid islands by the people thereof, or any fait whatever, imported into Ireland from any of the said iflands, from payment of all such cuftoms, duties, and other impositions on the importation of the fame, from any of the said islands into Ireland* as are or shall be due and payable for goods and commodities of the . to fend imported into Ireland, from Any foreign nation or coootry, of which the said goods are the growth, produd, or uaanhdare; any law, cuftom, or ufige to the contrary not-

XVI. Pro-

*8, AnnoregniquadragefimoTqu«~^GEoRGn til. c.26. [1804.

Firti cf British or Irifh taking *nd curing may be in>-

jotted doty tree.

Matter fh*U make oath on entry, that fish waa fo taken and cured.

Regulations under which produce of creature's taken in any part of the ocean by fuhjt&s may be entered on payment of duty, as of Britiill billing; viy.. proof of" their being fo takeny and producing the log bonk of the (hip, &c.

XVI.  Provided alfo, and be it further enisled, That fi(h of every kind or fort whatever, of Britijh or Irijh taking and curing, caught or taken in any part of the ocean by the crews of any (hips or vessels built in Great Britain, Ireland, or the islands of Jerfty-t Guemfey, or Moti% or in any of the colonies, plantations, iflands, or territories, which now belong or at the time of building such vessels or (hips did belong, or which may hereafter belong to or be in the pofleflionof his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, and wholly belonging to and owned by his Majesty's fubje&s, and navigated and registered according to law, shall and may, during the continuance of tbit a&, be imported into Ireland, in in (hips built, owned, navigated, and registered as aforesaid, without payment of any duty of customs whatever; any thing this a& or any other att or a&s to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithftanding.

XVII.  Provided always, That before such sith shall be admitted to entry, the master or other person having or taking the charge or command of Jthe ship or vessel in which such fi(h shall be imported, shall make oath before the collector or other chief officer of the revenue, at the port of importation, (who is hereby authoriied and required to administer such oath), that such fish was actually caught, taken, and cured, wholly by his Majesty's fuhjedls.

.XVIII. And be it further enabled. That whale fins, oil, or blubber cf Gales, Teal-oil, or feaUfkins, or any other produce of filb or feals, or other creatures, taken or caught in any part of the ocean, by subjects of his Majesty, usually residing in Great Britain or Ireland, or the islands of Gutrnfey^ Jerfty, Alderney, Sark, or Man, in (hips or vessels built in either of the said kingdoms or iflands, owned, regiftered, and navigated according to law, shall and may, during the continuance of this ad, be admitted to entry on payment of the duty by this ad imposed on such ai tides of Britijh fishing or catching, provided that proof be made that the said articles were actually caught and taken by the crew of the vessel in which they are imported, by the oath of the master of such veflel, that the fame were bona fide fo caught and taken: and provided always, that a log-book shall be con-ftantly kept on board such ship or veflel, in which log-book the various fuuations and occurrences fefpeding such ship or veflel, during the whole course of the, voyage, shall be inserted every day, and particularly the times when such ship or vessel shall have been in fight of land, diftinguiihing what land and the bearings thereof, and the supposed distances therefrom, and the foundings, and alio the time when and the latitude in which any whale or other creature living in thefea (ball have been killed, taken, or caught, by the crew of such ship or veflel; which log-book fo to be kept as aforesaid shall be delivered by the master or other perion having or taking th? charge or command of such ship or veflel, at the time of his making a report of such ship or veflel, to the collector or other offi :er of the revenue, at the port in Ireland where such ship or vessel shall arrive, for his inspection and ex- I

animation;

i$o4>] Anno regniquadragefimoquarto Georgii IIT. c. 16.  29

artiinarion; and the said matter or other person having or taking the charge or command of such {hip or vefiel, together with the mace thereof, shall jointly and severally verify on cath the contents of such log-book before such collector or officer, who is hereby authorised and required to administer the fame.

XIX. And whereas it is expedient that oil or blubber of fifh, or creatures living in the fea, actually caught and taken on the banks and fares of the island of N e w found land and parts adjacent, wholly by hit Majestys fnbjefts, carrying on the said fishery from the said ifland\ and refang therein, fauld be admitted to entry on payment of the like duty as if caught and taken wholly by bis Mojefty's fubjettt carrying on the Joid fifaryfrom his Majefly'% European dominions, and usually residing in the said dominions \ be it therefore enacted, That, during the continuance of this act, all such oil or blubber shall be admitted °t ^^2* to entry, on payment of the duty by this a& imposed on rrain oil, land, by rubor blubber of Newfoundland of Britijh fifhing, notwithstanding iclidmg such oil or blubber of fiih, or creatures living in the fea, shall have  be

been caught and taken by his Majcfiy's fubjc&s carrying on the paymcrnnjf said fishery from and residing in the said island : provided always, NewtounH-that before any such oil or blubber shall be admitted to entry as duty, as on! aforefatd, the matter or other person having or taking the charge or *rtl-1°*  .

command of the ship or vessel in which any such oil or blubber shall be imported (lull produce and deliver to the colledor, or tiiu clndi-other chief officer of the revenue, at the port in Ireland into which tious. such oil or UubCcr shall be imported, a certificate under the hand and feal of the naval officer in Newfoundland, or if there shall not be any naval officer, then under the hand and feal of the commander of any of his Majeftv's (hips Rationed there, tettifying that oath has been made before him (who is hereby authorised and required in such cafe to adminitter the fame) by the person or persons who actually caught the fifh, or creatures living in the fea, from which the oil or blubber mentioned in such ceitiflcate was produced, that such oil or blubber was really and bond fide' the oil or blubber of fish or creatures living in the fea, actually caught and taken on the banks and Chores of the island of New-fiundland and parts adjacent, wholly by his Majesty's fubjccU carrying on such fishery from the said ifland. and residing therein; and provided such matter or other person having or taking the charge or command of the ship or vefiel, fo importing such oil or blubber, shall also make oath before such collector or other chief officer (vrhd is hereby authorised and required to administer the fame) th. tthe oil or blubber lo imported are'the fame oil or blubber mentioned and refeired to in the said certificate.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for the importer, proprietor, or confunee of any fish oil or blubber, feal (kins, or other produce of the Britijh Nnu+ Ln 1 may be fiundland fishery imported into Ireland, direflly from the island of bonded. Newfoundland^10 waiehoufe the fame in Ireland, and to give bond to his Majesty, his heirs and fucccflbrs, with one sufficient fizrery in the penalty of treble the amount of the duty on such fish oil, or other produce as aforesaid, with condition that such fish oil, or

other

How drawbacks and bounties shall be paid.

Goods mult be exported within three years for drawbacks. Coaches x% months.

30 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgxi III. c. 26. £ 180^

other produce of the said fi(hery, shall be duly exported frot Inland, within twelve calendar months from the date of fuel bond, or that the duties by this ad'impofcd on the. importatio thereof shall be paid on the fame being taken out of the warehoui for home confumption, or within twelve such calendar months which bond (ball be taken by the colledor or other chief office of his Majesty's revenue at the port of importation, who ar< hereby respectively authorised and required to take such bond.

XXL And be it further enaded, That all drawbacks, bounties and allowances whatsoever by this a d granted, allowed, or mad< payable upon the exportation from Ireland of any goods, wares or merchandize, articles, matters, or things whatfoever, dial without any ‘fee or deduction be paid by the several collcQtors 01 other chief officers of the revenue at the respective ports of exportation, within one calendar month after the fame shall be lawfully demanded, out of any money arising out of any duties by them colleded: provided always, that no drawback or allowance whatsoever (ball be paid or allowed, unless the goods, wares, or merchandize, (other than coaches and other carriages) on which the fame shall be claimed, be exported within three years from the importation thereof, and in cafe of coaches and other carriages within twelve calendar months, nor unless due proof be made, to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the cuftoms, of the entry of such goods and of the payment of the duties thereon; and that no drawback, bounty, or allowance whatfo-ever, shall be paid on any goods, wares, or merchandize, articles, matters, or things exported from Ireland^ unless all requisites shall have been performed, which by any law now in force, or at any time hereafter to be in force in Ireland, or by any regulations made or to be made by the chief commissioners of his Sfajefty's revenue in Ireland, are or at any time shall be required to be performed for obtaining such drawback, bounty, or allowance re-fpe&ively; nor shall any drawback, bounty, or allowance be paid, .unlefs the proofs necessary for obtaining the fame be made, and within'two9*1 t*,e drawback, bounty, or allowance be claimed within two years years after, from the time of (hipping the goods for exportation.

Ho drawback XXII. And be it further enaded, That no drawback or shall be al- bounty shall be allowed for any goods, wares, or merchandize, lowed on articles, or things whatfoever, which, during the continuance of poitod^o Ifle f^s flwll be exported from Ireland to the islands of Ar* or of Faro. Ferre 5 nor shall any cocket or clearance be granted for the ex-No cocket porting to the said islands any goodi which are prohibited to be granted for worn or used in Great Britain or Ireland; any law, cuftom, or **ppftng, usage to the contrary notwithftanding.

^drtWtter. XXIII. And be it further enaded, That during the conti-43 Geo. 3. nuance of an ad passed in the forty-third year of his present Ma-c. 17. [cot- jetty's reign, intituled. An aft far difeentinuing certain draw-dnued by bach and bounties on the exportation of sugar from Ireland, and far allowing, until the fifteenth day of January one tbosfani eight hundred and four, other drawbacks and bounties instead thereof j and which ad hath been continued by an ad made in the prefent

feffion

44 Geo. 3, c. xo). Drawbacks and bounties

i8of] Anno regni quadragefitno quarto Gboroii III. c. iS. 31

feffioa ofparliament, the drawbacks and bounties on theexpor- fugm ex. atba of the several forts of sugar in the said a &. mentioned, and (h*** iifo an additional bounty, to be calculated at and after the rate that aft*1" of ten pounds for every hundred pounds in money on the pro- while in force, duce aod amount of the (aid laft-raentioned bounties, shall be and xoper allowed and paid, subject nevertheless to the regulations, provi- cent, additions, and directions in the said recited a&, and in any a£t or adls [See 43 G. j. for continuing or amending the fame, and in this a3t mentioned 0.9s. £ 3*.] and contained.

XXIV.  And be it further enafied. That upon the (hipping Drawback of o/ai? wines in any port of Inland in (hips belonging fo his*®

Majefty's navy for the use of admirals, captains, or other com- ^"officevsef miflboed officers employed in his Majesty's service for their the navy, actual consumption on board such of his Majesty's (hips as they

(tall serve in, and for no other purpose, a drawback of the whole amount of the duties paid on the importation of such wines into Inland shall be allowed and paid under this aft * provided that nc such wines shall be (hipped on board any of his Majeity's (hips of war for the purpose aforesaid, other than in the presence aod under the care and inspection of an officer of the revenue to be from time to time appointed for that purpose by the com-mifSoners of his MajeAy*s revenue in Inland: provided alfo, that such wines shall be fo (hipped within three years from the importation thereof, and under such other regulations and re-ftiiflioos as may be from time to time made and required by the IwMieutenant or other chief governor or governors of /r#-iWand the privy council of Ireland for the time being.

XXV.  And be it further ena&ed. That upon all tobacco Drawlpcksoa manu&ftured in Ireland^ which shall be exported thence to any e*

place except to Great Britain* there shall be allowed, by way

drawback or compensation for the duty by this a& charged and (except to

paid on import of the leaf tobacco whereof it hath been manu- Great Bri-

fa£hired, and for the excife-duty by this act charged thereon, the

fum of ten-pence for every pound weight of such manufa&ured

tobacco, upon proof being made that such manufactured tobacco

paid the import and inland or excife-duties made payable by

(his a SL

XXVI.  And be it further enaded, That no cuftom, fubfidy, No duty ex* or duty whatever (hall, during , the continuance of this adt,

payable to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, upon the ex- on e^po^ portation from Ireland of any goods, wares, or merchandize the tion ofliifli produce or manufacture of Ireland not mentioned in the said produce, not fcheduie marked C, except the alnage duties; provided that due °i]I^ *° entry be filft made of all such goods, ware9, and merchandize at ^ c u thecuftom-houfe of the port where the fame shall be exported, which entry shall express the quantity and quality and the par- Qf ail goods ncolarsof each denomination of the goods fo to be exported, for exporta-and the particulars and contents of each package in which such *ion duty~ goods are exported, and the value thereof, and shall be made in free' til respects in the fame manner as the laws now in force in Ird$*d require in respect of any goods exported from Ireland

before

Duties of in-lam! eXcife and taxes IhMI be paid according to schedule F.

in lieu of all

Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Geokoii TII.c.26. [1804#

before rhe palling of this adl, and fo as the fame be (hipped at the places and times required by law, and in presence of the proper officer, and be by him examined, and fo as that the exporter of any goods the produce or manufacture of Ireland dor Aril nuke oath, or, if a known quaker, a solemn affirmation betore the cuftomer, comptroller, or other chief officer of such port, which oath or affirmation such officer is hereby required and empowered to adminifier, that such goods are of Irifb ma-nufa&ure or produce, or both, as the cafe may be^ and in default of performing such respective requi fires or any of them, such goods, wares, and merchandize shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of his Majesty's revenue.

XXVII.  And be it further enacted, That during the continuance of this a6t, there shall be raifed, collected, levied, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, upon the several goods, wares, and merchandize, articles and things mentioned, fet forth, and deferihed in the schedule marked F. hereunto annexed, the several sums of money, duties of inland excife, duties and taxes, as they are respectively deferibed, inferred, and fet forth in the said fchedule; which several duties and taxes *f‘*nier jUtit# Iball be *n l*cu anc^ fall fJtisfaiSlion of all duties of inland excise ctfc^nd taxes.anc* taxes granted by any former a£t or ads of the parliament of Ireland* or of the said United Kingdom, on any of the articles ^duties and things in the said schedule mentioned; except the duties on tmdfr i3*& 14 ^P‘r'ts or strong waters payable by virtue of an ad pafTcd in Geo. v(h)» Ireland in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his present c. 12. for Lagan Majesty's reign, intituled. An all for continuing and amending navigation.  fa era! aids* one pajfed in the reign of bis late majesty King

George the Second, and the other two in his prefertt Majeftfs reign* for making the river Lagan navigable* and opening a communication by water between Lough Neagh and the town of Belfaft ; and for enabling the commiffomrs therein named to raise money by alignment of the said duties* for the more expeditious and esse final carrying vn the said work\ and also except the duties payable by perlons hawking about trees, (hrubs, and plants for sale within the city of Dublin or five miles thereof; and by all persons felling or ex-pofing to sale within the said city or five miles thereof, in any f id l f ftan(J>  booth,  or  other  place  not being a part of or in

bottlfs, or old his or her dwelling-houfc, any new or old books, maps, prir.ts, clothes* or pamphlets, charts, or drawings; and by all persons who shall pawnbrokers, fell or expose to sale within the said city or five miles thereof, any additional glass bottles, not being respectively the makers or importers talier^b/fpi- thereof, a'uTnot felling wine, fpirits, beer, or ale; and by all tits in Dublin, persons who lhall fell or expose to sale within the said city or five &c. applicable miles thereof, old clothes in any (tall, (bed, booth, (hop, of other to the piir- place; and by every person carrying on the bulinels of a paven-?)ublin w.itch broker, within the said city or five miles thereof, f r every .houie under Ifiih in which such business shall be carried on; and also lave and ex* cept the additional duty of ten shillings payable to the fuper* intendant magi (hate of the district of the metropolis of Dubhn ry every person idling ipimsby retail within the laid city or within

five

And except duties on hawkers of trees, keepers ofhook-ftalh. fellers

afls,

35  G. 3«c. 36.

36  0.3. c. 30.

39  O. 3. c. 56.

40  G. 3. c. 6a.

I

|  1804.J  Annoregni quadragcfimo quarto Georgii III. c. z6.  33

iff miles thereof, over and above all other duties whatfotver, aif which said laft-mentioned duties are otherwise appropriated.

XXVID. And be it further eoalked, That, during the con-No duty on dnuance of this a&, no duty (ball be paid on any beer or ale Irifobeerur brewed within Ireland.  alc‘

XXIX.  And be it further enafied. That die several licences F°r what mentioned in the said schedule marked (F.) on which the rcfpec- ^nc^under tire duties mentioned therein shall be from time to time refpec- schedule (F.) lively paid by virtue of this ad, shall continue in force until the lhall laft. twenty-fifth day of March next after the date of such licences refpedively, and no longer; except such licences as shall be

panted to brewers, diftillers, maltfters, and redifiers of spirituous liquors, which licences shall respectively continue in force until the twenty-ninth day of September next after the date thereof, and no longer; and except licences to retailers of spirituous li-guors, which shall be in force until the twenty-ninth day of September in the year for which they shall begranted.

XXX.  And be it further enaded, That every person who Drawback on shall export spirits distilled in Ireland to any place except to cent! underf Great Britain, which shall be of a strength not less than a strength proof export-equal to five degrees or ten per tentum under hydrometer proof, ed, except to Hull be entitled to and shall receive three shillings and one penny Great Britain, halfpenny for every gallon of such fpirits, as and for a drawback

of the whole excise paid for the fame.

XXXI.  And be it further ehalted, That if the spirits fo to Additional be exported lhall be of a greater strength than of five degrees drawback under hydrometer proof, there shall be paid a further drawback ^‘^n^r°n after the rate of four-pence per gallon over and above the said fpirits,accord-fum of three shillings and one penny halfpenny for every four ing to their degrees which the said spirits shall exceed the strength before length, mentioned, and fo in proportion for any greater or lets quantity:

provided always, that no drawback on any one gallon of spirits shall exceed in the whole the Turn of four shillings and five-pence and one-twelfth part of a penny.

XXXII.  And be it further ensiled. That over and above the Bounty on

faid drawback on all spirits distilled in Ireland, and which shall co™ fP,rit#» be (hipped for exportation, except to Great Britain, there shall fc not above be allowed and paid to the person or persons exporting spirits ,3.,  p-r -

made and distilled from malt, made of com of the growth or pro- barrel, 4d. luce of Ireland, when the price of barley in Ireland, as afeertained P*1* *aUon-in the manner specified in an all pafied in Ireland in the twenty-*

third and twenty-fourth years of his Majesty's reign, intituled,

dn aH far regulating the corn trade,promoting agriculture, and pro- *5 * 14 G. 3-

vidittg a regular and fleadi /apply of corn in this kingdom, and for* *' c *9'

granting to his Mayfly, his heirs and fuccejfors, the duties therein

mentioned, shall not exceed thirteen millings and (ix-pence the

barrel, a bounty of four-pence for every gallon of such spirits out

of the duties hereby granted; but under the fame rules and

regulations, and fubjell to the fame fecurities, exceptions, rcftric-

tions, penalties, and forfeitures, as arc ensiled with rcfpeH to

tbe bounties on corn exported.

Voi. XLV.  D  XXXIII.  An*

Drawback of the whole duty on glass bottles.

Drawback of the whole duty on paper ex* ported.

Drawback on paper hangings, the whole duty.

XXXUI. And be it further ena&ed, That for and upon all bottles made of common bottle metal, which shall be made in Ireland, the duty which shall have been fc&ually paid thereon shall and may be repaid and allowed upon all such bottles as shall be exported as merchandize to foreign parts.

XXXIV*. And be it further ena&ed, That it shall and may be lawful for any person who shall have actually paid the duties imposed for or in respect of paper made in Ireland, and for any other person who shall buy or be lawfully entitled unto any such paper, from the person or persons who actually paid the duties for the fame, to.export such paper to any parts beyond the Teas, by way of merchandize, and to receive a drawback of all the duty actually paid thereon.

XXXV. And be it further ena&ed. That it shall and m?y be lawful for any person who shall have actually paid the duty charged in Ireland, on anv printed, painted, or stained paper hangings made in Ireland^ and for any other person who shall buy or be lawfully entitled to any such paper hangings, from the 4 person who actually paid the duty charged on the fame, to export such paper hangings to any foreign parts by way of merchandize, and such exporter shall receive a drawback of the whole of such duty actually paid thereon.

^erhan^^” XX3£YI- And be it further ena&ed, That there shall be paid lng^in re^>t& an<^ aH°we^ *° every printer, painter, or ftainer of paper hang-of the duty  ings, a drawback of the duty charged on all paper made in

on paper. Ireland after the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, which shall be manufa&ured by him into paper hangings, on proof upon oath being made to the satisfaction of the chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue in Ireland, of the quantity of paper fo ufed, ^nd that such paper was not made prior to the said day, and that the duty by this a& chargeable thereon was paid.

XXXVII.  And be it funher ena&ed, That upon the expor-

r pound.  tal*on of  any hides and (kins and pieces of hides  and (kins

Faichmentthe  tanned or  drefied in oil in Ireland, or of any vellum  or parch-

whol? duties $ meat made in Ireland\ on which the duties charged on the manu-andmanufac- fa&ure thereof in the said schedule marked (F.) shall have been paid, there shall be allowed and repaid to the person or persons exporting  the fame refpe&ively, a drawback of one  penny on

every pound weight avoirdupois of all such hides and  (kins and

pieces of hides and (kins; and a drawback equal to the duties charged oq aft such vellum and parchment by the said schedule and a&Mally pajd thereon; and upon the exportation of any such tanned leather manufa&ured in Ireland into goods and wares of tanned leather oqly, or of which such tanned leather is the molt valuable part, to any place except Great Britain, there shall be aftpwed and repaid a drawback of one penny halfpenny on every pound weight avoirdupois.

XXXVIII.  And be it further ena&ed, That fo much of the duties by this a& imposed on raw and untanned hides exported* and on linked oil, chocolate, and cocoa-nuts imported, as (hall

remain*

Drawback on leather id.

tured leather id. iq. per pound.

On leather roanyfa&pres id. %q. per pound.

Refidue of duties on hides exported, See. applicable to

lax

1804.] Annoregni quadragcfimo quarto Georgii III. c. 46.  35

remain, after deducing the hereditary duties to the crown encouraging thereon, shall be paid, and issued by tne commissioners of hisj?^n^ °* Majesty's treasury of Inland for the time being, to the trustees for encouraging the linen, and hempen manufactures of Ireland* to be by them applied towards encouraging the railing of flax feed in Ireland.  Duties, fcc.

XXXIX.  And be it further enabled, That all duties paid to, applicable to aod all sums granted to the trustees of the linen and hempen hnf° manu-msmifadtures shall be exemped from the payment of all fees. empTfroiu*-

XL. And be it further enacted, That the several sums granted fai. by this adt, or by any other a& of parliament in force in Ireland, Application of and appropriated to encourage the raising of fiifficient. quantities sums granted of flax feed and hemp, and for the encouragement of the hempen for ratting manufacture of the provinces of Leinfter, Munfler, and Connaught, ®ax  ^c-

(hall be applied to such purposes only, and no other; and that a frparate and distinct account shall be kept by the proper officer of the application thereof* and laid before parliament.

XLL And be it further 'enabled, That all monies to arise **• ** du*T from the respective duties of two shillings and fix-pence, and*cj^£e"fr,e# two-pence, in the said fehedule, marked (D.) mentioned, upon Dublin, entries inwards and outwards, in the port of Dublin^ and upon and *</.duty certain (hips and vessels trading to Ireland, shall be received by Jj® trading the collector of the said port of Dublin, and by the several col- 1,p8f lefiors of the respective ports where the said (hips and vessels shall arrive refpe&ively; and the said collectors are hereby re-fpedivdy authorised to demand and receive the fame, and the said duties shall be by the said collectors paid at the receipt of shall be paid his Majesty's exchequer in Ireland; and the commissioners of his *"to the cx" Majesty's treasury in Ireland for the time being shall cause fix- * c9jj“n pence of the said duty of two shillings and' fix pence in the said fppf|Cable fehedule mentioned tp be paid to the tiuftees of the Royal Ex- to Dublin change in the city of Dublin, to be by them applied towards Royal Ex-keeping the fame in repair, and towards'the discharge of the change, and wages of servants employed therein; and the residue of the said co%orarion° duty of two shillings and (ix^pence to therorporation for erecting for commer-buildings for commercial purposes, ro be by them applied to-dal buildings, wards the discharge of the interest of such monies as have been borrowed or {hall be borrowed, not exceeding in the whole thirteen thousand pounds, for erecting and finishing the said buildings, and towards difeharging the principal, and to and for no other purpose, tQ be accounted for before the commissioners of imprest accounts in Inland.

XLII. And be it further enabled, That all and every the Duties not rates, duties, impoittions, and taxes granted by this a&, and not otherwiie ap-hereby appropriated or directed to be applied to any particular use fl™i^c?irried or ufes, purpose or purposes, the necessary charges of raising and to Irithconfo-accounting for the fame being dedu&ed, shall be carried to and lidated fund; be part of the consolidated fund of Ireland; and that the sum « also fee8 of fix-pence per pound, and allot her fees which shall or may  exche-

rayable to the lord high-treafurer or commissioners for executing qUcr. the office of lord high-treafurer of lreland% clerk of the pells, or

d %  eny

36 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 26. [1804.

any other officer of the treafory of Ireland, upon issuing or payment of anv sum or fum* of money out of the eonfolidated find of Inland, mall be carried to the said eonfolidated fund, in aid and addition to the duties hereby granted, and shall be accounted for accordingly.

XLIII. And be it further enaded, That neither the sum of fix-pence per pound, nor any other fee, shall be payable to or be deduced or received by any officer or officers of the treasury of Inland for or on account of the ifTuing or payment of any sum or sums of money in discharge of any part of the national debt of Ireland, or of any interest or annuities on the fame. v^u>ur>wis.>, XLIV. And be it further enabled. That no cambricks or kceimported, *awnt, nor gold or silver lace, except of the manufadure of except of the'  Great Britain, shall be imported into Ireland under the penalty

manufacture or forfeiture of all such cambricks, lawns, and lace, and treble of Great Bn- the value thereof, and of the forfeiture of the ship or vessel in forfeited tec  the  feme  (hall  be imported, with all her guns, tackle,

All dutks un- fur?--“-e» »mrnUn»io_n> ?«d apparel, der this aft

No fees on payment of mtereft or annuities.

Cambricks,

iball be col lifted as un* der excise »ft, 14 U15 Car. s. & 8.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That all the several duties, rates, and impositions hereby granted upon goods, wares, and merchandize, imported into and exported from Ireland, (except as to such of the said duties as may by law be bonded during such time only as such duties shall not be demandable) and all penalties and forfeitures in respect thereof, and all inland or excise duties or taxes by this aft granted and expreiTed in the schedule (F.) hereunto annexed, shall be raifed, levied, colle&ed, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and futcefTors, in the (ime manner, and under such powers and authorities, and by such ways and methods, and according to such rules and directions, and under such penalties and forfeitures, a$ are appointed, directed, and expressed for the raifing, colleding, levying, paying, and managing of duties payable on goods, wares, and merchandize, imported into and exported from Ireland, in and by an afl of parliament made in Ireland in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of his late majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, dn I aft for settling of the excise or new impojl upon his Majesty, his heirs , and fucceJfors% according to the book of rates therein inferted\ and by 1 any other aft or alts in force in Ireland^ relating to the revenue of customs and excife, or either of them, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame were herein expressed < and enabled, with the like remedy of appeal to and for the party or parties aggrieved, as in and by the said laft-mentioned aft, parted in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his said late majesty King Charles the Second, or any other ad or afts as aforesaid, is provided.

Duties ftiaU be XL VI. And be it further enacted, That all the duties, draw-cuirwcyand  bounties,  allowances,  and  taxes,  in  this  aft and the re-

in proportion fpe&ive schedules hereunto annexed, fpecified, mentioned, and to the tale, contained, shall be paid and payable, and received and receivable, &c*°* in Irijb currency; and that the said duties, drawbacks, allow* ances, bounties, and taxes, shall be paid and received upon the

fcveral

iSofJ Anno regni quadragefirno quarto Georgii III. c. 26.' 3?

fatrzl articles and things in this ad, and the respective schedules hereunto annexed, fpecified, mentioned, and contained, accord-to the tale, weight, gauge, meafure, or value of the said articles rdpedivdy fpecified, and also in proportion upon any greater or Hi number, weight, quantity, meafure, or value, of such articles, matters, and things, refpedively.

XLVII. And be it further ena&ed, That this a& {hall be Continuance and continue in force until and upon the twenty-fifth day of °*

March one thousand eight hundred and five, and no longer.

XLVni. And be it further enaded. That this ad may be ^ft may be mended, altered, or replied, by any aft or ads to be made in this prefern fedfioa of parliament.  feffion.

SCHEDULES

I

38 Anno regniquadragcfimd quarto Grorgii 111. c. 26. [1804.. SCHEDULES to which this Aft refers.

Schedule (A.)

A Schedule of the Net Duties payable on Importation into Ireland, of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, therein enumerated or defcribed, (not being the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain); and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the due Exportation thereof from Ireland.

INWARDS.

A.

Adianthum, the lb. -Agates, viz.

——— Polifhed, or otherwise manufactured, for every £, 100 of the value •

-----Rough, small as a bean, the 100 dozen -

——— Rough, large, the piece -

-------Rough, fmall, not otherwise defcribed, for every

£. 100 of the value  -  -  -

Ale. See Beer.

Alkali, not particularly enumerated or defcribed, or otherwise charged with duty, for every /. 100 of the value -

-------Sal. See Sal Alkali.

Alkanet Root, the lb.

Alkermes ConfeCtio, the oz. troy -Syrup,, the lb

Almond Pafte, for every £. 100 of the value -Almonds, viz.

.......■■ Bitter, the cwt. -

p — — Jordan, the cwt. -  -  -

-----— in the (hell, the cwt. -

----------of  any  other  fort,  the  cwt.  -

----------Oil  of. See Oil.

Aloes, viz.

-----Succotrina, or Socotorina, the lb.

*----Hepatica, and any other fort, the lb.

Alum, viz.

-------Roch Alum, the cwr.

(If for dyers* * ufe, free.)

Amber, the lb. -  -  -  -4

, ——— Beads. See Beads.

-------Oil of. See Oil.

Ambergris, the oz. troy -  -  -  -

Ambra Liquida, for every £. too of the value -Ammoniacum, viz.

«-------—.----Gum. See Gum Ammoniacus.

■  -  ■■■■■ Sal. See Sal Ammoniacus.

Duties.  Drawback.

£. u- d.  £•

0 0 4  O  O

20 5 4  1613 4

052  038

002  0 0 r

20 j 4  16 13 4

33 0 0  h>  vO  00  O

0  

006  004

017  012

024  022

w  0  0  29 8 0

0 15 8  ° 13 J

1 5 11  0 18 11

0 10 3  0 7 3

1 1 7  0 18 7

018  017

0 0 10  009

O  O  00 .  O  00

0 0 II  0 0 10

0 2 2  0 a 0

33 0 0  29 8 0

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Anchor Stocks. See Wood.

Anchovies, the.barrel, qt. 16 lbs* of fish Angelica, the lb.

Antmi Gum. See Gum*

Anifeed. See Seed.

—— Oil of. See Oil*

Annotto, the lb. -  -  -  •

(If for dyers* ufe, free.)

Antitnonium, viz.

■  ■ -- - Crudum, the cwt. -

(If for dyers* ufe, free.)

----------Preparatum, or Stibium, the lb* -

Apparel, for every £. 100 of the value -

And an additional duty, by the lb. or by the yard, on the materials of which fitch apparel is made, according to the rcfpedlive rates to which fucb materials are fubjedt.

Apples, the bufhel

—— dried, the bushel  -  -  -  -'

Aqua-fords, the cwt. -

(If for dyers' ufe, free.)

Arabic Gum. See Gum.

Arangoes. See Beads.

Archelia. See Orchelia.

Argentum Vivum. See Quickfilver*

Argol, the cwt. -  -  -  •

(If for dyers* ufe, free.)

Ariftolochia, or Birthwort, the lb. •

Armoniac. See Bole Armoniacum.

JS"' } Sec Spirits.

Arrow Root, the cwt.  -  -  *  *

•---------of the growth or produce of the Britiih plan-

tations or colonies in America, the cwt. ■ of the produce of the United States of America, See Schedule (B.)

Arfcnic, the cwt.  -  -  -

(If for dyers* ufe, free.)

Afa-foetida, the lb.  -  -  -  -

Alarum Root, the lb. -  -  -  -

Alhes of all forts, free.

Afphaltum, or Bitumen Judaicum, the lb.

Afes, for every £. 100 of the value Auripigmentum. See Orpiment.

B.

Bacon and Hams, the cwt. -get Skins. See Skins*

Duty.  Drawback.

L d.  !• dt

040  026

006  005

006  005

090  076

006  005

33 0 0  29 8 0

008  005

0 * 5  0 0 11

037  

063  040

O  O  VI  006

240  1 10 0

6 II 0  0 10 0

CO  OO  O  060

007  006

006  005

004  003.

20 5 4  16 13 4

6117  097

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Balks. See Wood.

Balls, viz.

—  Tennis Balls, the 1000  -

» m ■ Wattling Balls, the lb.

Balm of Gilead. Sec Balfam Natural.

Balfam, viz.

•  ---— Artificial, the lb.

•  -----Canada, the lb.

—— Copaiva, or Capivi, the  lh.

—  -■— Natural, the lb. -  -  -

— not other wife enumerated or defcribed, for every £. 100 of the value -Band-ftrings, the dozen knots -

---------  ,  if of filk, or mixed with (ilk, a further

duty for every lb.

Band-ftring Twift, the dozen knots •-

....——- if of lilk, or mixed with filk, a

further duty for every lb» Barbedocs Tar. See Tar.

Barilla, free, as Aihes.

Bark, viz.

—  or Hemlock, being for tanning or dyers' ufe, free.

•  --Jefuit's. See Cortex Peruvianas.

■  --not otherwise enumerated or defcribed, for every

£. too of the value Barley. See Corn.

■  ■ ■» - bulled. See Pearl Barky.

Barras. See Canvas in Linen.

Barr Wood, if for dyers' ufe, free.

Baiket Rods, the bundle, not exceeding three feet in circumference at the band -Bafkets, viz.

—^— Hand Balkets, the dozen  -

----— Wicker Baikets, for every £. 100 of the value

Baft or Straw Hats or Bonnets. See Hats.

—  ■  1  Platting  or  other  mariufadure  of  bast

or straw for making hats or bonnets. See Platting.

Baft Ropes, the cwt. -

ISin* *. }S“Wood.

Battery, Bath rones, and Kettles, the cwt.  -

Bayberries. See Berries.

Bay Yarn. See Woollen Yam in Yam.

Beads, vie.

Amber Beads, the lb. - .

----Arangoe, for every £. too of the value > -

Duty.  Drawback.

£• *• ^  £• f- d.

* * 4  01% 4

006  00 5

017  014

008  006

Oil  009

0 III  0 1 10

33 o 0  29 8 0

0 8 3  069

5 11 10  5 11 10

0. 3 5  03a

5 11 to  5 11 19

33 0 0  29 8 •

O  M  O'  014

015  012

20 j 4  16 1* 4

019  0 1 4

2 19 9  2 11 2

074  063

33 0 0  29 8 0

iSofj Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Geobgix HI. c. 26.  41

SCHEDULE (A.>—INWARDS.

Bads, continued.

Bone, or Bor, the great gross  -

—Box. See Bone.

—  Coral beads, the lb.  -

— Chryftal beads, the 1000  -

*>— Glau, for every/. 100 of the value

—  Jafper, the 100 (tones -

—  Jet Beads, the lb. -  -

—  not otherwise enumerated or deferibed, for every

£. 100 of the value  ....

Bans. See Corn.

—  Kidney or French Beans as Garden Seeds in

Seeds. See Seeds.

KSL }»-«*■•

-----Wool. See Wool.

Bed Feathers. See Feathers.

Beech Boards. 7

—  Plank. > See Wood.

—  Quarters, j

Beef, whether salted or otherwife, as Provifions.

Beer, viz.

---Mom, the barrel, qt. 32 gallons ...

---Spruce Beer, the barrel, qt. 32 gallons -

---or Ale of all other forts, the barrel, qt. 32 gallons

Bees Wax. See Wax.

Bed Metal. See Meta1.

Bebidere Ratlins. See Ratlins.

Benjamin, the lb.  -  -  -

Sere or Bigg. See Corn.

Bergamot, ellence of, for every 100 of the value -Berlins as Carriages.

-----Bay, the cwt. -  -  -  .  -

(If for dyers' ufe, free.)

——• Juniper, the cwt.  -  -

(If for dyers'ufe, free.)

. Yellow, for every £. 100 of the value (If for dyers' ufe, free.)

■— not otherwise enumerated or deferibed, not being drugs, and not being for the purpole of dyeing, for every £. of the value Birds, Singing Birds, the dozen •  .»  .  »

Bifcuits. ' See Bread.

Bitumen Judaicum. See Afphaltum.

Blacking, the cwt. ~  *  *

Bbck Latten. See Latten.

Black Lead. See Lead.

Bladders, for every £. too of the value *

Duty.

£• s. d.

o 10 10

0  it q

1  o q 83 16 5

o 18 8 o 1 8

33 o o

1 1 4 *10 10 0 it a

0 1 9 [33 o c 062

o « 1 120 5 4

r° 5 • 3

o iS

20 5

Drawback.

29 8 o

0  18 6

1  7 6

o 10 o

017 29 8 o .05 * .0 o 11 16 13 4

4 16 13

10 o 2

7 .0 13 4116 13

4i Atino regniquadragefimo qu&to GeDrgii III. c. 26. f 18c

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.  Duty.  Drawbat

Blades for Foils, the dozen - - -    £.

  0 2 9  O 2

  for Razors, the dozen -  022  O t

Blankets, or Blanketing, the square yard * Blubber* See Train Oil in Oil.  Boards. See Wood.  0.7 6  x 6

Bole Armoniac, or Armehian Bole, the cwt. -Bone Lace. See Lace.  Bones and Hoofs of Cattle, for every/. 100 of the  0 $ t  0 1

value ..... Bonnets. See Hats.  2° s 4  16 13

Books bound, the cwt. -  306  2 Q

—— unbound, the cwt.  Boom Span. See Span in Wood.  1 17 O  *  I IX

Borax refined, the lb.  —— unrefined, or Tinea!, the lb.  Bottles, viz.  ■ —■ ' of Earth, or^Stone, the dozen bottles —— of Glafs, covered with wicker, for every £. 100  016  004  0 3 1  0 00

of the value -  not of less content than one pint, and not  83 16 4  80 4 <

being Phials, for every £. 100 of the value -Note, Flafks in which wine or oil is imported are not subject to duty as such.  Bowls, or Buckets of wood, not bound with iron, the  83 16 4  80 4 4

dozen -Bowfprits. See Mads in Wood. Boxes, viz..  0 1 3  Oil

  Dreding Boxes, for every £. ico of the value  20 5 4  16 13 4

neft qt. 8 boxes - -  *— pill Boxes, the gross of 12 dozen nefts, each  0 17 2  0 14 11

neft qt. 4 boxes - - -■ — " Snuff Boxes, not being silver or gold, for every  O O N1 to  008  042

£. 100 of the value ... Box Wood. See Wood.  Bracelets or Necklaces of Glafs, for every £• 100 of  33 0 0  IO  NO  00  0

the value - .... Brandy. See Spirits.  Brafs Manufactures, not particularly enumerated or deferibed, or otherwise charged with duty, for  83 16 5  80 4 5

every £. 100 of the value -» - Old. See ShrufF.    Wire. See Wire.  Brazil Wood. See Wood.  Brazilletto Wood. See Wood.  33 0 0  29 8 0

18047 Ando regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 16. 43    

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.  Duty.  Drawback.

Bread or Bikruits. See Provifions. Bricks, the 1000 - -  £. x. d. 059  £. X. d. 0 5 0

Brioftooe, the cwt. -  022  0 X ,2

Note. For the conditions and regulations under which the duty on brimstone may be drawn back on being used in certain manufactures, See 46 Geo. 3. chap. 43. since continued.    

Bridles, viz.

•-------- drefled, the dozen lbs, -

---------------of  Mufcovy  or  Ruffia,  imported  in

foreign (hipping, the dozen lbs. -------rough or undrefled, the dozen lbs.

—  —  of  Mufcovy  or Ruffia, im-

ported in foreign (hipping, the dozen lbs. -

Broken Glafs. See Glafs.

Bronze Figures and Wares, for evcry^. jooof the value Blooms, Flag Brooms or Whilk Brooms, for every £.iooof the value -Bruges or Bridges Thread. See Thread.

Buck or Deer Skins. See Skins.  *

Buckets of Wood. See Bowls of Wood#

Bugle great, the lb. -  -  •  4  -

------ froall or feed, the lb.  -  -

Bullion or Foreign Coin of gold or filver, free.

Burs for Mili-Stones. See Stones.

Burrachas. See Indian Rubber.

Bufts or Figures of marble or (tone, for every £. ioo of the value  ------

—  not particularly enumerated or defcribed, or

otherwife charged with duty, for every £.100 of the value  -  - - -  -

Batter as Provifions.

C.

Cables, tarred or untarred, the cwt# -  -

Cable Yarn. See Yarn.

Caddas or Crewel Ribband, the dozen pieces, not exceeding It inches in breadth, each peace qt. 36 yards  -

—  and further if of (ilk or mixed with (ilk, for every

lb. thereof  -.  -  -  *.

Caffoy, the yard  *-  .  -

—— and further if of silk or mixed with filk, for every lb. thereof

0 5 10

33 o 26 8

o x

29 8 17 4

20 5 4

*0 5 3

o 19 1

o 12 8

5 11 10 o 2 11

5 11 jo

8

o

2

o

4

4

1613 4 1613 4

016 9

095

S 11 10 o a 1

5 11 10

1

SCHEDULE ( A.)—INWARDS.

Cake Lac. See Gum Lac.

Calabar Skins. _ See Skins.

Calaminaris Lapis. See Lapis. '

Calamus, the lb.  -  r

Calavanus gs Provifions Callicoes, viz.

—  --white, the yard  -

——printed, painted, Rained or dyed, or partly

dyed after weaving, the yard C&tves' Skins, Se$ Skins.

Caroeletto, half filk, half h?ir, the yard

*»* ----gnd further, for every lb. thereof -  -

Ombogium. See Gamboge.

Camel Hair* Sec Hair.

--------or Mohair Yarn. Sec Ygrn.

Campmile Flowers, the jb. -  -

Camphire, viz.

*•=—*---refined, the lb.  -  -

--------unrefined, the lb.

Cam Wood. See Wood.

Canada Balfam. See Balfam.

Canary Seed. See Seed. .

Candles, viz.

■  — ■  ■■ Spenpaceti, the cwt. -

—  -Tallow, the cwt. -

—  -Wax, the cwt.  -

Candlewick, the cwt. -

Cane Hats or Bonnets. See Hats.

—  Platting, or othpr manufacture of cane to make

hats or bonnets. See Platting.

Canes, viz.

——— Rattans, for.every £.100 of the value -  -

-7------Reed Qanes, the 1000  -  -  .  -

(If for manufacturers' ufe, free.)

■  ■— Walking Cajpcs, not being mounted, the 1000 Cans of wood, not bound with iron, the dozen . -Cantharides, the lb. ..... Canvas. .See Linen.

Capers, the lb. -  -  -

Capita Papaverum, or Poppy Heads, the 1000 - -Caps of cotton, for every £*iop of the value -1—^ of wpelleu or wprfted, for every £. 100 of the value Cardamonps, the lb.

Cards, playing -cards, the dozen oacks - -Cariophylvorcm Oleum, a$ oil of oloves, in oil. Carmenia Wool, as Qpat's Hair. See Hair.

Duty.  DrawHad

£»• *•  £. s. a

004  0 0

053  0 4 1

0 6 1  0 5

<>3 7  0 3

5 M JC  5 IX 1

002  0 0 ;

0 1 8  0 1 1

0 0 IC  0 0 i

2 1 10  1 13 ie

103  0 ifr a

2 II A  i 0 6

O 16 4  0 »3 3

20 5 4  16 13 *

048  0 0 5

J 10 0  3 15 0

0 i 3  0 1 0

022  0 x 5

003  ° 0 i

025  0 x *

44 0 0  40 8 0  T Q Q

44 0 0  40 » °  1 , ft

01 1  0 X 0

1 15 7  i 15 3

SCHEDULE (A.}—INWARDS.

Carpets of Turkey, qt. left than four yards fquare, the carpet  -  -

-------- * ■ —  ■ - qt. four yards fquare, or upwards,

the carpet  -  - *  *

■ ■ not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, for every j£.iob of thfe value -  -  -

Caoabe or Succinum, as Amber. See Amber. Canaway Seeds. See Seeds.

Carriages, with or without the appurtenances, for every £•100 Of the value  -#

-  — - and for further duty on the harness by the Ibv

If of Leather. See Leather manufactured. If of Silk. See Silk manufactured. Catthafous Seed. See Seed.

Carui Oleum, as Oil of Carraway. See Oil. CaihewGum. See Gum.

-----Nuts. See Nuts.

Calks, empty, the tun of 252 gallons content •  -

Cafia, viz.

-----Buds, fok evfery £.100 of the value -  *  i

-  Fiftula, the lb. -

—— Lignea, the lb.  -  -  -  -

Caftor, the lb.  -  -  -  -

-----Oil of. See Oil.

Catlings, or LuteftringS, the grdfs of 12 dozen knots Cat Skins. See Skins.

Catde alive, viz. bulls, cows, oxen, or fteers, for every £.100 of die value' -Caviare, the C<vt. -  -  •

Cayenne Pepper. See Pepper.

Cerufla, as White Lead.

Cfatifefs,a$ Carriage*. '

Chalk, for every £.100 of the value ‘  -

Chamarmeli Flores. See Camomile Flowers.

Chamiefs, viz.

1  unwatered,  or  mohair^ the yard -  -

——— watered, the yard -  -

—— half filk, half hair, the yard

-  I and further, if made of, or mixed with ftlk,

for every lb. thereof -Chariots, as Carriages.

Cheefe, the cwt. -  .  -

Chemical Oil. See Oil.

Cherries, the cwt. «

Chelhuw. See Nuts.

Duty.

1. Sd.

0  10 ic

1  10 7

33 o 20 s 4

Drawbick.

£' s‘ dt

0  5 IO

1  3 11

19 8 o 16 13 4

0  5  9  0  4 *«  

33  0  0  29  8  0

0  0  7  0  0  6

0  1  2  6  1  1

0  3  c  0  2  9

0  1  11  0  1  2

20  5  4  16  !3  4

0  8  9  0  6  5

20  5  4  16  *3  4

*0  0  9  0  0  7

0  1  3  0  0  11

0  2  2  0  1  8

5  11  1C  5  11  13

0  2  £  0  1  8

0  7  . c  0  3  8

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.  Duty.  Drawbxc

Chefts of Iron, fmall, the piece not exceeding in length  £. t. d.  £. s. <2

one yard - - . -■ — large, the piece exceeding in length one  i *3 4  * 9

yard - -Chimney Pieces of marble or stone fculptured, as done fculptured.  a 10 7  2 3

China Roots, the lb.  China, Porcelaine, or Earthen Ware, not particularly enumerated or deferibed, or otherwise charged with  022  O 2  *  1

duty, for every £> 100 of *he value -Chip Hats or Bonnets. See Hats.  —- Manufaftures of, to make hat? or bonnets. See Platting.  £  O  O  40 8 1

Chocolate, the lb. -  0x5  0 1 :

Cider, the tun, of 25* gallons. -Cinders. See Coals.  Cinnabar. See Vermillion.  2x6  1.10 (  1

Cinnabaris Nativa, the lb.  018  0 1 (,

Cinnamon, the lb.  Cinamoni Oleum, as Oil of Cinnamon. See Oil.  022  0 i q

Citterns of Latten, the lb.  Citron, viz;  —— preserved with fait, for every j£.ioo of the value      preserved with Sugar, as Succards. SeeSuccards.  00 0 O O  0 *0  CO  0 0 6 29 8

Civet, the oz. troy. .... Clap Boards. See Boards in Wood.  Clay, fine clay and land clay, free.  029  018

Clocks, of wood, for every £.ico of the Value - -not of wood, for every £.100 of the value -Cloths, Woollen, as Drapery old or new. See Drapery. Clover Seed. See Seed.  20 5 4 33 0 0  16 13 4 29 8

Cloves, the lb.  0 3 3  030

Coals, Culm, or Cinders, the ton  Note, Coals is fubjtft to a further duty of Is. id. per ton when imported into Dublin harbour (and not for the ufc of the glafs, fugar, or fait manufd&ories); said duty to be fully drawn back on exportation, fee 23 and 24 Geo. III. chap. 31. in force until the 25th of March 1810.  027  020

Cobalt, or Zaffre, for every £. 100 of the value - • (If for dyers' or manufa&ures' ufe, free.)  20 5 4  16 13 4

Cochineal, the lb. -(If for dyers'ufe, free.)  0 Oil  001

Cocoa Nuts, the lb. -  015  0 1 4

Cocculus Indicus, the lb. . -  010  0 1 8

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Coffee, viz.

*----the produce of any British colony or plantation

in America, the cwt. -

—  —the produce of any other country or place, the

cwr. -(Subj^dt also to a duty of cxcife.)

For the conditions, regulations, and rertnotions under which coffee may on importation be warehoufed,on paying down 31. 6d. per cwt* and securing the remainder of the duty by bond, See A&s relating thereto.

Coin, viz.

—— of Copper. See Copper.

—— of Gold or Silver, free.

Cole Seed. See Seed.

Colophcnia, or White Rofin, the cwt. -Colours for Painters. See Painters* Colours.

Colombo Root, the lb. - * -Combs of Ivory, for every £* 100 of the value - -Comfir*, the lb. -----  -

Coney Skins. See Skins.

-----Wool. See Wool.

Contrayerva Radix. See Radix.

Copaiba or Capivi Balfam. See Balfam.

Copal Gum. See Gum.

Copper, viz.

-----Ore, the cwt. -

-—— unwrought, viz.

-----Copper Bricks, Jfcofe Copper, and all Caft

Copper, the cwt. -

-----in plates, and copper coin, the cwt.

-—-part wrought, hammered or raifed, bars, rods, or ingots, the cwt.  -

——Manufactures not particularly enumerated or deferibed, or otherwise charged with duty, and copper- plate engraved, for every £. 100 of the value ------

—  Wire. See Wire.

Copperas, viz.

-------- blue,  the  cwt. -  -

——green, the cwt. -

(If for dyers* ufe, free.)

.— white, the cwt. -Cora], viz.

—  Beads. See Beads.

—  in fragments, the lb.

---whole, pol idled, the lb.  -  -

t—■■ unpoliflied, the lb.

Duty.  DrawoaUc.

£. s. d.  £. i. d»

O  O  to  4 16 1

6 17 10  6 13 ip

o + 5  0 3 10

0 0 10  009

33 0 0  29 8 0

0 1 10  010

019  Oil

° 11 3  070

0 1+ 7  0 10 4

1 9 8  018 8

33 0 0  29 8 0

082  0 5 9

003  —

0 8 10  070

012  010

0 JO 0  066

0 8 1  064

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Cordage, tarred or tintarred, the cwt. -  «■  -

Cordial Water. See Spirits.

Cordivant Skins. See Skins.

Coriander Seed. See Seed.

Cork, the cwt. -

Corks, ready made, the gross of 12 dozen ... Corn or Grain, for the duties thereon, See. A^s relating thereto.

Corn Powder. See Gunpowder.

Cortex, viz.

——— Augufturae, the lb.  -

-----—Elutheriae or Cafcarilla, the lb. - ‘ -

Limonium or Aurentiorum, or Lemon Or Orange-peel, the lb. _  .

—;-----Peruvianusor Jefuii's Bark* the lb.

— Simaroube, the lb.

■  — ■ Winteramus, the lb. -  -  •

—— not otherwise enumerated or deferibed, for every £.100 of the value  -

Cotton Manufacture. See Muilin.

-------Thread. See Thread.

—— Twift. SeeTwift.

-------Wool. Set Wool. •

—1— Varn. See Yarn.

Cow or Ox Hair* See Hair.

-------——Hides. See Hides.

Cow-itch, the lb.  -

Cows. See Cattle.

Cranberries, for every £. 100 of the value -  -

Crayons, for every  100 of the value  -

Cream of Tartar, tihe cwt. -  -

Crewel Ribband. See Caddas.

Crout, Sour, as Provilions.

Cryftal, viz. •

Beads. See Beads..

~ broken in pieces, the lb. -  *

— ■ ■■ not particularly enumerated or deferibed, or otherwise charged with duty, for every^.100 of the value -  - .  -  -

Cucumbers, pickled or preferred, for every £• 100 of the value -  -  -  «■

Calm as Coals.

Cummin Seed. See Seed.

Currants, viz,

—— imported in {hipping of the United Kingdom, the cwt. - .  -

■  ■ ■■  -  ■  in  foreign  (hipping,  the  cwt.

Cuttle ^oncs, the xoco -

Duty.  Draw tat

  £• *• -

0 18 0  0 16

056  0 4

0 1 11  0 1 1

V  i  *  «

0 (Jr's  J  O O

0 ,d ,3  0 0

003  O O

° 1 5  ° 1

008  O O 1

006  O O

Oo  wo  0  0  29 8 <

o z

20

20

o

S 4 5 4 9<ai

o x 7

jj 0 o 31,0 o

X II o 1 IS 2

o 8.10

o I G

»613 4 1613 4 © 5 M

0 * .5

29 8 0 29 8 0

196 1 13 8 08a

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

TT

Duty.

D.

Damafk Tabling or Napkining. See Linen.

Data, the cv*t.

uu }S“w^-

Deer Skins. See Skins.

Denia I^aifins. See Raifins*

Dugudium. See Scamony.

Diamonds, Pearls,Emeralds, Rubies, and all other preci* ous Stones and Jewels, for every £. ioo of the value Diaper. See Linen.

Dice, for every pair

Dimity, for every £. ioo of the value

— - and further for every square yard -  -

D^MbSUns.} S«Ski"t-

Down, for every £>ioo of the value -

Drapery, viz*

——old, the yard ■  -  -

----■---new, the yard -

Drawings, for every £. ioo of the value  -

Drillings. See Linen.

Drugs, not particularly enumerated or defcribed, or otherwise charged with duty, and not being for the purposes or dyeing, for every £.ioo of the value -----

£, s

1 12 1

3 *9 2

o 14 10 20 5 4 021

20 5 4

1 8 7 0 .7 8 33 0 0

33 o o

E.

Earth Red, as Raddle. See Raddle.

Earthen-ware, not particularly enumerated or defcribed, or otherwise charged with duty, for every £.100 of the value -Ebony. See Wood.

ElaAic Bottles or Barrachas. See Indian Rubber. Elbing Canvas. See Canvas in Linen.

Eleborus. See Helebore.

Eicon Gum. See Gum.

Elephant's Teeth, the lb. -Elk Hair. See Hair.

— Skins. See Skins.

Eateralds. See Diamonds.

Emery, the lb. -  »  -  •  —  -

—— Stones.- See Stones.

Enamel, for every £.100 of the value -Emula Csmpana Radix. See Radix.

Voi, XLV.  K

44 o o

O O*' 2

OOI

33 o o

Drawback.

£.  S.d.

I 7 9

072

o 14 o 16 13 4 0 2 1

16 13 4 I 7 9

29 8 o

40 8 o

001

001 29 8 o

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Erengii Radix. See Radix.

Ermine Skins. See Skins.

Eflence of Lemon, the Jb.  - .

—— of Spruce, for every £.100 of the value - -—— ■ not particularly enumerated or defcribed, or otherwise charged with duty, for every £. 100 of the value  -

Eftrich Feathers. See Oftrich Feathers, in Feathers. Eftrich Wool. See Wool.

Euphorbium, the lb. -  -  -  -

E.

Fans, at Haberdafbery.

Fan-mounts, of leather, for-every /.too of the value '  and further Tor every lb. thereof

Faro Raiiins. See Aaifins.

Feathers for Beds, the cwt. - - -  -

**-------Oftridge or Eftridge, d re fled or undrelled, for

/  every/.100 of the value -

•* *" ...Vulture, ror every £.100 of the value -  -

—  ■ ■ 11. not particularly enumerated or defcribed, or

otherwife charged with duty (and not being Bed Feathers), fix every  ioo of the value

Fechia Afhes, as A flies. See Aihes.

Fennel Seeds. ) c c .

Fenugreek Seeds.} Seeds.

Ferret Ribband, per gross of 12 dozen ...

—  — - " 1 if of filk, or mixed with filk, a further

duty per lb. of Fiddles fdr children, as Toys.

Figs, viz.

—  imported In Ihips of the United Kingdom, the

cwt. -  -  -

in foreign (hipping, the cwt. -Filtering Stones. See Stones.

Sde Wood.

Fir Quarters. 1

—  Timbers, j Fiflt, viz.

—— Cod Fiflt, the barrel of 32 gallons ■  ■  for every fix (core fiflt

—— Frqfh of all kinds, free.

■  — Herrings, the .barrel of 32 gallons — Ling, for every fix fcosc • -

■  Salmon, the barrel of 32 gallons •j—r- Stock, the 120 -

—  notiparticularly enumerated or defcribed, or other.

Duty.  Drawback

£. t. d.  £. 1. d.

037  0 3 4

20 5 4  16 13 t

33 0 0  29 8 <

004  0 0 j

33 0 0  29 8 c

004  004

0 15 10  093

33 O 0  29 8 e

33 0 0  29 8 e

33 Q 0  29 8 0

0 2 11  0 a 7

5 11 10  5 11 10

093  070

0 10 3  0 8 0

056  0 4 4

120  0 16 s

067  

240  1 2 \

0 10 I  087

037  0 3 i

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS. *

Fifh, continued-

wife charged with, duty, and not by any law exempt from duty, for every £*100 of the value Note. For the condition* and regulations under which fifh, taken and cured by fub-je&s, may be imported duty free* fee A£t to which this Schedule is annexed.

Fiflier Skins. See Skins.

Fifh Oil. See Train Oil, in Oil.

Fitches' Skins. See Skins.  «

Flag Brooms. See Brooms.

Flannel, the yard  -

Flafks. See Bottles.

Flax, undrefled, free.

----deeded, imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom, the cwt. - .  -  .  -

------——---------in foreign (hipping, the cwt.

Flax Seed. Sep Lin feed, in Seed.

Fluit Stones, for Potters, the ton of 20 cwt. -Flocks, the cwt. -

Flower-Roots, for every 5 (core -  -

Flowers* Artificial* for every £. 100 of the value Foffils, not particurarly enumerated or described, or othorwsfe, charged with duty, for every £. 100 of the value -Fowls, as Provifions.

-?£.}

Frames for Pi&ures or Prints, for every £.100 of the value -  -  -

Frankinceofe, the cwt.  -

FroAingj See Orfedtw.

Fruit, Artificial, for every £.joo of the value Furriers' Wafte, fit only for making glue* every £.100 of the value Fur. See Skins.

-— made into articles, of drefr, as Millinery. See Millinery.

Fuftick. See Wood.

Gad Steel. See Steel.

Galanga, the lb.  -

CalbaniKBb the lb. . -Gaily Tile*. See TBes.

Gaik, the cwt. -  -  .  «

(If for dyers' ufe, free.) , Gamboge, the lb. . - ,  •

* a

Duty.

£.  $ d.

•3 5 7

£•

9

O I

1  12 5

2  I 10

Oil

O 9 9 O29

33 o o

20 s 4

33 0 o

067

33 o o

20 s 4

Drawback.

1,

13 7

010

o o 10 o o 10

o 8 10 ». J 5

8 10

*8 3

o ia.

7  o

2 3

8  o

>

16 13 4!

I

1

o

o>

o

29

29

o

29

16

8 0“ 5 7*

8

*3 i

a o a Q

o 1 IQ

9 1 i

j2 Anno*regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. a6. [1804.

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.  Duty.  Drawback.

  £. s. d.  JL*

Garnets, Cut, the lb. - • - •  1 4 6  0 1810

-»■ ■ - Rough, the lb. - -  Gauze of Thread, for every £.too of the value  070 33 0 0  066 29 8 0

—1 and further for every square yard thereof -  009  0 0 Q

—1 " of Silk, as Silk Manufa&ure. Geldings. See Horfes.  Geneva. See Spirits.  Gentian, the lb. -  003  -  O  O

Ginger of the British plantations or colonies in America or the Weft Indie*, the cwt.  0 16 6  0 14 7

~ not the produce of the Bruilh colonies or plantations, the cwt.  1 13 0  1 11 2

——— preferved, the lb. - -  013  Oil

Ginfeng, the lb. - : * -  0 0 10  009

Glafs Bottles. See Bottles.  — broken, fit only to be re-manufadtured, the cwt.  018  0 1 4

— Plate Glafs, and ail other glass manufe&ures not particularly enumerated or deferibed, or other-wife charged with duty, for every £.100 of the value -  83 16 5  O  CO

Glauber Salt. See Salt.  Glue, the cwt. - - -  056  036

Goats' Hair. See Hair.  •—~ Skins. See Skins.     Wool. See Goats' Hair, in Hair.  Gold Coin. Sec Bullion.  ~—Plate. See Plate.  - and Silver Thread. See Thread. Grain. See Corn.  Grains, Guinea, the lb. *  002  0 0 2

Grapes, for every £. 100 of the value -  33 0 0  29 8 0

.Grape, Rape of. See Rape of Grapes.  Groceries, riot particularly enumerated or deferibed, or otherwise charged with duty, for every £.100 of the value - - - -  33 0 0  29 8 0

Grogram Yam. See Yarn.  Guiacum Gum. See Gum.  Guinea Grains. See Grains. ——•—Pepper. See Pepper.  ——■— Wood. See Red Wood, in Wood. Gudi, vfe* '  —^ Amnaoniacus, the tb.  006  0 0 s

— Animi, the lb. -  008  007

—■ •— Aribic, the cwt. • - - -  0 13 2  09 6

——Cake Lac. Sec: Gum Lac.  ■'Cafliew, tfite cwt. * - *- - ■ -  1 v*  b  0*9

xtof] Anno regni quadragefitqo quarto Georgii III. c. 26.  53

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.  Duty.  Drawback.

Gti© continued, viz*  £• *'  £•

— Cafbcw, of the growth or produce of -the Britifb Weft-India iflands, or of the Bahama and Bermuda, or Somers 1    

liles, the cwt. -(If for dyer's ufe, free.)  0 3 io  010

America. See Schedule (B.)    

  Copal, for every £. ico of the value  33 Q 0  29 8 0

— Efetni, the lb.  008  007

  Guiacum, the lb. -7  9 1 2  0 I 1

  Juniper. See Gum Sandrake.    Lac, viz.  ———Cake Lac, Shell Lac, Seed Lac, or Stick    

Lac, the lb. •  007  006

  Opoponax, the lb.  026  0 2 1

— Sagapenum, the lb. - - - • •  007  005

— Sandrake, or Juniper, the cwt* - - -  0 14 10  0 12 0

  Sarcocolla, the lb. - • -  008  OOP

—Senega, die cwt. -  0 13 2  096

— Tacamahaca, the lb. - - .  02 7  02 5

—  Tragacantha, the lb. - - - - -  —  not particularly enumerated or deferibed, or other-  007  0 0 5

wife charged with duty, (and not being impor-    29 .8 0

ted for dyers' pfe), for every£*ico of the value  33 P 0  

Gupppwder, viz*    

  Corn, the cwt. - - -  —— — Serpentine, the cwt. - . *  3 12 11 360  351*  3 3*

Gotta Gamba, as Gamboge.    

Gutting Canvas. See Canvas in Linen*    

H.    % *

Haberdalhery Wares, not particularly enumerated or    

defcribed or otherwise charged with dutyj for    

every £• 100 of the value •  33 0 0  29, 8 0

further duty for every lb. thereof  Hair, viz.  5 11 10  5 11 10

-— Camel, the lb.  004  002

— Cow, or Ox, the cwt. 7  096  078

'— Elk, the cwt. - . -  0 8 10  056

  Goat, or Turkey Goat's Wool, the $>. *  0 0 2  .■.. f-

— Hats made of. See Hats.    

-— Horfe, the lb. - . -' ' - ■ -  004  003

—— Human, the lb. - T -  0 29  ,026

Hair Powder, plain* the cwt. - - ' ‘ - '  * 5  3- *7^

  “632  5 18 11

54 Aono regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 26.    [1804,

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.  Duty.  Drawback.

Hams. See Bacon.  Hand Bafkets. See Balkets.  f. j.* d.  £■ s.d.

Handkerchiefs, the dozen ■■■■■■■— if of filk, or mixed with filk, a further  0 18 8  0 16 11

duty for every lb. thereof  India, company of England, a further  5 11 10  5 11 10  •

duty for every square yard ——— not imported by the Eaft-India com-pany df England, a further duty ,for  021  0 '2 X

evefy square yard -  0 2 11  0 2 IX

Hand Scoops, for cvjery^. 100 of the value Hand Spikes. See Wood.  Hard Wax. See Wax.  hardware Manufactures, not particularly enumerated or deferibed, or otherwise charged with duty,  20 5 4  16 13 4

for every £. ioo of the value Hair Skins. See Skins.  — Wool. Sec Wool. ^  Harp Strings. See Catlings.  Hart's Horn. See Horns.  Hats, viz.  •—- Baft, Straw, Cane, and Chip Hats or Bonnets,  33 0 0  29 8 0

fof every £. ioo of the value ——made of, or mixed with, felt, hair, wool, or  -w  OO  O  O  29 8 ° ;

beaver, the bat —— not particularly enumerated or deferibed, or  1 11 4  1 10 4  , t

otherwife charged with duty, the hat •— if of silk or leather, subject to further duties bv the lb. according to their respective rates.  069  Q 6 2

Hatbands, the gross - -    — if of filk, a further duty for every lb. thereof  Head Matter. See Spermaceti Oil, in OiL  1 11 ii  i 10 5

  5 11 10  5 11 10

Hellebore, the lb. - -Hemp, viz.  — ■ — dreffed, imported in (hipping of the United  003  00a

Kingdom, the cwt. -  ~~— in foreign (hipping, .the cwt.  1 1 8  1 7  0  18 0  1  4 0

imported iq (hipping of the United Kingdom, the cwt. - . - -  1 8 7  1 s10

——•—rough pr undrelled, imported from anj country, and in any (hipping, free.  « Seed. See Seed.  — Seed Oil. See 03.  Herring*. See Fi(h.  1 18 6  1 is .9

SS

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Mm' Can vis. See Canvas, in Linen.

Hite, viz.

—— Buffalo, Bull, Cow, or Ox, in the hair not .tanned, tawed, or in any way dreded, the piece  -  ....

— ■■■ —>  tanned, the lb.

■ —- Elk. See Skins.

- — Horfes, Mares, or Geldings, in the hair,the piece —» ■  ■  ■  ———— tanned, the lb.

•  ■■ ■ Lolh, the lb, -  -  -

------of Mufcovy pr Ruffia, tanned, the‘hide

•  raw, or undrefled, of the Britiflt colonies or plantations in America, not particularly enu tnerated or deferibed, or otherwise charged

.with duty, for every £. ioo of the value -—— and also on such of the hides herein before enumerated, being tanned or dressed in oil, (nor) particularly provided for and charged as- lucb by the lb.) the following further duties, viz.

■— ■ as tanned, for every xolbs. ... —— - as dressed In oil, for every lb. thereof -——— or pieces of hides, not particularly enumerated or de(bribed, and not tanned or dressed in oil, for every £. too of the value TP n ■ tanned or dressed in oil, of what kind foever, and all pans or pieces thereof not being -manufactured, and not particularly enumerated or deferibed, or otherwise charged with duty, for every £. ioo of the value  -

— further if tanned, for every rolbs.

--------but if dressed in oil, for every lb.

Hollands Linen. See Linen.

Hones, the too of 5 (core  ....

Honey, the barrel of 42 gallons '

Hoops of Iron, the cwt. -  ...

—— of Wood, the 1000  ....

Hops, the cwt.

For tho conditions and regulations under which hops may be warehoused on importation, See 40 Geo. 1H. c. 43. continued by AibTequCnt affs.

Homs, viz.

—— Buffalo, Cows, Owen, or Steers, the ioo -

------Harts, or Stags, the too -

——»not particularly enumerated or deferibed, or

Duty.

&

O

6

i. d.

O I

0 o o I o 3

10

3 19 ^

1

o

*0 5 4,

90

o

5

1

o o

4

<3

Drawback.

o i a

00$

Oil

006 ox* o i 4

o 7 *

O I %

003

i6 13 4

16 13 4 ox« o 0 3

o 7 II P !• 5 0 6 10 004 2 IS ft

56 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 26. [1804.

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.  Duty.  Drawback-

Horns continued, viz.  otherwise charged with duty, for every f. 100  s. <L  £•

of the value ....  20 5 4  16 13 4.

Horn Tips, for every £. 100 of the value Horfe Hair. See Hair.  —— Hides. See Hides.  20 5 4  16 13 4.  !

'Horfes, Mares, or Geldings, each -Human Hair. See Hair.  Hungary Water. See Spirits.  Hulks or Knubs of Silk. See Silk*  Hufle Skins. See Skins.  240  1 13 0

I.  'm alap, the lb. - - -Jamaica Wood. See Braziletto, in Wood. Japonica Terra. See Terra.  Jeflamine Oil. See Oil.  [ efuit's Bark. See Cortex Peruvianus.  019  017

Jet, the Jh. - - * - - -— Beads. See Beads.  Jewels. See Diamonds.  O  1  P  00  O  O

Inkle unwrought, the lb. - -  0 O Io  009

  wrought, the dozen lbs. - - -  Incenfe. See Olibanum.  India Rubbers, or Burrachas, for every /. 100 of the  I 14 IO  1112

value - - - -Indian Corn or Maize. See Com.  20 s 4  16 13 4

Indigo, the 100 lbs. ....  (If for dyers' ufe, free.)  —— of the produce of the United States of America. See Schedule (B.)  0 14 0  

Ink for Printers, the cwt. - - • Ipecacuanha Radix. See Radix.  0 9 9  o6n

Iris or Orris Root, the cwt. - -Iron, viz.  «— of the British colonies or plantations in America or the Weft Indies, in bars or unwrought, free. —— of the produce of the United States of America. See Schedule (B.) of any other country, in bars or unwrought, the  1 11 10  1 10 4

ton of 20 cwt. * -— flit or hammered into rod*, and iron drawn or hammered, less than | of an inch fquare, imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom, the  0 12 8  0 12 8

. ton of 20 cwt. - -  0 18 0  0 18 0

  in foreign (hipping, the ton of %o cwf.. ...  - 0,19 .6  o' 19 6

r— caft, for every *£, too of the value , *  33 . 0 0  29 *8 0

—~ Cinders, per ton • - 1 - -  0 i . 1.  ;Q-_I 0

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

2m Hoops. See Hoops.

----liqaor, for every £. 100 of the value

(If for dyers' ufe, fixe.)

----dd broken, and old cast iron) the ton of so cwt.

----Ore, the ton of 20 cwt. ...

----fig Iron, of the produce of any British colony or

plantation in America, free.

— not of the produce of any British colony or plantation in America, the ton of 20 cwt. -■  —  of  the produce of the United States of

America. See Schedule (B.)

—  Wares not particularly enumerated or defcribed,

or otherwise charged with duty, for every £. 100 of the value - .  -  -  -

Iron Wire. See Wire.

Japanned Wares, not particularly enumerated or defcribed, or otherwise charged with duty, for every £. 100 of the value

Ifinglafi, the lb.

(If for dyers' ufe, free.)

Jake of Lemons or Oranges, the tun of 252 gallons (If for dyers' ufe, tree.)

-----of Limes, the gallon -

(If for dyers' ule, free.)

Juniper Berries. See Berries.

-----Gum.  See Gum Sandrake.

—— Oil. See Oil.

Junk, old, in pieces not exceeding five fathoms in length, the ton -  -

Ivory unwrought, the lb. -  -

-----wrought,  not particularly enumerated  or  defcribed, or otherwise  charged  with

duty, for every 100 of the value -

K.

Kelp, the ton of 20 cwt.'

Kidney Beans, as Garden Seeds, in Seeds.

Kid Skins. See Skins.

Kits of Wood. See Pails.

Knees of Oak. See Wood.

Knobs of Silk. See Silk Knubs, in Silk.

L.

Labdanum, the  lb. - .  «

Lac. See Gum Lac.

Lace, viz.

—  Bone Lace of Thread, the dozen yards -

Duty.  Drawback.

£•  c* *• ^

3 19 2  07a

070  060

O X 10  012

0 12* 8  0 12 s

a  0  0  29 8 • •

33 0 0  29 8 0

007  006

3 5 «  2 10 a

0 0 10  008

I 4 2  017 0

0 1 10  0 t 8

33 0 0  29 8 0

0 9 10  0 S 4

0 1 3  006

« 7 J  e *3 7

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

JLa^c continued.

— — Boqe Lace of Silk, die lb. qt. 16 0z.  -——r Silk, of all other forts, the lb. qt. 16 qz. -Lambs' Skips, See Skins,

—-— Slink. See„Skins,

-----Wool. See Wool.

Lamp Blqck, the cwt. -  -  -  -

Landaus as Carriages.

Lapis Calajninaris the cwt. -—— Tutiae, the fi>.  • r •

Lacquered Wares, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, for every /.too of the value

Lath Wood. See Wood.

Xattcn Black, the cwt.  -  k  •

——(haven, the cwt. -

■*---Wire. See Wire.

Lavender Flower?, the lb.  -  -  -

■—:—5— Water. See Spirits.

Lawns. See Linens.

Lead, viz.

—  Blaqk, the cwt, -  -  *  -

f" t Litharge, thq qwt.  »  -

■--Ore, the ton of 20 cwt.

---r Pig,, the ton of 20 cwt.  -

—  - Red, the cwt. -

-----Sheet, the cwt -

—— Whjte or Cerufla, the cwt.  -  -

Leaf Metal. See Metal.

Leather Bafils, the dozen skins -

—:-----And further for every lb. thereof -

———whether tanned or d refled in oil, or worked up I into any manufacture whereof leather is the mod valuable part, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, for ovecy^. too of the value - - - [20 —r——And further,- if tanned, for every lb.

thereof - •  -  »  ■  -  |  o  o  4J

■ r— if dressed in oil, for every lb.

thereof  -  -  - | o

Leaves of Gold, the 100 leaves -  -  -  -Jo

•of Rofes or Violets, the lb. -  -  -  I  o

I Duty*  jDrawta

Lc- *•d  11 11 3 7 *7 4  ■ £• *• r jo 15  H 7 w  I I

0 15 10  1  > 0 13

*0  0 0  03  1 0 0

33 0 e>  129 8

0  17 7  1  2 ol  1 0 ir 1 0 ]6

O  O  0 0

0 12 1 0 3 8  0  16 9]  1  11 5 0 7 ij 0 2 6 080  0 11 j  0  3 :  OIJ I  1  0 1  0 6 .1 0 * ? 0 6 $

3 5 3 0 0 41  3  * 1  004

5  4  16  13

O <y 4

Lemons, the icoo x—s;—:—Juice. See Juice.

0

1

o

- I o 13

-Pickled, the tun of 152 gallons

Lentiles, the lb.

Leopard Skin;. See Skins. Lexia Raiftns. She Raifins.'

3

o

7" 0 *

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

V

Lignum Quaffia, for every £. 100 of the value - -

-----Rhodium, the cwt. -  «  -  •  •

-----Vitc, See iWood.

limes, the barrel ------

lirt, Juice of. Scf Juice.

f Barns of the Batavian Republic or Hefien I  Canvas,  the 100 ells, qt. fix score -

si Apd/urther for every square yard thereof > I Packing Canvas, Guttings, and Spruce Can-5 <  vas, tfie too ells, qt. fix score - -

s 1 And fuitber for every square yard thereof OI Bpledavies, Spruce, Elbijig, or Queens-I  borough  Canvas,  the bolt, qt. 28 ells

I And further for every square yard thereof Of the Batavian Republic making, the • yard -  -  -  -  -

Apd further for every square yard thereof ....

Qf Sil$fia making* the yard - - -And further for every square yard thereof ....

Of the Batavian Republic making, the yard  -  ■ -

And further for every square yard . thereof  -  •

Qf Silpfia making, the .yard. -  -

And further for every square yard thereof ....

And for and uppn all Oamafk, Towelling, Nap-kiping, and Cloths, made of flax or hemp, tfie following further additional duty, viz.

.Damafk, if the fame be one yard wide, or under, for every y?rd thereof -  -

If the fame be above one yard wide, and under two yards wide, for every yard thereof -  -  -  -  -

If the fame be two yards wide, or more _ for every yard {hereof -  -  _-

Of the Batavian Republic making, the yard

And further for evjry square yard thereof -  -  ,  -  -

Of Silefia making, jhe yard -  -

And further for every square yard .. therepf »

Napkins of the Batavian Republic .making,

. the dozen *  -

And further for every square yard fhef<jp(

bO

a

1 *

f-

60

ti

Sjh

£5

e

W 4 V '

a

c

Duty.

t

r. i. o o 16 3

011

3 3

o 9

® 3 o 9

6 4

o 9

029

o

9

0 .9

* 7

f

0  ,9

1  .1.

o © o 8

o p 9

o 09

O I 10 028 0 1 ;i

0  9

1  1

o 9

9*1

9.9

Drawback.

*9

o

s. i, S o % *

O f 10

0 6

D 9

i9 5 p 9

♦ P

0 9

026

9 9 » ? o 9

o M

o

o

t

o 9

OO9

I 10

% %

» 7

o 9 o 49

o 9

8 m

o 9

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

•O

*

Linen continued.

fOf the Batavian Republic making, the yard  -  - • •  -

And further for every square yard | .5^  thereof  -

g- Of Silefia making, the yard - - -o 2 And further for every square yard F  thereof  -

Drillings and Packducks, the 100, qt. 120 ells -And further for every square yard thereof -Bag Holland of the Batavian Republic, the ell -And further for every square yard thereof -Oil Cloth, the yard  -

And further for every square yard thereof -And all other manufa£hxres of flax and hemp not particularly enumerated or defcribed, or otjier-wife charged with duty, for every £.100 of the value ------

And further for every square yard thereof -Linked. See Seed.

-------Oil. See Oil.

Lion Skins. See Skins.

Lipari Raifins. See Raifins.

Liquorice Juice or Ball. See Succus Liquoritia.

...........Powder,  the cwt. - r •  -

...-----—  Root,  the  cwt.  -  -  -  •

Litharge. See Lead.  '

Log Wood. See Wood*  <

Long Pepper. See Pepper.

Long Steel, See Steel.

Lofti Hides. . See Hides.

Lucerne Seed. See Seed.

Lupines, the cwt. -  -

Lute-ftrings. See Catlings.

M.

Mace, the Jh» -——Oil of.1 See Oil. Madder, viz.

-------Crop Madder, the cwt.

(If for dyer's u(e, free.) — Fat, the cwt.

(If for dyer's ufe,free.) ——Mull, the cwt. J

(If for dyer's life, free.) ■■ Roots*' the cwt.)

(If for dyer's ufe, free.)

Duty.  Dnrhac  .

£' *• d.  £• *- <

O  O  00  0 0

O O 9  O O

0 0 7  O O

609  O O

x 0 3  O 1 +

OO9  O O

0 2 0  O 2

OOQ  O O

0 2 0  O 2

0 0 9  O O

33 0 0  29 8 <

009  0 0 <

2 1 3

OXIO

046

046

07a o 5 10 O I 2 0 8 6

X I

o

I

04®

O 310

046 o 3 2 0010

059

L

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Mfooganv. See Wood, lladx. See Corn.

Mangrove Bark. See Bark, llama, the lb. -Hap, exh ... ilubte. See Stone.

Marties for children, as Toys. Mates, as Horfes,

Mans' Hides. See Hides. Marmalade, the lb.

Martin or Martren Skins.

-Tails,

See Skins.

Maffick, red, the lb.

—— of any other fort, the lb.

Mate. See Wood.

Mats of Ruffia, the dozen -  - * -

Matting, viz.

-  ------- of Barbary or Portugal, the square yard -

--------of the Batavian Republic, the square yard -

--------not particularly enumerated or deformed, or

otherwife charged with duty, for every £.100 of the value .... Mattrafo, for every £.100 of the value ... Maw Seed. See Seed.

Mead, the gallon -  ....

Meal. See Corn.

Medals,for every £.100 of the value -

-----fubjed to a further duty if of gold or filver,

the ox. troy -  -

Medlars, the bushel  .....

MelaSes, viz.

-— — of the produceof the British colonies or plantations in America, or the Weft Indies, the cwt.  .....

—■ ■ not of the British plantations, the cwt.

•«'  of the produce of the United States of Ame-

rica. See Schedule (B.)

Melting Pots :for Goldfmiths. ■ See Pots.

Mercury, viz.

-  -■ Precipitate, the lb.

-—t— Sublimate, the lb.  -  -  .  .  -

Metal, viz.

..... Bell metal, die cwt. -

-  --Leaf meal (except of leaf gold or filver), the

packet of ago leaves -——prepared for battery, for every too of the . value -

Duty.  Drawback*

£• la if  & *

0 0 9  008

0 0 2  0 0 1

00  0  0  006

008  0 06

013  oil

007  004

003  0 0 2

0 O 2  O O I

20 5 4.  16 13 4

20 5. 4  16 13 4

O  O  OO5

20 5 4  16 13 4

OO9  0 0 2

Ol8  o<6

0 5 4  041

0 10 5  092

0 2 4  0 2 2

O17  0 1 4

O99  060

OO3  . 0 0 3

20 5 4  16 13 4

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Metheglin, the gallon -  •

Mill Boards. See Paper.

Millet Seed. See Seeds.

Millinery Wares, not particularly enumerated or defdribed, nor otherwise charged with duty, for every £.100 of the value -  -  -  -

And a further duty by the lb. or by the yard1, on the materials of which fuc'h millinery wares shall be made, according to the respective rates to which such materials are fubjeil.

Mill Stones. See Stones.

Mineral Water. See! Water.-

Minerals and FofSIs, not particularly enumerated or defcribed, or otherwise charged with duty, for every /.100 of the value •  -  »

llinfc Skins. See Skins.

Mohair Yatn. See Camel Yarn, in Yarn.

Mole Skins. See Skim.

Moofe Skids. See Skim.

Morells, the lb. -  -  -  -  *

Mofs, Rock Mofs, the ton of 20 cwt.

(if for dyers* ufe, free.J Mother of Pearl Shells, for every £.100 of the value Mules, for every jf.rdo of the-value •

Mum. See Beer.

Mufieal Inftruments, net particularly enumerated or defcribed, or otberwifc charged with duty, for every £.100 of the value ....

Mufk, the oz. troy. -  -  •  -

Muffin, vi*.

-i—^ Plain White, having being imported by the United Cotfopany of Merchants Of England trading to the East Indies, the square yard

-—.....not having been imported by the United Com-

pony of Merchants England trading to the East indies, the square yard -  *

——being worked or figured, printed, painted, Rained, or dyed, Romals and all ether mu-dufa&ures Of cottdft, o of dcfttort ahd linen mixed1, whether plain, printed, painted, Sained, or dyed, net being particularly

] Duty.  1  Drawba <

£• *• ^  £• *• i

o' 0 7  0 0

33 0 *  00

w | 4  »  r 1 16 13 4  »

& 1 ft  . 0 * i

■ IS ii  • it t

2Q 5 4  ** *3 4

ao s 4  1613 4

33 0 0  .29 S o

•0 S 7  .  0 2 y,  1

0. a it  0 % 9

049  046

SCHSDULE (A.)—ifJW'AKDS.

Muffin continued, vi*.

enumerated or deferibed, or otherwise charged with duty, for every £, 100 of the value -And further, for every square yard thereof, if the fame had been-imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies -

—---------not having been imported by the

United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indict, the iqiuffe yard •-  -

Mufqutfh Skint. See Skins*

Mafiard Seed. See Seed.

Motion, as ProVifion*.

Mytrh, die B>.  *  «•  • m -

- N.

Naptinthg. Sie Liderf.

Natural BaHam. 8e* Balfam.

Neats' Tdogues. SeeTongoes.

Necklaces of Glafs. See Bracelets*

Needles, as Hardware.

Neft Boxes. See Boxes.

Nets oM Fiibitig, freC.

Nedland or Newfoundland Fifh. See Filh.

Nicaragua Wood. Set Wood.

Nitmtn, as Salt Petre.

Nutmegs, the lb. -  -  -  -

•  -  Candied,  the lb. -  -  -

■  Oil of. See Oil.

Nuts, viz.

—— Cilbew, for evfcry /. 100 of tBe value  -

----Chefouts, the bulhei  -

----Pifbtchia Nuts, the lb.  -

— Small Nuts, the bulhei  ...

«— Walnuts; the bulhei  -  •

Nux Vondica, the lb. -  -  -  -

Duty.

jC* d.

26 S 4

Drawback. 16 13 *

o %

soar

o a 11 o a it

o i 00 a f r

030021 o i 2ot i

3 i

0

o

o

o

o

0

1

o

X

O I X

29 8 6

*  5

6 5

o 11 o 7

*  4

O.

Oik, viz.

—  Bark. See Bark.

—Boards. See Boards, in Wood.

.— Knees. See Knees of Oak, in Wood. ' ----Plartk. See Wood.

—  Timber. See Wood.

Oakum, the cwt.  "  •  -

Oars. See Wbod.

Oats. See Com.

Oatmeal.* See Cord*

e

z ooo4

64 ' AnnoregniquadragcfimoquartsGe<Jrgii HI. c. 26. [t8oj

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Oil, viz.

—— of Almonds, the lb. -------of Amber, the lb.

-■ of Anifeed, the lb. -  -  -

—  of Carraway Seed, the lb.

■■ ■» of Caftor, the gallon ....

-----of Cinnamon, the oz. troy ...

-----of Cloves, the lb.  .

—  Fiih Oil. See Train Oil, in Oil.

—« of Hempfjwd, the tun, of 252 gallons

—— of Jeflamine, the lb.  - -  -,

-----of juniper, the lb.  -  -  -

-----of Linfeed, the tun, of 252 gallons

of Mace, .the lb.  - .

—— of Maijoram, the lb.  ...

—— of Nutmegs, the lb.  -  -  -

—  of Oranges, the lb. -  -  -

—— ordinary Oil of Olives, as 'Seville, Minorca, Majorca, Apuglia, Provence, and Portugal, ana all other ordinary Oil of Olives, imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom, the tun, of 252 gallons .... ——  in foreign (hipping, the tun, of 252 gallons

-----Palm, the cwt. -  -  -  -

*----of Rapeleed, the tun, qt. 252 gallons

-----of Rofemary, the lb. -  -  -

—1 ■- Sallad Oil, imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom, the gallon -  -

----------- — in foreign (hipping, the gallon

-----of Saflafras, the lb. -

—— Seal Oil as Train Oil, in Oil. y— - Seed Oil, not particularly enumerated or de-fcribed, or otherwise charged with duty, the tun, of 252 gallons .... —— Succinum. See Oil of Amber.

-----of Thyme, the lb. -  -  -

-----of Turpentine or Spirits,  the  loolbs.

•—- of Vitriol, for every loolbs. ... N. B. If for dyers' or manufa&urers' ufc, free.

—  - — of Walnuts, the gallon  ...

-----Whale. See Train Oil.

..—— all other Oils, being chemical Oils not par.

ticularly enumerated or defcribed, or other* wife charged with duty, for every £. ioo of the value  -  .  -

.....Train Oil or Blubber, viz.

— Blubber of Newfoundland, of (idling of

Duty. Dnvba c

33 O O

£•  , 1.  d.  L  > !•  

0  0  6  O  0  

0  0  10  O  0  ]

O  3  4  O  2  

O  1  8  O  I  

0  4  5  0  3  1

0  2  2  0  2  \

0  5  6  0  3  i

9  7  0  8  1  t

0  1  7  0  X  i

0  0  1      i

1610    10  *4  XI  

0  3  10  0  3  

0  2  2  0  2  

0  6  9  0  3  

0  2  2  0  1  *1

8  6  7  6  1  it

9  4 *0    7  0  2!

0  IX  O  0  9  8

16  10  IO  13 *9    X

0  X  3  0  X  1

0  I  1  0  0  11

0  I  2  0  X  0

0  I  6  0  X  0

1816    0  6 16    ol

0  a  2  0  2  0

0  *9  3  0 18    9

0  2  0      

0  2  2  0  X  8

29' 8

iSafJ Ann aregfai qtaidrageftmd quarto Gfcbftan III. c. 2*6.  65

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

03, viz. Train Oil or Blubber continued.

the United Kingdom, the tun, qt. 252 gallons -■— ■ — of any other fort of fishing of the United Kingdom, the tun, qt. 252 gallons

—Spermaceti Oil, or Head Matter of Fifhing, of the United Kingdom, the tun, qt. 252 gallons -  -

---------of foreign Fifliing, the

tun, qt. 252 gallons -

—  Train Oil, or Fifh Oil, of Fifhing of the United

Kingdom, the tun, qt. 252 gallons ...

—  Train Oil, or Blubber, or Fifh Oil of foreign

Fifhing, the tun, qt. 252 gallons -For the conditions and regulations under which Oil or Blubber of Whales and Seal Oil may be imported, under the duties hnpofed on such articles of Brhifh fishing or taking, fee the. Adi to which this Schedule is annexed.

—  Cloth. See Linen.

Oker, or Ochre, the bushel -  -

Olibanum or Incenfe, the cwt. -Olive Oil. See Ordinary Oil of Olives, in Oil,

----Wood. See Wood.

Olivts, the hogshead of 63 gallons Onion Seed. See Seed.

Onions, the bushel  -  -  +'

Open Tapes. See Tapes. '

Opium, the lb. -  -  -  -

Opopanax. See Gum.

Orange Flower Watef, the gallon -  -  -

Oranges, the 1000

Orange Juice. "See Juice of Lemons and Oranges. Orchal, the cwt. -  -  -  r-.

(If for dyers* ufe, free;)

Orchelia or Archelia, the cwt. -  *

8f for dyers' ufe, free.) il of Olives.- See Oil.

Ore, viz.

-1— Copper. See' Copper.

Gold, free.

—*Irdn. See Iron.

— Lca<H See Lead.

— Silvet, free.

Vol. XUV.

Duty.  Drawback.

  <C* St

0 4 *  —

0 11 7  1  %

262  —- ■

24 5 1  16 18 1'

0 17 4  :

23 2 0  16 2 9

. , A,  -r

0 i • 7 2 0 2  6 I T  x 17 It1

3 «>- 9  t'  OO7  i id $r  A  OO4

0 * 8  ‘ .  032

'O' i ‘ 0 o.I3J 7  O I 8;  09 3

0 6 11  r ,• ' -r■  052

0 5 6  t  006

F

6$  Anno rejpttjtMulrag^iiiBO quarto G&o&eii III. c.i$. [*80.4^

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS*

Daty.

Ore continued, viz.

—■ ■ not particularly anuinerated or defcribed, or otherwise charged with duty, For every iool of the value *  *  .  -  «•  |

Organzine Silk. See Silk.

Origanum. See Oil of Thyme, in Oil.

Orpitnent, or Auripigmentum. See Arfenic.

Orris Root. See Ins or Orris Root.

Orfedew or Freding, the lb. . -  »

Oftrich Feathers. See Feathers,

Otw Shins. > s • cj.int

Ounce Skins.}  SttiXmi.

Outnal Thread. See Thread.

Ox Hair. See-Cow or Ox Hair, in Hair.

—— Hides. See Hides.

-----Horns. See Horns.

Oxen. See Cattle,

P.

Pack Ducks. See Drillings, in Linen.

Packing Canvas. See Canvas, in Linen.

Pack Thread. See Thread,

Paling Boards. See Boards, in Wood.

Pails or Kks of Wood, the dozen -  -

Painted Paper. See Paper.

Painters' Colours, not particularly enumerated or do.

fcribed, or otnerwiile charged with dijty, for every £. 100 of the value Paintings on Glafs,fcr every £-ioo 9/ the value Painted Wares, not particularly enumerated or do.

fcrfibed, or ojherwife charged with dUty, for every /. 100 of the value BalmOiL SeeOiL ,

Panther Skins. See Skins.

Pantiles. See Tiles.■

Paper, vie.  ...

— ■ ■' ■ Bind, the ream -  ...

And further for every jo lbs. .  .

Brown, the bundle of two reams  -  .

r And fortber fqr every jo lbs..

> Gdld Paper, the small gross of (heets Hangings, for every square yard *

Pate Boards, Mill Boards, and Scale Boards,

' for every cwt. •

•  Trailing Papef, the 100 leaves And further; for every 10 lbs. -

•  of all other forts, whether plain, printed, pointed, (tailed, or dyed, and not particularly

jC* *• d.

20 j

i

008

a a 2

» S 4 33 o o

133 b ©4

o 1 to, O % l 0 12

0  2  1

0 8 6 0 0 6

1  a o 052 021

Drawback.

£. 1. eU

6 *3  -4-

096

* » 6

16 13 4 ■*9*o

*980

o t 8

o a t

o 1 o

(XX t

O 4. 8

O o J

0 1) q

o 4 7

o a 1

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Paper continued.

enumerated or delcribed, or otherwise charged with duty* for every lb. ... Parchment, the dozen of 12 meets Pa ieBoards or Mill Boards. See Paper.

Paring Tiles. See Tiles.

Pearl Afbes, as AOieS.

Pearl or Hulled Barley, imported in (hipping of die United

Kingdom, the cwt.

■■ ■« ■ ■■ -in foreign (hipping, the .  cwt.

Penh. Bee Diamonds.

Pearl Shells. See Mother of Pearl Shells.

Pears, thi bufltel -  -  ....

*— dried, the bafliel ...  -  -

Peas. See Corn.

(If for Sowing, free.)

Peffitory, the lb.  -  -  -

Pelts. See Skins.

Pencils, for every £. IOO of the value  *

Pens, for every £. too of the value Pepper, viz.

*—-— Black or White, of the East Indies, the lb. .

» Cayenne, the lb.  .....

■  - Guinea, the lb.  ....

-------Long, the lb.

Perfumed Oil, as Chemical OH.

Peffutterjr, not particularly enumerated or deferibed, or crtheTwife charged with duty, for every too „ of the value  ....

Perry, See Cyder.

Pewvianus Cortex. See Cortex.

Pewter, did, for every /. too of the value -  •

Pickled Cucumbers, Bee Cucumbers.

Pickles, not particularly enumerated or delcribed, or otherwise charged with duty, for every/. too of the value -  -  *  .

FiSure FVames, for every j£. too of the value Pi&urtt, for every too of the value ‘ * -  «

Pig Iron. See Iron.

Pig Lead. See Lead.

Pift Boxen; See Boxes.

Pimento, vie.

■ ■i'  ■ of foe Brkifo planfttions, the lb.  •

not of the Britilb plantations, the lb.

Fink Rodt, for every  £.too of the value

Pins. See Haberdajhery.

Pipe Boards, See Boards, in Wood.

F 2

Duty.  Drawback*

£. t.  C *■ <*'

0 07  005

290  170

084  077

09a  o*8 S

'D I 9  016

ota  0 0 to

ft  O  O  002

10 5 4  16 n 4

20-5 4  1613 +

009  00 9

022  0 1 fo

009  6 0 8

006  005

3J 0 0  29' 8 'o

20 S 4  16 13 4

33 0 0  29 8 O'

33 <>• q  29 8 0

33 0 0  29. 8 0

o 0 i  0 3 3

004  003

33 0 0  29 8 0

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Piftachia Nuts. Sec Nuts.

Pitch, viz.

■  ■ ■ ■■■ of the produce of any of the dominions on planta-

tions of the Crown of the United Kingdom, the last of ia barrels, each barrel qL 31^ gallons -

■  ■■— not being the produce of any of the dominions or

plantations of the Crown of theUnited Kingdom, imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom, the Jaft of 12 barrels, each barrel not exceeding 31^ gallons -  -  -  -  -

—— in foreign (hipping, the last of 12 barrels, each barrel not exceeding 31^ gallons —~ of the growth or production of the United States of America. See Schedule (B.)

— Burgundy or Rhinehurft, the cwt.

"Planks. See Wood.

Plants and Trees, for every ioo of the value Plainer of Paris, the cwt.  »  „  -

Plate, viz.

—— battered, fit only to be re-manufa&ured. See Bullion.

— of Gold wrought, for every £. iooofthc value -—* further for every oz. troy thereof •—— of Silver gilt, for.cvery 100 of the value —— further for wrery oz. troy thereof —— part guilt, for every £. too of the value -—- further for every oz. of troy thereof ■  ■" ungilt, for every £. ioo of the value

—— and further for every oz. troy thereof Plated Wares, not particularly enumerated ordeferibed, or otherwise charged With duty, for every £. ioo of the value thereof -,  .  .  And  further  for  every oz. troy of Plate

thereon ..... Platters of Wood, the dozen -Platting, or other Manufactures of Balt, Straw, Chip, Cane, or Horfehair, to be used in or proper for making Hats or Bonnets, for every £. ioo of the value thereof Plumbs dried, as Groceries.

Polonia Wool, as Spanifh. See Wool.

Pomatum, the lb.  -

Pomegranates, the 1000  -  -  -

■  — -Peels, the cwt.

(If for dyers' ufe, free.)

Pomice Stones. See Stones.

Pofcelane, See China Ware. Pork, as Provifions,

Duty.  Drawback.

£■ d.  £. i. <U

0 18 s  0 14 9

6 19 6  0 15 10

1 0 11  0 17 3

O  00  O  073

3 19 2  072

007  006

16 16 2  16 16 2

082  024

16 6 2  16 6 2

012  009

16 6 2  16 6 2

oii  009

16 6 2  16 6 2

010  009

20 s 4  16 13 4

0 0 9  0 0 9

0 .0 9  OOO

OO  W  O  O  29 8 0

Oil  0 0 0

126  , 0 13 8

0921  065

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Duty.

Pot Allies* as Afhes.

Potatoes* as Provifions.

Pots, viz.

----melting Pots for goldfmiths, the 100

----of Stone* for every £. of the valoe

Poultry, as Provifions.

Powder, viz.

-  ■— ' Gunpowder. See in G.

—  — ■ Hair Powder. See in H.

■ Sago Powder. See in S.

Precious Stones. See Diamonds,

Precipitate. See Mercury.

Prints, viz.

----Paper, for every 100 of the value

— coloured* for every 100 of the value Printers' Ink. See Ink.

Printing Letters or Types, the cwt. -Provifions, (not being Groceries) not particularly enumerated or defcribed, or otherwise charged with duty* for every 100 of the value -Note. The lord-lieutenant is authorised to permit the importation into Ireland of Corn and Filh, and all Provifions whatever* without payment of duty, fee the Ad of 41 Geo. 3. c. 36. continued by subsequent Ads to 25th March, 1805.

Prunel Sal. See Sal.

Prunefloes, the lb. -  .  -  -  -

Prunes, viz.

——■ ■ imported in /hipping of the United Kingdom, the cwt.

■■ ■■■■ in foreign /hipping, the cwt. « Pfylliupi* the lb. -  -  -

Pulfe, as Provifions.

Purple Wood. Seo Wood.

Pyrmont Water. See Mineral Water, in W.

£. s.

025

44  0  o

33 0 0 33 0 0

1 14 8

>3 5 7

008

068

073

003

/  .  CL

Quaffia Wood. See Lignum Qua/fia. Queenfborough Canvas. See Canvas, in Linen. Quercitron or Black Oak Bark. See Bark. Quern Stones. See Stones.

Quickfilver, or Argentum Vivum, the lb. Quinces* the 100  -  *  -  -  -»  *

R.

Racoons Skins. See Skins.

Raddle, the barrel  V  *

- 0 1 I

o

I 10

Drawback. £. s d.

O I 40 8

3

9

29 8 0 29 8 o

1 IO 8 9 *3 7

<

005

042

049

003

oil

o * 3 0 *1 8

SCHBDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Radix, viz. •

----Enuls Campease, or Efulae, the cwt. - r

----Eringii, the lb. -  -  •

■—— Ipecacoanha, the lb.

----Serpentarise, or Snake Root, the lb.

Rags, old, of Linen, fit only for making Paper, free. Railins, viz.

• ■ ■ ■ ■ Belvedere, imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom, the cwt.  ....

———in foreign (hipping,the cwt, ■' ■ ■ ■■ Denia, imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom, the cwt.  ...

—— in foreign (hipping, the cwt. -

-  ——Faro, imported in (hipping of the United King-

dom, the cwt. -

■ ■ ■■ in foreign (hipping, the cwt. -

—  ■»» ■ Lexia, imported in (hipping of the United King-

dom, the cwt.  -

——in foreign (hipping, the cwt. -■- r ■ ' Lipari, imported in (hipping of the United King-dom, the cwt. .... — ■ —-in foreign (hipping, the cwt. -—— Smyrna, imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom, the cwt. ....

• in foreign (hipping,the cwt.

—  ■ ■ ■ of the Snn, imported in (hipping of the United

Kingdom, the cwt. ...

<  in foreign (hipping,the cwt.

■ — »i—not particularly enumerated or defcribed, or ■ other wife charged with duty, imported in (hipping of tiae United Kingdom, the cwt.

----.imported ifi foreign (hipping, the cwt.

Rape, viz.

—— Seed. See Seed.

—  Oil. See Oil. .

-----of Grapes, for evety £. too of the valns

Ratifia. See Cordial Water, in Spirits.

Rattans. See Canes.

Raw Linen Yarn. See Yarn.

-----Silk. See Silk.

Razors, the dicker oif 10 razors  ...

Red Lead. See Lead.

—  Wood. See Wood.

—  Wool. See Wool.

Reed Canes. See Canes.

Regulus, the cwt.  -

(Of for dyers' ufc, free.)

Refiaa Jalappss, for every £. 100-of the.value.

Duty.  Drawback*

£ *•  £■ i. d.

0 9 IX  0 9 it

002  002

027  023

020  » 0 .* 11

0 14 9  0 13 4

0 17 0  0 IS 7

0 14 8  0 13 4

0 16 10  0 15 6

0 14 9  0 13 4

0 17 0  0 is 7

0 IS 3  0 13 5

017J  0 15 7

0 16 . 9  .0 15 4

0 17 0  0 15 7

0 14 1  0 13 3

ov»6 4  0 15 6

0 16 3  0 13 f

018 j  0 15 8

0 14 8  0 13 4

0 16 11  0 15 7

20 5 4  16 13 4

069  0 6 *

0 9 i)  0 b 0

33 © ®  19 8 0

ifof] Anno regni quadragpfimo quarts Gsoy.au III. c. 2$.  71

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWAEDS.

ftuneharft. See Burgundy Pitch.

Shodioa Lignum. See Lignua).

Khubarh, the lb. -  -  -  •  -  .

Ribband,  viz.

—  —• of Silk, the Ih. qt. 16 oz. ...

» ■» of Gold, or Silver, or both, the lb. qt. t6 oz. the, the cwt. .  -  . •

—of the produce of the United States of America, fee Schedule (B.)

Roch Alum. See Alum.

Rock Mofe. See Muft.

Roounum Vitriolum. See Copperas Blue.

Ropes, viz.

—  of Baft. See Baft Ropes.

■ new. See Cordage.

—  —— old. See Junk.

Rofe, viz.

—— Copper. See Copper.

*f—Leaves, See Leaves of Rofes,

Rofcmarjr, Oil of. See. Oil. ftofin, viz.

—of the dominions or plantations belonging to the Crown of the United Kingdom, the cwt*

—  not ot the produce of any of the dominions or plan*

tations belonging to the Crown of the United Kingdom, imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom, the cwt. ....

■ ■ ■ - ■ ■ imported in foreign (hipping, the cwt. w— of the produce of the United States of America, fee Schedule (B.)

Round Wood. See Wood.

Rubies. See Diamonds.

Rum. See Spirits.

Rv^ as Corn.

Duty.  Drawback.

jL' *• d.  

0 * 9  m  ft  O

13 0  7 0 6

891  8 1 1

0 XO 4  09$

O a

S

o a 1

0 s <0 o g i

0 4 Q 0 $ «

s.

Sable Skins. See Skins.

Saccharum Saturni, for every /. 100 of the value (If for dyers' ufe, free!)

Saffower, die lb. .  -  *  *  "  -

(If for dyers' ufe, free.)

Saffron, the lb.  -  -  »

Sagspinum Gum. See Gum,

Sam, whole or powdered, the lb. -  *

$au Cloth. See Canvas, in Linen.

Sal, viz.

---Alkali, the lb. -

-v Ammontacus, the cwt. •

33 o o

0 * *3

• 4 «

« o

O 0.2

° M

a 4I o o g

©

•Us.;

2

4

71  Annoregni cjtoadragefimoquarto Georgii III.c. 26.  f 1804,

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.      Duty      Drawback.  

Sa! continued, viz;      £•  s.  d.    S. d.

  Cornu Cervi, the lb.      O  2  9  0  a 6

-—* Glauber, the cwt. * - -      0  16  6  0  g jo

—- Prunella, the lb.  -  -  o  O  3  0  o 3

—— Succini, the lb.  m  W  0  2  9  0  a 7

■■ — Tartari, the lb. - *  m  -  0  0  4  0  0 3

—— Volatile Ammoniatus.for every 100 of tt>e value      33  O  0  29  8 0

Salep or S^lop, the lb. - ' - *    •  0  O  4  0  0 a

Sallad Oil. See Oil.              

Salt, viz.              

■ — White or Bay, the bulhel of 56 lbs.  -    0  I  5    

■— not Bay, the bulhel of 56 lb*.'  •  •  0  2  0    

    Rock, the ton of 40 bulhels, each bulhel qt. 65 lbs.      3  O  0    

Salt Pctre, the cwt.    •  6  O  3    

Sand Boxijs. See Boxes,    •          

Sandrake Gum. See Gum..              

Sanguis Draconis, the lb- - ?      0  I  1  0  0 11

Sarcocolla Gum. See Gum.              

Sarfaparilla, the lb. - 7  •  .  0  I  1  0  x 0

Saflafras, the cwt. * 7      0  4  0,  0  3 4

- — ■ Oil. See Oil.              r *

Saunders or Sanders Wood, viz.              

Red, the cwt.  t    0  8  3  0  0 9

(If for dyers' ufe, free.)              m

      0  0  8  0  0 I

{If for dyers' ufe, free.)              

Scale Board. See,in'Paper.              

Scammony, the lb. - r    •  0  4  5  0  3 ®

Scoops of Wood, the dozen -  •  m  0  i  8  0  1 6

Scordium, the lb. -  m  • _  0  0  3  0  0 2

Sculptured Marble. See Stones.    •          

Sea Cow Teeth, the lb. •    •„  0  0  10  0  0 8

Sea Holly Roots, the cwt. 7  •    0  12  1  0  16 0

Sea Hone Teeth, the lb.      0  i  0  0  O XI

Sea Morft; Teeth, die lb.      0  0  11  0  0 10

Seal Oil. See Train Qil, in Oil.              

—— Skins. See Skins,              

Seed, viz.              

  Annileed, the cwt. - -  7    0  17  11  0  15 8

« — Ganary Seed, the'ewt. •* -  m  _  0 15    5  0  12 7

  Carraway, the cwt. -    » —  0  7  5  b  6 8

     Carthamus, the lb. - r -    M  0  0  3  0  0 2

—— Cloyer, the cwt.  m    0  6  2  0  7 5

—— Cole, th£ quarter of 8 bulhels ' •  m  -  0  *3  2  0  9 11

—— Coriander, the'ewt.  ' -  m  0  7  4  0  6 6

— - Cummin, the cwt. • »  •    0  13  2  0  11 8

~ - Fennel, the fb. ' - - - '      0  0  3  0  0 3

rr-t- Fenugreek, th$ cwt.  7    0  8  7  0  7 9

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Seed continued.

—Garden Seed, or Foreft Seed, not particularly enumerated or deferibed, or otherwise charged with duty, the lb. •  •

----Hemp, free.

—Linfeed or Flaxfeed, free.

-—Lacern Seed, the cwt.

—  Maw, the cwt. -

— Millet, the cwt.  -

----Muftard, thejewt. -----

----Onion, the cwt. -  -

----Pioni or Peoni, the lb.

—  Rape, the quarter of 8 bushels -

----Worm, the lb.  -

r— not particularly enumerated or defetibed, or otherwise charged with duty, and not being . Drugs, for every £. too of the value *— Lac. See Gum Lac.

—  Oil. See Oil.

Senna, die lb. -  -  «  «

Seneca Radix or Root. See Radix.

Serpentaria Radix. See Radix.

Shaven Latten. See Latten.

Shaving for Hats. See Platting.

Sheep, as Provifions.

—  Skins. See SJrins.

Sheep's Wool. See W ool.

Sheet Lead. See Lead.

Shellac. See Gum Lac.  •

Shells, Mother of Pearl. See in M.

Ships, with their Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture (ex-' cept Sails} for every £.100 of the value -Shovels of Wood, unihod, the dozen -Shruff, or old Brafs, fit only to be re-manufadtured, the cwt. -Shumac, or Sumac, the cwt. -  -  .«•

(If for dyers5 ufcf free.)  t

Sider. See Cider.

Silk, viz.

—  Knubs or ffuiks of Silk, the lb. of 21 oz.

—  Organzine, the lb. of 16 oz. - -

—  Raw, of Turkey, the lb. of 24 oz.

— of any other country, except his Ma-jefty5s colonies or plantations, the lb. of 24 oz. -  -  -  -  J

----of the Britifla plantations, the lb. of 24 oz.

—  Thrown, dyed,'thelb. of 16 oz.

undyed, the 16. of 16 oz.

Duty.

003

o 6 o 16

0 3 0 2 o 18 o o ° 5

O I

20 5

O I

5 o 0 3

o 12 o 3

o

o

o

o

Drawback.

£• A

o o

037 012 9

0  2  IO

0 I JO

Q *3 7

o o 2

0 3 7

oil

16 13 4

Oil

027

O IO 2 O23

OO5 O 2 II O I XI

0  I If

001 o~ 8 4 057

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Silk continued.

------Waite Silk, not particularly enumerated or defer! bed, or o|be(wife charged with duty, the ]b, pf ib oz.

—  Wrought, mix'd with Gold or Silver, or both,

not particularly enumerated or deferibed, or jOtherwife charged with duty, the lb, of 16 oz. —— Manufadures of all other forts, whether of Silk only, or mixed with any other materials, and not being particularly enumerated or deferibed, or otherwise charged with duty, the lb. of 16 o±.

—  — Worm Gut, for every £.ioo of the value Silver Coin. See Coin*

»—• Plate. Sec Plate.

Simarouba Cortex. See Cortex*

Singing Birds. See Birds.

Sifter's Thread# See Thread*

Skeets for Whhfters, the fkeet * W • Skins, viz.

t— Badger Skins, undrefied, the (kin

^ Beat, undrefied, the (kin*  ~  -

—  Beaver, undrefed, or Indian half dreflfed, the

fkin, of tjhe British colonies or plantations ■■■■»■■■ ■ not of the British plantations, the skin —if dressed in oil, a further duty the lb*

——- Buck or Deer. See Deer, in Skins*

—  — Calabar. See Squirrel.

—  Calve Skins in the hair, not tanned, tawed, or in

any way drefled^ the dozen (kins, imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom -  -  .  w

—— imported in foreign (hipping, the dozen  -

—— tanned, the lb. -  -  -

—— but if dressed in oil, a further duty for every lb.  -  -

—— Cat, undrefied, the 100 Ikins -

—  Coney, undrefied, the dozen ikins -

—  Cordivants, duelled, of Spain, the dozen

-----■----of Turkey, the dozen

—— Deer, undrefied, the skin -  -

—«- drefled, the skin -

------- Indian, half dressed or fhaved, the skin -

y— Dog in the hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any

Say drefled, the dozen Ikins, imported in jppiog of the United Kingdom

M — imported in foreign (hipping* (he dozen (kins . -  *

Duty.  Dni^bai

d*  £,' *• 4

o  o  0 0

7 *3 9  7 >M

5 *3 4  5 « i

*0 5 4  16 13

o o a  0 0

o O JI  00

, ° 7 7  0 \

004  O 0 i

tf 1 1  0 0 l

0 0 3  ® 0

0 i a  1  !  j

04a  0 Z i

008  0 0 3

0 « 3  0 0 j

0 16 4  0 14 j

O 0 y  005

I 1 O  0 16 ic

0 19 6  0 16 7

0 0 4  0 0 si

0 1 *  0 0 ir

0 Q 4  0 ° a

PO  0  Q  006

O  O  ' 0 0 10

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.    Duty.      Drawback.    

SMm cog formed.    c    d.  6.  /•  JL

  Dog Fi(h, undrefled, the dozen (kin* . -  •  0  3  9  0  2  9

i   Elk Skins in the hair, not tanned, tawed.  or In            

any way drefed, the Hein, imported in (hipping              

of the United Kingdom -  -  0  Q  8  0  0  1

the flea  •  0  1  0  0  0  5

■— Endue or Arinin, undrefled, the timber of 40              

ticks - - - - -  m  0  x6  1  0  *4  7

— Filher, undrefled, the skin - •  m  0  2  P  0  1  10

-—- Fitches, undrefled, the timber of 40 (kins.  •  0  6  ,8  0  S  0

— Fox, undrefled, the (kin~  .  0  0  9  0  0  6

  Tails, for every £,100 of the value  -  33  0  0  29  8  0

—— Croat, vi».              

—- raw or undrefled, if imported in (hipping of              ..

the United Kingdom, the dozen    0  X  10  0  0  a

—— imported in foreign (hipping, the dozen    0  9  0  0  7  4

—»tanned, the dozen -  -  2  8  9  2  4  S

  but if dressed in oil, a further duty the lb.    0  0  4  O  O  4

• Hare, undrefled, the 126 {kins - *    0  4  6  0  l  6

- Hii/fe, uadrofled, the lkip , -    0  0  3  0  O  3

*— Kid in the hair, the 100 Qpns    0  I  j      

——drefled, the ioo (kios — *    1  17  6  1  *3  8

Lamb, undrefled, in the wool, the 120 (kins    0  7  tc  0  4  b

—— dressed in dam, fall, or meal, the too (kins    1  2  6  0 19    6

—-w dressed in oil, the 100 ikins    a  12  to  2  0  to

    .0  Q  7  0  9  7

—- Slink, undrefled, in the wooL the 120 -    0  2  7  0  I  it

Leopard, undrefled, the (kin -    0  10  2  0  9  1

-— Lion, undrefled, the skin    0  4  2  0  3  9

—— Marton or Martron, undrefled, the limber of 40              

/kins - *    3  16 10    3  12  6

- ■ Tails, undrefled, the 120    013    6  0  *3  2

—— Minever, the mantle - «-    0  4  7  0  4  0

— Mink,, undrefled, the timber of. 40 (kins    1  h  4  1  2  10

—- tawed, the timber of 40 (kins    I  *9  9  1  9  9

—Male, undrefled, the dozen - -    0  0  4  0  0  3

  Moofc, undrefled, the (kin -    0  4  1  0  3  1

Muiquafti, undrefled, thy 100 (kina    I  0  4  0  18  3

—- Otter, undrefled, the (kin - *    0  2  5  0  1  M

*— Ounce, undrefled, the (kia « «    0  5  4  0  4  3

—- Panther, undrefled, the (kin -  *  0  8  4  0  7  3

*— Pelts of Goats, undrelfed, the dozen    0  2  2  0  1  to

> ■ ■ * drefled, the dozen    0  3  10  0  3  7

of all other forts, undrefled, the 100    0  ta  4  0  10  t(

'— Racoon, undrefled, the too (kins    1  to  2  0  >9  4

'— Sable, undrefled, the (kin -    0  4  5  0  3  ip

•— Tails or Tips of Sable, undrefled, the  piece  0  0  9  P  0  .1

SCHEDULE (A-)—INWARDS.

Skins continued.

— Seal in the hair, not tanned, tawed, or any way drelied, imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom, the Ikin

-----imported in foreign (hipping, the (kin

For the conditions and regulations under which Seal Skins may be imported under the duties imposed on such (kins of Britifb fi(h-ing or taking, sese the Aft to which this Schedule is annexed.

—— Sheep, undrefled, in the wool, the dozen (kins -

-----drefled in oil, tanned, or tawed, the dozen

(kins -

-----and further, as dressed in oil, for every iolb.

-■■■ Squirrel or Calabar, undrefled, the timber of 40 (kins ------

———■   —  tawed,  the timber of 40 (kins

—— -----------------Tails,  for  every/.100 of the

value

—  Swan, undrefled, the (kfn  *  -

------ Tyger, undrefled, the (kin  . -

•----Weafel, undrefled, the lao (kins

-*—- Wolf, undrefled, the (kin -  *

—— tawed, the (kin —- Wolverings, undrefled, the (kin

And alio such of the (kins herein-before enumerated, except those particularly provided for, as tanned or dressed in oil, (ball be subject to the following further duties, viz.

—— if tanned, for every iclbs.  r

r— if dressed in oil, for every lb.

And pieces of (kins, undrefled, not particularly enumerated or deferibed, or otherwise charged with duty as' such/ for every £*10Q of the value -  -  -  -

—  and pieced of (kin, whether tanned, tawed, or in

any way drefled, not particularly enumerated or deferibed, or othertirife charged with duty such for every £. 100 of the value And furt her, if tanned, for every iolbs.

•------—-—if dressed in oil, the lb,

Slate Pencils, for every /.100 of the Value Slates in Frames. See Stones.

Slick Stones. See Stones.

Smalts, free.

Smyrna Raifins. See Railins.

Snake Root. See Radix Serpentariae. '

$nuff, the lb.  -  -

: III. c. 16,  

Duty.  Dnwbj

£• d-  

0 0 a  - - 1

0 0 10  O O  1

0 1 10  O X  1

065  0 6

006  0 0

0 3 4  0 a

0 4 5  0 3  1

33 0 0  29 8

016  0 i

050  0 3

042  0 1

0 8 10  0 7

0 12 4  0 11

052  O 4

012  0 1

003  0 0

33 0 0  29 8

33 0 0  29 8 <

012  0 1 :

003  0 0

20/5 4  16 13 }

0 1 11  0 I 10

SCHEDULB (A.)—INWARDS.

Duty.

SmS continued.

-----of the produce and manufacture of the United

States of America, fee Schedule (B.)

Banff Boses. See Boxes.

Soap, ra.

-----Alhes. See A(hes.

-----Hard, the cwt. ■ -

—  Soft, or Black Soap, for every £.ioo of the value

(If for dyers' or manufacturers' ufe, free.) Socotorina Aloes. See Aloes.

Spa Ware, for every £.100 of the value

—  Water, as Mineral Water, in Water.

Spanifl) Wool. See Wool,

Spars. See Wood.

Spelter, the cwt. -  -  -  *  -

Spermaceti, viz.

—»  — Candles. See Candles.

------ Fine, the lb. •  •  *

-  - —- Oil. See Oil.

Spirits,  viz. “

■  —  Arquebufade, the gallon  «  -

-------Arrack, the gallon  -  -

-  ■ Brandy, imported in (hipping of theUnited

Kingdom, the gallon  -  -

-----— in foreign (hipping, the gallon

■  ■ ■ ■ Citron Water, the gallon -

-------Cordial Water, not particularly enumerated or

deferibed, or otherwise charged with duty, the gallon .... —— Geneva, imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom, the gallon-  -  -

-----in foreign (hipping, the gallon

■— - Hungary Water, the gallon

■  ----Lavender Water, the gallon -

------Rum, of the growth, produce, or manufacture

of his Majesty's colonies or plantations, the gallon -  -

Note, .for. the conditions' and regulations under which Rum or Spirits of the produce of the British plantations, may be warehoused without payment of duty, fee 41 Geo. III. cap 94.

—— Rum not of his Majesty's colqnies of plantations, imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom, the gallon not particularly enumerated or deferibed, or otherwise charged with duty, the gallon

£. s. d.

* 5 3 *9

o 16

o 1

O 9

o 9

o 9 o 10 o 9

o 9 0 10 o 9 0 9

£. s. d‘

33 o 0

Drawback.

094

0 7 3

0 ID

o 9

12 9

0 7 2

29 3 6

o 12 9 o 1 j

o 9 t 091

o 8 10 o 9 to 091

091

0 8 10 o 9 10 091 09c

071

o 9 10

090

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Spirits continued.

And for every gallon of Spirits, called Brandy, * Geneva, and Rum, above the quality of Single Spirits, an additional duty for filth Spirits to be *paid in proportion to the duties payable for Single Spirits of the like denomination, according to the compara-five degree of strength which it shall bear to Single Spirits of the like denomination.

-  ■ — of Hartfhorn, for every/. 100 of the value -

Spifitus Vitrioli. See Oil of Vitriol.

Spokes for Wheels. See Wood.

Sponge, tjie lb.  -

Spouts of Wood, for every £. 100 of the value -  -

Spruce, viz.

-----— Beer. See Beer.

■— • Efience of. See Eflence. ♦

-  —  Canvas. Set Canvas, fh Lirterf.

Squills, the cwt. -  -  -  •

Squirrel Skins. See Skins.

Stags' Horns. ' See Horns.

Stained Paper. See Paper.

Starch, the cwt.  -

Note, for the conditions and regulations under which Starch may be imported, free of duty, fee the 40 Geo. III. chap. 43.

Stave&cre, the cwt.  *•

Staves. See Wood.

Steel, Viz.

■—Gad Steel, the cwt. -  •

—— Long Steel, the cwt.  -

— Wire. See Wire.

■ ■■'—* Wifp, the cwt. •  •  •  •

Stibium. See Antimonium Preparatum.

Stick Lac. See Gum Lac.

Stock Fifh. See Fifli.

Stockings, viz,

—1--------Cotton, for every £.100 of the value

^ ■ Thread or Worfted, for every £.100 of the value -

Stocks for Anchors. See Anchor Stocks, in Wood. Stone Bottles. See Bottles.

Stones, viz.

■Blood Stones, the lb. •  *

—Burrs for Mill Stones, the 100

■■ Dog Stones, not exceeding four feet in diameter, above fix and tinder twelve ihches in thicknefs, the last of three pair

Duty.  >  Drawba

  £• *•

33 0 ©  29 8

013  00

20 5 4  t6 13

034  0 3

0 12 10  0 11 j

016  O 12 0

0 it 0  ■  0 90

06$  0 410

0 6 it  0 411  1

44 0 0  S  00  0

O  O  *  40 8 0

0 a a  -018

1 9 1  097

0 18 2  0 it 10

ttef ]iaao regni qwdngefino quarto Gxoaaii ni. c. a 4,79

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

ftwenmueL

----Emery Stone*, the cwt. •  -

----FJtenng Stone*, for every too of the value

----Flag Stones, the too Iquare feet

—Flint for Potter*, the ion, qt. aoewt. «

—  Grinding Stones, the chalder, qt, to cwt. --------Marble Blocks, for every /.too of the value

Mill Stones, above 4 feet in diameter, or if it inches in thickness or upwards, the piece *

• — Pom ice Stones, the ton, qt. to cwt. »  »

■---Qpern, under 3 feet in diameter, and not

exceeding 6 inches in thicknefs, the last of three pair » i— ■ 3 feet in diameter, and not above 4 feet in diameter, and not exceeding 6 inches in thicknefs, (he last of three pair -

.... Sculptured Marble, or Stone, or Statuary, for

every £.too of the value -•

*—-Slates in Frames, not exceeding-12 inches in length, the dozen - -■  1.  1  .<  1 1 exceeding 12 inches in length,

the doacn

-— Slick, the 10O stones  -  ...

----Whet, the 1 do stones  -

Storft at Styrax, viz.

*—«-Cabmha, the lb. -  -*  -

----Liquids, the lb.  -  ■*

Sine Hats or Bonnets. See Hats.

—  Plating. See Rating.

Stufi of all forts made or mixed with Wool, not par* ocularly enumerated or defcribed, or otherwise charged with duty, the yard -  -  -

And betides, if mixed with Silk, for every lb. qt. 16 02.  -

Saccades or Succards, the lb*

Saccini Sal. See Sal.

Sacdnum, as Amber. 3m Amber.

Saccas Liquoritiae or Liquorice Juice or Ball, the cwt. Sugar, via.

—refined, the cwt  - . • -  -

—  White, of the British plantations, the cwt,

——• not of die Britifla plantations, the cwt. -•— Muftorado and Brown, of the British plantations, the cwt.

For the drawback on the due exportation of Britifla plantation fogar in the feme state as imported, and the

Duty.  Drawback.

£• *• J  £• *• ^

Oil  0 1 0

20 5 4  16 12 4

0 16 6  O89

Oil  O I t

042  0 3S

20 J 4  16 13 4

0 19 6  0 7 5

205  OII3

00  **  0  053

i 9 11  1 5 1

33 0 0  29 8 0

Oil  0 0 to

022  0 t tt

0 is- 6  0 15 t

030  0 2 •

012  01 i

009  007

077  0 5 to

5 11 S  S 11 8

012  010

* i 5  1 19 11

5 >9 1  5 19 1

179  —

a 16 s  2 16 S

1 3 10  .  

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Sugar, viz.

Mufcovado and Brown continued.

bounties oh refined sugar made thereof, See4i Geo. III. chap. 74.

42  Geo. IU. chap. 60, and the

43  Geo, III. chap. 17.

■ ■  —  not  of the British plantations, the

cwt.

■— ■ ■' of the growth, produce, or manufacture of the East Indies, having been imported into England by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for every j£.ioo of the value thereof, British currency, according to the gross price at which such Sugar wall have been publicity fold at the Eaft-India company's sale in London • -And further, for every cwt.-of such Sugar ■ - Candy, Brown, the cwt.

-——White, the cwt.  -

-------Moulds, the cwt.  -

Sulphur Vivum, the cwt. -Swan Skins. See Skins.

Sweep Wafhers' Dirt, containing Bullion. See Bullion. Sweet Wood. See Wood.

Sword Blades, viz*

—  ■'  —-----fine, the dozen -

----- ■ ■■ — coarfc, the dozen.  -

T.

Tacamahaka Gum. See Gum.

Talc, viz. -

—  Green, the lb. - . - •

-----White, the lb..............................

Tallow, the cwt. -  -  -  -

.....- Candles. See Candles.

Tamarinds, the lb.  -  -  -

Tanners* Wafte, for every £.100 of the~value •- -Tapes, as Haberdafhery Wares.

Tapeftry, not of Silk, for every £,100 of the value -Tapioca, the lb.  -

Tar, viz.

—  of the produce of any of the dominions or plants

tions of the Crown of the United Kingdom, imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom, the last qt. 12 barrels, each barrel not exceeding 31^ gallons -  -  •

——not being of the produce of any of the dominions or plantations of the Crown of the United King, dom, imported in (hipping of the United King

Duty.

*•

45

o

3

5

o

o

1

5

*9

19

*3

9

o 12 0 8

o

o

o

0

20

33

o

U' L

x 17  7

o

0

1

o

5

o

o

o 13 2

Drawbmct I

I 17

[45 1 0 5 3 19 5 19 o ix o 9

*

2

2

2

4

o

095

063

007 004 o .1 io

003 16 13 4

29 80

o o 3

o 10 3

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Tar continued.

don, the last,qt. 12 barrels, each barrel not (exceeding 3i{ gallons -—*- imported in foreign (hipping, the last, qt, 12 barrels, each barrel not exceeding 314 gallons  ......

—— of the produce of the United States of America.

See Schedule (B.)

■—- Barbadoes, the lb. -  -  -  -  -

Tares, for every ,£.100 of the value  -

Tarns, the buihel  ......

Tartar, Cream of. See Cream of Tartar.

Tartar! Sal. See Sal.

Tea, via.

— imported from Great Britain, having been pur-ebafed at any of the Tales of the Eaft-India company in London, at a price not exceeding 2J. 6 firitilh, the lb. for every £.100 of the value thereof, according to such price ...

• imported from Great Britain, having beep pur-chafed at any of the Tales of the Eaft-India com-

Erry in London, at a price exceeding 21. 6 itiftt, the lb. for every £.100 of the value thereof, according to such price .... Tea felt, the icco  - - -  -

Tdelcopes, for every £.100 of the value ... Terra, via.

-—— Japonica, for every  too of the value -  -

-----Umbra, the cwt.

-----Verda, for every £. ICO of the value

Thermometers, for every £.100 of the value. - -Thculoufe Woad. SeeWoad.

Thread, viz.

—— Bruges or Bridget, the dozen lbs. -  -  •

-—■— Colton, for everyj£. jeo of the value  -  -

. Gold and Silver Thread, the lb. -  • ' -

—<— OutnaL the dozen lbs.  ....

-----Pack Thread, the 100 lbs.  -

•----Siller's Thread, the lb.

- -'Whited Brown Thread, the dozen lbs. - -— — not particularly enumerated or deferibed, or ptherwife charged with duty, for every£.100 of the value .  -  -  -  -

Thrown Silk. See $iik.

Thyme Oil. See Op.

Ticket), as Manufactures of Flax, in Linen.

Ticks, as Manufactures of Flax, in Linen.

Tiffanies of Silk. See Silk Manufacture, is Silk.

Voi. XLV.  G

Duty-  | Drawback*

£• *'  £. 1. *

0 14 7  0118

0 1 s 5  0 12 6

003  0 b 3

*3 5 7  9 *3 1

006  oo4

25 17 o

42 7 0

0 0 3 33 0 0

G 0 ° o 7 11

*054

20 $ 4

I 1 10

1 s 0 o 19

° 'I 0 0

o 8

J3

o o

22 7 o

38 17 - 9

OO*

29 8 o

29 8 o 062 16' 13 4 16 13 ♦

O 14

46 o 15

o 15

0 4 0 7

o

o

2

3

4

9

2

29

8. 0

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Tiles, viz.

-----Flanders Tiles, the 1000

■ — Galley or Galley Tiles, the foot square —— Pan, the 1000  -  -  -

— Paving Tiles, not exceeding 10 inches fquare, the 1000  -  -

——------------exceeding 10 inches fquare, the

1000  -  -  -

—— Plain Tiles, or any other Tiles not particularly enumerated or deferibed, or otherwise charged with duty, for every £.100 of the value - • Timber. See Wood.

Tin, unwrought, the cwt. . - .

Tincal, as Borax, unrefined.

Tin Foil, for every £.100 of the value Tobacco, viz.  ‘

-—--------Unmanufactured, of the growth or produc-

tion of his Majesty's colonies, plantations, iflands, or territories in America, the lb.

——if imported by (Grangers, or by any law now in force be subject to alien's duty, then a further duty for every lb.

----------of the produce of the United States of America. See Schedule (B )

For the conditions, regulations, and reftric tions, under which tobacco may be secured in warehouses without payment of the said duties. See ACts relating thereto. .  ,

(SubjeCt also to a duty ofexcife.)

»— Pipes, the gross  -  -■

Tongues, as Provifions.

Tonnage Duty. See Schedule (D.)

Tooih Powder, for every £. 100 of the value Tornfal or Turnfole, the cwt. -(If for dyers' ufe, free.)

Tortoife-fhcll, the lb. -

Toys, not particularly enumerated or deferibed, or other-wife charged with duty, for every £*ico of the value -------

Tragacanth, Gum, See Gum.

Train Oil. Sec Oil.

Tiwys of Wood, the (hock of 60  -  -  -

Trees and Plants, free.

> Treenails. See Trcenels, in Wood.

Trenchers of Wood, the gross of 11 dozen Truffles, the lb. *  -  -  -  -

Tubs of Wood, not bound with iron, the dozen ^

Duty.  Drawback.

£• *• d-  £. t. d.

165  O II I

004.  003

* s ♦  12 6

127  IOO

115 9  IO9

33 0 0  29 8 0

0 17 7:  0 *3 7

33 0 0  29 S 0

0 0 8i  0 0 8

>001  0 0 1

0 t 6  1  Oil

33 0 0  29 8 0

0 10 8  0 10 8

0 * 5  010

33 0 0  29 8 0

0 4. 5  040

Oil  • 0 0 8

0 2 2  0 1 11

O I I  00 9

ibf] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 26.  83

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.  Duty.  Drawback.

  £. s. d.  C' u

Turmeric, the lb. - -(If for dyers* ufe, free.)  Turnery, not particularly enumerated or deferibed, or otherwise charged with duty, for every  004  004

£.100 of the value -Turpentine, via.  33 0 0  29 8 0

—    common, the cwt. -  ■ — — of Venice, Scio, or Cyprus, the lb. - -  —     of Germany, or any other place, not com-  mon Turpentine and not otherwise enu-  033  007  Ct N COO  0 0

rated or deferibed, the cwt, - - - -  America. See Schedule (B.)    Oil. See Oil.  Tutiae Lapis. See Lapis.  0 16 6  0 *3 9

Twine, the cwt, -Twift, viz.  ——of Cotton of all kinds, for every £. ico of the  0 14 4  0 11 ir

value - - ' -  44 0 0  40 8 c

—— of Gold or Silver, or both, the lb. qt. 16 02. . — for Band Strings. See Band String Twill. •  Tyger Skins. See Skins.  V. . * '  786  5 14 9

Valonia, the cwt. - - «> -(If for dyers' ufe, free.)  b 10  0 0 1

Varnilh, the cwt. - - -Valles, yiz.  ——of Stone or.Marble Sculptured. .See Sculptured Marble, in Stones.  0 12 5  i  0118

— of any other fort, for every £. 100 of the value Veal, as Provifions.  33 0 0  29 8 0

Vellum, the Ikin ' -Vctdegris, viz.  0 1 10  0 1 .9

—— - common, the lb. -(If for dyers' ufe, free.)  ■ ■■ chryftallized, the lb. .  Verjuice. See Vinegar.  0 0 10 017  009  016

Vermicelli, the lb.  004  003

Vermillion, or Cinnabar, the lb. ... Ufers. See Wood.  0 t 6  012

Vinegar or Verjuice, the tun, qt. 252 gallons - ? -  to 15 3  8 15 7

Vinefiocs, the lb. - «... Violet Leaves. See Leaves,  Virginal Wire. See Wire.  Vitriol Oil. See Oil.  VitHoluni Romaniim. Sec Copperas Blue.  o 2  067.  O 5 9

84 -Anno $V|dM^fi[po cjuatfo Gpo^gyi Iff.  *6. f 1^4.

SCHEDULE (A.V-INWARDS.

Umber, ' See Terfaj Umber, in T. Vomica Nux. Sec Nux Vomica, Vulture feathers. {ice Feathers.

W.

Wfinfcoj Boards, {See Boards in Wood, * ■ Tt,ogs, See Wood,

Walking Canes, See Canes,

Walnut pil. " See QiL Walnuts, ‘ See Walhing Balls, See Balls.

Wade Silk. See Silk.” ' ‘ ‘

Watch Cyrafles, for fyei

Watches, of Gold, Silvery or qi

|Op ttevjW

Wejr Met?1?

for every

£• 100 of the value

—— anjd further for every ounce troy of gold or silver thereon

See Spirits,

Water, Arquebufadf,

■  — Citron,

------r Hungry.

— Lavender,

—  —— J^lineral or natural Water, the dozen bottl$f of

flalks, eaclf bottle or stalk not exceeding three pints -  -

Note, tjie bottles or stalks containing such Mineral Waters are ta pay duty re (Actively.

■  ■ ■■ — Strong Water. See Cordial Water, in Spirits. Wax, vif.

—— Bees, untnanufafiured, the cwt.

—  White or maqufadiyred^ npt otherqfife dtfcrihedj

the cwt. r ‘  ' -

Hard, the lb, -  ,  •  •  •

-----Myrtle or Bay, the lb. -  *

—— Sealing Wax, See Hard Wax,

—— Candles. See Candles.

Weafel Skins. See Skins.

Weed Afhes, as AH^es.

Weld, the cwt, -  •  »  -

f If for dyers* ufe, free.)

Whale Kins, or Whale Bone, viz.

V ' —7----------------of foreign idling, the

ton of 1© cwt. "

*■■■,  ■ ?—,i,,b   —... of flffiing of the United

Kingdom, and imported in (hipping thereof, thq ton of  -

£• d.

Duty. I Drawback

£• *• ^

83 *

5?o.

33 A

0 9 9

029

1 1$ 1

*43

O -9

o o

t

O $ Q

13a 9 9 I li 0

4 5

29 8 0

Q 9 9

0*7

I to 10

1 n °

q 0. *

994

0  I 1

IS* f 0

1  u 3

SCHEDULE (A.)—IN WAR Da

Duty.

Whale Fins, or While Bone cqntmupd.  s.  4.

1 ■■  ■  1-------ofthc Unitea States, of

America* See Schedule

£B.)

Note, far the importation ot Whale Fins, Briti(h caught ind aired* See the At\ fa which this Schedule is , annfcxdd.

------Oif. See Oil.

Wheat. See Corn,

------flour. See torn.

Whet Stohes. See atones*

Whip Cotd, the lb/ „ -  -  •  -  -  O  O  4

Whilk Brboms. $ed Brooms. ;  ,  ,

White Boards for Shoemakers. See* Boards, m Wood.

White Lead. See Lead.

Wicker Ware, for etfery £. too of die tMue -  -  20  5  4

Wine, via.

----Frfeftcb, imported in (hipping of the' United Kingdom, filled, the tun, qt. 752 • gallons -  -  -  \7i

—— ■ in foreign nipping, filled, the

tu% qt 252 gallon* -  -  J77

■----1  in  (hipping of the United King.

dom, unfilled, the tun, qt. 252 gallons -  -  *70

- — • in foreign (hipping, unfilled, the

ton? qt. 252 gallons -  -  £7*

:: Sr„£,7;

—-Madeira, hnpohed in (hipping..of the United Kingdpqf/ filled, she Hut, qt.

252 gallons -  .  -  40  3

—k— in foreign,-(nipping, filled/1

the.tun, qt- 252 gallons - 50 16 5 r——1—in (hipping of the Ufiiicd Kingdom, unfilled, the tun, qt. 2$a ga^enfs -

- in foreign (hipping, unfilled, the tun, qt. 252 gallons * — Portugal, SpanSh, and Canary Wines, and all Wides of the dominions of.Spato, and the Wines of Sicily and Ndpjes, -^—imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom, filled, the' tun, qt. 252 gallons - -r in foreign (hipping, filled, fhd tun, qtr 252 gallons -

3

8

xi

XX

7

6

Drawback.

£• *•

0 0 3

1

»6 13 4

70 16 21 73 5 11

65 >9 7 ,68 4 6

546 o 5

46

47

48  o

49  f3

47 *3 S

42 17 9

44 6 1

4, 18 4 47 ,T * ,

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

-4-

Winc, Portugal Wine, &c. continued.

——:— in (hipping of the United Kingdom, unfilled, the tun, qt. 252 gallons

——— in foreign (hipping, unfilled, the tun, qt. 252 gallons -

—  Rhenilh, Germany, and Hungary Wines, im-

ported in (hipping of the United Kingdom, filled, the tun, qt. 252 gallons-

-------  in  foreign  (hipping,  filled,  the

tun, qt. 252 gallons -  -

r— in (hipping of the United Kingdom, unfilled, the tun, qt. 252 gallons

~ ■■ ” in  (hipping, unfilled, the

tun, qt. 252 gallons -

■  — not otherwise enumerated or deferibed, imported

in (hipping of the United Kingdom, filled, the tun, qt. 252 gallons -  .  .  -

——  imported in foreign (hipping, filled, the

tun, qt. 252 gallons ' -—in (hipping of the United Kingdom, unfilled, the tun, qt. 252 gallons -——-* in foreign (hipping, unfilled, the tun, qt. 252 gallons -  7  ■

Wire, viz.

——Brafs, or Copper, the c\yf.

-7---Gilt or Plated, for every £. 100 of the value

-7— and for every oz. troy of Gold or Silver thereon  r

—  Iron, the cwt. -  -  -

■  ■— Latten, the cwt.

■  — Silver or Gold, for every £. 100 of the yalue -

— ■ ■ pnd further for every oz. troy Of such Silver or Gold -  -

-----Steel, the lb.  -  -

■  --Virginal, Brafs, or Copper, the lb.

--------- Iron, the lb. -

-—* of any other fort, not particularly enumerated or deferibed, or otherwise charged with duty, for every £. 100 of the value -  «

Wifp Steel. See Steel.

Woad, Green Woad, the cwt. ' - ■ * •

(If for dyers' ufe, free.)

-------- Thouloufe Woad, the cwt. -  7  -

(If for dyers' ufe, free.)

Wolf Skins^ 7 g Skins.

Wolverings, J bCC bKlns?

III. c.z6  . [1804.

DUty.  Drawback.

£. s. d.  £• *• d.

+4 17 7  4* *5 7

46 6 6  44 4 6

37 »P 8  32 16 2

39 5 4  34 10 10

34 J7 6  TP 3 9

36 8 9  31 *4 3

35 4 6  33 2 6

37 2 7  35 0 7

32 10 1  32 8 1

34 4 *0  32 2 1

2 in  1 11 6

33 0 0  it) S P

0 0 9  OOP

4 8 7  3 >9 6

I 19 H  1 11 3

20 5 4  16 13 4

0 0 9  0 0 9

0 1 *  0 1 0

015  0 1 4

0 1 6  0 1 5

33 0 0  29 8 0

0 a 7  0 1 9

0 4 5  0 3 5

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS*  Duty.  Drawback.

Wood, viz.  — Anchor Stocks imported in (hipping of the United  £- i. d.  £' d.'

Kingdom, each ■ ■ in foreign (hipping, each -  017 0 1 8  0 0 II O I ••

tations, each ...  ■— A(hes. See A fees.  — Balk, being 5 inches fquare, and under 8 inches fquare, or if 24 feet in length, or up* wards, the 120,  —— imported in (hipping of the United  007  

Kingdom -— in foreign (hipping, the 120 — under 5 inches fquare, and under 24. feet in length, the 120,  •— imported in (hipping of the United  2 11 11 2 16 7  I 0 11 1 5 7

Kingdom - - -—— in foreign (hipping, the 120 —— of all iorts, under 8 inches fquare, of the growth and production of the Briiilh colonies and plantations in America, for  0 19 0 * * 4  0 10 3 0 12 7

every 120 - - - -    being 8 inches square and upwards, are to be  conlidered ts Timber, and paydutyasfuch.  —  Barrel Boards* See Boards, in Wood*  —  Barrel Staves. See Staves, in Wood.  —  Battens, being 8 feet in length and under 12 feet,  and not exceeding 7 inches in breadth, nor 2i inches in thickncfs, the 120,  —— imported in (hipping of the United  0 11 0  

Kingdom -  —— 3 inches in thickncfs, the 120,  —-imported in (hipping of the United  0 8 10 0 11 2  0 '6 10 088

Kingdom ...  096  0 *1 4

■ 1 - in foreign (hipping, the 120 — being 3$ inches in thicknefs, the 120,  — — imported in (hipping of the United  0 11 10  * 1 T  Q 9 7

Kingdom -—— in foreign (hipping the 120 ——4 inches in thickncfs, the 120,  — imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom ....  ■ - '» ■■■■ in foreign (hipping, the 120 — ■— 4* inches in thickncfs, the 120,  —imported in (hipping of the United  0 10 1 0 12 7  9 '7 0 0 10 2

  0 10 10 0 13 2  0 8 6 0 jo 8

Kingdom ...  0116  0 .9 1

> in foreign (hipping, the xao  0 13 11  0 11 5

SCHEDULE ( A.)—INWARDS.  Duty*  Drawback.

Wood, Battens, continued.  being ii feet in length and under 14 feet in length, not exceeding 7 inches in breadth, nor io thickness 2? inches, the 120,  ■ — imported in Chipping of the United  £• d.  £.r. i.

„ Kingdom ....  0 10 2  ! 0 7 11

■■ in foreign Chipping, the 120 - ■ • "-being 3 inches in thicknefs, the 120,  — imported in (hipping of (he United  0 iz t  • 0 10 2

Kingdom *  0 it 4  087

—    in foreign (hipping, the i20  ■ 3I inches in thicknels, the 120,  — imported in (hipping of the United  6 »3 3  , 0 10 8

Kingdom -  0 12 1  0 9 3

——— in foreign (hipping, the 12O —■ — 4 inches in thieknefs, the 12©,  -  imported in (hipping of the United  0 14  0 11 9  '■

Kingdom -  0 12  0 9 ir

—*-— in foreign (hippiivg, the 120 — imported in (hipping of the United  Q 14 It  0 12 6

. Kingdom -  ■ ^ — in foreign (hipping, the 120 ——being I4feet and Under 16 feet in length, and nor exceeding 7 inches in breadth, nor exceeding in tnicknefc 2£ inches, the 120,  —— imported in (hipping of the United  ; 0 »3 7 0 *5 8  0 ic 8  ; 0 1] 4

Kingdom -  «—    in foreign (hipping, the 120  — »3 inches in thicknefs, the 120,  —— imported in (hipping of the United  0 xi 6 , 0 14 8  O 9 0  0 XX 7  1

Kingdom -  0 it 8  0 9? 0 12 0  - A

“  in foreign (hipping, the 120  * » 3^ inches in thicknefs, the 120,  — imported in (hipping of the United  015 7  

Kingdom  0 13 5  0 Ip 6  0.3 ^

—*— in foreign (hipping, the 120 —4inches in thicknefs,tire 120,  —.— imported in (hipping of the United  0 10 6  

Kingdom -  0 14 4  0 »J 3  0 1+ s

—— in foreign (hipping, the 120 ■< * 4^ inches in thicknefs, the 120,  0 17 7  

— imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom -— ■ in foreign (hipping, the 120 —being 16 feet and under 18 feet in length, not exceeding 7 inches in breadth, nor  0 15 3  0 19 I  0 i? 0  0 15 i

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

hW, Battens, continued,

exceeding In thickness a, inches, tbej 120,

-----imported in (hipping of the United

Kingdom -  *

—*—*— in foreign (hipping, the 120J

-  2  inches  in  thicknefs,  the  iaa,

-----imported in dipping at the United

Kingdom  -  -  -  *

—*■ *— in foreign (hipping, the I2e|

-  — ■ ■ 3* inches in thicknefs, the iae,

—  imported in (hipping of the United]

Kingdom -

—1-in foreign (hipping, the ltd]

—-4 inches in thicknefs, the 1 So,

—  imported in (hipping of the United

Kingdom  -  -  -  -

in foreign (hipping, the 120}

4t inches in thicknefs, the 120,

------imported in (hipping of the Unhodf

Kingdom

--------in foreign (hipping, the fact

— being 18 feet in length and not e*cecd-f ing 20 feet in length, and not exceeding 7 inches in breadth, nor in thicknekf inches, the 120,

•---imported in (hippingoftheUnitodj

Kingdom -  -  -  !

in foreign (hipping, the >20

-T*4"— 3 inches in thicknefs, the >20,

—  imported in (hipping of the United

Kingdom

+ —— in foreign (hipping, thej 120

inches in thisknefs, the ia<*

—  imported m (hipping of the United

Kingdom

*------in foreign (hipping* tht\

>20

*w*~ 4 inches in thicknefs, the >20^

—  imported in (hipp&ng Of the United}

Kingdom «*—— in foreign Slipping* she 12O

4* inches in thieknef*, the HO •— itpported in (hipping of the United Kingdom . -  *

Duty.  Drawbick.

£' *■  £• *• d.

0 it 6  O 10 |

0 iS 5  0 it 10

° 'I 2  0 10 11

0 16 6  O 14 0

O 1+ 4  Oil 9

0 17 ij  0 15 ,

0 *5 J  ' 0 it 7

° *9 5  0 16 2

0 16 1  0 13 4

* 0 *•  • 17 2

0 1+2  0 11 3

0 16 4  0 14 4

0 15 0  0 12 1

° >7 7  0 iS 5

0 16 0  0 *3 ^

0 18 8  0 16 7

0 16 10  0 14 s

100  0 17 10

0 18 0  0 14 ix

SCHEDULE (A.J—INWARDS,

Wood, Battens, continued.

*  ------------  imported  in  foreign  (hipping, the

j 20

exceeding 20 feet in length, and not exceeding 7 inches in breadth, nor in thickness 2* inches, 4he 120,

■ — imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom ...

■ ■ ■■ ■ > in foreign (hipping, the 120

■ ■  3 inches in thicknefs, the 120,

.....imported in (hipping of the United

Kingdom -  -  •

—— —- in foreign (hipping, the " 120  -  1

*  — 2i inches in thicknefs, the 120,

—  imported in (hipping of the United!

Kingdom ...

—— in foreign (hipping, the 120

*  —- 4. inches in thicknefs, the 120,

—  imported in (hipping of the United

Kingdom ——in foreign (hipping, the 120

—— 4$ inches in thicknefs, the 120,

imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom -— ■ ■ in foreign (hipping, the 120

——of the growth and production of the Britifli colonies and plantations in America, the 120 -—— exceeding 7 inches in breadth to be deemed as Deals, and to pay duty as such, according to their rcfpe&ive dimensions.

— Batten Ends, being under 5 feet in length, anc not exceeding 7 inches in breadth, nor in thickness 2\ inches, the 120, —— imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom •

—— in foreign (hipping, the 120

' — — -  ■  3  inches  in  thicknefs,  the 120,

— imported in (hipping of the #  , United Kingdom

Duty.  Drawback; ;

JL• *• i  £• *•

tzi  0 19 4'  *1

0 17 0  0 *4 1

1 1 s  0 *7 11"

0 18 3  0 15 1

129  0 *9 5

0 19 4  0 16 3

140  r 0 9  |

1 * 5  0 18 1 !

1 5 10  1 2 4

1 2 2  0188

180  1 4 4

056  <6  0  O

0 1 10  1 0 1 g

02 4  0 2 a

0 2 0  1 0 1 10

J

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.  Duty.  Drawback.

  £. s. d.  £•

Rood, Batten Ends, continued.  ■ - imported in foreign (hipping! the 120  027  0 a. s

——imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom  022  0 1 it

——in foreign (hipping, the 120 - - -  029  026

■ — imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom - - -  0 2 5  022

—— in foreign (hipping, the 120  O 2 II  028

■ imported in (hipping of the * united Kingdom  0 2 7  0*3

—*— in foreign (hipping, the 120  0 3 I  0 2 10

not exceeding 7 inches in breadth, nor in thickness 2i inches, the 120,' — imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom  0 2 6  023

- in foreign (hipping, die 120  0 3 1  0 2 19

— imported in (hipping of thef United Kingdom  029  025

—— in foreign (hipping, the 120 - - -  0 3 5  031

-— imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom  0 3 1  027

—— — in foreign (hipping, * the 120  imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom - . -  038 0 3 5  0 3 ”1  0 lift

—— in foreign (hipping, the 120  04°  036

■ , » ■— 44 inches in thicknefs, the 120,  imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom  0  00  030

the 120  045  04®

dudion of the Britith colonies and plantations in America, the 120  056  006

SCHEDULE (A-)—INWAkttfc.

Wood, fatten fends, continued.

— >■■—■ exceeding 7 inches in breadth to be ddcmea &s Dell Ends, and to pay duty according to their refpc&ive diujenfidris.

— Beech Boards. See boards, ih Wood,

------Plank, being 2 inches in thicXnefs.or up-

wafds, the load, qt. 50 cubic feet, —*— imported in (Hipping of the United Kingdom ^  -

-------«■ iri foreign feippiBg

■  ■  of  thk  growth  of  prriduttion^ of the

BritHfi criloriies or plantations in America, the 220  -

— Quarters, being $ inches (quare arid under 8 inches Iqiihfe^ the 120,

imported in (hipping of the Uriite'd Kingdom -

-------in foreign (hipping

■■  —  being  under jj inches (quare, the jack

-----imported in (hip^iflg or the

Unked Kirigdoih  -

-----— fh fdrfcign (nipping, tnc

126

—a— of ail fefts, brider jj inches iquarc, of the growth and production of the Britilh' colrihies and plantations ih America, the tao -- Boards, Efarrel, the 120,

—— irhported dripping of the United Kingdom -

------- in foreign (hipping -  -

——•-*- Beech', tinder 2 iriches in thicknefs, arid under 15 feet in length, the 120, —*~v irftported hi (hipping, of the United I kingdom  -

—a-— iri foreign (hipping, the 120 r under 2 inches in thickhefs, and bfefrig 1$ feet in length and upwards, the lad, ,  .

—-— imported iri (nipipirig of tne United Kingdom -  -

— imported in fdfeign (hipping, (fie 126 _ -v -—Cl3p Boards, or Clap Holt, riot exceeding.

5 feet 3 inches in length, and under 8 inches (quare, the 120,

fruty.

X>awl

£% i# d.

o 9

S

c

5 4 o S

0 3  5  0

* 7

«■ 15

o *5

o 17

on

° IS

O 10

o 13 0 18

0  17

1  o

o 18

.1 3

o 9 O 12

O 1

5l ® »4

Oij |

8

2

1

iaj

o 9 1

— * \

O II li

0 II I

o 13 a

tow rffpi q\i»dr?gp(Ja)p Qmw HI. c. *$,  99

SpfjN^DULE (A.)—INWARDS,

T

boards, Clap Boardf continued*

— i ■- imported in (bippipg pf the United K'Pgdom * -——* ip foreign (bippipg, the 120

■  i1 ■—* of the growth and production

pf the fyitifb colonic* and plantations in America, the

|2Q  *  *  -

t- Lion Board*, or White Boards, fpr Shoemakers, 4 feet in length, and Under 6 inphqs in thjcknefa, the lift,

«r-r- imported in (hipping of tbp United Kingdom -7—,— in. foreign (hipping, the I &

" ■ — x- 4 ffet in length, and ip thicg-nefs 6 inches, the J20, x-r- imported in (hipping pf the United Kingdom -. -in foreign (hipping, the i?o *  -

-r— Oak, under 2 inches in thicknefa, and under ij feet in length, the m<la r- imported in pipping of the United Kingdom -  -

—1—r in foreign uwpptng* the m» -  -  -

—— under  2 inchea in thickest* and as

feet in length ox upward** tbn 1 w, “1—s imported ip (hipping W the United Kingdom *  ■»

-----rr in foreign (hippmgf the-

120 - -  ■

■■ Paling hewed on the one fide, PQt- exceeding 7 feet in length, the 12Q» -5—*- op ported « (hiPP'^S *"e United Kingdom - -■. ..Ti'v in foreign flipping, the 120

■  ---exceeding 7 foot in length, the, 120,

-rrr-i ipipnued in (hipping of the United Kingdom, ~ . “ —r—r in foreign (hipping* the igo -. ■

Pvtjr,

4.

o 17 b 17

o 8

1 18 * 4

3  *7

4  8

t 5 8

1 10 8 1 13 9

1 *9

2 11

3 4

S «

$ 3

Drawback.

(' 4

0 9 3 O 9 11

009

1 3 6 1 9 •

270 3 18 •

0  18 4

* 3 4

1  3 * 1% I

0 * S.

s no

020 o 2 f

f

94 Annoregni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 26. [ 1'

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS,  4 Duty.  Drawl

Wood, Boards, continued*  ■ Pipe, above 5 feet 3 inches in length, and not exceeding 8 feet in length, and under 8 inches (Square, the 120, —— imported in (hipping of the  £»• *• 4.  £.  \  ]

United Kingdom *  in foreign Ihipping,  0 16 IC  °1

the 120  ■ " — exceeding 8 feet in length, and under 8 inches fquare, the 120, ——imported in (hipping of-the  0 17 8  0 i

United Kingdom — — in foreign (hipping.  0 18 2  0 ;

the 120  — of all forts, exceeding 5 feet 3 ' inches in length, and under 8 inches fquare, of the growth and production of the British colonies and plantations in Ame-  0 19 3  0 8  I

rica, the 120 «■— Wainfcot, the foot, containing 12 feet in length, and one inch in thick-new, and fo in proportion for * any greater or less length or thicknefs,    imported in (hipping of the  067  0 0

United Kingdom  007  0 0

■ ■ - in foreign (hipping  merated or deferibed, or other-wife charged with duty, being of the growth and production of the Briti(h colonies and plan-  008  0 0 '

tations in America, the no - White. See Linn Boards.  —* Boom Sparse See Spars.  —— Bowsprits. See Mails, in Wood. *  —— Boxwood, the ton, qt. 20 cwt.    imported in Ihipping of the  034  0 0 ;|

United Kingdom ■ ■ — in foreign Ihipping the  288  1 9 !  .a 41

ton, qt. 20 cwt. fettlements, in America or Africa, the  2 u 5  I 12 *

ton, qt. 26 cwf. - - ' Brazil or Fernambucco Wood, the ton, qt. 20  1 1 *  0 x 9  rf A

cwt. *  (If for dyers' ufc, free.)    0 j 9

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.  Duty.  Drawback.

Wood continued.  £- » d.  £• *• d.

—Bnziletto or Jamaica, the ton, qti ao cwt. (If for dyer*' life, free.)  0 II 3  0 10 3  •

*—Cam, the ton, qt. ao cwt. -(If for dyers* ufe, free.)  — Cant Spars. see Spars, in Wood.  •— Clap Holt. See Clap Boards.  —Deals, being 8 feet in length, and under 12 feet in length, and not exceeding 2i inches in thicknefs, the 120,    imported in (hipping of the United  I S 8  024

Kingdom -■ ■ — in foreign (hipping, the 120 —— 3 inches in thicknefs, the 120,  ■ ■— imported in (hipping of the United  O O sO +■  U> O*  0 *3 3  0 17 1

Kingdom - -  0 *5 9  0 14 4

— 34 inches in thicknefs, the 120,  — imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom ....  106  0 15 10

  0 17 1  0 *5 7

■ — in foreign (hipping, the 120 — 4 inches in thicknefs, the 120,  — imported in (hipping of the United  1 1 10  0 17 10

Kingdom - . -    — in foreign (hipping, the 120  4$ inches in thicknefs, the 120,    imported in (hipping of the United  Kingdom «...  —  in foreign (hipping, the 120  —^ being 12 feet in length, and under 14 feet in length, and not exceeding in thicknefs, 24 inches, the 120,  imported in (hipping of the United  0  18 4.  1  3 3  0  16 8  1  I 2

  0 *9 7 * 5 8  0  17 8  1  2 8

Kingdom -  0 16 10  0 15 5

—  in foreign (hipping, the 120  — 3 inches in thicknefs, the 120,  —— imported in (hipping of the United  1 1 2  ° 19 9

Kingdom - - -  0 18 1  0 16 10

  in foreign (hipping, the 120  — 3J inches in thicknefs, the 120,  — imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom -  1211  106

  ° 19 3  018 t

  in foreign (hipping, the 120,  — 4 inches in thicknefs, the 120,    imported in (hipping of the United  Kingdom -—— in foreign (hipping, the 120 •— inches in thicknefs, the tao,  1 4 7  1 3 *■

  1 A 5  163  0  19 3  1  5 9

Duty.  Dr* w\ *

£• * d*  I. a.

1 z S 1 8 .1  1 0 *

p 19 7  I J 6  0 17 x 2

1 t r * 7 4  0 *  1 4

t 2 11. 1 8 7  1 0 1 6

* 4 9 1 to 3  x 2 I 6 |

1 6 5  1 H *  «3 i  I 10 -

1*7 1 8 1  0 19  x 3 (

1 JIO I 10 10  i  X i 9 * 7 9|

1 8 1 IJJ 2  1 3 4  1 9 10

1 10 3 ( lh .4  150 1 12 1 i

I 12 5 I 19 ll  1 6 7 * »4 3 |

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Wood, Pealf,&c. pqntinued.

—■■  ■ imported in (hipping  of  the  United

kingdom  *

—• >. in foreign {hipping* the IRQ . ——* being 14 feet in length, and finder 16 feet in length* and not exceeding la thieknsh 2t inches, the 120,

....imported in (hipping of the United

Kingdom  -

---*— in foreign (hipping* the 120

—'— 3 inche» in thwkneft* the lap,

—»-*- imported in (hipping of the Unite* Kingdom  -  -,

------— in foreign (hipping* the I2Q

—r— 3| inches in thicknefs, the 120.

"■»" imported in (hipping of the .United Kingdom  *  -  -  1

—  « in foreign (hipping* the 120 • ■ ■ 4 inches in thieknos, the tap,

imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom  -

— ■■  t— in foreign (hipping, the 120 44 inchef in thickne^, the 120,

imported in (hipping pf the United Kingdom  -  -

■  »  —  in  foreign  (hipping* the 120

•—▼being 16 feet in length, and finder 18 teet in length* and opt exceeding in thicknefe 24 inches, the 130,

—  - imported in (hipping of the United

Kingdom  -

---r— uj foreign (hipping, the 120

—  3 inchef in thicknefjs the 120,

—  imported in (hipping of the United

Kingdom -

------— in foreign (hipping* the lao

—— 34 inche* in thicknefs, the 120,

—> imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom  ....

i-,- in foreign (hipping, the 130 —4 inches in ibicknrfo, the 120,

->—■■■»imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom  -

... in foreign (hipping* the i?Q

—  44 inches in thicknefs, the 12O,

—  imported in (hipping pf the United

Kingdom  •  •  -

• -  —  in  foreign  (hipping, the j30

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Wood, Deals, &c. continued*

— feeing 18 feet in length, and not exceeding *  20  feet in length, and not exceeding in

thicknefs 2* inches, the 120,

—  imported in (hipping of the United

Kingdom  -

-------in foreign (hipping, the 120

—— 3 inches in thicknefs, the 120,

—  imported in (hipping of the United

Kingdom  -

■  — ■ in foreign (hipping, the 120 — 3i inches in thicknefs, the 120,

—— imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom  -  ,  -  -  -

■  in foreign (hipping, the 120 4 inches in thicknefs, the 120,

—■ imported in (hipping of the United

Kingdom  «...

■  '  in  foreign  (hipping, tKe 12Q

—-  inches in thicknefs, the 120,

—  imported in (hipping of the United

Kingdom  -

-----— in foreign (hipping, the 120

exceeding 20 feet in length, and not exceeding 25 feet in lei^tb, and not exceeding iii thickness 2i inches, the 120,

—  imported in (hipping of die Unitec

Kingdom,  ....

-------- in  foreign  (hipping, the 120

3  inches in thicknefs, the 120,

—  imported in (hipping of the Unitec

Kingdom  -

——— in foreign (hipping, the 120 ■— 2i inches in thicknefs, the 120,

—  imported in (hipping of the United

Kingdom ....

■■ «■■■ ■ in foreign (hipping, the 12O —4 inches in thicknefs, the 120,

—  imported in Dripping of the Uhitec

Kingdom -- - in foreign (hipping, the 120 — 4x inches in thicknefs, the 120,

—— imported in (hipping of die Unitec Kingdom -.  -

—— in foreign (hipping, the 120

• feet in length, and not exceeding . thickness 2i inches, the 120,

VouXLV.  'H

Duty.

Drawback,

in

£• *• d.  

1 4 i  X 98  1 2 t 1 8 a

i 6 11 1 11 11  1 3 11 1 10 6

192 1 i+ 8  1 s 11  I 12 2

1 11 4  I j6 10  187  I 15 2

1  13 7  2  ! 1  I 0. 7 i 18 s

198  1 xy5  1 7 7 * *5 S

1 11 11 a 0 8  1 9 9 1 18 3

1  14 1  2  3 5  1  12 1  2  1 1

1 16 4 a 5 1  1 14 6 240

1 18 C 2811  1  /  • 1 16 9 t 2 7 10

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.  Duty.  Drawback

Wood, Deals, &c« continued.  £ *• d  : £. s. d.

Kingdom -  1 16 ,  4 j 13 *

  — in foreign (hipping, the 120  2 !  8226

— 3 inches in thickncfs, the 120,  — imported in (hipping of the Unitec Kingdom ...  x 19 :  1 1 15 ro

—■ - in foreign (hipping, the 120  2 10 :  1261

— 3! inches in thicknefs, the 120,  ‘  imported in (hipping of the United  Kingdom -  2 II(  ) x 18 It

——in foreign (hipping, the 120  2 13 11  [297

** 4 inches in thicknefs, the 120,  — imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom • -  * 4 7  227

■ -—■ in foreign (hipping, the 120  117 a  2 13 1

—-— 45 inches in thicknefs, the 120,  — imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom -  2 7 10  2 4 3

—  in foreign (hipping, the 120  3  2 17 9

— being 30 feet and upwards in length, and not exceeding in thickness 2* inches the 120, *  —imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom *  2 2 11  1 18 it

■■■■■■ in foreign (hipping* the 120  2 15 0  2 9 10

3 inches in thicknefs, the 120*  ■ ■ ■ imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom -  262  2 1 10

b — ■ in foreign (hipping, the 120 -  306  a 13 11

—— 34 inches in thicknefs, the 120,  —— imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom - - -  296  * i1

    in foreign (hipping, the 120  — 4 inches in thicknefs, the 120,  —— imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom -• -  3 4 “  2101*

  2 13 4  2 to 0

1   in foreign (hipping, the 120  3 9 4  324

- 44 inches in thicknefs, the iso,  —— imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom  2 17 2  2 11 9

— ■ in foreign (hipping, the 120  3 17 0  379

Deal Ends, being under 5 feet in length, and not exceeding in thickness 24, the no,  —— imported in Hupping of -the United Kingdom  038  n t 8

    in foreign (hipping, the 120  0 4 5> 1  0 3°

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Wood, Deal Ends, &c. continued*

— 3 inches in thicknefs, the 120*

—  imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom -

•— in foreign (hipping, the 120

—  34 inches in thicknefs, the 120,

—  imported in (hipping of the United

«  Kingdom  ...

— in foreign (hipping, the 120

—  4 inches in thicknefs, the 120,

—  imported in (hipping of the United

Kingdom

.  .«■ — in foreign (hipping, the 120

—  44 inches in thicknefs, the 120,

— imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom ...

■  ■  ■■  in foreign (hipping, the 120

— being 5 feet and under 8 feet in length,

and not exceeding in thickness 2*

. inches, the 120,

—  imported in (hipping of the United

Kingdom  ...

—— in foreign (hipping, the 120

—  3 inches in thicknels, the 120,

—  imported in (hipping of the United

Kingdom  -

# -—- in foreign (hipping, the 120 —- 3! inches in thicknefs, the 120,

—- imported fn (hipping of the United Kingdom  ...

■  —  in foreign (hipping, the 120

—  4 inches in thicknefs, the 120,

—  imported in (hipping of the United

Kingdom  ...

----— in foreign (hipping, the 120

—  44 inches in thicknefs, the 120,

—  imported in (hipping of the United

Kingdom —— in foreign (hipping, the 120 —. Deals and Deal Ends of all forts, of the growth or production of the British colonies or plantations in America, the 120 -— Ebony of the growth or production of .the British colonies, plantations, or fettlements, in Africa or America, the ton, qt. 2Q cwt.

■—— of any other* country or place, the ton, qt. 20 cwt; -

H 2

> Duty.  Drawback*

£• *•  (C* d.

040  ° 3 7

054  048

0 4 5  060  0 3 11 052

  042

065  056

056  046

072  062

t

* 4

6. 9

5 8 7 4

5 i

S 9

8 10

056

o 14 8 16 o

045

059

o 4 10 062

I 8

057

071

o 5 11 079

006

839

SCHEDULE (A)—INWARDS.  Duty.  Drawback.

Wood continued.  — Fire Wood, the fathom, being 6 feet wide and 6 feet high,  — imported in Chipping of the  £• *• A  £- s. A

United Kingdom -■ i . in foreign (hipping, the  0 a 3  0 1 s

fathom  ——— of the Britifli colonies or plantations  029  022

in America, the fathom -— Fir Quarters, under 5 inches fquare, and under 24 feet in length, the 120, n- imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom   in foreign (hipping, the  0 0 7 0 12 1  0 0 g 097

120 -  fquare, if 24 feet or upwards, in length, the 12b,  —«- imported in (hipping of the  0 IS 5  012 1

United Kingdom ■ % in foreign (hipping, the 120 -  of the growth and production of the Britim colonies or plantations  1 4 2  1 10 10  0 18 4  >35  r

in America, the j2o -  Fir Timber, See Timber, in Wood.  0 11 0  0 I 0

—— Fuftick, the ton, qt. 20 cwt. -(If for dyers* ufe, free.)    Guinea Wood. See Red Wood.  —— Handrpikes, under 7 feet in length, the tto,  —*- imported ifi (hipping of the  0 16 6  016

United Kingdom -—;— in foreign (hipping, the  0 38  024

120 -  ■ 1 »' " ■ of the growth or production of the Britim colonies or plantations in  0 3 9  0 2 5

America, the 120 the i20,  —— imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom *■  016  0 0 2

  0 S 10  046

1 in foreign (hipping, the 120 Britim colonies or plantations in  © 6 7  053

' America, the 120  0 2 9  0 0 3

Wood continued.

—- Knees of Oak, under 5 inches fquare, the ICO,

. ,   imported  in (hipping of the

United Kingdom •

■ ■  in foreign (hipping, the

tae

' ««  ■■  being 5 inches, and under 8 inches

(quare, the no,

■ imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom -—— in foreign flapping, the 120 ■ ■»"■■■■ of all forts under 8 inches fquare, of the growth or production of the British colonies or plantations in America, the 120  -  -

** —  ■"  above 8 inches fquare, the load, qt

50 cubic feet,

' ■ imported ht (hipping of the United Kingdom

-------in foreign (hipping, the

load, qt. 50 cubic feet ■«*■*■*  1 of the growth or production of the

Britilh Colonies or plantations in America, being 8 inches square or upwards, the toad, qt. 50 cubic fleet —LathwOod, in pieces under 5 feet in length, the fathom, being 6 feet wide, and 6 feet high,

-----imported in (hipping of the

Kingdom

......in foreign (hipping,

the fathom

— »■■■■■■■ in pieces, being 5 feet in length and upwards, the fathom, feeing 6 feet wide and 6 feet high,

—- imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom -. -*■ — in foreign (hipping the fathom ■ -«— ■' ■ in pieces of all forts, of the growth and prod u(Sion of the Btitifli colonies and plantations in America, the fathom, being 6 feet wide and 6 feet high —— Lignum Yitte, the tun, qt. 20 twt. * «

• (If for dyers' ufe, free.)

----Lin Boards. See Boards, in Wood.

— Logwood, the ton, qt. ao ewt. *

(If for dyers' ufe, free.)

Duty.

o 3 1 O 4 II

o 17 <

O 18 J

0 5 1

0 5 i o 6 ;

O 3

O II )i

0 12 1

O 17 o 19.

© 3 *

0 7

o 6

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS,  Duty.  Drawback.

Wood continued. '  *  Logs, Wainfcot. See Wainfcot, in Wood.  —— Mahogany, the growth or production of any part of America or the Weft Indies, the  £. s. d.  £• *• d.

ton, qt. 20 cwt. f -  O 14 4  0 * 4

or place, the ton, qt. 20 cwt. - - '  Schedule (B).'  —— Mafts, Yards, and Bowfprits, bang 6 inches in diameter and under 8 inches in diameter, the piece,  ■ imported in (hipping of the  2 II 4  1 18 4

United Kingdom - - -  0 2 7  0 1 11

piece  0 2 8  0 2 0

in America, the piece  in diameter, the piece,  imported in flapping of the  a 2 2  0. i 6

United Kingdom •* --——- in foreign (hipping,  054  036

the piece  058  04s

in America, the piece  .diameter, the load, qt. 50 cubic feet,.  r—r imported in (hipping of the  0 4 5  0 3 I

United Kingdom - - • -—-—in foreign (hipping, the  0 17 3  098

load, qt. 50 cubic feet in America, the load, qt. 50 cubic  0 18 4  0 10 9

feet - • -N.B. Mafts, Yards, and Bowfprits, under 6 inches in diameter, to pay duty as Spars of the like denomination.  0 15 s  0 7 10

— Nicaragua Wood, the ton, qt. 20 cwt. ? -(If for dyers' ufe, free.) . . —— Oak Boards. See Boards, in Wood.  ■  Knees. See Knees of Oak, in Wood.' _  —— Plank, being 2 inches and upwards in thick-nefs, the load, qt. 50 cubic feet.  2 12 5  1 16 s

Kingdom «...  0 12 6  O  (A  O

SCHEDULE ( )— INWARDS.

Wood, Oak Plank, &c.continued.

- —-  imported in foreign (hipping, the

load, qt. 50 cubic feet

—  — of all forts, of the growth or pro-

duction of the British colonies or plantations in America, the 120 -

—  Timber. See Timber, in Wood.

—  Oars, the 120,

-----imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom

-- ■ ■ in foreign (hipping, the 120 — of the growth or production of the British colonies or plantations in America, the 120

—— Olive Wood, of the British colonies, plantations, or settlements in Africa or America, the ton, qt 20 cwt. , --  ■  ■■  of  the growth of any other place, the

ton, qt. 20 cwt. -

----Paling Boards. See Boards, in Wood.

----Pipe Boards. See Boards, in Wood.

----Plank, Beech. See Beech, in Wood.

-----Oak. See Oak, in Wood..

----Red or Guinea Wood, the ton, qt. 20 cwt.

(Iffor dyers' ufe, free.)

—  Round Wood in pieces under 8 inches fquare, and

under 6 feet in length, the 120,

- —- imported in lhipping of the United Kingdom

—-----in foreign (hipping, the

120

—' ■ in pieces -under 8 inches fquare, and being 6 feet in length or upwards, the 120,

—— imported - in (hipping of the United Kingdom

—------in foreign (hipping, the

120  -  -

—  in pieces of all forts, under eight inches

fquare, of the growth and pro-' du&ion of the British colonies or plantations in America, the 120 -Sapan Wood of the British colonies or plantations, for every £100 of thp Value ■—I''  of the produce of any other country,

for every/100 of the value *“*- Spars, under 22 feet in length, and under 4 inches in diameter, exdufive of the bark, the 120, ~— imported in (hipping pf the United Kingdom

Doty.  Drawback.

£• *• d.  £ •-d.

0 14 1  07 $

056  006

*  231  1 ? 4

2 10 i  i 16 4

0 13 i  012

083  0 a 9

160  028

160  028

0 11 0  05 6

0 12 1  667

12 0  0 11 0

* 4 *  0 13 2

0 2 2  002

3 *9 a  —

ao 5 4  16 13 4

4  081  0 3 10

Wood, Spars, &c. continued.

-----imported in foreign (hipping, the 120 -

■  ■  being.  22  feet in length and upwards, and

under 4 inches in diameter, exclusive of the bark, the 120,

— imported in Slipping of the United Kingdom ■- ■ — in foreign (hipping, the 120 ——■ 4 inches and under 6 inches in diameter, exclusive of the bark, the 120,

■  ■ imported in (hipping of the

1  United  Kingdom  -

*— in foreign Slipping, the 120 - -—**- of aH forts, under fix inches in diameter, exclusive of the bark, of the growth or production of the Britirti colonies or plantations in America, the 120 N. B. All Spars 6 inches and upward* in diameter, are to pay duty, as Marts according to their respective dimen-'fioAs.

—— 5ptekled Wood of the British colonies, plantations, or fetttements in Africa, or America, the ton, ql. 2  6cwt. -

■■ ■ >■ of the growth of any other country Or place, the ton, qt. 20 cwt.

— Spokes for Wheels, dot exceeding 2 feet in length, the 1000, mtm.m—imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom

■ ■ in foreign (hipping, the 1000

■  1.  —  —  1  ■  exceeding 2 feet in length, the

1000,

......  imported in (hipping

of the United King dom

-- ■■■ ■ in foreign (hipping, the 1000

—■ 1 ■ » »»*■ ■ of all forts, of the growth or production of the BritiOi colonies or plantations in America, the 1000 r— Staves of all forts, not exceeding 50 inches in length, the 120  «...

Duty.  Drawback.,

£,• *•  f. s. d.

0 8 11  0  *  00

0 16 6  0 7 ir

0 17 7  090

1 15 2  O 17 4

1 17 5  0 jq 7

067  0  0  '-a

0 11 0  010

2 15 0  234

0 13 11  0 511

0 16 2  080

1 9 ♦  014 4

1 12 8  0 16 8

*■  O  005

6  0  VJ  0 0 1

Wood, Stines, continued.

—— of all forts, exceeding 50 iriches in length, the 120  -  -  -  -  -

— of the United States of America, See Schedule (B.)

—Sweet Wood, of the growth or production of the British colonies, plantations, or fcttlements, in Africa or America, the ton, qt. 20 cwt. - -(If for dyers' ufc, free.)

■ -  of  any  other  country  or  place, the ton,

qt. 20 cwt. .... (If for dyers' ufe, free.)

—— Timber, vie.

------Fir Timber, being 8 inches fquare, and

not exceeding 10 inches fquare, the load, qt.50 cubic feet,

imported in shipping of the United Kingdom .  •

■  ....in foreign (hi p-

fhipping, the load, qt. 50 Cubic fttt

«  ■' —— exceeding 10 inches fquare, the

load, qt. 50 cubic feet,

.... imported in dripping of

the United Kingdom

■  .... in foreign (hip-

ping, the load, qt. 50 cubic feet -

■  ■  —»being 8 inches square or upwards,

of the growth or production of the British colonies or plantations in America, the load, qt. 50 cubit feet *•—* Oak Timber, 8 inches square or upwards, the load, qt. 50 cubit feet,

■' imported in shipping of the United Kingdom

........in foreign fhip-

1  *  ping,  the  load

qt. co cubic

I *  feet  -  -

IQf  d.

o I

Duty.

Drawback.

OOl

O II O

360

O49

2 16 O

O45

0 5 3

04.9

056

018

076

084

099

0 3 7

o 2 to

o 3 g

0 0 9

O3O

o 3 10

Wood, Spar*, &c. continued.

-----imported in foreign (hipping, the lao -

■ ■ ■ being, aa feet in length and upwards, and under 4 inches in diameter, exdulive of the bark, the 120,

—— imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom

—  1 • • in foreign (hipping, the 120 —— 4 inches and under 6 inches itl diameter,

exdulive of the batk, the 120,

—  imported in (hipping of the

1  (  United  Kingdom -

— in foreign Slipping, the 120

—- of «B forts, under fix inches in diameter, ex-clufive of the bark, of the growth or production of the British colonics or plantations in America, the 120 N. B. All Spars 6 inches and upwards in diameter, are to pay duty.as Mafts according to their respective dimen-• (tons.

——-Sptekled Wood of the British colonies, plants-tions, or settlements in Africa, or America, the ton, ql. a0 cwt. -- ■ >  of  the growth of any other country

Or place, the ton, qt. 20 cwt.

— Spokes for Wheels, hot exceeding 2 feet in length, ^  the  1000,

——— imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom

———in foreign (hipping, the 1000

«— ......... ■  exceeding  2  feet  in length, the

1000,

——  imported in (hipping

of the United King dom -  -

— — • ■ in foreign (hipping, the iooo

*"■' 1« > '»»'■■■ of all forts, of the growth or production of the British colonies or plantations in America, the 1000 ■— Staves of all forts, not exceeding 50 inches in length, the 120  -

f• 5 • d.

o 8 II

o 16  6

o 17 7

1 15 2

1 17 5 067

O II o

2 15 0

o 13 II O l6 2

1 9 4 1 12 8

042

o o 7

o

0

o i

o 13 o 19

o o

O I

2 3

0 s 1 0 8 <

0 14 4 0 16 8

O05

001

ttatl Anno regni qmdtagefiino quarto Gboro ti HI. 1.1

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

IFood, Staves, continued.

—— of all forts, exceeding 50 inches in length, the 1X0

---of the United Sates of America, See Schedule (B.)

——Sweet Wood, of the growth or prodtt&ion of the British colonics, plantations, or fcttletnents, in Africa or America, the too, qt. 20 cwt. - -(If for dyers' ufc, free.)

■■■ ■  of any other country or place, the ton,

qt. 30 cwt. .... (If for dyers' ufe, free.)

— Timber, vis.

---- , Fir Timber, being 8 inches iquare, and

not exceeding 10 inches iquare, the load, qt.50 cubic feet,

—... 11 imported in shipping of the United Kingdom

—— ■ ■ in foreign fhip-fhipping, the load, qt. 50 cubic feet ■ exceeding 10 inches fqaare, the kad, qt. 50 cubic feet,

-imported in dripping of s United Kingdom —in foreign (hipping, the load, qt. 50 cubic feet -  -

•being 8 inches square or upwards, of the growth or production of the British colonies or plantations in America, the load, qt. 30 cubit feet Oak Timber, 8 inches square or upwards, the load, qt. 50 cubit feet.

Lr

\

o

Duty.

Drawback.

d.£

x 1

o it o

360

of the United King-  

dom ...  076

—■■■ in foreignfhip-* ping, the load, qt. 50 cubic  084

feet • -  

045

653

04.9

056

018

1. 4

001

049

a 16 o

o a 9 037 o a io ® 3 S

00s

030

o 3 jo

Wood, Oak Timber continued.

— being 8 inches square or upwards, of the growth or production of the Britifii colonies or plantations in America, the load, qt. 50 cubit feet -  ' -

■ —-—■ of all forts, not particularly enumerated or described, or other-

•  wife charged with duty, being 8 inches square or upwards, the load, qt. 50 cubic feet,

■ft —> . imported in topping of the United Kingdom '  in foreign top-

ping, the load qt. 50 cubic feet

■  —  of all forts, not particularly enumerated

or defcribed,orotherwifecharged with duty, being & inches square or upwards, of the growth or production of the Britifli colonies or plantations in America, the load, qt. 50 cubic feet Treenails, .or Trenails, the xooo,

■  ■  ■■■»■  ■  1 imported inr topping of the

United Kingdom - -

—-----in foreign (hipping,

the 1000  -  -

Ufers, under 5 inches fquare, and under 24 feet in length, the z 20,

-  ■  imported  in (hipping of the United

Kingdom ■■■—-in foreign (hipping, the 120

——* being 5 and under 8 inches fquare, or if 24 feet in length or upwards, the 120,

♦  —■- imported in (hipping of the

United Kingdom - -  -

in foreign (hipping, the 120  -  -  -

■  ■■—■■■ of all forts* uniter.8 inches fquare, of the

growth, or produCtioo of the Britifli co-K  ionics or plantations in America, the 120

1 ■» Wahifcot Boards. See Boards. '

—- » ■ Logs, 8 inches square or upwards, the t  load^qt. 50 cubic feet,

■ imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom

038

045

0 5 3 0

0 <

0180

o 3 iol o

045c

o 16 6j <

0  17 7j <

1  15  21

I l6 4I o 8 iol

o 8 10!

SCHEDULE (A )—INWARDS.

Ww^ Wainfcot Logs, &c. continued.

—— imported in foreign (hipping, the load, qt. jO cubic feet - - -

-  ■■  ■»—— being of the growth or pro-

duction of the British colo-' nies or plantation* in America, the Toad, qt. 50 cubit feet -

-----Yards. See Marts.

... Unmanufactured, of the growth or production of the British colonies or plantations in America, not particularly enumerated or de-fcribed, or otherwise charged with duty, fore very jf. 1 ooof the value

——not particularly enumerated or deferibed, or other-wife charged with duty, for every-^.100 of the

£• s' d-

o 9 ti

value.

imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom - -in foreign (hip-

ping, for every £.100 of the value -  -  -

■  ■ i  of  the  growth  or  production

of the United States of America. See Schedule (B.)

Wool, viz.

----Beaver, the lb. -  -  - - ■ - -  - • -

--------Cut or Combed, the lb. -  -  -

--------Carmenia. See Goats* Hair, in Hair.

----Coney, the lb.

— Cotton of the growth or production of the BritHh colonies or plantations in America, the loolbs. ... ———of the growth or production of Turkey, the toolbs. -

■  1 of the'growth or production of any other country or place, the xoolbs. - . -

--------of the growth or production of the United

States of America. See Schedule (B).

| — Eft ridge or Oflrich, for every /.too of the value

---Goats. See Goats* Hair, in Hair.

---Hares' Wool, the 100 lb*. -  -  „

• — Red Wool, not Spanifh, for every £.100 of the value -  -  .  .  .

Duty.

Drawback. £. s. J.

O X %

038

3 19 a

r

20 s 4

25 o o

01 t I 3 I

o o I

o 9 t 087 o 13 9

3 19 a 030 3 *9 *

o o 4

07a

16 13 4 at 8 o

1 1 8

07a

003

07a

Wool, continued.

■  ■■ Spanifh, free.

—  Turkey Goats. See Goats' Hair, in Hair. Woollen Stuffs. See Stuffs.

Yam. See Yam.

Worm Seed. See Seed.

Worded Tapes, as Haberdaftiefy.

■  ■ Yarn. See Yam.

;  '  -  Y.

Yards. See Mails, in Wood.

Yam, vifc.

—— Cable Yarn, the ewt.  -

—  Camel or Mohair, the lb. qt. 16 ox. « *

-— Cotton, the lb. -  -

—  Grog ram, the lb.  -  -  -  -

— Raw Linen. Yam, made of Flax, the lb. ..

—— Wick Yam, for every £.100 of die value .

-----Woollen and Bay Yarn, the cwt. -

—— Worfted, being of two or more threads, twilled or thrown, the lb. . -—* — of .any other fort not particularly enumerated or defcribed, or otherwise charged with duty, for every £.100 of the value - •

Yellow Berries. See Berries.

£.

X.

Zafire. See Cobalt. Zodoaria, the lb.

All ether goods, wares, and merchandise whatfo ever, not being particularly enumerated or de (bribed, or otherwise charged with duty, and not being prohibited to be imported into, or used in Ireland, and not being exempt from duty, for ctery £.100 of the value thereof »

o

o

o

0

o

33

o 19

Drawl

IT'

008

33 ° °

012

0 0 0

0

0

29

011

ao 5 4 1613

29

0

Schedule (B.)

A Schedule of the Net Duties to be charged on the Importation into  Inkmi of Goods. Wares, and Merchandise, therein enume-

rated or fcfcribed, being of the Growth. Produce, or Manufacture of the Crated States of Avmiea, and of the Drawbacks to allowed on the Exportation thereof from Inland,

INWARDS.  Duty.  Drawback.

  JL" *•  £• '• d.

Arrow Root, the cwt. - -Aflws of all kinds, fret.  Saver Skins. See Skins.  Slabber. See Oil.  Zaire Skins. See Skins.  Zorn. See Afts relating thereto.  0 ti 0  0 2 0

Cotton Wool, the cwt. -  098  O O It

Sum, Cafhew Gum, the cwt.  (If for dyers* ufe, free.)  Elenp, rough, free.  Tides, viz.    Buffalo, Bull. Cow, or Ox,' in the hair, the  0 3 10  OO4

piece - - - - - -■ - ■ Horfes, Mares, Or Gelditigs, in the hair, the  0 0 7  ' ”T

piece - - - -  or Pieces of Hides, rawer undfefled, not particularly enumerated or delcribed, or other-wife charged with duty, for every £.100  **  O  O  

of die value .....  20 s 4  l6 13 4

Heps, die cwt. - * - -  Note. For the conditions and regulations under which Hops may be watehoufed, See 40 Geo. HI. chap. 43.  X 18 7  0 15 4

Indigo, die toolbs. ------  (If for dyers' ufe, free.)  Iron in bars, or unwrought, free.  —— Pig Iron, free.  StfafYamb, or Bowfprits. } Seo Wood'  Oil, Spermaceti or Head Matter, the tun, qt. 252 gal-  0 1) 2  ot 3

Ions - - - • - • - -  24 $ 1  2* 1 7

— Train OB, or Blubber, or Fifh Oil, the tun.    **

qt. 252 gallons ------  23 * 0  2* s

Rich, the lad, qt. 12 barrels, each barrel, qt. gallons Rwifions (not being Groceries) for every £.100 of the  0 18 5  0 9*

value. ....  13 s 6  9 13 6

SCHEDULE (B.>—INWARDS.  Duty.  Drawbi

Provilions continued.  Note. For the conditions upon which Corn and Fifli, and all other Provilions may be imported without payrhent of duty. See 41 Geo. 1(1. ch. 63. continued, by lubfequenr a&s until 25th March, 1805,  £. t. d.  •

Rice, the cwt. - -  Note. For the conditions under which Rice, the produce of the United States of America, . may be whrehoufed on importation, See 41 Geo. III. ch, fe£t 8. .  0 10 4  0 8  i

Rofin, or Colophonia, the cwt. - -Seed,  —— Hemp Seed, free.  025  0 a |

    Rape, the quarter, qt. 8 bulhels  049  0 3

Skins, Beaver, undrefled, the fldn  Calve, in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any  004  0 0

. way drefied, the dozen Heins .  0 1 5  0- 0 1

Snuff, the lb. - - - ' - -  0 in  0. 1 1

Spermaceti, Fine, the lb. -Staves. See Wood.  Tar, the last, qt. 12 barrels, each barrel not exceeding  0 I ,6  0 t  ]

31* gallons -Tobacco, viz.  0 13 2  0 10 |

■   unmanufactured, for every lb;  ■——■ if imported by Strangers, or by any law now in force be fobjeft to alien's duty, then* a  0 o' 8  0 0 |

further duty for every lb. . - .  For the conditions, regulations, and re-ft rift ions under which such Tobacco may be secured in warehoufes, without- payment of the above duties, See 37 Geo. In.  r ch. 42. since continued  _  (Tobacco is subject also to a duty of Exciie.)  Tonnage Duty on flitps entering outwards or inwards.  See Schedule (D.)  001  0 0 1  1  r

Turpentine, common, tne cwt.  0 3 3  >3]

Whale Fins, or WhaJcbone, the ton, qt. 20 cwt. Wood, viz.  132 0 0  130 s (

■■ - Anchor Stocks, the piece ' . - . -  007  0 0 \

■ — Balks of all forts, under 8 inches fquare, the 120  0 11 0  0 1 c

——• Batten sand Batten Ends of all forts, the 120 -  05b  0 0 1

-—--.Beech Plank of all forts, the. 120 ;. . —  —— Beech Quarters of all forts, under 8 fquare, the  034  0 0 i

1 120--. -. 1.  0 II O  0 1 c

SCHEDULE (B.)—INWARDS.  Duty.  Drawback;

Food,continued.  — Boards, Clap Boards, exceeding 5 feet 3 inches in length, and under 8 inches  £•.** d.  £• *• A

fquare^ the 120  and under 8 inches fquare,  083  0 0 9

- • the 120 — Bowiprits. See Mails.    Box Wood, the ton of 20 cwt. -  056  vO  O  O

  1 1 2  0 1 it

— Deals and Deal Ends of all forts, the 120  056  006

  Ebony, the ton, qt. ao cwt. -  — Fire Wood, the fathom 6 feet wide and 6 feet  0 14 0  0 1 3

high - - -  Fir Quarters of all forts, under 8 inches fquare,  O  O  0 0 t

the t20 ...  0. IX 0  0 1 0

  Handfpilces, under 7 feet in length, the 120  o_.i 6  0 0 2

  7 feet in length or upwards, the 120  —— Knees of Oak of all forts, under 8 inches fquare,  0211  OOJ

the 120  —     8 inches square or up-  • wards, the load, qt.  056  vO  O  O

50 cubic feet - -— Lathwood in pieces of all forts, the fathom, 6 feet  038  O  O

wide and 6 feet high  ° 3 10  OOA

— Lignum Vitae, the ton, qt. 20 cwt. ^ (If for dyers? life, free.)  074  0 0 8

—  Mahogany, the ton, qt. 20 cwt. - «■  —  Mads, Yards, or Bowfprits, 6 inches in diameter,  and under 8 inches, the  0144  0 1 ♦

piece -  and under 12 inches,  022  016

the piece  ■ ■ • —— 12 inches in diameter,  and qpvrards, the load, qt. 50 cubic  —r—:  0  01  031

feet. - . ' -  — Oak Plank of all forts, the 120  0 is 5 0 5 6.  0 7 to 006

—  Oars, the 120 -    Olive Wood, the ton, qt. 20 cwt - .  —  Round Wood in pieces of all forts, under 8 inches  fquare, the 120 - ' -  —  Spars of all lorts, under 6 inches in diameter, ex*  dufive of the bark, the 120  0 >3 2 083  0 2 2  067  0 I % O O q  0 0 %  n a .

— Speckled Wood, the ton, qt. 20 cwt.  ■— Spokes for Wheels of all forts, the iooo —— Stave* of all forts, not exceeding 50 inches in  0 8 10 0 4 2  w w I  0 0 to 0 0 5

• length, the 120 -  O  O  0 0 1

SCHEDULE (B.)—INWARDS.

Wood, Staves of all farts continued.

»  exceeding  50  inches in length,

• the 120

—  Sweet Wood, die ton, qt. 20 cwt -'

(If for dyers' ufe, free.)

—— Tftnber Oak;, being 8 inches square or upwards, the load, qt. 50 Cubic.feet -

—  ■■  of all forts, not particularly enumerated or

deferred, or otherwise charged with duty, being 8 inches square or upwards, the load, qt. 50 cubic feet -

—  — Uferi of all forts, under 8 inches fquare, the 120

—— Wainfcot Logs, being & inches square or upwards,

the load, qt. JO cubic feet

—— Yards. See Mans

—  ■ ■ ■  unmanufactured,  not particularly

- enumerated or defcribed, or otherwifecharged with duty, not being exempt from duty, and not being for the purposes of dying, for every £. too of the value -AH other goods, wares, and merchandize whatever, not being particularly enumerated or deferibed, or otherwise charged with duty in this Schedule, and not prohibited to be imported into, or used in Ireland, being of the growth, production, or manufadure of the United States of America, and imported according to law, shall and may be entered and landed on payment of such duties of culloms (and also of excife, in cafes where duties of exdfe ajre due and payable thereon), and no higher, as are payable on goods, wares, ant merchandize of the like denomination or defeription, upon their importation into Ireland, in (hipping of the United Kingdom, from any other foreign country; and in cafes where different duties are imposed upon goods, wares, and merchandize of the lit denomination and ddcription, imported from dlflerent foreign countries, then upon payment of the lowest duties whiqh by law are required to be paid on the importation in {hipping of the United Kingdom, of any foch goods, wares, or merchandize from any foreign country, according to the Schedule or Table referred to in the Ad, to which this .  Schedule  is annexed.

Duty. 1  Draw b a

s. d.j  I-

Oil  0 0

O II 01  0 I

0  u  00  ! 0 0

0 18  0 c

0 8 10  0 c

038  \ 0 \

3 19 20

itofr] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III: c. 26.  113

Schedule (C.)

A Schedule of the Duties payable upon the Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Iiebnd.

OUTWARDS.

Alhes of Wood, the Jaft of 12 barrels

—  of all other forts, for every £. too of the value

Bacon, the flitch  -  -  -

-----other, and Haros, the cwt.

Bones, Ox, the xcco -  *•

-----unmanufactured, for every £. 100 of the value

Calves' Skins, for every £. too of the value Calves* Valves, for every £. ioq of the value Cards Wool, new, the dozen  -

-----------old,'the dozen  -

Cbeefe, the cwt.  -  -  ‘  -  -

Coney Hair or Wool, black or white, the lb/

Copperas, for every A ioo of the value Fur, called Rabbit's Grey Fur, the lb.  -  -

Furriers' Wafte, for every £. ico of the value Geldings or Nags. See Horfes.

Greaves, or Greafe, the ewt.  -

Guts, Ox Guts, the barrel  -  S

-----of other Animals, for every £. xoo of the value

Hair, viz.

-----Harts, the cwt.  -

-----Horfe, the cwt.  -

—  Human, for'cveiy £. ioo of the value -

—  Kids, for every £. ioo of the value

—  Ox, Cows or Bulls, the cwt.

Hardhorn, the cwt.  -

Hempfced, the quarter of 8 bulhels Hides, raw and untanned, the piece Hogs or Pies, the piece alive Hog's Lard, the cwt.

Horns, viz.

-----Bucks, the hundred of 6 fcore

■— Goats, the cwt.  -

—• Ox, the thousand of 6 score to the hundred -------Rams, the thousand of 6 score to the hundred  - •

— Sheep, the thousand of 6 score to the hundred —• Stags, the thousand of 6 fcore'to the hundred

-----Tips of Horns, ihe thousand of 6 score to iht hundred

Horn^havings, for every A ioo of*the value -  -  '

Voi,.XLV.  I

Duty.

£■  r.  d.

0  I  8

5  0  a

0  0  I

0  0  2

0  0  4

5  0  0

5  0  o

5  0  o

0  o  8

0  o  s

9  o  6

6  0  7

5  0  o

0  o  3

5  o  o

0  o  2

o  I  o

5  0  0

0  2  2

o  8  o

S  o  o

S  o  o

o t  2  o

0  I  6

0  2  0

o  2  0

0  3  0

0  0  II

0  0  3

o  0  6

0  2  6

o  I  0

o  o  2

o  I  7

0  Q  -9

s  o  o

SCHEDULE (C.)—OUTWARDS.

Duty.

& !• \

Horfes, Mares, Geldings, and Mules, (he piece -  ~ I o

Hoofs of all forts, for every £. too of (he value *  <.150

Lead, cadi or oncaft, the too of 20 cwt.  -  -  -  213

—— Ore, for every £. 100 of the value -  -  -  -150

Leather of all forts, tanned, tawed, or in any waydrefled, the cwt.  0  1

Linen Rags or Shreds, the ton of 20 cwt.  -  -  *  3  5

Linfeed, or Flaxfeed, the quarter, qt. 8 bufltels  •  - jo 3

Litharge of Lead, the cwt. -  -  -  ,  - I 0 0

Manure. See Soap Boiler's Wafte.

Oxen, Cows, or Steers, the head -  -  -  - I 0 6

Oyfters, in pickle, the gallon  -  -  -  - I 0 0

Rapefeed, the quarter of 8 bushels  •  -  -loo

Skins, vie.

—— Badger, the piece -  -  -  -  - 1 0 C

—— Calve. See Calve Skins, in C.

— ■  *■  —  tanned.  See  Leather  tanned.

*—— Cat, the hundred of 5 score -  •  -  -  I  0

—  ----Deer, undrefied, for every £. 100 of the value -  -  5

1 Dog, the dozen •  -  -  -  -  I  °

-—------Fox, the piece -  -  -  -  -  I  °

—:—r Goat, undrefied, for every £. 100 of the value  -  -  5

—  —Hair, undrefied, for every 100 of the value  -  -  5

•——Kid, drefied or undrefied, the hundred of 6 score  -  -  0

■  ~— Kips, and Runners, for every £. 100 of the value -  -  1 5

■  ■■■— Lamb, drefled, without the wool on, the hundred of 61

fcore -  -  -  -  -  -  I  °

— tanned, tawed, or dfefied, the cwt. -  -  1  °

Note.—No Lamb Skins, whether (link or flaughtered, from which the wool shall not have been taken off, I shall be exported, (except to Great Britain), tinder j the penalty of the forfeiture thereof, See 40 Geo. 111.] c. 43. fee. 159.

*  ■ — Martin, for every £. joo of the value -,  -  -  1  5

•  —— Otter, raw, the piece  -  -  -  -  |  °

------tawed, the piece  - - .  -  j  0

——— Wombs, for every £. 100 of the value  -  -  I  S

—  Rabbits and Conies, Black, with or' without Silver Hair, I

drefled or tawed, the hundred of 6 score  -  -  C

....Grey, feafoned, the hundred of 6 score  -  -  I  c

—  ■ Grey, Stag, the hundred of 6 score -  •  1  <

■ * -— Grey, tawed, the hundred of 6 score •  -  1  <

—  -drefled, tawed, or dyed into colours, the hundred

of 6 score  -

«-------Sheep, drefled, without the wool on, the 120

/ —-------tanned, tawed, or drefled, the cwt.

------ with the wool on, the hundred of 6 score -

—1— 1 "■ tawed, with the wool on, the hundred of 6 score •

SCHEDULE (C.)—OUTWARDS.

Skins continued.

-----Sheep Pelts, dressed or undreflbd, for every 6 fiporc - , -

-----Squirrel, the 1000  -  -  -

t— - Stag, the piece  -  -

-----Swan, the piece -  -  ■  -

Slugs of Horns, for every /. 100 of the value -

Soap Boiler's Wafle, and all other Manure (except Limethe ton

Tallow, the cwt. -  -  -  -

Tanner's Wafte, for every £. 100 of the value -

Tongues, called Neats' Tongues, the dozen «*  .  -

Tonnage Duties. See Schedule (D.)

Tripes, the cwt. ------

Wax, unmanufactured, the cwt. -  -  -  -

Weld, the cwt.  -  -

Woad, the ton of ao cwt. -— Nets, the hundred of 5 score -Yam, Linen, for every pack of itatutable Linen Yarn. qt. 400 pounds weight, at 6 score to the hundred

Duty.

In addition to the duties herein-before charged on certain goods of the growth, produce, or manufc&ure of Ireland, exported from thence, and alfb on all other goods, wares, and merchandize, the growth, produce, or manufacture oi Ireland, the following duties are to be paid;

All goods, wares, and merchandize, of the growth, produce, or manufacture of Ireland, except as herein-after mentioned, ex ported to any part of Europe, or to any port or place within the Streights of Gibraltar, for every £, 100 of the true and rea* value thereof -  -  *  «

Except

- —Bullion.

Goods, wares, or merchandize, exported from Ireland to the Me of Man, which may t^e legally exported to the said jfland.

• ------—  Cotton  Yarn, and all other Cotton Manufactures,

being of the manufacture of Ireland.

—— Corn or Grain.

Refined Sugar in loaf complete and whole, or lump duly refined, or any refined sugar called Baftard*, or ground of powdered fugar,* or refined sugar broken in pieces, or ahy fu*ar called Candy, or (  MclafTes made from sugar of the British planta-

'  tions.

All goods, wares, or merchandize, of the grbwth, produce, 6t manuftdure of Ireland (except as herein-after mentioned), exported to any port or place whatever, not being in Europe, or within the Streights of Gibraltar, or within the limits of the

1 a

£- l rf.

o t 6

a 0 o o

0

1

0 o

o

o

o

5

t

o

5

o

6

6

4

o

o

6

o

4

O O I

040

o i 3

o 10 o

006

100

1 10 o.

Annoregni quadragefimo quarto GeorohIII. c. *6. [1804.'

Bounties or Allowances.

£• s‘

SCHEDULE (E). continued.

Linen continued.

All manufaOures of diapers, huckabacks, Meetings or • - liaons, upwards of one yard in breadth, and not exceeding it.7 id.the fquata yard in value, which . shall be exported to any of the places aforesaid, for

every (qqarq yard thereof -  -  -  -00  ii

And fo in proportion for any greater or less v quantity.

.All manufadures of fail cloth or canvas, fit for or made . into (ails, which shall be exported, for every three ells thereof -  -  '  -  .  .  .  -00  6i

- And fo in proportion for any greater or left quantify.

SILK.

Manufactures of Ireland made of, or mixed with (ilk, exported under certain regulations, viz.

Ribbands and fluffs made of fdk only, for every lb.

thereof avoirdupois -  -  -  -  .030.

Silks and ribbands made of (ilk mixed with gold or.

filver, for every lb. thereof avoirdupois  -  >040

Silk ftockings, gloves, fringes, and laces, and ditching , or fewingfilk, for every lb. thereof avoirdupois - o 1 J Stuffs made of (ilk andgrogram yarn mixed, for every i lb. thereof avoirdupois -  -  -  -  q  o  8

Stuffs made of silk and worsted mixed, for every lb.

thereof avoirdupois -  -  •  -  -006

Stuffs made of silk mixed with inde or Cotton, the lb. avoirdupois -  -  -  -  -  - .  -  o  1  0

And fo in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

Books unbound, if printed on Britiffi or foreign paper,

for every lb. thereof avoirdupois -  •  •  o  o  '  I

Sugar, refined.

For the bounties thereon, See the 41 Geo.IIf. chap. 74, 42 Gfo. HI. chap. 60, and 43 Geo. III. chap. 17.

INWARDS.

For and upon every barrel of bark or hemlock which • shall he imported into Ireland from any country in

Europe except Great Britain -  -  -  -  o  4  0

For and upon every barrel of bark or hemlock which shall be imported into Ireland from America >-050

Schedule

llafj Aoaoregni quadragefimo quarto GkobgiiIII.c. a 6.  119

Schedule (F.)

A ScMale of Inland Duties of Excite and Taxes, for, upon, sad in sefjpaA of the fcveial Articles thenin ntwitnal.

INLAND DUTIES.

Dtrrr.

AUCTIONS.  £. i. d.

for and upon every twenty fhilflngs of the purchase nooty, anting or payable by virtue of any talc at ao&on in Ireland, of ain interest in poflefEon or imrfion in any freehold or leafchold lands, tenements, houfcs, or hereditaments} and of any annuities, or sums of money charged thereon; and of any otenfils of husbandry and farming flock, thips and veffels, and of any plate or jewels; and to in proportion for any greater or lets sum of such pur-ebafe money, to be paid by the auctioneer, agent, fafior, of feller by commiffion' -  -  -003

For and upon every twenty shillings of the purchase money, anting, or payable, by virtue of any file at auction in Ireland, of furniture, fixtures, pictures, books, horfes, and carriages, and all odwr goods and chattels whatsoever (not exempted by law) and to in proportion for any greater or lets sum of such purchase money, to be paid bv the auctioneer, agent, fa&or, or feller bycommi&on -  .006

CARDS AND DICE.

For and upon every pack of printed, painted, or playiog cards, made, manufactured, or vended in Ireland -  ,  -  -.0x5

For and upon every pair of dice made, manufactured, or vended in Ireland -  -  .  o  10  o

COACHES AND CHAISES.

For and upon every coach, chariot, berlin, calafh, or ebaife, with four wheels (not exempt by law) which any person shalt have or keep in bis or her possession at any time in each and every year from the 25th day of March 1804, such person not having at the fame time more than one such. carriage in his or her pofleffion, the yearly sum of - 6 16 6

For and upon every coach, chariot, berlin, calafh, or chaife, with four wheels (not exempt by law), which any person shalt have or keep in his or her poflef-fion at any time in each ana every year from the 95th day of March 1804, if such person shall at the

feme

120 Anno rcgniqaadragefimo quarto Georgii IIL c*a6; [1804.

SCHEDULE (F). continued.  duty.

Coaches and Chaifes continued.  £,  i.  dm

'  fame  time  have  more  than one such carriage in his

, or her pofieffion, the yearly fum. of  -  -'-920

For and upon every chaise with two wheels (notexempt by law) which any peiTon shall have or keep in his or her poiTeflion at any time in each and every year from the 25th day of March 1804, the yearly sum of -  -  -  -  -200

Stage coaches, hackney coaches, and chaifes, and coaches, chaifes, and other carriages kept for hire, or kept by the makers for fale, and cabriolets and garden chairs, excepted. (See 40 Geo. 3. 0.52. feeft. 10, ii, 12.)

COFFEE.

For and upon every pound weight of coffee which shall be consumed in Ireland, to be paid by the person or persons buying the fame from the importer , thereof -  -  -  -  -001

FIRE HEART.HS.

For and out of every dwclling-houfe, out-houfe, or edifice appertaining thereto, in Ireland, in the whole of which house there shall be two or more fire hearths, or other places used for firing, or ftoves, at any time in each and every year from the 25th day of March-1804, the several and respective yearly rates and taxes following, that is to fay:

Out of every such houfe, out-houfe, or edifice apper-taining thereto, in which there shall be in the whole. two fire hearths, or other places used for firing, or * ftoves, the sum of -  -  -  -  o  4  10}

Out of every such houfe, out-houfex or edifice appertaining thereto, in which there shall be in the whole three nre hearths, or other places used for firing, or ftoves, the sum of  -  -  o  8

Out of every such houfe, out-houfe, or edifice appertaining thereto, in which there shall be in the whole four fire hearths, or other places used for firing, or ftoves, the sum of -  -  1  -  •  on  ^

Out of every such houfe, out-houfe, or edifice appertaining thereto, in which there shall be in the whole five fire hearths, or other places used for firing, or ftoves, the sum of -  -  -  •  -  0152

Out of every such houfe, out-houfe, or edifice appertaining thereto, in which there shall be in the whole fix fire hearths, or other places used for firing, or ftoves, the sum of -  -  -  -0196

v  Out

itatjAtaoiegniquadragefiraoquartoOborcu III. c.i5.• izi

SCHEDULE (F). continued.  dutt.  \

Tn Hearths continued.  £. s. d.

(k of every such houfe, out-houfe, or edifice apper-tiiiungthefeto, in which there shall be in the whole fefcoSre hearths, or other placet used fqr firing, or ftoTcs, the sum of  -  -  -  -  -14 4$

Out of every such houfej out-houfe, or edifice apper-taising thereto, in which there shall be in the whole right fire hearths, or other pfeccs used for firing, or fiovts, the sum of  -  -  -  -  1  8  %

Out of every such houfe, out-houfe, or edifice appertaining thereto, in which there shall be in the whole nine or more fire hearths, or other places used for • firing, or ftoves, for every hearth, firing-place, or ftoic, the sum of  -  -  ^ -  »  -088 '

GLASS BOTTLES.

For and upon every glass bottle which shall be made  *  ,

or majwfedlured in Ireland, of common bottle metal, (the fame not being phials) for every quart foch bottle shall be reputed to contain, and fo in proportion for any greater or less quantity, not being lese than one pint, to be paid by the makers  ”  1

thereof •  %  ■  «■  —  •  -00 04

LEATHER, for and upon all hides and (kins, and pieces of hides and fkinii hereinafter mentioned, which shall be tanned in Ireland, the respective rates and duties following j that is to fay,

For and upon every such hide and (kin, or piece of any such hide and (kin, of any kind or denomination whatsoever other than such as are hereinafter mentioned and deferibed, for every pound weight avoirdupois thereof, and after sech rate for any greater or less quantity -  -  -  -  .  -  -  o  O  I

For and upon all hides of horfes, mares or geldings, for every hide  -  -  -  -  O  l  O  '

Tor and upon all (kins called veaMkins, and all (kins of hogs, for every dozen (kins thereof, and after the fame rate for any greater or less oumber -  *050

For and upon all (kins for (hoes, and other like pur-pofes, and all feal-(kins, for every dozen thereof, and after the feme rate for any greater or less number -  -  -  .  -.  *o a 6

Tot and upon all other (kins for book-binders' ufe, for every dozen thereof, and after the feme rate for any greater or less number •  -  -  •  *0x0

itt Anno fegniqtiadragefimoquartoGboroii Ilf. c.26. [1 $04

SCHEDULE (F.) cmtlnued.  duty#

Leather continued.  i.  d

For and upon all goats (kins tanned with flrnmac, or otherwise, to rtfemUe Spanifh leather, and all (beep-(kins tanned for roans, befog after the nature of Spanifh leather, for every pound weight avoirdu-* poi# thereof  -  -  *  -  •  o. O I

For and upon all flteep-(kkn$ and Iamb4kfos tanned for gloves and bafife, for every pound weight avoir* dupois thereof, and piaportianably for any greater fcr itfs Quantity ...  -  -000]

For and upon all hides 2nd1 (kins, and pieces of hides and (kins, hereinafter mentioned, which shall be dressed in oil in Ireland, the several and refoedive rates and duties hereinafter taprefled, that is to lay.

For and upon every such -hide and (kin, and piece of such hide, of any nature or denomination whatfo-ever, other than as hereinafter mentioned and deferred, for every pouted weight avoirdupois thereof O o 2 For and upon all deer-(kins, goat-(kins, and beaver-

ikins, for every pound weight avoirdupois thereof -00 3 For and upon all calve-fkins, for every pound weight avoirdupois thereof -  -  -  -002

For and upon all (heep~(kins, and Iamb-Ados, for  |

1 every pound weight avoirdupois thereof -  -  -  o  o  2{

Ana proportionably for any greater or left quan- * tity of all such hides ana wins.

LICENCES.  v

For and upon every licence to any person in Ireland to manufacture tobacco in any manner, or to deal in unmanufactured tobacco, except as a whoJe&le importer only, or as a wholesale merchant only -80 o And a further duty of £.4 for and upon every tobacco-table exceeding one table, which any perfbn manufacturing tobacco fliatl be licenced to keep.

For and upon every licence to any person to deal jn unmanufactured tobacco as a wholesale merchant, not being the importer thereof -  -  -100

For and upon any licence to any person to fell by retail or otherwise deal in coffee, m any city or town corporate in Ireland, except importers thereof, or

*  peribns licensed to fell tea or groceries -  -100

For and upon every licence to any person to fell by

retail or otherwise deal in coffee in any pert in Ireland, not being a city or town corporate, except

* as aforesaid -  -  -  -  O 10  o

For and upon every licence to any person in Ireland

to manufacture candles'or soap for (ale -  -100

For and upon every Keener to any person in Ireland to fell or manufacture paper-hangings for sale - - x o o

For

i&04*} tone regni quadiragefimo quarto CaoRoit IJI. c. 26.

SCHEDULE (F). continued,  duty^

licences continued.  £.  s.  if.

For and upon evenr Rcence to any person in Ireland to keep a dill or Rills to redlify or compound (pints and strong waters, for every ten gallons which fiich still or flills is or are capable of containing -  -  2  10  a

For and upon every licence to any person in Ireland to keep a mill or mills for making paper -  -  2  .0  0

for and upon every licence to any person in Irehmd to brew or'make for sale any liquor called sweets pr made wines -  -  -  -  2  0  a

For and upon every licence to any person in Ireland to make metheglin or mead for sale -  -  -200

For and upon every licence to any person in Ireland to make vinegar for sale -  -  -  -  -200

For and upon every licence to any person to fell tea * or groceries by retail in the city of Dublin, or within the circular road surrounding the fame, and in every city, town, and place, returning a member to serve in parliament, or within two miles of the market-houfe, or principal market-plac^or tbwn-houfe of any fiich city, town, or place -  "3 0 P

For and upon every licence to any person in any other part of Ireland to fell tea or groceries by retail *200 For and upon every licence to any person to fell or tap out cyder by retail -  -  -  -  1  o.  O

For and upon every licence to any person to fell'me-thegKn or m^ad by retail  -  -  -  too

For and upon every licence to any person in Ireland, to fell or n>ake any gold or silver plate for sale -  1  o  O*

For and upon every licence to any person in Ireland, to keep a tan-yard or tan»pit, or tan leather for sale 100 For and upon every licence to any person in Ireland, to dress hides and (kins in oil -  -  -  I  0  O

For and upon every licence to any person in Ireland, to make vellum and parchment  -  -  -  1 0 o

For and upon every licence to any person to fell any kind of spirituous liquors by retail in the city of Dublin, or within the circular road surrounding the said city, and within the district of the metropolis 30 O 0 For and upon every licence to any person to felt any kind of spirituous liquors by retail, beyond the said circular road and wall of his Majesty's park the Phoenix, not more than two miles distant therefrom -  -  -  -  -20  o  o

For and upon every licence to any person to fell any kind of spirituous liquors by retail, in every other place within the district of the excise office of Dubtin, beyond the circular road and wall of his Majesty's park the Phoenix, not distant more than five miles therefrom -  '  -  ,  -  -  -1500

-124 Amo rtgni quadragefimo quarto Gkorgi i III. c. 26. [ 18c

SCHEDULE (F.)  dut  y

Licences continued.  £.  x*

For and'upon every licence to any person to fell any kind of spirituous liquors by retail within the city of Cork, and all places surrounded by the said city 30 o And within the reft of the county of the said city - 20 o For and upon every licence to any person to fell any kind of spirituous liquors by retail within the city of Waterford, and all places surrounded by the (aid city  -  -  -  -  -  30  o

. And withtn the reft of the county of the said city • 20 o For and upon every licence to any person to fell any 1  kind  of spirituous liquors by retail in the city of

Limerick, including that part thereof called St.

Francis's Abbey, and all places surrounded by the said city  -  -  •  •  -30  O

And Within the reft  of the  county  of the said  city 20  o

For and upon every licence to any person to fell any kind of spirituous liquors by retail within the cities of Armagh, Londonderry, and Kilkenny, and within the towns of Belfaft, Newry, Galway,

. Dundalk, DroghftJa, and Clonmel -  -  15  o

For and upon every licence to any person to fell any . kind of spirituous liquors by retail within all other cities, corporate towns, market towns, where markets are usually held, and within one mile of the town houfe, market houfe, or principal UiaflRt place -  -  -  -  -  19  0  i

For and upon every licence to any person to fell any  ,

kind of spirituous liquors by retail in any other  '

part of Ireland than those parts before deferibed - 6 o < For and upon every licence to any peifon to fell spirits in any place in Ireland, in quantities not less than two gallons, the like duty as is payable in such place on a licence to fell spirituous liquors by retail.

For and upon every licence to any factor or other person in Ireland, felling home-made spirits on . com million or otherwife, not being a licensed diftillcr or retailer of fpirits, nor being otherwise licensed to fell spirits -  *  -  '  -  20  0  t

For and upon every licence to any factor or person in Ireland felling foreign spirits on comraiflion or otherwife, not being, a licensed distiller or retailer qf fpirits, nor being otherwise licensed to fell fpirits, nor being the importer of foreign spirits -  -  20  0  d

For and upon every licence to any person in Ireland, not being a maltster or maker of malt, felling malt, on commiifion or otherwise -  -  -  20  Q  0

For and upon every licence to any person in Ireland ^  .  to  keep a malt house and make malt for Lie, fqr

each

riot) Inoo regrii quaidragefimo quarto Gborgi i III. c. *6.

SCHEDULE (F.) contin. • • duty. -linos continued. . ..  £. s. i„

och and every ciftem or kiln, in each and every salt house m his or her poffefiion in which focn bdhcfefhall be carried on  -  •  ijno  O

For anJ upoimrery licence to any person in the city ofDablio, or within the circular road Airrounding tkfone, or in the cities of Cork or Waterford, or in the city of Limerick, including that part rtereof called St. Francis's Abbey, or in the cities or Kilkenny, Londonderry, or Armagh, or in the towns of Drogheda, Galway, Belfaft, Newry,

Dundalk, and Clonmel, or within two miles of the market houfe, or principal market place, or town house of any of the said cities or towns, to brew strong beer, or ale, or small beer for falc, for each and every brewhoufe used by fucb person - JO o I For and upon every licence to any person to brew strong beer or ale, or small beer for fale, in any other place in Ireland, being a town corporate or borough returning any member to serve in par*

Hamenr, for each and every brewhoufe used by

fuch person -  -  -  -  to O  •

For and upon every licence to any person in any other place in Ireland to brew strong beer or ale, or small beer for fale, for each and every brewhoufe used by foch person  -  -  -  -  io  0  O

for and upon every licence to any .perfon to keep any coffec-houfe -  -  %  -  -  *200

For and upon every licence to any person to fell by ao&ion within the district of the metropolis, or within fix miles of the castle of Dublin ~  *  too

For and upon every licence to any person to fell by auction in any other part of Ireland *  -  > *  o 1-0 O

For and upon every licence to any person in Ireland, to make glass bottles, and other vefTels or utensils made of common bottle metal  *  •  x o O

For and upon every licence to any hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or other trading person going from place to place in Ireland, and travelling either on foot or.with horfe, or other beast of burthe% nr otkrwife carrying to fell, or e*pofiog to fale, any goods, wares, or merchandize; also to travelling . . . tinkers, and caftcrs of iron and metal, anfl to pear-v t; fons hiking abput tea or coffee for sale *  -  t  f  d

And a farther duty for every horfe, or other beast bearing or drawing burthen, which such person shall foj travel, with,, or cause to be used wr the purpose'of carrying or drawing his, her, or their goods, wares, or merchandize •  200

METH£GLIM

Anno fegni quadragefimo quarfo GeoroiiIII. c-i6. [180

SCHEDULE (F.). lontivui.  dptv!

METHEGLIN OR MEAD.

For and upon every gallon of metheglin or mead - made in Ireland for fate, and after the lame rate for any greater or less quantity, to be paid by the makers thereof -  -  -  -  o  o

PAPER MANUFACTURE.

For and upon the several forts of paper herein-afW mentioned, which {had be made in Ireland, the several and respective duties following, to be paid by the makers of such papers rcfpc£Hvely:

For and upon every pound weight avoirdupois of paper fit or proper, or that may be used for, or applied to, the uses and purposes of writing, draw*

A ing, and printing, or any of them, and of all

elephant paper, and all cartridge paper -  *002

For every pound weight avoirdupois of ail coloured papers, and whited-brown papers, other than and except elephant and cartridge papers, fit or proper for the use or purposes of wrapping up c goods, and not fit or proper, or capable of being used for, or applied to, the uses or purposes-of writing, drawing, and printing, or any other of them -  -  -  -  -  o  o  I

Tor every pound weight avoirdupois of brown paper fit and proper for the use and purpose of wrapping op goods, and not fit or proper, or capable of being used for, or applied to, the uses or purposes of writing, drawing, and priming, or any of them, and of all button paper, or button board  -  -  O  o  o\

For every pound weight avoirdupois of paper fit or proper, t>r capable of being used for, or applied to, the uses or purposes of paper hangings  -  -  O  o  i

For every one hundred weight of pafte-boSrd, mBI-bdard, and feale-board, and paper commonly called by the name of fheating or (heathing paper - o io o And fo in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

For every one hundred weight or glazed paper fof clothiers and hot prefers  - ' 1 - - 5  0

And fi> in proportion for any greater or lese quantity.

For every pound Weight avoirdupois of every icrt or kind of paper not herein-before enumerated or * defetibed -  *  -  -  -002{

PAPER HANGINGS.

For and upon every fijuare yard'of papes wkich shall be printed, painted1, or ‘flamed in Ireland, to fervp

for

18041} Any itgni quadragefono quarto Gsorgii IIL c. *6*

SCHEDULE (F.) cmtimnd. ,  '  duty.

Piper hangings, continued.  £.  j.  d.

for hangings or other ufcs, and lo in proportion for any greater quantity* to bf paid by thje. printer* punter* or ftafiner thereof  - - ~ - o . o  1

PLATE WROUGHT.

For and upon every ounce troy weight of gold or filler (date wrought, made, or manufactured in Ireland  -  -  -  -  -006

And fo in proportion for any greater or left weight.

MALE SERVANTS.

For every male- servant who IhaQ be retained or employed by any person in Ireland at any time, in each and every year, from the 25th day of March 1804, the yearly Anns, duties, or taxes following, that is to lay:

For one male servant -  -  -  *  -129

For two male Servants, each -  -  -  -  1  14  i£

For any number of male Servants exceeding two and not exceeding four, each -  -  -  -256

For any number of male servants exceeding four and not exceeding Seven, each  -  -  -  2  16  io{

For eight male Servants, each -  *  *300

For nine male fervants, each  -  -  -383

For ten male Servants, each  -  -  - 3 10 O

To be paid by the person who shall retain or employ fiich male fervant, or fervants, and to be paid for every male servant who shall be retained or employed in any of the following capacities, that is to fay: Maitre d'hot el, house fteward, matter of the horfc, groom of the chamber, valet de chambre, butler, under butler, clerk of the kitchen, con-fe&oner, cook, house porter, footman, running footman, coachman, groom, poftillion, gardener, not bring a day labourer, park-keeper, game-keeper, huntfman, or whipper-in, or by whatever name or names male servants really acting in any of the said capacities, shall be called, or whether , fitch male servants shall have been or. shall be retained or employed in one or more of the said capacities, or in any other bufineft jointly With one or more of the feme*

SPIRITS. •

For and upon every gallon of aqua rkab, tttong waters, or (pints made or dittilled in Ireland, from malt, or from corn malted or unmaltcd, to be paid; by the firftmakcr or distiller thereof - . .  0  3  «

For

128 Anno reghi quadfagelimo quarto Georgii III.hcw'sbhS^ [180

SCHEDULE (F.} continued.  puty,

SpiHttcontinued.  .  ..  X*  s.

For and upon every galloo of spirits made or distilled from melafles in Ireland, to be paid by the first ' maker or diftQler thereof "  -  •  -  -  -  O  45

SWEETS OR MADE WINES.

For and upon every barrel, containing thirty-two gallons, of all liquor for sale made in Ireland, by infuiton, fermentation, or otherwife, from fruit or sugar mixed with any other ingredients or materials, called sweets or made wines, and after the fame rate for any greater or less quantity to be paid by the respective makers thereof -  -50c

TOBACCO.

For and upon every pound weight of tobacco which shall be manufactured in Ireland, in any manner, to be paid by the person manufacturing flic fame, or taking any part thereof out of the original package, and' to be paid for every pound weight contained in such package at the time when the fame shall be opened -  -  -  -  -005

VELLUM AND PARCHMENT.

For and upon all vellum and parchment which Hi all at any time or times be made in Ireland, the re- . fpcCiive rates and duties hereinafter exprefled; that is to fay,

For and upon every dozen (kins of vellum -  -006

For and upon every dozen (kins of parchment  - 0 0 3

And proportionally for any greater or less quantity of such vellum and parchment, to be paid by the maker.

VINEGAR.

For and upon eyery barrel, containing thirty-two gallons of vinegar, vinegar beer, or liquors preparing for vinegar, brewed or made in Ireland for fale, and after the fame rate for any greater or lefc quantity, to be paid by the maker -  -  -  0  3  0

.. . WIND9W LIGHTS.

Upon and out of every dwelling-houfe or tenement in Ireland, inhabited or to be inhabited, at any time in eacH and every year, from the 25th day of March 1804,' the refpeClive yearly rates and duties following, ^according to the number of windows or \ light* in such houses or tenements refpe&iveiy..

Mir tf Windows  according to which  t/ball

k Am godYiarfy; and  the XtnrljRates thereon rtJpeSively.

SCHEDULE (F.J eon tinned.

n«,.ii:nik  1—:__

5 Windows or Lights      a  a •

6  Ditto    am  •

7  Ditto  •  .  .

1  Ditto    mm  m

9  Ditto    ■ .  ~ m

10  Ditto  mm  * .  •

11  Ditto  .m    am

11  Ditto    •  am

13  Ditto    am  m

>4  Ditto  •  m  mm

  Ditto    mm  -

16  Ditto    ..  m

>7  Ditto  — *  •  -

18  Ditto    tm  m

*9  Ditto  •  %  * m

20  Ditto    •  m

21  Ditto    ft  am

22  Ditto  .    9 m

23  Ditto  *  •  m

H  Ditto  •  .  -

*5  Ditto    .a  ‘ m am

26  Ditto    ' .  am

27  Ditto  m  a.  m •

28  Ditto  m  m  to

29  Ditto  m  m  •

30  Ditto    m  •

3>  Ditto    m  at

32  Ditto    'm  -

33  Ditto  •m a  m m  -

34  Ditto    •  -

35  Ditto  m    •

3&  Ditto  mm    m

37  Ditto    a *  0 an

3*  Ditto  m  •  m

39  Ditto  m    m mm

¥>  Ditto  m  ->  -

4«  Ditto  * a.  ‘ m  •

41  Ditto  •  .  am

43  Ditto  •  •  m

44  Ditto    * »  m

45  Ditto  “ —  •  m

46  Ditto      

47  Ditto    -L  to

4«  Ditto  * —    to

49  Ditto  “ —    mm

V  01. XLV.      K

DUTY*    

£•  So  d.

O  4 *0}  

0  6  6

O  8  8

O  11  11

O  *5  2

O  18  5

X  1  8

X  7  7i

I  *3  7

I  *9  6 i

2  2  6  >3  u

3  0  

3  7  8 i

3 *4    9

4  3  S

4  12  1

5  0  9

5  9  5

5  18  1

6  8  11

6  11  z

6  *3  3

6  >S  5

6  n  7

7  8  5

7  10  7

7  12  9

7 *4    11

I  *7  1

8  7  11

8  10  X

8  12  3

8  »4  5

8  16  7

,9  9  7

•9 11    9

9  *3  11

9  16  1

9  18  3

JO  u  3

10  *3  S

- 10  *5  7

- 10 17    9

- *Q  *9  41

*3°

SCHEDULE (F.) continued* Window-Lights continued, viz.

For every Dwelling-Houfe, having

50  Windows or Lights -

51  .  Ditto  -

5*

53

54 5.

57

58

59

60

61 61

63

6+-

65

66

6 i

69

70

7*

72

73

74

a

is

81

8a

83

84 8 81 8

89

90

91 9*

93

94

95

96

Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto . Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto

DUTY

£• *

-  11 12 1

-  11 15

-11 17

-  11 19

. 12  1

-  1* *4 :

-  12 16 c

-  12 18 it

-  13  1 1

-  *3 3 2

-  1316 j

-  13 *8 J

-  14 o 7

-  *4 » 9

-  *4 4 11

*  14 *7 »*

-  15 o 1

-  15 2 3

-  15 4 5

-  15 6 7

-  *5 *9 7

-  16 1 9

-  16 3 it

-  16 6 1

-  16 8 3

-  17 1 3

-  >7 3 S

-  17 5 7

-  17 7 9

-  17 9 11

•  18 in

-  18 S 1 18 7 3

-  18 9 S

. 18 11 7

i- *9 ♦ 7

.  19  6  9

-  19  8  11

-  19 11 »

1

-  19 1

-  20 -

-  20 8 5

-  20 10 7

20  I* 9

-  20 14 11

21  7 11

-  21 10 1

SCHEDULE (F.) cmtimud. Window-Light! continued, viz. for every Dwelling-Hoofe, having

97  Windows  or Lights  -  - '

98  Ditto  ..  •  •

99  Ditto  m    -

ICO  Ditto  •  •  m

191  Ditto  .  *  •

ia  Ditto  -  -  m

109  Ditto    •  .

M»  Ditto    .  

JOJ  Ditto  . -  -  m

106  Ditto  •  •  -

107  Ditto  •  .. • •  •

108  Ditto  m  m  •

109  Ditto  m  m  •

110  Ditto  m  -  •

III  Ditto      -

112  Ditto  •  • -  

II3  Ditto  -  •  -

»4  Ditto    -  •

»J  Ditto      m

116  Ditto    •  •

»7.  Ditto  •    m

118  Ditto  •  am am  m

“9  Ditto  m  m m  m

120  Ditto    m ' -  -

121  Ditto  M m  m a  m

122  Ditto    - -  -*

123  Ditto    •  -

124  Ditto  •  am •  

125  Ditto      

126  Ditto    •  -

127  Ditto    am m  

118  Ditto    «• m  •

'*9.  Ditto      .

130  Ditto  m  • m  •

131  Ditto  „ -  » m  - '

132  Ditto    •  am

>33  Ditto  •  •  -

>34  Ditto  •  •  am

J35  Ditto  «,*  . •  am

»36  Ditto  - «.  m m  -

•37  Ditto  m  am- am  -

'38  Ditto  m  •  -

'39  Ditto  m  « a.  «*

'4o  Ditto  m  m m  -

>4i  Ditto  m  -  m

'42  Ditto    m  a

Hj  Ditto  m    . m

xa

DUTY.    

£•  s.  i.

at  12  3

at  14  5

at  l6  7

aa  x9  4

23  1  0  8

23  3  

23  5  10

23  8  0

23  10  a

23  12  4

23 14    6

23  16  8

23  18  10

25  1  7

25  3  9

25  5  11

25  8  1

25  id  3.

25  12  5

25 14    7

25  16  9

2$  18  IX

26  X  X

27  3 10  

27  6  0

27  8  2

27  10  4

27  12  0  8

27  14  

27  16 10  

2l  *9  0

28  1  2

28  3  4

29  6  8  X

29    3

29  10  5

29  12  7

29  *4  9

29 16    11

29 19    1

30  X  3

3°  3  5

30  5  7

3*  8  4

3X  10  6  8

3*  12  

3*  14  10

*3* Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Gko&oii HI- c. a6. £1804!

SCHEDULE (F) <i*tiniu<L Window-Lights continued, viz..

For every DweNingyHoufc, having 144 Window* or Lights

*45

146

*47

1*8

*49

150 i$t

*5*

*53

*S4

151

156

*57 * S8 *59

160

161

162

*$3

■64

its

166

>47

>68

169

*70

*7*

»ya

*73

*74

I?i

$

179

180

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto-

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Di{to

Ditto-

Ditto.

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

<Ditt*

  DUTY.    

  £•  i.  d.

1  3*  *7  a

-  3*  *9  2

  3»  1  4

•  3*  3  6

w  3*  5  8

-  3*  7  to

  33  10  7

  33  12  9

«•  33 ‘4    IK

♦  33 *7    X

  33  *9  3

•f  34  1  5

T  34  3  7

w  34  5  9

T  34  7  11

*  34  10  1

+  3S  12  10

W  35  *5  0

T  35  *7  2

  35  *9  4

m  3&  1  6

UP  3*  3  8

<o*  3^  5  10

-  36  8  a

*  3$  10  2

-  36 12    4

m  37  *5  1

m  37 *7    3

Fon every JweUing-houfe, having ot* hundred and qjgjky-one windows or lights, and upwards, additional foe oacb-window or light  .

S

I

3!

38

38 -*2

38  *4

39  *7

*9

1

3

I

10

022

CAP.

Anno rtgni quadrtgcfimo quarto Georgit III. c. 13]

CAP. XXVII.

h t&br charging, until the twenty-fifth day tf March one then-fineeight hundred and five, certain tncreafti countervailing duties m tie importation, into Ireland, of the feVeral goods, want, and merchandize therein mentioned, being the growth, produce, or ma-nfeHure of Great Britain ; and for allowing incrtafed draw-tab on the exportation to Great Britain of the several articles therein mentioned, being the manufacture of Ireland.—[March 13, 1804-]

WHEREAS  by two  feveralafls, one pqffrd parSament£**{**1  .

tf Great Britain in tit  tbtity-nmth fortieth years tf rfthMwioii

lisprefiut Mtjtftjs nipt, and the fiber  puf hi tit Bri-

Irchod i* the fortieth year tf bit  faii Adafifly's reign, the aad tre-

/ Great Britain and Ireland, it is in and by article tf the knd- See Vh fad anion, amongfiother things, provided and  that

articles tf the  growth,  produce or manufacture tf either country, Ci jj_ '  '

which are or may he fubjefl to interned slaor to duty on the Uriah tf which they are compefid, may mode fitbjtfl on the iopertotmu into tads country refpeflmeiy, from the other^ to matervitiing duty as Jball  apphar to ho jnfi and in

effitch haemal duty or duties on the materials; and that for the field psurptfet the. articles  Jpetifiedin certain the find

refptflivtiy annexed, Jball  he Jubjefl to the duties fit forth

in the Jdi3 fibeduhs. Sable to he taken off, dhnhnfhad, or incrtafed in wanner therein Aecified j add that upon the export tf ibe faii articles from each country to tkt other refpefl a drawback he given equal in amount to the countervailing duty payable filth articles on the import theretf into tho fame country from the j end tbit in  tike manner in future it frail be competent to the united

parliament to iatpofe any new or additional countervailing duties,'or la toko off or diminijb fiuhexifring countervailing duties, us may appear on like principles to he fifr akd reafohabie, in rtfreft of any future or additional internal duty on any,orticks tf the growth, product, or  manufafluretf either country, or tf any sum or additional

duty'onany materials tf which fitch article may he compofed, or tf any abatement tf duty on the fame j and that when any fitch new or adtitienal  countervailing  duty frail be ft impoftd on the import tf

coy article into either country from the other, a drawback equal m amount to fiuh, countervailing duty Jball he given in like manner on tie export tf every fitch article rtfpefliveiy from the fame country to the other :and whereas the duties payable in Ireland on the al Recital that articles rtfpefliveiy  mentioned and fit forth in the fcbedule marked jnlan<l .

(A.), hereunto annexed, being of toe growth, produce or manufaflure ilffreUnd'^ (/'Ireland, andalfo on the materials of which fiuh articles are re- have been fptflively compofed, have been incrtafed since the pafftng ef the/aid increafed. railedaflt: and whereas the duties on the importation into Ireland ef the fivtral. and  rtfptfltve materials whereof, the several articles

refptQively mentioned aud fit forth in the fikedule marked (B.), hereunto  annexed,art compofed, have also been incrtafed since the

pafftng ^

countervail* ing duties ought to be charged on like articles from Great Britain,

Increafed countervailing duties imposed on

134 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 27. [(804.

That there- faffing of tbt said recited ads ; and whereas it is just and reasonable fore additional l% Tijpefl thereof and purfuani to the said recited provisions con-coun erva -*  in  the fetid ads* that new fir additional countervailing duties

Jhould be imposed on the like articles fetforth in the faidfebeiules (A.) and  being  the growth* produce, or manufacture of Great

Britain, and imported from thence into Ireland, sufficient to coun-terhail respectively fucb increase of internal duty payable in Ireland, and of duty on the materials of which such goods* wares* and merchandize are or shall be respectively comp fed: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflemb)ed,.and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the twenty-fifth Any of March one thousand eight hundred and four, until and upon the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five, Britiftiarticles there shall be granted,'raifed, levied, collcdled, and paid unto in schedules his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, upon the several goods, imported into warcs>merchandize mentioned and fet forth in the fchcdulcs Ireland, until or tables respectively marked (A.) and (B.) hereunto annexed, March *5, being of the growth, produce, or manufacture of Great Britain, ,g°f*  imported  from  thence into Ireland* the several increased coun-

tervailing duties which are respectively deferibed and fet forth in words and figures in the feud schedules or tables marked (A.) and (B.); which said increased countervailing duties are equal in amount to the countervailing duties payable on any of the said goods, wares, and merchandize refpedively, underand by virtue of the said recited ads for the union of Great Britain '  and Ireland, together with such new or additional duties as are

fufficient to countervail respectively the increase of internal duty payable in Ireland* and of duty on the materials of which such goods, wares, and merchandize are or shall be refpcdtively compofed.

II.  And whereas it is just and reasonable on account of the in-ereafed rate of the duties charged on the several articles Jet forth in the fcbedule or table marked (C.) hereunto annexed\ the growth^ produce, or manufacture of Ireland, and exported from thence to s Great Britain, that increased drawbacks Jhould in rtfpeCl thereof '  be paid and allowed thereon\ be it therefore further enacted,

That, from and after the said twenty-fifth day of March one thoufimd eight hundred and four, until and upon the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five, there shall be paid and allowed on the exportation of the said several articles fet forth in the schedule or table marked (C.) hereunto y, . . annexed, from Ireland to Great Britain, the several and r?-Great Britain. fpc£jvc increased drawbacks as the fame are respectively deferibed and fet forth in words and figures in the schedule or table hereunto annexed, marked f C.): provided always, that the said increased drawbacks respectively shall not be paid unless and until all the Jules, regulations, reltridions, and conditions

required

Increafed drawbacks granted (in respect of increased duties) on exportation to

iHf)Ando Kgni quadragefimo qtfctrto GEdxorrlll. c. 27.  135:

repM by law, with refpeA to drawbacks payable on the exportation of the said several articles fct forth in the schedule o/wMetnarked (C.) hereunto annexed,, shall have beet)'fully sai duly complied with.

Ill* And be it further enaAed, That all monies arising by Duties shall be . Ac duties imposed by this aA (the nfcceflary charges of railing canied to ud accounting for the fame being deducted), shall be carried fond" to aid made pfert of the Gonfolidatedfund of Inland.

fP. And be it further <naAcd>That neither the sum of No pay* fixpcact per pound por any other,fee shall be payable to or™*# dedu&ed or received by any officer or officers of the treasury of kekmit fdr or on account of the iffixing or payment of any Am or sums of money arising by or which shall be received for or on account of the aids hereby granted.

V.  And be it further enaAed, That the several duties hereby granted, and the drawbacks which maybe paid and allowedfljjjiibema-uadcr and by virtue of this a A, shall be paid and payable, and Daged as under received and receivable in Irijb currency; and shall and* may former be managed, ascertained, raifed, leyied, eolleAed, anfwercd, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, in the fame manner and under such powers and authorities, and by filch ways and -methods^ and according to. such rules and dircAionr, and under such penalties and forfeitures as are appointed, directed, and expressed for the Taifingreollo&tAg, levying, paying, and managing of duties payable on goods, wares, and merchandise, imported into and expected from Ireland, in and by . an aA of parliament made in Ireland, in the fourteenth and fifteenth of his !?re majesty King Charles the Second, intituled.

An a8 for the settling tie excise or new impost upon his Majesty,, his heirs and Juccejfors, according to the book of rates therein inserted* or by any other aA or a As in force in Ireland relating no the revenue .of customs and excife, or either of them, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes as if the fame were herein expressed and enaAed, with the like remedy of appeal to and for the party or parties aggrieved, as in and by the (aid la(K mentioned aA, passed in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his said late majesty King Charles the Second, or any other aA or a As as aforesaid is provided.

Vh And be it enaAed, That this aA may be amended. Aft may fo varied, altered, or repealed, by any aA to be paifcd in the pre- Altered this feat session of parliament.  fcflion.

The

136 Annoregni quaingeflmo quarto GsOkou III. c. *7. [1804.

The SCHEDULES referred to by this A

Schedule (A.)

Increafed Countervailing Duties of Excife payable on the In. portation from Great Britain into Ireland of certain Articles

of the Growth) Produce; ot Manufe&ure of Great Britain.

) '

purr.

BEER.  £.  s. d.

For and upon every barrel of beer or ale, con. taining thirty-two gallons, brewed or made in Great Britain -  -  -  -  -05  3$

And fo in proportion for any greater or left quantity.

SPIRITS.

For and upon every gallon of fpirits, being of the manuh&Ore of Great Britain -  -  -  O  4  5A

Schedule (B.)

Increafed .Countervailing Duties of Cudoms payable on the Importation from Great Britain into Ireland of certain Articles, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain.

DUTY.

SILK MANUFACTURES.  £.  1.  J,

For and upon 'all fitks, being of the manufacture of Great Britain, and imported dire&Iy from thence, the following duties, viz.

For and -upon every pound weight thereof, containing 16 ounces,

Of all ribbons and fluffs of silk only  -  -026;

Of all fUk and ribbons of silk mixed with gold or silver -  .  -034

Of all silk dockings, silk gloves, silk fringe, silk laces, ftitching and sewing silk -  -  •  o  1  6{

Of all manufactures of silk not otherwise enumerated or described -  -  -  -  -020'

Of all fluffs of silk and grogram yarn  -  *007;

Of all (luffs of silk mixed with incle or cotton - 0 0 iOf Of all duffs of silk and worded mixed -  -  O  0  5

Of all duffs of silk mixed with any other material o 0 If And fo in' proportion for any greater or left quantity.

DOTY.

SUGAR REFINED.  £.  1.  d.

Of die manufacture of Great Britain, and im-porrwl diredHy from thence, the following duties,

**.

For and upon every hundred weight thereof, containing 112 lbs.

Ofafl sugar called Beftards, whole or ground * 1 3 tb Qfaflfoear called Lumps -  ■  -  -  2  4  8i

Of all sugar celled Single Loaf Sugar  -  -  2  7  8

Of all sugar called Powder Loaf.and Double Loaf  a  it

OfflH sugar called Sugar Candy Brown  -  '•  1  4  8i

Of all sugar called Sugar Candy White  -  -  2  11  nf

Of all sugar refined of any other fort  -  ••an  a

And fo in proportion for any greater or left quantity.

• Schedule (C.)

Increafed Drawbacks'to be paid and allowed on certain Articles, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Ireland, exported from thence to Great Britain.

DRAWBACK.

BEER.  t.

For and upon every barrel of beer or ale, containing thirty-two gallons, brewed or made in Great Britain, and fo in proportion for any greater or Iris quantity  -  -  -  -  - 053}

SILK MANUFACTURES.

For and upon all lilies, being of the manufacture of Ireland, the following drawbacks, viz.

For and upon every pound weight thereof, containing 16 ounces.

Of all ribbons and (tuffs of (ilk only  -  -026*

Of all silk and ribbons of (ilk, mixed with gold er fdver .-  -  -  •  -  "034

Of all silk (lockings, .filk gloves, (ilk fringe, silk laces, ditching and sewing silk -  -  -016$

Of all manufactures of silk not othertoife enumerated or deferibed  -  -  •  -  o 2 or.

Of all (toffs of silk or grogram yarn  -  -007$

Of all (tuffs of silk mixed with inde or cotton -00 10$ Of all fluffs of silk and worlted mixed -  -805

Of all (tuffs of silk mixed with any other material 00  71

And fo in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

138 Annoregniquadragelirno quarto Gborgu III* c. *8. [1804^

SPIRITS.  DRAWBACKS.

£. S. d.

For and upon every gallon of fpirits, being of the manufacture of Ireland -  -  -  -  o 4 5^r

" SUGAR REFINED.

Of the manufacture of Ireland, the following drawbacks, viz.*

For and upon every hundred weight thereof, containing 11 albs.

Of all sugar called Baftards, whole or ground - 1  3  ro

Of all sugar called Lumps -  -  -  - 2  4  8i

Of afl sugar called single Loaf Sugar -  -27  8

Of all sugar called Powder Loaf and Double Loaf - 2 11  2i

Of all sugar called Sugar Candy Brown -  -2.4  8;

Of all sugar called Sugar Candy White -  -  - 2 11  2i

Of all sugar refined of any other fort -  -  -211  21

And fo in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act for granting to his Majesty a duty upon malt made in Ireland, for the yeat one thousand eight hundred and four.—[March 23* ,  .  1804.]  >

Mod gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland^ in parliament aflembled, towards raifirig the necefiary supplies 10 defray your Majesty's publick expences in Ireland, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unro your Majesty the duty hereinafter mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enaCted, and be it enaCled by the King's most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That within and through that part of the united kingdom called Ireland\ there shall be raffed, levied, colle&ed, paid, and satisfied unto and to the uie of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, for and upon all malt made in Ireland, the duty hereinafter mentioned ; that is to fay,

Duty on malt For and upon every barrel of malt, ground or unground, which at any time or times from and after the twenty-fourth day of barrel 7  ^arc^ onc thousand eight hundred and four, and before the twenty-

fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred'and five, dull be made of barley or any other corn or grain in Ireland by any per-fon or persons whatsoever (whether the fame shall be or nor be for falc), the sum of (even shillings and feven-pence Irijb currency,

and

rioi) Aooo legal qoadragefimo quarto Gsoaoti III. c. &8.  139

and & proportionably for a greater or less quantity, to be paid ' tyjkoaker or makers thereof refpedively.

I II. And be it further enaded, That tl>e said duty by this ad Duty shall be looted shall be raifed, levied, colledcd, and paid untp his Ma- ^uuSons of ; jdty, bis heirs and fuccefibrs, during the time and term aforesaid, a#g 37 Geo.3*

; kuhe bine manner, and under such powers and authorities, and (I.) c. 33. by &b ways and means, and according to such rules, regular 40 Geo. 3. (I.) ties,and directions, and under such penalties and forfeitures in ill mpeds as are appointed, directed, and expressed for the rai- J. 9s. 3#

Hag, Jurying, col led mg, paying, and managing his MajeAy's revenue upon malt, in and by a certain ad, made in the parliament of Inkedin the thirty-feventh year of the reign of his present J&jefty, intituled. An act for cilltfiing and /wiring bis Majejlys tame upon malt 1 and in and by a certain other ad made in the parliament of Ireland in the fortieth year of the reign of his pitfatMajefty, to amend and continue the said ad of the rhirty-fcvrnth year; and in and by an ad made in the parliament of the United Kingdom in the forty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An all to amend the alls now in force for jawing the coUeQian of the revenue upon malt$ and for regulating the trait of 0 distiller in Ireland; and in and by any other ad or ads of parliament, in and by the said ads or either of them referred  »

onto, or any of them.

III.  And be it further enaded, That all monies arising from an* wied tbeduty hereby granted, (the necefiary charges of collcding and

paying the fame being deduded), shall be carried to and made part of the consol (dated fund of Ireland.

IV.  And be it further enaded. That there shall be paid to Drawback 00 every pcrlon who shall export malt from Ireland, on which the Jj™, , duty payable thereon shall have been fully paid and fatisfied, a *** * drawback of all duty charged and actually paid thereon; and to On beer 51. every person who shall export Arong beer or ale from Ireland,> a per barrel, drawback or allowance of five shillings Irijb currency, for every

thirty-two gallons of such Arong beer or ale, which'drawback shall be paid by the collcdor of the port from which such malt or beer or ale Hull be exported, out of any money in his hands: provided, that no such drawback shall be paid or allowance of duty made, enfeft the persons refpedively, who export such malt or beer or ale, lbaJl have performed such requiiites, and complied with such regulations and reAri&ions as are required to be performed and observed by persons exporting any article whereon any drawback or bounty is payable for obtaining the fame.

V.  And be it further enaded. That on all Arong beer and ale. Bounty of brewed, in Ireland,, and which shall be (hipped for exportation to l4*9*P*Tbar* any place except Great Britain, there shall be allowed and paid Jjxportcd^

to the perfen or persons exporting such Arong beer or ale, made when the price no oily from malt the growth or produce of Ireland, when rhe of bailey price of barley, ascertained in the manner specified in an ad passed (under ay *4. in Inland in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of ^*8 exo S under pe:cnt Majesty*s reign,'intituled, An act for regulating the corn

trade

SPIRITS*  DRAWBACKS.

'  £- 1. d.

For and upon every gallon of fpirits, being of the manufacture of Ireland -  -  -  -045^

SUGAR REFINED*

Of the manufacture of Ireland, the following draw* backs, viz.

For and upon every hundred weight thereof, containing ii2lbs.

Of all sugar called Baftards, whole or ground - r 3 10 Of all fbgar called Lumps -  -  -  - 2 4 8}

Of afl sugar called Angle Loaf Sugar -  -278

Of ail sugar called Powder Loaf and Double Loaf - 2 11 2! Of all sugar called Sugar Candy Brown -  - 2. 4 81

Of all sugar .ailed Sugar Candy White -  -  -2112}

Of all sugar refined orany other fort •  -  - 2 11 it

And fo in proportion for any greater or lets quantity.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act for granting to his Majesty a duty upon malt made in Ireland, fir the yeat one thousand eight hundred and four.—[March 231 . 1804.]

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty** moil dutiful and loyal fubjeCb, the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Inland in parliament aftembfed, towards railing the necessary supplies 10 defray your Majesty** publick expences in Ireland, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unro your Majesty the duty hereinafter mentioned; and do moil humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enaCted, and be it enacted by the King's molt excellent majefty,' by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aftcmbled, and by the authority of the fame. That within and through that part of the united kingdom called fa-land, there shall be raifed, levied, collected, paid, and satisfied unto and to the ule of his Msiefty, his heirs and fbcceftbrs, for and upon all malt made in Ireland^ the duty hereinafter mentioned ; that is to fay,

Duty on malt For and upon every barrel of malt, ground or unground, which at any c*me or **mes fr°m aru* a^tcr f^c twenty-fourth day of barrel 7 ^  one thousand eight hundred and four, and before the twenty-1

fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five, Dull be made of barley or any other corn or grain in Ireland by any per-fou or persons whatsoever (whether the fame shall be* or nor be for fale),the fumof (even shillings and feven-pence Jr#& currency,

and 1

itotjAaao regnrquadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 29.  141

Mos payment of foch countervailing duty as aforesaid, be in* daotScd against any fine or penalty in respect of such importa-h»;iay thing in any aft or afts in force in Ir^land^ to the con-ftry thereof notwithftanding.

LLAnd be it further enabled. That this aft may be amended, Aft why he ahstdyor repealed, by any aft or ads to be passed in this present thli (efien of parliament.

CAP. XXIX. .  !

Aid for permitting* until the fifth day of May one thousand eight kindred and five, the importatton of bidet, calve fkins, horns, tattow, end wool9 (except cotton wool)) in foreign Jhtps, on payment of the Me duties at if imported in BritiQi or Irifh finpu—[March 23,  »

1804.]

WHEREAS is is expedient that his Majesty by order in council\ and in Ireland, that the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor trimmers and the privy council in Ireland, should be authorised to permit for a limited time, the importation of any hides or pieces of hides, drefti 'or vndrejffed) cahe skins or pieces of calve fkins, drejfed or un-irtfei, boms or pieces of horns, tallow, and wool\ (other than and ttety cotton wool), to be imported in any foreign ship or veffet into the United Kingdom; be it thereforeenafted by the King's mod ex-cellcnt majefty, by and with the advice and eonfent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament rfcmbfcd, and by the authority of the fame, That it shall and Hides, See. may be lawful for his Majesty by order in council, and in Ireland?*** b7 for the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors and IDi^rtcS in Ac privy council in Ireland, by order in council,from time to time, foreign vdBels^ when and as often as the fame shall be judged expedient, to per- &c. mit, until the fifth day of May one thousand eight hundred and five, any hides, pieces of hides, dressed or undrefled, calve (kins or pieces of calve (kins, dressed or undrefled, horns or pieces of horns, tallow, dnd wool, (except cotton wool), to be imported in any foreign ship or vcflel, and to be admitted to entry in any  f

port or place in the United Kingdom on payment of such and (he like duties of jouftoois and excise as arc due and payable on the like goods when imported in any Britijh or hijb built ship or vcflel; any thing contained in any aSt to the contrary notwith-fending.

11. And be it further enacted. That all fitch goods, wares, and fubfeft to the merchandize, when fc imported as aforesaid, shall bis subject to regulations all rules, regulations, and conditions, and to all penalties and W<*wted by forfeitures for the breach thereof, to which they would have been 9 liable and fubjeft, if they had been imported into Great Britain or Ireland) according to any law or laws in force at the time of the palling of this aft.

‘C A fc

*42  Annorfgniquadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 30. [1804.

CAP. XXX.

Ah aft to rtvivi and continue, iwr//Y r/jAf months after the ratificotm of a definitive treaty of peace, an nwdr in /£* forty-ficni year of his present Majesty, for repealing several afts relating ts the aamiJJSon of certain articles of merchandize in neutral fmft, and to the {filling orders in council for that purpose, andfor makiq other provifionsin lieu thereof; and afo to indemnify all perjw who have been concerned in tuning or carrying into execution ordtri \ of council for permitting the importation of certain goods from America in neutralfbips*—[March 23, 1804.]

WHEREAS an aft passed in the forty-ft cond year tf the nip of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for repealing several *• la  alls made in the thirty-fifth, thirty-fixth, and thirty-ninth ani

fortieth years of the reign of hh present Majesty, relating to the admission of certain articles of merchandize in neutral (hips, and "to the issuing of orders in council for that purpose, and tor j making other provisions in lieu thereof, to continue until the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and four; wt'ub aft, fo far as relates to the allowing importations into Great Britain under orders of council, and into Ireland under the orders of*M lord-lieutenant and council there, of any goods or commodities the produce of any part of any territories, pojjejjions, or countries, net wiitr the dominion of bis Majesty, on the continent of America, or i* tht Weft Indies, under the regulations and restrictions therein nuntutU, was to continue in force until the firjl day of January one tfmjmi eight hundred and four, and no longer: and whereas it is exptdirt that the said act,fo far as the fame relates to importations into Great Britain and Ireland in /hips or veffils belonging to ptrfons ef on country in amity with his Majesty Joould be revived and mtinm\ be it therefore enacted by the King's moll excellent majefty, by and with 'the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afiembled, ani Recited ad, by the authority of the fame, That the said recited ad and all fofarasre- the powers and provisions therein contained, fo far as relates to |****A? importations into Great Britain under orders in council, and loodt in° °* bu° Ireland under the orders of the lord lieutenant and council neutral vtf. there, from any territory, poflefiion, or country, not under the Ids, revived* dominion of his Majesty, on the continent of America, or in the Weft Indies^ of any goods or commodities whatsoever, the produce of such territories, pofleffions, or countries, in (hips or vessels belonging to persons of any country in amity with his Majesty, fhaU, from and immediately after the palling of this ad, be revived, and the lame is and'are hereby revived, and dull continue in full force and effect from and immediately after the pasting of this ad until eight months after the ratification of * definitive treaty of peace.

II.  And whereas by several orders in council, American fnpu with their cargoes, have, fence the first day of January one tbsufsnl eight hundred and four, been admitted to entry at the ports London

sii

1804.] Anno rtgni quad ragefirno quarto Georgii IILc. 31,32. 143 end Liverpool, under the rejlrtitions and regulations in the /aid aQ Perfons con-mimtd\ be it further enacted, That all such (hips ana vessels with their cargoes, shall be exempted from forfeiture on ac- Jrfcoundffor count of being fo admitted to entry, and all persons who have adraiflion of been concerned in advising or issuing such orders, or who shall American hare acted or shall aft in pursuance of or according (o such ynjer the^re-orders in council, shall be and are hereby indemnified.  gulations^f

recited a&,

CAP. XXXI.  indemnified.

Ajjadfor railing the further film of two millions by loans or exchequer-bills, on the credit of such aids or supplies as have been or shall be granted by parliament for the service of Great Britain, - for the year one thousandeight hundred and four.—[March 13,1804..]

Trcafury may raise a,000,000/. by loans or exchequer-bills in like manner as is prefoioed by the malt aft of this feffion, See, Exchequer-bills to bear an interest not exceeding 3d, %q. per cent, per diem j and, if not paid out of the supplies for 1804. they shall be received in payment* for tajes in four months after their date. Not to be received in payment of any taxes until payable. Claufes, See, in the malt aft, c. 16. relating to exchequer-bills, extended to this aft. Bank of England authorised to advance 1,000,000/. on the credit of this aft.

CAP. XXXII.

An all fir empowering his Majffiy, for a time and to an extent therein limited, to accept the jervices of such parts of his militia forces in Ireland as may voluntarily offer tkemfehes to be employed in Great Britain.—[May 3, 1804.]

WHEREAS divers of his Majefly*s militia regiments in Ireland, in order to evince their ardent and affectionate zeal for bis Majefly $ fervice, and for the general interests anti security of the United Kingdom, have, by their officers, non-commtffioned officers, and privates, voluntarily offered their services to be employed in Great Britain: and whereas it may materially conduct to the general interests and security of the United Kingdom, that bis Majesty fhouli be enabled to avail oimfelf of this dijlinguifbed proof of the attachment and public i fpiritof bis militia forces of Ireland; be it therefore enacted by the King's molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afletribled, and by the au» thorny of the fame, That fo much of any aft or afts relating to So much of* the militia of Ireland, or of any other aft or afts now in force in “yeS* P*®-Inland, as prohibits the carrying out of Ireland the militia forces thereof, (hall, during the continuance of this aft, be fufpended, roij[^a in fo for only as may relate to any part of the said forces, not Ireland fuf-exceeding in the whole ten thouiand men, whom his Majesty P«®<kd wit* may think proper to permit to serve in Great Britain, in con- ” 000 men* sequence of such voluntary offer as may have been, or during whose volun-the continuance of this aft shall be, made by any men now tary offer to enrolled, or hereafter to be enrolled in the fame militia to serve ^ryc?n®reat in Great Britain during the continuance of this aft, and duly mar

certified accept *

Voluntary offer to be binding.

Continuance of aft, See.

144 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto GsoRon III# c. 33. £1804.

Offer to be certified by their commanding officers: provided always, that, voluntary. previous to certifying such offer, such commanding officer shall nave explained to the persons making the fame, that the fame, if made, is purely voluntary on their parts, and that no person serving in the militia of Inland can be compelled to make such offer, or to engage to serve out of Ireland, except by his own No drawing con fen t fo fignifted: provided alfo, that no county, city, town, %? 6,1or place in Ireland^ (hall, during the continuance of this ad, be foch'force is drawn to fill any vacancy prising from the death, defertion, or Serving out of discharge of any such non-commifiioned officer, drummer, or Ireland. foldicr, belonging to such militia forces, whilst serving out of Ireland.

II.  Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all such voluntary offers of service as aforesaid shall be deemed and taken to be binding upon all persons making the fame, during the continuance of this a£t, to all intents and purposes whatfoever.

, III. And be it further eua&ed, That this aGt (lull continue in force until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufynd eight hun* dred and fix, and may be altered or repealed in this session of parliament.

CAP. xxxm.

An all far empowering his Majesty to dir ell'the augmentation of hit militia forces in Ireland, to an extent therein limited.—[May 3, 1804.]

WHEREAS it is expedient for the mere effi&ual defense rfthe United Kingdom, to vejl in the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time beings a difcrctionarj power, during theprefent war> to augment the militia of Ireland; be it therefore enabled by the King's mod excellent majefty, by pnd with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, fVom and after the palling of this adfc, it shall and may be lawful for the lord-lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being to issue his orders to any colonel or commanding officer of any regiment or battalion of the militia of Ireland, to enrol and receive into such regiment or battalion such volunteers as shall offer to serve in the said militia, and such number as shall be from time to time necefiary toiuppiy any vacancies in the fame, by death, defer non, or lawful dtfeharge.

II.  Provided always. That the ftrengih of any regiment or battalion of militia wall not exceed one hundred rank and file for company, with the ufiul proportion of commiffioiied or non-commiffioned officers j nor (ball any additional company be added to any reghnent or battalion of militia.

IJL And bo it further coaded. That the warrant of the lord* lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, directed to the colonel or commanding officer of

any

Lord-lieutenant may or* dcr commanding officers of militia to cn-rol volunteers.

No company to exceed too itten, nor any additional company added to any regiment. Warrants to commanding officers to ex-pi els tha

1804.I Aand regni qiiadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 33.  143

sny regiment or battalion, shall specify the precise number of numbers to mznftr company to be enrolled and received into the said regi- beraifcd. n*nt or battalion,'

IV.  And be it further cradled, That upon such order oV On receiving orders being issued as aforesaid, the several colonels or other ordm9 commanding officer or officers of such regiments (hall, from offiUw^to 15 time to time, immediately after the receipt of such order or proved to onkrs, proceed to enlist and enrol within their refpeflive county, enlist volun-or rounty of a city, such volunteers, being able-bodied men,

e/iafly resident within such respective counties, and not being

hts than five feet and two inches in height, and not more than 4/f  *

fom-five years of age, a9 can be procured, giving to each man,

by way ot bounty, any sum or Turns, and in such proportions,

and payable at such time or times, as the lord-lieutenant dr

other dhief governor or chief governors of Ireland for the time

being, may from time to time dired, not exceeding in the

whole the sum of four guineas per man.

V.  Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That it shall not be Nolargcrfum bwful to or for any colonel or other commanding officer or officers J-oimtteers ** of any regiment of militia, orto or for any other person or persons than shall be whatsoever on his or their behalf, to advance or give, or to en- dire&cd. gage or promise to advance or give, for the purpose of inducing

any man to enrol himself as a volunteer, any larger or greater sum of money, or arty other largefs, bounty, or reward, than such sum or Aims of money as mall be fo ordered by the lord-lieutenant, or other thief governor or chief governors of Ireland for the time being, in manner aforesaid.

VI.  And be it further enacted, That every man fo enrolled Men enrolled, shall take and fubferibe the following, oath, in the presence of to take the . some one governor, deputy governor, justice of the peace, or following magistrate, afling in and for the county, city, or place, to which

the regiment, battalion, or corps, in which he shall be enrolled,

(hall belong:

11 T A. B. dofincerely promise and fwear, That I will be faith* oath.

X ful and bear true allegiance to his majesty King George the Third, and that I will faithfully serve in the militia within that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for the defence of the fame, duriog the term of Ave years, for which I am enrolled, or for such further time as the militia shall remain embodied, if, within the space of five years, his Majesty Qiall order and diftli the militia to be drawn out and * embodied, unless I shall be sooner difcharged.”  '

VII.  And be it further enadled, That in cafe any vacancies Volunteers shall occur in the said militia by death, defertion, or lawful dif- may be en-charge, it (halt and may be lawful for the several colonels, or

other commanding officers 6f the several regiments to procure and vacanc! enrol, from time to time, volunteers to fill up any vacancies which shall happen by stich death, defertion, or dtfeharge, and to pay to such volunteer such sum or fums* and in such propor-Vqi,. XLV.  L  tions.

Volunteers (Si enrolled to be contidercd mitttu-j

146 Anno regni quadragefuno quarto Georgii III. c. 33. {1804.

tioos, and payable at such time or times, as the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or chief governors of Ireland for the time being, may dire#, in manner aforesaid \ and that every ...  such  volunteer enrolled for the purpose of supplying vacancies as

aforefaid, shall respectively take and fubferibe the oath herein* before recited to-be taken by volunteers to be enrolled by virtue of this aft, and in manner herein-before exprefled.

VIII.  And be it Author enafted, That all volunteers fo enrolled, (hall, from the date of their atteftations, be considered and are hereby declared to be militia-men, to all intents and purposes, and ball receive the fame pay, be entitled to the fame allowances, and be subject to all the laws and regulations which now are or may hereafter be in force in Ireland, with respect to any militia-man who shall have voluntarily enrolled himself in the said militia of Ireland; and that the wives and families of such militia>men (haU be entitled to relief, in all cafes, in the fame manner as the wives and families of militia-men are entitled under and by virtue of -an aft, passed in the lad firffion of parliament, intituled. An all to make provifion, in certain cafes, far the wives and /amities of ballotted men,fuhJUtutes, and volunteers serving in the militia of Ireland j and alfp, that all and every the rules, regulations, claufes, provifions, matters, and things, contained ia any aft in force with respect to the militia of Ireland, and in any aft for the punilhment of mutiny and defertion, ball be applied to, and extend in as full force in respect to any person who shall be enrolled as a militia-man under and by virtue of the present aft, as to any person who has been enrolled as such by virtue of the provisions in- any other aft or afts ia force relating to the militia of Ireland.

IX* Provided always, and be it enafted. That if' any deputy governor of any county, town, or city in Ireland, shall happen, previous to the pafimg of this aft, to have received into 'the militia more men than theeftablifhment previous to the palling of this aft amounted to, such men shall be deemed militia-men to ail interns and puroofes, and shall be entitled to pay from the date of their respective enrolments, and to the bounty aforefaid; and shall be fet down to the account of some pari(h, townland, or (ubdiviilon, in like manner as persons voluntarily offering thpmfclves to serve are directed to be fet down by any aft or in force relating to die militia of Ireland.

X. And be it further enacted. That, for the purposes aforc-

4* Geo.* c- 14a*

Where more meiiiiave been received into the militia than the eftabliih-mstat amounted to previous to this aft, such to be deemed noifi-tia-meiL

JLord Jieute-

wlU11?! faid, it shall and may be lawful for the lord-lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, from time to time, during the continuance of this aft, to issue his order or orders to :the lords-commiffioners of the treasury of Ireland, requiring them to advance, from time to time, any such Aim or Aims of money as the said lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors as aforesaid may by such order or orders direft, and pay to the several colonels, or other commanding officer or officers of the different regiments of militia in Ireland, any sum or fpma of money, not exceeding the rate of four '  .  guineas.

orders to the treasury to pay to commanding of. din the bounties allowed.

ifctyj Anno reghi qtoadragefimo qtlarto Georgii til. c. 34.'  147

pineai, for every private man that may be from time to time fo

enrolled.

XI. And be it further enacted* That the said several colonels, *

or other commanding officer or officers, (ball keep or cause to be kept true and regular entries of the names, additions, places pje8 tf cntries of refidcnce, parifh, and other defer ipt ion I, of the persons they of the names till enrol as aforesaid, and the several fuma they shall advance and deferip-adpiyto such persons refoeftively, and shall transmit regular ft^^SclUid CDp«of/uch entries, certified by them refpeftively, as well as of the 9 ij the adjutant and paymafter, or clerk of the regiment, batta- Alms paid to lion, or corps refpeftively, to the office of the chief secretary of them, to the the hid lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors as ?hief f<crc* aferefcid.  tuT\

XIL Provided always* and be it enabled, That nothing in Counties, kc. this a& contained shall be construed to charge any county, "hargedwith county of a town, or city in Inland, with filling up vacancies the expener occasioned by the death, difeharge, or desertion of such volun- for the filling leers as may have been or may be received in the militia service JP vacancies, under or by virtue of this aft; it being the intention of this aft a£ unUar that the men fo enrolled in addition to the eftablilhment of the mdiiia of Ireland, should be raised and kept up without any charge being made on the counties whatfoever.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That this aft may be Aft maybe amended, altered, or repealed, by any aft to be pafied in this J* preltnt fcffioa of parliament.  ffiL

CAP. XXXIV.

An afi to amend an aSfy pajfei in the lafi fejfton of parliament, for making provifson for the wives and families of militia-men of Irc-hnd.--{May 3, 1804.]

WHEREAS an all was pajfed in the lajlfejjton of parliament,

intituled, An act to make provifion, in certain erfes, for 4*  V

the wives and families of baliotted men, fubftitutes, and volun- c* teers serving in the militia of Ireland ; and whereas it is expedient ts emend the said all, fo far as relates to the families of baliotted men tmlki before the day herein-after mentioned; be it therefore enadedby the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and com* moos, in this present parliament afletnbled, and by the authority of the fame. That the families of all such men as m^y have Families of been chosen by lot to ferve, and shall have been enrolled and militia-men actually serving in their own proper persons in the said militia rweive the ° of Ireland on or before tne first day of November in the year one weekly al-thousand eight hundred and three, shall be entitled to, and shall lowances receive, during the absence on actual service of any such man heron-men-refpeftively, the weekly allowances following; that is to fay, oTSiofcmei^ after the rate of one (hilling for every child born in wedlock tioned in re-and under the age of ten years, and of two shillings for the wife cited aft. of such man, wtiether he shall or shall not have any child or children, provided (he does not follow the regiment; which

L 2  allowances

>43

Weekly a1-low nice nr.t to exceed the film htma« mcutioned.

Qnsrter (Vf-

Anno regnt quadragefimo quarto G eoHoii IIT. c. 34. \ f 804.

allowances (haH* be in lieu of the allowances in the said recited a& mentioned, and shall be paid in the manner, and subject to the conditions, rules, and regulations in the said recited ad mentioned and contained, with respect to the allowances in the said recited a & mentioned.

II. Provided always, and be it enaded, That the wife of any militia-man, fo ordered on adhial fervice, shall not be entitled to the aforesaid weekly allowance of one (hilling for each child, for mere than two children; and in cafe there shall be no wife of stich militia-man living, the weekly allowance to the children of filch militia, man shall not exceed the film of four shillings in the whole.

_  III,  And  be  it further enafled, That it shall be lawful for the

font m,y or- juftjccs at any quarter sessions of the peace in Ireland, where it tifbe rnTde**8  appear to them, by examination in open court upon oath,

the father htu!  the father or mother of any such militia-man fo having

mother,&c. of been chosen by lor, and fo enrolled and serving at or before the mditja-nuti, 1jmc hcrein-betore mentioned, or any fiftcr or brother of such prar^tlfey^"  under  ten years, have been entirely or chiefly

nave been hip- fuppurted by his induftry, and were part of his family, refuient ported by hu . wiih him at the time of his b.'ing fo chosen by lot, to order a mduftiy. weekly allowance to such man's family after the rate of one fhdJing for each such brother or fitter, and of two shillings for such father and two shillings for such mother, to be paid in like manner, and subject to the like conditions, rules, and regulations, as the allowances to the wife and children of such miliiia-tmn are by die said recited a& directed to be paid; exclusive of any allowance which may have been ordered by virtue of this ad, for h s wife or children, if he shall have any.

IV.  And be it further enadled. That if the treasurer of any county, county of a town or city, shall have advanced any money to the families of militia-men, conformable to the provisions of any of the acts, or parts of a<5ts repealed by the said recited ad; any treasurer and shall produce to the collector of his Majesty's excise for the the county difiriift in which the (hire town of such county, or such town or Hei ^mVhtVa whereof he is treasurer shall be (ituate, an account of the fdine verified by his own oath together with a certificate from the colonel or other commanding-officer of the regiment or battalion to which such militia-man shall have belonged or may belong, setting forth that he has examined the said account, and believes it to be true, every such collector (hall, within three months after the patting of this a&, repay the amount fofworn to and certified to such treafurer, out of any publick money in his hands; and the sums fo paid by such collector shall be allowed to him in his accounts,, on his producing such receipt and certificate; and if any such collector of excise shall wilfully neglect cr refuse to pay the fame, and shall be thereof convicted by pre-fentmen* or indidlment at the aflizes, or if in the county or city of Dublin in the court of King's-bench, he shall be fined at the dhcrction of xhe court, any sum not exceeding fifty pounds.

V.  And

CoNeAor of excise for the district to r?-pny money advanced by ,

men. on pro du&iofl of a certificate, 6c.

tfof] Annoregni quadragefimoqnarto Ghorgii III.c. 35,36-149

V. And be it further rna&ed, That all the c]aufcs, provifocs, Regulations of conditions, and regulations in the said recited aft mentioned and contained, (hall, fo far as the fame are confident with and applr- extend* cable to die provisions in this aft contained, be applied in theed to tbit ad. execution of this acl as fully and effefltrally as if the fame were re-enacted and repeated in this ad: provided always, that no- Arrmr* of thing in the said recited aGt contained shall be construed to allowances ac-preiwt the wife or family of any militia-mfan from claiming truing bef re and receiving any arrears, which may or might or would have £|be recover* rented and become due and payable according to the provisions ei^ of this ad, at any time previous to the first day of Moy one thousand eight hundred and fobr.

V*. And be it further cnafted, That this ad may be altered, Ad may Ke varied, or repealed, by any ad or ads to be made in this present »h«red or re* session of parliament.  ITffiJm ***

CAP. XXXV.

As aft to amend and continue several law* relating to the allowing the importation of rape-feed and other feeds used for extrading oil, whenever the prices Of middling Brltilh rape-feed fh.iil be above a certain limit; to the allowing the importation of feal-fkins cured with foreign fclt. free of duty, to the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand eight .hundred and nine, and the encouragement of the Greenland whale fifturics, to the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand ei^ht hundred and fix; and to continue feverd laws re kiting to the allowing the use of fait, duty firee^ in the preserving of fish in bulk or in barrels; and to the difcootinuing the bounty payable on white herrings exported, to the twenty-fifth day of M^rch one thousand right hundred and nine; to the permitting Ur William Bifhop, George Biihcp, and Arglea Biihop, to carry on the manufacture of Maidftone Geneva, to the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and nine; and to the admifiion to entry of oil and blubber of Newfoun '-Und, taken by his Majesty's subjects carrying on the filhcry from and rdiding in the said ifiand, to the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred and five.—.[May 3, 1804.]

Aft 55 Geo. 3. c. 117. allowing the importation of ripe.feed, fxtfccr continued to June 14* 1809 but net to affect the dutits granted ty^Geo. 3! c. 6$. A& 31 Geo. 3. c. *6. allowing the importation of tal-fkins lurthcr continued to June 14, 1809. but not to aifeft the duties granted by 43 Geo. 3. c 68. and c. 70. Aft 36 Geo. 3. c.41. for the fapport of the Urecnland fifheries; and fo much of 19 Geo. 3. c. 33. as relates to those fiftieries, further continued to December 15, 1806. except fo much as relates to allowing vessels to complete the number 6f men at certain ports. So much of 41 Geo. 3. c.*u as relates to the -allowing the life of felt duty free, fhull be further continued to March *59 1809 Aft 39 Geo. 3. c. 103 respecting the carrying on the manufifture ofMai.iftone Geneva, further continued to July 5, 1809. So much of 43 Geo. y c. 68. as relates to the admifiion to entry of fiih-oil, &c« fur-* ther continued toDecember *5, 1805.

CAP. XXXVI,

An act to amend and continue* until the twenty.fifth day of March one thouOnd eight hundred and fe*cn, fo much of an aft. made in the forty-firft year of his present Majesty* as relates to allowing British plantation sugar to be warehoused —[May 3* 1804.]

h much of 41 Geo 3. c, 44. as relates to allowing Britifb plantation fagar to be wareboufed further continued to March 15, 1807. Not to ilieft 43 Ggo. 3. c.

*5° Anno regniquadragefimoquajrto Georgii IIJ. C.37. [1804,

CAP. XXXVII,

aft to repeal Jo much of an aft, passed in-the lajl fiffion of parliament, for granting to bis Majesty a contribution on profits arifa from property, prqfeffions, trades, and offices^ as requires attornus, agents, and faftors, to retain and pay the duties chargeable upm publick annuities; and to extend the times fir hearing appeals on assessments or fur charges made in pursuance qf the said act.—[May '  3>  j8o4*]

WHEREAS it is expedient that fo much of an aft% made in tbi lajl session of parliament, intituled, An act for granting tc * * — bis Majesty, until the iixih day of May next after the ratification pf a definitive treaty of peace, a contribution on the profits arising from property, profeffions, trades, and offices, as requires attornies, agents, or faftors, who have received or who fball receive any publick annuities, or any share or dividend thereof at the bank oj England, South-Sea houfe, Eaft-India houfe, or exchequer, be*, longing to any other persons resident in Great Britain, tq retain in their hands and pay the duty chargeable thereof or to deliver any lifts, declarations, or Jlatements, in relation thereto, and as impofti any penalty for negltfting fo to do, fhottld be repealed; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in thisprefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That fo much and such parts of the said recited ad recfcdaft as as re<lu'rc ^at any attorney, agent, or faflor, who shall receive requires any any publick annuities, or any marcs or dividends thereof, either attorney. See. at the bank of England, South-Sea houfe, Eaft-fndia houfe, or Thriving exchequer, belonging to any other person or perfons, shall retain nuities. &c.  m  hands, and pay the duty chargeable thereon, or (hall

for penont"  deliver any lift, declaration, or ftatemenr, in relation thereto,

refident in and as imposes any penalties upon such attorney, agent, or Great Britain, fa&or, for neglecting to return and pay such duty, or omitting mythe'duty to deliver any such lift, declaration, or Ihtement, (hall, in fo far chargeable * as the fame relate to annuities, (hares, and dividends, belonging thereon, Scc. to persons resident in Great Britain, be, and the fame are hereby (hallbe re- repealed; and all proceedings which shall or may be had for the , recovery of any such penalties shall be null and void: provided forn^verv a*ways> that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be con-of pcxudiics  ftruc^ to extend, to repeal the said recited a&t fo far as the fame

void.  relates to any such annuities, (hares, or dividends, received by

Repeal not to any such attorney, agent, or fador, belonging to any perfonf extend to at* being subjects pf his Majesty, and not resident In Great Britain, torniesreceiv-or f0 any lifts declarations; or flatements thereby required to bc delivered^ or to .any penalties by the said act imposed in tounot refi- relation thereto.

Ant in Great II. And vibtreas tht ajfejfmenu to be made by virtiu tf tit ^ntajn. recited aft are not yet completed, and the times appointed Ur examining and furebarging the fame, and for bearing appeals ikertfrm,

m

ift^]AniH>cqgmqo»dragrfimo<juartoGBOKonIII. c.38—>42. 151

et dspftd\ sad it a expedient to give further time for tbofe purpose*>

be it therefore ena&cd. That it wall be lawful for the cpmmimoo* Commiffiofi*

-  ,  though the

tana limited by the (aid a<ft for hearing fuel) appeals have elaplcd* time limited mi the (aid commissioners are hereby required from time to time ****** * appoint Rich day or days, fo long as any Iucb a (fe Ament or fur- ^ha¥* chaige (bail be depending \ and all appeals from such affeffments*

Wail furcharges thereupon which shall be made prior to the day or days (b appointed for hearing appeals, and the proceedings oF the commifiioners thereupon, shall be as valid and effectual as if the fame had been made within the time or times limited by the (aid aft.

III.  And be it further cnaQcd, That this a£t may be altered. Ad may be varied or repealed, by any act or ads to be passed in this session altered or'ft* of parliament.  ISfe*.1* *

CAP. XXXVIII.

Aa aft for increasing the rates of fuMiftence to be paid tc innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.—[May j, ibt ]

CAP. XXXIX.

As ad for defraying the charge of the pay and clothing of the militia in Great Britain for the year one thouJand right hundred and four,-* [May 3/1*04.]

CAP. XL.

An act to revive and further continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thonfand right hundred and five, and amend lo much of an afi, made In the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of bit present Majesty, ss pants certain allowances to adjutants and feijeants- majors of the militia of England, di(embodied under an aft of the lame feffioa of par* lament—[May 3> 1804.]

CAP. XLI.

As aft for defraying, until the tWenty-fifih day of March one thonfand eight hundred and five, the charge of the pay and cloathing of the mi* htia of Ireland | for holding courts-martial on ferjeant*majors, ferjeants, corporals, and drummers, for offences committed during the time fucb militia shall not be embodied! and for making allowances In certain cafes to fahaltcrn officers of the (aid militia during peace.—[May 3, )So4*I

CAP. XLII.

M oEtn mend on a Si, madt in the forty fecundbis prelent Mtjefy,  it amendtie  Urns far the better regulation the mum

mcotefaSure in Ireland.—>[May 3,1804.]

UIHGREAS it it expedient it amend and taprovide fer the due V V eaeeutien tf an  aBy made in the forty-fectnd year  the reign

•f bit present  M*}*fty-t intituhd, An act to amend the Jaw, for th«

bettor

15* Annoregni quadragcfimo quarto GeosgiiIILc. 42. [1804

4« Geo. 3. better regulation of the linen manufacture in Ireland: andwhereas // is in and by the Paid all, among other things, enabled, that all flex feed and hemp feed which shall be imported into Ireland* /hall he detained in bis Majesty's/lores at the place of import, or in fueb other Jlores as /hall be provided for that purpose, as in the /aid aft is men• tioned, there to remain until it /hall he examined and inspected by an officer, appointed in manner' as in the /aid aft is mentioned; be it therefore enabled by the King's most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the Importer to authority of the fame, That, from and after the pacing of this whenever any flax feed or hemp feed fcall'be imported bwdSefced *nto*  the  importer thereof, or his agent, shall within

°  '  twenty«four  hours  after  the  landing  of the fame at the port

of importation, give notice in writing to the officer appointed at the said port under the said recited adt, .for the inspection of flax feed or hemp feed imported there, of the landing of such feed, and of the place where such feed shall be landed, or shall remain or be deposited ; and all such flax feed or hemp feed shall remain in the place which shall jbe mentioned in such notice, until the fame shall be examined and inspected by such officer in Penalty for manner directed by the said recited adt; and if any such importer, negleft.  or ys agent, shall neglect to give such notice, or shall give any

falfe or untrue notice, or shall remove such flax feed or hemp jfecd from the place mentioned in such notice, or from the place where such flax feed or hemp feed shall have been actually landed, t  or  (hall have been stored pursuant to the said reefted a<5t, before

fuch flax feed or hemp feediliall be duly examined and infpedled in manner required by the said recited a<51, then and in either of v  ifuch  cafes, every such importer, or his agent, shall for every fucli

offence forfeit all such flax feed or hemp feed, together with the cafks, or packages containing the fame, or the price thereof, if fold, and alio the sum of ten pounds ten shillings Iri/b currency for every hogfhead, cafk, or other package thereof, and fo in proportion for any less quantity thgn an frogihead to any person who P14II sue for the fame.

II. And whereas it is in and by the said retited aft provided, that such brands or marks as /hall be put on any ca/k or package pur/uqnt \ to the /aid aft,/ball be offorce only till the flrjl day of July in each year wherein the fame shall have been made, fo as to allow the fed therein contained to be fold or exposed to fale\ and that for the putpt fe of the re-examination of such feed, and of again marking or branding such casks or packages, the importers of flax feed or hemp feed, and also per Cons felling or dealing in flax feed or hemp feed, or who /hall mean to fit or dial therein, /hall give notice in writing to the nearejl infpeftK of the quantity offeed in the pojft/Jion offuch perfom in manner and at the times in theJaid aft particularly mentioned and direfted: be it there-Notice to be fore further enaded. That if any importer of flax feed or hemp fpeftors cf ^ecc*> in/pwfon felling or dealing in flax feed or hemp feed, of Iced in poflef- w^° shall mean to fell or deal therein, shall omit or neglelt to ~~ •  give  such notice as by the said alt is required to be given by him

t  for

1804.J Anaoregni quadragefimo quarto Oeorgii III. c. 4a.  153

(or the purports aforesaid, at the times and in manner as in and

bthefeid recited a& 11 mentioned and dire<5ted, every such im- Penalty for

pm or other person (ha'll forfeit all such flax feed or hemp feed, ncgle£U

ei finch such notice shall not have been given as aforesaid, to~

gemer with the casks or packages containing the fame, or the

pice thereof, if fold, and also the sum of ten pounds ten (hillings

IrA coTcncy, for every hogfhead, calk, or other package thereof,

uifbii proportion for any less quantity than a hogfhead, to any

perfa who shall sue for the fame.

IIL A ltd be it further enacted, That when and fo soon as any Perfooi felling faerin or feller of flax feed or hemp feed, shall have emptied feed shall take uy hogfhead, cafk, or other package,. branded or marked with kL'*ord SffunJ, in pursuance of the directions in the (aid recited mp *  ***

^contained, and shall have fold thereout all the feed contained in the lame at the time such cask or package was fo branded or virked, every such dealer in or feller of (lax feed or hemp feed M forthwith completely obliterate, erafe, expunge, or destroy Bsfaid brand or mark, and take off and remove the fame from such hogfhead, cask or package; and if any such dealer in or Penalty. \ fercref flax feed or hemp feed shall omit or negied fo to do, it (lull and may be lawful for any infpedtar of flax feed or hemp feed to fcize every such hogfhead, cafk, or package; found in the poiTefton of such dealer in or feller of flax or hemp feed; and every such dealer or feller shall for every such offence forfeit and loie a fum.not more thin forty-(hillings nor less than ten shillings for every such empty hogfhead, cafk, or other package fojnd io his poflefiion, from which the laid brand or mark shall not have been fo obliterated, erafed, expunged, deftroyed, or taken wt or removed, to any person whotball fuc for the fame.

IV.  And be it further enabled. That all flax feed and hemp Seed shall bo fed (halt be imported into Ireland in hogfheads, cafks, or other imported in packages, and that all flax feed or hemp feed imported shall behog(hc4ds,&c in pecked or examined, and the hogfheads, cafks, or packages in phich the fame are-contained shall be branded or marked, and v that all flax feed or hemp feed unfit for sowing may be exported in manner directed by the said recited a<5h provided always, that Damaged feed in cafe the importer or owner of any flax feed or hemp feed fo im- may he deli-ported, and which shall be seized or detained under or by virtue v^r^,l^rjmo W the said recited a<St for being bad, mixed, or damnified, or unfit *nfi imo fe lowing, shall give notice in writing to the officers seizing or detaining the fame, that he intends to crush the fame into oil, or to fell the feme for being crulhed inro oil, and shall by himfelf, in cafe he shall be a manufacturer of linseed oil, or together with hchmanufadiireroflinfeed oil to whom he shall agree to fell the feme, for that purpose to enter into fecurity, within the time and in manner required by the said recited a6t, that all such feed shall bea&uallycrufhed into oil, the hogfheads, cafks, or packages, in which any such feed shall be contained, shall by the said officer be Winded with the word Unfit; and ail such feed shall and may be forthwith delivered, ootwijhftanding such seizure or detainer, to the importer ot perfect .thereof, or to such manufacturer of jinfeed

154 Anno regni quadrageftmo quarto Gsoaen III. c. 42, [1804.

Infpe&or may enter pre-mites to examine feed, and may seize It iftoond eontraiy to law.

Penalty cm

conceding Iced, or refuting admif-fion to jn-Ipc&on.

oil, on his producing to the ptoper officer of the revenue a certificate from the person or persons who shall have taken fuck fc-curity, that the feme has been duly given as required by law, and it Ihall not be necessary to keep or detain such feed in bis Mi-jefty's (lores until the nrft day of July then following; anything in the faid^recited adl to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.  And be it further enacted, That,from and after the patnj of thiradl, it shall and may be lawful for theinfpeQor'^encnlof flax feed and hemp feed in Ireland, duly appointed under and by virtue of the said recited ad, and for any inlpedor of flax feed or hemp feed at any port or place in Ireland^ duly appointed is manner xforefaid, within the port or diftridfc for which be shall be appointed infpedor, at any time of the day between sunrise and funfer, to enter into all (lores, warehouses* mills, rooms, buildings, out-houfes, or other places of or belonging to soy person or persons dealing in flax feed or hemp feed, or bavin* flax feed or hemp feed in his or their, custody or pofleffion, or of or belonging to any person or persons keep a mill or milk 6r crushing flax feed or hemp feed into oil, and to view, fearch, and examine the quantity and quality of all such iced which shall be found in any such (lore, warehoufe, mill, room* building, oci* houfe, or other place, and to feiue and take away ail such Bn feed or hemp feed as shall be there found, kept* or concealed, contrary to law, or as shall or may be liable to forfeiture under and by virtue of the said recited a<5l or this a&, together withtU hogflicads, calks, or packages in which fetch feed dull be contained*

VI.  And be it further enabled, That if any feller of or deief in flax feed or hemp feed, or any person or persons keeping a null or mills for crushing flax feed or hemp feed into oil, or any ocher person or persons whosoever having any flax feed or hemp led in his, her, or their custody or pofleffion, shall refute or ntgled to produce or (hew all such flax Iced or hemp feed, together with the hogflicads, cafks, or packages in which the fame ere contained, and alio ail empty hoglheads, calks, or packages in the cuftoet or possession of such feller, dealer, or other perfon,to such infpedor-general, or to any other infpeclor of flax feed or hemp feed with the port or diftrilt for which he shall be appointed infpedor, upos demand made by such infptdor-general or infpedor refpedivciv, or shall refofe to permit such infpedtor-general or iqfpc&or refpec-ively to enter into and feach, at any hour between sunrise and fuc fet, all (lores, warehoufes, mills, rooms, buildings, out-houfes, or other places where any fitch flax feed or bemp feed shall bc,on» which such infpeclor shall suspect any such flax feed or bemp feed w be or to be concealed, every (uch person shall for the iirft offence forfeit a Aim not exceeding forty (hillings, nor less than ten ftflJ lings, and for the second and every other offence a sum not exceeding five pounds, nor left than forty (hillings, fur each and emu hogfhead, cade, or other package of flax feed or hemp feed in the caul tody or possession of such perfon, upon contfi&on before any jufticd of the peace, the feme to be levied by dtitacfc and fete of the offender's

I fader's goods) and in cafe no sufficient distress can be found,

I fan ic (ball and may be lawful for fucti justice to commit such ft lender to the house of correction or neat gaol, for any time not

■  petering one calendar month in (he whole, or until such fine

I  T ...

V VII. Provided always, and be it enadted, That on every such | nW or on application made by such infpedtor- general or other Warrants.

{ heritor within the port or district for which he shall be appointed,

■  way justice of the peace, fating forth on oath, a reasonable mtuk of fufpicion, or for such nis application, it shall be lawful for Rsth justice of the peace to grant his fearcb-warrant to such in* ■pcdor-general or infpedtor refpedtivcly, in the presence of a con-Rhble, or other person to be appointed by such magiftrate, to en-Rr into all such ftores, warehoufes, mills, rooms, buildings, out*

Roufes, or other places, and there to search for and feixe all flax Red or bemp feed which shall or may be kept or concealed in such Bores, warehoufes, mills, rooms, buildings, out-houfes, or other Race*,contrary to law, which shall or maybe liable to forfeiture Ruder and by virtue of any of the provisions in the said recited ■ct or this adt contained*

ft VIII. And be it further enacted, That all flag feed or hemp Seizures to be Red which shall or may be seized by any such infpedtor-eeneral lor infpedtor refpedtivcly, under or by virtue of this adt, mail be ];rncn ^anilP forfeited to the trustees of the linen and hempen manufactures fadhuei. fiof Ireland, and the produce thereof shall be applied by them in ^rewarding such infpedtor, or for otherwise promoting the linen manufa&ures, as they shall think proper.

IX.  And be it further enacted, That all penalties and forfei- Recovery of tores tmpofed by this ad, shall and may be sued for and recovered

in such manner as any other penalties respecting the linen and hempen manufactures may be sued for and recovered.

X.  And be it further eoa&ed. That all the powers and provi- Extending lions in the (aid recited ad of the forty«fecond year of the reign po^5^ot of bis prefent: Majesty mentioned and contained, shall be applied **75 *10 this in execution of this adt, sofar as the fame are confident with and aft. applicable thereto, as if such powers and provisions had been repaired and repeated in this adt.

XI.  And be it further enacted, That this adt may be amended,.A£t may be,

altered, or repealed, by any adt to be palled in this present session ot *** of parliament.  ™  ,

. j

CAP. XLIII.

Jn aft  to  enforce  the-Jutobfervance of the canons and  rt-

Jptffing the ages ofptrfons to be admitted into the J acred orders of deacon and pritjl.-*-[Ma jr 3, 1804.]

WHEREAS by the canons of the churches heretofore ^/England and Ireland, now the Untied Church of England and Ireland, it is ordaittedy ordered,,and direffed, that no bishop shall admit any Mon into  tbt fdered order of a deaeon who is not twenty‘three years old;

'  nor

156 Anno rrgni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 43. [1804.

nor to be a priejl except he be twenty-four yean compleot: and where :s by the prefaces to the forms of ordination of priejls and deacons, blijhed and ufd by authority offeveral afls of the parliaments ofh'z-land and Ireland refpeflhely% it is directed that none /hall be admiral deacon except he be twenty'‘three years of age, unhfs he have 0 feadtt^ and that every man which is to be admitted a priest /hall be fall /wtfr* four years old: and whereas, in that part of the united kingdom Ireland, the aforejaid rule refpefling the ages of persons defs ing is be admitted into holy orders has been foretimes disregarded and rendered of no effefl) to the great Jcandal and detriment of the churchy end to the prejudice of religion: for the better prevention whereoffor the future and afo in order float one certain ana undoubted rule ana course of pros* tice may hereafter prevail and be observed in this refpefl in England tnl Ireland, be it enacted by the King's mod excellent majefty, by znd with the advice and consent of the lordsfpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflfrmbled, and by the Deacons not authority of the fame. That, from and after the parting of thn to be admitted no person (ball be admitted a deacon before he (bail ban SSbCattaincd a^e t*lrec an^ twcmy y®3*'5 compleat, and that no a*-*  ^  °1C  Pcr^on  admitted a priest before be shall have atttained the

age of four and twenty ycarrs complcat: and in cafe any perm (hall, from and after the palfmg of this aft, be admitted a dcscon before he shall have attained the age of three and twenty y?:n compleat, or be admitted a priest before he shall have attained the age of four and twenty years compieat, that then and in even such cafe the admi/Bon of every such person as deacon or priest refpeftively, shall be merely void in law as if such admission had not been made, and the person fo admitted lhall be wholly incapable of having, holding, or enjoying, or being admitted to any parfonage, vicaiage, benefice, or other ecclesiastical promotion or dignity what foe ver, in virtue of such his admission as deacon or'prieft refpeftively, or of any qualification derived or fuppefal to be derived therefrom: provided always, that no title to confer .  or  present  by Ripfc shall accrue by any avoidance or deprivation

ipfo faflo, by virtue of this ftatute, but after fix months notice ot such avoidance or deprivation given by the ordinary to the patron*

Kot to affeft*- 11. And he it further cnafted, That nothing hdrein contain^ the right of shall extend, or be construed to extend, to take away any right granting fa- 0f granting faculties heretofore lawfully exercifqd, and which culuc* now be lawfully exercised by the archbiinop of Canterbury or the archbishop of Armagh;

CAP- XLIV.

An act to exempt vtfTcls tn the Newfoundland trade from the prorfori ot an aft, paflcd in the last leflion of parliament, for regulating uflc.s f carrying palftngerg from the United Kingdom.—[May 3, 1804 ]

Aft 41 Geo. 3. c. ^.not to applj to vcfiels carrying pnflenger* toqrftva tbc*hdicry at Mtwfouxk.hnd«

L

CAP.

1804.J Annoregniquadnigifim0quarto"G eo&gii III. c.45—47* *57 CAP. XLV.

is icl for riifing thc sum of tight millions by loam or exchequer bills, for the fervici. of Oreat Britain, for the year one thoufaifci eight huai died ind four.—[May 3,1 So#.]  4

CratiSoacTi of the treasury may raise S,000,000/. by loan* and cached

qier biBi in like manner as is preferibed by the malt ail, c. id. Tte Cswfatc. in the said ail relating to loans or exchequer bills exrended to thlsaft. Exchequer bills to bear an interest no* exceeding 3^ iq. per «tf.pcrdiem. Exchequer bills fo issued not to be received again in pay-ffrafof my taxes; nor exchanged before April 5, 1*05. Principal and tanl with charges to be repaid out ot the firit supplies to be granted id -\\c wat ft (Hon. B*uk of England authored to advance 1,000,000/. on ik credit of this a£t.

CAP, XLVI,

An *3 for railing the sum of oiie million five hundred thousand pounds^ pounds. by loan* or exchequer bills, for the service of Great Britain, tor the year one thouGuid eight hundred and four.—[ M ty 3, 1804. ]

C^rmiflioners of the treasury may raise 1,500,000/ by loans and cxche-®«cr\AU in like manner as is prelcribed by the malt adt of this fetiion, c rfc Tbcclaufrs, &c. in‘the Uid adl relating to loans or exchequer bill* extruded to tbs* adl. Exchequer bills to bear an interest not exceeding 5J.1q. percent, per diem. Exchequer bills fo iilued not to be received agxin inpayment of any taxes,nor exchanged before April 5, 1*05. Princ> p«l xikl imereft with charges to be repaid out of the fuppJiesto be granted in the nest frfiion. Bank of England anthorifed to advance the whole ism on the credit of this aft.

CAP. XLVII.

in afl for ratfin* the sum of fourteen millions five hundred theufani pounds by way of annuitus.~~[May 16, 1804.]

Moft ^.acious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's. most dutiful and loyal fubjeSs the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and JrtlirJin parliament aflfcmhlcd, being desirous tf raise the ne-ceiury supplies which we have cheerfully granted to your Ma-jeftyin this session of pailiatnenr, have resolved that the sum oftourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds be raised by annuities, in manner hereinafter mentioned ; and do therefore molt humbly bcfccch your Majesty that it may be ena£led; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majefty, by and with the advice-and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That every contributor towards railing Every contii. the said Turn of fourteen millions hve hundred thousand pounds butor of foot llnJI, for every one hundred pounds contributed and paid, ^>c^aormcrip^l entitled to the principal sum of one hundred pounds, in reduced Qf 1%0jt ifl the annuities, after me rate of three pounds per centum per annum, 3 per cent, to commence from the fifth day of April one thousand eight "duced, and huadied and four; and also to a further principal sum of"*^nc^ fi2hty-two pounds in consolidated annuities, after the rate of QQafola. ' three pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the fifth day of January one thousand eight hundred and four.

II. And

I jS Anno wigrti quadragefimo quarto Gsoidtiill. c. 47. [1804

II.  And whereas^ pursuant to and upon the termt and mduuni exprejfid in the said refolutionr, several perfins have, irt booh cprvci at the hank of England for that purposey fubferibed togdher tin whole of the said sum of fourteen miUtOht five hundred thou fond pounds, to he raised by annuities; and made depofitt of ten foods per centum on the rejpeftive sums fo them fo futferihei to dafoi film offourteen millions five hundred thousandpounds to be rdjmtj j annuities, with the cajbters of the governor and company tf the M Contributors England; be it therefore ena&ed, That it (nail and ms?be wko have lawful to and for such contributors, who have made stich dc-fitTto w^he P°^lts  the cashier or cafhiers of the governor and company i

remainder of of the bank of England\ (which calhier or cafliiers is and are fubferiptions hereby appointed the receiver and receivers of such contri-by wftal-  butions, without any other warrant to be had in that beha'f), i

****** to advance and pay unto the said calbier or cafhiers of the go* vernor and company of the bank of England\ the several re- i maunders of the Aims by them respectively fubferibed toward! the said sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds at or before the refpeflive days and times, and in the proportions herein-after limited and appointed in that behalf; (thatis to fav}, the further sum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the fifteenth day of June one thousand eight hundred and four; the further sum or ten pounds per centum, on or bdforethe twentieth day of July then next following; the further sum tf i fifteen pounds per centum, on or before the seventeenth day of > Auguft then next following; the further sum of ten pounds \ per centum^ on or before the twentieth day of September that r , next following; the further sum of fifteen pounds per ctni\ms V on or before the nineteenth day of October then next following; : the further sum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the < twenty-third day of November then next following; the further sum of ten pounds per centum on or before the twentieth day i of December then next following; and the remaining sum often pounds per centum, on or before the fixtecnth day of January one thousand eight hundred and five.

Guardians HI. And be it further cna&ed. That it shall and may be mayfubfcribtf lawful for any guardian or truftee, having the difpofttion of for infants. tfte rooncy 0f any infant9 to contribute and pay for or towards advancing the said sum of fourteen millions nve hundred thou* sand pounds, to be raised by annuities in manner aforefaid; and such infant, upon the payment of such sum or sums fubferibed by such guardian or truftee, shall become a contributor within the meaning of this adt, and be entitled to have and receive the annuities, advantages, and payments, in respect thereof, in such and the like manner as any other contributor; and the said guardian and truftee, as to the said sum or sums fo advanced is hereby difeharged, fo as the name of such infant be exprefed in the receipt or receipts for such money, alfwcdoi?^ IV* And be it further enadlcd. That every contributor payment of paying the whole of the sums by them refpedHvely fub-ike whole bribed in respect of the bid sum of fourteen millions five hundred

1804.J Ansoprgni quadntgduao quarto Georqu III. c. 47.

«tsd tiMafand (Winiti to be contributed a« aforesaid, at any fubfcriptioo taoc 00 or Mwt the nineteenth day of Dtctmbtr one thousand jg0Dec-1,1 tybt hundred and four* (ball be entitled to an allowance of fo 1 °4* aneh money at the interest of each sum fo paid in advaoce for caejleeog his* her* op their contribution refpeflively (ball aanaffnato* after the rate of five pounds /wr centum ptr annum fnptfedayof completing the fame* to the fifteenth day of jhmayone thousand eight and (ire, which allowance is to be said cafliier or cafhiers out of the money to be cost* tAmi in ptirfeance of this a£t, at (bon as such respective cmuikuton, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflbrs, and digits, stall have completed such. payment.

v. And be it further cna&ed, That the several fubferibers or <^or?ir^t<3111 confcribaters, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflbrs, and a£ signs, in respect of the said sum of fourteen millions five hun- miitiea pay deed tkouland pounds, shall be entitled for every one hundred **de half, pounds by him, her, or them refpedfively advanced and paid lo yca,'vj J”*. so annaity after the rate of three pounds per centum in respect of J\^bfCripuJn« she principal sum of one hundred pounds to commence from arccompleteA the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and four, until redemption by parliament in manner herein-after men-tiooed; and shall also be entitled to a further annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum, in rcfpe& of the additional principal sum of eighty~two pounds from the fifth day of January one thousand eight hundred and four, until redemption by parliament in manner herein-after mentioned ; which said rcfpe&ive annuities shall be payable and paid half-yearly, by even and equal portions; (that is to (ay), the said reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, on the tenth diyof OQtber and the fifth day of April in evefy year ; aud the hid consolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, on the fifth day of July and the fifth day of 'January in every year; the fir ft payment upon the said reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, to be due on the tenth day of October one thousand eight hundred and four; and on the (aid consolidated annuities, after the rate of three poundsper centum, on the fifth day of Jufy one thousand eight hundred and four; but (ball not be payable until the respective fubferibers or contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflbrs, or af-figns, dull have completed the whole of the sums by them fibferibed for the pur chafe of the said annuities.

VI.  And be it further ena&cd, That os foots as any con- As soon at tributora,. their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflbrs, or afljgos, ^cwnoleted shall have completed their payments of such part of the whole they may be sum payable by them rcfpe<Sivdy towards the (aid sum of four- transferred* t<e«i millions five hundred thousand pounds, as'(hall be payable iorrfpe&of the Confolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, to which they xefpe&ively shall become tntitied, in re/ped of such fubferiptions, the principal sum or * sums in the (aid reduced annuities shall forthwith be, in the books of the bank of England, placed to the credit of such re-

4  fpe&ive

160 Anno rcgnr quadragefimo quarto GEORGii Til. c. 47. [1804.

fpedHve contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, facccflar?, and affigns, Completing such payments rfcfpedivcly; and 2$ soon as stich contributors, their executors, adminiftrsters, Cuc-Ceflors, or affigns, shall have completed the payments of fich part of the whole sum payable by them rcfpe&ively (wards the laid futri of fourteen millions five hundred thousand poands, as shall be payable in respect of the said consolidated annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum, or any part thereof, or of either of them, the respective principal sums or annuities shall * forthwith be, in the books of the bank of Engkhd, placed to the credit of such refpedttve contributors, their executors adminiftrators, fucceflors, and affigns, completing such pa;* ments; and the persons to whose credit fbch principal futr.s shall be fo placed, their respective executors, adm'miftrato'S fucceflors, and affigns, shall and may have power to assign and transfer the fame, or any part, (hare, or proportion thertu, to any other person or perfons, body or bodies politick or corporate whatfoever, in the bocks of the bank of England; and the said governor and company of the bank of England 2 i\ hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be after (be paffingof this a&9 to prepare proper books for the purposeot entering the names of all such contributors, and of placing m their credit the principal Turns fo paid by them refpcdively; snJ that such of the said contributors, their executors, adminfe tors, fucceflors, or affigns, who shall complete the payment* <  of  such  parts of the whole sum payable by them refpcciivtJr,

towards the said sum of fourteen millions'five hundred thousand

Contributors paying the whole of tkeir/ub-icriptiops by the times herein fpcci-

pounds, as (ball he payable in respect of any or either of tk said respective annuities, at any time before the governor and company of the bank of England shall have prepared their receipts according to the directions of this a<5t, shall be entitled to have the sums fo paid forthwith placed to their credit intis books of the bank of England-> and the fcid governor aand com pany are hereby required to cause such Turns to be forthwith placed to the credit of the persons entitled to the annuities in respect thereof, in the books of the said bank of England; 2nd such entries in the said books shall be in lieu of the receipts hereby directed to be given for all sums paid in manner afore* laid j and such sums (ball carry the respective reduced annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per amiumy and the said consolidated annuities after the rate of three pounds f* centum per annum, refpe&ively, redeemable by parliament; and shall refpc&ively be taken and deemed to be flock transferable according to the true intent and meaning of this adt, until redemption thereof, in such manner as is hereinafter mentioned.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enadled, That at and every such contributor or contributors, his, her, or ttar executors, adminiflrators, fucceflors, and afligns, who (ball bee paid into the hands of the said calhier or cafhiers the whole of his, her, or their contribution money, on or before the second day of July one thousand eight hundred and four, shall be

entitled

i8ofcl Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 47.  161

entitled to have and receive on the fifth day of July one thousand fi.ed»t0 be en~ eight hundred and four, at the bank of England, the half year's nuitice^fccr-. innuky after the rate of three pounds per centum, that shall be- Uin periods. * cone doe on the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and four 3 and that all and every such contributor or contri-taors, hit, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fycce/Tors, aod affigns, who shall have paid into the hands of the said utter or cafhicrs the whole of his, her, or their contribution mryon*er before the' seventh day of O&ober one thousand eght hundred and four, shall be entitled to have and receive on the tenth day of Ofteber one thousand eight hundred and four, at the bank of England^ the .half year's annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum% that shall become due on the tenth day of Qftober one thousand eight 'hundred and four 3 and that all and every person or persons who shall not have completed the whole of their said payments, * on or before the said second day of July one thousand eight hundred and four, or the fod seventh day of Oflober one thousand eight huodred and four,

(hail, on completing the fame within the time in this aft pre-fcribed, be entitled to receive the year's annuity, from the fifth day of January one thousand eight hundred and four, and the fifth day of April one thousand eight huodred and four refpec-tively, as the fame shall become dtie, according to the true intent and meaning of this a ft.

VIIL Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Duty granted duty granted by an aft of the last session of parliament, in- by 45 Ge° 3-tifuled, An all far granting to bis Majtjlyy until the sixth day of^t charged ° May next afttr the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, a on the half isntribution on the profits arising from property, profefftons, trades, year'* dies*/ offices, shall not be charged upon the half year's dividend yidend? here-arlfing on the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and £C^CCI * four, of fo much of the three pounds per centum consolidated annuities, granted by this aft, as shall not have been written into the books of the bank of England on or before the eighteenth day of May one thousand eight hundred and four, being the day appointed by the governor and company of the bank of England. for closing the accounts of the said three pounds per centum consolidated annuities, previous to the payment of the half yearly dividend thereupon that will become due on the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and four; nor upon the half year's dividend payable on the tenth day ot Qa&er one thousand eight hundred and four, of fo much of the three pounds per centum reduced annuities, created by this aft, as shall not have been written into the books of the bank of England on or before such day as shall be appointed by the governor and company of the bank of England for closing the accounts of the said three pounds per centum reduced annuities, previous to the 'payment of the half yearly dividend thereupon, that will becothe due on the tenth day ot Oflober one thousand eight hundred and four,

V01.XLV.  ...  M  .  . ..  IX.  And

i6z Anno regal quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 47. [1804.

IX.  And be it further enaded, That ail the annuities aforesaid shall be payable and paid, and be transferrable, at the bank of England \ and shall be subject to such redemption as is hereinafter mentioned.

X.  And be it further enaQed, That fo much money (hail, from time to time, be let apart and ifliied at the receipt of the

dated^fund of exchequer in England, out of the consolidated fund of Gnat Great Britain Britain* to the (aid caftiier or cafhiers of the governor and company of the bank of England* as shall be sufficient to farisfy and pay'the refpc&ive annuities to be created in respect of the said sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, together with the charges attending the fame.

XL And be it further ena&ed, That all the said annuities, intereft, and dividends, which shall become payable in refpelt of the said sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and are hereby charged upon and made payable out of, the consolidated fund of Greet Britain.

XU. And be it further enabled, That the commissioners of his Majesty's treafory in Ireland, or any three or more of them for the time being, shall from time to time, without any further warrant to be sued for, bad or obtained in this behalf, cause to . . be issued at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer out of the con-the exchequer folidated fund of Ireland* a>nd paid into the receipt of his Majeftv's money to an- cxcJ*e<lucr ■** England* fo much monies as shall be sufficient from f\ver anuui- time to time to answer to the said exchequer in England, the ties, See. to  several and respective annuities and other payments hereby

a certain  directed to be paid thereout; and that such payments shall be

amount* made into the said exchequer in England half yearly, by even and equal portions, (that is to fay), such of the said sums as shall be paid for the reduced annuities in refpeA of the sum of four millions five hundred thousand pounds, on or before the fifth day of O&ober and the first day of April in every year; and such of the said sums as shall be paid for the consolidated annuities in reipeft of the said fum, on or before the first day of July and the first day of January in every year; the first payment upon the said reduced annuities to be made on or before the fifth day of Oftober one thousand eight hundred and four, and on the said consolidated annuities, on or before the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and four.

XIII.  And* for the mere easy and Jure payment of all the froerol The Bank to annuit^es tflttUi/bed by this ad* be it further ena&ed, That the appoint a  g°v*rnor  and company of the bank of England, and their

camier and an fucceffors, shall from time to time, until all the said annuities accountant, shall be redeemed, appoint and employ one or mere sufficient general, and pCrfon or perfoos, within their office in the city of Lends** to be their chief or first cashier or cafhiers, and one other sufficient person within the fame office, to be their accountant-general ; and that fo much of the monies by this a& appropriated for the purpose, as shall be sufficient from time to time to anfurer the said several and refpedUve annuities,and other payments,

Annuites payable and tr ansfei rable at the Bank.

Money to be ifluedoutof the confoli-

for payment of annuities and charges;

and shall be charged upon the laid fund.

The treasury in Ireland to iflTue out of the consolidated fund and pay into

the treasury to order money to be jflfued to the cashier for payment of annuities.

\

1S04.] Annd regni quadragefimb quarto Georgii III. c. 47.  163

men's, herein tiiredted to be made out of the said monies, in re*

Ipt& of the whole of the said sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, (hall, by order of the commiffioriers of the treasury of Great Britian, or any three or more of them, or the high tneafurer of Great Britain for the time being, without my further warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained in that be*

Wf, from time to time, at the respective days of payment in dtisi& appointed for payment thereof, be issued and paid at the Kcerpt of the exchequer in Great Britain, to the said first or chief nihier or cafhiers of the said governor and company of the bank of England^ and their fucceflbrs, for the time being, by way of imprest and upon account, for the payment of the said several | and respective annuities payable by virtue of this alt; and that such cashier or cafhiers, to whom the said money shall from time to time be iflued, {hall from time to time, without delay, pay the fame accordingly, and render his or their accounts thereof, according to the due course of the exchequer in Great Britain j and that the said accountant-general for the time being shall from time to time inspect and exa'mine all receipts and. payments of the said cashier or ca(hiers, and the vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any fraud, negligence, or delay.

XIV.  And be it further enabled. That the cashier or calhiers Cafhierfogive

of the governor and company of the bank of England, who (hall  for

hare received or shall receive any part of the said contributions ^hich mjwbe toward the said sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand assigned be-pounds, shall give a receipt or receipts in writing to every such fore Dec. iS, contributor for all such sums ; and that the receipts to be given I^°4-

(hall be aflignxble at any time before the eighteenth day of December one thousand eight hundred and four, and no longer: provided always, that such cashier or cafhiers shall give security Cafhier to to the good liking of any three or more of the commissioners of £,vc fec.urit? the treafury, or the high treasurer of Great Britain for the time money he re-C being, for duly answering and paying into the receipt of his ceivcs into the Majesty's exchequer in Great Britain, as after mentioned, for exchequer, the publick ufe, all the monies which they have already received, and shall hereafter receive from time to time, of and for the whole of the said sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, and for accounting duly for the fame, and for performance of the trust hereby in them repofed, and shall from time to time pay all such monies as soon as he or they (ball receive the fame, or any part thereof, or within five days afterwards at the fartheft, into and shall account for the fame, in the exchequer of Great Britain, according to the due course thereof, deducing thereout such sums as shall have been paid by him or them in pursuance of this a<5t, for which sums fo paid allowance shall be made in his or their accounts.  Ah k t 1m

XV.  And be it enadted. That in the office of the accountant- keptki the general of the governor and company of the bank of England for accountant-the time being, a book or books shall be provided and kept. In general's of-which the names of the corttributors shall be fairly entered; ^contribr^ which book or book9j ffce said respective contributors, their to„* nanK xefpe&ive executors, adminiftrators, fucceflbrs, and afligns, shall aduplicat

- - -  wWrrof t

titled to annuities tax tree.

164 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c.47. [ 1804,

betranfmitted and may from time to time, and at all seasonable times, resort to to the audimr infpe6t without any fee or charge ; and that the said acoun-CXC “ tant-general (hall, on or before the fifth day of July one thoutand eight hundred and five, transmit an attested duplicate, fairly . written on paper, of the said book or books into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer of Greet Britain, there to remain for ever.

Contributors XVI* And be it further enaded, That such contributors, thefrStw* <luly paying the whole sum fo fubferibed at or before the refpec-feriptions en- tive times, in this aGt limited in that behalf, and their respective executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, and afligns, fhali have, receive, and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this ad to have, receive, and enjoy, the said fevera) annuities, by this ad granted in respect of the sum fo fubferibed, out of the. monies granted and appropriated in this session of parliament for payment thereof, and shall have good and sure interests and estates therein, according to the several provisions in this ad contained, and that the (aid several annuities shall be free from all taxes, charges,

,  .  .  and impositions whatfoever.

paSin'parT*  XVII. Provided always, That in cafe any such contributors

and not com- who have already deposited with or shall hereafter pay to the pleated, for- said caftlier or cafniers any sum or sums of money at the time teited.  and in the manner herein-before mentioned, in part of the fum

or sums A> by them respectively fubferibed, or their respective executors, adminiftrators, fuccefTors, or afligns, shall not advance and pay to the said cashier or calhiers, the residue of the sum or sums fo fubferibed at the times and in the manner before mentioned, then and in every such cafe fo much of the respective funl or Aims fo fubferibed, as shall have been actually paid in part thereof to the said caihier or cafhiers, shall be forfeited for the benefit of the publick, and all right and title to the said annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annumf and of three pounds per centum per annum refpedively, in respect thereof, shall be extinguifhed; any thing in this ad contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithftanding.

XVIII.  And be it further enaded, That all persons who shall be entitled to any of the annuities hereby granted in respect of the said sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, and all persons lawfully claiming under them, shall be | possessed thereof as of a personal eftatc, which shall not be de- j fcendible to heirs, nor liable to any foreign attachment by the custom of London, or otherwise j any law, ftatute, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIX.  And be it further enaded, That it shall be lawful for any three or more of the commissioners of the treafury, or the high treasurer of Great Britain, for the time, being, to iflue.and apply from time to time all such sums of money as shall be fo paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer of Great Britain^ by the said cashier or cafliiers, tofuch services as shall then have been voted by the cofnmons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in this present felfion of parliament.

'XX. Provided

Annuities to be deemed personal eftatc.

Treafury may apply the money paid > the

into chequer.

ex-

j8o4.] Anno regni quadragefimoquarto Georgii III, c. 47.  165

XX.  Provided always, and be it further enaded, That the Treafury may hid lords-commiffioners of his Majesty^s treafury, or any three

or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby autho-rifed, out of. the said sum of fourteen millions five hundred thou** find pounds, to remit to the exchequer of that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland,\ from time to time, any sums of mosey, not exceeding in the whole the Aim of four millions five hoadred thousand pounds, to be applied to such services for 7rr-issiy as shall have been voted by the commons of the united iingdocn of Great Britain and Ireland, in this present session of parliament.

XXI.  And be it further enaded, That books shall be con- Accountant-fhndy kept by the (aid accountant-general for the time being,

wherein all alignments or transfers of all sums advanced or for titering contributed towards theTaidJum of fourteen millions five hun-transfers, dred thousand pounds, shall be entered and regiftered; which entry shall be conceived in proper words for that purpose, and fhaJI be iigned by the parties making such alignments or transfers, or if such parties be abfent, by their respective attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorised, in writing under his or their hand and feal, or hands and feals, to be attested by two or more credible witnefies; and that the several persons to whom such transfers shall be made, shall reipedtively underwrite their acceptance thereof, and that no other method of assigning and transferring the said annuities, or any part thereof, or any in-tereft therein, shall be good or available in law; provided always, that all persons poflefied of any (hare or interest in either of the Stock may be laid (locks of annuities, or any estate or interest therein, may deviled. * devise the fame by will in writing, attested by two or more credible witnefies; but that no payment shall be made upon* any such devile, until fo much of the said wiU as relates to such (hare, eftate, or intereft, in the said docks of annuities, be entered in the feid office; and that in default of such transfer or Transfers not devife, such (hare, eftate, or intereft, in the said (locks of annui--ties, shall go to the executors, adminiftrators, fuccefiors, and ftamP"dutlc** affigns; and that no ftamp-duties whatsoever shall be charged on any of the said transfers; any law or statute to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXII.  Provided always, and be it further enabled. That out Treafury may of the monies arising from the contributions towards railing the defray inci“ said sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, by ™cesout of annuities, any three or more of the commissioners of the treafury, contributions or the high treasurer of Great Britain for the time being, shall and allow fa-hare power to discharge all such incident charges as shall necef-1*™*to **** fcrily attend the execution of this adt, in such manner as to them aceounUnt-ihali seem just and rcafonable; and also to fettle and appoint such general, allowances as (ball be thought proper for the fervice, pains, and

labour of the said caihier or calhiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said contributions; and ?lfo shall have power to make, out of the said consolidated fund, such further allowances as shall be judged reasonable for the fervice, pains and

labour

xmides.

*66 Annoregni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III.c.47. [1804.

labour of the said cashier or cafhiers for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said annuities payable by virtue of this ad; and also for the fervice, pains, and labour of the laid accountant-general, for performing the trust reposed in him by this a£t; all which allowances to be made as aforesaid, in respect of the fer-vice, pains, and labour of any officer or officers of the said governor and company, shall be for the use and benefit of the said governor and company, and at their disposal only.

The %l per XXfIL And be it further enaded, That all the monies to cent, reduced which any person or persons shall become entitled by virtue of be added to (^1S ac^> respect of any sum advanced or contributed towards the joint (lock the said sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, of {I. percent.on which the said reduced' annuities, after the rate of three reduced an- pounds per centum per annum, shall be attending, shall be added to the joint flock of annuities transferable at the bank of England,\ which, by an a61 made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his late Majefly, were reduced from four pounds per centum per annum to three pounds per centum per annum, and shall be deemed part of the said joint flock of annuities, subject nevertheless to redemption by parliament, in such manner, and upon such notice as in the several ads by which the said annuities, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum were respectively granted, are directed in respect of the annuities redeemable by virtue thereof, and that all and every person and persons and corporations whatfoever, in proportion to the money to which, he, flic, or they, shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this ad, shall have and be deemed to have a proportional interest and {bare in the said joint flock of annuities at the.rate aforesaid.

XXIV.  And be it further enaded, That all the monies to which any person or persons shall become entitled by virtue of this ad, to be added to *n rc*Pc** any advanced or contributed towards the said the joint stock sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, on which of 3/. per cent the said confoKdated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per confois, centum per annum, shall be attending, shall be added to the joint stock of annuities transferable at the bank of England, into which the several Turns, carrying an interest after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, were by several ads, made in the twenty-fifth, twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirty-fecond, and thirty-third years ot the reign of his late majesty King Geerge the Second, ana by several subsequent ads, confolidated, and shall be deemed part of the said joint stock of annuities, subject nevertheless to redemptfpn by parliament, in such manner and upon such notice as in the said ad made in the twenty-fifth year of his said late Majesty's reign is directed in respect of the several and respective annuities redeemable by virtue of the said ad, and that all and every person and perfons, and corporations whatfoever, in proportion to the money to which he, (he, or they shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this ad, shall have and be deemed to have a proportional interest and (hare in the said joint flock of annuities at the rates aforesaid.

XXV.  And

The 31, per crnr.confols under this ad

1804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 47.  167

XXV.  And be it further enidcd, That if aoyperfoo or persons Peifone coun-

flutil forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or coun*  rc*

lerfeited, or shall willingly ad or aflirt in the forging or counterfeit- contribution#, ing any rtfceipt or receipts for the whole of, or any part or parts &c. guilty ok of the (aid contributions towards the said sum of fourteen millions hlony.

five hundred thousand pounds, either with or without the name or names of any person or persons being inserted therein, as the contributor or contributors thereto^ or payer or payers thereof, or of any port or parts thereof, or shall alter any number, figure^ or word therein, or utter or publifh, as true, any such falfe, forged, counterfeited, or altered receipt or receipts, with intent to defraud the governor and company of the bank of Englandor iny body politick ^corporate, or any person or persons whatfo-ever, every such person or persons fo forging or counterfeiting, or caufiag or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly acting or afiifting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, steering, or publiihing ts aforesaid, being thereof convicted in doe form of law, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall foffer death as a felon without benefit of clergy,

XXVI.  Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That the ?anh t0 said governor and company of the bank of England, and their Nation till fjcceflbrs, not withfta tiding the redemption of all or any of their ^he annuities own funds, in pursuance of Che ads for establishing the fame, or hereby grant* any of them, shall continue a corporation for the purposes of this ed ccafe.

ad, until all the annuities by this ad granted shall be redeemed by parliament as aforefaid; and that the said governor and company of the bank of England, or any member thereof, shall not incur any disability for or by reason of their doing any matter or thing in pursuance of this ad.

XXVII.  And be it further enaded, That no fee, reward, or gratuity whatsoever, shall be demanded or taken of any of his

Majcfty's fubjeds, for receiviog or paying the said fubfeription tribunal*, or or contribution-monies, or any of them, or for any receipt con- paying or cerning the fame, or for paying the said annuities, or any of u auskrring them, or for any transfer of any fum, grfeat or f mall, to be made in pursuance of this ad, upon pain that any officer or person offend- ** y ing, by taking or demanding any such fee, regard, or gratuity,

(hall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds to the party aggrieved, with full costs of fuit, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any. of his Majcfty's coarts of record at IVtftminJler, wherein no efloign, protedtion, privilege, or wager of law, injun&ion, or order of reftraint, or any more than one imparlance shall be granted or allowed.

XXVIII.  And be it further eoa&cd, That if any person or Perfons sued persons shall be (ued, moleftcd, or prosecuted for any thing done may plead the by virtue or in pursuance of this ad, such person or persons shall Sacral lilue. and may plead the general iffue, and give this ad and the fpecial

matter in evidence, in his, her or their defence or defences; and and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall difcontintie his, her, or *

trteir

i68 Aniio regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 48: [1804

their action or profecution, to he nonfuited, or judgement (hal be given against him, her, or them, upon demurred or other-Treble cofts. wife, then such defendant or defendants (hall, have treble costs awarded to him, her, or them, against any such plaintiff 01 plaintiffs.

CAP. XLVIII.

An act for raising a attain sum of money by way of annuities or debentures, for the fervid ^Ireland.—[May 16, 1804.]

Moft gracious Sovereign,

W1

rE, your Majesty*s most dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the commons df the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in parliament aflembled, being defirotis to raise the  necessary supplies which we have cheerfully granted to your Ma-jefty in this session of parliament, have resolved that the sum of one million.two hundred and fifty thousand pounds, Irijb currency, being one million one hundred and nfty-three thousand eight hundred and forty-fix pounds three {hillings and one penny sterling, be raised in Ireland, in manner herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enadted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefcnl par-for every wo/ *'ament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That every Irifli currency contributor towards raising the said sum of one million two ihall be enti- hundred and fifty thousand pounds, Irijb currency, his heirs, tied to the executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, shall for every sum of one bl,ndrod pounds, Irijh currency, contributed,and paid, be en-in annuities at titled to the principal sum df one hundred and twelve pounds Si per cent, seven shillings and three-pence in annuities, after the rate of five transferable pounds per centum per annum, transferable at the bank of Ireland, f1 J”"*°^and the interest thereon to commence from the twenty-fifth day or' at their'  March one thousand eight hundred and four, and to be pay-

option, be en- able at the said bank half yearly on the twenty-ninth day of titled to de- September and the twenty-fifth day of March in every year, or at I th t^"1 k*s °Pri°n b® entitled to have and receive a debenture or defury for sST bcnturcs from-the treasury of Ireland, at the rate of one hundred bearing a like and twelve pounds seven shillings and three-pence, Irijb cur-imcrc& rency, bearing an interest of five pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the said twenty-fifth day of March one thou-fand eight hundred and four, and to be payable at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer in Ireland half-yearly on the twenty-ninth day of September and the twenty-fifth day of Marsh in every year.

II. And whertas pursuant to and upon the terms and conditions exprejftd in the said refolution, several persons have fubferibtd together the whole of the Jfaid sum of one million two hundred and fifty tboufeni I pounds, to be raised by annuities or debentures, and have made depofiu I ^  of five pounds per centutii and five pounds per centum on the re-

iSof] Aano regni quadragefimo quarto Gegagii III. c. 48.. 169

iflwefms by them fo fubferibed UJbefaidfum of one million two ttdrtd and fifty thousand pounds, be it therefore ena&ed, That it Contributors foil and may be lawful for such contributors who have niade*1'"^* fach deposits for the purchase of such annuities, to advance and Ly jn their payunro the calhicr or cafhiers of the governor and company fabferiptions of the bank of Inland (which calbier or cafhiers is and are »n the pro-hath;appointed the receiver and receivers of such contributions vnhoot any other warrant to be had in that behalf), the several  herein

raniinders of the sums by them respectively fubferibed towards mentioned. the hid Aim of one million two hundred and fifty thousand pounds, at or before, the respective days and times, and in the proportions herein-after limited and appointed in that behalf; bat is to fay, the further sum of ten pounds per centum on or before the twenty-eighth day of May one thousand eight hundred and four, the further sum of fifteen pounds per centum on or before the twenty-third day of June then next following, the further sum of fifteen pounds per centum on or before the twenty-firrt day of July then next following, the further sum of ten -pounds per centum on or before the twenty-fecond day of Auguft then next following, the further sum of ten pounds per centum on or before the twenty-fourth day of September then next following, the further sum of ten pounds per centum on or before be twenty-fourth day of Oflober then next following, the further sum of ten pounds per centum on or before the twenty-fourth day d November then next following, and the remaining sum of ten pounds per centum. on or before the twenty-fecond day of De-umber then next following.

III.  And be it further enaded, That it shall and may be lawful Contributors Tor such contributors who have made such deposits for the Pur

:hafc of debentures, to advance and pay to the teller and calhicr their^uUcrip. )fhi$ Majesty's exchequer in Dublin (which teller and cathier is tions in tie hereby appointed the receiver of such contributions without any like manner, other warrant to.be had in that behalf), the several remainders of the sums by them respectively fubferibed towards the said sum of one million two hundred and fifty thousand pounds, at or before the like days and times, and in the like proportions, at or in which the contributors to the sums fubferibed for the purchase of annuities are herein-before required to pay the fame.

IV,  And be it ena&ed. That every contributor paying in the Difcountof5£. whole of the sums by them respectively fubferibed in respect of j^we^oa ** the said sum of one million two hundred and fifty thousand pounds, payments

to be contributed as aforefaidat any time on or before the twenty- made in ad-third day of November one thousand eight hundred and four, vance.

{hall be entitled to an allowance of fo much money as the in-tereft of each sum fo paid in advance'for completing his, her, or their contribution refpeltively shall amount unto, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum from the day of completing the fame to the twenty-fecond day of December one thousand tight hundred and four; which allowance is to be paid by the hid calhier or cafhiers, or the fard teller and cafhier, out of the monies to be contributed in pursuance of this a&, as soon as such

refpeftive

170 Anno tegni quadragefimo quarto Georg ti III. c. 48. [1804.

refpedive contributory their executors, adminiftrators, and assigns {hall have completed such payments.

Annuities and V. And be it ena&ed, That the (aid federal fobferibm or interest (haU contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, vearf^^Se t ^or cvcrY one hundred pounds by him, her, or them refpeftrr/j a^and March a^v»nced and paid, be entitled to the principal sum of one Iran* *5, Ac. dred and twelve pounds seven shillings and three-pence in annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum, which annum shall commence from the twenty*fifth day of March one thou* (and eight hundred and four, or to a debenture or debentures from the treasury of Ireland*, after the rate of one hundred asi twelve pounds seven shillings and three-pence, bearing an interest of five pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the find twenty-fifth day of March one thoufimd eight hundred and four; and the said annuity of five pounds per centum shall be payable and paid half yearly at the bank of Ireland, by even and equal portions, on the twenty-ninth day of September and twenty-fitt day of March in every year; the first payment thereon to be das on the twenty-ninth day of September one thodland eight Jnmdid and four; and the interest on the said debentures (ball be payabK / at the exchequer of Ireland\ by even and equal portions, on dfl twenty-ninth day of September and the twenty-fifth day of Mri in every year, the first payment thereon to be due on the twenty ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and four; bai the said annuities shall not be payable until the refpedire fcfl feribers or contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, or 4 signs shall have completed the whole of the films by them fdfi feribed for the purchase of the said annuities.

As soon as VI. And be it cna&ed, That as soon as any contributors wM fttbftripttons fl^u have fubferibed for any principal fum, in annuities, tranw annuities are Arable at the bank of Ireland, their executors, adminiftratav completed or alligns, shall have completed their payments of such part i they may be the whole sum payable by them refpeftiveiy towards the (aid fca transferred. Df onc million two hundred and fifty thousand pounds, as (ha!

be payable in respect of the said annuities of five pounds per to* turn, the principal sum or Turns In the said annuities shall forth* with be/ in the books of the bank of Ireland, placed to the cre$t of the respective contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, completing their payments refpedtively; and tb: persons to whose credit such principal Aims shall be fo placed, their respective executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, shall hart power to assign and transfer the fame, or any parr, (hart, or proportion thereof, to any person or perfons; and the said governor and company of the bank of Ireland are hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be, to prepare proper books for the purpose of entering the names of all such contributors, and placing to their credit the principal sums fo paid by them rer* fpeflively, and that such of the said contributors, their executor, adminiftrators, or affigns, who shall complete their payments of such part of the whole sum payable by them refpeflively tomr:$ the said sum 6f one million two hundred and fifty thousand

iJ04.] Anno regni quadrageftmo quarto Georgii IIL c. 48. 171

pounds, as shall be payable in rcfped of the said annuities* at »f rime before the governor and company of the bank of ? JbWQuJ) have prepared their receipts* according to the di-' jettons of this a£t, shall be entitled to have the (urns fo paid jtakwith placed to their credit in the books of the bank of InM; and the said governor and company are hereby required ta cafe such sums to be forthwith placed to the credit of the prrfenentitled to the annuities in respect thereof in the books oflfefenk of Inland accordingly* and such entries in the said . tab shall be in lieu of the receipts hereby directed to be .given fer all sums paid in manner aforesaid 1 and such sums shall carry annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum re* tamable by parliament*; and shall be taken and deemed to be lock transferable according to the true intent and meaning of :Ai$aA until redemption thereof.

VIL And be it further ena&ed, That every contributor who Contributors Ad) have subscribed for the purchase of debentures* his exe- L” °* cetors* adminiArators* or affigos, and who shall have madefhanonmak-pwmeot of any instalment thereon, shall be entitled to receive ing payment . from the proper officers of his Majesty's treasury in Ireland»thereon re-debentures for the sum he, (he, or they shall be entitled to in ®°ve fcbe"; icfped thereof; and fhali alfo, on payment of the inftalments^JtQrwhich payable on the said twenty-fecond day of December one thousand they shall be eight hundred and four, be entitled to receive debentures in entitled; but Rfped of the sum deposited by him* her, or them, as aforefaid;no *° be provided always, that no sum to be exprefted in any debenture ^ereinto be tail be other than one hundred pounds or fifty pounds; and in other than cafe there shall be any fractional part of the sum of fifty pounds* 100/. or 50L CD which any fubfenber lhall be entitled in respect of the sum contributed and paid by him, such fra&ional part shall be placed to the credit of such contributor in the books of the bank of Irtlasi) in like manner as if such contributor had subscribed to the feme in annuities.

V1IL And be it enaded, That a debenture at the rate of Debentures one hundred and twelve pounds seven shillings and three-pence, fh^l be given for every sum of one hundred pounds, to be fubicribed and paid ^ann-r on at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer in Dublin, bearing such loans in Ire-intereft as aforesaid, (ball be given ?by the proper officers of his land.

Majefty's treasury in Dublin, in like manner as hath been usually done in cafes where principal sums have been heretofore borrowed in Ireland on loan by debentures; and the debentures fo to be given shall be numbered in numerical order, beginning with number one until the whole shall be numbered.

IX. And be it ena&ed, That upon every such debenture Iniercft oh <Jr. there shall be paid* at the receipt of his Majesty1* exchequer in benturea (Ml DvWw, to the person who shall become entitled to the fame, his, her, or their executors, adminiftratorsor afligns, such interest principal paid as aforefaid* without any fee or charge, until such time as they offorconvat-fhali be refpedkively paid the principal money therein, at one ed into an. entire payment* unless the fame shall be converted into annuities ni,,tle3-payable and transferable at the bank of Ireiqndy in pursuance of

*  art

ijz Annoregniquadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 48. [1804

an aft pifled in Inland in the thirty-feventh year of his pdent Majesty's reign, intituled, An ail to enable the prtyrietsn tf & bentures issued by government to convert them intoJlocb trantyndk at the bank ^/"Ireland.

In default of X. And be it enafted, That the refpefthre (urns of fiveparndf payment of pn centum, and five pounds per centum, deposited by every fub-fitbfaipUon briber towards the said sum of one million two bundrtd wA, deposits shall fifty thousand pounds, shall remain at a fecority for the due be forfeited, payment of the remainer of the sum fubferibed by him: and that in cafe any fubferiber, his executors, adtniniftrators, or affigm, shall not pay the residue of the sum or sums fo fubferibed at tk times and in manner before mentioned, then and iri every fad cafe the said deposit shall be forfeited for the benefit of the public^ and all right and title to the annuities, or to the (aid debentuia depending thereon, shall be extinguifhed; any thing herein cos# tained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding*

Caftuert shall XI. And be it enafted. That the cathier or cafliiers of d» give receipts governor and company of the bank of Ireland who hath or he tion*^which rcccivc(,» or receive any part of the said contribution may be C towards the said sum of one million two hundred and fifty tho* ajfigncd. sand pounds, shall give a receipt or receipts in writing to every such contributor for all such fums; and that the receipts fo to Is given shall be assignable by indorsement thereon, and shall Ml time to time pay all such monies as soon as he or they M receive the fame or any part thereof, or within five days after* wards at the furtheft, into, and shall account for the fame intbl exchequer of Ireland according to the due course (hereof, & dufting thereout such sums as shall have been paid by him si them in puffuance of this aft; for which sum fo paid, allowijtf shall be made in his or their accounts.

A book (hall  XII.  And be it enafted. That, in the office of the accounting

be kept in the  general  of the governor and company of the bank of /r/W, I

ffeSral^of- boo*c or l>00*ts be Pr<>vided and kept, in which the name fee for enter- of the contributors shall be flirty entered, which hook or boob ing contribu- every contributor, his executors, adminiftrators, and affig* tors' names, may from time to time, and at all seasonable times, refort« which(hallbe a,w* *n^Pc<^ without fee or reward; and the said accoontaob transmitted to general (hall, on or before the twenty-fourth day of Juw one the auditor of thousand eight hundred and four, transmit an attested duplicate theexchequer. fairly written on paper of such book or books into the office oi the auditor of his Majefiy's exchequer of Ireland, there to remain for ever.

Annuities (hall  XIII.  And be it enafted, That all peribtos who shall be c*

«rfonalcftate  to  any °f annuities hereby granted in respect of the

**  ' said sum of one million two hundred and fifty thousand poands,

and all persons lawfully claiming under them, (ball be poflefM thereof as of a personal estate which shall not be defeendibie w heirs.

Aimuitieslhalt XIV. And be it enafted, That all the annuities aforefiid beonejoint shall be addfed to, and made one joint dock with the present stock with the annujtjcs Qf five pounds per centum now subsisting in lrek*dy and

(hill

1804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii II c. ns

Sail be payable and transferable at the bank of Inland at the prelent an. fenetime and in the fame manner as the said prefect annuities rffive pounds par tentum are payable an9 transferable, and that<n rc tie said annuities shall be free from all taxes, charges, and im-pobions wbatfoever.

XV.  And be it enacted, TJiat it shall and may be lawful for Tmfniy of tkttor more of the commissioners of the treasury in ,or Ireland may tie led high treasurer of Ireland for the time oeing, to iiTue

and apply from time to time all such sums of money as shall be as h/aid into the receipt of his Majefly's exchequer of  by ihallfaavebern

tie laid cashier or calhiers, to Inch services as shall have been voted by par. wed by the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain lament, ad  Inland in this prefect session of parliament.

XVI.  And be it ena&ed, That all the monies received by the Money flialt

hid cashier or cathiers of the bank of Ireland,(hall be paid into  earrjed to

the receipt of bis Majesty's exchequer at , and, together  ^

with such monies as thaii be received for debentures as herein.  *

before mentioned, shall be carried to, and form part of, the confoiijiated fund of Ireland.

XVII. And be it enabled, That all the said annuities and and the anna kerefts which shall become payable in refpedlof.the said Aim fries and in-of one million two hundred and fifty thousand pounds, shall be** charged and chargeable upon, and are hereby charged upon e tre“ and made payable out of the consolidated fund of Ireland.

XVIII.  And be it enaded, That fo much money shall from Moneyfliallbe time to time be fet apart at the receipt of the exchequer in frt apart at the Inland, out of the consolidated fund of Ireland, to the governor “chequer for and company of the bank of Ireland, as shall be sufficient to a purpo e‘ fetisfy and pay all such annuities as shall be created by virtue of

this aft, together with the charges attending the fame.

XIX.  And be it further ena&ed. That books shall be con-Accountant-ftintly kept by the (aid accountant-general for the time toeing, £cnerjjH)<^a** wherein all alignments or transfers of all sums advanced or contributed towards the said sum of one million two hundred transfers.

and fifty thousand pounds, shall be entered and regiftered; which entry shall be conceived in proper words for that purpose, and Dull be signed by the parties making fuefa alignments or transfers, or if such parties be abfent, by their respective attorney or attomies thereunto lawfully authorised by writing under his or their hand and feal, or hands and feats, to be attested by two or more credible witneffes, and that the several persons to whom such transfers (ball be made, shall relpecliveJy underwrite their acceptance thereof j and that no other method of aligning and transferring the said annuities, or any part thereof, or any interest therein, shall be good and available in law, and that no ftamp-iutits whatsoever shall be charged on' any of the said transfers. ,

XX.  And be it further enacted. That if any person or persons 2rfiriSng*re!l" ftnll forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or coun- ceipts for con-terfeited, or lhall willingly a£f or assist in the forging or counter- tributions, or feiting any receipt or .receipts for the whole of, or any part or pans of the Cud contributions towards the said sum of 9ne guilty ofVc-

ffiilJion jonjr.

*74

Anno regniquadragcfitno quarto Georgii III. c. 48. [1804.

million two hundred and fifty thousand pounds, either with or

without the name or names of any person or persons being in-

ferted therein, as the tontributor * or contributors thereto, or

payer or payers thereof, or of any part or parts thereof, or ftafl

alter any number, figure, or word therein, or utter or pubii/h as

true any such falfe, forged, counterfeited, or altered receipt or

receipts, with intent to defraud the governor and company of

the bank of Ireland* or any body politick or corporate, or any

perfon or persons whatfbever, or shall forge or counterfeit any

debenture or debentures, or alter any number, figure, or worj

therein, or utter or publish as true any such falte, forged, coun^

terfeited, or altered debenture, with intent to defraud his MaJ

jelly, his heirs or fucceffors, or any person or persons whatfoeverj

•very such person or persons fo forging or counterfeiting, c f

caufing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or willing'yi

a&ing or aflilling in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering,

uttering, or publiQjing as aforefatd, being thereof convicted in

due form of law, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and lhalli

fuffer death as a felon without benefit of clergy.

' XXL And be it further ena&ed, That no fee, reward, or

cciving con- gratuity whatsoever shall be demanded or taken of any of hisj

trtbutiona, or Majesty's subjects for receiving and paying the said Aiblcription

paying or or contribution monies, or any of them, or for any receiptor

transferring debenture concerning the fame, or for paying the said annuities, annuities on  r »  P  c  er 3 P  -

penalty ofao/.or *^7 °*  or  fQr znY transfer of any fum, great or final!,

* to be made in pursuance of this ad, upon pain that any officer or person offending, by taking or demanding any such fee, reward, or gratuity, (hall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds to the party aggrieved, with full cods of fuit, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Dublin, wherein no eifoign, protection, privilege, wager of law, injunction, or order of reftraint, or any more than one imparlance shall be granted or allowed.

Perfons sued  XXIL Andhe it further enafled, That if any person or perfons

mayPiliffthC ^ be fued> rooIcftcd> or prosecuted for any thing done by general ue. vjrtuc or jn pur(uance of this ad, such person or persons (hall

and may plead the general iffuc, and give this ad and the fpechl matter in evidence, in his, her, or their defence or defences, and if afterwards a verdict Hull pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall difeontinue his, her, or their action or profecution, or be nonfuited, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them upon demurrer, or otherwife, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs award, cd to him, her, or them against any fiich plaintiff or plaintiffs. Adt may be XXIII, And be it further enaded, That this ad may be pealed thi/*" varied, aitered, or repealed by any ad to be passed in thisfeffion feffion. of parliament.

No fee to be taken for re-

CAP.

itof] Anno regni quadragefixno quarto Georgii III, c. 49.  x75

CAP. XLIX.

koB for granting lo bis Majefly^ until twelve months after the rodpcation of a definitive treaty of peacey additional duties of nctfi on wine imported into Great Britain.—[May 16,1804.J

Moft gracious Sovereign,

TUI, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the rV commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and brandy in parliament aflembled, towards raising the fuppltet to kkvj the expences of the just and necessary war in which your Majesty is engaged, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the feverai additional duties of excise herein respectively mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enabled 5 and be it ensued by the King's most excellent majefty, by and with &e advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That there shall be railed, levied, colled- The addled and paid, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs 2nd df Uthc* facceflbrs, upon the feverai goods, wares, and merchandize-, drawbacks mentioned and defcribed. in the schedule hereunto annexed, mentioned in the feverai sums of money and additional duties of excise as the schedule they are respectively inferred, defcribed, and fet forth in the annexed, shall laid fchedule, over and above all other duties of excise now allied?11 payable to his Majesty ; and that there shall be made, allowed, and paid, for or in respect of goods, wares, and merchandize, for or in respect whereof any duty of excise is by this aft impofed, to the feverai persons entitled to the fame, the feverai drawbacks of excise as the fame are also respectively inferred, defcribed, and fet forth in the schedule hereunto annexed; and the fame shall commence and take effect from the respective days mentioned in the said fchedule.

II.  And be it further enacted, That such of the duties, by Duties to be ibis aft impofed, as shall arise in that part of Great Britain under the ma-called England, shall be under the management of the com-

miffioners of excise in England} for the time being ; and such mjloners of thereof as shall arise in that part of Great Britain called Scotland\ excife.

/Ml be under the management of the commissioners of excise in Sutland, for the time being.

III.  Arid be it further enacted, That the said feverai sums of Dutiea and money refpcftrvely inferted, defcribed, and fet forth in the said under*this aft schedule hereunto annexed, as the duties of excife, and the draw- tol^kvied backs fet forth in the said fchedule, upon the feverai goods, and allowed wares, and merchandize, mentioned therein, shall and may be as former respectively raifed, levied, collefted, anfwered, paid, recovered, drawbacks adjudged, mitigated, and allowed, in such and t)ie.like manner,0

and in or by any or either of the general or special means, ways, or methods by Which the former duties and drawbacks of excise respectively -Upon goods, wares, and merchandize of the

fame

' 176 Anno regni quadragelimo quarto Gbo'rgu III. 0.49. [1804. j

fame forts or kinds respectively were or might be railed, levied, j, collected, anfwcred, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitjgated, and • allowed; and the goods, wares, and merchandize fo by this ad ■ refpc&ively made liable to the payment of or chargeable with , duties of excife, or fo intitled to drawbacks of exciftv as respectively infer ted, deferibed, and let forth in the said fckdulc hereunto annexed, shall be, and the fame are hereby madettjd to all and every the conditions, regulations, rules, reftridio&s, and forfeitures to which goods, wares,* and merchandize were generally or fpecialiy subject or liable by any a6k or ads of par- , Lament in force immediately before the palling of this ad, refpeciing the duties of excife5 and all and every pain, penally, ' fine, or forfeiture of any nature or kind whatever, for a of ■ offence whatever committed against or in breach of any ad or acts of parliament in force immediately before the palling of this,

‘  made for securing the revenue of excife, or fbr the regulation

or improvement thereof, and the several claufes, powers, and directions therein contained, lhall and are hereby directed asd declared to extend to and shall be respectively applied, pradiied, and put in execution, for and in respect of the several duties and drawbacks of excise hereby charged and allowed, in as fuUaoJ ample manner, to all intents and purposes whatever, as M and every the said alts, claufes, provifions, powers, diredions, fines, pains, penalties, or forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-ena&ed in the body of this aft*

Duties and lV„ And be it further enabled, *That in all cafes where dutih , ‘l^backa arc  Qt  drawbacks allowed by this aft, or any fpecihck !

tionateTo0^ quantity of goods, wares, and merchandize, the fame lhall, ia the actual  every cafe, be underftood, deemed, and taken to apply in tbs

quantity.  fame proportion, and after the fame rate, to any greater or Ids

quantity than such Ipecifick quantity.

How addi- V. And be it further ena&ed, That,in estimating the additional tional duties duties hereby imposed on wine, as being found upon the first ftocT(halinbe a&ua* farvey ty the proper officer of excife, after, the thirtieth day eftimated, and of' April one thousand eight hundred and four, in the (lock, how paid.  cuftody, or pofTeffion of any dealer or dealers in, or fe|ler os

^  fellers of foreign wine in bottles, five reputed quart bottles (hail

be reckoned to the gallon, and two hundred and fifty-two of such gallons to the tun \ and the said additional duties payable on wine, as being in the (lock, cuftody, or possession of such dealer or dealers in, or feller or fellers of foreign wine as afore* faid, shall be paid by such dealer or dealers, or feller or fellers, in manner following; (that is to fay), one third part thereof on the fifth day of January one thousand eight hundred and five, one other third part thereof on the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and live, and the remaining third part thereof on the fifth day of January one thtfefand eight hundred and fix.

Aft not to VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no-charce with thing in this aft contained lhall extend, or be construed to

wine iia Sock cxlcnc,t ^ charge with any duty by virtue of this ad, any

wine |

t5o4] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 40.  177

wine in the flock, cuftodv, or pbflcflion of any dealer or dealers for which the in, or feller or fellers of foreign wine, for which the additional  have

duty by this aft 'impofed shall have been paid on importation been pud on thereof, nor any wine in the flock, cuftody, or polfeffion of importation, , iny dealer or dealers in, or feller or fellers of foreign wine, s\or any onlefe such dealer or dealers, or fellers or fellers, {hall have in  "0fur*

her, or their flock, custody or poffeflion, on such actual CXcceda cer-imrey as aforesaid acter the thirtieth day of April otic thousand tain quantity, eight hundred and four, a quantity or quantities of wine ex- < coding two hundred and fifty two gallons, reckoning five reputed quart bottles to a gallon, for ail such wine as shall be in bottles.

VII.  And be it further enacted, That all wine taken and Prize wine condemned as prize, and fold by the captors or their agents,

and taken out of any warphoufe wherein the fame shall bejor houfta for** flull have been secured for consumption in this kingdom, (Kali homecon-be subject and liable to the additional duty respectively by this fumption shall acl imposed for or in respect of wine imported 3 and such J* *“^55to , additional duties shall be paid and payable by such perfons, and fifties. * l0° in such manner, as the duties on such wines are now payable.

VIII.  And be it further enacted, That for any fort of wines a drawback (hipped under the rules, regulations, and reftriftions, preferibed of the duties by law for the use of admirals, captains, or other c&mmiffioned bc ^low-officers, employed in his Majesty's fervice, for their actual consumption on board such of his Majesty's (hips as they shall naval officers, rtfpcftively serve hi, a drawback shall be allowed and paid of

the whole duty by this aft impofed.  •*  \

IX.  And whereas contracts or agreements may have been made for th[ale or delivery of wine on which additional duties of excise are or may bt granted by this a£ty which contrails or agreements have no reference t) such additional duties, and thereby the several contractors may be materially ajfefted\ for remedy thereof,'be it : further enacted,

That all and every person or persons who (half or may have The amount made or entered into any such contracts or agreements, (hall, and of the addi-they are hereby respectively authorised and empowered, in thetionaldiuties cafe of any such contrafts or agreements, to add fo much money ^ con. as will becquivalent to the Taid additional duties respectively to trailed for. the price of such wine, and shall be entitled by virtue of this ad to be paid for the fame accordingly.

X.  And be it further enacted. That if any person or persons 200/. penalty whatlbevcr, shall moleft, difturb, hinder, oppofe, or impede any forotftnift-officer dr officers of excise in the due execution of the powers mg0 cers" and authorities by this aft granted, or any or either of them,

every person fo offending shall forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds.

XI.  And be it further enacted, That all fines, penalties, and Recoveiy and forfeitures impofed* by this aft, shall be sued for, recovered, application levied, or mitigated by such ways, means, or methods, as any 0 P*naltlc$> fine, penalty, or forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied,

or ipirig^ed by any law or laws of excife, or by aft ion of debt, bill, platqt, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of Vol. XLV.  N  record

record at fVeftminflery or in the court of exchequer in Scotland refpe&ively; and that one moiety of every fucb fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall inform, difeover, or sue for the fame.

Duties to be paid into the exchequer and kept fe-parate, and ihall be applied as (nail be voted by the commons.

A & may be altered or repealed this leflion. Continuance of aft.

XII.  And be it further enabled. That all the monies arising by the (aid duties (the necefTary charges of raising and accounting for the fame exeepted) shall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Wejlminjler, distinctly and apart from all other branches ofthe publick revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt of exchequer, a book or books, in which all the monies arising from the said respective duties, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefiors, upon any account whatever; and the said monies Co paid into the said receipt (hall, from time to time, as die tame shall be paid into the said receipt, be ifiiied and applied to such services as shall then have been voted by the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Inland, in this prefeat session of parliament, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and four, or shall be voted by the said commons for the service of any subsequent year; and tne commissioners of his Majesty's treasury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high-treafurer for the time being, are and is hereby authorised and empowered to issue and apply the fame accordingly,

XIII.  And j>e it ena&ed, That this a£t, or any of the provi-fions thereof, may he altered, varied, or repealed by any aft or a&s to be palled in this session of parliament.

XIV.  And be it further ena&ed, That this a& shall continue in force until twelve months after the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace.

SCHEDULE to which this Aft refeis.

WINE.  DUTY.

£• s* d*

For every tun of French wine imported into Great Britain, for which all the duties herein fpecilied and all other duties thereon that shall |iave been charged, or shall be chargeable thereon, shall not have been paid, before the 30th day of April 1804, or which on the 30th day of April 1804, shall be remaining in any warehoufc, ftorehoufe, vault, or cellar, under the locks of the officers of the customs or excise -  -  -  -  -11  18  6

DUTY.

Wine continued.  ,  £.  s.  d.

For every tun of all other wines (not being French wines) imported into Great Britain, for which ill the duties herein specified and all other dunes thereon that (ball have been charged, or shall be chargeable thereon, shall not be paid before ike 30th day of April 1804, or which, on the jDth day of April 1804, shall be remaining in my watehoufc, ftorehoufe, vault, or cellar, under the locks ef the officers of the customs or excifc, or in any warehouse in which the fame | (ball have been or shall be lodged or depoiited under and by virtue of an aft, paflbd in the forty-firft year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, “An act to permit Portugal wine to be landed and warehoused without payment of duties under certain restrictions for a limited time”  -  -  -  -  -  *7190

For every tun of French wine which shall hare been round on the first a dual survey by the proper officer of excise after the 30th day of April 1804, in the (kick, cuftody, or possession of any dealer or dealers in, or feller or fellers of foreign wine -  -  -  -  -  .  11 18  6

For every tun of all other wines (not being French wines) which shall have been found on the first adhial survey by the proper officer of excise after the 30th day of April 1804, in the ftock, cuftody, or pofleffibn of any dealee or dealers in, or feller or fellers of foreign wine -  -  -  -  7  19  o

;  DRAWBACK.

For every tun of foreign wine, which shall be exported to foreign parts, by way of merchandize, from or out of the entered stock of any dealer or  ,

dealers, or feller or fellers of such wine, the whole of the duties by this aft impaled re*

. Iptflively.

CAP. L.

An 18 to revive and continue, until the ratification df a definitive treaty of peace, an aft, made in the last session of parliament, for providing for the more speedy completion of the eftabliftunent of officers in the militia of Great Britain; and far facilitating the fitting up vacuole* therein.—[May 16, 1S04.]

J

CAP. LI.

As aft for making allowances in certain cafes to fubalteni officers of the militia in Great Britain, while difombodiid.—[May 16,1S04.]

■J

* %

CAP.

18o Anno regal quadragelimo quarto Gsd&oii HI. c. 5a. [ 1804.

CAP. LII.

An act to alter and amend jo much of an ad, pajfed in the thirty-fourth year of his present MajeJfyy as relates to the amount of the fms to s be paid by perjons compounding for the performance ofjlatuteJuty *  —[May 16, 1804.]

WHEREAS by an ady pajfed in the thirty fourth year of his pnfent Majcfiys reigny intituledy An act for varying lome c 74*  of the provisions in an aft of the thirteenth year of his preient

Majefty's reign, respecting the pubiick highways within .that part of Great Britain called Englandy which relate to the performance of statute duty, it is amongst other things enadedy that am ptrfon or perjons liable to perform statute duty may compound fir the famey by paying to the surveyor of the highways jack certain Jums oj money as the justices at a special Jeff on of the peace Jball adjudge and declare to be reafonablty not exceeding the Jums therein mentioned: and whereas* it is expedient that the suns foto be paid by persons defines tf compounding forftatute dutyf- Jhould be increajed in the proportions hereinafter mentioned; be it therefore enacted by the King's moll '  excellent  majcfty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords

fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament So much of affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and reUtM to the t*lc Pa®njJ °f this aft, fo much of the said act of the thirty-~ amount of * fourth year ot his present Majesty's reign, as relates to the composition amount of the sums to be paid by persons delirous of compound-for statute ing for the performance of ftatute-duty, (ball be and the fame is

duty repealed. hereby repealed.

Compofition II- And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fur statute faffing of this aft, any persons or persons liable to perform fta-duty how to fUtc duty, by fending one or more team or teams, draught or and Mid.amCd draughts> plough or ploughs, with men, horfes, or oxen, in manner in the said recited aft of the thirty-fourth year of bis 4 present Majesty's reign mentioned, shall and may compound for the fame, if he, (he, or they shall think fit, by paying to the surveyor of the highways, at tne time and in the manner in the said act of the thirteenth year of his present Majesty's reign mentioned, such sum or sums of moneyas the justices of die peace for the limits wherein the parifti, townflaip, or place, for which the (aid duty is liable to be performed, is fituate, or the major ..part of them, at their special felCon to be held in the fir/twedc after Michaelmas quarter session in every year, shall adjudge and declare to be reafonable, not exceeding twelve (htilings nor ' left than three (billings for each team, draught, or plough, for each day; and in default of their adjudgingand declaring the fame, the sum of fix {hillings, for and-in lieu of every day's duty for N  •*  ejtch team, draught, or 'plough? and for each cart with two

: horses pr beasts of draught, not exceeding eight shillings nor le& than three (hillings; and in default of their adjudging and declaring the fame, the sum of fqpr (hillings; and tor each cart

,  with  |

TS04.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. $3. i8t with one horse or bead of draught, not exceeding fix (hillings, nor less than two shillings 3 and in default of their adjudging and declaring the fame, the sum of three (hillings.

CAP. LIII.

A eft for granting to bis Majesty, during the present war% and fit fx months after the expiration thereof by the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, additional duties on the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, into Great Britain 3 and on good:, wares, and merchandize, brought or carried coajiwife, within Great Britain.—-[May 18, 1804.]

Mod gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty ?s mod dutiful and loyal fubjefls, the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in parliament alfembled, towards railing the supplies to defray the expences of the just and necefifary war in which your Majesty is engaged, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the several additional duties herein after mentioned 3 and do therefore mod humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enafted, and be it enacted by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after Front June r* the first day of June one thouland eight hundred and four, there >804. there shall be raifed, levied, colleftcd, and paid unto his Majesty, his {he additional heirs and fucceflbrs, in ready money, (except as herein after is duties inserted -provided), without any difeount whatever, upon goods, wares, in annexed or merchandise, imported or brought into Great Britain from  ■)

pans beyond the feas, and upon goods, wares, or merchandize thedniw-^ brought or carried coaftwife, or from port to port within Great hacks infert* Britain, the several additional duties of cuftoms, as the fame are ed in table rtfpeftively inferted, deferibed, and fet forth in figures in the CM *nd (B>) tables hereunto annexed, marked A. and B. 3 and that there (hall  a  "

al(b be paid or allowed the several drawbacks of the laid duties of customs as the fame are also respectively inferted, deferibed, and fet forth in figures in the said tables marked A. and B* 3 any law, cuftom, or usage to the contrary notwithftanding.

II. Provided alfo, and be it further, enafted, That the addi- Additional tional duties of cuftoms, granted by this aft, shall not be charged duties not to or payable on any cotton wool, wine, or tea, or on any fir timber wool, eight inches square and not exceeding ten inches fquare, of the  tea, alJ j

growth of Norway, and imported directly from thence 3 nor on certain deals, any deals above seven inches in-width, being eight feet in length learnt not above ten feet in length, and not exceeding one inch and an half in thickness 3 nor on the produce and amount of the additional duties of customs granted by an aft passed in the Iaft session of parliament, intituled. An act for granting to his Majesty, 43 Geo. 3. luring the present war, and until the ratification of a definitive c* 70? treaty of peace, additional duties $n the importation and exportation of

certain

Additional duties, pay able on a)

182 Anno regni qua4ragc(imo quarto Georgu III. c. 53. [1804.

certain goods, wares, and merchandize) and on the tannage of ships and vejfels in Great Britain.

III.  And be it further enaded, That the several arid rcfpe&ive additional duties of cuftoms, by this ad granted on goods, wares, gooils^excrpt anc* merchandize, shall be charged and payable on all goods, imported by wares, and merchandize, (other than and except such as shall the Jiaft-India have been or shall be imported by the united company of met-wilictfthe °n chants °f England trading to the East Indies), which shall not have former duties ^een entered, and on which the duties of customs due and pay-luve not been able thereon on or before the said first day of June one thousand pudorfebured eight hundred and four shall not have been paid or secured by thou^Mm-" bond, notwithstanding such goods, wares, and merchandize may ported before hare been imported into Great Britain on or before the said first June 1,1804. day of June one thousand eight hundred and four.

Additional IV. Provided always, and be it further enadled. That the ad-duties not dirional duties of cuftoms, granted by this adf, on the importation payable if the 0f any gOOCjSt wares, and merchandize intoGrraf Britain, (other Importation n *han except such as have been or .(hall be imported by the shall have been united company of merchants of England trading to the East secured by Indies), shall not be charged or payable on any such goods, wares, bond by June or merchandize, in cafe the whole of the duties of cuftoms, due l> 1 °4' thereon at the time of importation, shall have been secured by bond, on or before the said first day of June one tboufanJ eight hundred and four.

Additional V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the ad-duties (except ditkmal duties of customs granted by this ad on goods, wares,

On gOOuS »m- 4nr|  f  >K«n anJ  Airh «« iK.11 haVebcCd

ported by the ant* merchandize (other than and except such as fhtll have bee Eaft-Indfa imported by the united company of merchants of Englandtn&'mi company), to the East Indies), shall be charged and payable on all goods, shall be pay- wares, and merchandize imported into Great Britain, which shall remaining in* ,>avc hccn or ^*'1 be warehoufed, and shall remain, on the foid warehoufea first day of June one thousand eight hundred and four, in' warc-

linH— ki a  n mi > <» ttn  U  ■  «  IaaIt •  in  mi  .fi,  *•-  a  m

1804, but shall UCTUrc l,,c ,am Iirit day of Jttne one thousand eight not be charged four, although such goods wares, or merchandize may have been till taken out imported beforelhe raid first day of June one thousand eight hun-for home con- dred and four: providedalways, that such duties shall not be charged umpuon. or  on  arly such goads, wares, or merchandize, unless and

until any such goods, wares, or merchandize shall be taken out of any such warehouse for the purpose of being used or con fumed jn Great Britain, or shall be fold for payment of duties under any a61 or ads of parliament, relating to fiich duties.

Additional VI. And be it further enacted. That the additional duties of duties shall be customs granted \>y this a& upon goods, wares* and merchandize, Poods\Cm>n al,*mPortec^ by the said united company of merchants of England porte'dby xhc trading to the East Inches, as the fame are deferred and fee forth Eaft-India  in figures in the table hereunto annexed, marked B. shall be due

company, and payable upon all such goods, wares, and merchandizev(cotton w ne°and ti woo‘» wine* and tea excepted), as (hall, from and after the said excepted), first day of June one thousand eight hundred and foifr, be foW,r /  *  the

1804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Gsorgzi III. c. 53.  183

the puhJictfales of the (aid company, and shall be paid or fepured shall be

in such mapner and at such times, and fubjeA to such rules, re*

gulations, and reftriAions, as are piefcribed and direAed with re-

{peel to the payment of any former duties of customs upon such 1X04*

goods, wares, and merchandize refpeAively : provided alfo, that

the said additional duties of customs {hall be due and payable on

all goods, wares, and merchandize imported by the laid united

company, which lhall remain in the waretioufe of the said company

on (be (aid first day of June one thousand eight hundred and four,

and which shall not have been fold at the publick Tales of the

faid company, notwithstanding such goods, wares, and mer- .

chandize may have been imported into Great Britain before the

faid first day of June one thousand eight hundred aod four.

VIL And be it further enaAed, That in a!l cafes where the Additional whole or any part of the duties of customs on any good?, dutiej may be wares, and merchandize are permitted %be secured by bond, by  ^  •

virtue of anyaA or a As of parliament in force on or immediately before the first day of June one thousand eight hundred and four, the additional duties of customs granted by this aA may in like manner and under the fame rules, regulations, reftriAions and conditions, be permitted to be secured by bond.

VIII. And whereas it is expedient on account of the additional duty by this aft imposed on sugar imported into Great Britain, that an cd~ dil'mal bounty Jhouhl be paid and allowed on the exportation from Great Britain of refined sugar produced from sugar of the British . plantations, or from sugar imported by the united company of mer- . chants of England trading to the East Indies, and on which sugar the duties of cuftoms,, payable thereon at the time of the importation thereof Jball have been duly paid; be it therefore enaAed, ^That Bounties on there (ball be paid and allowed on the exportation from Great "fined sugar Britain of any such refined fugar, and which lhall have been pre- cxPorte * pared from sugar on which the duties of customs payable at the time of the importation of such sugar shall have been duly paid, an additional bounty, to be calculated at and after the rate of twelve pounds ten shillings for every one hundred pounds in money on the produce and amount of whatever bounty may be due and payable on any such refined sugar refpeAively by any a A or a As of parliament in force at the time of die exportation thereof, ex-clufive of the produce and amount of the additional bounty on (uch fugar, granted by an aA of the last session of parliament, intituled,

An act for granting to his Majesty* during the present war, and until *3 Geo* 3*

the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, additional duties on the c* 7°‘ *

importation and exportation of certain goods9 wares, and merchandize*

and on the tonnage of flaps and vojfels in Great Britain: provided

always, that the additional bounty by this aA granted shall not

be paid or allowed on any refined sugar which shall be entered

for exportation before the thirteenth day of July one thousand

eight hundred and four; and that the said additional bounty (hall

not be paid or allowed on any refined fugar, which shall not have

been aAually (hipped for exportation within fix weeks after the

expiration 0/ this present aA..

X. Pro-

Ireland.

*84 Armoregni quadragcfimo quarto Gjeorg 11 III. c. 53. [1804,, Not to aflfett IX. Provided always, and be it furtherenafted, That nothing o^aft^fo^he *n l^‘s a<^ contained shall extend or be construed to extend to union otGreat rcPeal or alter any of the provisions contained in two acts for the Britain and union of Gueat Britain and Ireland, the one made in the parliament of Great Britain the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of his ffrefent Majesty's reign, and the other made in the parliament of Ireland in the fortieth year of his prefont Majesty's reign, or any other aft or afts in force on or immediately before the said first day of June one thousand eight hundred and four, by which any ds, wares, or merchandize imported from Ireland into Great ritainy or any goods, wares and merchandize exported from Great Britainy to Ireland* are respectively made to remain liable to or are charged with or exempted from any duties of cuftoms, whether countervailing, or others or by which any drawbacks or bounties are allowed or given in respect of any such goods, wares, or merchandize.  '

X.  And whereas an additional duty of cufioms on sugar imported into Great Britain is by this aft impofed; and whereas it is jujl and rcafmable in respect thereofy and pursuant to the provisions contained in the afts for the union of Great Britain and Ireland; that additional duties of cufioms Jbould be charged on all refined fugar, being of the manufacture of Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain, fujficient to countervail the additional duty on the raw material by this aft tmpofed: be it therefore further enacted. That, from and after the first day of June one thousand eight hundred and four, there shall be charged on any refined fugar, being of the manufacture of Irelandy and imported from, thence into Gnat Britain, the several additional countervailing duties of cuftoms, as the fame are respectively inferted, deferibe'd, and fet forth in figures in the table hereunto annexed marked C.

XI.  And be it further enacted. That the said additional coun«

.  ,. tervailing duties shall be managed, ascertained, raifed, levied, colt

likeniamiCT  Pa,d, recovered, appropriated, and applied, in such and the

as former like manner, and by the fame means, ways, and methods, m countervail- every refpeft, as the former countervailing duties on refined ing duties on fugar, the manufacture of Irelandy and imported from thence into reined fugar, Great Britain are managed, afeertained, raifed, levied, colleSed, paid, recovered, appropriated, and applied.

XII.  And whereas it is jufi and reafonabUy on account of tie addi-iitional duty of cufioms by this aft charged on sugar imported into Great Britain, that additional drawbacks or bounties Jhould in respect thereof be paid and. allowed on refined fugar, of the manufacture cf Great Britain, exported from thence to Ireland, be it therefore fur-

Bounties on ther enafted, That, from and after the thirteenth day of July ont refined sugar thousand eight hundred and four, there shall be paid and allowed,

Countervailing duties on sugar imported from Ireland.

Countervail ing duties to

exported to Ireland.

on the exportation from Great Britainy to Irelandy of the manufacture of Great Britainy which shall have been prepared from sugar of the produce of the Britijh plantations, or from sugar im ported by the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eafi Indiesy on which sugar the duties of customs payable arthe time of the importation thereof fhali^ve been duly paid, the several and respective additional drawbacks or bounties as the

fame

1804.] Aono regni quadragefimo quarto Georg u III. c. 53. 185

&sk arc refppftively inferted, defcribed, and fet forth in figures ia the table hereunto annexed marked D.: provided always, thit the (aid additional drawbacks or bounties respectively shall sot be paid or allowed unless all the rules, regulations, rcftric-uhh, and conditions required by any ad or alts of parliament in iorce on or immediately before the palling of this aft, with rrfpft to drawbacks or bounties payable on the exportation from Great Britain to Ireland of any refined fugar, are duly cffl&pSed with.

JflU. Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That the said Commence*

1 additional bounty shall not be paid or allowed on any refined JSuSmce [ fcgar which shall be entered for exportation to Ireland before I the thirteenth day of Julj one thousand eight hundred and four; tics.

' sod that the said additional bounty shall not be paid or allowed onany refined* sugar which shall not have been actually (hipped for exportation to Ireland within fix weeks after the expiration of this present aft.

XIV.  And be it further eoafted, That such of the additional Duties to be ■ duties of cuftoms, as shall arise in that part of Great Britain undcrtiie died England^ shall be under the management of the commif- of^frefpcc-. fbners of the customs in,England) for the time being; and such tive comroif- . thereof as shall arise in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, fioneri of the shall be under the management of the commifiioners of thccuftom8t ccftoms in Scotland) for the time being.

XV,  And be it further enacted, That the several duties putics and lefpeftively infertcd, described, and fet forth in figures in the u^rthis bid tables hereunto annexed, marked A. and B. as the additional a& to be le-dutles of cuftoms, whether charged and payable on the several vied, &c. as goods, wares, and merchandize specified therein, according to former duties, the value thereof, or otherwife, and the drawbacks of the duties hereby titer-of customs upon, for, or in respect of such goods, wares, and e(jw y merchandize, may and shall respectively be afeertained, managed,

nifed, levied, collefted, anfwered, paid, recovered, and allowed, except where any alteration is expressly made by this aft, ip such and the like manner, and by the fame means, ways, or methods, as former duties of cuftoms, and drawbacks ofduties of cuftoms, upon goods, wares, or merchandize in general, and also by any such special means, ways, or methods refpeftively, ts former duties of cuftoms, and drawbacks of duties of cuftoms, upon goods, wares, or merchandize, of the fame forts or kinds, were or might be afeertained, managed, raifed, levied, collefted, anfwered, paid, recovered, and allowed, and the goods, wares, or merchandize, whereon duties of customs are by this aft charged, and drawbacks of duties of customs allowed, upon the importation thereof into, or exportation thereof from Great Britain, or on any other account whatever, shall be, and the fame are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the conditions, regulations, rules, reftriftions, feifures, and for*

1 feiturcs, to which goods, wires, or merchandize in general, and also all and every the special conditions, rules, regulations, re* ftriltions, Seizures, faks, and forfeitures refpeftively, to which

Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii llUa $3. [1804.

the like goods, wares, or merchandise, were subject and liable by any ad or ads of parliament in force on and immediately before the said first day of June one rhoufend eight hundred and four, respecting the revenue of cuftoms, except where any alteration is expressly made by this ad, and all puns, pedoes, fines, and forfeitures, of whatever nature or kind .the fane may ' be, as well pains of death as others, for any offence whaterc committed again ft-or in breach of any a St or a&s of parliament in force on and immediately before the said first day of Jwnt one thou fond eight hundred and four^ made for fecurlng the revenue of cuftoms, or for the regulation or improvement thereof, and the fever*! daubs, powers, provisions, and dire&ions, contained in any such a St or ads, shall (unlefs where expressly altered by this ad), and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, 2nd shall be respectively applied, pradifed, and put in execution, for and in respect of the several duties of cuftoms, and drawback of duties of cuftoms, hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purposes whatfoever, as it all and every the said ads, chafes, provifions, powers, directions fines, pains, penalties, or forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-cnaded in the body of this ad, and made part thereof. Duties shall XVI. And be it further enaded. That all the monies arifinf fhchPPervtea ty  duties,  (the necessary charges of railing and account*

as shall tie ing for the fame excepted), shall from time to time be paid into voted by the the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, distinctly and apart froa house of com- ail other branches of the publick revenues; and that there M |noni*k be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the laid receipt of exchequer, a book or books, in which all the mend arising from the said respective duties, and paid into tbefaid receipt as aforefeid, {hall be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs and h> ceifors, upon any account whatever; and the said monies fo paid into the said receipt (hall, from time to time, as the fame (bill be paid into the said receipt, be ifiiied and applied to such services as shall then have been voted by the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this prelent session of parliament, for the service of the year one thoufaol eight hundred and four, or shall be voted by the said commons for the service of any subsequent year, and the commissioners oi his Majesty's treasury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high-treafurer for the time being, are or is hereby authorised and empowered to issue and apply the fame accordingly.

Limitation of XVII. And be it further enaSed, That if any action or full a&ions. shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this a&, such adionorfuit shall be commenced within three calendar months next after the fad committed, and not afterwards, and shall be hid in the county or place where the cause of complaint did arife, *nd not elfewhere; and the defendant or defendants in every such action General iflue* or fuit may plead, the general iffue, and give ibis a& and the

fpccul

lSa+.j Anno regni quadragefirno quarto Gboroii III. c.53.

fpertal matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon j ami jflhejory shall find for the defendant or defendant* in any such tffiort or (bit, or if the ptamtllP or plaintiffs shall be nonfuited, or tfifcontinne hit, her, or their action or fuit, after the de-fcadaot or defendant* Audi have appeared, oHf, upon demurrer, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the' defendant or defendants fhaH have treble cofit, and have the like Treble cotta.-i pmedy for the fame as any defendant hath in any other cafes to - recover costs by law.

XVIII.  And be it further ena£ted< That the duties granted i by this aft shall continne in force during the present war, and 0 u **•

I (or fix months after die expiration thereof, by the ratification* of f a definitive treaty of peace.

J XIX. And be it further enacted. That this aft, or any of the ' provisions thereof, may be varied, altered, or repealed, by any pealed tSi*

. fSt or a$f to bp made'in this present session of parliament. ftflion.

SCHEDULE referred to in this Aft,

Table (A.)

j ■

fi Table of Additional Duties of Cuftoms, payable on the Importation into Great Britain, of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, therein enumerated or deferihed, not being imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies:

AMb»of Additional Duties of Cuftoms, payable on the Goods, Wares, and . Merchaodiae* therein enumerated or defcribed, brought or carried Coaft-vife, or-from- Pott to Port, within Great Britain.

INWARDS.  Duty.  --    V  Drawback*

RniGos of all forts, for every £.too of the produce „ . and amount of the duties, of customs due and payable thereon (except as herein-aftcr  C s.  £. u dL

mentioned} no additional duty of -Sjgar, for every ,£.100 of the produce and amount of the duties of customs due and pay»ble thereon (except as berein-aftcr mentioned,) an addi-  25. 0. 0  

tional duty of All other goods, wares, and merchandize, for every £.100 of the produce and amount oi the duties of customs due and payable thereon (except as herein-  ,12 10 O  12 10 Q

after mentioned.),. 5in additional dirty of * { -  12 10 O  —•

TABLE (A.)—INWARDS.

Duty.

Except,

—  Cotton Wool*  #

—  Tpa.

—  Wine..

—  Wood, viz.

—-—Deals, above seven inches in width, being eight feet in length, and not exceeding one and a half inch in thicknefs.

... Fir Timber, being eight indies fquare

and not exceeding ten inches fquare, of the growth of Norway, and imported direltly from thence.

Thefe additional duties are not to be charged on the produce and amount, of the additional duties of cuftoma granted by an aft of the last ieffion of parliament, intituled, ‘c An a & for granting to his Majesty, during the present war, and until the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, additional duties on the importation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, and on the tonnage of {hips and vessels in Great Britain.”

See the A St to which this Table is annexed*

S' dm

COASTWISE.

Goods, wares, and merchandize brought or carried coaftwife, or from port to port within Great Britain, for every £.100 of the produce and amount of the duties of customs due and payable thereon, (except as hcrcin-aftcr mentioned,) an additional duty of ......................................

NOTE,

Coals, videlicet,

—— used for smelting copper and tin ores within the counties of Cornwall and Devon, or which {hall be used in fire-engines for the draining water out of the mines of tin and copper ' within the county of Cornwall.

This additional duty on such coals shall be repaid in like manner as the other duties on coals fo ufed; and for the conditions, regulations, and restrictions under which

;• [1804

Drawback.

~ T " 1

DUTY.

£.

i* 10 0

thole

iS04'] Aono regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 53.  189

TABLE A. continutd.  duty,

coastwise.  £.  i.  d*

Coak continued.

thofe duties shall be fo repaid, See 9 Ann. cap. 6. 14 Geo. II. cap. 41.

—- used in calcining or smelting copper and lead ores within the Ifle of Anglefey, or which ihall be used in fire-engines for draining water out of the mines of copper and lead within the said file.

This additional duty on coals fo used (ball be repaid in like manner as the other duties on such coals are directed to be allowed by any aft or ads of parliailient whatever; and for the conditions, regulations, and reftri&ions, under which those duties shall be fo repaid. See 26 Geo. III. cap. 104.

— used for any purpose relating to carrying on the 'works for the manufacturing of tin plates, and for other purposes at Pennygored in the county of Pembroke, called the Pennygored Works.

This additional duty on coals fo ufed, shall be repaid under the conditions, regulations, limitations, and reftrkJtions, directed by the 35 Geo. III. cap. 39. and 43 Geo. III. cap. 70.

Cinders, Coals, and Culm, (hipped coaftwiie, at any port in Great Britain^ and delivered in any part beyond the feas, before the duties due ou the exportation thereof shall have been paid.

This additional duty on such cinders, coals, and culm, shall be repaid in like manner as the other duties on cinders, coals, and culm, lb (hipped and delivered; and for the conditions, regulations, and reftri&ions, under which the (aid duties shall be fo repaid. See 25 Geo. III. cap. 54.

This additional duty on goods, wares, and merchandize, brought or carried coaltwife, or from port to port in Great Britain is not to be charged on the produce and amount of the additional duties of cuftoms, granted by an ad of the tail session of parliament, intituled,

“An a£l for granting to bis Majesty, during the present war, and until the ratification of a' definitive treaty of peace, additional duties on the importation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, and on th« tonnage of (hips and vefTels in Great Britain."

Sec the Ad to which this Table is annexed.

Table

. Table (B.)

A Table of Additional.Duties of Cuftoms, payable on the Goods, Wares and Merchandize therein enumerated or described, imported into Gm Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to th Eajl Indies.

Sugar, for every £.too of the produce and amount of the duties of customs due and payable thereon, (except as herein-after mentioned), an additional duty of -

All other goods, wares, and merchandize, for every £. 100 of the produce and amount of the duties of customs due and payable thereon, except as hereinafter mentioned), an additional duty of -

Duty.  Drawback

£• *• d*  I.

12 XO O  12 10

12 IO O  

Except,

Cotton Wool.

Tea.

Wine.

Thefe additional duties are not to be charged on the prodace and amount of the additional duties of customs granted by an a& of the last session of parliament, intituled, “ An a£t for granting to his Majesty, during the present war, and until the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, additional duties on the importation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, and on the tonnage of (hips and veftels in Great Britain.” See the A dt to which this Table is annexed.

1S04.J AnooregniquadragcCmgquartoGEoRGiiIII. £4, ig%

Table (C.)

A Table of Additional Countervailing Duties of Cuftoms, payable on refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Ireland, imported from thence into Great Britain.

duty.

Sopr refined, viz.  £. s. d.

1 —Baftards, whole or ground, the hundred weight 0 2 6

— Lumps, the hundred weight  * -  - - o 4 8|  ,

- —Single Loaf, the hundrea weight -  -  0 5 o

* — Powder Loaf and double Loaf, the hundred

»  . -.  *  -  *  -0 5

—  Sugar Candy, viz.

■  -----■«---Brown, the hundred weight -048^

■  — ■> White, the hundred weight - o 5 4I

Supr refined of any other fort, the hundred weight 054!

Table (D.)

A Table of Additional Drawbacks or Bounties to be paid or allowed on the Exportation of refined Sugar of the,Manu» bcturc of Great Britain, exported from thence to Ireland.

Drawback of Bounty.

Sugar refined, viz.  £.  s.  d.

—-Baftards, whole or ground, the hundred weight 026

—  Lumps, the hundred weight -  -  -  o  4  8£

-—Single Loaf, the hundred weight -  -050.

—  Powder Loaf and double Loaf, the hundred

weight -  -  -  -  -054}

—  Sugar Candy, viz.

■  "  — Brown, the hundred  weight  -  o  4  8$

■ ■ - White, the hundred  weight  -  o  5  4i

Sugar refined of any other fort, the hundred weight -  o  5  4?

CAP. LIV.

In aft to consolidate and amend the provifms of the several alls r/+ kitig t$ corps of yeomanry and volunteers in Great Britain ; and tQ make further regulations relating thereto.—[ June 5,1804.]

WHEREAS an aft was pajfed in the forty-fecond year of the

reign of his present Majejly, intituled, An act to enable his 44 Geo* 3. Majesty to avail himself of die offers of certain yeomanry and volunteer corps to continue their fervices: and whereat an aft was faffed in the forty-third year of the reign of his present Majejly, intituled, An a& for authoriiUng the billetting of such troops 43 Ge°- 3* of yeomanry and volunteer cavalry as may be desirous 0f e.iax.and

aflembling

Where arms or accoutrements have not bten supplied to corps, the

194 Anno rcgniquadfagefimo quftrtoGEORGii HI. c 54. [1804J

VI.  Prcrvided always, and be it further enaded, That iqj every cafe in which any corps of yeomanry or volunteers, heretofore accepted or hereafter to be accepted, requiring any arms or accoutrements at the expence of his Majesty, shall not have been supplied with such arms or accoutrements in sufficient time

members who lo have enabled the members thereof, or of any part or propor-ed^ufterand t*011 any CQrPs> t0 have attended properly armed and exercise may accoutred at muster and exercife, according to the provisions of be returned as this ad, every member of such corps who {hall have duly attend-effective. ed muster and exercife, although without arms or accoutrements, shall nevertheless be deemed and taken to be, and may be returned pr certified to be, an effective member thereof, in like manner as if he had fo attended properly armed and accoutred.

VII.  Provided always, and be it further enaded, That ii shall be lawful for the commanding officer of any corps oi yeomanry or volunteers, in any cafe in which, on application

and such per- made for that purpose, it ftt?ll appear to him proper to grant, C°th** leave °f absence to any effective member of such corps, who may Full mfmberof be prevented from attending in. any period of four months the days of at- number of days of muster and exercise required by this ad, to tendance, shall grant such leave, and to return or certify such person fo-abfent m t^e next return or certificate; and every such person shall iii such cafe continue entitled to exemption as an effedive member; provided he shall in the fuccceding four months attend such number of days of muster and exercife, as will complete the full number of eight days' attendance if cavalry, or sixteen days if infantry, in the whole period of eight successive months; and in default of having fo attended eight times if in the cavalry, or sixteen times if in the infantry, in such eight successive months, he shall be struck out of the lift of effedive members, and returned in the mufter-roll as non-effedive, and shall be no longer entitled to any exemption under this ad, while fo returned.

. VIII. Provided aifo, and be it further enaded, That if any effedive member of any cprps of yeomanry or volunteers (hali have attended at the.ufual muster and exercise thereof, the full number of twelve days if cavalry, and twenty-four days if infantry, within any period of four successive months, commencing from any day appointed by this ad for making a return, or within any two successive periods of four months each

Commanding officers may grant leave of absence ;

be entitled to exemption as dfedives.

Members attending the full number of days yearly, though not m equal proportions e*ch period of four

months, to be commencing as aforef^id, every such person shall in such cafe entitled to continue entitled to exemption, and shall be returned as an exemption. effedive member for the periods for which he would have beca entitled to exemption, and to be returned as an effedive member in cafe he had, within such first period of four months, attended at the . muster and exercise of such corps, four days if cavalry, and eight days if infantry, and the like number of days in each of the two fuccceding periods, according to the provisions of this ad.

Commanding . IX. And be it further enaded. That all officers command-

officers to ing corps of yeomanry and volunteers (hall, on the first day of make returns  '  '  ju^

1804.] Annoregniqaadragefimo quarto Gboroii HI. c. 54.  193

ifttr the puffing thereof, fes to hit Majesty may hfereafter seem fit and proper) and to disband or discontinue the fervicet of any nrpt of yeomanry or volunteart now formed or hereafter to be (brand rope&ively, or of any parts of such corps, whenever it **TV,CCS °* my seem expedient to hit Majesty 1o to.do: provided always, rf'Srfore tL* tfiat the fervicet of all corps of yeomanry and volunteers accepted passing of than Wore the puffing of this ad shall be deemed to be continued aft, (ball be adsr the provisions thereof, unlefa his Majesty shall signify his deemed to be attrition of diibanding or discontinuing the fervicet of any^j^the , fich corps, by Uny order to be communicated by his Majesty's provifioiu I principal secretary of ftate.  thereof.

[ IV. And be it further enaded, That every perlon enrolled or Effeftive j t» be enrolled, and serving as an effedive member of any corps member* of of yeomanry or volunteers, in Gnat B, and who shall be yo?unteer °f duly returned or certified as such under this aft, shall be exempt corps to be from being liable to serve perfonally, or to provide a substitute exempt from is the militia of Great Britain, or in any additional force railed  in  ^

sr to be raised for foe deface of the realm and more vigorous Sther addi-pcofecution of the war, under any ad or ads of the last session tional forces of parliament, or under any ad or ads of the present or any but not to future session of parliament, and from (bpplying any vacancies extend to therein, and (ball remain fo exempted lb long as he shall con-tinue to be, and be returned or certified to be, an effedive fed than such member, in manner by this ad required, and no longer: pro- exemption tided always, foot nothing in this ad contained shall extend, or would not be be cooitnied to extend, ‘to entitle any member of any corps of ITgrcato-ywnaury or volunteers, to any exemption mentioned in this number than aft, in any cafe io which, in foe offer or acceptance of fervicethe eftabBth-tf sech corps, it shall have been specified that such exemptionmet>t* would not be efeumed by or allowed to the members thereof} or to entitle any greater number of persons in any corps, to any ORtnptiotto under this ad, than shall have been or shall be allowed as the eftsMifhed number of such corps.  . .

V.  Provided always, and be it further enaded. That no?°11P”™n perfect shall be deemed, confer ued, or taken to be an effedive number of any corps of yeomanry or volunteers, or shall be member who returned or certified as such by any commanding officer under does not duly tbit ad, or be entitled to any exemption, under any of the a f*r“ provisions thereof, who shall not have duly attended, properly ^ armed and accoutred, and mounted if cavalry, at the muster or left absent ocrcife of the corps to which he belongs, if cavalry four days, with leave, or M iafiaSSry eight days, at foe lead, in the course of the four-swath* next preceding each return made under this ad; un- ^ M an effec* lets he shall lave been absent with leave, under foe provisions live member, of tbit ad, or shall have been prevented by actual ficknefs, fetch &c. fidmefs to be certified by some medical praditioner, or otherwise proved to foe commanding officer of the corps to Ms fotif-fa&ion, nor undefs such periods shall be returned or certified I by his commanding officer, in manner directed by this ad, as ! an effedhre member, and as having taken the oath of allegi-

ance.

Vol. XLV.

VI.  Provided

O

196 Anno regni quadragcfimoquarto -GEoacu III. c. 54. [1804.

Field officers XI. And be it further euafled, That all field-officers and and adjutants adjutants pf volunteer corps, and every person serving b any corpsfUan?r c^P* of yeomanry or volunteer cavalry, who {hall be returned . perfon* ferv- in any such mutter ^roll, or be certified at aforesaid, as an ing in yeo- effc&ive member thereof, and as having used any horfe, mare, ft1 te^ °c£°m or  *or  /uc^  feryicc  during such day? of mutter and ex-

▼ilryfex-" erdlje as aforesaid, and every person providing a horfe, mare, or exnpted from gelding for any other person serving as an ctte&ive member in duty for any such corps who shall be returned as effective* and as having horjes used at ufC(j horfe, mare, or gelding, for such (ervice during fucb exerc^e^nd days of mutter and exercifc, shall be exempt from the payment also persons  of ai>y duties in relpedt of such horfe, naare, or gelding, fo

providing  long as such horfe, mare, or gelding shall be fo used by an

them 5 and all effective member as aforefaid; and every person enrolled and members of  .ferving in any corps of yeomanry or volunteer cavalry or volun*

yeomanry  teer infantry, who shall be returned in any such mutter-roll

and voluutee^ under this ad, as an efiedive member thereof, shall be exempt thePhair^m ^r0Q1 die payment of the duty chargeable in respect of such pcr-powder duty. Ton wearing hair-powder, fo long as he shall continue an effective member of such corps: provided always that every such exemption from duty as aforefiud shall be returned and claimed in the manner in which exemptions are dineded to be returned and claimed by an ad patted in the Uft session of par-45 Oto. j. Jiauieot, intituled, An a8 for repealing the several duties under tin c*1 f* management of the commifftoners for the affairs of taxes, and gram-ing new duties in lieu thereof % for granting neu) duties in certain tofts therein mentioned; for repealing the duties of excifo on licence and on carriages conjlryfted by coachmakers, and granting new dutin thereon, under the management of the said commiffmen for the offun pf taxes; and also new duties on persons felling carriages by auQ'm Commanding pr on cemmiffien •* provided alfo, that the commanding officer of f«ch corpsihalL, btfow(be fifth, <j.v-of  fucceeding

certificates  the patting of this ad,  and between the fifth day of April and

to the fur.  the fifth day of May* in  every fooceeding year, deliver or caufe

veyor of the  to be delivered to any  forveypr or injpedor of taxes of the

form^nfcbe! district wherein such corps ttullbe enrolled, or of any adjoining dule (E.) • and diftrid, a certificate in the form in the ichedule to this ad annex-inicrt therein jed, marked (E.); and in cafe the lame shall be a corps of the names of yeomanry or volunteer cavalry, and any of the horfes, mares, or ?fdin ”h Sc^ing^ used by any effedive member thereof for service therefor o&cw and *n> be provided by any other person or perfons, fucb com-affidavits of manding officer shall also insert in fcch certificate the names of the persons fo the several persons who shall provide any such horfes, mares, or furniriied  geldings, and shall also  annex to such certificate, affidavits of

Uannewd  ^ ^v*rsd P*rfpns serving in such corps, for whom any horfes,

mares, pr geldings, (ball be provided, declaring refpc&ivety by ,  whom the falfce are provided ; and every person claiming to be

exempted from the said duties shall be charged ami chargeable thereto, pnlcfs such certificate a* aforesaid, and also such affidavits in cafes where the fame are hereby required, shall have been delivered pursuant to the provisions of thia adt* whiph certifi--  cates

A

Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 54.  197

cites, made up, returned, and certified, according to the form thereof in the said fchechile marked (£.),, ihall be deemed to be diffident and valid for the purpose of proving such claims to exemption as aforesaid : provided always, that if, from jmy varia- Where the tion of circumstances or other reafoit, the said forms hereby re- J^b-ed quired cannot be strictly adhered to, any inftroments of a similar JjSherS0* ksport may nevertheless be admitted and received in proof as a>, inftru-i/brcfaid, at the diferetion of the respective commifioncrs acting menu of a in the execution of the above-mentioned aft of the last feflfon of fimil^import parliament for the district wherein stich corps shall be enrolled ; md when fo admitted and received, shall be as valid for the purpofos aforesaid,. as if a certificate and* affidavit had been deli* vertd according to the directions of this aft.  .  v

XII.  Provided always, and be it further enaftecT, That no^e^^(|rro. members of any corps of yeomanry or volunteers mall be en- exemptions tided to any exemptfon Under this aft, unless the commanding unle& the efieer thereof (hall, at the times of tranfinitting the mufter-rolls

in manner directed by this aft, certify at the foot thereof that fi€SCin the " such corps has been infpefted, at least once in the (pace of the muster rolls preceding four months, by some general or field officer of his that it has Msjeft/s regular forces; or if such inspection shall not have  to

taken place, that such corps has been ready and willing to be fo i^infpcaed. inspected at its usual place or places and times of meeting.  to

XIII.  And be it further enacted, That no toll shall be de- be demand**

manded or taken at any turnpike-gate or bar for any horfes, for any horse mares, or geldings, rode by any person belonging to any corps ro^? bX anf of yeomanry, or by any field officer or (faff officer of volunteers, ^^Vfyeo-in going to any place for the purpose of exercife, or returning manry, or by therefrom; any thing in any aft or afts to the contrary not- anv field or withftanding: provided always, that every such person shall be officer of drelTed in the uniform of his corps, and have his armd and ac- loin* toex-coutrements according to the regulations provided for such fretfe, Ac. corps at the time of claiming such exemption from toll as afore- dressed in £jd'  uniform, and.

XIV.  And be it further enacted. That the cTerks of the ^^u^red^ general meetings of the several counties in Great Britain (hall* ckiknjf the within ten days after they shall receive such certificate and re- general turns as aforesaid, transmit to the clerks of the subdivision meetings to meetings, extract* therefrom, containing the names of the per- transmit -fons in each subdivision returned therein as effective members;

and dull alfo, three times in every year, transmit to his to the ful>«

Majefty's principal secretary of ftate, abftrafts, in the form in divifion

the schedule to this aft annexed, marked (D.), of the several clerks, and

mufter-rolls fo sent to them respectively under this aft 5 which fccretary

abftrafts shall express the names of the several corps, the number 0f ftate. *

of perfofts enrolled and fervihg in each corps, and the number

of such persons therein as are ^exeittpted from serving in the

militia or other additional forefe refpeftively; and if aftv such Penalty for

clerk shall omit.or neglect to tiranfmif such abftrafts as afore-tranf-

(aid, of all the returns received b^htYh, within fix weeks after the

period prefcribed~t>y this-aft'for mdkfrfg returns, or shall know"- fending faUb

Penalty on commanding officers making fal fe re-

198 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 54. [1804.

ingly or wilfully transmit any false abftraSs, such clerk (hall; forfeit and pay (or every such offence the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered as any like penalty may be recovered under any a&s' relating to the militia, and, to go to and be applied to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors.

XV.  And be it further ena&ed, That every commanding officer of any corps of yeomanry or volunteers as aforesaid, who shall knowingly make any false return of any mutter-roll of such turn# or giving porps, or give any false certificate under this aft, shall forfeit for false certifi- every such offence the sum of two hundred pounds ; to be re-catcs* • covered as any like penalty may be recovered under any a its relating to the militia, and to go and be applied to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors.

When the . XVU And be it further enacted, That the lieutenants and proportionsof deputy lieutenants of every county, when they fix, at any gene-SCfcnre inXC<i ra* mcel,nS> *he proportions, of men to serve in the militia, or the militia or any such additional force, for the several hundreds or other divi-any additional fions, (halt dedudfc the number of yeomanry and volunteers force, such at exempted as aforesaid from the number of perforis liable to the Sll beSe^ ballot, and apportion the quotas for the several divisions accord-du&ed, and ingly"; and the deputy lieutenants at their respective subdivision meetings shall in like manner apportion the quotas for the several parishes, tythings, and places: provided always, that when a greater number of men are actually serving for any divifion, p^riflytything, or place, than would be due from it according to the last made apportionment, the surplus shall not be difeharged, but, as vacancies occur, such vacancies shall be supplied from such divifions, parishes, tythings, or places, as by the last made apportionment are most deficient.

XVII. And be it further enabled, That nothing in this aA or in any other a As contained shall exempt any person enrolled or serving in any corps of yeomanry or volunteers from being ballotted to serve in the militia, or any such additional force as aforesaid { and the deputy-lieutenants at their respective fubdivi-1 ciu oc ^lon mect*nSs Ihall enter, into a separate lift, the names of all given*to*fuch P*rf°ns who shall have been chofen, by ballot to serve in the afe are chofen, militia, or such additional force as aforesaid, during the periods who shall he of such persans being exempt, from service under this a<3, in the order in which they shall be fo chofen, and (hall, notwithftand-Ia c o ervc irig such exemptions, give notice thereof to the persons fo chofeq; but shall at the fame time apprize such persons that they. are exempted from such service fo Jpng as they shall continue effejflive members of such corps of yeomanry or volun-teers; and every such person (hall, if he shall quit such corps, deprive them or be discharged therefrom by his commanding officer for non-of any other attendance or any misconduct or misbehaviour under the pro-yifions of this a<$, during thp cqnti nuance, of the present war, or until fix months after thq exchange of the ratifications of a definitive treaty of peace, be imftiediafely liable to fehreforthe full period of service for which. he shall have been chosen by ballot; and every such person (hall# id the reorder in which he

(hall

the quotas apportioned accordingly, See.

Perfons enrolled in the yeomanry or volunteers not to be exempted from ballot, and notice to be

on quitting the corps or being discharged for tmlconduft, but not to

exemptions they may be fenbtlcd to.

iSo4>] Annoregniquadragefimoquarto Georgii III. c. 54.  199

flnIJ have been entered on such lifts, fill up any vacancy that nay then be, or may hereafter arife, in such'militia or additional face as aforesaid, in and for the subdivision for which he shall originally have been baliotted, and shall immediately on any such ractncy arifing, be enrolled to ferve, or find a substitute to serve in such militia or additional force as aforesaid for such full period of fcrrice as aforesaid, 10 commence from the time of his enrolment or finding a substitute as aforesaid ; and every such person who shall refuse or negle<Sfc fo to ferve, or find a substitute to fave, shall be liable to all the penalties, forfeitures, and provisos contained in any adt or ads relating to the militia or such  '

additional force, for neglecting or refuting to serve or find a fubftitute: provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to deprive any such person who may, at the time of his being summoned to attend for the purpose of being enrolled, or of finding a substitute to serve 25 aforesaid, be entitled to any other exemption, from serving in the militia or other additional force as aforesaid, from claiming and having the full benefit of such exemption.

XVIII.  Provided always, and be it further enacted. That no Effective member of any corps of yeomanry or volunteers who shall have.nJeiJ?bef* been chosen by ballot to serve in the militia or other additional cont|. force as aforesaid, and who shall have been exempted from ferv- nuing'to serve jng by reason of his being an effective member of such corps, in yeomanry and who shall continue to serve as an effective member thereof or volunteer during the continuance of the present war, and until fix months

after the exchange of the ratifications of a definitive treaty of not liable to" peace, (hall, on quitting or being discharged from such corps serve at the after the expiration of the said terms, be liable to ferve, or to e£pirar ?n Sod a substitute to ferve, by reason of .any such ballot, or to fup- ^afon of^ ply any vacancy that may arise in the militia or such additional suchballQt« force as aforesaid, by reason of having been inserted in any such lift as aforefaid; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding: provided always, that every such person shall thenceforth be liable to be chosen by ballot, and to serve in the other militia or such other additional force as aforesaid, in like manner as if he had not before been chosen by ballot to serve therein.

XIX.  Provided alio, and be it further enabled, That where Volunteers any person who (hall,1 on account of changing his place of refi- cor^^fncTcn-dence to any other parifti or diftridi, quit any corp9 of yeomanry them^ or volunteers in which he shall have been an effective member, selves in an-and entitled to exemption as such up to the time of his quitting other, to

the fame, (ball, within ten days after he shall quit such~ corps, enroll himself in any other corps of yeomanry or volunteers, every attendance such person (hall, upon producing to the commanding officer of and to have the corps in which he shall have last enrolled himself a certifi- the benefit cate of the number of days on which be shall have attended the |j5crco” mutters and exercise of the corps which he has fo quitted (Which and^f aftert * certificate the commanding officer thereof is hereby required towards chosen give), be entitled to the benefit of the number of days specified in hy ballot r* such certificate, and shall and may, on completing the number fcnrc **the

aoa Anno rtgni qwd&gefimo quarto Gsorgii III. c. 54.  804.

fubdivifion of days of attendance at mutter and exercise required by~ this ad, belongs to *ft t^ie corPs ia which he shall have last enrolled him Gulf, be enti-be exempt ded to be returned, and shall be returned as an efiedavo member frontfervice of such corps, and shall continue to be entitled to exemption as in the fubdi- foch in like manner as if he had, from the time of hia enrolment corps which he shall have quitted, been an effedkive mem-' ber of the corps in which be shall have last enrolled himfelf: pro* vidcd always, that if the corps in which such person shall have last enrolled himfelf, and the corps which he shall have quitted, shall not belong to the fame fubdivifion, and such peribn shall at any time thereafter be chosen by ballot to serve in the militia or such additional force as aforesaid, for the subdivision so which the corps io which he shall have last enrolled himself shall belong, such peribn shall no longer be liable to serve or to Sod a fubfti-tute to serve in the militia or such additional force, for the Cub-divifion to which the corp6 which he shall have quitted (ball belong, although he may have been chosen by ballot to serve for such laft-menttoned fubdivifion.

Volunteers to XX. And be it further cnaded. That ©Very person enrolled in ofallegfancc anY corps of yeomanry or volunteers before the patting of this who shall not have taken the oath of ailegiaoce required by an a£t of the last session of parliament, and every person who shall be enrolled in any such corps after the patting of this ad, shall take the oath of allegiance to his Majesty j and such oath may and shall be adminittered to all such persons as shall have been enrolled in any such corps of yeomanry or volunteers before the patting of this aSty and who shall not have taken the fame as fbon as may be ^iter the paflipg thereof, and to all such persons as shall be enrolled in any such corps after the patting of this ad, as Soon By whom it a^ may be after their enrolment in such corps, by any deputy-admi“ lieutenant orjuttice of the peace, or by any comraiflioned officer n erca. of such corps.

Adjutants, XXI. And be it further ena&ed, That such of the adjutant^ ferjeant-ma- ferjcant-majors, drill-ferjeants, and ferjeants, serving in any corps ^#» and ^ of yeomanry or volunteers, as receive the constant pay of their receive con- ran^ therein, and all trumpeters, bugle men, and drummers, ft ant pay, shall serving in any such corps, and receiving any pay as such therein, be fuhjed to from his Majesty or otherwife, either at any daily or weekLy rate, •amdSd- and aUb al| » rriers being attested and serving in any such corps, >«d receiving any such pay therein, shall at all times be subject to any a& which shall be in force far punching mutiny and de-fertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters , and to the articles of war established for the better government of bis Majesty's forces, and shall be liable to be tried for any crime committed against such a& or articles of war, by any Court*-mar- general or detachment or regimental court-martial, according to *”ftdofveo^*™e nature *"d degree of the offence, in like manner and manry or vo- un£^cr the like regulations as adjutants, ferjeant-majors, ferjeants, lunteer oflU, corporals, or drummers of his Majeffy's militia forces: provided cer» j and no always, that every such court-martial shall be composed wholly awarded^ <*®cfrs l^e yeomanry or volunteer eftablifltment ; and tbit

1804,] Aopo rogpi qotdngeGtto quarto GeorcuIII, c. 54.  tot

no paaidnnent awarded by focb court-martial shall attend to them shall ex-life or Juab, accept when Uich corps are called out in cafes of in- J?J{j t°x™^r tafioo, or appesrsoce of an enemy in force upon the epaft. on Wrt»m oo-XXII. Aw) be it further coaled* That in all cafes of actual cafions. itrafion, or appearance of any enemy in force on the coast of in cafe* of Gner  Britain,or of rebellion or infutre&ion anting or exiting hivafion, fee.

within the fame on the appearance of any enemy in force on the

or during any invafion, all corps of yeomanry or volun-ln<j mirch«<s.

! imi (hall, whatever they shall be summoned by the lieutenants cording to tho tf die counties in which they shall be refpedUvely formed, or their term* of thefr vice-lieutenants, or deputy-lieutenants, or upon the making of^jj,n£fjeft” i lay general ttgosls of ahem, forthwith aflemblc within their rc^^D^j^,,,.

■ ipe&ive diftrufte, and (ball he liable to march according to the ed deferter*« terms and conditions of their rtfpedtive fervioea, whether the Such corps bate (ball extend to any part of Great , or bo limited tofijwea tothe any county, city, town, or place therein j and all per- mutiny laws fern then enrolled in auy such corps, snot labouring under any and artide* infirmity incapacitating them from military ferrice, and not hold- of war; ing a comnaiffioa or serving in any of his Majesty's other forces, or m any other such corps of yeomanry or volunteers, and actually joining such corps, who mall refofeor neglect to join their idj>e&i«e corps, and to assemble and march therewith upon any fiich fommons or goners! signal of alarm as aforefeid, (ball ho deemed deferters, and (baU befubjed to punifoment as such} and all foch corps of yeomanry and volunteers, and all officers, and non-commiffiontd officers, drummers, and private men therein^ (hall, upon and from the time of such fommons, or of (kb general fignajs of alarm being made as aforefeid, and until the enemy (ball be defeated and expelled, and all rebellion or in-(uncetioo then exiting within Great Britain shall be fupprefled,

(the tone to be signified by bis Majesty's proclamation,) continue and be fobjeft to all the pcovifions contained in any a& of parliament then in force for the pundbment of mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, and to any articles of was made in pursuance thereof, in all cafes whatever.

XXHL And be it further enabled. That whenever any corps efyeoauntyor volunteers (ball, with the approbation of his jetty, figoined through his principal secretary of ftate, volun- or marching tardy aUeoMe or march to do military duty upon any appear- to do miEtaiy aoce of invafion, or for the purpofo of improving themfelvea in military exercife, except in the cafe hereinafter specified as to herem»ft«r corps of yeomanry cavalry, or shall voluntarily march on being fpecified. called upon in purfoance of any qnjer from the lieutenant or Cberiff of the county, to ufil within the county or adjacent counties for the suppression of riots or tumults, all fucla corps of yeo-nanry or volunteers (ball, in all such cafes, from the time of fo iffembling or marching as aforesaid,. and during the period of their remaining on Aich military duty, or being engaged in such service as aforefeid, be fobjedt to military discipline, and to all the provifiona of any ift then in force for the puniflament of mutiny

ana

other regiment.

No officer of volunteer!

lot Ahno regni quadragefimo quarto Geoigii III. c. 54. [1804

and defertian, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, and to any articles of war made in pursuance thereof. His Majesty XX IV. And be it further enacted, That in all cafes in which cor*Sunder* an^ corPs arc. assembled or marched, on any fumtnons orgesail SePcoimnund Signal of alarm, or are voluntarily doing military duty as of such gene- laid, under any of the provisions of this a&, it shall be lanMfar ral officer as his Majesty to put such corps under the command of such genrii ^tnt*b ifto °®cers as Majesty shall from time to time be pleafedtoi^ KChdr P°*nt f°r that purpose, or as shall be then commanding in the refpt/iivc of- districts in which such corps shall refpedtivdy be affembW, ficei b; and  marched, or doing military duty: provided always, that f«h

n°effi:dtive  corps ihall be led by their rfcfpedtive officers, under such com*.

ballade to*be man<* 38 aforefaid; and no person enrolled or serving in any fuck placed in any volunteer corps, fo long as the service of such corps shall be coo* tinued by his Majesty, and as such person shall remain an eftc* tive member thereof, shall be liable to be placed in any regime^ battalion, or corps of regulars, militia, or fencibles, without hi free consent first had and obtained.

________________  XXV,  Provided  always,  and  be  it  further enacted, That ot

ftaU fitonthe officer of any corps of yeomanry or volunteers shall fit on aof trial of any court-martial upon the trial of any officer or soldier of hi officer or tol- Majesty's other forces; nor shall any officer serving in any d ©therVorcea, Majesty's other forces fit on any court-martial upon the trid andcontrari- of any officer, noncommiflioned officer, drummer, trumpet^ wife.  or private man, in any corps of yeomanry or volunteers.

Rank of of- XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all officers in corps of yeomanry or volunteers, having com mi (Eons from his Majcfy or lieutenants of counties, or others who may be fpecrally autbo* rifed by his Majesty for that purpose, shall rank with the officcri of his Majesty's regular and militia forces as the youngeftof their respective ranks.

XXVII.  And be it further enacted. That it shall be lavtiii for any commanding officer of any corps of yeomanry or voiun. tcers, when not summoned or assembled upon actual service in ok of invasion or appearance of the enemy in force upon thecoaft, to di(charge any member of the corps under his command, not members, not being a commissioned officer, for any difobediencc of orders, or ttiffionedof- breach °f difeipline while under arms, anda!fo for any negledtcf fleers, for dif* attendance and duty, or mifeondudt, or improper behaviour asi obedience of member of his corps, or for other sufficient caufe, the cxiftenc?

and fufficicncy of such several causes respectively being to be judged of by such commanding officer, and immediately to ftnkt such person out of the mufter-roll of the corps to which he (Ml belong: provided always, that every such person shall remain liable to all the provisions of this ad, as to compelling the payment of any fubferiptions, or arrears of fubfeription, or fines aiid forfeitures, incurred before or at the time of such difeharge, and as to the delivering up and restoring of arms, accoutrements, and cloathing as hereinafter mentioned : provided alfo, that nothin; herein contained shall extend, or be conftrueci to extend, ro ab*

ficers of the volunteer*.

Commanding officers of • corps, when net on actual fervice, may difeharge

orders, &c.

Aft not to aftV ft a; y re

^roved'by'ilu ro8ate or a®5& aBy r*dc* or regulations of any such corps which '• - 1  have

proi

Mai

ijeftyj

I  804.] Amoregfri quadragefimo quarto*Gbobgii ITT. c. 54.  203

hire been or maybe Approved by bis Majesty; and which are or oiaj be applicable to the discharge of any member of any corps when not summoned or assembled upon actual fervice: provided alfo, that nothing herein contained (ball be construed nor to pre-toextend to prevent his Majesty from signifying his pleasure in frorn**-fab manner, and giving directions with respect to any such cafe}* n*fyjng cf difcharge, or in respect to any rules and regujations with pW.»fUrere-to any cafes of difcharge, as to his Majesty shall appear fpefting dif-toft iaft and proper,  charges, &c.

XXVIII.  Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Where such where the rules and regulations, approved or to be approved by notprw-

•iis Majesty, of any such corps, shall not provide for any such ^ for any 'dies of mifcondudt, disobedience of orders, or breach of dif-cafc of rnif-dpline while under arms, it shall be lawful for any command :ngc°ndll<^ Uf£ officer, in any such cafe of misconduct under arms as aforcfaid,col^uidinr todiiallow to the person fo mifcondudting himself the day on0fficcr may" which he shall have (b mifcondudted himfelf, as a day of attend- disallow the incc, for the purpose of entitling him to any exemption under d*y on which the provisions of this adt, and to direct that he shall forfeit one conducted1111^ day's pay, in cafes where any pay is allowed, or either to dif- himself ™ a allow any such day of attendance, or to direct the forfeiture of day of attend* one day's pay, as such commanding officer shall in bis diferetion anc^> Rethink fit, and which pay such person fo mifcondu&ing himself shall forfeit accordingly,  .  .

XXIX.  And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Perfons m\U paffmg of this adt, every person who shall not during the times

of training and exercife, or of his being under arms, or wearing during cxer-the doatbing or accoutrements of the corps, and going to any cife,&c. may place of exercise or assembly of the corps, conduct himself in a Reordered decent and orderly manner, or shall not obey the lawful com-into mini of the officer or officers commanding, may be ordered by such officer into the custody of any person or persons belonging to such corps, for the time during which such corps shall then remain under arms,

XXX.  And whereas doubts have ariftn as to the right of persons enrolled in corps of yeomanry or volunteers to withdraw themselves from or quit the fame, and it is expedient that such doubts Jhould be

rmtved; for remedy whereof, be it therefore declared and Volunteers

cnafted. That, from and after the passing of this adt, it shall be

lawful for any person enrolled in any corps of yeomanry or called

volunteers, at any time (except when fummoned, or aiTembled out in cafe of

upon actual fervice, in cafe of actual invasion or appearance of invafion, &c.

the enemy in force upon the coaft, or voluntarily aiTembled for

the purpose of doing military duty, under any of the provifions,

or in any of the cafes fpecined in this act) to quit such corps,

and such person shall accordingly be (truck out of the mufter-

foll of such corps in the manner and under the conditions

hereinafter mentioned.

XXXI.  Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, but not with-from and after the passing of this adt, no such person shall be

entitled to quit any such corps wiftoqt giving fourteen days notice qllit> nor

in arms, dec.

204 A*bo regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 54. [1804

(hall have been in writing of fachhis intention, to the commanding officer thereof SS-y nor unt^  ^avc ^e**v*1^ UP 10  commanding office!

paid* et or to fomo person appointed by him to receive the tame, d arms, accoutrements, cfaathing, and appointments, that (ba| have been furnilhed to him at thepublick expence, ortyanj ocher perfon, or at the charge of any subscription for fumiihm; such articles, in good order and condition (reafonabte wear an) tear only excepted), and shall haye paid all fubferiptions, an arrears of fubferiptions, and also all fines and penalties incifrre by him, under any of the rules and regulations of his corp; either before or at the time of or by reason of his quitting fuc Volunteers, corps: provided always, that if any perfoir enrolled in any corf not receiving of yeomanry or volunteers, other than and except the perfoe content pay, hereinbefore mentioned ars receiving the constant pay of the hbl^efty^s ran^» at time hereafter enllft in any of his Majesty forces, &c. forces, or shall enroll hitnfelf as a fobftitute or volunteer in x\ shall be confi- militia or any such additional force as afore&id, every sue person (hall, immediately after such enlisting or enrolment, fc ”a,gede considered as discharged to all intents and purpofos from fuc corps of yeomanry or volunteers; and the commanding office of such corps of yeomanry or volunteers (hall,* upon such en lifting or enrolment being duly notified to him*'and upoi receiving back from such person the arms, accoutrements cloathing, and appointments of such person in the manner before mentioned, strike the namo of such person out of the muftcr-ml of such corps of yeomanry or volunteers, and shall fpcciallj certify the fame in the next return to be made under die provi-fions of this aft.

Perfon* quit- XXXII. Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, Thai 00 * th£rdif_ every person who shall quit any corps of yeomanry or volun-chargcd^or" teers, or be discharged therefrom for non-attendance, or an] roifeonduft, mifeonduft or misbehaviour as aforesaid, shall immediate!) shall become thereupon, unless otherwise exempted, become liable to ferve, il •Utl^l°Tf Ve be have before been chosen or shall thereafter be chosen 2c.and‘toia' by ballot, in the militia or such additional force ae aforefaid; pay tb$ duties and (ball also immediately become liable to such Of the duties on horses and chargeable in relied of keeping or using any horfe, mare, or teir^wder • 8e^*n8» or wearing hair-powder, for which such person (halt and Inch quit- have acquired any right of exemption for the year ending on ting or dll- the fifth day of April next after the time of his quitting or being charge (ball be discharged from such corps ; and the commanding officer ot g£SiU evei7 **ucb corPs forthwith certify the quitting or difiharge ing officer to" such person to the clerk of the general meetings of the county the clerk of in which such corps shall bo formed, and also to the aSkffor of the general the said duties for the parish or place in which such person shall rc^e* and foch afleffor shall forthwith deliver such certificate of the duticefr to the surveyor of the district in which such parish or place shall who shall de- be fituate, who shall certify the fame to the commissioners fiver the cer- acting in the execution of the before-recited aft for the fame '  diftrift, who shall forthwith caufo such exemption to be dif-

y *  *  allowed, and the afieflment of such perfon, if any fucb affeflroent

(hall

jSo4.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgu Ilf. c. 54. 205 shall before have been made, to be amended, or otherwise a new ifleffinent to be made in respect of such duties for such year lading as aforefiid.

XXXIil. Provided alfo, and be it farther enafted, That ft Perfona think-Ml be lawful for any person who may have given notice* in inS tkmfelvea voting to the commanding officer of his corps, of his intention ^Smanding fertfign, and whorftay think himself aggrieved by reason of any officer refuu kk commanding officer refufmg to strike his name out of any ing to strike ink mufter-roll, oh account of any subscription or arrears oftheir 2^e§ Ascription, or any fines, penalties, or forfeitures not having J^to-nSls ken paid, or of any arms, accoutrements, doathing, or appoint- may appeal to teems not having been delivered up, or not having been deli- two deputy veted up in good state and condition, or on any other account lieutenant!, wharfoever, to appeal to any two deputy lieutenants of the fub- jnuffic^who division in which such corps shall have been formed v or of any mJay deter-tdjotning fubdivilion, or to any one deputy lieurenant and one mine the iiune. /office of the peace, a ding within any such fubdivifion, (not king members of such corps); and it shall be lawful for such deputy lieutenants and justices of the peace aforesaid to heir and determine such appeal, and to examine any person of persons thereon, upon.oath (which oath such deputy lieutenant* and justices of the peace aforesaid refpeftively, are herefiy authored to adminifter), and to discharge such perfon*from such corps if they flaall think, under all the circumflances, that such person hath complied with the proviftons of this aft, and to order the commanding officer forthwith to strike such person out » of the mufter-roll of such corps, or to order and direft the payment of any such Aim of money as may appear to them ougnt to be paid by such perfon, in respect of any fueh fobfeription or arrears, or fines, penalties, or forfeitures as aforesaid, or to order and direft the delivery of any arms, accoutrements, doathing, or appointments, or the .payment of any such sum of money as shall appear to them to he reafonable, for any loss of arms, accoutrements, doathing, or appointments, or any damage that may have been done thereto before such difeharge; . and all such sums of money shall *and may be levied, recovered, and applied, in like manner, as any like fines, penalties, forfeitures, or sums of money, may be recovered and applied; and the determination of such deputy lieutenants and justices of the peace aforesaid shall be final and Conclufive to all intents and purposes whatever*

XXXIV.  And be it further enaftod, That fo much of an aft, nuichof passed in the Iaft session of parliament, intituled, An act to amend 0« aft9 made in this present fejfion of parliament, intituled, 4 fln aft iatcs to the to amend and render more tffiftual an aft, passed in the prejent session allowance to §f parliament intituled, 44 An act to enable bis Majtfty more efleftualty perfom em-to provide fer the defenct and security of the realm during the present war; and for indemnifying perfom who may fufler in their property tecr c^p, [n by fitch nuafures as may be ntceflary for that furpofe4 and to the ufc of enable his Moyefly more effeftuady and speedily to exercise bis ancient ^ms> repealed undoubted prerogative, in requiring the military fxrvice of bis**'

liege

206 Annoregm quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c.54. [1804.

liege fuljeth in cafe of invasion of the realm,' as directs that the sum of two shillings and fix-pence per day shall be allowed to any serjeant or other person employed by any commanding officer for the purpose of inftm&ing any volunteer corps in the use of arms, and directs the manner in which such sums fha/J be paid, and imposes any penalties in cafe of the non-payment thereof, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed,

A& not to . XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That defence nothing in this adt contained shall extend, or be construed to than hereby extcn^> ,n any manner, to alter, vary, or repeal any of the pro-altered. visions of any of the ads passed in the lass session of parliament relating to the defence of the realm, and for the purpose of enabling his Majesty more effeduallv and speedily to exercise his ancient and undoubted prerogative in requiring the military service of his liege fubjeds, in cafe of invasion of the realm, except fo far as any of such provisions are hereby expressly altered, varied, or repealed.

When volun- XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That when any corps jfcmbkdTon yeomaDry or volunteers shall have assembled on any summons fummons of of any lieutenant of the county in which they shall be refpec-the county*  lively formed, or his vice-lieutenant or deputy lieutenants, or

lieutenant,  upon the making any general signal of alarm as aforesaid, the

ceivw-eencral rece*ver“gcnera^ of *hc rates anc^ duties under the management of the duties  of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes for the county,

under the  riding, or place, if in England, and the colicdor of the cess of

commiffioners the county, if in Scotland, to which such corps shall belong, shall In tend* and anc* *5 ^icr^y required to pay to the captain or other com-the^colledor landing officer of any troop or company of such corps, the sum of the cess in of two guineas, for the use of every volunteer in such trbopor / Scotland, shall company who Ihall fo affemble; and whenever any such corps ca^tain^of  hereafter  voluntarily assemble to do military duty upon any

the troop or appearance of invafion, or^for the purpose of improving them-company two selves in military exercise under the provisions of this ad, it guineas for shall be lawful for the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury to Md'when vo- order and diredfc that any fum, not exceeding one guinea for hintarily af- ** every volunteer who shall fo affemble, shall be paid to the cap-fembled, the tain or othej commanding officer of every troop or company of treasury may such corps; and such fum, not exceeding one guinea, (hall, foeach* to be uPon cvcry fuc^ order, be paid, by every such receiver-general paid In like * or colledtor aforesaid, to the captain or commanding officer of manner. each troop or company as aforefaid; and the money fo received, in any of the cafes aforesaid, by any captain or other commanding officer, or fo much thereof as such captain or other commanding officer shall think ncceffary, shall be laid out in providing ncccf-Captains to faries for each such volunteer; and such captain or commanding *CC°fot th^C °®cer within one month after the receipt of such money, e account to the several persons for whose use the fame shall have been received, how the fame hath been applied or disposed of, and shall at the time of settling such account pay the remainder, if any, to the persons entitled thereto; and all the money fo paid by any receivers-general or, collectors aforesaid shall be allowed

them

iSof] Anno regni quadragcfiino quarto Gsorgii III. c. 54.  207

them in their accounts; and all persons whatever who (hall

hire given anj orders or directions for the payment, or who

fell have paid, for the life of any person in any such corps who

fall have voluntarily afTetnbled as aforesaid before the paffing

of this ad, any sum not exceeding one guinea for each such

volunteer, shall be and are hereby indemnified: provided always, *n<? not to

fat nothing herein contained shall extend to authorise the of men

apain of any such troop or company to demand, draw for, or not desiring it.

necive any (uch fum, or any part thereof, for the use of any

perfon or persons serving therein, who shall .not desire to be

entitled to the benefit thereof.

XXXVII. And be it further ena&ed,. That all persons en- Volunteers, rolled in any corps of yeomanry or volunteers, when afletfibled J*hcn aflem-as aforesaid on any invasion or appearance of the enemy in force ^clnt*a* oaihecoaft, or for the suppression of rebellion or in fur region, rccejvc pa„ or when voluntarily afleitibled, and doing jnilitary duty, with and be billet-the approbation of his Majesty, under any of the provisions of a8 °ther this ad, shall be entitled t;o and shall receive pay during the forcc8* periods of their fo remaining assembled as aforesaid, in such aanner and after such rates, according to their respective ranks and iituations in such corps, and he entitled to be quartered and* billctted, in like manner, in every respect and under and fubjcCt to the fame regulations,' as the officers, non-commiffioned officer*, drummers, and private men of his Majesty's other forces, as far as the fame shall by his Majesty be deemed applicable (0 yeomanry and volunteer corps.

XXXvIII. And be it further enabled, That whenever any an.£ their fa-corps of yeomanry or volunteers shall be fo assembled or  to  the

marched as aforesaid on any invafion, or appearance of an fame relief as raemy in force upon the coaft, or in cafe of any 'rebellion or the families of infuiredion arising or existing as aforesaid, or of riots or tumults, militia-meu. or for the purpose of voluntarily doing military duty under any t of the provisions of this a&, all persons enrolled therein who shall join on such assembling and marching as aforesaid, and who shall leave families unable to support themfelves, (hall, during the period of their absence or service on military duty as aforesaid, be entitled to such and the like relief for their wives and families, and under such and the like circumftances, as are mentioned in two several adts, palled in the last session of parliament, for providing relief for the families of militia-men in ~

England and Scotland refpedtively, when called out into actual fervice*, and for that purpose, all the rules,. regulations, provifions, powers, authorities, penalties, and forfeitures, in the said lad mentioned ads respectively contained, shall extend and be construed to extend to the giving such relief as aforesaid, as fully and effectually as if the fame were herein enadted; provided Mon,7. y h always, that all sums of money which shall be advanced and f^Hes^in10 paid to the wives and families of such men, in England, under Enghnd, to any order for that purpose, ft)all, upon delivery of a quarterly be repaid to account* of the payment thereof, .certified..*fld signed by two *hc °verfecr* justices of the. peace of the county in which such relief shall be received-1111 T

given, general.

ao8 Anno tegui quadragelimo quarto Gxoacii III. c. $4. [1804.

given, be repaid to the overseer or overfcers, or psrilh officer or officers, eyho shall have advanced the fame, by the receiver* general of filth county, out of any pubiick money io his handt, and shall be allowed in the account of such receiver«generil; Noafleff- provided alfo, that no assessment shall be made to nuke good , made in Scot* <*'c amount of any sums paid for such relief to such wives md land for re- families in Scotland under this ad, in the manner drreded by tech payment of laft-mentioned atft relative to Scotland, to snake good the ism *®ch money, paid to the wives and himi lies of militia-men, parfuant thereto. After defeat XXXIX. And be it further Cnadltd, That after the defeat ircth e vo^y>  2n^ exPu^on °f the enemy from Great Britan, and fopprtffiot

lunteen shall °f Bny fu*h rebellion or infurrettion, to be notified as aforesaid, be returned to all corps of yeomanry or volunteers which (hall. have bees their wlpec- afiembled ana marched out of their respective counties, shall and amdnea'  ^  returned  to  their  rcfpe&ive  coup  ties,  and  the  fum

paid to each of one guinea shall be paid, under the direction of any geoml man willing or other superior officer under whole command such corps flail to receive it. then happen to be, to every such perfbn therein To permitted to return home as aferefaid, who shall be willing to receive the fame, over and above the usual rate of pay to which such per-lon shall be entitled, in order the better to enable him to return to his pariflv.

Commiffloned XL. And be it fanher enaAed, That all eommiffiontd abJMtofer- officers of corps of yeomanry or volunteers, who flail be diftbled vice to be * >n >Ao«l fervice, wall be entitled to half-pay, according to entitled to their ranks; and all noixommif&oned officers, drummers, and h«lf-P»y. a?d private men of any corps of yeomanry or volunteers, fo dibbled, g^s^s  **  entitled to the benefit of Cbtifta Hodpitatl; end tk

and privates widows of all such commissioned officers, killed in fervice, fhdl toCheHea be entitled to receive such pensions for life as are given to widows of officere in his Maiefty's regular forces, cfficcn'killed  XLI- And be it farther enaAed, That no officer who it

to pensions  entitled to half-pay shall be deemed or taken to forfeit or quit

for fife.  fitch half-pay during the time he shall fervi and receive pay as

Half-pay may adjutant or quarter-matter in any corps of yeomanry or volua* be received by teers, but that the feme shall nevertheless continue j and instead the oath ufitaHy required of half-pay officers, to entitle them ten, on talcing to ttw receipt of their half-puy, every such officer fo entitled to the following half-pay, and ferviog as aforesaid, shall take the following oath; oath.

Oath. * T A. B. do fwear. That I had nor, between the

X and the  any  place or employment of

profit, civil or military, under his Ms jetty, besides my allowance of half-pay as a reduced  in  late regiment

of  feve  and  except  my  pay  as adjutant or quarter-

matter,  [at the cafe may  be] for serving in the

corps of yeomanry or volunteers of the  [«r  tbt

cqftmoyit.']

. And the taking of the said oath fhall, without taking any other 1 oath, be fiifficiont to entitle fitch petfon to receive bis half-pay.

XLII. And

A

iltaf] Anno regni quadragefirao quhrto Gfcofton III. c. $4. -409

XLII. And be it further enaded, Thai it shall be lawful for Commanding the commanding officer of any corps receiving arms and accou-trrmenrs jupplied at the publick expence, or by fubfeription, to fSTdcpofiti^ appoint a proper place in the parish or place in which his corps arms and dull be formed, or in each of the different parishes or places, if accoutre* more companies than one are formed in different parishes, andmt"t8» united in one corps, as the cafe may require, and as may Teem j£re°of them! apedien; for the depositing and safe keeping of the arms and ac- and the decrements of his corps, and also to appoint proper persons to puty-lieute-, repair and keep such arms in good state and condition; and it  -  &

(hall be lawful for any two or more deputy-lieutenants of the thV^expenS fubdirifion in which any such parish or parishes shall be, and shall be paid , once in every year at the leaft, to view such arms and accoutre- in England by rotors, for the purpose of afeertaining the state and condition thc receiver-thereof; and all reasonable expences which shall or may be in-  *

corred in placing and keeping such arms and accoutrements, v and in maintaining them clean and in proper repair, order, and condition, if approved of under the hands of two deputy-lieutenants or one deputy-lieutenant and one justice of t he peace, of the subdivision in which such arms and accoutrements shall be dcpofited, (hall, on delivery to the receiver-general, if in Eng* bnd) of the county in which such arms shall be dcpofited, of a quarterly, half-yearly, or yearly account thereof, signed and approved by any two deputy-lieutenants, or one deputy-lieutenant and one justice of the peace, as aforesaid, together with the certificate of the commanding officer of the corps, or captain efthe company to which such arms shall belong, that the arms  #

ire in good repair, ftate, order, and condition, be pajd by such receiver-general as aforesaid, out of any publick monies in his hods, and shall be allowed in the account of such receiver-general as aforefaid: provided always, that no expence to be hu* 00 ex-incurred as aforesaid shall exceed in amount such sum as his Majesty shall be ple£fed to authorise and diredl, by any order to fui^autho-be communicated through his Majesty's principal secretary ofrifedbyhia (late, to the lieutenant or deputy-lieutenants of the county. Majesty.

XLI1I. Provided alfo, and be it ena&ed. That in Scotland Account* of the accounts of all such expences relative to the placing and keeping such arms and accoutrements, and maintaining (hai^e trand themdean and in proper repair, order, and condition, certified fitted to the in the manner above directed, shall be transmitted to the ford barons «.f ih$ chief baron and barons of the court of exchequer in Scotland, 'xchcquci^ who are hereby empowered to reftridt the amount to such sum as they shall think reafonable, not exceeding such sum as his warrant for Majesty shall have been pleased to authorise and direct in man payment, ner aforesaid, and 1 to grant warrant for payment thereof out of the revenues of she land-tax, assessed taxes, or consolidated duties of customs or excife, or any of them, which they shall think most proper to apply for this purpofc.

XLIV. And be it further ena&ed, That all.arms delivered Arms to be out of the publick ftores, or fuCniftied at the publick expence, markcd* for the use of any corps of yeomanry or volunteers, shall be Yot.XLV.  P  marked

lfo 'Anno regnt quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. C. $4. [18044

marked df(Hn<£lly in some visible place with the letter V. and the initial of the county to which such corps shall belong; and in pwiilty for cafe any man shall fell, pawn* or Iofe any arms, accoutrement, Idling arms clothing, or ammunition delivered to him, or shall wil&Jr damage any such arms or accoutrements, every such mania" and it'not* ^or every such ofFence forfeit and pay a fuxn not exccefc,; .paid, the forty shillings ; and if such man shall nor immediately pay fun party may be penalty, it shall be lawful for any justice of the peace feliding :n committed. or near t|,c p|acc where the offence shall be committed, to take cognizance of thfe fame, and to commit such person as shall be convicted of such offence before him to the next gaol, or bouse of corredtton, to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one week, or until he shall have paid the (aid penalty. Penalty for XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any person (hd *nn.#* knowingly and wilfully buy, take in exchange, conceal, or mcnts'&c. otherwise receive any arms, accoutrements or cloathing, or as? and if not publick (lores or ammunition delivered for the use of any corps piid, the of yeomanry or volunteers, the person fo offending shall forfrt offender may - an(j pay for CYCry fuels offence the sum often pounds; and/ commi te<,# such offender shall not immediately pay such penalty, and thsl not have sufficient go?ds and chattels whereon to levy such penalty by distress in the banner hcrein-after mentioned, nt such justice of the peace as aforesaid before whom he or (he (halt be convifled, (ball commit him or her to such common gaol of house of corre&icn, there to remain, without bail or mainprirt, for the foace of three months, or until he or (he shall have pa*/ , ,  ___ the said nne.

^cavaJr>rpi XLVI*. And be it further enafled; That whenever the per-(hau'be^efi* ®>ns enrolled in any corps of yeomanry or volunteer cavilr*, rous of affera-whether any infantry be attached to such corps^or not, or Si bliqg under majority of them, when not summoned upon actual fervice, at oRheiYown^ voiuntar^y assembled for the purpose of doing military duty, officers, the an<* Fubjedled to military difeipline, under the provisions of • coiinty lieu- this a & as aforesaid, fhall, through their commanding officer, tenant, with signify in writing to the lieutenant of the county wherein fca corFs ^ ra|kd> or cafe vacancy, or in the abfenceo: Majesty, may the lieutenant, to the vice-lieutenant or deputy-lieutenants ex*« make an 7 cuting the office of the lieutenant, their delire toaffemble und;i order for that the command of their own officers, at any convenient place r*r PUr*rd«r P*aCcs within the fame county, for the purpose of being trained «ny0jukice°of an<* exercised for any space of time not exceeding in. the wta'e the county, fourteen day6, either fucceffivety or at intervals, within the who shall issue space of twelve months, and either in separate corps, or togeiha J“#  with any other corps of yeomanry or volunteer cavalry, who

the non- 08 shall a^° ^avc fi&n,fied their desire of assembling for that purpose commiffioncd in like manner, or with any regiment, troop or troops of his officers and Majesty's regular forces of cavalry, in cafe his Majesty /hail ' think proper to give directions to such of his forces for that forers may be PurP°fe* it shall be lawful for such lieutenant, vice-lieuteo3nr, biiietted; but or deputy-lieutenants refpedlively, in pursuance of the desire of corps ibafiem- any such corps of yeomanry or volunteer cavalry, to be fignifieJ

5  *

iSo4*] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 54,

211

in manner aforesaid, and with the approbation of his Majesty, bled shall not Unified by his principal lector ary of ftate, to make an order for  0  >

aficmbling such yeomanry or volunteer cavalry, and likewise to fawa% y tired an order to any juftict of the peace of the county where such corps of yeomanry or volunteer cavalry (ball, be appointed to iffemble, fpecitying the place or places at which} and the cat or limes during which such corps of yeomanryor volun- '  '

»r cavalry are to continue fo assembled under the authority of this ad; and the justice of the peace to whom such order mall . fee directed shall ifltie his precept to the conftable, headborough,  w  *

tythingman, or other peace-officer of the place where such corps are to he, aflembled, for quartering and billetting rhe non-dommiffioned officers, trumpeters or buglegtpn^ and privates qf such corps, upon such persons and in such houies* situate in or near the place dr places specified in such order, as-his Majbfty** forces may by law be quartered and billetted upon j and from and after the receipt^ of such precept, it shall be lawful for fqch conibble, head borough, tythingman, or other proper officer as tforefaid, and he is hereby required to .billet the non-com* milEoned officers, trumpeters or buglemen, and private men, of such ebrps of yeomaqry or volunteer cavalry in cr near such place or places as aforesaid, and in such manner as any of his llajefty's other forces may by law be quartered and billetted . .  .

therein as afbre&'rd: "provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extender be construed to extend to subject any such corps to .the provisions of any aft then in force for the puni(h* 1 meet of mutiny and defertion, or any articles*of war made in pursuance thereof, by reason of any such aflemblidg for-the purpose. of being trained and exercised for any space of time hot exceeding fourteen days as aforesaid.

XLV1L And be it further cnafted, That in all cafes, and A&* forbd-duriog the times in which any corps of yeomanry or volunteer cavalry £bs*ll be quartered and billetted in purfuanee of the pro- fo^es to* vifijns of. this aft, all and every the powers, provifions, rules, extend to such penalties, matters and things, provided and established by any corps when td or ads now or hereafter to be in force for quartering and billetted. billetting his Majesty's forces, (bail be used and put in practice for quartering and billetting such corps of yeomanry or volunteer * cavalry, as; fully and effectually as if all and every the said •powers, provifions, roles, penalties, matters, and things, had I keen specially enacted in the body of this aft, fo far as the fame Stall by his Majesty be deemed applicable to corps of yeomanry or volunteer cavalry.

, XLVill. And be it further enacted. That whenever the When the leutenant, ordepi#tyrlieutenant$ idling as aforesaid, of any hertetunt county, shall have fixed the day and place of exercise for my thedav Inch corps of yeomanry, or volunteer cavalry, he or they (hall, pb<?eof , as soon as may be, certify the fame to the secretary at war or his exernfe for 1 fi.puty, specifying the number of men, and the number of days any such Appointed for exercising them? not exceeding in the wholefou> -  ^^*5

pen days j and the secretary at war or his deputy is hereby re- particulars to

in Annoregni quadragefimo quarto Georgii til. <*. 54. [ 1804.

thefecretary quin*^ within fourteen days after the receipt of such certificate1

SLll order° a lo cau^ to ^ anc* Pa^ t0 t^le officer having the commanc to be°ifl‘ue<Cay °f cac^ corps, at the rate of two shillings per day for each volunteer of ybomanry or of volunteer cavalry who shall attend the place of exercife, and one fhiliing and four-pence per daj for each horfe, mare, or gelding, belonging to such corps, andufed inexercifeon that day.

Commanding . XLIX. And be it further ena&ed, That the officer havin? ^^account c<wlwT,an<* such corps of yeootanfy or volunteer cavalr lift he follow- fh*l! make up an account of all the monies received and paid b; ing form j fiim, on account of such exercife, in the following form:

touoty of

To Cafh received for < Pays' Pay of ; Men •  -  -  -

To Ditto for Days' Allowance for Horfcs

who shall deliver it, and pay the bal-lance to such person as the lecretary at war shall appoint. Subfcriptions, arms, Sec. veiled in the commanding officer.

Dr.

£•

d.

per Contra

Paid  Yeo-

manry Men, for their Attendance at the Place.of Exercife on the Days appointed, being Days'Pay -

Paid . Allowance for  Horfcs, ufed

in Exercife for Days  -

Cr.

£-

s.'d

If fuHfcrlp-tiorfs or fines be not paid, a -.may

\

Which account shall be signed by the o$cer having the com-jnand of such corps; and such officer (hall, within ten days afterl the time such exercise is (inilhed, deliver such account, and pay the balance, if there be any due, to such person as the fecretary, at war or his deputy shall order and dirclt.

L» And be it further enalted, That all money subscribed bi or for the use of any corps of yeomanry or volunteers, and all arms, (tores, ammunition, drums, fifes, or musical inftruments, or other articles, of whatever kind or fort the fame may be, belonging to any such corps, or used by any such corps, not being the property of any particular individual of such corps, shall be, and the fame are hereby declared to be veiled in the commanding officer thereof, for all purposes of indidmenr, a&ion, or fait, criminal or civil, in law or equity, and shall for such purpose be deemed and tak>en to be the property of such commanding officer, and shall and may be laid fo to be in any indiAtnenr, or may be sued for and recovered as such, or may be dated to be such in any action or fuit relating thereto; and no indidmenr, fuit, allion, or profecution, shall be discontinued or abated by the death, refignation, or removal of any such commanding officer, but the fame may be proceeded in by the succeeding commanding officer, or the commanding officer for the time being, any law, cuftom, or uCage to the contrary notwitb-(landing.

LI. And be it further enalted, That'Where anyperfcn enrolled in any corps of yeomanry or volunteers shall neglect or refufe, on demand made for that purpose, to pay any sum or

fums

1804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III* c. 54.  213

foms of money fubferibedor required by iny rules or regulations dircft double of such corps to be fubferibed by him, towards any expences thereof, or to pay any fines or penalties incurred under any of roJly he'levied the rules or regulations thereof, then aad in such cafe it shall be by diftrefs* * lawful for any justice of the peace.refiding in or near to the place where such corps shall be, on application made for that purpose by any commanding or field-officer, or adjutant, or ferjeant* sujor, under any order of the commanding officer of any such corps, and proof thereof, to direct double the amount thereof, to he paid as a penalty or forfeiture; and if such person (ha|l refuse or neglcd to pay tne fame for the space of seven days, then to ( ciufe the fame to be levied by distress and sale of the defaulter's goods and chattel, by warrant under his hand and feal, rendering the overplus, if any, on demand, after deducing the charges of such distress and fale, to the persons whole gd-ds and chattels shall have been fo distrained and fold; and the sums fo Applicationot levied lhall go to the general stock of such corps, to be applied *h« in the general expences thereof, in like manner as any fub-feription or sum of money received by or for such corps may be applied; or where there shall be no such fubfeription or stock of such corps, then to any such purposes relating to such corps as the commanding officer thereof may think fit: provided always, Juftice may that it shall be lawful for such justice of peace to mitigate any mitigate pc-sccumulated fines or penalties, in such amount as he shall in* his nalUcS> diferetion think fit, having regard to the circumstances and fitua* tian of the party incurring the fame; but fo as that the amount offuch mitigated fines or penalties shall not be lc(s than one half of the full amount of such accumulated fines and penalties.

L1I. And be it further enaded. That eyery person who shall PeHons rebut received, or may have in his cuftody, power, or poffefBon, or /hall hereafter receive, or have in his cuftody, power, or pof- &*. fable to fdfion, any arms, accoutrements, cloathing, ammunition, or penalty,which (lores, or drums, fifes, or musical inftruments, or other articles may. tforefaid, heretofore or that may hereafter be furniftied from the publklt (tores, or at the publick expence, or at the expence or'diftreit the charge of any fubfcriptioQ for providing such articles, or of any offender may * person or perfons, and who lhall refuse or negledt, on being re- be committed quired by the commanding officer for the time being, or by his direfiion, to deliver up any such arms, accoutrements, cloathing, ammunition, or ftores, or drums, fifes, or musical inftruments, or other articles aforefaid* (hall, on being convicted thereof before any justice of the peace of the county within which such arms, accoutrements, cloathing, amtnuni ion, or stores shall be, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds for every such offence, and double the value of the arms, accoutrements, cloathing, ammunition, or ftorps fo detained as aforesaid, to be levied by distress and (ale of the offender's goods and chattels* by warrant under the hand and feal of such juftice, rendering the overplus (if any) on demand, after deducing the charges of such diftrefe and fair, to the person whose goods and chattels lhall have been fo dif-trained and fold; and for want of such sufficient diftrefs, such

juftice

penalty.

Money paid by receiver-general to be replaced out pf the fir ft aids.

Clerks to general and fubdiyifton meetings in

Anno regni quadfagefimo quarto Gboroii III. c. 54. [1804.

Jufiice is hereby required to commit fiich offender to the coo raon gaol of the county, riding, or place where the offence (bill have been committed for any time not exceeding two months\ ^PP^cati<mofwd tfoc ponies arising by such penalty (haU go and be applied fTf to the use of his Majcfty, his heirs and fucceflors.

LIIL And be it further ena&ed, That all sums of mtj paid by any receiver-general in pursuance of this act, and returned into  and allowed in  the receipt* of his  Majestyls exchequer, (hall  be replaced to  such accounts as  the fame* were

law applicable, out of the first aids and Supplies which shall be thereafter granted to his Majefiy by parliament*

LIV. And be it further' ena&ed, That the respective ctoki {0 the general meetings of lieutenancy, and clerks to fubdivilioa meetings in England, shall receive such reward for their paint England to be and trouble  in and about the execution of this  a&, and for wr.id

rewarded for  they shall not be entitled to  any reward under  any laws rel-Mtg

fqeir trouble. to t[jC militia, as the deputy-lieutenants aflembied at any meetir?

held for that purpose, at which not fess than five deputy* lieutenants shall be prefent, shall think reafonahle and propr*; such reward to be paid and allowed as any rewards to suchdcrii refpc&ively, are paid and. allowed under any such laws relate to the militia*

Such rewards LV\ And be it further ena&ed, That in Scotland such rewanJt In ^cotianrt, to as the refpe&ivc clerks to the general meetings of lieutenant th/barons of c*erks °f subdivision meetings, shall be entitled to for their thccxchcquer. pains and trouble in and about the execution of this a&, Ifol be certified by the lieutenant of the county where the fame ihd rcfpe&ively be occafioncd, or by any two or more deputy, lieutenants of such county, to the lord chief baron *nd barctf of the court of exchequer in Scotland, who are hereby empowered to reftri& the amount, and to grant warrant for payment there* of in the manner herein-before dire&ed, in the cafe of expend attending the placing and keeping of arms and accoutrements and maintaining the fame in good repair, order, and condition. So future  LV1* And be it further ena&ed. That, from and after (fit

rules or re-  passing of this a&, no future rules or regulations shall be vaM

vadMuSef* or  on  My c01fps of yeomanry or volunteers, or for any

fifemitted to purposes of this a&, or for any other purpose, unleft the ro'n-the principal mantling officer of such corps, shall think fit to transmit the fame secretary of to the lieutenant or vice-lieutenant of the county in which such not disallowed CQrPs have been or shall be formed, and unless the (a.d py hi* Majcfty. lieutenant or vicerlieutenant of the county shall think proper to 7 fubmU the fame to his Majesty's principal secretary of ftate; and fiich rules and regulations fo transmitted and fubmitred, Itol), if not disallowed by his Majefiy, within twenty-eight days alter the receipt thereof, by his Majesty's principal secretary of (toe, be considered as approved and confirmed j and the lieutenant or yice-Iieutcnant of tbd county shall signify such approbation and confirmation to .the. said commanding officer, to be forthwith communicated by him *o his corps; and the rules and regu-lajtions fo uaniiniUed, fubmiticd* confirmed, and communicated,

;  ;  dull

rSo4*] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 54*  21$

ftall be binding and valid for thfc purposes of this aft, or*for any other purpoie regarding the fervicet and good tonduft of such corps.

LVII. Provided, That nothing in this aft contained, {hall His Majesty extend, or be cpnflrued to extend, to prevent his  from  m*y annul

annulling at any time, any rules 6r regulations which may have J^iJrionsf been or shall be made respecting any corps 'of volunteers,  .  „

LVIII. And be it further declared and enafted, That no Acceptance of person who has accepted or shall hereafter accept of a commiflioii'commi®on8 in any corps of yeomanry or volunteers in Great Britain or *?nVp**l* bdand^ shall be deemed in respect thereof, to have vacated or to lament. * vacate his Cm at as a member returned to serve in parliament. .

LIX. And be it further enacted, Thar the several forms of Returns, returns, certificates, and fchedules, hereunto annexed, shall be  yaiyr

deemed respectively valid and effectual for the several purposes of this aft to* which they apply; but that if, from any variation bC hcMtfiftt. of circumstances or other reafon, the said forms {hould not be  »

drift!y adhered to, ihftruments of a ifimilar import shall never-, thrlefs he admitted and received, and be held in like manner valid and effectual.  '

LX. And be it further enacted, That all provifions, directions, Provifions re-daufes, matters, and things whatever in this aft contained, re*- lating tp bring to counties, shall extend and be confirmed to extend to all ftewartries, ridings, divifions, cities, and places in Gnat Britain $ n^fngS,&c. and all provifions, direftions, claofes, matters, and things what* and to corps, ever in this aft contained, relating-to corps of yeomanry or ,t0 **tc»d to , volunteers, {hall extend to and be construed and deemed to ex-? [^^g^rcnt' tend to all independent troops of yeomanry or volunteer cavalry companies# and companies of infantry, as fully and amply as if they were lererally and respectively repeated ifi every such provifion, dU region, and claufe, and with relatiop to every such matter and thing. •  :  I

LXI. And be it further enacted, That this aft may be altered, A& m*y be » varied,' or repealed, by any other aft or in ttys session of rlp^lrcTrlns parliament# -  ».

4

SCHEPULE .

1x6 Anno regni quadragcfimo qnarto Georgii III. c.54. £1804.

SCHEDULE (A.)

To A. B. his Majcfty's Lieutenant for the  of

MUSTER-ROLL of the Perfons enrolled and serving in the of  commanded  by

6FFECTIVESjY*md, tftmtitUd /• Ex-'mHi m, entitled to Exemption.        EFFECTIVE SUPERNUMERARIES (if any), not entitled lo Exemption.        N 0N-EFFEC1 IVES.      

No.  Parilh.  0  Name.  When  enrolled.  No.  Parifh.  Name.  When  enrolled.  No.  Panlh.  Name.  When en oiled.

X  - a.  3-  '  5  6.  7-  8.  9  10.  11.  is.  *3-  A.  B.  A.  B.  C. D.  B.  k G.H.  L. M. NO.  ■                

        EFFECTIVE MEMBERS, entitled to Exemptions, a Went on leave.              

        No.  Parilh.  Name.  When  enrolled.        

■BftabUtbment allowed .

%

fupernumerariei allowed • Total number -

N. B. Difcharged or quitted iincc the date of the last mufter-roll;

A B,

C.D.&C.

Total number in the corps ex* empt under this a£t from serving in the militia or other additional force............................

Ditto - - not exempt from serving in the militia or other additional force *

Total number of men enrplled in the corps -

1 do hereby certify, That the abort corps [sr company, as jAr toft may to], was inspected on the  day  of  by  or,  has  been

ready and willing to be inspected in thclaft four months.

Signed, A. B.

C. Dm  Commanding  Officer.

Adjutant} er Seijeant* Major.

A

1804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgi 1 III. c. 54* 217

SCHEDULE (B).

IL L. commanding officer of the"

do hereby certify, upon my honour, mpurfuance of an aft of parliament, palled in the forty-fourth jfcrof his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An aft [hen, injert ‘ tie title of tbit That I have not, to the belt of nn knowledge and belief, infer ted or caused to be inferted, in the above \ ©uUer-roll, as an efFeftive man, the name of ai.y person who | has not duly attended, properly armed and accoutred, and " mounted [// cavalry] [if arms and accoutrements have been fupplied] at the muster and exercise of the (aid corps [*r, company, as the cafe may £;], as required by the said act, and who has not taken the oath ot allegiance, or been absent on leave given in purfusnee of the said act, or prevented by actual ficknefs, as has been certified to me by a medical praftitiondr, or as has been otherwise 'proved to my fatisfaflion, and who is not an efFeftive man*

Dated the

Signed, K. L.

Commanding Officer,

[If arms, accoutrements, or doathing have not been received, such circumstance mult be fpccially certified.]

SCHEDULE (C).

To A. B. his Majesty's Lieutenant for the  of

IK. L. commanding officer of the .  of

yeomanry, or infantry [as the cafe may be] serving in the county * of  or city of  [as  the  cafe  may be] do hereby certify, That C. D. of  [his defeription and

perijh] is an efFeftive member of the said corps or company [as the cafe may be] within the provisions of an aft palled in the fortj.fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty.

Dated the

Signed, K. L.

Commanding Officer.

SCHEDULE

218 A'ino regni giiidrlgcfi;no quarto Georgii III. c, 54. [1S04,

SCHEDULE (D.)

ABSTRACT of MUSTER-ROLLS to be transmitted Clerks of the General Meeting of Counties to Hit M*$l Prjmipal Secretary of State*

To  bis  Mayfly s Principal Secretary of Stilt*

Abftra3 of Mutter-Rolls of Corps and Companies of Yeomanry anti Volunteers, within the  of

received by me, O. P. his Majesty's Lieutenant for the fame, _ since the Day of  in  the Year

•  Ntmes .ind Dc-feriptions of  C'Oi pB.  Number of IVrfrns enrolled and fa ving thnein  Number o< Pcrfons *x empt from Militia, and Arrpy of Kdcrve  ■ L 1 '• ' ■ t,  When infpefted, or if to be fo.    J

I.  'Yeomanry .  600  200  **  n  fnfpefled 0£t 25, iS~

2.  Ditto • .  7CO  too  

3-  Infantry • ,  J,COO  600  Not infpe&cd, but w3*, ling to be fo.

•4*  5-  Artillery . . Ditto . .  700  4co  Ditto.

&c.  kc. . . .  kc.  See.  I  1  1

SCHEDl'I'E

1S04J Anno regni quadragefimo quarto G$orgu III. c. 55.  219

'  .0 \ :*'  1  ;  '  '  :  “  •  ‘  :

SCHEDULE (E,) ;

FORM of CERTIFICATE.

I  commanding  officer of the

Jo hereby certify, in purfttancc of an a€t passed in the forty* fourth year of the reign-of his present Majesty, intituled, An gG [to Injirtm the title of the aft] That * the several persons herein named and ^defcribed are federally enrolled and lerving in rhe hid corps, as efteftive members thereof and were effective members up ro and qxi tine fifth day of April preceding the date of this certificate.

Signed

.... i' Commanding Officer*

Pated the .  day  of

' CAP. LV.

Jn aftfor more effectually preventing the sale of excifeable liquors in Scotland by per fans not duly licensed \ andfor altering the times of granting licences tofclljuch excifeabU liquors by retail.—[June 5,

1804.J

WHEREAS by an aft, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of bis late majesty King George the Second, intituled,

An act for granting to his Majesty a duty upon licences for rc- *9 Geo. *• tailing beer, ale, and other excifeable liquors; and for eftablilh- c* xa* ing a method for granting filch licences in Scotland; and for allowing such licences to be granted at a petty session in England* inaceitain cafe therein mentioned; aft amp-duty of twenty /hillings is impojed an licences for felling ale, beer, or other excifeable liquors by retail, to be raifed, levied, collected, and paid throughout Great Britain, in manner thereby directed'*, and by another aft, passed in the fifth year of the reign of bis present Majesty, intituled, An aft 5 Geo. > for altering the ftamp-duties upon admifllons into corporations c* or companies, and for further securing and improving the (bmp-duties in Great Britain, the provifiem in the former aft* for issuing the said licences, and for raiftng, levying, collecting, and paying rhe duties thereupon, are altered and amended; end by another aft, pajpd in the twenty fourth year of his present Majesty* s reign, intituled. An *4 ^co act for granting to his Majesty an additional duty upon licences.c* 3°* for retailing beer, ale, and other excifeable liquors, an additional ftamp-duty of ten /hillings and sixpence is graved on the said licences; and by another aft, pajjed in the thirty second year of his present Majesty*$ reign, intituled'. An act to amend fo much of two acts, 3% Geo. y made in the twenty-fixth and twenty~ninth years of the reign V S9-of his late majesty King George the Second, as relates to the liccnfing ot alehoufc-keepers and viftuallers; and for better regulating ale-houfes, and the niannef of granting such licences in future; and also of granting licences to persons felling wines to .  be

2 20

35 Geo. 3. cxU3.

4it Geo. 3.

Ci 86.

Anno regni qxiadragcfimo quarto Georgii TIL c.55. [1804*

be drank in their houfes, the said duty and an additional duty ard exttnded to persons filling foreign wines or Britifyi made wines of sweets by retail to be drank in their houses or plates adjoining thereto *,1 and by another aft, faffed in the thirty-fifth year of hit present Ms-fifty's reign, intituled, An act for the more effectual prevention of Jelling aic,and other liquors by persons not duly licenfed,y& mock of the said act of parliament, pajfid in the fifth year of the reign tf his present Mg fifty, as is therein recited applicable to the pecuniary and to+poral punifkment of persons felling ale% beer, or other cxcift-able lijuors in that part of Great Britain called England, and dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, is repealed ; and by another aft, paffid in the forty-fir ft year of the reign of bis present Majesty, intituled. An ad f >r granting to his M^jertyj Additional ttamprduties on cards and dice 1 on probates of wills; on certain indentures, leafes, bonds, or other deeds; and on ale licences; an additional [lamp-duty of ten /hillings and Jixpeme is made payable throughout Great Britain on licences for felling fib, beer, or other excifeahle liquors by retail, by which loft-mentioned oil the said oft, passed in the thirty fifth year of his present Mafifijs reign is extended to Scotland; and it is enaftea, that, from and asur the firjl day of November one thousand eight hundred and one, every per [on in Scotland who Jhould keep an ate-houfe, tippling- boufi, or viftualling-houfi, or Jhould fell ale, beer, or other excifeahle liquors by retail, except in fairs, without being litenfed thereto according to tbt directions of the several afts now in force, Jhould be liable to the penalty of twenty pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, which penalty and forfeiture Jhould be recovered and applied as by the said act is direfted\ and that all other the claufes, powers, provifions, paid-ties, forfeitures, incapacities, and other matters and things prefiribel in thejaid aft, with respect to England, Wales, and Berwick* upon Tweed, Jhould extend to Scotland, in like manner, and be applied and put in fra flic* in Scotland, as if the said act had been expressly extended thereto 5 and it is thereby further enabled, that it Jhould be lawful for the jufiice of the peace, mag fi rates, or oihtr persons empowered by any law or aft or afts in force to grant licenas to keep ale-houfes, tippling houfes, or viftualling houfes, or to fell e!(, beer, or other excifeahle liquors, by retail, in Scotland, to grant fuck licences on or immediately after the fifteenth day of May in each year, in like manner, and with all such and the like powers, and under and subject to the like regulationr, provifions, penalties, and forfeitures, os such licences are by law granted an or immediately after, the fir/} day of November in each year, and all and every the claufes, powers, provifions, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, matters, and things, in any aft or afts contained relating to the granting any such licence in that part of the united kingdom called Scotland, at the period in cock year in which the fame may be granted by law, shall extend to end be in full force in relation to the granting such licences at the period in each year, in the said recited aft mentioned, and Jhould be applied end enforced, and put in praftice, in like manner in every respect for tbot furpoji, as if all such claufes, powers, provifoes, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, matters, ana things, were fever ally and fiparaulj re-

1804.I AnoO regm quadragefimo quarto Gbokgii III. c. 5$. m

enabled in and made Part of the said act : and whereas it has ton found

by experience that tie ctaufn, powers, provifieriSy penalties) forfeitures^

end ether matters and things prefer tied by the said ait, pcffed in the

thirty-fifth year of his preffnt Maj'ejtfs reign, cannot be carried into

full effetk in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, andJikewife

that it is inexpedient to have two terms for ifjuing the lice tiers before-

mentioned^ or to issue the fame oftoner than once in the year) at tbo

octufomed term of entry to and removal from houses in Scotland; fov

remedy whereof be it cnaded by the King's moil excellent ma-

jefty, by and with the advice and confeht of rite lords fpiritual

and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflem-

bled, and by the authority of the fame, That fo much of she So much at

laid ad, palled in the forty-firft year.of his present Mejefty's  5*°^*

reign, as is above recited, shall be and is hereby repealed^ except £ere rerited,

as to all Judgements obtained, or pnofecutions in dependance or repelled, &c.

to be commenced for the recovery of fines, penalties, and for*

feitures, for any offence committed ptevioufly to the passing of

this ad.

II.  And be it farther enaded, That all licences for retailing Licences for . ale, beer, and other excifeable liquors, to be granted by rbe jetwlinr afe, magistrates of any royal burgh within Scotlandor their clerks, mmedin

in the month of UBeber one thousand eight hundred and four; Scotland by shall be and the fame are hereby limited: to the fourteenth day magiftrarc* of of May one thoufend eight hundred and five, and that all such burghs in Oc« licences to be granted by the justices of peace of any (hire or Aewartry within Scotland, or their clerks, in the month of No- C(j to May ttemher one thousand eight hundred and four, shall be, and the 1805* and fame are hereby limited to the twenty-iirft day of *May one licences to be thoufend eight hundred and'five; and that it shall not thereafter be lawful for any magistrates of royal burghs, or justices of the ^ov. 1804, peace within Scotland) or their clerks, or the deputies of such fhallbfclimited clerks, to issue any such licence as aforesaid, at any other time, to May ax, or in any other manner than is herein-after mentioned; any l*°s* thing in any former ad or ads of parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

III.  Provided always, That it (hall, notwitHftanding the li- Pcrfons fo

mitation aforesaid, be competent to and in the power of the licenfcd io lawful holder or holders of any such licence or licences to be  to

iffued in OBober or November one thousand eight hundred and continue t* four, to continue to retail ale, beer, or other excifeable liquors, retail ale,

for the full space fof which such licence would be current but &c. notwith* for the (aid limitation, in cafe such holder or holders thereof (hall, from and after the expiry of that fpace, cease to retail ale, >n beer, or other excifeable liquors, until he, (he, or they shall be again duly licenfcd under the authority of this ad.

IV* Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That the lawful Pcrfons to K-holder or holders of any such licence or licences as aforesaid, to ^to?*1" be by virtue'of this ad limited to the fourteenth or twenty*firft drawback bt days of May one thousand eight hundred and five, (halt be en- account of titled to a drawback at the rare of eighteen (billings and four- fuc.h limU pence for each licence, as a just proportion of the ftarop-dutiestatlon*

original y

i .  •»  •,  •  » • < J ‘ •  '•<  V. (. . I  I  ■  •'  •  lit/  l<  -g  .  .  *  ‘  .  «

Anno regm qua^rageUmoquarto pKO^ti III* c. j}£, [i S04.

priginally .payable .therefor; xorrefpondirig t#.the,period for which the fame wouJAbave remained ourem, but fiqr the limitation aforesaid, in cafe suchhblddf or holders thereof either shall cease to retail excifeable.liquors at the period to which the fame are fo limited, or shall at that period obtain any newlicence or licence? under the authority of ibis ad; and the coraoiidioners of (lamp-duties are hereby author]fed and required So repay or make suitable provision .for repaying the (aid sum of eighteen shillings and* four-pence from the produce of the Cbrxefpondiog duties under.their management, tp the person or perfoOs who shall be duly entitled to receive tho said drawback, either at tfct •  ~ office or. place where .the original duties. for the relative licences

h*vr'.bcpn paid, or atihe office or place where such person or ,*  per to ns shall have occafioo to pay the (Ump+dutics upon any

new licence .or licences as aforesaid.

After May 151 . j Y-And be it further.eqa&ed, That,, from and a£er the fif-fa (Hughs, and teenth day cf May one thousand eight hundred and five, in flilres^no*11 every :royal burgh, and .froth and after the twenty*fec6od day oi peirfon shall Mayone thousand eight hundred and fiye, in every/hire and keep any ale- ftewartry in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, no person bnt Arh as  direftly,  or indireftly, keep any ale-houfe, tippling-houfo,

diall be an* or viftualling-houfe, or fell ale, beer, fpirits, strong waters, or nually licensed other excifeable liquors by retail, hut such peribns only as (ball according fo be annually admitted, allowed, and licensed according to ibe ^edbon, directions contained .in.this aft.

Magiftnites of  And  lt further.enaftcd. That the magistrates of each

buighsTo * ° r°ya* burgh within Scotland, shall yearly and every year, on the grant licences fifteenth day of May, or the next lawful day thereafter, the first for felling *le, meeting to be on the fifteenth day of May one thousand eight &c. on May j)unt]re(j an(j five, assemble and meet together at the time and place, when and where they usually have met.for transacting the business of such royal burgh; and the said magiftrates, or any two of them at leaft, (hall, at such annual meeting, admit, allow, and liccnfe for the year then next enfuing, such and fo many pdrfohs as the said magi Urates, or two qf them at the leaft, shall think meet and convenient to keep ale-houfes, tippling.houfes, viftualling-houfes, or to fell ale, beer, or other excifeable liquors by retail within every such royal burgh and die royalty thereof; and the said magiftrates, or two of them at the lead, shall deliver or taufe to be delivered to each person fo by them admitted, allowed, and licenfed, a licence ingrafted, written, or primed Vpon. vellum, parchment, or paper, signed by two of the. /aid magiftrates, and by the clerk of such royal burgh, and legally stampt with a (lamp or (lamps, denoting the said fevers! duties of twenty (hillings, and ten shillings and fixpence, and ten shillings and fixpence, or the total amount thereof, being two pounds one (hilling, for each of which licences a fee of one (hilling, over, and above the said ft amp-duties, and no morcy shall be paid and payable.

VII.  Provided always, and be it further .enabled. That if in any royal burgh there foalfoot be a sufficient number of roa-

ij, yeaily.

Stamp-duty a/. 1/. and a let'of x/«

In default of

a sufficient —-““Tiber of

iS04.] Anno regm quadra^eltmo quarto Georgii IIT. c 223

gi/lrates capable to grant licences purfiiant to the qualifications n&jgiftraie# ■ and directions of this a<% at any of the'tinaes when lipenc^s  t

for ale-houfcs, tippling-houfesi or vldf ualling-KQufes ip jbe ro>4I fhirc^ip vyiurih burghs, are hereby appointed to be granted $ then and ip fucji such burghs Cife it shall and maybe lawful to and fot the juftice$ of the are fituited, peace of the (hire or ftewartry in'which. such. royal burgh 9r boroughs {hall be fhuated, to grant licences for such xoyal burg)i lct ' * cr boroughs at the fame time and in the fame manner as they ere hereby empowered to do for the shire or ftewartry, and all , licences fo granted for royal burghs by juices of the peace of the (hire or ftewartry, shall continue in force until the next annual clay for granting licences according this a£f and nb  *  J'

longer.  ‘'  ;  .

VIII.  And be it further enabled, That the justices of the Jufticet in peace in each shire and ftewartry within Scotland, shall have fu]l fttirestomett power and authority, and they are hereby empowered anp May */♦ aod required annually to afTcmble and meet together, in their hceiifcpit* nrfpecHve (hires and ftety^rtries, on the tw^nty-fecond day of ioftn.tafcil AJajy or on the next lawful day thereafter, at the hour and placed**

when and where the general quarter-feflions for fuph shire qr ‘  ,  ,

ftewartry have usually been held, on the twenty-fecond day of ;

Mcj one thousand eight hundred and five^ and at such annual meeting to admit, allow, and license for the year then next enfuing, such and fo many persons as the major pint of the jut- ' ticss then assembled {hall think meet and convenient, to keep ale-houfes, tipplipg-Iioufes, vi&ualling-h'oufes, ‘or to fell ajq, beer, or other excifeable liqviors by retail, within such refpeclivp (hire or ftewartry, or in the event before-mentioned, yvithin any royal burgh or boroughs situated in such' (hire or ftewartry $ and the said justices shall deliver or caufc to be delivered to each person fo by them admitted, allowed, and licenfedj ? licence ingroffed, written, or printed upon vellum, parchmept, or paper, signed by the prefes of the said meeting and by the clerk of thp peace of the said (hire or ftewartry, and legally (lamped with *

(lamp or (lamps, denoting the said several duties, of twenty (hillings, ten'(hillings and fix-pence, and ten shillings and fix* pence, or the total amount thereof. Being two pounds one (hilling; for each of which licences there shall bepaicj and payable a fee of one (hilling to the clerk of the peace for his trouble, ever and above the said damp-duties, and no more.»

IX.  And be it further ena<5led. That neither his Majesty's Excife not commifioners of excise in ScotIandy nor any of the colledlors or fuj>ervifors of excife, or any other officers by the said commit-

fioners appointed to deliver licences to the retailers,pf any fpi- spirits till rituous liquors or strong waters, shall grant or deliver any,(ucli they produce licence to any person who shall not produce a licence, duly'iccn.^f ^rora (lamped, granted to him or her in due form of Jaw, by magi- for^Tcliin^S Antes or justices of the peace, to fell ale, beer, or other excife- ale, See. ° able liquors, by retail.  ,

X.  Provided neverthelefe, and be it enafled, That if any Occupier, 5rc. person licenfcd to fell ale, beer, or other exciieable liquors, in ^ *hfie Prf~ .

terms c may c

ale, dec. after terms of this adt, shall die or remove from the alc-houfc, or the death or other place wherein such ale, beer, or othe% liquor*, (hall, by tbe'perfon  virtue of his or her licence, be fold, it shall and may be hwful

licenced.  for the executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, of such person fo

„  dying or removing, who shall be possessed of such house or place,

,or the occupier thereof, to fell ale, beer, or other liquori therein, during the residue of the term for which luch licence shall have been granted to the person fo dying or removing. JPerfons felling Xf. And be it further enadled, That every person who {hail ale, &c. in a fell ale, beer, or other liquors, by retail, in any prison or house ^houft^tmCd corrC(^lon» or Wbrkhoufe appointed for the reception of poot keeper*. perfons, shall be deemed a keeper of common ale-houfe, or tippling-houfe, and shall be subject to the penalties inflicted by law on the keepers of common ale-houses and tippling-houfe;, unless he or (he shall obtain from the magistrates or justices of the peace, according to due courfeof law, a licence, (duly (lamped) to retail such beer, ale, or other excifeable liquors. Clerks of XII. And be it further cnafled, That, from and after the b^hsand fifteenth day of ?fcfoy one thousand eight hundred and five, in indefeultof* ca^c l^e maglftrates of any royal burgh, or the justices of the the meeting peace of any (hire or ftewartry within Scotland, (hall, in that or of magistrates any preceding year, neglcdt to assemble upon the days, and it or juftices, the tjmc an(j piaces before-mentioned, in order to admit and Vrfrnm VC J,ccn^c f°r lbe year then next enfuing, such and fo many perforo 9  ' as they shall think meet and convenient to keep ale-houtw,

‘tippling-houfes, viclualling-houfes, or to fell ale, beer, or other excifeable liquors by retail, within their rtfpe&ive borough;, (hires, and ftewartries,. according to the directions of this ad, chen and in that cafe it shall be lawful to the clerk of any such royal burgh, or his lawful deputy, and to the clerk of the peace of any such (hire or ftewartry, or his lawful deputy refpe&vel), and they are hereby required, after making an entry or record that the magistrates or justices of peace aforesaid, had neglected to assemble in pursuance of this adl, to deliver or cause to be delivered, to every person living or residing within such rod burgh, (hire, or ftewartry refpeclively, who shall apply for the fame, (unlefs such perfpn shall be disqualified to have a licence), ft licence engrofted, written, or printed, upon a piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, damped with a (lamp or damps, denoting the several duties before-mentioned, or the total amount thereof, and signed by the clerk of such royal burgh, or the clerk of the peace of such (hire or ftewartry, or their lawful deputies refpec-#  tively; for each of which licences there shall be paid and payable

the (ums before-mentioned in this ad, and no more; and which licences, fo signed and delivered by the clerk of any royal burgh, or the clerk of the peace of any (hire or ftewartry, or their lawful deputies refpe&ively, shall be, to all intents and purpose*, as good and effectual to the receiver or receivers thereof, as if the fame had been allowed, granted, and figned, in a meeting of the magistrates of such royal burgh, or juilices of peace of luch ' (hire or ftewartry.

- rnAtxi

iSrifJ Anno regni tpjttJrageGhld qtfarto GfeORbn III. C; 55.  22 f

m And be it enaAed, That in cafe the magift rates of any may do royal burgh, or the just ices of the peace ofany (hire or ftewartry fo within St§tland% afiembled upon the days appointed by this aa {Juftices for executing the powers thereby committed to them, shall find neglecting, itoeedfary, it shall and may be lawful for them to continue or Ac. adjourn their meeting to the next lawful day/and no longer r and in cafe the magistrates of any royal burgh, or the justices of pace of any (hire or ftewartry, shall nor, upon one or other of tWe days, completely execute the powers committed to them 1; this a&, by allowing or refuting the petition or claim of every person within their several diftridb, who shall apply to . them for a licence to fell ale, beer, or other excifeabte liquors by retail, then and in that cafe, >t shall be lawful to the clerk of such royal burgh, or his lawful deputy, and to the clerk of the * peace of such (nire or ftewartry, or his lawful deputy refpeClivcly,  *

and they are hereby required, after making an entry or record that the (aid magistrates or justices of peace had hot completely executed the powers committed to them by this aft, to deliver or cause to be delivered to every person who shall have (b applied to the magistrates or justices of peace aforesaid, and upon whole application no deliverance or order shall have been made asf aforesaid, a licence duly stamped as afbrefaid, and signed by fudir clerk as before direAed, which shall be as good and effeAual fo the receiver thereof as if the fame had been allowed, granted, and signed in a meeting of the said magistrates or justices re-fpedively: provided always, that no cleric of any royal burgh,-• or clerk of the peace, or their deputies, shall grant any licence ' under this aA, at any other time than within three days foU lowing the days appointed by this aA for the magistrates of justices of peace to grant the fame.  *  •*

XIV.  And be it enabled. That in cafe the clerk of any royal Prnxltv 00

burgh, or any clerk of the peace, or their deputies, (hall, in such citrks for either of the cafes before exprefled, refuse to lign and to deliver  u?*•  *

fuch licence to any person applying for the fame as aforesaid,

and offering payment of the (bmp-duties with the foresaid fee of one (hilling, then each of them fo offending shall forfeit and pay to each and every person to whom or for whose behoof such licence ought to have been delivered as aforesaid, the sum of ten pounds, with full costs of fait; to be sued for and recovered before the (heriff or ftewart-court of the (hire or ftewartry within which the person fo offending shall refide, in manner bercin-after direAed.

XV.  And beit further enaAed, That the clerk of each royal Clerks anna* burgh, and the clerk of the peace of each (hire or ftewartry al,y ^ *na^° refpeftively, shall be bolden and obliged annually to make up a

true and exaA lift in a book or register to be kept for that pur-licenfed, an & pofe, of the names, defigoations, or additions and places of abode transmit a of ail persons within their refpeAive diftri As, to whom licences C0P7~° for retailing ale, beer, or other exciieable liquors, shall be deli-vered in pursuance of this or the aforesaid aA, which lift shall be' duties at signed in the book or register aforesaid by the clerk of each royal Edinburgh* VOI.XLV.  CL  burgh,

«6 Aanq icgni quadragefirao quarts GsOR&ti IK. c. 55, [r8o$.

burgh, or clerk of the peace of each (hire or ftewartry, or their lawful deputies refpe&ively, and shall be carefully preferred with tjfye other records under their care; and the clerk of each royal burgh, and the clerk of the peace of each (hire or ftewartry, and their deputies ceipe&ively, shall be holden and obliged, on or before the twenty-fifth day of June in every year, to transmit to the collect or of the ftacnp~duties at Edinburgh an exact copy of frefc lift taken from the (aid book or regifter, duly attested and figoed by such clerk or his deputy; and in fcafe any clerk or his deputy dull neglect or fail to make up and sign such lift in a book or register as above direded/or shall neglect or fail to tranfoiit an exact copy of such lift as entered in the said book or register to the collector of the ftamp-duties at Edinburgh as above required, the person or persons offending (halt, for every Penalty. such offence, forfeit and pay the sura of ten pounds, to be faed for and recovered before the sheriff or ftewart-court of the (hire or ftewartry within which the person fo offending flull re fide, io manner hereinafter dire&cd; and in cafe any (uch clerk or his deputy shall wilfully omit to insert in the afbreiaid regifter, or in the copy thereof, to be transmitted as aforesaid, the name of any person who (halt be licensed to retail ale, beer, or other fxcifeabte liquors, within their feverai diftrufts, or shall wilfully infort m such regifter, or copy thereof, to be tranfrokted as gforefrid, the name of any person as licensed who shall not have been fo licenfed, fteeb clerk (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pav the foot of forty shillings for each person licenfed, whofr name mail be omitted to be inserted in the (aid register or copy thereof, to be transmitted as aforefaid; and five pounds for etch person not licenfed, whofc name fhallbe inserted in such register or copy thereof; to be sued for and recovered before the (hcriff or fiiewart-court of the (hire or ftewartry within which the person fo offending (halt refide, in manner hereinafter direded, Penalty on XVI, And be it ena&ed. That every person in that part of keej^ Great Britain caHed Scotland, who, after the paffirig of'this ad, J^^hout heep ** alc‘houfc, tippling-houfe, or vifiualling-houfe, or yCCOCCe shall fell ale, beer, (pints, or other excifeable liquors, by retail, except in fairs, or who shall fell foreign wines, or Briti/b-mito wines, or. fweets, by retail, to be drank in their houses or placet adjoining thereto, without being licensed according to the di» re&ioos of this aor the former ads before noticed, and shall be thereof, donvi&ed in manner hereinafter mentioned, every such offender shall forfeit and pay for the first offence the sum of five pounds, for the second offence the sum of ten pounds, and for the third, or toy subsequent offence, the sum of twenty pounds, and (hall, after the said third offence, be incapable of keeping an ale-houfe, tippling-houfe, or vi&ualling-houfe, or of felling ale, beer, or other excifeable liquors, by retail, or of having any licence for such purpose thereafter; all which rtfpec* five penalties and forfeitures shall and may be sued for and •  recovered before the (hedff or ftcwart-court, or before any jufticc

or jufticcs'of the peace of the (hire or ftewartry, or the baillie*

227

4

cwrt of aay royal burgh, within whose jurifdiCiion rcfpc&ively the offender or offenders shall refide,' by any person who shall icfonn, and fue, and prosecute for the fame: provided always, that it (hill and may be lawful for the judge or judges before whom any prosecution shall be brought for a nrft or second offence in felling cxcifeable liquors without the licence hereinbefore preferibed, if he or they shall fee caufe, to mitigate or lefien the foresaid penalties to die extent of one half, but no fur* ther, fo that the judge or judges shall not be at liberty to reduce the penalty for a first offence below two pounds ten (hillings, or the penalty for a second offence below five pounds; and in every cafe of mitigation, the expences of conviction mull be awarded against the offender over and above the mitigated penalties,

XVII.  And be jt further enaCted, That any person or perfoni What woof

fued or prosecuted . for retailing as aforesaid, without licence,“  for

may and shall be legally convicted thereof, on their own con- conviaK>a* frflion, or on the oath of one credible witnefs, or upon evidence,

by the (lock-book or other accounts kept by the gauger or officer of excife, which he is required to produce, attelled by the oath of such gauger or officer, that the person fo sued or prosecuted has been charged or surveyed as vidualler or retailer, and has been charged with the fame duties of cxcife that victuallers and retailers are usually charged with and pay for all beer and other excifeable liquors within the period mentioned in the information, complaint, or other procefs,

XVIII,  And be it enaded, That all penalties and forfeitures Penalties a«d herem-befbre deferibed may be sued for or prosecuted before the

refpedive courts herein-before appointed, by summary com- recovered, plaint or ordinary aCtion, within fix months after the committing of the offence, and shall be payable, one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefiors, and the other moiety thereof to any person or persons who shall sue or prosecute for the fame, and may be recovered and levied either by the usual execution of the law of Satlafidj or by distress and fate of the goods and chattels of the offender (rendering to him or her the overplus after the charges of the said distress and sale (ball be deduced], by a warrant signed by the judge, juftice, or magiftrate, before whom fisch offender shall be convicted, and which warrant shall contain power to enter houfe$, and break open doors, in order to make* sech distress effectual, and may be carried into execution without necessity of any previous intimation of the conviction: provided always, that no such warrant for distress shall be carried' into execution before the expiration of fix days after the conviction of every such offender; and the clerk or clerks of the respective courts aforesaid before whom any conviction of any of the. offences aforesaid shall proceed, (hall, and they are hereby required carefully to preserve the whole grounds and warrants of every fuoh conviction amongst the other records of such court, and shall not be obliged to return or certify the fame to any other court; any thing in the aforesaid a£t to the contrary notwith-tadiqg.

v  XIX.  And

a*8.

v

Pylons aggrieved may appeal to the court of ex-ckqocr^c.

XIX.  And be it further ena£ied,That no process or sentence upder the authority of (his ad shall be subject to the review of the court of session in Scotland, but that it shall and may be lawful to any person or persons who shall think him, her, or them-felves aggrieved by the sentence or decree of any judge, juftice, or tnagiftrate, cooviftiog him, her* or them of any of the offences aforesaid described in this ad, within three days after the date of such decree or sentence to appeal to the barons of his Majesty's court of exchequer at Edinburgh^ which appeal shall either be taken in open court, in presence of the judge, juftice, or magi-flratc, who shall have pronounced the decree or sentence appealed from, by 2 writing signed by the appellant or his procurator, or at the office of the clerk of such court, by a writing signed as afoce(atd,all which appeals the clerk of such court shall carefully lodge and prefefve ajong with the proceedings in the original fuit* and the person or persons fo appealing (hall, within fix days after lodging such appeal, give in to the clerk of the said court his reasons of appeal, and a bond with a sufficient surety to profecuae die said appeal with effed, and to pay such colls as ftull be awarded against him, her, or them, in cafe the appeal dull be difatided, or the sentence or decree appealed from be affirmed, and which reasons of appeal and bond shall likewise be lodged and preserved by the said clerk along with the proceedings in the original fuit; and in dafe the person or persons fo appealing shall neglect to give in his reasons of appeal and bond to pro-fecute the fame as above required, the appeal shall be holden as parted from, and the sentence or decree against which the appeal was taken, shall to all.intents and purposes, become Anal,and be carried into execution according to the directions of this a &j and in Cafe the reasons of appeal and bond for prosecuting the fame shall be duly lodged as aforesaid, the clerk of the court appealed from, shall and u hereby required, within fourteen days after the date of such appeal, to transmit to the solicitor of the ftamp-dutics at Edinburgh a full extract of the whole proceeSings in the original fuit, and of the decree or sentence following thereupon, and of the appeal, and reasons of appeal and bond for prosecuting the lame, duly signed by him or his lawful deputy, for which he shall be entitled to receive the ordinary fees of an extracted decree, and which exrraft the solicitor of the (lamp-duties shall immediately lodge in the office of the King's remembrancer in the court of exchequer, and fo soon as such extra ft shall befo lodged, it shall ami may be lawful to cither party, appellant or refpdndent, to apply to the barons of the said court, or any one of them, as well out of term time as in term time, in order to have a day appointed, for hearing and determining such appeal* and the hid barons, or any of them, shall accordingly appoint such day as they {hall think proper, of which due notice shall be given by the party who applied for such day, to the other party in the said appeal, ten days at lead before the day for hearing and determining luch appeal.

XX.  And

1S04.]Anno regni quadragefimo quarto GeorctiTII. c.55. 229

XX.  And be it enafted; That the fard barons, or any one of Bmm* of e*> them, (ball, and he or they is or are hereby empowered, as well out of term time as 5n term time, to hear and determine such appeal appeal, and to give such judgement thereupon as to him oir them cither »oor shall seem juft, and to award full costs of furt in cafe the appeal (ball *»t of urm. be difmiffed, or the sentence or decree appealed from shall be affirmed, which judgement shall be final to all intents and porpofes, wdfubjeft to no other review whatfoever; and the feid barons, or any one of them, who shall give such judgement, may and fa\\ grant warrants for levying the sum or (urns awarded by such judgement, by distress and sale of the gjoods and chattels of the perion or persons against whom such judgement shall be given, and his, her, or their surety or fureties, and for such other execution of the law, in the fame way and manner as the inferior judge, juftice, or magistrate before whom the original furt was brought, might have done for levying any of the penalties in-Med by this aft.

XXI.  And whereas it is expedient that persons empowered to grant licences by virtue of this aft Jhouli not be fwaytd by inter eft in the execution of the powers vested in them y be it therefore enafted.

That no justice of the peace or magistrate in any (hire, ftetfrartry, No justice or

or royal burgh, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland\ who nwgiftrate,

is a brewer, maltfter, diftiller, or retailer of ale, beer, or other

excifeable liquors, or is concerned in partnerlhip or otherwise with fj,a|j io *

any brewer, maltfter, diftiller, or retailer of ale, beer, or other any infecting

excifeable liquors, at any of the time or times when any of the jp* granting

powers in this aft are to be executed, shall aft in any of the «ceDce,>

meetings for granting any licence or licences, or shall convict or

join in any conviction directed by this aft; and every magiftrate

or justice of the peace who shall offend in any of the premifes

(hill for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds,

to be recovered by any person who will sue for the fame, within

fix months after such offence is committed, by aftion, bill, plaint,

or information in his Majesty's court of exchequer in that part

of Great Britain called Scotland, in which no effoign, protection,

wager pf law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed;

which said penalty of fifty pounds shall be paid, one moiety

thereof to the person who fue$ for the fame, and the other moiety

to the collector of the cess for the (hire or ftewartry within which

fuch justice or magistrate has offended, to be applied for the re*

pafation of the highways or bridges in suchibire or ftewartry,

in such manner as the persons who by law have the ordering and

dirc&ing of such reparations, shall think proper,

XXII.  And be it further enacted. That in cafe any aftion, AdMonatobe

fiiit or otl)qr, profe^itfipi), shall be had* brought, or profecuted,  ex-

againft any person or perfons, for or by reason of any aft, matter, chequer at* or thing, by him, her, pr tb$try dohe or committed by virtue or Edinburgh* in pursuance of this aft, that.then, in every such cafe, the aftion,

fuit, or prqfecutjon {foil be laid and prosecuted in the court of exchequer in Edinburgh% Mid not qlfe where;,and*that.in every fucb aftioq, fqitj or pr$j^tion, the de&fldttt dr defendants may

*30 Anno itgni quadragefkno quarto Georgii HI. c. 56. [1B04.

General ifliie. plead the general jffoe, and give this a£t and any other a£t or ads of parliament, and any other matter or thing, in evidence} and in cafe there {hall be a verdi& or verdi&s therein for the defendant or defendants, or judgement therein shall be given for th<| defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs, profecutoi or prosecutors shall become nonfuited, or the plaintiff or plains tiffs, profccutor or profecutors, shall difeontinue such action 01 fuit, that then, and in every such cafe, the defendant and defend ants in every such a&ion, fuit, or profecution, shall recover hit Treble colts, her, or their treble coils of fuit.

CAP. LVI.

An act for establishing and maintaining a permanent additional fsru for the defence of the realm, and to provide for augmenting his M* jejiy's regular forces; and for the gradual reduction of the milit'U of England.—[June 29, 1804.]

wHEREAS it is expedient that a permanent additional fern Jhotdd be eJtabUJhed and maintained under regular officers for the defence of the realm, and for augmenting and /applying bn Mayefty's regular forces \ and that the militia v/* Eng! and j/bouli bi gradually reduced, under certain rejlriftions and regulations, t$ tk original quotas specified in an aft, passed in the forty-fecund year oftk reign of his present Majejly: may it therefore please your Majeity that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King's molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament! affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That a permanent rorec 10 uc additional force shall be eftablUhed and maintained in Engicnl, ralfed)andthe a°d toall be raised and completed in the manner by this aft di-quotas of the re&ed; and from and after the completion of such additional force (everal coun- under this a£l, the quotas to be maintained and supplied in the manner directed by this aS, by each of the several counties in England,, shall be as follows} that is to fay:

A permanent additional force to be

al counties fixed. s

For the county of Bedford four hundred and twenty-two;

For the county of Berks seven hundred and forty-eight}

For the county of Bucks seven hundred and ninety-eight}

For the county of Cambridge fix hundred and forty-one;

For the county of Chtftor, with the city and county of the city of - Chefier, one thousand one hundred and eighty5 For the Cinque Ports four hundred and forty*two $

For the county of Cornwall eight hundred and fixty-two;

For the county of Cumberland eight hundred and twenty;

For the county of Derby one thousand two hundred and fifty* two;

For the county of Devon, with the city and county of the city of Exeter, two thousand and fintecn;

For the county of Dorfet, with the town and county 6f the tdwa , of Pool, five hundred and forty-eight;

For the county of Durham fix hundred and. fifty-fix;

5  For

iSo4«] AaMrcgBiquadfAgefioioqi»rtoGc<>ftMiU)^ c,$<*

For the county of Bgex one thousand fix hundred and fiftv-eigfat ;

For the county of Sloucefter, with the city and county of the cky of Ghute/hr, and the city and county af the city of Brifl$l> one thousand five hundred and fifty j For the county of Htreford fix hundred and ninety-three ;

For die county of Hertford fix hundred and forty;

For the County of Huntingdon two hundred and twelve;

For the county of Kent, with the city and county of the city ef Canterbury (and exdufive of the Cioque Porto), one thouland (even hundred and twenty-eight;

For the county of Latuafer three thousand two hundred and fifty- » two;

For the county of Leicefier eight hundred and fifty-(even;

For the county of Lincoln, with the city and county of the city of Lincoln, one thousand eight hundred and twenty-four;

For the county of Mddtejex (exclufive of the Tower Divifion, commonly called The Teuter Hamlets), four thousand and fifty• For die city of London one thousand fix hundred;

For die Tower Divifion, commonly called The Tower Hamlets, one thousand four hundred and ninety-three;

For the county of Monmouth three hundred and feventy-tbree;.

For the comity of Norfolk, with the city and county of the city of Norwich, one thousand fix hundred and twelve;

For the county of Northampton nine hundred and fixty-fivc ;

For the county of Northumberland, with the town and county of the town of Newcaflle-upon-Tync, and the town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, eight hundred and fixty-five;

For the county of Nottingham, with the town and county of the town of Nottingham, seven hundred and fifty-two; for the county of Oxford eight hundred and four; for the county of Rutland one hundred and ten;

For the county of Salop one thousand three hundred and twenty-one;

For the county of Somerfet two thousand and feventy-four;

For the county of Squtbampton, with the town and county of the town of Southampton, one thousand one hundred and thirty-three; .

For the JJle of Wight one hundred and forty-pine ;

For the county of Stafford, with the gty and county of the city of Litchfield, one thousand five hundred and ten;

For the county of Suffolk one thousand three hundred and eighty-nine ;

For the county of Surrep one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one;

For the county of Suffex, exclusive of the Cinque Ports, one thou-land and feventy;

For the county of Warwick,' with the city and county of the city of Coventry, qnc thousand one hundred and thirtY-seven ;

Foe the county of Weflmoreland three hundred and twenty-four; For the county of Worcefttr, with the city and county of the city of Wmyjler, eight hundred and twenty-one ;

For

s$z Anno regni qtiadragefimo quarto Georgii IIL c. 56. [1804.

For the county of Witts one thousand two hundred and twenty-two 5

For the Weft Riding of the county of York% with the city and county of the city of York, three thousand two hundred and thirty-eight;

For the North Riding of the said county one thousand two hundred'and fourteen;

For the East Riding of the said county, with the town and county ' of the town of Kingflon-upon-Hull, seven hundred and fifty-two;  #

For the county of Anglejea one hundred and seventy ;

For the county of Brecknock two hundred and feventy-two;

„  For the county of Cardigan three hundred and twenty-five;

For the county of Carmarthen, with the county borough of Car* I marthen, five hundred and forty;

For the county of Carnarvon one hundred and feventy;  |

For the county of Denbigh four hundred and fifty-eight; '

For the county of Flint two hundred and fixty-eight 5 For the county of Glamorgan five hundred and thirty-feven;

For the county of Merioneth one hundred and fixty-one;

For the county of Montgomery three hundred and feventy-two; For the county of Pembroke, with the town and county of the town of Haverford'Wefty two hundred and fixty-eight; and, for the county of Radnor one hundred and eighty-Jix.

iti^o be^de- * And be it further enaded, That in the several counties in ficient by re- which the full number of men required to be raised by an aft, turns of clerks parted in the last session of parliament, intituled. An act to enable °t g?ner.il his Majcjly more effectually to raise and offemble in England an ad-befimmediate- ^itional military force for the better* defence andfecurity of the United ly raifed, and Kingdom, andfor the more vigorous prosecution of the war, shall not when the de- have been raised pursuant to the provisions thereof refpechvely, ficiency shall the number of men that shall appear to be deficient upon there-afeertai^ned turns to be ma<*c under this a & by the clerics of general meetings, and certified AhzW forthwith and without any delay be raised in manner in this according to a& directed, for the additional force undeMhis a£t; and when and this ad, »f it fa soon as the actual number of men deficient in any Tuch county nuinSr the ^avc ^eon a^ccrta*nc<* under this a6t, and certified pursuant remainder to the provisions thereof, if such number fliail exceed the number fiiall be forth- returned deficient by the clerk of the general meetings, then and with raifed. -ip foch cafe the remainder of such deficiency shall be forthwith raised in such county, for such additional force; unless the full number of men specified as the number deficient shall have been raised and completed therein, before the delivery of the certificate of the deficiences and vacancies under this a&.

Infpe&ttvge- UI. And be it further enaded, That the infpedor-general of of^iSrv^tcT arm^ re^crvc> or his deputy, (hall, as (bon after thepaffing make returns ofthis a£t as may be, transmit to the clet ks of the general" media the form in ings of lieutenancy for the several counties in Engiaud,in which fehedule (A,) whole (lumber of men required by the (aid recited a<5t of the to clerks of jaft fC|f:oa 0f parliament shall not have beon jaifed, or in which

1804.I Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 56.  433

anv deficiencies may remain therein, or in which any vacancies pciaeral -any have arifen, which have not been fupplied, an account, in *ve^iwticcto* the form in the schedule to this aft annexed, marked (A.), fpe* fh^county citying the numbers of men that have been received, and that lieutenant, kave been difeharged, or have died or deferred, before the latest who shall fun** period to which such account can be made up, and the number •fe/Feftive men ferving, and the number that shall remain de- •* feient of the whole quotas in such additional force in fufh re*

IjxJiive counties ; and every such clerk of general meetings (hall

immediately give notice of the receipt of such account to the lieu-

fcnanr, or, in his abfence, to the vice-lieutenants refpeftiveiy of

tie country to which he shall belong, who shall forthwith fum-

fcon a special meeting of lieutenancy of such county, to meet

ekhin any period, not exceeding twenty-one days nor less than

burtecn days, after the receipt of such account as aforesaid 5 and Clerk to give

every such clerk to the general meetings (bail also immediately notice of

Eve notice in writing of the place and day and hour appointed tlirinfpeaor-r such meeting of lieutenancy, to the said infpeftor-general, or general or his & deputy; and on the request of the infpeftor-general, or his deputy, on fcputy, signified to the clerk of the general meeting, such day rwlueft toy be altered, by ptiblick notice from two deputy-lieutenants printed in some county paper, to any day, not exceeding four-iten days from the Jirft day fo appointed, nor less than fevett kys from such notice, and the clerk of general meetings shall (hereupon forthwith give notice of such alteration.

IV.  And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Infpeftor-ge* bid infpeftor-general,or his deputy, to appoint in writing one or more proper persons to attend at each of such general meetings, to attend who shall a (Tift the deputy-lieutenants at such meetings during meetings, to the examination of such accounts, and of all other papers relating **?« ^c" fherero, or to the railing of any such additional force, or any de- nante in^xa-ficiencies therein, and in the comparing the fame with the re- mining returns to be made by the clerks of general meetings under this aft, turns, &c. and and for the purpose of giving any such information on the behalf1" transmit of the infpeftor-general as may be neceflary; and the infpeftor- [o^th^clerks general aforesaid or his deputy (hall, as soon as may be after the 0f the general palling of this aft, transmit to the respective clerks of the general meetings, meetings the names of the persons fo appointed by him for the purpefe aforefeid, and of their places of refidence.

V.  And be it further enacted, That the clerks of Ihe several subdivision meetings in such counties (hell, immediately after the j“^t^l,10"0 palling of this aft, make out, for the use of the clerks of the gene- tranfmir to ral meetings of lieutenancy of their respective counties, an account, the clerks of in the form in the schedule to thi£ aft annexed, marked (B.), of thc general the number of men who have been ballotted to fcrve in such ad-  the

d.tional force as aforesaid, for their respective fubdivifions, since form jn fcbe-thelaft return^ made by them, to such clerks of the generafmeet- dule (».) of ings refpediveJyi if any such. returns shall have been made,and if *he number no such returns shall have been made* then since the passing of the said recited aft bf the lastfetiidn of pailiament; specifying in such C * fturns the names of the merr fo ballotted to serve as aforesaid, and the. parishes or places for which they have been ballotted.

Penalty on ikrkfc for pegled or making salic returns.

Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Gxorgii III. c. 56. [xJ04.

«id which of such men are adualiy ferviag or have provided fubJ ftitutes 10 serve in such additional force, and which of them have paid ihe penalties by the bid recited ads impofod, for not Serving or finding a fubftiturg to ferye therein j and if any such clerk of any subdivision meetings shall omit or neglect to make such return as aforesaid, for the (pace of ten days after the passing of this ad, or shall knowingly or, wilfo|ly make any falfc return, focb clerk shall forfeit and pay for every such offence the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered and applied as any fucb penally ' may be recovered uodtr any aft relating to the militia, or under, this ad. '

Clerks of gc~  VI. And be it further enaded, That the clerks of the gcnei

neral meetings meetings in such counties refpc&ively shall make out, for tl turn*in the  °* loch meetings of lieutenancy, returns in the form in tl

form in fchc- schedule to this ad annexed, marked (C.); and shall specify is dule (C.) and such returns the number and names of the men who have bees rfCm ra^ flm* enrolled in their respective counties, and also the appointed by* divifions, parities, and places, or united pari(hcs and places for Mlpeltor-gc- which such men shall have been fo raised and enrolled, and the serai | and number deficient in each of such divifions, parUhes or places, t0 or united parishes or places,.as far as the fame cam be afeemined, u&>&Ca and shall also specify the number and names of the men charged, together with the number and names of ail men certified or known to have deserted or died since their enrolment; and shall refpc&ively transmit such returns to the perlonsfo appointed in the respective counties -and places as aforesaid by the infpe&or-gencral, five days at least before the days rcfpcc-tively appointed for the first general meetings of lieutenancy is aforesaid, and shall at the fame time transmit duplicates of fccii returns to the infpe&or-general aforesaid, or his deputy, and jhal also produce at such general meetings as aforesaid, correct duplicates of such returns, together with any other papers, vouchers, and documents, relating to such additional force jss aforesaid, as may be requisite to facilitate the invefiigation and com-parifon of inch accounts and returns; and if any such clerk shall omit or neglc& to make or transmit any such return or dupli-cate, or to produce any such duplicate as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully make any false return, such clerk shall forfeit and pay for every such offence the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered as any iii?^ penalty may be recovered under any a & relating m the militia.

VII.  And be it further enabled, That it shall be lawful for any person or persons fo appointed by the infpe&or-geoeral or

.....^__ Isis deputy as‘ aforesaid, and every such person and persons is

fpclt returns, and are hereby authorised at any time after the passing of this c. in poflef- ad, during the period of his or their being employed in tie execution of this ad, at all seasonable times to infped, examine and take copies of any returns, papers, books, vouchers, or documents, relating to the levying or completing ti e (aid additional force, that may be in the custody or possession of the clerk of the general meetings of the county for which be or they shall have been appointed for the purpose aforesaid.

V01. AaJ

Penalty for negled.

Perfons appointed by miptdor-ge-neral may m

fion ot clerk of gtn^rfcl mceungr.

i3©4«] Anno regoi qnadrageirmo quarto Gkoxgii III. c. 56.  235

VIII.  And be h further eha&ed, That the depuy-iieetenanti Deputy-lieu-of such respective counties shall afiemble at such special meet-tt>nantf to esc" inp as aforesaid, and adjourn such meetings if necefiary, fo *•

tha1 e*ery such adjourned meeting shall be held wichui (even infpeaor-ge-days after the meeting immediately preceding; and shall care- m«v»I and fully examine and compare the accounts of the infpe&or»generalcauf** fc transmitted as aforesaid, ani the returns which shall be pn0- Sficatc^to beT" duced and laid before them by the clerks of the general meet- made out in ags, and all otftier proper documents and vouchers that may be the form in produced a\ such meetings, by any person or persons fo appointed fch«lu^ (D*) by the infpe&or-general as aforesaid, together with all such re- ™ be fenuo* turns, vouchers, papers, and documents, as may be in. the the inl'petfor bands of the clerks of the general meetings relating to such ad- and another to ditional force, and to tbc deficienccs that may exist therein} and the county (hall, after such examination and comparison as aforesaid, catifciieu nan to be made out a statement and certificate in the form in the fchedole to this a St annexed, marked (D«), specifying the numbers of men that shall have been raised and enrolled in their respective counties, and in their respective subdivisions and pa* tifhes thereof, and the numbers of men fo raised that shall have been discharged, and the numbers that shall have died or have deferted, and the numbers that shall have enlisted for general fervice; and the deputy-lieutenants prefentat such meetings shall sign two of such statements and certificates, and cause one thereof to be forthwith transmitted to the said infpedor-general or his deputy, and the Mother thereof to be transmitted to the lieutenants or their vice-lieutenants of such respective counties.

IX.  And be it further ena&ed. That it shall be lawful for Lieutenants soy lieutenant or vice-lieutenant to whom any such ftatement

and certificate shall be tranfmitted* as aforesaid, who shall fee meetings to be ration to apprehend that the fame is erroneous or defe&ive, or summoned lor who shall receive his Maiefty's directions, to be communicated ie-ex«minA-by one of his principal secretaries of date for that purpose, to t,on cause another special meeting of deputy-lieutenants to be fum-mcnl8' c* moned to meet within fourteen days to re-examine the feme 5 and the deputy-lieutenants at such meeting, together with any person or persons fo appointed by the irifpedor-general as aforesaid, shall meet and re-examine such statement and certificate, and examine any further information that may be laid before them in relation thereto, and confirm or alter the fame as they shall fee fit; and such deputy-lieutenants shall sign two of the ftattments and certificates fo confirmed or altered, and cause one thereof to be forthwith transmitted to the said infpe&or-general or h?s deputy, and the other thereof to be transmitted to such lieutenant or vice-lieutenant as aforefaid; and every such lieutenant or vice-licutenant (hall, on the receipt of fetch first * statement and certificate, if he shall fee no reafan tb apprehend that the fame is erroneous or defective, or if no directions shall have been communicated to fetch lieutenant or vke-ttetitenant refpe&vely, through one of his Majesty's principal (ternaries of

ftatc.

i$6 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c.56. [1804.

flate, within fourteen days, or after such re-examination tbercuf as aiorefaid, sign the fame.

Militia to be X, And be it furiher enafted, That, from and after the ^wd^othe ^PW'3^11 °f fourteen days after the palling of this ad, the onginaiquotas mditia raised in the several counties in England\ under an ad mentioned in pafied in the forty-(econd year of his present MajeAy, relating ts 41 Geo. 3. the miiitia, shall be gradually reduced, in the manner and unda if s°-  and subject to the reftriftitms and regulations in this aft con-

tained, m each of the several counties in England^ to the quota! in the laid act specified as to such counties refpeftiveLy* and . from and after such reduction shall have taken place under this aft, the numbers specified in the said act as the original quotas of such respective counties, exdufive of any fupplcmentary militia, and no more, shall be fupplied, and continue to ferv$ for each or such counties.

Where the XI. And be it furiher enafted, That, from and after the. original quota expiration of fourteen days atter the palling of this aft, no max no foaM  or  be  enrolled  to  serve  in  the  militia  of  any,

I allot to take county, in which the number of men actually fervmg in thp^ j lace tiU the militia shall exceed or amount to such original quota as afore^ runiberjs re- fajdv or for tfje. supplying any vacancies then exifting, or that cuce ow may ihcreafter arise in such militia, until the militia of such county (ball be reduced below the original quota thereof fpe* eified in the said act relating to the militia.

^^®her equal XII. And be it further enacted, Thai in every county in^ inanycounty  foil  number of men required for the militia of such.

to be raised * county lhall not have been completed, or in which any vacancies for additional that shall have ari.eo therein lhall not have been, fupplied, there ft rce under lhail be raised in manner in this aft direfted, as soon after the this act, &c. expiration of such period of fourteen days as aforesaid as the fame can be done, for the additional force under this aft, a i number equal to the whole of the deficiency that shall then ex ill j in the militia of such couuty; an.i as often as any vacancies shall thereafter arise by the death, dchnion, or difebarge of any men ferviog in the ini nia of such county, and until by means of such vacancies the mil.ua of such county shall be reduced to the original quota thereof, there shall be railed in like manner, according to the provifions.of this aft, for the additional force under this aft, a number equal to the amount of such vacancies. Where less XIII. Provided always, and be k furiher enafted. That if than the on- the nurnber of men actually ferving. for any county shall be less fs^emiaguhe l^an die original M^ota of such county, then and in such cafe 1 deficiency .number fufficieiu to complete (uch quQta shall first be. raised and shall first be .enrolled in the mi itia of such county, according to the several raised for the a(qg relating to the militia.

y lUa\ ,  . XIV. And be k fun her enafted, That, from and after the

d^hTdefcr P3®ng °f *hjs a^* cvpry vacahqy that shall arise in any regt-tion, &C. to be menu, battalions, or ^prps ot such additional -force, by death or certified by defertion, or iix.confequence of any men being reclaimed as dc-r fcrters from his Majesty's other .forces, oc from the oigopes or

manning 01-  adlkia,

1S04] Aftfio regtii qitadragefimo quarto Geough III. c. 56. 237

mtliria, or by such men being claimed as apprentices, or becoming fioer to the vnfit for service and being discharged accordingly, shall forthwith certified by the commanding officer thereof to the in- ihaJl wmwlly Ipfftor-general aforesaid, who shall annuaHv transmit to bis Ma- inmfmit the jefy's privy council the total number of fuen vacancies aforesaid, numbers to stat shall have arisen and been certified to hinTin the year ending «the first day of September in each year. '

XV.  And be it further ena&ed, That, from and after the Men to be an* jrtSng of this aft, there fhali be raised in thefeveral counties in

hilindy for the year ending on the first day' of OSfobsr onc^^*Jnfing rtoufand eight hundred and five, towards supplying the va- from men en-cancies that have arisen in such additional force, by reason ofhftinRtntothe the enlisting of any persons serving therein into his Majesty's regular forces, a further and additional number of nine thousand thilJI qoooim men; and after the expiration of such year, there fhali, as soon one year# dteras the fame can be done, be railed for the year beginning . on the first day of Ofiober one thousand eight hundred and five, and ending on the first day of October one thousand eight hundred and fix, for such additional force, amumber of men equal -to the full number that shall have enlisted in his Majesty's regular forces in the preceding year 5 and in each and every fuc-ocediftg year a number of men equal to the number that fhali bwe enlisted into his Majesty's regular forces in-the then pre-: ceding year lhall in like manner be raised for such additional force: provided always, that rio greater ntimber than nine thousand men lhall be required to be raised for any one year, towards the supplying any vacancies that fhali have arisen by toeenlifling of men from such additional force into his Majesty't regular forces in any preceding year,

XVI.  And be it further enacted, That -his Majesty's privy Privy council council fhali canfe such number of nine thousand men, and alfo*°

toe number of men required to be raised in each Aacceeding

year, for the supplying the vacancies arising from the enlisting ^ apportioin

of men as aforesaid, together with the total amount of such ed among the

vacancies as aforesaid, which shall have arisen in the course ofcounties ac- '

the preceding twelve months in the several counties in

to be apportioned among such counties according to the re- awtVnclinam-

fyeflive original quotas of men, required at the time of makingben tnutf-

fech apportionment, to be raised in such rcfpedlive counties, hutted to the

under the fa id a<5ts relating to the militia, and (hall, as

after such apportionment fhali have been made, as the fame can noticegiveni*

be done, cause the numbers fixed and fettled * by fitch ap- the Gazette,

ponionment, to be transmitted to the respective lieutenants of &e,

the several counties in England, or their vice-lieutenants, and

ftalfalfo cause notice thereof to be given in the London Gazette,

and such lieutenants-or vice-lieutenants (ball immediately fum-*

mon general and subdivision meetings of lieutenancy in their

refpeflive counties;, and the deputy-lieutenants at such meetings*

Itiall divide a nth apportion the numbers fo fixed and fettled* among the hundreds in their respective counties, and among* toe leveral paiifhes of such hundreds, according to the pro-

vifions

A$no rcgnj quadragefimo quarter Gsorghill. c. 56. [1804.

vifions of the several afts relating to the militia, in ordet that such men may, as speedily as portable, be raised for the additional force under the provisions of this alt.

Mbn raised XVII. And be it farther eitafted, That all men raised under aft ofiatt ^ (^e ^*d recited aft of the last session of parliament shall be fvffion to he deemed and taken to be part of the additional force under this1 deemed-part aft, and (hah be maintained, (applied, and regulated, from and oj the kree after fa paffiog of this aft, according to the provisions thereof. Un<kr this aft. X VjjL And ^ h fgrthw d> That, from aftd after the

aritin^inW expiration of fourteen days after the pafling of this aft, no

a^ldtiubnal  vacancies which shall have arisen fo the fain additional force

' force railed  raised tinder the said recited aft of the last session of parliament,,

****** bc ®*tc* ul> ^ applied *>y ballot in the manner directed by

rAffd under the ^id recited aft; but all such vacancies, and alfq all vacancies

the provisions which shall at any time after the parting of this aft arise in the

of this aft. additional force to bc raised under the provisions of this aft, by

death or defertion, or in consequence of any men being re-

♦ claimed as deserters From his Majcfty's other forces, or front

the marines or militia, or by such men being claimed as ap-

£0 much of prentices or becoming unfit for fervice, and being difeharged

recited aft as accordingly, (ball be supplied in the manner directed by this aft.

relates to af- XIX. And be it further enacted, That fo much of the faid

feffing fines rtcjled of the Taft session of parliament, as relates to the

proXIeiUc- sdJcffing or levying of any fines or penalties on any counties or

cording there* parishes, in respect of any men that (ball not have been provided

to; and to according to the provisions of the said recitedj aft, fall be tod

affcfiing fines ,^c £,pc js hereby repealed, and fo much of the said act relating

** tbc  °f  England*  as relates to the artefling or levying

men in Eng- any fines or penalties for any default in not having found and

land repealed, provided men for the militia, according to the provisions of the

as to deficit  from  and after the parting of this aft, be and the

tirae^fpaf-9 is hereby repealed as to all deficiencies existing at the time

' £ng this aft, of the pafling of this aft, and also as to all vacancies that may

ana to future hereafter arise in any county, until the militia shall have been

vacancies till reduced to the original quota accprding to the provisions of this the militia bc ^

^ginal^9 XX. And be if further enacted. That it (ball be lawful for quotas. the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of anv pariih, at PuiHi officers any time within one month after the expiration of fuck four-may provide teen days as aforesaid, as to all such men as are by this aft he°* ■■Sf* re<lu*red to be r fifed after such period, in respect of deficiencies ^mmeuto ^ t^c. milfoil Qr fach additional force, and also within on* month after any apportionment (ball have been made at the ftsbdivifton meeting within fitch pariih, in respect of such nine thoufend men a* aforesaid, or of any further xumberof men required to supply the place of any men that shall have been eniifted inbo his Majefly's regular- forces, or of any vacancies that shall have arisen in such additional force, and also at any time after any such respective periods as aforesaid, before any recruit (ball have been provided by dny commanding-officer under the provisions of this aft, to supply any such deficiency or _____  vacancy,

L

iSo4-2 Anna tegoi quadrageflmo quarto Georgi i HI. c. 56.  039

vacancy, to provide end produce to the perfbns appointed ta  s

recent such men any per (on to fcrvc in foch additional forces

tnd every facb churchwarden or overleer of the poor, producing

uj man for such additional force, Jhatt be entitled to reccHr#

fach proportion of the whole bounty to be allowed in rtfped ai

nch maa, as his Majesty shall from time to time by any regu*

Wons made in that behalf diredt

XXI.  Provided always, and be it farther enaded. Tine every Sttch **** fad mas who shall be found and provided by any fach church- resident Hardens or overfeers, shall have been ordinarily relident thirty Within certain days or more within the parish for which flxch man dull be limits, of found sad produced, or in fame ether parish in the fam^fobdi- which they vision or hundred, or in some parish in the fame county, ^Jtincatis^o sore than twenty miles, or in some adjoining county not more ^

fan ten miles, distant from the parish for which fach man shall ft raws atteft* he found and produced, and (hair produce to the justice of the mg them, pace or magi (Irate before whom he (ball beartefted, a certificate.

«r such residence from any one of the churchwardens or over*

fans of the parish in whicn he shall have fo redded, which certi-

feite the churchwarden or overseer finding or providing fach

mats hereby required to give; and in cafe such churchwarden Penalty

or overseer shall neglect or refuse to make out, figo, and dfeiivec

fach certificate to the man (b found and provided by him, or

lull knowingly make out and deliver a false Certificate, such cates or giving

churchwarden or overseer shall for every such offence forfeit and folk ones.

pay any fom not exceeding five pounds nor Lefs than twenty

(hillings, at the diferetion of the juftiec before whom he shall be

coavifted thereof, to be recovered as any like penalty may be

recovered under any ad relating to the militia.

XXII.  And be it further enaded. That, from and after the No rates or palling of this ad, it flull not be lawful for any churchwarden fubicriptions or overseer of the poor of any parifh, or any other peefan or

perfon* to make, raife, or levy any rate or rates, or any fob- foai to wh*."

krription or fubferiptions, or funq or Turns of money, or to give,

sdmee, or promile any sum or sums of money for thfc purpofa

cf inducing any person to eniift as a volunteer, in any such

additional force as aforsfaid; and every churchwarden and over- Penally for

fcer of the poor, and other person who shall in any. manner pay gi ving or pro*

or give, or advance to any person any sum or sums of money, or

any bounty, gift, or reward, or who shall promise any sum or bounty.

fums of money, or any bounty, gift, or reward, other than such

bounty as feaH be allowed and paid by or under his Majefiy's

Stations in that behalf, shall forfeit and pay for every fuoh eoce the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered, levied, paid, and applied as any like penalty may be recovered, levied, and applied, under any ad or a&s relating to the militia : provided Overfeers may aifo, that it shall be lawful for any overseer of 4he poor of any advance fub-. parilh, out of any rate in his hands for the relief of the poor, to advance, for the subsistence of any man r>fcd and provided for ^arch to the such force by any such parilh, during his march to the place of cemlcavous. rendezvous, any fom not- exceeding the rate of pay as two flail-

lings ..

24°  Annoregni quadragefimoquarto Georg nTIL c* 56I [1804.

lings per day, of (o many days as would enable such man to march from the place where he was raifed, to such place of rendezvous, to be calculated at the rate of not less than ten miles per day, with the afual number of halting days: provided always, that all Aims of money fo advanced, in respect of any men that shall be approved and attested for such additional force* shall be repaid to such overseer by the officer appointed for receiving such men, to be by such overseers carried to the account of the rates from which the fame shall have been advanced as afore* . faid.

His Majesty XXIII. And be it further enabled, That it {hall be lawful may appoint for his^lajefty to appoint a convenient place or places of ren-&*‘vou°/and‘ dezvous in every county in England^ for the men to be railed officer to”ap- f°r additional force, and to appoint at every such place of prove or re- rendezvous an officer, especially authorised by his Majesty, or jfft Bum, who the commander in chief of his Majesty's forces for the time re>klon/to 'being, to approve or reject the men produced and provided the clerk$of° u°der this ad, according and subject to such regulations as his the fubdivi- Majesty shall from time to time establish for that purpose, and fions, and the such officers way approve of or reject any such men accordingly; act^ralT* an<* cvcry °^cer rejecting any such man shall forthwith certify c  the fame to the clerk of the subdivision meetings of the fubdi-

vifion for which such man shall have beeh produced, and also to the infpedlor-general aforesaid, or his deputy.

Bounty tothe XXIV. And be it further enacted, That such bounty as his Majesty shall diredfc, not exceeding' three fourth parts of the Ibch regula- b°unty l^at ftiall be from tittle to time allowed by his Majesty tions as bis for recruiting the infantry for general fervice, shall be allowed Majesty Ihall and paid in respect of every man who shall be provided or raised direft. to fcrve jn such additional force under this adl; and fo much of such bounty shall be paid to every such man at such times and places, and in such proportions as to any advance of any part thereof, and in such manner, and under and fubjedi to such regulations, as his Majesty (hall, by any regulations from time to time made in that behalf, be pieafed to order and diredt; and Treafury may it shall be lawful for the lords-commiflioners of his Majefly's order twunties treafury, or any three or more of them, to order any receiver-of anyPdutics16cneralto advance and pay any sum or sums of money for or in under the rcfpedfc of any such bounties, or any advances in respect thereof, management as may be neccflary, out of any publick monies in their hands, of tiie com- or received or receivable by them out of any rates and duties mituoneriof uncjcr thc management of the cornmjffioners for the affairs of taxes •, and all mopies paid under any such orders as aforesaid shall be good and valid, and be allowed to all such receivers* Bounty to be general in their accounts: provided always, that such bounty in lieu of all shall be in lieu of all allowances and payments of money ta allowances. wjjjch any such man might be or claim to be entitled under any of the provisions of the said recited adt; any thing in the (aid recited adt contained^ the contrary notwithftanding. Commanding XXV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any man pfEcers may serving in such additional force as aforesaid shall become unfit

for

iSo4*J Anno regni quadrngefimo quarto Gsoactx III. c* 56.  242

for ftrvjct in the judgement of the commanding officer of  men

battalion or corps to which he shall belong, it shall be lawful for such commanding officer to discharge such man, under (uch xeAriflions as by. any regulations of his Majesty are or may be provided in that behalf* as to his regular forces, or to the additional force under, this a61, and every such discharge shall be valid and effectual to all intents and pirrpofes.'

XXVI.  And be it further enaded, That In every cafe In Where the which the number of men required to be raised in any pari(h

under this ad, shall riot be found or provided within such re- not beprovid* fpedive periods as aforesaid, or shall not the approved in such ed, theparifh manner* and according to such regulations as his Majesty shall (hall pay »«{• direct in that behalf, such parish shall become subject to the  by*

payment of the Aim of twenty pounds, by way of fine, to be the dqmty-adefied and ftifedin manner by this ad direded, and the deputy lieutenants of lieutenants of the subdivision in which such patifh shall be, (hall, the fubdiviand they are Etereby required forthwith to certify the fame to the raid infpedor-general or .his,deputy; and it shall be lawful r£]y and upon for the commanding officer of the regiment, battalion, or corps, notice from to which such men shall have been appointed, upon the receiptfhc C°FK of any notice from the fayi infpedor-general or his deputy, °f  oSg

any such deficiency not having, been made good, or of any such ^cruitL vacancy not having been filled up, to enlift, from any place # where he shall find it mod convenient, any recruit or recruits to make good any such deficiency, or to fill up such vacancy, and to pay to each such recruit fo enlisted any such Aim by way of bounty,* not exceeding the proportion herein-before direded, as  •  -

(hail be allowed by his Majesty's regulations in that behalf. •

XXVII.  And be it further enaded, That it lhall be lawful Generalities*-for the lieutenant and deputy-lieutenants, assembled at any baf?0t°the or^ general meeting of lieutenancy under any ad relating to the^r°nw^* mi/itia, or to any such additional force, and they are hereby A^bdivifions, required, at some general meeting in each year, to afeertain and fluHftand fix by-ballot the.order in which the rcfpeclivq

hundreds, and pari(hes refpedively, in their rclpedive counties and^aufe a (h?lf fbnd, as to the Supplying any deficiencies or vacancies that lift m the (arm may exist or arise therein, by the recruiting of any men by any in schedule commanding officer under the provisions of this ad $ and (ha I, (E.)tobefcftt immediately after the fame shall have been fo afeertained and ^Q”r^c* fixed, cause a lift of such fubdivifions, hundreds, and pari(hes and the agent refpedively.entered in such order* and in the form in the fche* general for the dule to this ad annexed, marked (E.) to be transmitted to the ofre* infpedor-general aforesaid, orchis deputy, and to the agent-it^owWch general for the army of referve; and all recruits that shall be the recruits * raised by any commanding officer shall be appropriated to the lhall be apteral, fubdivifions, hundreds, and pari (hes relpedively, in the propridtei order in which such fubdivifions, hundreds, and parishes shall have been entered in such lift as aforefaid; and the infpedor- nrr^|9 0rge-general aforesaid, or his deputy or general agent aforesaid, fliall, neral'agent, as soon as the fame can be done, give notice thereof to theto g*vc notice overseers of the poor of the parish to the account of which such of uleparHh Vox*. XLV.  R  recruit  jq  whoie ac-

&4t Aftno regni quadragefitao qtuurto Gmroii IH. c. 56. [1804.

epunt the men recruit shall have been Entered, and shall fpccify the name, y.r;„a7e^cc> tefidence. occupation, and description of such recruit. m. ♦ « La XXVIII. And he it further enabled, That every man pro. the folio win z v»<led apd railed under this aft, to (me in such additional force, thall take the following oath; (that is to (ay),

oath.  <  T A.B. do make oath. That to the best of my knowledge

JL and belief I am  yegrs  of  age;  was  born  in

the pariflt of  In  or  near  to  the  town  of

in the county of  that  1  am  by  trade  or  occupation

a ■ that my left piece of. residence was at in the pariflt of  in  or  near  to  the  town  of

in the county of  in  the  character  or  occupation

of  that  I am np ways disabled by lamenels, but

have the perfect ufc of my limbs; that I ant not subject to fits, have no rupture, am no apprentice, nor belong to his Majesty's other forces either of army, navy, or marines; and I do further sincerely promise »n<| fwear, That I will be faithful and bear true allegiance to his majesty King  and that 1 will

faithfully serve his Majesty ip Britain and Ireland, and the islands of Gnernfij, jtr/ey, and Alderney, for the defence of the fame for the period of Eve years, and further until fix months after the termination of any war iq which this kingdom may at the expiration pf the said period be engaged, by the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, unless I shall be foooer difeharged. As witness my hand, this  day  of

the regular forces.

By whom the which oath may be administered in like manner, and by fucb and the fame perfoos, as any oath may be administered to any men raised under the said recited aft of the last session of par* liament, or to any men enlisted in any of his Majesty'* regular Men to be at- forces; and every such man shall be attested in like manner, and tested at for by fuc(, persons as any man may be attested for his MajellyY regular forces, fo far as such arteftation, or any certificates relating thereto, can be made to apply to the service of any man in the-additional force under this aft.

Hu Mijefty XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it ihall be lawful men here- <M f°r bis Majesty, from time to time to cause the private nun toforeor here- heretofore railed, or that fttall hereafter be raised to serve in after raised such additional force, to be formed into additional or reGervcd he formed battalions; to be attached, (where circumstances will admit of S^aUon»?to *be fame), to any regiments or battalions of his Majesty's re-be attached to gutar forces, bearing the name of the county, or counties in battalions of which such additional force shall have been railed, or into fc• the regular  parate battalions, not attached to any other regiment or b«-

feraatebat-0 ta^on: provided always, that in any cafe in which the men taiions not fo raised to serve for any county, or any proportion thereof, cannot attached, itc. conveniently be attached to any fuen battalion bearing the name of any such county or counties, it shall be lawful for bis Majesty to attach the fame feparately, or with any other men railed in. any other county, to any other battalion of his Majesty's re*. gular army, as flull appear to his Majesty to be moil proper.

XXX. And

L

i$04'] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto (Geokgii III. c> 56.  243

XXX.  And bo it further ena&ed, That none of the (aid men, Men not to be to to raised by virtue of this ad, Audi be compellable or com- compellable to pelled, on any pretence whatever, to serve out of the United certain Umiu. Kingdom, and the illands of Guimfyk Jtrfey* and Aldefney^ uri-

lefs tjicy shall freely and voluntarily enlist in any of his Majesty's forces for general fcrvice, and shall bare been for that purpose previously and duly difchirged from their service in the additional force to be raised by virtue of this adt.

XXXI.  And be it further enabled, That it shall be lawful HU Majesty for his Majesty to appoint such officers and noo-commiffioned ®ayappoint officers to command and discipline such regiments^ battalions,

or corps, as his Majesty shall think fit; and every such officer, fioned officers, and every non-com miffioned officer and drummer, ip any such who, as well regiment, battalion, or corps, and every such private man, from *• the time of his being' (Worn as aforesaid, and during the time j^t^muuny for which such force shall remain embodied, as well as the ad- iaw$4 ' ditional force to be raised by virtue of this a&, shall be subject to all the provifions, rules, regulations, pains, and penalties as well pains of death as others, as are or may be contained in any a& of parliament then in force for punching mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters; and any articles of war made in pursuance thereof; and all the provifions, powers, authorities, pains, penalties, and forfeitures, as well pains of death as others, contained in every such a& and articles of war, shall be in force with respect to the additional force to be raised by virtue of this adt, and shall extend to *U officers, non-commiffioned officers, drummers, and private men of the fame, in all cafes whatever.

XXXII.  Provided always, and berit further ena&ed, That Term for

no part of the force to be raised or maintained under this act which the men

(fuch men only as shall have enlisted for general service ex-

cepted), shall remain embodied for more than fix months after

the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, unless in purfuance

of any a6k or a£k$ of parliament which may be hereafter patted

for that purpose.

XXXIII.  And be it further ena&ed, That at the expiration Infpeftors-ge-of such vefpc&ivc periods within which any man may be found ner^to fcnd. and provided by the churchwardens or ovcrfcers of the poor of q^arter-fcf-^ any parish as aforesaid, or as soon after as the fame can be done, fions, certi-the (aid, infpe&ot-general or his deputy shall from time to time ficatesof de-traofmit to the justices of the peace or magistrates assembled at y^ndes who the several general quarter-feffions of the peace, held for

refpc&ive counties in England, certificates of the deficiencies penalty, &c. and vacancies that remain to be filled up in their respective counties; and such justices of the peace, or the magiftrates. assembled at such feflions, shall assess the penalty ^of twenty pounds for each private man fo certified to be deficient as aforesaid ; and every such penalty may and shall be assessed and apportioned as to the parishes or united parities which shall have made default according to the provisions of the said a& relating to the militia, and.ftall be recovered as dire&cd by this atf, and

r 2  applied

z44

Anno regni quadragefirao quarto Georgii IIL c. 56. [1804,

applied towards the railing the men for filch additional force: provided always, that if at any time after any such penalty shall have been afiefied and paid as aforesaid, and before such notice shall have been given of any recruit having been raised as : aforesaid, a man shall be found and provided by the churchwardens or overseers of such parish or united parimcs, to supply . the deficiency in respect of which such penalty was ailefled and paid, then and in such cafe three-fourth parts of the amount of such penalty (hall, under the order of the secretary at war or his deputy, be applied towards the payment or discharge of any other fine or fines due from such parish or united pariflies, or if no fines shall be due, then (hjdl be paid to the overleers of the poor for the relief of the poor of such parifii or united parilhes. Separaterates XXXIV. And be it further epafted, That, from and after to be made for the puffing of this aft, no fines or penalties afiefied on aoy parilb, StteT^from ky reason of any default in not having provided or produced any which certain men for such additional force, according to the provisions of persons shall this aft, shall be paid out of the poor's rates ; but in every such be exempted. cafe a feparate, diftinft, and special rate shall be made for the payment of such fines, in such and the like manner, and according to such and the like rules and regulations as any rate may be made for the relief of the poor, and shall and may be collefted, levied, and recovered by such and the like powers as any rate raised for the relief of the poor may be collefted, raifed, levied, and recovered: provided always, that every person ferv-ing in any volunteer or yeomanry corps, and entitled under aoy aft relating to volunteer or yeomanry corps to any exemption, and every person who shall be now ferving, or who shall during the present war have served either personally or by substitute as a private man in the militia or any additional force under the (aid recited aft of the last session of parliament, whole aileflment in any rate for the relief of the poor shall be mad4 on any pro-. perty not exceeding in annual value according to the valuation on which such rate shall be made, the sum of twenty pounds,

*  (hall be wholly exempt from such rate; and every such perfon

whole assessment shall be made on any such property, exceeding in annual value as aforesaid such sum of twenty pounds, shall by reason of such service be exempt as to such property to the amount of such sum of twenty pounds, and be ratted in such rate only to the amount by which such property shall exceed such annual sum of twenty pounds as aforefaid; and if any person shall think himfeif or herself aggrieved by any such rate as aforesaid, such person may appeal to the next general or quarter feflions, in such manner as is provided in cafes of appeals against rates for the relief of the poor,.

XXXV.  And he it further enacted. That all fines, and also all arrears of fines, and all moieties of fines, paid or to he paid under any afts relating to the militia, or such additional force as aforesaid, and remaining in the hands of any person or persons whatsoever, and also all monies remaining in the hands of any clerks of fobdivifioo meetings, or any other persons what-

. .  Ibcvcr,

Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter fef-boat.

Recovery of hues, &c.

1804.3 Anno regniquadragcfimo quarto GeOroii III. c. 56.  24$

fever,* arising from any half part or residue of any Turns of money paid by or on account of any person ballotted to serve in the militia or fucb additional force as aforesaid, for the engaging of any substitute or volunteer to be enrolled in his ftead, and not subsequently paid over to the persons entitled to receive the fame, pursuant to the directions of the ads relating thereto, *

(hall be debts to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, and may be recovered as such, or in manner directed by this ad, or may be levied under any ad or ads relating to the militia or the said recited ad Of the last session of parliament, and shall be tranf-mitted, font, and paid to the receiver-general ef the county, and Hull Iks paid over by such receiver-general to the order of the Secretary at war, for the benefit of such person or persons as may be iuftly entitled to the fame.  *

XXXVI.  And be it farther enaderf. That all such half parts Application or refidues of any such Aims of money as aforesaid, remaining in °f residue of the hands of any clerks of fubdivifion-meetings, or of any other person or persons whatever, arising out of any monies paid by c\tvk* of fub-or on account of any person ballotted to serve in the militia, or divifion-mect-the additional force raised under the said recited ad of the last session of parliament, for the engaging of any substitute or volunteer to.be enrolled in his ftead, and not subsequently paid over to the person entitled thereto, fhall, in all cafes in which the person fo entitled thereto shall have been discharged as unfit for fervice, or have deferted, go and belong to the parifh, tything, or place, for which, such man shall have been enrolled to ferve, and (hall, by the order of the secretary at war, or his deputy, be paid to the overseers of the poor of such parifh, tything, er place; and all such Turns of money, when paid to such over-leers, and also all Aims of money arising from any moieties of any fines or penalties that fhall, after the expiration of twenty-one days after the palling of this ad, remain in the>hands of any overseers of the poor of any parifh, tything, or place, under the (aid recited ads, shall go and be applied in aid of the poor rates of such parifh, tything, or place, towards the payment of any fines or affefTments under this ad, and the furpius, if any, shall be carried to the account of the said rates.

XXXVII.  And be it further enaded, That in every cafe in Mode of re-whicb any such affefTments shall not be made by such justices °f the peace or magiftrates, pursuant to the provisions of this ad, ntdcbj juf-&nd in every cafe in which any treasurer of any county (ball tices, monies neglect or omit to pay any sums of money from time to time received by received by him in refpedof any such affefTments to any re- county-tree^ ceiver-general within twenty-one days after the receipt thereof;  by*

aod also in every cafe in which any overseers of the poor of any overfeers, parifh, tything, or place, shall refuse or neglect to raise any fines, &c, money required to be raised for the payment of any such affefi-ment,* within twenty-one days after the date of such afleftment; and also in every cafe in which any such clerks of fubdivifion-meetings, or other persons wbatfoever, having in their hands *ny such moieties of fines, or h*lf parts or refidues of such Aims

£46 Annoregni qciadragefimo quarto GfcoRdii IIL c- $6. [1^04^

of money a* aforesaid, shall not, within twenty-one days after the patting of this ad, pay the fame to such refpedlve receivers-general as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for his Majesty's court of exchequer, and the fame court is hereby authoriied, on the ap-plication of his Majesty's attorney-general, by motion to the (aid court, in a summary way, to hear and determine on the matter of such application; and if, on notice of such application to the clerk of the peace, or treasurer of the county, riding, divifion, 9'ity, town, or place, or overseers of the poor of the parifli, tything, or place, in respect of which default shall have been made, or to.the clerk of fubdivifion-mcetings, or other persons aforesaid, in relation to whom such application shall have been made, as the cafe may require, no sufficient cause shall be (hewn for such default, negled, or omittion as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said court of exchequer to fine any such county, riding, divifion, ftewartry, city, town, parifli, or place, or treasurer, overseer of the poor, or clerk of fubdivifion-meetings, or other person as aforesaid refpe&ively, in any sum not exceeding double the amount of the sum that ought to have been afiefled, or paid, or levied, or accounted for, as the cafe may be, and to cause the feme to be levied by dtftringas, or other prdeefs applicable to the nature of the cafe* according to the rules and v p rad ices of such court.

If meetings XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That arCh*0t hCld ^ through the neglect or mistake of any lieutenant or deputy-riod herein^6" h«ut*nants, or of any clerk of any general meeting, or other

Jirefcribed,  officer or perfon, or from any other caufe, any meeting required

pectal meet-. to be held for anv of the purposes of this ad, shall not be held }"?• may ^ within the period herein preferibed, a Special meeting may and ft cn, &c.  ^a|| ^  summoned and holden, for the purposes for

which any such meeting ought to have been holden pursuant to this ad,-as soon after such period as may be; and if any afl, matter, or thing, by this ad required to be done at any meeting as aforesaid, shall not be performed at such meeting, it shall be lawful for the persons respectively authorised and required to do ,any stich ad, matter, or thing, to carry the fame into execution at any subsequent meeting; and all such meetings fo summoned as aforesaid, and all ads, matters, and things refpedively, which shall be done and performed at any fach meetings as aforesaid, shall be as good, valid, andeffedual, to all intents and purposes, as if such meetings had been fummoned, and such ads, matters, and things, had been done pursuant to the directions of this ad.

Provisions relating to counties to extend to ridings, &c. ' and relating to hundreds to extend to other diyi*

XXXIX. And be it further enaded. That all provifions, diredions, claufes, matters, and things whatever, in this aft contained, relating to counties, shall extend, and be construed to extend, to all ridings, divifions, cities, towns, and places; and all provifions, diredions, claufes, matters, and things, in this ad contained, relating to hundreds, (half extend, and be cofl-ftrued to extend, to all rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other dl-vifidns-in or to any such county, riding, divifion, city, town, or

c  nlace;

z8o4-} Anbo regni quadragefttoc quarto Osorgii III. c. 247

place; and all provifiom, dircdions, claufes, matters, and things, in this ad contained relating to pariihes, shall extend, and be construed to extend, to all united pariihes in every cafe in which any parishes tpay be united for the purposes of this ad, and to all townfbips, tythings, and places, and to all extra-parochial places united therewith, for the purpoles of this ad or any ad relating to the militia, or to any additional force railed under any ad or ads of the last session of parliament, as fully and amply as if they were severally and respectively repeated in every fiich provifion, diyedion, ana daufe, and with relation ta • every such mattet^or thing.

XL. And be it further enaded, That all the powers, pro- Powers pf vifees, rules, regulations, forfeitures, penalties; claufes, matters, recited ad and things, contained in the laid ad of the forty-fecond year ** his prelent Majesty's reign, or in any 6ther ad relative to the {££ to militia, or in the laid recited ad of the lad session of parliament, * for railing and assembling an additional military force in iha.ll, in fo far as the feme are not hereby altered, varied, or repealed, or other and different provilions made in relation to < such additional force, or tl\e additional force under Wt» ad, be applied and practised for the purposes of this ad, and as to the additional force required by this ad, in as full and ample k manner as if the laid powers, provilbes, rules, regulfeioifr, for* feitunfs, penalties, claufes, matters, and things, were sgaifc repeated atid enacted in this ad.

XL1. Provided always, and Stf it further enaded. That none but not to the of the'provilions or clauses in the said ads or any. or either pf riving any al. them contained lhall extend, or be construed to extend, to th<- IhTtv^es or aathorifing, allowing, or giving any allowances 'or fuftjs df faLlies of money, or provision for the wives or families of any men men railed railed for the additional force- under this ad, after the paffinfc *fter P*®0* thereof.  ^a^'

XLLT. And be it further enaded, That this ad may be Aft may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any ad or ads to bepaffed in this a,t*reJ* ?f r<" (f2w of .parliament,  . '  $£**

SCHEDULES

*48 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto GeOrqii III./ c. 56. [1804.

SCHEDULES to which this Ad refers.

Schedule [A.]

ACCOUNT of Infpeaor-Generel of the ARMY of RESERVE for  of

Men received - - - 500  Quota » » 65°

Men discharged as unfit 60  Effe&ives who arc

  now ftrving, or

  who have entitled

Dead - - ' » ao  for General Ser-

  vice - - 39S

Defcrted - * • w  

— IIO  Deficiency - 260

■ 390    n 1   

G. A. Infpedor-General of Army of Referve. ort

-  £•  Deputy Infpc&or-General of Army ofRelerve.

iSo4*J AnnoregniquadragefunoquartoGEORGii III.c.56.  249

Schedule [B.]

s

SUBDIVISION of  '  in th*

County, of  '  <

j  f  Tythinga,  , Names o£ Men.  >      Date  of  Enrolment.  Penalties and Fines paid.

  or ” Places.  Principals,  Substitutes. *  Volunteers.    

  Hackney  tflington  Sam1 Joqcs -Tho» Smith -£dwd Smith -Will" Gray -  1  John Na(h -  John Merks • ¥  April 2.  m  <0>

  Totals -  »■ ^  '      

(Signed) A. B. Clerk to Subdivifion-Mcetings.

Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c.56. [1804:

Schedule [C-]

RETURN of Clerk of General Meetings of Lieutenancy o/the County of

Quota of County  650.

SubdiviGon of A, Quota z8.        SubdiviGon of B, Qjiota % 4J        SubdiviGon of C. Quota 31. '      

• P*ri<h of C, zo»        Parifli of E. $.        Parilh of P. xi.      

Men railed jmd enrolled.  Dif-  charged.  Dead.    Men railed and dprolled  Dif-  charged.  Dead.  Defartcd.  Men raised and enrolled.  Dif-c barged.  Dead.  pdertci !

A. B.  C.D.  E.F.  G.H.  I.K.  L.M.  k  •  •          \  •*  •  1

6  I  I  X                

Parilh of D. 8.                      

a.b:  C. D E.F. G.H.        Parifli of              

.4  I  I  1                

A

A.B.

Clerk to General Meetings.

ifof ] Anno ngni qnadragefitno quarto Ge6roti III. c. 56. 051

Schedule [D.]

CERTIFICATE of the Deputy •'Lieutenants of tb»v of

Total Quota of the        of    O  O  *0  

  Subdivifion of B.        Quota 740    

PARISHES.  awsat  Men nriferi and carolled.  Dtfchaifced  Dead.  feefcxted.  (/cMieiCj*  Meo cm tided in  Ann 7.

A,  B.  C.      1  - *  •    s

Totals  -            

  Subdivifion of £•    - -    Quota Ss.    

FUtlSHCS.  Ob  Men ratted and enrolled.  DilSurged.  Dead.  Defcrted.  Deficiency.  Men eniiftedin Atjny*

A.  B.  a  -  j  -  /    •  •

Totals -              s

Confirmed  (Signed)  ££}  Deputy-Lieutenant*.

Lieutenant.

N. Bo Where new Appointments have been made the new Quotas mull be (petrified, because Deficiencies arising from Vacancies will be altered in confequence.

252 Anporegni quadragefimoquarts Georgii III. c. 56. [1804,

Schedule [E.]

LIST of Hundreds and Parities,'in the Order in which Men are to be. recruited for the Year 1805, or (as the cafe may be.)  • ■ " ' . . . -      '    

Subdivifion of D. t    

* i-  Hundred of C. ■», or Rape of C.  [as tht cafe may te.]  *3*  Hundred of M,  4-  - Hundred of P.  \  s  J  1

1. Pariih of E. a. - - of F. j. • - of 6. 4.- . of  t. Pariih of P.  *• - - - Q  3.  - - - F.  4.  - - - M.  5.  - - - AT.  1* Pariih of 2» -  3.  - - -  4.  -  5.  - - .

Hundred of M.  *1 1 •  • 1 1 1  vO is  . Hundred of

  8. - - . r.  9* * • • A io, « . -  

Pariih of L. - -• * • 0.    1.  Pariih of  2.  - - -r  3-  4* - • * •  5.  - - .  6.  - r f  1

Afcertained by Ballot, at a General Meeting of Lieutenancy of the abort County, held at  on  the  Day  of  180

Signed,.  /  B:  *

Clerk of General Meetings.

A

i8o4*J Anno regni quadragcfimo quarto Georgii III. c. 57958. 253

CAP. LVII.

h ad to

exempt from duties on export all limns of tie mansfoRurt of tie United Kingdom.—[June 29, 1804.]

TI7HERE AS tie inttrejls of tie empire require that every W practicable encouragement Jbould be given to the linen menu-1dure thereof: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may je enacted ; and be it enaAed by the King's moil excellent lajcfty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiri-ktl and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament fcmbled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and No duty to fer the palling of this aft, no duty whatever shall be payable h* payableoit • the export of any linen of the manufacture of any part of |~f^xpoit ” ^ : United Kingdom; but that all linen of the manufacture of United Kingdom shall and may be exported free to any x whatsoever, and without payment pf any cuftom, fubfrdy, r duty whatlbvcr ; any thing contained in any a£t or a£U to the Dtrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

t

CAP. LVIII.

aB for directing certain publick accounts of Ireland to bo kid annually before parliament.—[June 29,1804.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the publick accounts {/'Ireland Jbould be prepared and mode ready add laid, before both bouses y parliament unthin a limited time after the close of each year; may jk therefore please your Majesty that it may be erta&cd; and b6 Itena&ed by the King's mod excellent Majesty, by and with put advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and Yommons, in this prefent.parliament aflembled, and by the  :  *

authority of the fame, Thar, from and after the fifth day rfThetreafiiry •January one thousand eight hundred and five, the lords-comr *nifioners for executing the office of lord-high-treafurer of Ire- publick ac-Jdnd for the time being ft^all annually cause an account of the counts to be total publick income of lreland% including all its ordinary reve- anauaDy xtues and extraordinary revenues, to be prepared and made out ^^Pa<v" for one year, ending the fifth day of January in each year, tor U gether with an account of the income of the consolidated fund of Ireland for every such year, and of the actual payment thereon within the said year, and of the future annual charge upon the laid fund, as the fame flood on that day; and also an annual account of the net produce of the taxes within the said year; and also an account of the arrears and balances due from all publick accountants on the said fifth day of January in each year; and*alfo an account of the exports and imports of Ireland» and of the (hipping registered in or belonging to the several ports of Ireland, within the said year; and also an account of the publick expenditure* of Ireland within the said year; .and also an account of the publick funded debt of Ireland^ and the tedu&ion thereof; and alfb an account of the unfunded and

outftanding

Anno regni quadragdimo quarto G&q&oii III* c $9. [1804

outftanding debts of Ireland, as the fame stood refpeftivcly on the fifth day of January io each year} and aUo an account, ihewing how the monies riven for the service of Ireland for t&c year preceding the said fifth day of January have been difrofed of; and also an account of the receipts and ifliies of the treasury of Inland within the said year, together with the balance thereof atthe end of the said year; and that the said lords-com- | < xniffioners <hall in each year cause such account to be laid before both houfts of parliament, on or before the fifth day of M&& in each year, if parliament shall be then fitting, or if p*rli>-snent shall not be then fitting, within fourteen days after the next fitting of parliament,

CAP, UX.

fin aft to indemnify folicitors, attornies, and others, who have ntr-j lifted to enter certificates within the time limited by an eft nek \ in the thirty seventh year of hit present Majesty \ and to amendji much of the said act as relates to 'the entering fueb certificates [June ig, 1504..]

WHEREAS by an aft, faffed in the twenty-fifth year $f th ^  reign of bis present Majesty, intituled. An for granting

?£* **  *° his Majesty certain duties on eertificates to be taken out by

folicitors, attornies, and others* practising in certain courts of justice in Great Britain, and certain other duties with refcsdu warrants, mandates, and authorities, to be entered or nlcd of record as therein mentioned, certain duties were granted on certi-ficates to he taken out by any felicit ir% attorney, notary, proftor, ogut or procurator, of bis admijfion, enrolment, or regifter, in tiny of th courts therein mentioned: and whereas by another aft, pafjediniU 37 Geo. 3.  thirty seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty,  intituled,  An

c. 90.  ad  tor granting to his Majesty certain ftamp-duties on the k-

veral matters therein mentioned, and for better securing the duties on certificates, to be taken out by folicitors, attornies, and others, pradlifing in certain courts of justice in Gnat Britain, it was enafted, that, from and after the time in the fold frj recited aft mentioned\ every person admitted\ fwom, enrolled, cr rt• giftered a folicitor, attorney, notary, proftor, agent or procurator, i% any of his Majeftfs courts at Weftminfter, or in any other oj A courts in the fata aft fpecifiei, should annually, between the firjl lej of November and the end of Michaelmas term then next filming during such time as he Jbould continue to practise in any of tit jail courts, or before such person Jbould commence, carry on, or defender* action or fuit, or any proceedings whatsoever in any of tbt fai courts, denver in to the person or persons in the said loft recited ad in that behalf mentioned, a paper or note in writing to thttfift therein direfted*, and that thereupon .and upon payment of themul imposed by the said act faffed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign if his present Majesty, every such person Jhould be entitled to such eertiji-cate as in the said recited aft is mentioned; and that every certifau Jo to be obtained, Jhould be entered in one of the courts in utbitb th

r&of] Anno regnt quadragefimo quarto Gkorgii III. c. 59.  >55

frrftn itfcribed therein JbouU bo admitted, enrobed, fwern, or regifi •

It'd, with the proper officer or officers of the fold counts, within

tb* time therein before defcrihei, before fucb perfen JbouU be adU

Wti to praaife ; and whereas fevered of theperfons who by the faii

kj recited aR are repaired to obtain and enter the certificate therein

Irationed, have, without aery intention to defraud bis Mayefty's re*

ume, negJeRed or omitted to obtain and enter the said certificate

Mil the time limited by the said last mentioned aQ\ by reafm

Vbtrtof fucb persons have incurred the penalty thereby impofed, and

OnfubjeR to actions for the fame, netwithfianding they have after.

bnrdi obtained and entered fucb certificates and pend the duty thereon :

mi whereas feme afliont nave been commenced and are depending,

yd ether aQions mty be commenced againji fucb persons for the re-

Usury of penalties incurred by them: and whereas it is expedient

Jkf nftef JbouU be given in the cafes before mentioned, and that the

|pi all Jbeuld he amended, as far as tfre fame relates to the time of

rntry rffucb certificates: may it therefore please your Majcrtv

put it may be eroded; and be it eroded by the King's molt .

excellent maiefty, by and with the advice and consent of the

lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par-

jbment affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That Perfons negu

Eere any person who by the said last recited ad is required to er his certificate ia the Cud ad mentioned, shall have neg- ™J^ficatei led or omitted to enter the fame within the time preferibed purfuaat to the said ad, but who ihall neverthdefs afterwards, and before 37 Geo, 3, ittecommencement of any action for recovery of the penalty? 9°* dapofed by the said ad for such neglect or omiflion, have en- jfenSred*' teed or ihall enter such certificate in manner therein direded, before next /ponded that such ceriifibate hath been obtainod in manner Hilary term, .lad time by the (aid recited ad direded, and ihall he entered ‘On or before the commencement of Hilary term next enfuing,

<t iweinafter mentioned and direded, then and in every such cafe every such person shall be and is hereby indemnified, freed,

-aid discharged from and against all penalties, forfeitures, incapacities, and durabilities incurred or to be. incurred for or by reason of such his neglect or omission as aforefaid; and all ads done by such person shall iri such cafe be of the fame force and validity as the fame or any of them should have been in cafe such person had entered the said certificate within the time and in manner by the said last recited ad limited and direded*

11.  And be it further enaded. That in cafe any action or In adion*, .adion* (ball before the pafling of this ad have been brought ©r tefore passing commenced against any person or perfons, for or by reason of foch neglect or omission as aforesaid, and which person or per- penalties for font Dull have obtained and entered his or their certificates in negled, the manner directed by the said laft-recited ad before the com- plaintiff* to mcncement of such action or adions, that then such person or cofo^anTau persons .ihall not be liable to the payment of any penalty for or additional on account of such neglect or omiflionj and the plaintiff or sum of 10/. plaintiffs in such action or actions shall not recover or be entitled to recover, in respect thereof, more than his or their

coils

z$6 Anncrregni quadragcfimo quarto Georgii III. c. 60. [1864,

cods which piay have been actually incurred in such aflion, or actions up to the twenty-third day of January one thoubnd eight hundred and four, to be taxed by the proper officer of the court wherein such action or adfons shall have been brought, together with the further sum of ten pounds in addition to such coils; and the person or persons against whom any such adiou shall have been brought, (hall, upon payment or tender-made to the said plaintiff or plaintiffs, or to the attorney or attornies employed in prosecuting such action or motions, of the costs fo taxed as aforesaid, and of the said additional sum of ten pounds as aforesaid, be wholly indemnified, freed, and discharged from j and against all penalties and forfeitures incurred by reafonof Jut no person any such pegledl or omission as aforefaid: provided always, finaljiXc- t^lat nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to ment than extend to indemnify any person against whom final judgement have been en- shall have been regularly otyained and entered up, on or before the said twenty-third day of January one thousand eight hun-Jan. *3^1*04, ^rC{* anc* f°ur* *n anf  *n  any of his Maj^fty's. courts of

ffiali be in- * record brought for recovery of any penalty or penalties incurred damnified. by reason of any such neglect or omission as aforesaid.

Inftead of the III. And be it further enacted, That fo much of the said ad iftof Novem- made in the thirty-feventh year of the reign of his prefem certificates^ Majcfty, as requires such certificate as aforesaid to be entered to be made *n the manner in the said a& mentioned before the end of any time be- Michaelmas term in the year in which the fame shall be ob- ' fore Hilary tained, shall be and the lame is hereby repealed; and that, tcnru  from and after the passing of this act it shall be lawful for any

perfon or perfons, who by the said laft-recited a & is or are required to obtain such certificate," in any year after the first day of November, to enter the fame at any time before the' commencement of Hilary term then next following; and every certificate fo entered as last aforesaid shall be as good, valid, and cffe&ual, to all intents and purposes whatfoever, as if the fame had been entered within the time for that purpose limited by the said last recited a&.  .  .

CAP. LX.

An act for the preventing of bribery and corruption in the election of member: to ftrve in parliament for the borough of Aylelbury hi the county ^Buckingham.—[June 29, 1804.]

WHEREAS there was the most notorious bribery ami corruption at the last election of burgeffas to serve in parliament for the borough of Aylelbury in the county of Buckingham: and whereas such bribery and corruption is likely to continue and be froc* tifed in the said borough in future, unless fame meant are tetktn to prevent the Jame: in order, therefore, to prevent such unlawful prat-tiers for the future, and that the said borough may from henceforth be duly reprefanted in parliament; be it cnaded by'the King's inoft excellent majfefty, by and with the advice and cbnfent of the lord's spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent

parliament

1804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 60.  2 57

prliamcnt aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That Perfona hav-from henceforth it shall and may be lawful to and for every ,n£ * freehold freeholder, being above the age of twenty-one years, who shall threehunt I have within the three hundreds of Aylefburyy or one or more of dreds of | them, in the county of Buckingham, a freehold of the clear Aylelbury of t yearly value of forty (trillings, to give his vote at every eledionYcajfy * of a burgess or burgesses to serve in parliament for the said vote at°,#

\ borough of Aylejbury.  elcaions for

II.  And be it further enalted. That the right of elefiion of Aylefbury.

I-1 member or members to serve in parliament for the said Right of t'-borough of Aylejbury shall be and is hereby declared to be in fh«i°n to be v such freeholders as aforesaid, and in the persons who, by

4 custom and usage of the said borough, have or shall hereafter persons hav-fbave a right to vote at such election 5 and the proper officer for ing a right > the time being, to whom the return of every writ or precept by custom of does belong, is hereby required to return the person or persons of a ^fbury to serve in parliament for the said borough who shall have theto Votc,

'‘major number of votes of such freeholders, and other persons Having a right to vote at such election; any law or usage to the contrary notwithftanding: provided always,4* that such freeholders only shall be entitled to vote as shall be duly qualified ho vote at elections for knights of the (hire for the said county w Buckingham, according to the laws now in being for regu-Natiog county elections.

III.  And be it further ena&ed, That every such freeholder, Freeholders, ‘before he is admitted to poll at any election for the said ***“£ borough, (hall, if required by the candidates, or any of them,f°Uow** c or any other person having a right to vote at the said election,

:£tfttake the oath, or, being one of the people called Quakers* thelblemn affirmation following; videlicet,

*T DO fwear, [sr, being a Quaker* solemnly affirm,] That 1 Oath.

1 am a freeholder in the three hundreds of Aylejbury* or any one or more of them, in the county of Buckingham* and have a freehold eftate, consisting of  [/?*!/}*#£

the nature thereof; and, if it confifis in mejfuages, lands* tenements, tr tjthtSy in whose occupation the fame are; and* if in rent* the neats of the owners or possessors of the tenements out of which such unt is iffidng* or of some of them], f&tuate, lying, or being at in the aforesaid hundreds, or in one or more of them, of the clear yearly value of  over and abovq

all rents and charges payable out of or in respect of the fame; and that I have been in the afiual pofTeflion or receipt of the rents and profits thereof, for my own ufe, above twelve calendar months [or* *bat 'the fame came to me within the time aforesaid by itfunty marriagty marriage fettlementy devife* or promotion to a benefice in a church* or by promotion to an office]* and that such freehold estate has not been granted or made to me fraudulently on purpose to qualify me to give my vote; and that the place of my abode is at  in  and  that I am

twenty-one years of age, as I believe; and that 1 have noc been polled before at this elediion.'

Voi. XLV.  S  Which

&5& Anno regni quadragefimoquarto Georgii III* c. 6r. ^1804.

Which oath or solemn affirmation the proper .officer to whom the return of any writ or precept for such eleflion Khali belong, Penah', for is hereby required to adminifter; and in cafe any freeholder or taking a false othCr person taking the said oath or affirmation hereby appointed, Khali thereby commit wilful perjury* and be thereof con-vifled; or if any person Khali unlawfully and corruptly procure or suborn any freeholder or other person to take the said oath or affirmation, in order to be polled, whereby he shall commit such wilful perjury, and shall be thereof convifled, he and they for every such offence refpeflively shall incur such penalties as are inflicted on persons guilty of perjury or fuboraathm of perjury in and by two afls of parl:ament, one made in the fifth year of the reign of queen Elizabeth, intituled. An act for punifbing fy.h persons as shall procure or commit wilful perjury, or Juborn or procure any person to commit any wilful or corrult ptrju7, and the other made in the second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An afi for the mart effeftuul preventing and further puni/bmeni offorgery, perjury, and Jubor nation of perjury, and to make it felony to Jleal bonds, notes, v other securities for payment of money, contrary to the said a&s. Proper officer IV. And be it further enafled, That such proper officer to to  on  whom  any writ or precept shall be direfled for making any

anVekdion c^C(^*on f°r feM borough, (hall, upon the receipt of such the day of his writ or precept, indorse upon the back thereof thedayoN.il receiving it, receipt thereof, in the presence of the party from whom here* and proceed ceived such precept, and shall forthwith cause publick notice to withhiVcer^n S*vcn within the said borough of Aylefbury, and the fevenl tain period, towns of Great Miffendm, IVendwer, and Haddenham% by affixing up a notice thereof in writing on the market-houfes, or on it* doors of the churches of the (aid towns, of the day of eleflior, and shall proceed to eleflion thereupon within the space of twelve days, and not less than eight days next after his receipt of the fame precept.,

Afl to be  V. And be it further enafled, That this afl shall be pub*

read before Jkkly read at every eleflion for the said borough of Aylejkn ^ededioa.10 immediately after the afls direfled by any afl of parliament to . be read thereat, and before the persons prefeut shall proceed to . make such eleflion.

CAP. LXI.

An afl ta amend two afls, made in the eighteenth and thirty-ninft . years of his orefent Adverty, for the errfting a court-boufc for the holding of sessions of the peace in the city of Weftminfter) and for purchasing certain buildings and ground between Saint Margaret* Itrect, (Jnioo-ftrcet, and King.ftreet, in the said city, for theufcuf the publick.—[June 19, 1804.]

Afls is Geo. v c. 7%. 19 Geo. 3. c. ft*. *3 Geo. a. e. 14- recited. And whereas the commifftoncrs appointed by the said recited afls, puffed in the eighteenth andthirty-ninth years of his present Majesty, have pur-chafcd, and agreed to ptmrhafe, certain ground, houfes, and prettifo, for the purpose of erefling a building for rhe holding the courts in the laid afls mentioned on the foe thereof j and whereas the erefling of the

laid

i8o4.3  Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Geokcii III. c. 259

laid courts on such ground* and the resort of persons to such courts, would incommode the approach to the two houses of parliament* and produce oonfidevablc inconveniences i and whereas the dean and chapter ot the coihgiate church of Saint Peter in Weftminfler are willing to fell the fit* of the said market of the city of Wettmintter (which market haa fatten into disufc) ; and such site will be more convenient for the purposei of errfl hag such boil ding for holding the said courts: and whereas the eommrffloners appointed by the said recited acts are willing to fell the ground, houfes, and premifcs, already purchased and agreed to be pur-thafrcL, to his Mtjetty, and to purchase the site of the laid market in lien thereof, and to erect the Lid court-houfe thereon: and whereas it is t^cflary that additional commissioners ihould be appointed for carrying ko efi'tft the said recited ads. General commissioners appointed who dmv fell the premises vetted in them to the ipecial commissioners mentioned in rhis ad for his Majetty. General commissioners may build the court-houfe on the flte of the market. General commissioners not to (red other buildings than the court-houfe. Performance of covenant with Elizabeth Doughty. For purchase of buildings and ground between Saint Margaret-ftrtct, Union-ftreet, and King-ftreet, for the improvement ot the acccfs to the houses of parliament. Extending provisions of 41 Geo. 3. c. 13 Premifts conveyed by this ad not to be granted or leafed under ads relating to crown lands. Directing the application of coirpenlation money. Where any quettion shall anfc, touching the title to money to be paid, the person who shall be in possession of the lands, &c. at the time of f'uch purchase lhall be deemed entitled thereto according to such pofleiflon. Direding the court to order reasonable expenurs of purchaies to be paid by the trultees. Publick ad,

CAP. LXII.

Ad ad for making further provision for making and maintaining an hi-

hnd navigation, commonly called The Caledonian Canal, from the Ealtern to the Weftern Sea by Invcrncfs and Fort William, in Scotland.— [June 29, 1804 ]

Aft 45 Geo. 3. c. vos. recited. Grant of fifty thousand pounds. Com-ffilfoners to meet in the manner directed by the recited ad, and for the pnTpofes of this aft, to exercise all the powers, and to observe all the directions given by the recited aft. Commiflioners may appoint officers and take iecurity. Officers quitting or difeharged, and executors of trol'e oying, to deliver up books, &c. Commiflioners to fettle accounts cf officers. Commiflioners may make bye-laws. Subfcriptions may be received. After the navigation mail be completed, commissioners may fell fiiares. Produce of sales to be paid at the receipt of the exchequer.

Committee of fubferibers to be appointed. New site of harbours forming either extremity of the navigation. Powers for making navigation. Loch Girry, Loch Quoich, or Qtpcta, and' Loch Arkeg to be embanked..

Houles, gardens, &c. not to be injured. Breadth of canal and towing pith. No building to be erected on the towing paths except for the navigation. If old roads are deftroyed, new ones to be made. Plan and book of reference to be authenticated by the speaker of the house of commons, and depofited. Not to deviate from the plan more than one hundred and fifty yards. Bodies politick. See. empowered to fell and convey lands, it' parties cannot agree, price to be fettled by a jury. Application of compenfation-money. In cafe of not making out titles, orifptrfons cannot be found, purchafe-money to be paid into the bank of Scotland. Rates of tonnage not to exceed twopence fteriing per ton per mile. Mile-ftones to be ereded. Commiflioners empowered to ieafe the rates. Navigation to be free upon payment oF rdei. Drains to be made to convey water from the lands adjoining, for fencing off towjng paths and makimr bridges, &c. Swivel or draw-bridgestobc (hut after vessels have palled. Works damaged by floods to be repaired by the cofnmiffiontrs. Land-owners may erect wharfs* fcc. Application of rates. Commiflioners ndt to use private wharfs.

s a  Penalty

Penalty not exceeding five pounds nor lets than forty shillings on perfont taking in or unloading goods, unless at publick or private wharfs. Meters to put their names and number on the outude of boats. Veffcls obftruCHng the navigation to be removed. Penalty on persons ohftru&ing the navigation, opening locks, or rieftroyuig the works. Regulations for vessels palling locks. Rights of land-owners to the fishery preferred. Power for land*owners to use plcafure-boats. Miner referred to proprietors. Recovery of fines and forfeitures. Perfons aggrieved by irregularity in distress to recover only the special damages. Appeal. Limitation of a&ions. General ifltie. Double coils. Publick aft.

CAP. LXIII.

An act for veiling a capital me Ullage, with the appurtenances, Gtuate in Kevin-ftreet, in the city of Dublin, called The Palace of the Archbi(hop of Dublin at Saint Sepulchre's, in his Majesty, his heirs, and fucceflors; and for applying the purchafe-raoney, together with another fun therein mentioned, in manner and for the purposes therein mentioned. —[June 19, 1804. J

C A LXIV.

An aCl to continue, until the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and five, the operation of an act palled in the last fettion of par-liamenr, to suspend proceedings in actions, profecutions, and pro*; ecedings under certain aCts relating to the woollen manufacture, and also under an act of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, fo far as the fame relates to certain persons employed or concerned in the (aid manufacture,-[June 30,1804.]

ACt 4i Geo. 3. c. 136. continued to July.i, 1805.

CAP. LXV.

An act to continue, until the fir ft day of July one thousand eight hundred and five, an a& patted in the last fettion of parliament, fur continuing two ads, the one patted in the forty-fecond year of his present Majesty, for regulating the prices at which grain, meal, and flour, may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Greit Britain; and the other made in the last fettion of parliament, for permitting the exportation of feed-corn from Great Britain to Ireland, sad the importation of malt into Great Britaiu from Ireland.—[July 3, 1804.]  *  j

CAP. LXVL

Jn afl for eftahlijhing and maintaining a permanent additional font for the defence of the realm^ and to provide for augmenting bis Majesty s regular forces \ and for the gradual reduction of th militia of Scotland.—[July ic, 1804.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that a permanent additional font Jbould he established and maintained, under regular officers^ for the defence of the realm% and for augmenting and supplying bis Majesty* s regular forces \ and that the militia of Scotland should bt gradually reduced, under certain reftrifiions and regulations, to tbt original quotas specified in an afi, pajfed in the forty-fecond year of the reign of his present Majesty: may it therefore please your Ma-jefly that it may be enadled; and be it enabled by the King's most excellent majefty,* by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and* temporal, and commons* in this present ^  parliament

i$04'] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 66.  261

parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That a permanent additional force shall be established ancTmaintained in Scotland, and shall be raised and completed in the manner by raffed, and the this aft direfted; and from and after the completion of such quota* of the additional force under this aft, the quotas to be maintained and Several couiu supplied in the manner directed by this aft, by each of thetici several counties in Scotland, (ball be as follows ; that is to fay,

For the county of Edinburgh four hundred and forty-four;

For the city of Edinburgh tour hundred and thirteen;

For the county of Linlithgow'one hundred and twenty-five;

For the county of Haddington two hundred and five;

For the county of Berwick two hundred and feven;  '

For the county of Peebles fixty;

For the county of Selkirk thirty-three;

For the county of Roxburgh two hundred and thirty-feven;

For the ftewartry of Kirkudbright two hundred and one;

For the county of Wigton one hundred and fifty-nine;  *v •

For the county of Ayr five hundred and eighty-one;

For the county of Renfrew five hundred and thirty-nine;

For the county of  Lanark  one thousand  and two;

For the county of  Stirling  three hundred and fifty-one;  • -

For the county of  Kinrofs  forty-feven;  #  ;

For the county of  Fife fix  hundred and  forty-five;  '

For the county of Dunbarton one hundred and forty-three;

For the county of Bute eighty-one;

For the county of Argyle four hundred and eighty-five;

For the county of bivernefs five hundred and twelve;

For the county of Perth eight hundred and feventy-one;

For the county of Forfar fix hundred and eighty-one;

For the county of Kincardine one hundred and eighty-one;

For the county of Aberdeen eight hundred and fifty-four;

For the county of Banff two hundred and thirty-nine;

For the county of Elgin one hundred and eighty-four;

For the county of Nairne fifty-feven;

For the county of Cromarty twenty-one;

For the county of Rofs three hundred and fixty;

For the county of Sutherland one hundred and thirty-three;

For the county of Caithnefs one hundred and fixty-one;  *

For the county of Dumfries three hundred and feventy-nine;

For the county of Clackmannan feventy-five.

II. And be it further enacted. That in the several counties Men appear-and ftewartries in which the full number of men required to bein?to be dc-raifed by an aft, passed in the lad fefiion of parliament, intituled, returns of An all to enable bis Majcjly mare effectually to raise and ajfemble an derks Qf additional military force in Scotland, for the better defence and fetu- general meet-rify of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous prosecution e/'?n?s to.be the vjar, shall not have been raised pursuant to the provisions thereof refpeftively, the number of men that shall appear to be when the de-deficient upon the returns to be made under this aft by the fidency (h«ll

clerks have been

264 Anno regni quadragcfimo quarto Georgii III. c. 66. [1804.

aforefaid, and shall at the fame time transmit duplicates of such returns to the infpcdtor-general as aforesaid, or his deputy, and shall also produce at such general meetings as aforesaid correct duplicates of such returns, together with any other papers, vouchers, and documents, relating to such additional force as aforesaid, as may be requifixe to facilitate the investigation and comparison of such accounts and returns; and if any such

ne jea or for c^er^  om^ or ne6^®^ to ma^c or transmit any such

m^kfug falser return or duplicate, or to produce any such duplicate, as afore* faid, or shall knowingly or wilfully make any false return, such clerk shall forfeit and pay for every such offence the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered as any like penalty may be recovered under any ad relating to the militia.

VII. And be it further ena&ed, That it shall be lawful for any person or persons fo appointed by the infpedor?general or his deputy as aforesaid, and every such person and persons is

Penalty on clerks for

returns.

Perfons appointed by infpe&or-ge-neral may in-

fix, in poflef-fion of clerk of general meetings.

* Deputy-lieutenants to examine accounts of

caufe a ftate-ment and certificate to be made out

fpeft returns, and are hereby authorised at any time after the patting of this r  during the period of his or their being employed in the

execution of this ad, at all seasonable times to infped, examine, and take copies of any returns, papers, books, vouchers or documents, relating to the levying or completing the said additional force, that may be in the custody or possession of the clerk of the general meetings of the county for which he or they (ball have been appointed for the purpose aforesaid.

VIII.  And be it further enaded, That the deputy-lieu-tenants of such respective counties or ftewartries shall assemble at such special meetings as aforesaid, and adjourn such meetings the infoc&or- if neceflary, fo as that every such adjourned meeting shall be general, and held within (even days after the meeting immediately preceding ; and shall carefully examine and compare the accounts of the infpedor-general fo transmitted as aforesaid, and the returns which shall be produced and laid before them by the wd c*er^s ^e gcn®r*l meetings, and all other proper documents and one copy anc* vouc^crs that maybe produced at such meetings, by any to be sent to person or persons fo appointed by the infpe£lor-generS as afore, the infpe&or- (aid, together with all such returns, vouchers, papers, and do-general and cuments, as may be in the hands of the clerks of the general county^lieu- C mee**nSs relating to such additional force, and to the deficiencies tenant. that may exist therein and (hall, after such examination and comparison as aforesaid, cause to be made out a statement and certificate in the form in the Ichedule to this a& annexed, marked (D.), specifying the numbers of men that shall have been raised and enrolled in their respective counties or ftewar-trics, and in the respective subdivisions and parifoes thereof, and the numbers of men fo raised that shall have been difeharged, and the numbers that shall have died or have deferted, and the numbers that shall have enlisted for general fervice; and the deputy lieutenants present at such meetings shall sign two of such (htements and certificates, and caule one thereof to be forthwith transmitted to the said infpedlor-general or his deputy,

and

i$04'] Annoregni quadragefimo quarto G rough III. c. 66*  265

and the other thereof to be transmitted to the lieutenants or their vice-lieutenants of such rcfpeftive counties and ftewartries.

IX.  And be it further enacted; That it shall be lawful for Lieutenants any lieutenant or vice-lieutenant to whom any such statement cau1e. . ani certificate iball be transmitted as aforesaid, who shall fee meetbgsTo rtifon to apprehend that the fame is erroneous or defective, or be summoned who shall receive his Majesty's direftions, to be communicated forre-exa-

i by one of his principal secretaries of date for that purpose, to ictufe another special meeting of deputy-lieutenants to be fum* £C,Cmcnt5* moned to meet within fourteen days to re-examine the fame$ and the deputy-lieutenants at such meeting, together with any person or persons fo appointed by the infpeftor-gcneral as afore-hid, shall meet and re-examine such statement and certificate and examine any further information that may be laid before them in relation thereto, and confirm or alter the fame as they (hill fee fit; and such deputy-lieutenants (ball sign two of the fbtements and certificates fo confirmed or altered, and cause one thereof to be forthwith transmitted to the infpeftor-general or his deputy, and the other thereof to be transmitted to such lieutenant or vice-lieutenant as aforefaid; and every such lieutenant or vice-lieutenant (hall, on the receipt of such first ftate-©ent and certificate, if he shall fee no reason to apprehend that the fame is erroneous or defeftive, or if no directions shall have been communicated to such lieutenant or vicelieutenant refpeftively, through one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of ftate, within fourteen days, or after such re-* examination thereof as aforesaid, sign the fame.

X.  And be it further enacted, That, from, and after the Militia to be

expiration of twenty-one days after the passing of this aft, the  ^

militia raised in the several counties and ftewartries in Scotland^ original * under an aft palled in the forty-fecond year of his present quotas fpc-Aiajefty, relating to the militia, shall be gradually reduced, cified in a# in the manner and under and subject to the restrictions and re- *a Geo. 3. gilations in this aft contained, in each of the several counties c'

and ftewartries in Scotland, to the original quotas in the said act specified as to such counties and ftewartries refpeftively; 4 and from and after fu:h reduction shall have taken place under this aft, the numbers specified in the said act as the original quotas of such respective countjes and ftewartries, exclusive of any fupplemcntary militia, and no more, shall be fupplied, and continue to .ferve for each of such counties and ftewartries.

XL And be it further enacted. That, from and after the  .

expiration of twenty-one days after the passing of this aft, no°J[^Jor

man shall be ballotted or be enrolled to serve in the militia of moreis ferv-

any county or ftewartry, in which the number of men actually ing, no ballot

ferving in the militia shall exceed or amount to such original tak* place b c r •. t  r  1  •  till the num-

quota as aforesaid, or for the supplying any vacancies then ^ j8 rc<juced

cxifting, or that may thereafter arise in such militia, until the below it.

militia of such county shall be reduced to the original quota

thereof specified in the afts relating to the militia.

XII. And

this act, &c.

NumhcTcqu.il XII. And be it furtherena£led,That in every county and ftew-to deficiency artry jn wfftch the full number of men required for the militia of (h^ri^rai?e5 county or ftewartry shall not have been completed, or iry for additional which any vacancies that shall have arisen therein shall not have; force under been fupplied, there shall be raised in manner in this aft di« reeled, as soon after the expiration of such period of twenty-one days as aforesaid as the fame can be done, for the additional force under this a<ft, a number equal to the whole of the deficiency that shall then exist in the militia of such county or ftewartry; and as often as any vacancies shall thereafter a life by the death, defertion, or discharge of any men serving in the militia of such county or ftewartry, and until by means of such vacancies the militia of such county or ftewartry shall be reduced to the original quota thereof, there shall be raised in like manner, according to the provision of this a<5t,for the additional force under this aff, a number equal to the amount of such Lieutenantto vacancies; and the lieutenant, vice-lieutenant, or deputy-lieu-trA^minif- tenants every county or ftewartry, city, or place, shall ters a notke” tranfmit, free or expence, to the minister of every parish bound in form in to supply any such deficiency or vacancy, a notice according to fchedu!c(F.), the form in the fehedule (F.) hereunto annexed, directing the it h? church"1^ heritors of such parilh, by themselves or their agents, or fomc and cause a* person authorised by them, to fill up such deficiencies or vacin-copy to be cies in manner herein-after mentioned; which notice every such affixed on the minister shall read, or cause to be read, in the church after church-door, divine fervice, before the congregation is difmi(Ted, the first Lord's day after receiving the lame; and shall further caufc 1 true copy thereof to be affixed on the church-door the fam: day.

XIII.  Provided always, and be it further enacted. That if °uou^ serv number of men a£hially serving for any county or ftevvarrr/ ing^the de-V"  original  quota  of  such county, then zrA

* *  "  ”  in such cafe a number fuflicient to complete such quota fljail

firft be raised and enrolled in the militia of such county or

Where less than the original quota is ing, the ficier.cy ftvdl first be ratfed

for the militia, ftewartry, according to the several afts relating to the militia. Je^Th^defr^ XIV. And be it father enafled, That, from and after the tion ifcc. tobe Pa®nS'  every  vacancy  that shall arise in any regi-

ctrtified by mcnis, baitalions, or corps, of such additional force, by desrh or defertion, or in confluence of any men being re-clatmcd as deserters from his Majesty's other forces, or from the marine or militia, or by such men being claimed as apprentices, or becoming unfit for fervice, and being discharged accordingly, shall annually shall be forthwith certified by the commanding officer thereof to the inspector general aforesaid, who shall annually tranfinit to his Majesty's privy council the total number of such vacancies aforesaid that shall have arisen and been certified to him in the year ending on the first day of September in each year.

XV. And be it further cn-idled. That, from and after the palling of this a&, there shall be raised in the several counties

4    and  ftewartiies in Scotland, for the year ending on the firfi* J.sy

uc* tnftng by of 0Huber one thouLad eight hundred and five, towards (u:-

P')ir‘S

the commanding officer to the »ifpe&or-g€-ncr.il, who

tranimit the numbers to the privy council.

Men to be

annually raifid to flip ply itn-

i 8o4-3 Anno regmquadTagefi mo quarto GeorgiiIII c.66.  267

plying the vacancies that have arisen in such additional force, men entitting

by reason of the enlisting of any persons enrolled therein inro tmo

Ms Majcfty's regular forces, a further and additional number but^ounore

of one thousand eight hundred men; and after the expiration th..n t,3co ia

of such year there (hall, as soon after as the fjme can be done, one year.

be raised for the year beginning on the said first day of Q*t:bcr

one thousand eight hundred and five, and ending on the fir ft

day of Oftober one thousand eight hundred and fix, for such

aJJiiional force, a number of men equal tp the full number that

(hall have enlisted into his Majesty's forces in the preceding

year, and in each and every fuccceding year a number of men

equal to the number that shall have eniifted into his Majesty's

regular forces in the then preceding year, shall in like manner

be railed for such additional force; provided always, that no

greater number than one thousand eight hundred men shall be

required to be raised for any one year, towards the fupplying

any vacancies that shall have arisen by. the enjifting of mea

from such additional force into his Majesty's regular forces in

any preceding year.

XVI.  And be it further enabled, That his Majesty's privy Privy council runcil shall cause such number of one thousand eight hundred rr.en,and also the number of men required to be raised in each {,e r^ed to succeeding year, for the supplying the vacancies arising from be apportion* the enlisting of men as aforesaid, together with the total ed among the amount of such vacancies as aforesaid, which shall have arisen in the course of the preceding twelve months in the several mhku ° counties and ftewartries in Scotlandto be apportioned among quotas, and such counties accoiding to the respective original quotas of men such numbers required at the time of making such apportionment, to be  to

railed in such respective counties and ftewartries, under the said naiit^am! ad, relating to the militia, and fhaii, as soon after such ap-notice given portionment shall have been made, as the fame can be done, in the Edin-caufethe numbers fixed and fettled by such apportionment to bu,^ G;j-be transmitted to the refpetfive lieutenants of the several coun-  fum-

tics and ftewartries in Scotland, or their vice-lieutenants, and (ball uioueii, Sec. also cause notice thereof to be given in the Edinburgh Gazette, and such lieutenants or vice-lieutenants shall immediately fum-mon general and fubdivifiun-mcetings of lieutenancy in their relpeftive counties and ftewartries; and the deputy-lieutenants at such meetings shall divide and apportion the numbers fo fixed and fettled among the fubdivifions, parishes, cities, or places, in their refpetfive counties and ftewartries, according to the proviftons of any a£t relating to the militia, in order that such men may, as speedily as poftible, be raised for the additional force under the provisions of this ad; and for thatDeputy-lteu-purpofe such deputy-lieutenants shall tranfmit, free of expencre, a notice in the form in the schedule (F.) hereunto annexed, torh-minir- * the minifier of every parifti within their respective subdivisions rers a notice within which such men are to be raifed, which notice every such in form in minister shall read, or cause to be read, in the church after f^ednle (R). divine fervicc^ before the congregation is difmified, on the fir ft i„ chulch?

Lord'd and cause a

copy to be Lord's day after receiving the fame; and shall further cause a a?xc u jn thc true jC0Py thereof to be affixed on the church-door the fame

church-door. »  ..

church-door.

Men raised binder re :ited aft oF last session to be deemed part of the force under this aft.

Vacancies

Lord's day.

XVII.  And be it further enacted, That all men raised under the said recited aft of the last session of parliament shall be deemed and taken to be part of the additional force under this aft, and shall be maintained, fupplied, and regulated, from and after the palling of this aft, according to the provisions thereof,

XVIII.  And be it further enacted, That, from and after the arifeninaddi- expiration of twenty-one days after the palling of this aft, no tionft Force Vacancies which shall have arisen in the said additional force

raifed under the said recited aft of the last felfion of parliament shall be filled up or supplied by ballot in the manner directed by the said recited aftj but all such vacancies, and

raifed under recited aft. See. shall be raised under the provilions of this aft.

alfo all vacancies which shall at any time, after the palling of this aft, arise in the additional force to be raised under the provilions of this aft, by death or defertion, or in consequence of any men being re-claimed as deserters from his Majesty's other forces, or. from the marines or militia, or by such men being claimed as apprentices, or becoming unfit for fervice, and being discharged accordingly, shall be supplied in the manner directed by this aft; for which purpose a notice shall be transmitted to the ininifter of the parilh, read in the church, and i copy thereof affixed on the door of the church in the manner herein-before direfted, in the cafe of deficiencies or vacanciej to arise in the militia.

XIX.  And be it further enacted. That fo much of the fad recited aft of the last session of parliament, as relates to the assessing or levying of any fines or -penalties on any counties, ftewartries, or parishes, in respect of any men that shall net have been provided according to the provisions of the said recited aft, shall be and the fame is hereby repealedj and fo much of the said act relating to the militia of Scotland, as relates to

vKling militia- the assessing or levying any fines or penalties for any default in aTtodefiden- noc having found and provided men for the militia, according ties, at pairing to the provisions of the said act, fhall, from and after the this aft, and palling of this aft, be and the fame is hereby repealed, as to all deficiencies existing at the time of the passing of this aft, and also as to all vacancies that may hereafter arise in any county or ftewartry, until the militia shall have been reduced to the original quota, according to the provisions of this aft.

XX.  And be it enafted, That as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this aft, and before the expiration of ten days after the first of any such notice shall have been fo read m the church as aforesaid, the heritors of each parifh, or their agents, shall meet and aflemblejn such manner as heritors in Scotland usually meet and afTemble, for the purpose of ap* pointing some person to provide and produce men for such parilh, to be raised under the provisions of this aft, and shall iroin time to time as often.as such appointment shall be recalled,

which

So much of recited aft as relates to 2(Telling fines for men not provided according thereto, and for not pro-

futnre vacancies, till the militia shall be reduced to original quotas. Heritors to meet and appoint persons to provide men.

1S04.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Gboroii TIT, c. 66.  £69

which such heritors are empowered to do, or any such person shall resign or die, meet and assemble for the purpose of ap-pointing t'dme such other perfon.

XXL y\nd be it further enabled. That it shall and may be Heritor*, &c. lawful for the heritors of every parifli, by themselves or their may produce agents, or any of fhem, or for some person by them appointed for the purpose of providing men to be raised in the manner tional force, directed by this a&, at any time within one month after such and shall be notice shall have been read in the church as aforesaid, and also  10

at any rime after such period, before any recruit shall have bounty' been provided by the commanding officer under the provisions of this a&, to supply any deficiency or vacancy, to provide and produce to the persons appointed to receive men to be raised purfuam to this a&, any person to serve in the said additional force; and the person appointed by such heritors as aforefaid* producing any man for such additional force, shall be entitled to receive such proportion of the whole bounty, to be allowed in refpe£t of each man, as his Majesty shall from time to time by any regulations made in that behalf dired.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That Such men every fitch man who shall be found and provided by any such rcfid<nt heritors, agents or person appointed by them, shall have been within certain ordinarily resident thirty days or more within the parish for limits* of which such man shall be found and produced, or in feme other JJ'hjch parish in the fame fubdivifion, or in/ome parish in the fame ccrti£rares to county or ftewartry, not more than twenty miles or in some the magif-adjoining county not more than ten miles diftam from the trates atteft-parifli for which such man shall be found and produced, and *n£ th*10»

Quit produce to the justice of the peace or magistrate before whom he shall be attefted, a certificate of such residence from anyone of the elders of the parish in which he shall have fo rended, which certificate such elders are hereby required to give; Penalty c? and if in cafe any elder when required shall neglect or refuse to fin^tVgive make out, fign, and deliver such certificate, to the man fo found certificates, or provided, or shall knowingly make out and deliver a false or giving faifc certificate, such elder shall for every such offence forfeit and oncs-pay any sum not exceeding five pounds nor less than twenty Hulling* sterling, at the diferetion of the jufiice before whom he shall be corivi&ed thereof, to be recovered as any like penalty may be recovered under the said recited a & relating to the militia*

XXIII* And be'it further enafled, That, from and after the No aJTeffment parting of this a it shall not be lawful for the heritors of any ^ontobe^ parifli, or any orher person or perfons, to make, raife, or levy ma(je for jfU any afleflment, or any fubfeription or fubfcriptior.s, or sum or during per-fums of money, or to give, advance, or promife, any sum or fons to enlift* sums of money to any perfon, for the purpose of inducing such person to enlist as a volunteer, or in any manner, in any such Penalty for additional force as aforefaid; and every heritor, agent, or giving or person appointed, or other perfon, who shall in any manner profiling pay, or give, or advance, to any person any sum or sums of ^ted ™

money, bou uy.

270 Anno regni qu&dragefirao quarto Georgii III. c. 66. [1804.

money, or any bounty, gift, or reward, or who flull promise any sum or turns of money, or any bounty, gift, or reward, other than such bounty as fh^ll be allowed and paid by cr under his Majesty's regulations, in that behalf, flull forfeit and pay for every such offence the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered, levied, paidi and applied, as any like penalty may bej recovered, levied, and applied, under the said ad relating to the militia.

CoHeftors of XXIV. Provided always, and be it enabled, That it fhaH adVancelJub-  f°r colIe<9or of the county or ftewartry wheiein

irWnct. to  any person fo enlisted shall refide, and such colledor is hereby

enable men to required, to advance, out of any monies in his hands, to any march to the person fo enlifted, producing to such colledor an order to that rendezvous. effe(q? signed by any deputy-lieutenant, or any one justice of the peace of such county or ftewartry for the subsistence of such men raised and provided for such force by any such parilh, during his march to the place of rendezvous, any sum not exceeding the rare of pay at two shillings per day, of fo many days as would enable such man to march from the place where he was raised to such place of rendezvous, to be calculated at the rate of not less than ten miles per day, with the usual number of halting days: provided always, that all sums of money fo advanced in rerpe& of any man that shall be approved and at. tested for such additional force, shall be repaid to the collector who shall have advanced the fame, by the officer appointed fer receiving such men.

HJs Majesty XXV. And be it further enadfed, That it shall be lawful may appoint for his Majesty to appoint a convenient place or places of ren-rendezvous dezvous in every county and ftewartry in Scotland, for the men and officers'to to  for such additional force, and to appoint at every

fuch place of rendezvous an officer specially author! fed by his Majesty or the commander in chief of his Majesty's forces for the time being, to approve or rejedi the men prodbeed ar.d provided under this adt, according and fubjedi to such regulations as his Majesty shall from time to time establish for (hat purpose, and such officers may approve of or reject any such men accordingly ; and every officer rejecting any such man shall forthwith certify the fame to the clerk of the fubdivifton-meer-ings of the subdivision for which such man shall have been produced, and also to tire infpedor-general aforesaid or hi* deputy.

XXVI. And be it further enafied, That such bounty as his Majesty shall dired, not exceeding three-fourths of the bounty that shall be from time to time allowed by his Majetty for recruiting the infantry for general fervice, shall be allowed and paid in refpeci of every man who shall be provided or raised to fervn in such add tional force under this a& $ and fo much of such bounty shall be paid to every such mao, at such times and places, and in such proportions, as to any advance of any part therejf, and in such manner, and under and fubjefl to such regulations as his Majesty (hall, by any regulations from time

to

approve or reject men, who (ball certify rejections to the c)erk of the fubdivifion, and the infpedtor-gtneral.

Bounty to be paid under Inch regulations as his Majesty shall direct.

1804.] Anno icgni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 66* 271

to time made in that behalf, be pleated to order and dired; and it /hall be lawful for the lords commissioners of his Ma- Treafury may jelly's treafury, or any three of them, to order the receiver-order the general for Scotland^ or the collector of the cess of any county or lie war try, to advance and pay any sum or films of money Scotland or for or in respect of any such bounties, or any advances in county-col* respect thereof, as may be ncccffary, out of any publiclc monies Ic&or to pay in their hands, or received or receivable by them out of any bounties, rates and duties under the management of the commissioners * ter the affairs of taxe$; and all monies paid under any such orders as aforesaid, shall be good and valid, and be allowed to such receiver-general, or collectors in their accounts: provided Bounty to be always, that hich bounty shall be in lieu of all allowances and1 heu ot all payments of money to which any such man might be or claims ali0Wdnccs* tc be entitled, under any of the provisions of the said recited ad; any thing in the said recited aft contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXVIL And be it further enaded, That whenever any Commanding men serving in such additional force as aforesaid shall become ®.®cer8 may tinSt for tervice, it shall be lawful for the commanding °®ccr men Iwom-of the regiment, battalion, or corps to which he shall belong, jng ungt for todifeharge such man, under such restrictions as by any regu- fcrvice. lations of his Majesty are or may be provided in that behalf, as to his Majesty's regular forces, or to the additional force under this ad, and every such discharge shall be valid and effectual to all intents and purpotes.

XXVIII.  And be it further -enacted, That in every cafe in Where the which the number of men required to be raised in any parish due “umber under this ad, IhalJ not ]be found or provided within such not^pri. rdpedive periods as aforesaid, or shall not be approved in such vided, the manner, and according to such regulations as his Majesty shall parish shall d;re2 in that behalf, such parish shall become fiibjed to the P*X which payment of the sum of twenty pounds by way of fine, to be u/the affdTcd and raised in manner by this ad direded, and the de- dcputy-licu-puiy-lieutenants of the subdivision in which such parish shall tenants of the be, shall and they are hereby required forthwith to certify the f“hdivificm to fame to the laid infpedor-general or his deputy; and it shall be gencra^and" lawful for the commanding officer of the regiment, battalion, upon notice or corps to which such men shall have been appointed, upon from him the the receipt, of any notice from the (aid infpedor-general or commanding his deputy, of any fuqh deficiency not having been m*de 8^^* enlist rccrmti. or of any such vacancy not having been filled up, to enlift,

from any place where he shall find it mod convenient, any recruit or recruits to make good any such deficiency, or to (ill up such vacancy, and to pay to each such recruit to enlisted any tech sum by way of bounty not exceeding the proportion hereinbefore direded, as shall be allowed by bis Majesty's regulations in that behalf.  rvneral nwt-

XXIX.  And be it further enaded, That it /hall be lawful to fix ' for the lieutenant, and deputy-lieutenants assembled at any by ballot the general meeting of lieutenancy under any ad relating to the"J^Vfubdi-

5  .  n,ilitia>  Wfions,

zji Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii TIL c. 66. [1804.

(hall ftand, as militia, or to any fitch additional force, and they are hereb? to (applying required, at some general meeting in each year, to ascertain aod^aufcTa' an^ by ballot the order in which the respective subdivisions lift in the  and pari flies in the refpeflive counties and ftewartries (hall

form hi  (land, as to the supplying any deficiencies or vacancies that

to^e sent to^ ma7 cx*^ or ar*k  by the recruiting of any men by any

the infpetfor- commanding officer under the provisions of this ad, and shall generaland immediately, after the fame shall have been fo afeertained and fixed, cause a lift of such subdivisions and parishes entered in such order, and in the schedule to this a£t annexed, marked (E.)J to be transmitted to the infpe&or-general aforesaid, or his deputy, and to the agent-general for the army of referve; and all recruits that shall be railed by any commanding officer shall be appropriated to the several parishes from which such money {hall have been remitted, in the order in which such sum of money The infpc&br- Giall *,avc been entered in such difeharge, and the infpe£for-general, or  general aforesaid, or his deputy or general-agent aforesaid, lhaH,

general- as soon as the fame can be done, give notice thereof to some notice to* the* Per^on *n *be Par^> to be appointed by the heritors or their parifh, to 1C agents, for the purposes of this a &, to the account of which whofeaccount such recruit shall have been entered, and shall specify the name, the men.(hall refidence, occupation, and description of such recruit.  1

enter^Cn  XXX. And be it further enabled. That every man provided

Mentotake an<* un<^cr *hi» aft, to serve in such additional force shall the following take the following oath; that is to fay.

the agent-general for the army of referve, according to which the recruits shall be appropriated.

Oath.

, T A.B. do make oath, That to the belt of my knowledge and | JL belief I am  years of age, was born in the

parifh of  in or near to the.town of

in the county of  that  I am by trade or occupation

a  that  my  last  place of residence was at

in the parish of  in or near to the town of

in the county of  in  the  character  or  occupation of

that I am no ways disabled by lamenefs, but have the perfect use of my limbs, that 1 am not subject to fits, have no rupture, am no apprentice, nor belong to his Majesty's other forces, cither of army, navy, or marines; and I do further sincerely promise and fwear, that I will be. faithful and bear true allegiance to his majesty King Getrg$% and that I will faithfully serve his Majesty in Great Britain and Ireland\ and the islands of Gusmfey, jerfey, and Alderney, for the defence of the fame, for the period of five years, and further until fix months after the termination of any war in which this kingdom may at the expiration of the said period be engaged, by the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, unless I shall be sooner difeharged. As witness my hand, this . day of

By whom the Which oath may be administered in like manner, and by such and thc fame persons as any oath may be administered to any 1111  *  men raised under the said recited a& of the last session of par-

liamem, or to any men enlisted in any of his Majesty's regular ^  forces  j

iSc4-] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 66.  273

forces; and every such man shall be attested in like manner, Men to be and by such persons as any man maybe attested for his Ma-jed/s regular forces, fo far as such attestation or any certificates f©rcciT1*1 relating thereto, can be made to apply to the service of any man in (he additional force under this aft.

XXXI. And be it further cnafted, That it shall be lawful HU Majesty for his Majesty, from time to time, to cause the private men heretofore railed, or that shall hereafter be raised to serve in such addiiional force, to be formed into additional or reserved bat-after raifed, tdions, ro be attached (where circumfiances will admit of the to be formed fame) to any regiments or battalions of his Majesty** regular forces, bearing the name of the county or ftewartry, counties or ™ be attich-ftewartries, in which such additional force shall have been ed to batta-nileJ, or intp separate battalions not attached to any other regi- Hons of the ment or battalion : provided always, that in any cafe in which  .

the men fo raised to serve for any county or ftewartry, or any ftpaJate bat-proportion thereof, cannot conveniently be attached tu any such tafions not fo battalion bearing the name of any such county or ftewartry, attached, &c. counties or ftewartries, it shall be lawful for his Majesty to attach the fame fe para tel y, or with any other men raised in any

proper.

XXXII.  And be it further enacted, That none of the (aid Mennotcora-men, to be raised by virtue of this aft (hall-be compellable or j*liable to compelled, on any pretence * hatfoever, to serve out of the Slr^UUmita. United Kingdom, and the islands of Guernsey, Jerj}y9 and

Mkrney^ unless they (flail freely and voluntarily enlist in any of lii» Majesty** forces for general fervice, and shall have been for that purpose previously and duly discharged from their service in the additional force to be raised by virtue of (his aft.

XXXIII.  And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful His Majesty for his Majesty to appoint such officers and non-commiffioned

c5cers to command and discipline such regiments, battalions, „0n\*0mmif-or corps, as his Majesty shall think fit; and every such officer, fioned officers, and every non-commiflioned officer and drummer in any such who, as well as regiment, battalion, or corps, and every such private man, from *hc the time of his being sworn as aforesaid, and during file the mutiny ° for which such.furce shall remain embodied, as well as the laws, additional force to be raised by virtue of this aft, shall be fub-ject to all the provifions, rules, regulations, pains, and penaltes, as well pains of death as orhers, as are or may be contained in any aft of parliament then in force for punching mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, and any articles of war'made in pursuance theieof; and all the provifions, powers, authorities, pains, penalties, and forfeitures, as well pains of dea*h as others, contained in every such aft and articles of war, shall be in force with respect to the additional force to be raised by virtue of this aft, and shall extend to all officers, non-com mi llioned officers, diummers, and private men of the fame, in all cafes whatever.

Vot. XLV.

T

XXXIV. Provided

274 Anno regni quadragclimo quarto Georgii III. c. 66. [1804.

Term for XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enaded. That menflisdf  no Port the force to be raised or maintained under this act

remain em* (fuch men only as shall have enlisted for general service ex-bodied. fceptcd) shall remain embodied for more than fix months after the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, unless in purluance of any a£i or a&$ of parliament which may be hereafter paff;d for that purpose.

ncraftofencl XXXV. And be it further enabled. That at the expiration totheolerk  respective  periods,  within  which  any man may be found

of (imply and provided by the heritors of any parish or parishes in any certificates of fubdivifion, or their agents, or any person appointed by them deficiencies for that pUrp0fCj or as soon after as the farnc can be done, the

and the corn ' infpe&or-general of the army of referve, or his deputy, shall miffioneni tranfmit, from time to time after the receipt of the certificates shall aflefa the mentioned in this afl, to the clerk of supply of the county or penalty, &c. ftewartry within which such parish or subdivision shall be fituated, certificates of the deficiencies and vacancies that remain to be filled up in the respective counties or ftewartries; and the said commissioners of supply (hall, within two months after rhe receipt of each such certificate, make an afTefl'ment upon each parish or fubdivifion, from which any deficiency or vacancy ought to have been fupplied, for the penalty of twenty pounds for each man which ought to have been io supplied by such parish or fubdivifion, in the manner in which such commit-fioners of supply are directed to make assessments for the relief of families of millia-men, by an a£t passed in the lad session of parliament, to be applied towards raising men for such additional force: provided always, that if at any time afrer any such penalty shall have been afTefifed and paid as aforesaid, and before such notice shall have been given of a recruit having been, raised as aforesaid, a man shall be found and provided by the heritors of such parifh, or their agents, or any person appointed by them as aforesaid, to supply the deficiency, in respect of which such penalty was ailefied and paid, then and in such cafe the amount of such penalty (ball, under the order of the secretary at war, be be applied towards the payment or discharge of any other fine or fines, penalty or penalties, due or to become due from such - parish or united parifhes.

Recovery of XXXVI. And be it further enafled, That all fines, and also fines. Sec. all arrears of fines, and all moieties of fines, paid or to be paid under any a&s relating to the militia, or such additional force as aforesaid, and remaining in the hands of any person or persons whatfoever, and also all monies remaining in the hands of any clerics of fubdivifion-meetings, or any other persons whatfoever, arising from any. half part or residue of any sums of money paid by or on account of any person ballotted to serve in the militia, or such additional force as aforesaid, for the engaging of any substitute or volunteer to be enrolled in his (lead, and not fubfcquently paid over to the persons entitled to receive the fame, purfuan: to the directions of the atfs relating thereto, shall be debts to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceiTors, and may be recovered as

1804*] Annoregni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 66.  275

fuch, or in manner directed by this ad, and shall be paid over

by such collector or colledors refpedively, to the order of the

fecretary at war, for the benefit of such person or persons as may  1

be jurtly entitled to the fame.

XXXVII.  And be it further enaded, That all such half Application of

parts or refidues of any such sums of moneyas aforesaid, re- refi<,ue ,of . maining in the hands of any clerks of fubdivifion-meetings, or  *

of any other person or persons whatever, arising out of any cicrks of fub-monies paid by or on account of any person ballotted to serve in *iivifion-mcet-the militia, or the additional force Taifed by the said recited adin5s>

of the lad fefiion of parliament, for the engaging of any fub-ftitute or volunteer to be enrolled in his dead, and not fub-fequently paid over to the person entitled thereto, (hall, in all cafes in which the person fo entitled thereto shall have been discharged as unfit for fervice, or have dcferted, go and belong to the parish or place for which such man shall have been enrolled to ferve, and (hall; by the order of the secretary at war* be applied in payment of fo much of the fine or fines, penalty or penalties, a defied upon such parish or place; and all such sums of money, and also all sums of money arising from any moieties of any fines or penalties that (hall, after the expiration of twenty-one days after the palling of this ad, remain in the hands of any other person or persons under the said recited ads,

(hall go and be applied towards the payment of any afieflments under this ad, and the furplus, if any, shall be carried to the account of the said afiefiments thereafter to be made.

XXXVIII.  And be it further enaded, That in every cafe in Mode ofre-which any such afieflments as aforesaid shall not be made by such commissioners of fupply', pursuant to the provisions of this ad, not by and in every cafe in which any colledor shall negled, omit, or commissioners refuse to levy and account for any sums fo afleffrd, within of supply $ twenty-one days after the date of such afleflment; and also in™viedor0t every cafe in which any such clerks of fubdivifion-meetings, or aCcountcd for other persons whatfoever, having in their hands any such by collectors; moieties of fines, or half parts or refidues of such sums of monies not money as aforesaid, shall not, within twenty-one days after ^ubJivifion-the palling of this ad, pay the fame to such colledors as afore- meetings, &cl faid, it shall be lawful for his Majesty's court of exchequer in

Scotland, and the said court is hereby authorifed, on the application of his Majesty's advocate for Scotland, by motion to the said court in a summary way, to hear and determine on the matter of such application; and if, on notice of such application to the clerk of fupply, or to the clerk of fubdivifion-meetings, or other perfons, in relation to whom such application shall have been made, as the cafe may require, no sufficient cause is (hewn for such default, negled, or omifiion as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said court of exchequer to fine any such com-miflioners of fupply, colledor, or clerk of fubdivifion-meetings, or other person as aforesaid refpedively, in any sum not exceeding double the amount of the sum that ought to have been aflefied, or paid or levied, or accounted for, as the cafe may be,

,  t  2  2nd

IF meeting* are not held within the period herein Vrcfcribed, special meef-inus may be hoi Jen.

Powers of former afts extended to thiej

but not to the

giving any allowances to toe wives or fami.it6 of mvn railed after p tiling this aft.

Aft may be

altered or rroealed iisia It/Bon.

and tocaufe the fame to be levied by difttingas, or other process applicable to the nature of the cafe,' according to the rules and praftire of such court.

XXXIX.  Provided always, and be it further enabled. That if through the neglect or mistake of any lieutenant or deputy-lieutenants, or of any clerk of any general meeting, or otner officer or perfon, or from any other caufe, any meeting required to be held for any of the purposes of this aft, shall not be held within the period ‘herein preferihed, a special meeting may and shall be forthwith summoned and holden, for the purposes for which any such meeting ought to have been holden pursuant to this aft, asfoon after inch period as may be; and if any aft, ma ter, or thing, by this aft required to be done at any meeting as aforefml, (jiall not be performed at such meeting, it shall be lawful for the persons respectively authorised and required to do any luch aft, matter, or thing, to cany the fame into execution at any fub equent meeting; and all such meetings fo summoned as aferefaid, ?nd all acts, matters, and things refpeftively, which shall be done and performed at any such meetings as aforesaid, (ball be a« good, valid, and effeftuid, to all intents and purpefes, as if such meetings had been fun> moned, and such afts, matters, and things, had been done pursuant to the directions of this aft.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all the powers, provisoes, rules, regulations, forfeitures, penalties, claufes, matters, and things, contained in the fa d aft of the forty-fecond vear of his present Majesty's reign, or in t^e afts of the last fclfion of parliament, for raising and a(T mbiing an. additional military force in Scotland, (hall, in fo tar as the fame are not hereby altered, varied, or repealed, or ctl.er and different provilior.s made in relation to such additional force, or the additional force under this aft, be applied and practised for the purposes of this aft, and as to* the additional force required by this aft, in as fu:l and ample a manner as if the said powers, provifoes, rules, regulations, forfeitures, penalties, claufcs, matters and things, were again repeated and enacted in this aft.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That none of the provisions or Claufes in the Lid afts, or any or either of them, contained, (ball extend, or be construed to extend, to the authorifing, allowing, or giving any allowances or sums of money, or provision for the Wives or families of any men raised for the additional force under this 3&'after the paifirg thereof.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That this aft may be altered, varied or repealed, by any aft or afts to be palTed in this session of parliament.

SCHEDULES

18>4.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 66. 277

SCHEDULES to which this Aft refers.

Schedule [A.]

ACCOUNT of Infpeaor-General of ARMY of RESERVE for  of

Men received - - 500  Quota - - 65c

Di (charged as unfit - 60  Effcflives who are

  now ferving, or

  who have eniified

Dead - - 20  for General Ser-

  vice - 390

Deferted - - - 3°  

— IIO  260

0  •

G.A. Infpe&or-General of Army' of Refcrve,

F. B. Deputy Infpeaor-General of Army of Rcfttve.

278 AnnoregniquadragcfimoquartoGEOROiiIII.c.66. [1804.

Schedule [B.]

SUBDIVISION of  in  the

County of

Pari flies, or    Names of Men.    Date  e  Penalties and Fincfc paid.

Places.  Principals.  Subititutes.  Volunteers.  or  Enrolment.  

St. Giles  Sam1 Jones -      April 2.  

- - -  Tho* Smith -        

St.Cuthbert  Edwd Smith • Will* Grey -  John Nalh -  John Merks -  *  

Totals -          

(Signed) A. B. Clerk to Subdivifion-Meetings. '

1S04.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c.66.  279

» Schedule [C-]

RETURN of Clerk of General Meetings of Lieutenancy of the County of

Quota of County

650.

Snbdivifion of Av Quota 18

Subdivifion of B, Quota 14.

Subdivifion of C. QmoU 3*.

Parifh of C. zo.

Parifh of £. 5.

Parifh of F. **•

Men raised and enrolled

A.B.

C.D.

E.F.

G.H.

IK.

L.M.

Dif-

charged

Dead.

Deferted.

Men railed and enrolled

X

Parifli of D. 8.

Dif-charfed.

Dead.

Deferted.

IB. C. D. E.F. G.H.

lien raised and enrolled.

Parifh of

X

Dif-

charged.

Dead.

Deferted

J.'B.

1

Clerk to General Meetings.

Schedule [D.]

CERTIFICATE of the Deputy-Lieutenants of the of

T—              *  *  Total Quota of the of 500              

Subdivifion of B. Quota 74.              

PARISHES.  Quotas.  Men railed auc enrolled.  I  Di (charged  Dead.  Defcrted.  Deficiency.  Men enliilf'li* AiiU).

A.  B.  C.              ■

Totals' -              

• Subdivifion of E. Quota s*.              

PARISHES.  Quotas.  Men raised and enrolled.  Difcb*rged  Dead.  Defcrted.  Deficiency.  Men entitledui Army.

A.  B.  a              

Totals -      •        

(Signed)  A.B.  j  DeputyvLieutenaDts.

Lieutenant,

N. B. Where new Appointments have been made* the new Quotas must be fpecificd, because Deficiencies arifmg from Vacancies will be altered in conference.

i$04.] Annoregni quadragcfimo quarto Georgix III# c. 66.

Schedule [E.]

LliT of Subdivlfions, Parifhes and Places, in the Order in which Men are to be recruited for the Year 1805, or (as tht cafe may be.)

1  Suhdivifion of Z).  

1. County of C.  3. Subdivifion of M.  4. Subdivifion of /*•

1. Parifli of E.  l. Parifli of P.  x. Parilh of

2. - - of  2. - - - ^  2.  3.

3. - - of G.  3- - - - F.  4-

4. - of H.  4. - - - M.  5-   

2. County of M*  Parifli of L.  -  - of  -  - of  s- - - - M  6.  - - - P.  7.  - - - S.  8.  - - - T.  9.  - - - F. 10.  5.  Subdivifion of  1.  Parifli of  2.  3-  4*  5*  6.

Afccrtained by Ballot, at General Meeting of ihe Lieutenancy of the above County, held at  on  the *

Day of  180

Signed,  A\ B.

Clerk of the Meetings.

Schedule [F.J * NOTICE.

THE Heritors of the parish of A\ or their agents, or the perfim appointed by them for that purpose, pursuant to an adl pa (Ted in the forty-fourth year of the reign of his prefenr Majcfty, intituled, [here fat forth the title if this acl\ are hereby required to provide and produce  men  to  lupply  t.ie

deficiency or vacancy which this parish is bound to supply to the additional force railed pursuant to the said adh

(Signed, as the cafe may be)  A\ /?. Lieutenant, or

C.D. Vice-Lieutenant; or

E F 1

G H \ Deputy-Lieutenants.

282. Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. q. 67. [1804.

CAP. LXVII.

An act for granting to his Maje/iy, until the twenty-fifth day 0) March one tbovjand eight hundred and fivey certain duties on tbt importation of the goods, wares, and merchandize, herein mentioned, into Ireland, and also certain duties of cxcife onfpirits, malt, ani tobacco, in Ireland; and for the increase of certain tublick rt* venues in Ireland, by making the fame payable in Britiu currency —[July 10, 1804.]

Mod gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's mod dutiful and loyal fubjefls, the com* mons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in parliament aflembled, towards railing the supplies granted to your Majesty, and for the support of your Majesty's govern* ment, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it maybe enafled; and be it enadied by the King's mod excellent on* The addition-jedy, by and with the advice and confirm of the lords fpiritui drawbacks041 anc* temPoraL and commons, in this present parliament a(^ foecified in femblcd, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after Schedule (A. J the passing ot this aft, and during the continuance of this ad, fhnllbe paid there Shall be raifed, levied, colleded, and paid, unto and for and allowed. tjlc 0f his Majedy, his heirs and fuccedors, in ready money (except as herein-after is provided), without any difeount whatever, upon the importation of the several goods, wares, 2nd merchandize, mentioned and fet forth in the Schedule here-1 •  unto annexed, marked (A.), imported into Ireland\ the fcvenl j

duties inferted, deferibed, and fet forth in figures in the fad fchedule; and that there shall alio be paid or allowed the feverd drawbacks in refpeeft of the said duties as the fame are also «• fpe&ivcly inferted, deferibed, and fet forth in figures in tiie said schedule marked (A.), in addition to the duties and drawback!

'  payable in Ireland upon the importation and exportation of fuck

goods, wares, and merchandize, under or by virtue of an ad or ads of parliament in force in Ireland at the time of the paffinj of this ad.

Sx per cent. II. And be it further enabled, That, from and after the t^a.m?unt palling of this ad, and during the continuance of this ad, j to be pnyable there shall be raifed, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for j ®n goods  the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, a duty of fit |

(except  pounds upon every one hundred pounds of the amount of the j

&c.)imporred duties which shall be payable on all goods, wares, and mer*1 byriierAaikr chandize (except fug3r, and except goods the growth, produd, I thereof. or manufacture of Great Britain), imported into Ireland by any j person being a retailer or consumer of such goods, wares, and merchandize, over and above the full amount of all other payable thereon refpeCUvely.

On therm- III. And be it further enabled. That, from and after the port41 ion of piling of this ad, there shall be raifed, levied, colle&ed, and tea lato ire-  unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fuccdflbrs,

^  '  for

1804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii HI c. 67i  283

for and upon the importation of tea into Ireland, the several and land, the fol-rcfpediveduties following; (that is to fay),  '

Ofall tea which shall have been purchased at any Tale of the Tea-Jutie*. Edit-India company in London, for iefs than two shillings and ixpence Britijhper pound weight avoirdupois, a duty of fifty-one pounds fourteen (hillings, for every one hundred pounds of the value thereof, according to such price:

And of all tea which shall have been purchased at any sale of the Eajl-India company in London, for two shillings and fixpence^

Britijb per pound weight avoirdupois, or upwards, a duty of lighty-four pounds fourteen shillings for every one hundred

(Kinds of the value thereof, according to such price, in lieu and !1 satisfaction of all fubfidies, duties, and customs payable on fte importation thereof into Ireland, by virtue of any ait or ails io force in Ireland:

And that on exportation of such tea, the following drawbacks or liiowances shall be made in lieu of former drawbacks or allow-ttcesj (that is to fay),

In respect of the said duty of fifty-one pounds fourteen (hil- Drawbacks fogs, a drawback of forty-eight pounds four (hillings:  oa

And in respect of the (aid duty of eighty-four pounds fourteen Stillings, a drawback of eighty-one pounds four (hillings.

IV.  And be it further enacted, That the several and refpec- Duties to be live duties by this aft granted on the importation into Ireland of payable < n Ac goods, wares, and merchandize in this ail or the said fche- g°oj8 *ot dule marked (A.) mentioned, shall be charged and payable on all goods, wares, and merchandize which shall not have been before the entered on or before the palling of this a61, or on which the piling of this duties due and payable on the importation thereof shall not have keen paid, notwithstanding such goods, wares, and merchandize uiav have been imported into Ireland before the passing of this A

V.  Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the and al To on duties mentioned and fet forth in the said schedule marked (A.) 8°°d» m shall be charged and payable on all such of the goods, wares,  t  to

and merchandize therein mentioned, as, having been imported ^ny into Inland, shall have been or (ball be warehoufed, and shall remain at the time of the passing of this all in the warehouses in pursuance or by authority of any aft or afts of parliament in force for that purpose, although such goods, wares, or merchandize may have been imported before the palling of this aft: provided always, that such duties shall not be charged or payable on any such goods, wares, or merchandize, until the duties which such goods, wares, and merchandize shall have been fobjeft to before the palling of this aft shall be payable.

VI.  And be it further enacted. That there shall be raised The following levied, cdlefted, and paid, unto and for the use of his Majelly, *Xcifcduties his heirs and (ucceffurs, for and upon all wines which, at or after to be pait' on

the

284 Anno regni quadragefioio quarto Georgii III, c. 67. [1804.

wines »n the the patting of this ad, shall have been or (ball be in the (tores or warehoufcs, or in the cuftody, power* or possession of any importer of, or dealer in, or feller or retailer of wine in b eland, and which shall have paid the duties payable on the importation thereof under or by virtue of any ad or ads in force in Ireland at the pitting of this ad, the respective additional duties of excise following; (that is to fay7,

po(T Hi on of intpoitcrs or Oral. rt.

Duties*

Brown or

MuiC'Jvado fbgrar to be charged with an addition!I duty of %s. 8d. per cwt.

The addition-. ai rx ife du-t*es fpecifitd in fchcdule (H ) on .'pints and tobicco made* in Ireland to be paid*

Additional duty on malt •s. 5//. per barrel.

For and upon each and every tun of French wine, the sum of eleven pounds nineteen shillings and one penny;

For and upon each and every tun of Madeira wine, the sum of nine pounds seventeen shillings and nine-pence:

For and upon each and every tun of Rhenijh wine and wind of Germany and Hungary, the sum of twenty-two pounds nine shillings and four-pence:

For and upon each and every tun of Portugal wines and Spanijh white wines, nine pounds nineteen shillings and eight-pence:

For and upon each and every tun of Spani/h red wines and Canary wine, and all other wines of the dominion of Spain, and the wines of Naples and Sicily, the futn of ttateen pounds nineteen shillings and eight-pence:

And for and upon each and every tun of any other fort of wines, not orherwife enumerated, the sum of twenty-four pounds fifteen shillings and (ixpence; and fo in proportion for any greater or less quantity of such wines refpedively.

- VII. And be it further ena&ed. That there shall be raifri, levied, colledled, and paid, unto and for the use of his Majeftv, his heirs and fuccettors, an additional duty of two (billings and eisht-pence for and upon every hundred weight of brown cr Mufcovado fugar, which, at or after the time of tbepaflingcf this act, shall have been or shall be in the Acres or warehojfes I of any importer of sugar in Ireland, and which shall have been charged with the duty payable thereon under or by virtue of any adl or adls in force immediately before the passing of this a£t.

VIII.  And be it further enadled, That, from and after the patting of this a&, and during the continuance of this adt, there shall be raifed, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fuccettors, upon all spirits made or dittilled in Ireland, and upon all tobacco manufadtured in Ireland, the additional duties of excise inferted, deferibed, and fet forth in figures in the ichedule or table marked (B.), over and above all other duties of excise whatever payable in Ireland thereon, by virtue of any adt or acts in force in Ireland at the time of the patting of this adh

IX.  And be it further enadfed. That, from and after the patting of this adt, and during the continuance of this aSt, there shall be raided, levied, colledhd, and paid, unto and fortbeufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fuccettors, for and upon every

barrel

1S04.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgu III. c. 67.  285

barrel of malt, ground or unground, which shall be made in Inland of barley, or any other corn or grain, whether the fame {all be or shall not be for fair, an additional duty of one .tilling 2nd five-pence, over and above all duties payable thereon under or by virtue of any aft or aft» in force in belong which duty shall be paid by the mahftcr or maker pf such nia!t.

X.  And be it further enacted, That there shall be raifed, ,w kr ed, collected, and paid, unto and for the use of his Majesty,

|h heirs and fucceflfors, an additions! duty of one (hilling and 0id <{u> > ]i ,l>le

live-pence for and upon every batrel of malt which shall have to the new.

|cenorfhall be in the pofieflion of any person in Ireland at or

after the pa/Ting of this aft, and which dial! have been charged

pc! argcable with the duty payable thereon under or by virtue

if any aft or afts in force in Ireland immediately before the

piling of this aft.

i XL And be it further enacted. That there shall be paid to  ^

tierjr person who shall export strong beer or ale from Ireland Ki,* expert;.-' [except to Great Britain), a drawback or allowance of fix fhil- tion of ttroug fogs and eleven-pence farthing, for every thirty-two gallons ofbtcr. kh strong beer or ale, in lieu of all former drawbacks or allow-aces thereon.

Xil. And be it further enacted. That there (ball be raifed, Jj® f tried, collefted, and paid unto and for the use of his Majesty, filler* or lis heirs and fucceflors, an additional duty of (ixpence for and ictaUers to be ipon every gallon of aqua vitae, strong waters, or spirits made charged with >r Milled in Ireland, from malt, corn, or grain, or from melafles *n ^j**^1** irfugar, or any other material which, at or after the palling of p^r gallon, iisad, shall have been or shall be in the ftock, cuftody, or pof-fclDoaof any diftiller, reftifier, or retailer of or dealer in spirits inlfiktid, and which spirits shall have been charged or charge-iWe with the duty payable thereon, under or by virtue of any idoncUin force in Ireland immediately before the palling of Lis act

XHL And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Duties and apirarion of ten days after the paifing of this aft, all duties  io

rhatfoever payable to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflbr , Bririth cur-iiher by this or any former or other aft or afts, as excise or rcncy. aftoms, or under any.other name or defeription w hatever, by <rtueof any aft or afts in force in Ireland, and all drawbacks wor in respect of such duties, shall be paid and payable in Bri-$ currency; that is to fay, for every (hillirg to which the laid utics shall amount, there shall be paid the Turn of thirteen-uc% arid fo in proportion for any greater or JefTer fum, fo as lat the said duties ftiall be increased thereby after the rare of ght and one-third per centum in amount; and that in all cafes 'here any duties or drawbacks on the importation or exportation f goods, wares, or merchandize, into or from Ireland, are by \w directed to be ascertained, not by the tale, weight, gauge* or Kafure, but by the value thereof, such value, as well as the ite of duty thereon, shall be taken in British cuirency, any vv, ufage, or culiom to the contrary notwitktiajadir.g, (except Exceptions.

the

*86 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Gsoium III. c. 67. [1804*

the duties payable on the importation of goods of the growth, product, or manufacture of Great Britain, and all drawbacks in jefp<& thereof; and except the duties on the exportation of goods of the growth, product, or manufacture of Irelands to Great Britain; and except duties on the importation of raw or thrown filk, or (orei^n fair, into Ireland, and all drawbacks in refpecfc thereof; and except the duties on coaches and chaifes, on fire-hearths, on male fervants, and on dwelling-houfcs sc-cording to the number of windows or lights; and except inland duties of excise on leather and leather manuta&ures; glass bottles ; vellum, parchment, and paper of all forts, plain, printed, flained, or coloured; and fweets; and also except quit crown composition and port corn, and other rents; and the rates and duties on letters and packers sent by the poll in Ireland): provided always, that no drawback whatever shall be paid in Britik currency, unless the duty which is to be drawn back shall hare been likewise paid in the fame currency.

XIV.  And whereas it is expedient, pursuant to the provisions tf the aits for the union of Great Britain and Ireland, that, in rapid of the additional duties hereby impofid on articles of the growth produce, or minufufture {/'Ireland, or on the materials of which m may be compofed, additional countervailing duties Jbould be charged the goods, wares, and merchandize, articles, matters, and tbi,vt mentioned, dejeribed, and fit forth in ibe table or Jchedule htrvstw annexed marked (C>), being the growth, produce, or manufaftutt tf Great Britain, and imported from thence into Ireland, Juffcicnt tt countervail the said additional duties in Ireland; be it therefore The counter- further ena&ed, That, from and after the paflxng of this ad, fwcifi^d'in** r*'cre  charged  on  the goods, ware?, and incrchandiic,

frhedulc (C.) ar”cles, matters, and things, mentioned, fet forth, and deferibed shall be  in the table or fchedulc marked (C.), the several countervailing

chargeable,  duties therein in figures respectively inferted, deferibed, and ki

forth, in lieu, and full satisfaction of all countervailing duns whatever, payable on such goods, wares, and merchandize articles, matters, and things, under or by virtue of any aft or ails of parliament in force in Ireland at the time of thepaffingof this aft; and that upon the exportation of any article of W denomination, being of the growth, product, or manufacture cf Ireland to Gnat Britain, there shall be allowed and given 1 drawback equal in amount to the countervailing duty on the like article in the said fchedulc, in lieu of and full fatisfaflion oi all drawbacks now allowed by law on the fame.

X V. And whereas it is expedient, on account of the additional ittj by this aft impofid on raw or Mufcovado sugar imported into Ireland, that an additional bounty or allowance Jhould be paid on the exportotm from lielsfnd of all refined sugar manufactured from sugar on th importation whereof the duties impofid by this aft shall have ban dull Additional paid; be ir therefore enafted, That there shall be paid and do intV° kf aH°wc<1 on the exportation from belandof any such refined fugar, f xo'rt \:ion*ot' 2n additional bounty, to be calculated at and after the rate cf reined iugar. twenty two puunds ten shillings for every one huadied pounds '  in

1804.3  Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 67. 287

in money, on the produce end amount of whatever bounty may be due and payable on any such refined sugar refpc&ively by any ad or ads of parliament in force in Ireland at the time of the exportation thereof, over and above the additional bounty on itch sugar granted by an a61 of the present session of parliament, intituled. An aft fir charging, until the twertiy-fifth day of March 44 Geo. $• w thmftmd eight hundred and Jive, certain rates and duties, and fir c* diewing certain bounties and drawbacks upon goods, wares, and mr-|chandize imported into and exported from Ireland; and also for charging certain inland duties of excise and taxes in Ireland, in lieu of firmer rates, duties, and taxes, bounties, and drawbacks: provided .always, that the additional bounty by this a£t granted shall not be (jpid or allowed on any refined fugar, unless it shall appear that 'jk additional duty hereby imposed was paid on the raw sugar ■Iron which the fame was produced.

XVI.  And be it further ena&ed, That in lieu and instead of Drawback* to

all former drawbacks on spirits distilled in Ireland, and exported  011

.(except to Great Britain), every person who (hall, from and ta£**45

after the passing of this atf, export spirits diftiiled in Ireland to (except to •ciy place (except to Great Britain) shall be entitled to and (ball Great Bri-ittceivefor every gallon of such spirits as and for a drawback oftain>^

^he whole duty of excife, as well that on spirits as on malt, paid jfororin respect of the said fpirits, the feveraland respective sums following; that is to fay, of such spirits as shall be pf a strength iqual to British hydrometer proof, the sum of three shillings and nine-pence halfpenny*, and of such spirits as shall be of a strength BOtlcfs than a strength equal to five degrees, or ter) per centumf over British hydrometer proof, the sum of four shillings and Eve-pence half-penny; and of such spirits as shall be of a strength not kfs than a strength equal to ten degrees, or twemy per cen-over British hydrometer proof, the sum of five shillings and one-penny three farthings; and that if the spirits fo to be exported shall be of a greater strength than ten degrees, or twenty fir centum, over British hydrometer proof, there shall be paid for every degree which the said fyiriis Hull exceed the strength before mentioned, a further drawback after the rate of two pounds for every one hundred pounds on the amount of such drawback of five shillings and one-penny three farthings, and fo is proportion for a greater or less quantity.

XVII.  And whereas it is deemed expedient to change the mode of

t&tfting the revenue arising from licences for the sale of spirituous liquors in Ireland, by putting the fame under the management of the mmiffmers of Jlamp-duties in Ireland; be it cnadted, That, from From Sept, tt, and after the twenty-eighth day of September one thousand eight 1804* duties hundred and four, the duties payable under or by virtue of any fJJ.  ^

ad or a&s in force in Ireland upon licences to any person to feil rto.Vc.*to any kind of spirituous liquors, wine, ale, or beer, by retail in any ceafe,

city,town, or place in Ireland, shall cease and determine.

XVIII.  And, in order to secure the duty on every gallon of spirits made or difl'dled in Ireland, in the foci of evety dijiiller, reftifier, retailer of or dealer in spirits and of the additional duty on every

barrtl

283 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 67. [1804.

barrel of malt by this aft herein before severally impofed\ be it en-

Accountofthe adled, That any officer or officers of excise in Ireland, authoriled

* 1* °n^ri!# or required thereto by the commissioners of hi* Majesty's excife, and malt to be ^  „  ,  3  c  L * A  J 3  ^  t

t^ken by the  and  may take an account of the just and true quantity ot

excite  officer,  ail spirits  in the Aock,  caAody, or pofieffion of any difii ler, or

and a  mum  redtifier,  or fadlor, or  retailer of or dealer in spirits in lrcLnl>

and of all malt, whether ground or unground, in the pofieffion StkT C any Per^on >n Ireland, at or after the passing of this adt, and of a!) spirits and malt in the pofteflion of any such diftilier, rectifier, retailer, dealer, or other perfons, after that or any fub-fequent day on which the said additional duties respectively ikll not have  been charged,  in such manner as such officer or officers

is or are  now required  by law to take an account of any fpirits

or inah, and (ball make a return or report in writing to the colledlor of the district in which such person shall re fide, or in which his or her malt-houfe or (lores shall be fituated, of thejuil and true quantity of all such spirits and malt, and of the hid duties payable thereon, over and above the duty theretofore payable thereon; and such return or report shall be a charge oa every such person refpedlively.

Duties on XiX. And be it fmther enabled, That all diftillers, redifiers, such spirits retailers, fa&ors, dealers, or other persons charged with the tad paid whhinthe ment^ncd additional duties on spirits and malt, (hall, within one month from the time they shall be charged therewith, pay to rhe colledlor of the district all such duties as shall be due from them respectively for or on account of such spirits or malr, un-lefs such spirits or malt shall be sooner removed, in which cafe the said additions! duties shall be paid for all such spirits or malt before the fame shall be removed, and before any permit for removing or conveying the'fame shall be granted: provided always, that if any such chaige on any one person shall amour,t to the sum of two hundred pounds, it (bail be lawful for hs AJ.1 jetty's commissioners of excite, with the approbation of the Commiffioners or his Majeily's creafury, to take security for the payment thereof, in such manner and payable at such time or times as shall be expreiied in such approbation, not exceeding fix months.

XX. And be it further enabled. That all such persons fo having spirits or malt in their pofieffion, who shall nor pay, within the time afotefaid, or, in cafe of security being given, within the time or times fpecitied, the duty charged on all such spirits or malt, or shall remove any such spirits or malt without having paid or cleared (he said additional duties refpc&ively, or in whose (lock-account kept by any officer of excise there shall appear to have been any decrease of such spirits or malt without permit, shall forfeit the amount of rhe duty chargeable on such spirits or malt; and if such person shall not have given fecurity, he or 0>c shall forfeit also the sum of fifty pounds for each offence. XXL And be it further enacled. That all wines, which, be-portert brforr forc the parting of this act, shall have neen imported, the duties

thuTcV Jn°f Pa)able upon the import of which (hali not have been duly paid i *  and

time nerun mentioned.

Penalty for default in paymtnr of such duties, Ac.

WinCim-

t8o4-1 Anno regni quadragcfimoquarto Geo&gii III. c. 67. 279

and difcharged, shall be considered as wines remaining in his which the Majcfty's (lores or warehouses at the palling of this ad, and (hall  have

be charged accordingly; and the proprietor thereof shall be fub- been paid, to jest to the additional duties on the importation thereof men* be charged tioned, contained, and fet forth in the schedule or table hereunto with the addi-annexed, marked (A.), over and above all former duties payabletional duty# on the fame,

XXII. And, for afeertaining tie Jiock of all foreign wines belong- . is* to all merchant importers of factors and dealers in, or fellers or Tttailirs of foreign wines, and of all brown or Mufcovaclo sugars in the Jiock ofany importer of sugar in Ireland, dt or after the pajjing of this aft9 and for securing the additional duties by this aft imposed . therm, be it further enaded, That every such importer of. Importer* and dealer in, feller or retailer of foreign wines, and every importer d*alcri ,n‘ of sugar in Ireland, who shall respectively have any such wine or barters of sugar respectively in his, her, or their pofieflion, in any ware- fugar, to deli* houfe, ftore-room, (hop, cellar, vault, or other place, or in the ver anaccount custody or pofieflion of any other person for his, her, or their trie, (hall, within three days after the thirty-firft day of July one of excise of the thousand eight hundred and four, deliver, at the office of the diltridt, in the colleflor of excise of the district in which such wine or sugar mannerherein respectively shall have been on the day of the passing of this ad, mentioned, or any other day between-that day and the said thirty-firft day of 7«^inclufivc, a juft, true, and particular account m writing of the quantity of all the foreign wine, and of all the brown or Mulcovado sugar refpedively, which, on the day of the passing of this ad, or on any day between that day and the said thirty* first day of July inclulive, shall have fp been in the custody or pofieflion ot such dealer in, or feller or retailer of foreign wine, or importer of sugar refpedively, in every such warehouse or other place, or in the custody or pofieflion of any person for his or her ufe, deferibing the places in which the fame shall refpec-tively be, and the situation thereof, and distinguishing such foreign wines from each other, according to the true denomination thereof, as the fame are herein-before deferibed, and also distinguishing whether such wines are white or red; and all wines in bottles shall be accounted for according to the number of bottles, without exprefiing the number of gallons of wine contained in such bottles, but estimating the number of such gallons in the whole by a fair calculation made on the actual content of . any given number of such bottles indifferently chofen; and every such importer of or dealer in, or feller or retailer of foreign wine, and every such importer of sugar refpedively, shall make oath, or, if a quaker, a folgmn affirmation, before any chief commif-fioner or fub-commiffioner of excife, that such account is a true, juft, and perfect account of all such wines and sugars refpec-tively as aforesaid, which oath or affirmation any such com-miffioncr or fub-commiffioner is hereby authorised to adminifter; and every such importer, dealer, feller, retailer, or other perfon. Penalty for who (ball neglect to deliver or cause to be delivered such account default within the time afordaid, and to make such oath or affirmation,

V01, XLV.  U  ot

2So Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 67. [1804.

or who shall deliver or cause to be delivered any falfc or untrue account) shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds; and all such foreign wine and sugars refpedtivcly, of which such account shall not be delivered, or of which any false or untrue account shall be delivered, shall also be forfeited, together with the calks, bottles, jars, veflels, hogfheads, and pattages containing the fame refpedtively, and shall and may be ferzed by any officer or officers of his Majesty's revenue in Ireland*

Officers of  XXIII. And be it further ena&ed. That it shall and may be

ente?theay  f°r y officer or officers of excife, as soon after the paff-

premifes of *ng °f z& as conveniently may be, to enter into all or any wine-dealers of the warehoufes, ftorehoufes, rooms, (hops, cellars, vaults, and and importers other places of any such importer of, or dealer in, or feller of fate uact f°rc‘gn wine, whether by wholesale or retail, and into any place count of flock, where any wine belonging to any importer of, dealer in, or feller or retailer of wine shall be, and, by tatting, gauging, or other-wife, to take an account of the quality and quantity of all wine then and there found in the custody of or belonging to any such importer, dealer, feller, or retailer, in any calk, or in any veffel, except bottles, and also to take an account of all such wine which shall be then and there found in bottles, in any other manner than by tatting the fame, or by uncorking or opening the bottles! containing such wine, unless with the consent of the proprietor, for the purpose of afeertaining the number of gallons therein in manner afore-mentioned; and in cafe of refusal of such confent, each bottle shall be deemed to contain the quantity which its common denomination of pint, quart, two quarts, and fo forth, imports; and in like manner it shall and may be lawful for anj officer or officers of excise to enter into all or any of the ware-houfes, ftorehoufes, rooms, or other* places of any importer of fugars, and to take an account of all brown or Mufcovado fugars, and the quantity thereof, then and there found in the custody of or belonging to any such importer; and if any officer officers.108 or °®ccrs °f excise shall not, on demand made by him or them at any such warehoufe, ftorehoufe, room, (hop, cellar, vault, or other place, be admitted therein, or shall not be suffered to take an account of all wines and sugars respectively in manner afore-laid, or if such importer, dealer, feller, retailer, or person having the custody or possession of such wines, or such importers ot fugars, shall neglect or refuse to (hew or cause to be (hewn to " such officer all the wines and sugars respectively in every iuc.i warehouse or other place refpedlively, such person refpettivel;, into or at whose warehouse or other place such officer shall nut be admitted, or shall not be suffered to take such accounts re-fpedkively, and every such person who shall refuse or ncgled t$ (hew or cause to be (hewn to such officer all such wines or sugars as aforesaid refpedtively, shall for every such offence or default respectively forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds.

In cafe of dif- XXIV. And be it further enarfted. That in cafe of any dif-may ta*CCTi Pute ^etween the °fficer of excise and any such importer of, or foroplea of dealer, or feller of foreign wine, as to the nature or species d —^ &c.  ;  aty

1804J Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 67. 281

any particular wine, and the country of which it is the growth or manufacture, it shall and may be lawful for any officer of excife, and every such- officer is hereby authorised and empowered to take, at any time or times, a sample or famples, not exceeding one quart, of any such foreign wine, whether in bottles or in calks, or in any other vessel or veflels, paying for the lame wine the usual price thereof; and if such officer or officers shall not be permitted to take, such sample or samples as aforesaid, upon his offering to pay for the fame after the rate aforesaid, or shall in any wife be obstructed or hindered by any person or persons whatever in taking such sample or famples, the importer of or dealer in, or feller or retailer of such wine, or other person in whose custody such wine shall be, (hall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XXV.  And be it further enacted, That all and every such Officen tak-officer and officers of excise who shall take such account of

fuch wines and sugars refpe&iv^ly, shall insert therein the fug^ to in-amount of duties hereby charged and payable thereon ; and the fert therein sums charged in such account mall be a charge on such importer the amount of, dealer in, or feller or retailer of wine, or other person or ^ch^all perfons, and on such importer of sugar refpedively, who shall ^ charged pay the (aid duty accordingly, in cafe such return or report (ball accordingly, contain a greater quantity of wines or sugar refpediively than shall be respectively comprised in the respective accounts hereinbefore directed to be returned by the parties respectively to whom such wine or sugar shall belong, otherwise the account given by such parties shall be a charge on him or her, and he or (he(hall pay the said duty accordingly; and where no such account shall have been returned by such importer or other perfon, the return made by the officer under this ad shall be a conclusive charge on such importer or other perfon.

XXVI.  And be it further ena&ed. That every person charge-Duty on fu-able with the said additional duties on sugar (hall, within three £ar calendar months after the said thirty-firft day of July, pay t°accrtain pe-** the collector of excise the (aid duties m respect of all such sugars r'10d, p * ' as aforesaid in his or her pofleflion, or in the possession of any

other person or persons for his or her use as aforesaid 5 and in default of payment thereof at the time aforesaid, every such person fo chargeable as aforesaid shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, and double the amount of the duty for which he shall be fo chargeable as aforesaid.

XXVII.  And be it further ena&ed. That it shall and may Bond to be be lawful for any such importer, dealer, or other person charge- ^nt of duty" able with the said additional duties on wines in respect of such on ^ y wines in his or her flock or pofleflion, to give security .by bond flock.

to his Majesty, with two sufficient fureties,'to be approved of by the collector of the district in which such importer or other person refides, which bond such collector is hereby authorised to take for his Majesty's use in a penalty of not !efs than double the amount of the said additional duties, conditioned that such im«

v 2  porter*

282 Anno regni quadragcfimo quarto Georgii til. c. 67# [1804.

porter, dealer, or other person shall pay the amount of the said additional duty on or before the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred and five, by fix equal inflalments; the first of fiich inflalments to be paid on the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and four, the four fuc-ceedmg inflalments on the twenty-firfl day of December, the twenty-fifth day of March, the twenty-fourth day of June, and the twenty-ninth day of September then next enfiling, and the sixth and last instalment on or before the said twenty-fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred and five.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted. That if the merchant

No permit

*h»b* importer ot, dealer in, or teller or retailer ot any tucn wines, or tiieremoval of importer of such sugar refpedlively, shall have fold or shall wine or sugar fcH the fame, or any part thereof, and Ihall be desirous of re-from theftock moving the fame out of his flock before payment of the rcfpcc-the dealer tive additional duties by this a6t impofed, no permit shall be nuxlutics are grantC(j for the removal thereof, unless the said respective additional duties, and all duties of customs and excise due thereon, shall have been previously paid.

A discount of XXIX. And be it further ena&ed. That if any person who charged with qr be liable tb the said respective addi-promptpayw>rli°nal duties, shall pay the fame or any part thereof before the meat/  expiration  of  the  refpe£tive times when the fame are by this ad

required to be paid, every such person shall be allowed, as a discount for prompt payment, a sum out of such duties as he or file shall fo pay, after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum for fach time as any sum shall be paid by him before the time when the fame is by this act required to be paid.

Additional XXX. Provided always, and be it enabled, That in all cats feSmbybCwhcre t^lc w^°*e or any Part duties on importation of -e -  ^  any goods, wares, or merchandise into Ireland, are permitted to

be secured by bond, by virtue of any a61 or ads of parliament in force in Ireland at the time of such importation, the duties by this act granted or imposed may, in like manner, and tinder the fame rules, regulations, reftridtions, and conditions, be permitted to be secured by bond.

XXXI.  Provided alfo, and be it further cna&ed, That no bond that may be taken in pursuance of this act shall be chargeable with any of the duties upon (lamped vellum, parchment, or paper, any law or statute to the contrary notwithflanding.

XXXII.  Provided alfo, and be it enadled, That if any person who shall be charged with the additional duties by this act im-

___________ posed upon any wine, fugar, malt, or fpirits, in his or her poffef-

tional duty to fion, shall have fold or controlled to fell any such wide, fugar, buyer before malt, or spirits to any person or perfons, and shall not have de-delivery. Jivered the fame to the buyer thereof, then and in every such cafe the buyer of the said wine, fugar, malt, or spirits shall not be entitled to claim the delivery of such wine, fugar, malt, or fpirits, without first paying the additional duty which such teller shall have been charged with or paid for such wine, fugar, malt, or fpirits.

•  XXXIII/

A  I

tond not fuojedt to ftaxnp-duty.

Dealer in wine, Ac. entitled to charge addi-

1804] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 67. 283

XXXIII.  And be it further ena&ed, That the price of all Price of teas teas imported into Inland shall be inserted in the cockets, and

(hall be further ascertained by reference to the sale books of the thc^ockeU,*11 Ea/l-India company, according to the manner heretofore efta- &c.  *

blifbed in Ireland for that purpose.

XXXIV.  And be it further enacted, That all monies arilipg Ihities to be by the additional duties imposed by this ad, shall be carried to

and made part of the consolidated fund of Ireland.  fund 0f

XXXV.  Provided always, and be it further enaded, That Ireland,

the fees due and payable by law at and immediately before the No greater palling of this ad upon any entry or cocket, inwards or out- *** to ** wards, shall not be demanded or taken by or for the use of any  or

officer of his Majesty's revenue for any entry or additional entry cocket on necessary to be made on account of the additional duties imposed account of by this ad, of any of them.  additional

XXXVI.  And be it further enaded, That all the duties,

drawbacks, bounties, and allowances in this aft and the respective  to

(chedules hereunto annexed, fpecified, mentioned, and contained, be pajd (ball be paid and payable and received and receivable in Britijh Britflh cur* currency, except as is herein-beforc excepted j and that the said rcncy> &c. duties, drawbacks, allowances, and bounties, shall be paid and

received upon the several articles and things in this ad and the respective schedules hereunto annexed, fpecified, mentioned, and contained, according to the tale, weight, gauge, mcafure, or value of the said articles respectively fpecified, and also in proportion upon any greater or less number, weight, quantity, meafure, or value of such articles, matters, and things re* fpedively.

XXXVII.  And be it further enaded, That the several duties, Duties and rates, and impositions hereby granted upon goods, wares, and merchandize imported into Ireland (ex ceps as to frch of the (aid ^ applied, duties as may by law be bonded during such time only as such

duties (ball not be demandahle), and all penalties and forfeitures in respect thereof, and all inland or excise duties by this a St granted, shall be raifed, levied, colleded, and paid unto his Majesty, bis heirs and fucceflors, and all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by this ad inflicted and enaded, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, and applied, in the fame manner and under such powers and authorities, and by such ways and methods, and according tp such rules and direttions, and under such penalties and forfeitures, as are appointed, dir.eded, and ex pressed for the raif&ng, colleding, levying, paying, and managing of duties payable on goods, wares, .and merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland in and by an ad of parliament made in Ireland in th? fourteenth and fifteenth years of his. late .majefty King Charles the Second, intituled, An all for settling of the excise or new impojl upon his fofajejly% his heirs and jucceJforsy ac-» cording to thi book of rates therein inferted, and by any other ad or ads in force in Ireland relating to the revenue of customs and excife, or either of them, as fully and effedually, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame were herein cxprelled and enaded,

with

284 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 67. [1804.

with the like remedy of appeal to and for the party or parties aggrieyed as in and by the said lad-mentioned ad, palled in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his said late majesty King Charles the Second, or any other ad or ads as . _ .  ..  aforesaid  is provided.

no*fill March  XXXVIII- And be it further enaded, that this ad fliall

*5f *805. be and continue in force until and upon the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five, and no longer; and that this ad may be amended, altered, or repealed by any ad or ads to be made in this present session of parliament.

Schedule (A,)

A SCHEDULE of the ADDITIONAL DUTIES payable on Importation into Ireland of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated or deferibed, (not being the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain), and of the Drawbacks to be allowed , on the due Exportation thereof from Ireland,

  Duty.  Drawback.

    £,• J* d.

Snuff, the pound - -  0 0 6i  0 0 6i

Sugar, viz.  —— Mufcovado and Brown, of the British plan-    O  00

tations, the cwt. - -  00  0  

—• Not of the British plantations, except sugars imported by the Eaft-India company, the    

cwt. - - -  0 11 7rc  0 II 7A

-   Candy Brown, the cwt. -  013 7  O 13' 7 .

■  Candy White, the cwt. -  1 9 3tc  I 9 3ts

  Refined fugar, of any other fort, the cwt.  1 9 3tV  1 9 s

Wine, the tun of 252 gallons, viz.    

— French - - -  11 19 1  11 19 1

- — Madeira - -  9 *7 9  9 17 9

— Portugal and Spanish White wines -  9 19 8  9 19 8

—— Spanish Red Wines, and Canary Wines, and all other wines of the dominions of Spain,    

and the wines of Sicily and Naples -  16 19 8  16 19 8

— Rhenifli, Germany, and Hungary wines -  22 9 4  22 9 4

— n&t otherwise enumerated or deferibed  24 IS 6  24 15 6

Schedule

Schedule (B.)

A SCHEDULE of INLAND DUTIES of Excite for, upon, and in respect of the several Articles therein mentioned.

duty.

SPIRITS.  £.  s.  i.

For and upon every gallon of aqua vitae, strong waters, or fpirits, made or distilled in Ireland from-malt, or from corn malted or unmalted, to be made by the first maker or distiller thereof - o O ai

For and upon every gallon of spirits made or distilled from melafies in Ireland, to be paid by the first maker or distiller thereof -  -  -  o  o  6^

TOBACCO.

For and upon every pound weight of tobacco, which {hall be manufactured in Ireland in any manner, to be paid by the person manufacturing the fame, or taking any part thereof out of the original package, and to be paid for every pound weight contained in such package, at the time when the fame ihall be opened -  -004

Schedule (C.)

COUNTERVAILING DUTIES payable on the Importation from Great Britain into Inland or certain Articles of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain.

DUTY.

BEER.  £•  Sm  dm

For and upon every barrel of beer or ale, containing 32 gallons, brewed or made in Great Britain - o 6 III And fo in proportion for any greater or left quantity.

SPIRITS.

For and upon every gallon of spirits being of the tnanufa&ure of Great Britain -  -  -  O  J  ij

SUGAR refined^ of the manufacture of Great Britain.

For and upon every hundred weight, containing nalbs.

Of all sugars called Baftards, whole or ground, - i 6 6 Lumps , -  -  .  2  9  4{

Single Loaf Sugar -  -  2  13  o

SCHEDULE

286 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Geo&gii III. c. 68* [1804.

SCHEDULE (C.) continued.  duty*

Sugar continued.  £.  s.  d»

.Of all sugars called Powder Loaf and double loaf % 17 oj Sugar Cjindy Brown -  - 2 9 Ai

Sugar Candy White  -  - a 17 o|-

Of all refined sugar of any other forts -  - 2 17

TOPACCO and SNUFF.

For and upon every pound weight avoirdupois of unmanufactured tobacco of the growth or pro* duce of Great Britain over and above any duty of customs now payable -  -  -  -009

For and upon every pound weight avoirdupois of British manufactured Short Cut tobacco, or tobacco manufactured into what is commonly called or known by the name of Spanifh - - o 1 4^ British manufactured Shag tobacco cut -  -01  2,V

Britifh manufactured Roll tobacco  «-  - o 1  44*

Britifh manufactured Carrot tobacco -  - o I 2**

Of every other fort of British manufactured tobacco

not herein-before enumerated or described  -01

Britifh manufactured Rappee snuff  -  - o 1  1

Britifh manufactured snuff called Scotch snuff -01  8££

Britifh manufactured snuff called Brown Scotch snuff -  -  -  -  -01  2 a

Britifh manufactured Stalk Flour  -  *01  745

For and upon every pound weight of every other fort or kind of British manufactured snuff or snuff work not herein-before enumerated or described -  *  *  -  * O 1 8f|

CAP. LXVIII.

An Qtl for granting to bis Majesty certain jlamp~dutie$ in Ireland.— [July 10, 1804.]

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal fubjeCts, the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Inland, in parliament affembled, towards railing the necessary supplies granted to your Majesty, and for the support of your Maiefty^s government, do mbft humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enaCted; and be it enacted by the Ring's molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affem-The duties bled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after expressed in the expiration of ten days after the passing of this aCt, there fhh du?cxcd  throughout that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland,

ihail belaid bc raifed, levied, collc&cd, and paid, unto his Majesty, his —* '  heirs

1804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III, c. 68.  2Sj

heirs and fucceffors, for and upon the several articles, matters, and things, expressed in the fchcdule hereunto annexed, the several and rcfpc&ive rates, impofitions, duties, charges, and sums of money in the said fchcdule refpefUvely mentioned and let forth; which said schedule shall be deemed and taken as .part n . of this a St to all intents and purposes.  tioncd in

II.  And be it further ena&ed, That, from and after the ex- schedule on piration of ten days after the palling of this ad, the ftamp- licences for duties now payable in Inland upon any licence to any perfon

toad as a notary publick, and on every letter of attorney cm-gttornCy to powering any person to receive rents, shall ccafe and determine; receive rents# and that in lieu thereof the duties mentioned in the schedule to be paid hereunto annexed shall be paid and payable on such licences and i"**®** of letters of attorney refpedively.

III.  And be it further enaded, That every copy of any pro- p^iama-clamation, order of council, or ad of ftate, made by the lord- tfonB> &c#* lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for pubHfhed in the time being, or the privy council of Ireland, which shall be any news-contained or published in any gazette, newfpaper, journal, or

daily accounts, to be published weekly or ofteoer, or in any Dublin O*-other printed paper or pamphlet, dispersed or made publick, zette), to be yearly, monthly, or at any other interval of time, (except the charged with Dublin Gazette,) fhall, from and after the expiration of ten days  0X1

after the passing of this ad, be considered as an advertisement, by" and (ball accordingly be charged with and pay the several duties 43 Geo. j. imposed on advert') fements by an ad made in the forty-third c. si. year of his prelent Majesty's reign, intituled, An oft for granting U bis Mojejiy several duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the mmijfmersfor managing the Jlamp-duties in Ireland; any thing in the said recited ad, or any. other law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV.  And.be it further enaded, That no affidavit, made for^^davit the purpose of grounding thereon any presentment of any grand a°pr|fcntmim jury for railing money for repair of roads or for any other 0f a

publick purpose, shall be lodged with or received by the fecre- jury, Sec. to tary of any grand jury, nor mall be entered in any schedule received, delivered to any grand jury, nor shall any such affidavit be de-  *

livered to any grand jury, unless such affidavit shall be written “an>^ea* on paper damped with the stamp required by the schedule to this ad annexed; any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.  And be it further enaded, That, from and immediately Commiffion-after the passing of this ad, the commissioners of ftamp-duties*™°^unp# in/r^of for the time being, or any of them, may, under his licences to or their hand and feal, or hands and feals, grant a licence to poftmaftm, any poftmafter, innkeeper, or other person in Ireland, who shall Sec. to let apply for the fame, to let qut horses for hire, for the purpose of^?^fcs ** travelling poft, by the mile, or from stage toftage, and that alP ^

fuch licenced shall be in force from the dav of granting the fame, or from such day subsequent thereto as mall be mentioned in the laid licence, until the twenty-fifth day of March next

following

Penalty for letting horses without licences.

So much of recited a& 43 Geo. 3.. c. ix. as

fation to be made in lieu, shall be repealed.

288 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Gsorgii HI. c.68. [1804,

following the day on which the said licence {hall fo begin td have force, and no longer, in like manner as other licences granted by the commissioners of ftamp-duties in Inland; and that no person (hall, from and after the expiration of ten days) after the palling of this ad, let out any borfe or horses to bird as aforesaid, without having taken out such licence \ and that any perfbn who shall let out any borfe or horses to hire as aforesaid, without having obtained such licence, (hall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.  j

VT. .And be it further enaded, That fo much of the (aid recited aft, made in the forty-third year of his present Majesty's reign, as exempts bank notes and bank post bills, issued by the exempts bank governor and company of the bank of Ireland) or by any other notes, &c. bank or bankers in Ireland,, from any of the (aid duties by the duT1 thereby ^ a<^ charged and made payable, and as authorises any coincide payable, penfation to be made by or received from the said governor and and author If- * company, or by or from such other bank, or banker or bankers, ing compen- for and in lieu of ftamp-duties payable on bank notes and bank post bills issued by them, (hall, from and after the expiration of ten days after the palling of this ad, be, and the fame is hereby repealed: provided always* that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be corrftrued to extend, to charge the said governor and company, or any other bank, or banker or^bankers in Ireland^ with the payment of any duty for any such notes or bills, during the time for which any such com penfation shall have been actually and bona fide paid and made before the pasting of this ad.

VII.  And be it further enaded, That the said commissioners of ftamp-duties in Ireland shall cause separate and particular (lamps or marks to be provided, to denote the duties payable on bank notes and bhnk post bills issued by the governor and corn-notes, and on, pany 0f bank 0f Ireland^ or by any other bank, or banker Ixrtificates:  br bankers in Ireland, and also new and particular ft amps or

all issued after marks to denote the duty by this ad and the schedule hereunto the time annexed made payable on permits relative to any excifeable or herein men- other goods, and on certificates of such permits; and all such having the bank notes and bank poll bills, and permits or certificates renew ttamp, to fpedively, as {hall be issued after one month from the day on be deemed which publick notice shall be given in the Dublin Gazette by undamped, the said commissioners of (lamps, that such separate or new or particular (lamps or marks for the fame are respectively provided, and shall be written or printed on any paper or parchment without such (lamps or marks, or having any other (lamps or marks than those fo provided, for the purposes aforesaid refpedively, although such damps may be of the amount by law required, shall be of no other effect than if they had been written or printed on paper or parchment not marked or (lamped 3 and all persons who shall write or print any such bank note, bank post bill, permit, or certificate, on any paper or parchment, having any other (lamps or marks than those fo provided for the purpose aforesaid, shall incur and fuficr such

penalty

6tamps to be provided to denote the duties payable on bank

1804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Gborqii III. c. 6S.  489

penalty as they would be liable to in cafe such bank note, bank port bill, .permit, or certificate refpeflively, had been written or printed on paper or parchment not marked or

ftamped.

VIII.  And be it further enacted, That the several duties hereby Duties to be granted ihall be under the government, care, and management under the

of the commissioners for the time being appointed to manage

the duties charged upon damped vellum, parchment, and paper, miffioncrtibr

who, or the major part of them, are hereby required and (tamps.

empowered to employ the necessary officers under them (or that

purpofe, and (in order to denote the several duties payable by

virtue of this aft on (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper,

whenever they fee occafion) to use such (lamps as have been

heretofore provided, to denote any former duties on (lamped

vellum, parchment, or paper, (except where by this aft directions

are given for providing other (lamps,) or to cause new (lamps to

be provided for that purpose, and to alter or renew the fame, or

any of them, from time to time, and to do all other things

neceflary to be done for putting this aft in execution, with

relation to the several duties hereby granted, in the like and as

full and ample.a manner, as they, or the major part of them are

authorifed to put in execution any former law concerning any

duties under their management.

IX.  And be it enafted, That it shall be lawful for any Ptrfons may person or persons possessed of, or who shall be possessed of, any ||ave old vellum, parchiqjnt, or paper, damped or marked with any c^g^3*{<* stamp or mark to denote any of the duties now payable by law new, paying 00 stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, upon which any duty the difference is hereby impofed, greater than the duties now payable thereon, of price, &c. 2t my time to bring such vellum, parchment, or paper to the

/aid commiffioners, at their head office in Dublin, who are hereby authorised and required, upon request of such person or perfons, to order either that such vellum, parchment, and paper be stamped with a duty denoting such greater or higher duty, the person or persons requesting the fame paying the difference of price between the said respective (lamps, or that such vellum, parchment, or paper, as shall be brought for the purpose by the person requesting the fame, to be duly stamped and marked with damps denoting such duties, as the person or persons requesting the fame shall require in exchange for such vellum, parchment, and paper, as shall be offered for exchange, the person or persons to whom the fame shall be given paying the difference, if any, between the said respective (lamps; provided always, that the damps marked on such vellum, parchment, and paper, to be offered for exchange, be cancelled,

X.  And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons penalty on' (lull, at any time or times hereafter, counterfeit or forge, or counterfeiting cause or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any type, mark, darop»>

or ftamp, to resemble any type, mark, or damp already kppt or ufed, or hereafter to be kept or used at the head office of the commiflioQers of (lamp-duties ia Dublin, for denoting the charging*

290 Annoregni quadragefimoquartoGsoaon III. c. 68. [1804.

mg, or marking, on vellum, parchment, or paper, or other matter directed to be (lamped with any of the duties by this aft charged thereon, or if any person or perfons, fare and except such person or persons as shall be lawfully entitled to have and use the fame for the purpose of (lamping vellum, parchment, or paper, in pursuance of this aft, shall have in his, her, or their pofleffion, any type, die, mark, or damp, to resemble any type, die, mark, or damp already kept or ufed, or hereafter to be kept or used at the said head office for denoting, charging, or marking, on vellum, parchment, or paper, or other matter directed to be (lamped, any of the duties by this aft charged 'thereon, or shall counterfeit, mark, or imprefs, or cause or pro* cure to be counterfeited, marked, or imprefled, on any vellum, ^  parchment,  or  {taper,  any  mark  or  device, used or kept at the

bead office afore faid, for denoting the charging or marking, on vellum, parchment, or paper, or other matter or thing directed to be (lamped, any of the duties by this aft charged thereon, or lhall utter, vend, or fell, or cause to be uttered, vended, or fold, or shall have in his or her pofTeffion, with intent to fell thg fame, any vellum, parchment, or paper, with any counterfeit device, mark, or impression thereupon, to resemble any mark or device used or kept at the head office aforesaid, for the purposes afore* faid, knowing such device, mark, or impression to be counterfeited, then, and in any of the said cafes, every such person fo offending, and being thereof convifted, (hall, for every such offence, be adjudged to fuffer, and shall accordingly fuflfer such punishment by fine, imprifonment, pillory, and other corporal punilhment, or by any or either ot the said punilhments, as shall be adjudged bv the court before whom such person lhall be tried, such impri (eminent not to exceed fix months*

XI.  And be it further enacted. That all the duties by this aft granted, and all other duties under the management ot the said commissioners of (lamps, (except only such of the said duties as paid^mBritiih are under the sum of (ixpence, or between the sum of sixpence and the sum of one (hilling, and the damp-duties on certificates with respect to killing game,) shall be paid and payable in Britijh Currency, any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithdanding; and that all monies arising by the several duties hereby granted shall be paid from time to time into the hands of the receiver-general for the time being of the duties on damped vellum, parchfrient, or paper, who shall pay the fame (the necessary charges of railing, paying, and accounting for the fame, being dedufted) into the receipt of the exchequer of Ireland^ at such time and in such manner as the duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, are by law directed to and carried to be paid; and all monies fo paid into the said receipt as aforesaid r (ball be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund of

$££** IM.

Powers of  XII. ^nd lt ena®e<^* That all powers, provifions, rules,

former afts  methods, articles, daufes, penalties, didributions of penalties

relating to and forfeitures, and all other matters and things preferibed by

the

Duties under the commissioners of (tamps to be

currency (except as herein men* tinned),

A

z 804.] Anno regm quadragelimo quarto Georgii III. c* 68*  291

the laid recited ad paired in the last session of parliament, or by ftarop-dutic* any other a& or ads of parliament in force in Inland, relating |° to the ftgmp-duties on vellum, parchment, or paper, and not10 19 hereby expressly altered, shall be of force and effect with relation to all duties hereby granted, and shall be applied and put in execution for the railing, levying, collecting, and securing the (everal duties hereby granted, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame had been hereby re-ena&ed, with relation to the duties hereby granted.

XIII.  And be it further enaded, That the ftamp-duties Duties on

impeded by this ad upon affidavits, and all regulations respecting affidavits to the fame, shall take place and be in force from the first day of  P,ac*

September one thousand eight hundred and four, and no sooner j  **  K*

any thing in this ad contained to the contrary notwithftanding.  .

XIV.  And be it further enaded, That this ad may

varied, altered, or repealed, by any ad to be palled in this pealed this felBoa of parliament.  fcffioa.

SCHEDULE to which this Ad refers.

A SCHEDULE of the (everal DUTIES to be paid on tho several and respective Articles therein fet forth.

For every Ikin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (beet or piece of paper, on which shall be engrofled, written, or printed, any of the following articles, or any part thereof, the respective duties following $ videlicet,

£. x. d.

Any letter of attorney, empowering any person to

receive rents -  -  -  -  -  1  10  O

Any affidavit made in pursuance of any law for amending or repairing publick roads, or made before the trustees of any turnpike relative to the roads or tolls of such turnpike, or made for the purpose of grounding thereon any presentment of any grand jury, or tor railing money for repair of roads or any other publick purpose, or for accounting for any publick money, or difeharging queries on presentments -  -  -  -  -020

Any permit granted by any officer of his Majesty's revenue, or any distributor of (lamps or other person duly authorised to grant the fame, relative to any exciieable or other goods, and also any certificate of any such permit required by law.

If the duties on the goods permitted thereby

amount to the sum of live pounds or less -002

,  If

*9& Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 68. [1804.

&  '• *

If the duties amount to more than five pounds

and not exceeding ten pounds -  -  -003

If to more than ten pounds and not exceeding

fifteen pounds -  -  -  -  -006

If to more than fifteen pounds -  -  -010

Any licence to any poftmafter, innkeeper, or other person in Inland, who shall let to hire any horse for the purpose of travelling post by the mile or from stage to stage -  -  -  -  -100

Any licence to any person to a St as a notary publick 200 Any licence to any person to fell any kind of fpiri-tuous liquors by retail in the places following; videlicet,

In the city of Dublin or within the Circular Road surrounding the said city, and within the district of the metropolis -  -  -  -  -33  00

Beyond the said Circular Road and wall of his Ma-jefty's park the Phoenix% not more than two miles distant therefrom -  *  -  -  -  22  0  0

In every other place within the district of the excise office of Dublin, beyond the Circular Road and . wall of his Majesty's park the Phoenix, not distant more than five miles therefrom -  -  16  10  0

Within the city of Cork and all places furrounded

by the said city -  -  -  -  -33  0  0

And within the reft of the county of the said city 22 0 0 Within the city of Waterford and all places fur-

rounded by the said city  -  -  -  - 33 0  0

And within the reft of the county of the said city 22 0 0 In the city of Limerick, including that part thereof called Saint Francis's Abbey, and all places fur-rounded by the said city  -  -  -  - 33 0  c

And within the reft of the county of the said city 22 0 0 Within the cities of Armagh, Londonderry, and Kilkenny, and within the towns of BelfoJlj Newry,

Galway, Dundalk, Drogheda, and Qonmell - 16 10 0 Within all other cities, corporate towns, market-towns where markets are usually held, and within one mile of the town-houfe, market-houfe, or principal market-place -  -  11  0  0

In any other part of Inland than those parts before

defcribed -  -  -  -  -  -  6  12  0

Any licence to any person to fell spirits in any place in Ireland^ in quantities not less than two gallons, the like duty as is payable in fnch place on a licence to fell spirituous liquors by retail.

CAP.

1804.] Anno regoi quadragefimo quarto Gsoftcu III. c.69. 293 CAP. LXIX.

Jn act to amend the laws for regulating the Unen manufacture of

Ireland,—fJ«ly 10, 2804.]  »

WHEREAS by the several laws for regulating the linen and hempen manufacture in Ireland, the trujlees thereof are empowered to appoint one infpeClor-gtneral to go from time to time through the various parts of Ireland, or to appoint one such infpedor-general to go through the various parts of the province of Ulfter, one other to go through the other three provinces; and also to appoint, in tofe they Jball judge it expedient, two persons jointly to execute the office of such infpeftor-genergl: and whereas, in pursuance thereof they have appointed two persons to execute the office of infpeQor-general for the province of Ulfter, and two other persons to execute the office of infpeCl or-general for the other three provincees \ but they have lately deemed it urmeceffary to have two infpefiors-generalfor thefrovince <?/Ulfter; and it is  necessary and expedient) for the better execution of the trufl reposed in the said trujlees, that the infpeClion of the linen and hempen manufacture in Ireland Jhould be new arrangea: may it therefore, please your Majesty that it may be enabled j and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, -and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That if the said trustees shall think fit to Truftees may appoint one infpe&or-general to go from time to time through appoint prr-the various parts of Ireland, it shall and may be lawful to and tors^eneral"" for the said trustees to appoint pne other person to be provincial 0t liifm. infpe&or-gencral for the province of Ul/ler, and one other for the province of Connaught, and one other for the provinces of Ltinfier and Munfler, during their will and pleasure \ and every provincial infpedor fo appointed shall perform the duties, and have all and Angular the powers and authorities, and be* subject to all the rules and regulations preferibed by law for an infpedtor-general, and shall likewise carry into execution, within his province or diftridt, all orders respecting the said manufacture which shall from time to time be given to him by the infpedtor-general, and shall from time to time make such inquiries and returns, respecting the said manufacture, and the execution of his office, as shall be desired by the said infpe&or-general j and the person fo appointed infpedtor-general shall perform the duties, and have all and Angular the powers and authorities, and be subject to all the regulations preferibed by law for an in-fpe&or-general.

II.  Provided always. That no further or additional expence No additional shall be incurred by the said truftees, cither by increase of falary, expence to be or otherwife, for such infpe&or-general of all Ireland\ than they are enabled by law to incur for the first infpedtor-general of the gjneraf, °rS" provinces of Leinjler, Munfler, and Connaught; nor any further5 or additional expence for the provincial inspector of Connaught,

than

*94 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Gbor<gii III. c. 69. [1804.

than they are enabled by law to incur for the (econd infpe&or-gdneral of the said three provinces; nor any further or additional expence for the provincial inspector of Ulfler* than they are by law enabled to incur for the first infpe£fcor-general of Ulfler \ nor any further or additional expence for the provincial infpeSor of Leinfter and Munfter, than they are enabled by law to incur for the second infpe&or-general of Ulfler; fo as that the whole ex* pences to be incurred for the infpeftor-general of Inland* and three provincial inspectors as aforesaid, shall not exceed in any one year the expences now allowed by law to be incurred for the two infpedors-general for Ulfler* and the two infpedors-general for Leinfler* Munfter* and Connaught5 and that all infpedtors-general, and provincial infpe&ors, to be appointed from t<me to time pursuant to this aft, shall be appointed in like manner, and under the like rules, regulations, and reftric-tions, as any infpe&or-general may now by law be appointed.

III.  And whereas it would tend to raise the credit* and extend the file of the linen manufacture of.Ireland, if a more speedy and fatis-faftory redress were given to the purebafers of Irilh linens* fir damages occasioned by bad bleaching* or fraudulent or negligent Uppers* or fed-mafters: and whereas Irifli linens sent to Great Britain may not be dijeovered or fufpeCted to be damaged* or fraudulently bleached\ or lapped* until after their arrival there* and fucb linens cannot be sent to Dublin to be examined without much loss and delay: and whereas no redress can be given under the ptefent laws* by the trustees of \the linen manufacture of Ireland, for such damages* nor can any pumjb-ment be inflicted by them on any fealmafter* or tapper* tn respect of the fame* ntuefi fucb linen shall he examined there; be it therefore Regulations cnafted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said preventing truftees, or any twelve or more of them, assembled at the linen bleaching.*  *n c*ly Dublin* to empower their agents in London*

•* by writing under their hands, to receive any complaints which shall be made there against any lapper, or fealmafter, in Ireland\ for fraudulent, unfound, damaged, or unmerchantable linens; and the said agent shall immediately transmit to the secretary of the said trustees a copy of each and every such complaint fo by him received, setting forth the number or pieces complained of* and an account of the marks and feais on each piece, and such secretary shall enter the fame in a book to be kept for that pur-pofe, and shall cause notice thereof to be forthwith served personally upon each lapper, or fealmafter, whose mark or name shall be stated in such complaint to be upon such piece or pieces of linen, either at the house in the city of Dublin* appointed by such fealmafter, or lapper, for the purpose of receiving notices of complaints, or, in failure of such appointment, upon the in-fpefior, in whose district the parish in which such fealmafter or lapper shall refide, or be deferibed in his appointment to refide, shall be fituate, to be by him posted up in some conspicuous place in such pari(h; and in every such notice a day, not sooner than twenty days nor later than forty days from the day of such

notice

A

x8o4*] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 69.  305

notice being ferved, shall be fpecified, whereon the complaint therein fet forth shall be heard before the agent of the (aid trustees in the city of London.

IV.  And be it further enadled, That proof of the service of Agent to fum-every such notice, verified upon oath, setting forth a copy thereof, ^°°tTto*«-deferibing the nature of such fervice, shall be sent without delay amiae linen, by the said secretary to the said agent, who shall forthwith defire

the attendance of such number of merchants, drapers, bleachers, or other perfons, (killed in the linen manufacture, as he shall think proper, such number not being more than five nor less than three of the city of London, on the day fo appointed in such notice for the hearing of the complaint, and to examine each piece of linen complained of, and give their opinion upon oath (which oath any of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county, city, or place where such examination shall take place, is hereby empowered to adminifter) as to the state and quality of such linen, and whether the fealmafter, or lapper, has acted improperly, negligently, or fraudulently, in damping or sealing such linen; and the opinion of such persons fo fworn, or the majority of them, delivered in writing, and signed by the persons giving such opinion, shall be transmitted by such agent to the laid truftees, and shall be and be deemed and taken to be con-clufive evidence to the said truftees, of the (late and quality of the linen fo complained of, and of the conduct of the lapper, or fealmafter, in.refpcdt thereof, except hi cafes of appeal made in manner herein-after mentioned; and the said trustees shall thereupon proceed to determine the said complaint according to such opinion,, by dismissing the fame, or fining the fealmafter, or Upper, in such Turn or Turns not exceeding the sum or Turns allowed by law, as they the said trustees shall think proper for his puniftiment, and for or towards recompensing the party injured.

V.  Provided always, That such persons fo called upon to give Perfonscalled their opinion as aforesaid, may, if thereunto required by the said uP°n to give agent, declare likewise upon oath (which oath any one of

Majeftj's justices of the peace as aforesaid is hereby empowered jelled, to adminifter) their opinion of the amount of the damages fuf-tained by or occasioned to the complainant, by means of the bad state of the linen, or the misconduct of the fealmafter or lapper; and that it shall and may be lawful for either of the parties complained of or complaining, to ohjeCt to any person called upon to give his opinion, and if it shall appear to such agent upon oath (which oath any fucU justice of the peace as aforesaid is hereby empowered to adminifter) that such person is particularly interested for either party, or concerned in the linens complained of, be shall be fet afide, and another called on in his room.

VI.  Provided always, That no complaint as aforesaid shall be Complaints received or proceeded upon under this a61, on account of any n(^j linens damaged by mildew (not being inside mildew) unlefs^months, such complaint shall be made within fix calendar months after

Vol. XLV.  X  such

306 Anno regni quadrageficno quarto Georgii III. 0.69. [1804.

fuch linen shall have arrived at the place of landing in Great Britain.

^C'eved a*"  VII. And be it further ena<9ed, That if any person fo cora-

^pead. may pla*ned of under the provisions of this a£t, shall think himself or herself aggrieved by the opinion fo given of the ft ate and quality of the linen, and the conduct of the fealmafter, or lapper, in respect thereof, it shall be lawful for such person to lodge an appeal against such opinion with the secretary of the said truf-tees, upon his or her hr ft giving fecurity, to the said trustees in double the amount of all fines or penalties, to which such person may be liable in refpeCi thereof, for payment of the fame, together with all damages and expences which shall attend the removal of the linen, fo complained of and examined, to Dublin^ and the loss by delay, or otherwife, which shall appear to accrue to the complainant, in cafe such opinion fo appealed from (ball be confirmed ; and the said trustees shall forthwith proceed to hear the said complaint in the fame manner as if it had been originally made to them, at any time not sooner than twenty days after the receiving such appeal, due notice being first given to the complainant of the time fo appointed, and on such bearing, the opinion fo appealed from shall be laid by the said trustees before such persons as shall be sworn to examine into the said complaint; and all opinions given under the authority of this ad shall be regularly filed and preserved by the said truftees, and be open to the inspection of every person and persons desirous of feeing the fame*

VIII. rfrul whereas by an ady paffid in that fart of the United Kingdom called Ireland, in the third year of his pre/ent Majtjif j 3Geo.3. c.34. reigny intituled, An act for the better regulation of the linen i and hempen manufactures, it is enade'd, that every person leepini or occupying d bleach-yard/kail mark or Jiampy or cause to be marled ! or /lamped, in legible letters with lamp-black, or Vermillion, or Jim j blue and fixe* his or her christian name and surname and place ef abode, with the addition of the word Bleacher, on each end of ever] piece of cloth by him or her bleached or whitened, before be or /be fall fell or expose the fame to Jale, or deliver it to the owner thereof Bleachers to  furiher  enaded,  That  it  shall and may be lawful for the

thei?name? ^ tru^ccsJ or any twelve or more of them, afferabled at the See, the word Linen-Hall in the city of Dublin, to require and order, if they * Muriatic ' shall think fit (by writing under their hands) every bleacher to where nurrr- mark or ft am pin like manner, close after or under his name bj used than gn(j pjacc aj)0(je> or tjje word bleacher, the word Muriatic, on each end of every piece of cloth, in the bleaching or whitening of which muriatic acid, or muriate of lime, shall have been used : provided always, that notice of a meeting of the trustees for taking into conftderation the making of such order, shall be publi(hed regularly, during the course of one month previous to their meeting, in some one of the Dublin Dc*f-papers.

Penalty on IX. And be it further enabled. That if any bleacher (hall, ** after the tijne prefer]bed in fu^U requisition or ordcr'for marking

A

1804.] Annoregniquadragefimoquarto GeorciiIII. c. 70/71. 307

or /lamping the said word Muriatic> omit or neeleft to comply therewith, he or (he shall forfeit the sum of nve pounds for every piece of linen, in the bleaching whereof he or (he shall have used muriatic aid, or muriate of lime, and shall not have marked or stamped the word Muriatic, as hereby enadled. .

X. And be it further enacted. That all fines and penalties ^^rcco-01* by this ad impofed, may be railed. levied, and recovered in tercd, liks manner as any fine or penalty or the like amount is, by any law or statute in force and effect respecting the linen maiiu*

Mure, directed to be railed, levied and recovered.

CAP. LXX.

An act to enable his Majesty to authorise the exportation of the machinery necessary for ertding a mint in the dominions of the King of Denmark.—[July 10, 1804.]

CAP. LXXL

An aft 10 prevent the counterfeiting offilver coin issued by thi governor and company of the bank 4/England, called Dollars, and fiher coin which may he issued by the governor and company of the hank of Ireland called Tokens; and to prevent the bringing into the United Kingdom, or uttering, any counterfeit dollars or tokens.—[July 10, 1804.]

WHEREAS the governor and company of the bank England* have* for the convenience of the public lately caused to bo ained or fiamped^ and circulated, a large quantity of silver dollarr, mtaining on the obverse fide thereof an imprejfton of bis Majefiys W, and the following words and Utters, videlicet. u Georgius ///..

Dei Gratia Rex ” and on the reverse fide thereof the imprejfton of Britannia, and the following words and figures, videlicet, 44 Five Shillings Dollar Bank of England 1804: 99 and whereas the governor end company of the bank of Ireland are preparing and intend to ijfue for the convenience of the publicin that part of the United Kingdom collect Ireland, a quantity of fiver coin denominated Tokens, containing on the obverse fide thereof the fame imprefjion^ words y and letters as the said dollars, and on the reverse fide thereof the im-prejfm of Hibernia, and the following words and figures, 44 Bank of Ireland Token 1804 Six Shillings:99 and whereas for the security of the publick it is expedient to prevent the counterfeiting of the said re-Jpellive coins5 be it therefore enacted by the King's mod excellent majefty, by. and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That ifP^onscoun* any person or persons (hall, from and after the passing of this fa^or?okena ad, make, coin, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be made,gUjity 0f fe-coined, or counterfeited, or willingly aft or assist in the making, lony, and may coining, or Counterfeiting, any coin resembling or made with he tranfported, intent to resemble or look like the said dollars, lo as aforesaid issued by the (aid governor and company of the bank of England^ at the (aid tokens fo as aforesaid intended to be coined or

x a  ftamped

308 Anno regnl'quadragefimo quarto Geo&gii III. c. 7f. (18041

ftamped and issued by the said governor and company of the bank of Ireland, or to pass as such, every person fo offending and being thereof convicted by due course of law shall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of felony, and shall be tranf-ported for any term of years not exceeding seven years, ftrfons bring-1 H. And jt furthef enafted. That if any person or persons jfingdon* * rtiall, from and after the-pafling of this adl, bring into the said counterfeit United Kingdom any such false or counterfeit dollar or dollars, dollars or to- token or tokens, as aforesaid, resembling or made with intent to kens guilty of resemble or look like the dollars fo as aforesaid coined or may'be^tranf- ^amPec^ and circulated by the said governor and company of ported for  the bank of England, or the said tokens fo as aforesaid intended

(even years  to be coined of (lamped and issued by the said governor and

company of the bank of Ireland, or to pass as such dollars or tokens refpe&ively, knowing the fame to be false or counterfeited, to the intent to utter the fame within the said United Kingdom, or within any dominions of the fame, every person fo offending, and being thereof conyi&ed by due course of lav, shall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of felony, and shall be transported for any term of years not exceeding seven years. Perfons utter- Hf. And be jt further cnadled, That if any person or per-

co^inLrfdt S ^ons fr°m an<* a^ter l^c Pa®nS °f this a<^> utter or tender dollars or  ln payment, or give in exchange, or pay or put off to any per-

tokens to he  fon or persons any such false or counterfeit dollar or dollars,

/ punitlied in token or tokens, as aforesaid, resembling or made with intent to

ttentioned^111 ^em^e or l°!Ph like dollars as aforesaid coined or stamped and circulated by the said governor and company of the bank of England, or the said tokens fo as aforesaid intended to be coined or stamped and issued by the said governor and company of the bank of Irelandy or to pass as such dollars or tokens refpetfively, knowing the fame to be false or counterfeited, every person fo offending, and being thereof convitfed „ ‘ by due course of law, shall suffer fix months imprifonment, and find sureties for his or her good behaviour for fix months more,

‘ to be computed from the end of the said first fix months; and .if the fame person shall afterwards be convicted a second time for the like offence of uttering or tendering in payment, or giving in exchange, or paying or putting off any such false or v Counterfeit dollar or dollars, token or tokens as aforesaid, knowing the fame to be false or counterfeit, such person shall for such second offence suffer two years imprifonment, and find sureties for his or her good behaviour for two years more, to be computed from the end of the said first two years; and if . *" '  the fame persons shall afterwards offend a third time in utter-

ing or tendering in payment, or giving in exchange, or paying or putting off any such false or counterfeited dollar or dollars, token or tokens as aforesaid, knowing the fame to be false or counterfeited, and shall by due course of law be convicted of such third offence, he ot (he shall be adjudged to be guilty of felony, and shall be transported for the term of fourteen years.

IV.  And

1804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 71. 309

IV.  And be it further enabled, That if any person or persons I f persons con-

(hall be convicted of uttering or tendering in payment any  bc

fuch false or counterfeit dollar or dollars, token or tokens, as uttcHng in aforesaid, and shall afterwards be guilty of the like offence in another

any other county, city, diftrid, or place, the clerk of the assize or county, the clerk of the peace for the county, city, diftrid, or place where  a

fuch former conviction shall have been had, (hall, at the request certificate of of the profecutor, or any other on hi« Majesty's behalf, certify the their fiift con-fame by a tranfeript in few words, containing the effect and victlon. tenor of such convidion, for which certificate two shillings and fixpence, and no more, shall be paid ; and such certificate being produced in court shall be sufficient proof of such former conviction.

V.  And be it further enaded, That if any person or per-Penalty on fons shall have in his, her, or their cuftody, without lawful persons having excuse (the proof whereof shall lie upon the party accufcd), tain'mmil^cr any greater number than five of such false or counterfeit dollars of count* ifeit or tokens as aforesaid, or rcfcmbling or made with intent to dollars or resemble or lock like the said dollars fo as aforesaid coined or tokl;n8. hi their * (lamped and circulated by the f id governor and company of cfllou*

the bank of England, or the said tokens fo intended to be coined or (lamped and circulated by the said governor and company of the bank of Ireland, or to pals as such, every such perfon, .being thereof convicted upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnelTes, before one of his Majesty's justices of the pence, shall forfeit and lose all such falie and countcifeit dollars and tokens, which shall be cut in pieces and deilroyed by order of such justice ; and every offender fo convicted as aforesaid shall for every such offence forfeit and pay any sum of money not exceeding five pounds, nor less than forty (hillings, for every such false or counterfeit dollar or token refpeilively which shall be found in the custody of such perfon, one moiety to the informer or informers, and the other moiety to the poor of the parish where such offence shall be committed; and in cafe any such penalty shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such justice to commit the person who shall be adjudged to pay the fame to the common gaol or house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for the space of three calendar months, of until such penalty shall be paid.

VI.  And be it further enaded, That it shall and may be Sufjx&ed lawful to and for any one justice of the peace, on complaint {£r![on® made before him upon (he oath of one credible witnefs, that hcndeU.C" there is just cause to suspect that any one or more person or

perfons is or are or hath or have been concerned in making or counterfeiting any such false or counterfeit dollars, token or tokens, as aforesaid, lefembling or made with an intent to re-? fcmble or look like the dollars fo as aforesaid coined or (lamped and circulated by the said governor and company of the bank of England, or the token fo as aforesaid intended to be coined or (lamped and circulated by the said governor and company of the bank of Ireland, or to pass as such, by warrant under the hand of such juftice, to cause the dweliing-houfe, room, work* ,

$IQ

Proceedings not to be quaftied for want of form, fee.

Limitation of j&iona.

Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georg!! III. c. 71. [1804.

(hop, outhoufe, or other building, yard, garden, or other place belonging to such suspected person or perfons, or where anf such person or persons shall be fufpefled to carry on any such making or counterfeiting, or to secrete any such dollars or tokens relpe&ively, or the tools or implements for coining or making such false or counterfeit dollars or tokens, or the materials for making or coining the fame, to be fearthed for the fame; and if any such false or counterfeit dollar or dollars, token or tokens, or any such tools or inftruments, or aoy such materials for making or coining any such false or counterfeit dollars or tokens shall be found in any place fo fearched, or if any such tools, implements, or materials shall be found in the custody or possession of any person or persons whomfoever, not having the fame by some lawful authority, it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons whatsoever difeovering the fame, to feize, and he and they are hereby authorised and required to seize such false or counterfeit dollar or dollars, token or tokens, tools, implements, and materials, and carry the fame forthwith to a justice of the peace of the county, city, diftridt, or place where the fame shall be feized, who shall - faufe the fame to be fecured, and produced in evidence against any person or persons who shall or may be prosecuted for any of the offences aforesaid, in some court of justice proper for the determination thereof; and after such time as any such false or counterfeit dollar or dollars, token or tokens, or any such tools, implements, or materials, shall have been produced in evidence as aforesaid, as well fo much and such parts thereof as shall have been fo produced, as every other part thereof fo seized and nqt made use of in evidence, shall forthwith, by order of the court where such offender or offenders shall be tried, or by order of some justice of the peace, in cafe there shall be no such trial, be defaced or deftroyed, or otherwise difpetfed of as such court or such justice shall diredt.

VII.  And be it further enabled. That no proceedings to be had, touching the conviction of any offender against this ad, before any justice of the peace, shall be qua(hed for want of form, or be removed by writ of certiorari, or any other writ or process whatfoever, into any of his Majesty's courts of record at Wejlminjier.

VIII.  And be it further enacted. That no aCtion or fuit shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance or under colour of this ad, until fourteen days notice thereof shall be first given in writing to the person or persons against whom the fame is intended to be brought or commenced ; nor shall any such action or fuit be brought or commenced after fufticient satisfaction or tender of amends (hatl be made or tendered to the party or parties aggrieved; and every such action or fuit shall be commenced Within three calendar months after the fa& committed, and not afterwards, and shall be brought in the county, city, or place where the cause of action shall arife* and not elfewhere; and the defendant or defendants in, such action or fuit fo to be

hmuriit

i8o4»] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 7*. $i1

brought may plead the genera) ifliie, and give this ad, and the General ilTue.

fpecial matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and

that the fame was done in pursuance and by the authority of this

ad; and if it shall appear to be fo done, or if any such action or

fuit shall be brought or commenced before f6uVreen days' notice

(hall be given thereof as aforesaid, or after sufficient fatisfadion

or amends was made or tendered as^aforefaid, or after the time

before limited for bringing the fame, or shall be brought in any

other county or place than as aforesaid, then and in every fucli

cafe the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants ; and if

upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defend

dants, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonfutr, or

or difeontinue his, her, or their action, or if upon demurrer

judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the

defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble cofts, and Treble colts.

have the like remedy for the fame as any defendant or <)cfendants

bath or havd for costs of fuit in other cafes by law*

CAP. LXXII.

An act for allowing the sale of certain Eaft-India prize-goods in the port 0/* Liverpool.—[July xo, 1804.]

WHEREAS by an aft, pajjedin the lajl feffton of parliament, intituled, An aCl for the relief of the captors at prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain prize-goods in Great Britain during hoftilities, 4t is amongst other things enaftedy that oil goods of the growth, production^ or manufacture of China or the East Indies, taken and condemned as prize, shall be ^ublickly exposed U sale in the city of London: and whereas five Eaft-Indla fiAps hinging to the enemy, laden principally with coffee, fugary cocoay and cMon, have been brought into the port of Liverpool and been con* (fanned as lawful prize, and it will be greatly disadvantageous to the forties, if the sale thereof cannot be made in the port of Liverpool: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enabled: and be it enafled by the King's most excellent majefty, by and with (he advice and consent of the lords spiritual ana temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all fugar, coffee, cocoa, and cotton, being of the growth, production, or manufacture of the East IndieSy and brought into the port of Liverpool in any of the five following (hips, namely, V Aimable LucelUy La Ville it Lyons, La feme Jmelie% Die Vrow EJlhery Vrow Anna Cat ha-rlna, and condemned as lawful prize, may be exposed to sale in the port or town of Liverpool, by the captors or their agents, notice of such sale being first given to the proper officers of the customs or excise refpcClively concerned therein; which fugar, coffee, cocoa, and cotton, shall be fold on such conditions, and lhall be subject to such duties, reftriCtions, rules, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, as the fame would be liable to if removed to London, according to the provisions and directions in the said act contained, any thing in the (aid a& to the contrary

notwitft-

43 Geo. j.

Sugar, See* of the production of the East Indies, brought in the ihips herein mentioned, condemned as lawful prize, may be ex-poled to sale in Liverpool, subject to the fame conditions as if the goods had been remov< *

31a Annoregiii quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 73, 74. [1804.

notwithftanding: provided always, that all such fugar, coffee, and cocoa fo fold, shall be exported, and shall not be ufcd or consumed in this kingdom.

CAP. LXXIII.

An a 6t to enable the lord a-comm iffi oners of his Msjefty's treafuty of Great Britain to issue exchequer* bills on the credit of such aids or supplies as have been or shall be granted by parliament for the service of Great Britain for the year one thousand eight hundred and four.— [July 10, 1804 ]

The treasury may issue exchequer* hi Us agreeably to those i(Tued under the malt adt of this fefiion, c. 16. to be payable out of the supplies for 1804, on 14 days' notice in the Gazette, &c. But treasury not roiiTue under this adt exchequer*bills on the credit of 44 Geo. 3. c. 16. And . , c. 17. or on any aids that may be granted next feflion. Exchequer*bills shall bear an mtereft not exceeding three-pence-halfpenny per cent per diem, &c. No exchequer-bill fo inued to be received in payment of tiie revenue, or at the exchequer until the fame become payable. Bank of England may lend 2,000,000/. on the credit of this adt.

CAP. LXXIV.

An act for establishing and maintaining a permanent additional fora to be raised in Ireland, for the defence of the realm, and to provide , for augmenting his Majejlfs regular forces.—[July 14, 1804.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that a permanent additional force, raised and to be raised in Ireland, should be ejiablijhcd ad maintained under regular officers, for the defence of the realmy and for augmenting and jupplying bis Majeftfs regular forces \ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the ICing's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the A permanent authority of the fame, That a permanent additional force often force to be  thou fend men shall beeftablifhed and maintained in Ireland, and

raifed. shall he ra^e^ and completed in the manner by this adt diredtedj Quotas underanc* *hat, fr0fn anc* a^ter *he completion of such permanent adt 43 Geo. 3. additional force in manner hereinafter diredted, #the quotas c. 85, to regu- directed to be raised in the several counties of Ireland, under latethequotas anc| by virtue of an adt, patted in the last fefiion of parliament, under t s act.  fa aft to enable bis Majesty more effectually to raifeand of

femble in Ireland an additional military force for the better defence and security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous profeiutisn of the wary shall be and remain the quotas for each of the several counties in Ireland, whereby to regulate the quotas or numbers to be from time to time raised by such counties respectively -  towards  the  maintaining and supplying such permanent additional

force of ten thousand men, in the manner directed by this atf. Men railed II. And be it further enacted, That all men raised under the aft, to b^alt rec'te<*  ^ fefiion of parliament shall be deemed

of the force anc* ta^en to he part of the additional force under this adt, and under this adt. shall be maintained, fupplied, and regulated, from and after the patting of this adt, according to the provisions thereof.

III. And

Jl

1804#] Anno regm quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 74* 313

HI. And he it further enatfed, That in the fevera! counties in which the full number of men required to be raised by the ?,cnc!5*JhaJi fuid recited a£, passed in the last session of parliament, shall not °C ral*C * Lave been raised pursuant to the provisions thereof, the number of men that shall appear to be deficient upon the returns to b? made under this adt by the clerks of general meetings, (hall, on or before the first day of September one thousand eight hundred ani four, be raised in manner directed by this atf, and to be applied uilder this a<ft towards the said permanent additional force; and when and fo soon as the actual number of men deficient in any such county shall have been afeertained under this adl, and certified pursuant to the provisions thereof, if such number shall exceed the number returned deficient by the clerk of the general meetings, then and in such cafe the remainder of -fuch deficiency (hall, on or before the said first day of September one thousand eight hundred and four, be raised in such county for such additional force, unless the full number of men specified as the number deficient shall have been raised and completed therein before the delivery of the certificate of the deficiencies and vacancies under this adh

IV. And be it further enadled, That the infpedtor-general ofRrturn5to^® the army of referve, or his deputy, in Ireland, (hall, as soon after i™fp/&orfhc the palling of this adt as may be, transmit to the clerks of the general of the general meetings for the several counties in Ireland, in which army of the whole number of men required by the said recited adt ofrek1^*0 the last session of parliament shall not have been raifed, or in which any deficiencies may remain therein, or in which any va- jngs# cancics may have arisen which have not been fupplied, an account in the form in the schedule to this a<5t annexed, marked (A.), specifying the numbers of men that have been received, and that have been difeharged, or have died or deferred before the latest period to which such account can he ihade up, and the number of effedlive men ferving, and the number that shall remain deficient of the whole quotas in such additional force in such refpedfive'counties ; and every such clerk of general meetings shall immediately give notice of the receipt of such account to the governor or governors, or, in their abfence, to any three deputy governors of the county to which he shall belong, who shall forthwith summon a special meeting of the governors and deputy governors of such county, to meet within any period not exceeding twenty-one days, nor less than fourteen days after the receipt of such account as aforesaid, and every such clerk to the general meetings shall also immediately give notice in writing, of the place and day and hour appointed for such meeting, to the said infpedtor-general or his deputy; and on the request of First general the infpedtor-general or his deputy, signified to the clerk-of the roeetmgnnder general meetings, such day may be altered by publick notice from a^m the governor or governors, or three deputy governors, to be in-ferted in some paper printed within the county, or where no paper is fo printed, then in some paper printed in the city of Dublin, to anydaynot exceeding fourteen days from the first day fo appointed,

nor

3*4

Infpe&or-gcneral may appoint a f-mntf who ihall attend meetings of deputy governors.

Annoregni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 74. [1804,

nor less than seven days from such notice; and the clerk of th< general meetings ihall thereupon forthwith give notice of fud alteration.

V.  And be it further enaded, That it shall be lawful forth said infpe&or-general or his deputy, with the approbation of thi lord-lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Irelaa for the time being, to appoint in writing one or more prope persons to attend at each of such special meetings, who ihal assist the governors and deputy governors at such meeting during the examination of such accounts, and of all other paper relating thereto, or to the railing of any such additional force or any deficiencies therein, and in the comparing the fame wid the returns to be made by the clerks of the general meeting! under this ad, and for the purpose of giving any such infor-.mation on the behalf of theinfpcdor-general as may be neceffary; and the infpedor-general aforesaid, or his deputy, {hall, as foot as may be after the pafling of this aft, transmit to the refpeftivt clerks of the general meetings the names of the persons fc appointed by him for the purpose aforesaid, and of their places ol rchdence.

VI.  And be it further enaded, That the clerks of the several fubdivifion-meetings in such counties {hall, immediately after the pafling of this ad, make out, for the use of the clerks of the general meetings of their refpedivc counties, an account in die| form in the schedule to this ad annexed, marked (B.), of the number of men who have been ballotted or fet down to serve in such additional force as aforesaid, for their relpedive fubdivifions, since the last returns made by the deputy-governors acting in and for such fubdivilion, or by the said clerk of the fubdivifiooj meetings, to such clerks of the general meetings refpedively, if any such returns shall have been made; and if no stich returns Ihall have been made, then since the pafling of the said recited ad of the last session of parliament, specifying in such returns the names of the men fo ballotted or fet down to serve as afore-

j  faid, and the baronies or half baronies within which, and the

parifhes or places for which they have been ballotted or fet down, and which of such men are actually serving or have provided substitutes to serve in such additional force, and which of them have paid the penalties by the said recited ad impofed, for _ not serving or finding a substitute to serve therein; and if any such clerk of any fubdivilion meetings shall omit or negle# to make such return as aforesaid for the space of twenty days afer the pafling of this ad, or shall knowingly or wilfully make any false return, such clerk shall forfeit and pay for every such offence the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered and applied as any such penalty may be recovered under any ad relating to the militia.of Ireland, or under this ad.

Returns to be VII. And be it further enaded. That the clerks of the by »cncrai meetings ih such counties respectively shall make out, geoeraTmeet- *or  °f ^uch meetings of the governor or governors, and

Saga, of men deputy-governors, returns in the form in the schedule to this aft

annexed,

Returns to be made by clerks of Ibbdivi lions of men ballotted or fet down under recited ad.

1804J Anno regni quadragcfimo quarto Ghoech IIL c. 74.  375

annexed, marked (C.), and shall Tpecify in filch -returns the enrolled, and

number and names of the men who have been raised and enrolled °fdeficten»

in or for their respective counties, and also the baronies or half c

baronies within which, and the divifions, parifiies, and places9

for which such men shall have been fo raised or fet down and

enrolled, and the number deficient in each of such baronies or

half baronies, divifions,' parilhes, or places, as far as the fame

can be afcertained, and shall also specify the number and names

of the men difcharged^together with the number and names of

all men certified or known to have deserted or died since their

enrolment; and shall refpedHvely transmit such returns to the

perfons fo appointed in the respective counties aod places as

aforefaid, by the said infpedor-general, or his deputy, five days

it ieaft Wore the days refpeflively appointed for the first general

meetings of the governor or governors and deputy-governors as

aforefaid, and shall at the fame time transmit duplicates of such

returns to the* infpeflor-general aforesaid, or his deputy, and

(hall also produce at such general meetings as aforesaid corre&

duplicates of such returns, together with any other papers,

touchers, and documents, relating to such additional force as

aforefaid, as may be requisite to facilitate the investigation and

comparison of such accounts and returns; and if any such clerk Penalty o

(hall omit or neglect to make or transmit any such return or clerks for

duplicate, or to produce any duplicate as aforesaid, or shall nc&le&» or

knowingly or wilfully make any false return, such clerk (hall

forfeit and pay for every such offence the sum of twenty pounds,

to be recovered as any like penalty may be recovered under any

aft relating to the militia of Ireland, or under this a£h

VIII.  And be it further enabled, That it shall be lawful for Infuedor's

any person or-pmTons fo appointed by such infpe&or-general or  ®*T

hit deputy as aforesaid, and every such person and persons is and 2wums &c» are hereby authorifeef, at any time after the passing of this ad,  *

during the period of his or their being employed in the execution

of this ad, at all seasonable times, to infped, examine, and take copies of any returns, papers, books, vouchers, or documents, relating to the levying or completing the said additional force, that may be in the custody or possession of the clerk of the general meetings of the county for which he or they shall have been appointed for the purpose aforesaid,

IX.  And be it further eqa&ed. That the governor or go- Proceedings vernors and deputy-governors of such respective counties shall »tfiHlfpeaal alfcmble at such special meetings as aforesaid, and adjourn such

meetings if ncceuary, fo as that every such adjourned meeting returning shall be held within (even days after the meeting immediately statements of preceding; and shall carefully examine and compare the accounts of the infpe&or-general pr his deputy fo tranfoiitted as afore- dencics, faid, and the returns which shall be produced and laid before them by thf clerks of the general meetings, and all other papers, documents, and vouchers, that may be produced at such meetings by any person or persons fo appointed by the infpe&or-general of his deputy as aforesaid, together with all such returns,

vouchers.

£16 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 74. (1S04

vouchers, papers, and documents, as may be in the hands of th clerks of the general meetings relating to such additional force and to the deficiencies that may exist therein; and (hall, afte such examination and comparison as aforesaid, cause to be m2d out a statement and certificate in the form in the schedule t this aft annexed, marked (D.), fpeciTying the numbers of me that shall have been raised and enrolled in their refpectiv counties, and in the respective baronies or half baronies, Tub divisions and parishes, and the number^ of men fo raised tha shall have been difeharged, and the numbers that have died 0 have deferted, and the numbers that shall have entitled fo general fervice; and the governor or governors, and depur governors, present 'at such meetings, shall sign two of such Gate mentis and certificates, and cause one thereof to be forthwitl transmitted to the said infpeftor-general or his deputy, and tin other thereof to be transmitted to the clerk of the genera meetings of such respective counties.

Such ftate- X. And be it further ena£ed, That it shall be lawful for 2111 meets may be governor of any county in Ireland, who shall receive direction! re-examine . £or pUrp0fe from his Majesty, or the lord-lieutenant <x other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time beinj, to be communicated by the chief secretary of such lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors, to cause another fpecia meeting of the governor or governors and deputy-governors tq be summoned to meet within fourteen days, to re-examine any such statement or certificate; and the governor or governors and deputy-governors at such meeting, together with any perfonor per Tons fo appointed by the infpeftor- general or his deputy as aforesaid, shall meet and re-examine such statement and certificate, and examine any further information that may be kid) before them in relation thereto, and confirm or alter the fame as they shall fee fit; and such governor or governors and deputy-governors shall sign two of the statements and certificates ib confirmed or altered, and cause one thereof to be forthwith transmitted to the said infpeftor-general or his deputy, and the j other thereof to be transmitted to the clerk of the general meei-ings as aforefaid; and every such clerk of the general meetings after such re-examination, or if no directions respecting such first statement shall have been communicated to such governor •  or governors refpeftively, through the said chief fecretary, within

Commanding officers (hall

certify all palling of this aft, every vacancy that shall arise in any reg'r ments> battalions, or corps, of such additional force, by reason tapMn to ^le cn^ng °f any persons serving therein intohis Majesty's the mfpettor- regular forces, or by death or defertion, or in consequence of general/who any men being reclaimed as deserters from his Majesty's other ffiall annually forces, or from the marines or militia, or by such men being numbertoC c^a‘mc(^ as apprentices, or becoming unfit for fervice, and being the chief discharged accordingly, shall be from time tQ time certified by fecretary.  the

fourteen days then after the expiration of such fourteen days, i shall sign the fame.

XI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the

1804.] Anno regni qaadragefimo quarto Geor«ii III. e. 74.

the commanding officer thereof to the infpeftor-general afore-hid, or his deputy; and the said infpeftor-general or his deputy (ball, on or before the first day of Oftober one thousand eight hundred and four, as to all such vacancies as shall have arisen and been certified to him between the period to which such first account shall have been made up by him in manner hereinbefore mentioned, and the first day of September one thousand eight hundred and four, and afterwards annually, on or before the first day of Oftober in each year, transmit to the chief fecre-tary of the lordrlieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, to be laid before the privy council of Ireland, the total number of (uch vacancies aforesaid that ffiall have an fen and been certified to him in the year ending on the first day of September preceding.

XII.  And be it further enacted. That, on or before the first When prefent

day of November one thousand eight hundred and four, there  tod

Hull be raised in the several counties in Ireland fo many men as how vacaudci shall be requiiite for fully supplying the vacancies that mall have shall be

arifen in such additional force, on or before the said first day of annually September one thousand eight hundred and four, by reason of the^PP^*”* entitling of any persons serving therein into his Majesty's regular forces, not exceeding four thousand men, and also fo many men as shall be requisite to supply such vacancies as shall have arisen on or before the said first day of September one thousand eight hundred and four, by death, defertion, or other casualty before mentioned j and that after the expiration of the year ending on the first day of Oftober one thousand eight hundred and five, there (hall, as soon after as the fame can be done, be raised for the year beginning on the first day of Oftober one thousand eight hundred and five, and ending on the first dAy of Oftober one thousand eight hundred and fix, for such additional force, a number of men equal to the full number that shall have enlisted in his Majesty's regular forces in the preceding year, and also a number of men equal to the total amount of such vacancies as shall have arisen in the said preceding year, by death, defertion, or other cafullty before mentioned; and that in each and every succeeding year a number of men, equal to the number that lhall have enlisted into his Majesty's regular forces in the then preceding year, and also a number of men equal to the total amount of such vacancies as (ball have arisen in the said preceding year by death, defertion, or other casualty before mentioned, ihall in like manner be raised for such additional force: provided always, that no greater number than four thousand men shall be required to be raised for any one year towards the supplying * such vacancies as lhall have arisen by the enlisting of men from such additional force into his Majesty's regular forces in any preceding year.

XIII.  And be it further ena&ed. That the lord-lieutenant or Mode of ap-other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, portioning and the privy council of Ireland, (hall, on or before the tent^ ^coum^ei^ day of Oftober one thousand eight hundred and four, c*ufe the baronies, &L

number

3Annoregni quadfagefimo quarto Geo&gii III. c* 74. [1804

number of men which shall be requisite to be raised for the supplying the vacancies in such additional force that shall have arisen on or before the said first day of September one thoufaad eight hundred and four, by reason of such enliftment, death, defertion, or other casualty before mentioned, and also shall from time to time, within ten days after the first day of Ottebn in each succeeding year, cause the number of men required to lx raised in each succeeding year for the supplying the vacanciei arising from such enliftment, death, defertion, or other cafualtj before mentioned, which shall have arisen in the course of the preceding year in the several counties in Ireland, to be apportioned among such counties according to the respective original quotas of men required td be j-aifed in such respective counties, under the said recited aft of the last feffion; and (hall, asfoon after such apportionment shall have been made as the fame can be done, cause the numbers fixed and fettled by such apportionment to be transmitted to the respective governor or governors of the several counties in Ireland, and shall also cause notice thereof to be given in the Dublin Gazette \ and such governor or governors shall immediately summon general and subdivision meetings of the governor or governors, and deputy-governors in their respective counties; and the governor or governors and deputy-governors at such meetings shall divide and apportion the numbers fo fixed and fettled among the baronies and half baronies, or fubdivifions, in their respective counties, or if they, shall fee fir, among the respective parishes and places within the subdivisions in their respective counties, as they {ball think modi expedient for the purposes of this aft, or in such manner as they are empowered to do under any aft or afts relating to the militia of Ireland\ in order that such men may, as speedily as poffible, be raised for the additional force under the provifiow of this aft.

XIV.  Provided always, and be it enafted. That it shall and may be lawful for the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor cr governors of Ireland for the time being, and the privy council of Ireland^ from time to time to afeertain, fix, and declare the number of men which the county of Limerick, and the county of the city of Limerick shall respectively furni(h towards the number of men required to be raised under this aft, in proportion to the number of four hundred and ninety, required by the /aid recited aft of the last session of parliament to be raised by the, said county of Limerick and the county of the city of Uner'ul and that such number shall be fo afeertained, fixed, and declare by an order of council, to be made and transmitted to til governor or governors of the said county of Limerick for thi time being, and to the mayor of the said city of Limerick refpert tively, within ten days after the pafiing of this aft. topeat of pc-  XV. And be it further enacted. That fo much of the liiJ

Sec^tS ft Cr rccilc^ °f last session of parliament* as relates to th$ rafting ' assessing or levying of any fines or penalties on any counties of mw de&cm. pannes, in respect of any men that fluli not have been proridedj

according!

Proportions upon Limerick county and city may be fettled by order of council.

iSo4«] Anno regpiquadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 74.  319

according to the provisions of the fai.d recited ad, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed as to all deficiencies existing at the expiration of ten days after the palling of this ad, and also as to all vacancies that may hereafter arise in such additional force.

XVI.  And be it further enaded, That, from and after the Rates not to expiration of ten days after the palling of this ad, it lhall not be

lawful for any churchwarden of any parilh, or any other person ^vo&ntcer? or perfons, to make, raife, or levy any rate or rates, or any Tub-* feription or fubferiptions, or sum or films of money, or to give, advance, or promise any sum or Turns of money for the purpose of inducing any nerfon to enlist as a volunteer in any such additional force as aforesaid, except in manner by this act provided; and every churchwarden and other person who fitall in any^®*^*** manner pay, or give or advance to any person any sum or sums of money, or any bounty, gift, or reward, or promile any sum bounty, or Turns of money, or any bounty, gift, or reward, other than such bounty as lhall be allowed and paid by or under his Ma^-jefty's regulations in that behalf, or as may be advanced in manner by this ad provided, shall forfeit and pay for every such offence the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered, levied, and applied as any like penalty may be recovered, levied, and applied, under any ad or ads relating to the militia of Inland.

XVII.  And be it further enaded, That it lhall be lawful for Appointment his Majesty, or the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or °f place# of governors of Ireland for the time being, to appoint a convenient^ of regu-place or places of rendezvous in every county in Ireland, for the Uting officers, men to be raised for such additional force, and to appoint at

every such place of rendezvous an officer especially authorised by his Majesty, or such lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, or the commander of his Majesty's forces in Ireland for the time being, tp approve or discharge the men produced and provided under this ad, according and subject to such regulations as his Majesty, or such lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, shall from time to time eftablilh for that purpole, and such officers may approve of or discharge any such men accordingly; and every officer difeharging any such man shall forthwith certify the fame, together with the cause of such difeharge, to the clerk of the fubdivifion-meetings of the fubdi-vifion for which such man shall have been produced, and also to the infpedor-general aforesaid, or his deputy.

XVIII.  And be it further enaded, That a bounty equal to Amount and

three-fourth parts of the bounty that lhall be from time to time £^2^°° • allowed by his Majesty, or the lord-lieutenant or other ohief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, for re-  9

cruitlng the infantry for general fervice, lhall be allowed and

paid in respect of every man who shall be provided or raised to ierve in such additional force under this ad: provided always, that such bounty, when paid under this ad, shall be in lieu of all allowances and payments of money to which any such man might be or claim to be entitled under any of the provisions of

the;

Commanding officer may difcharge

Penalty for deficiencies on baronies* which the commanding officer may supply by recruiting.

How the order of baronies in re-

the said recited aft; any thing in the said recited aft contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIX.  And be it further enacted, That whenever any man serving in such additional force as aforesaid {hall become until for service in the judgement of the commanding officer of the battalion or corps to which he shall belong, it shall be lawful for such commanding officer to discharge such man, under such restrictions as by any regulations of his Majelty, or the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Inland for the time being, are or may be provided in that behalf, as to his Majesty's regular forces, or to the additional force under thij aft; and every such discharge fhpll be valid and effeftua), to all intents and purposes.

XX.  And be it further enacted, That in every cafe in which the number of men required to supply the deficiencies in (he full number of ten thousand men directed to be raised by the faii recited aft of the last feffion, and to be completed by this act, or the number of men required to be raised in any barony, h:'i barony, fubdivifion, parith, or place under this aft, shall not be found or provided within the respective periods herein-before refpeftivcly mentioned and direfted, or shall not be approved in fucb manner, and according to such regulations, as his Majellv, or the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being shall direft in that behalf, such barom, half barony,7 fubdivifion, parifh, or place, shall become fubjectu the payment of the sum of twenty pounds, by way of fine, for every man deficient, to be levied in manner by this aft direfted; and the clerks of the fubdivifion-meetings for the subdivisions h which stich deficiency shall arise refpeftively, {hall, and they ire hereby respectively required fGrthwith to certify the said den-ciency to the several clerks of the general meetings for the county in which such subdivision shall be respectively fituate, fpecifjin: in such certificate the number deficient in each barony or hf: barony, and parish or place within such fubdivifion, and such clerks of the general meetings fhall, and they are hereby required forthwith in like manner to certify all such deficiencies to the said infpeftor-gcneral or his deputy; and it shall be lawful for the commanding, officer of the regiment, battalion, or corps to which such men shall have been appointed, upon the receipt of any notice from the said infpeftor-general, or his deputy, of anv such deficiency not having been made good, or of any luc.i vacancy not having been filled up, to enlist from any place, where he shall find it most convenient, any recruit or recruits to make good any such deficiency, or to fill up such vacancy, and 'to pay to each such recruit fo enlisted any such sum by way of bounty, not exceeding the proportion herein-before direfted, as lhall be allowed by the regulations of his Majesty, or the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Inland (of the time being in that behalf.

XXL And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the governor or governors and deputy governors, assembled at

any

1804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 74,  321

any general meeting under any aft relating to the militia of cmiiing shall Inland^ or to such additional force, and they are hereby required, 'tertM-2t some general meeting in each year* to afeertain and fix by e 1 c* ballot the order in which the respective subdivisions and baronies and half-baronies, or parishes or places respectively in their respective counties shall ftand, as to the recruiting of any men by any commanding officer under the provisions of this aft, for the purpose of fuppiying any deficiencies or vacancies that may exist or arise in such additional force, and (hall, immediately after the fame shall have been fo afeertained and fixed, cause a lift of such subdivisions and baronies and half-baronies, or panflies or places respectively entered in such order, and in the form in the schedule to this aft annexed marked (£.) to be transmitted to the infpeftor-general aforesaid or his deputy, and to the agent-general for the army of referve; and all recruits which shall be raised by any such commanding officer shall be appropriated and fet down to the several subdivisions and baronies and half-baronies, or parishes or places refpeftively, in the order in which such subdivisions and baronies and halfbaronies, or parilhcs qr places, shall have been entered in such lift as aforefaid; and the infpeftor-general aforesaid, or his deputy; or general agent aforesaid, (hall, as soon as the fame can be done, give notice thereof to the high constable or chief constable of the barony or half-barony, or to the churchwarden of the parish or place, to the account of which such recruit shall have been fet down, and shall specify the name, refidence, occupation, and defeription of such recruit.

XXII. And be it further enabled, That it shall be lawful for Empowering anyperfon or perfons, whether high or petty or fub-confiable, churchwarden, or others specially appointed for the purpose, and fopa'fpecially in such manner as shall be directed by the governor or governors appointed, to and deputy-governors of the county, at the first special meeting provide men. to be held under this a ft, as herein-before direfted, at any time, before the said first day of September one thousand eight hundred and four, as to all such men as are by this aft required to be railed in respect of any deficiencies under the said recited aft of the last session of parliament; and at any time, before the said first day of November one thousand eight hundred and four, as to all such men as are by this aft required to be raised in respect of vacancies in such additional force by eoliftment, death, defer-tion, or other cafualty, arising before the first day of September one thousand eight hundred and four; and also within one month after any apportionment shall have from time to time been made for the baronies, half-baronies, and fubdivifions, in the respective counties, or for the parishes or places therein, as the cafe may be, in respect of such four thousand men as aforesaid, or of such number of men as shall be required to supply the place of any men that shall have been enlisted into his Majesty's regular forces, or any vacancies that shall have arisen in such additional force; and also at any time after any such respective periods as aforesaid, before any recruit shall have been provided Vet. XLV.  Y  by

3*2, Annoregni qoadragefimo quarto Georgii ITI.c. 74. [1804.

by any commanding officer under the provisions of this aft, to supply any such deficiency or vacancy; and such perfonfo specially appointed is hereby authorised to provide any man, and to produce such man to the officer empowered to approve recruits in manner aforesaid to serve in such additional force; and every such person producing any man for such additional force shall be entitled to receive such proportion of the whole bounty to be allowed in respect of each man, as his Majesty, or the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ire* land for the time being (hall, from time to time, by any regulations made in that behalf, direct.

Such persons XXIII. And be it further enabled, That it shall and may be may advance lawful for such person fo appointed as aforvfaid, for providing

bounty to men, &c.

recruits, to pay in advance to any recruits fo provided by him, any part of the bounty payable to recruits under or by virtue cf this aft, not exceeding one fourth part of the bounty which such recruit would be entitled to receive in money at the place of rendezvous ; and that such person (hall, together with such recruit, deliver to the officer appointed to approve such recruit, a receipt for the money fo advanced, signed by such recruit; and such officer, if he shall approve of such recruit, shall immediately in the presence of such recruit, pay to such person fo appointed and providing such recruit, the whole of the bounty allowed for such recruit, out of which such person is hereby authorised and empowered, and required and dircfteii, to deduct and retain the amount of money specified in such receipt, and after such deduction he shall immediately, in the presence of such officer, pay the remainder of such bounty to such recruit; and if any such person shall neglect or refuse fo to do, he shall for every offence forfeit fifty pounds, to bq recovered as any penalty may be recovered under the laws in force relating to the militia of Ireland: provided always, that in cafe such recruit shall not be approved of by such officer, or shall desert before or without having arrived at the place of rendezvous, or without being fo approved, no part of the bounty fo advanced shall be repaid by such officer to the person having provided such recruit as aforesaid.

For providing XXIV. And^ in order to provide for such advance, be it enafted, That it (ball be lawful for the governor or governorsof any county, or in their abfence, for such person or persons as shall be thereunto specially authorised by the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, by hi; or their order in writing, to direft the collector of his Majesty's cxcife of the nearest diftrift, to advance to the person appointed as aforesaid for providing recruits, such sum or sums of moneyas such governor or governors or other person or persons fo an-thorifed as aforesaid, shall in his or their diferetion think necefiary, and as shall be specified in such order; and such collector of ex-cife shall accordingly advance and pay the fame out of any pub-lick monies in his hands, or received or receivable by him; and such person fo appointed as aforesaid for providing recruits, (ball apply such money in making the advances herein-before authored

for the advance of mo ©ey to re-

A

iSo4*] Annp regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 74.'  323

rifed to such recruits, as may be provided by him on account of their bounty, and shall account for the disposition of all such iurns, and of all sums which lhall or may be repaid to him as afore fa id, to the said governor or governors, or other .perfon or persons fo authorised as aforesaid, whenever he lhall be thereto required, and shall within ten days after he shall be thereto required by such governor or governors, or other person or persons fo authorised as aforesaid, pay over such residue or balance of any such money in his hands as lhall not be applied to the purposes aforesaid, to the said colledtor of his Majesty's e*cife: provided always, that such gpvernor or governors, or other person or persons fo authorised as aforesaid, (hall, before giving any such order as aforesaid, require and take sufficient security from such person appointed as aforesaid, cither from himself or with one or more fuficient surety or fureties, for providing such recruits, by bond to his Majcfty, his heirs and fucceffors, for which no ftamp-duty shall be payable, in a competent fum, which bond such governor cr governors, or other person or persons fo authorised as aforesaid, is hereby authorised and empowered to take; and such governor or governors, or other person or persons fo authorised as aforesaid, at the time of making such order on such collector for the advance of such fums, shall specify to such collegers the particulars of such fecurity, and the number of recruits to be raised by such persons as aforefaid; and all sums fo advanced by such collectors of his Majesty's excise under any such orders as aforesaid, shall be good and valid, and lhall be allowed them'in their accounts ; and all money fo repaid to and received by them shall be carried to account, as other publick money in their hands.

XXV.  And be it further enadfced, That it shall and may be Subfiftenceto lawful for such perfon, fo appointed as aforesaid for providing ^ recru^ts^to recruits* out of any money fo put into his hands, to advance for carfy them the subsistence of any man raised and provided under this aft from to therendez-the time when such man shall be duly attefted, until his arrival vous.

at the place of rendezvous, any sum not exceeding the rate of one (hilling British per day; and all sums of money fo advanced in respect of any man that shall be approved by the officer appointed for that purpose, shall be repaid to the person providing such recruit, or to his order, by the said approving officer, and shall be accounted for by such person in such manner as is hereinbefore directed with respect to the other sums to be advanced to him as aforesaid under this adt; and in cafe any recruit fo provided shall not be approved by such officer, the amount of such subsistence shall be defrayed out of his Majesty's revenues, in such manner as the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or gover-, nors of Ireland for the timebeino; shall direct and appoint in that behalf.

XXVI.  And be it further enadfed, That every man provided

and raised under this adt, to serve in such additional forte, shall this aft. take the following oath$ (that is to fay).

€ T A. B. do make oath, That to the best of my knowledge and X belief I am  years  ot  age; was^ born

in the parish of  in  or near to the town in the

county of  that  I am by trade or occupation

a *  that  my  last  place of reUdence was at

in the parish of  in or near to the

town of  in  the county of $

in the character or occupation of

that I am no ways disabled by Iamenefs, but have the perfect use of my limbs; that I am not subject to fits, have not rupture, am no apprentice, nor belong to his Majesty's other forces, either army or navy, or marines; and I do further sincerely promise and fwear, that I will be faithful and bear true allegiance to his Majesty King George, and that I will faithfully serve his Majesty in Great Britain and Ireland9 and the islands of Guernfey, Jer/ejt and Alderney, tor the defence of the fame, for the period of five years, and further until fix months after the termination of any war in which this kingdom may at the expiration of the laid period be engaged, by the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, unless I shall sooner be difeharged. As witness my hand, this

day of

tty whom it Which oath may be administered in like manner, and by such and a<”m* kme Pcr^ons ** anY oat^ may administered to any men raised under the said recited of the last session of parliament, or to any men cftlifted in any of his Majesty's regular forces; and every such man shall be attested in like manner, and by such per-fons as any man may be attested for his Majesty's regular forces, fo far as fitch atteftation. or any certificates relating thereto, can be made to apply to the service of any man in the additional foice under this ad.

flow men Shall be formed into battalions, and may be attached or not to regular forces.

Extent of fer-vicc.

Appointment of officers.

XXVIL And be it further ena&ed. That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, from time to time, to cause the private men heretofore railed, or that shall hereafter be raised to serve in such additional force, to be formed into additional or reserved battalions, to be attached to any regiment or battalion of his Majesty's regular forces, or into separate battalions not attached to any other regiment or battalion*

XXVIII.  And be it further ena&ed, That none of the said men to be raised by virtue of this a& shall be compellable or cora-

glled, on any pretence whatever, to serve out of the United ingdom, and the islands of Guernfeyy Jerfey^ and Aldernej, unless they shall freely and voluntarily enlist in any of his Majesty's forces for general fervice, and shall have been for that purpose previously and duly discharged from their service in the additional force to be railed by virtue of this a&.

XXIX.  And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty to appoint such officers and non-commilSoned officers to command and difeipline such regiments, battalions, or corps, as his Majesty shall think fit j and every such officer, and •  .. *  every

1804*] Annoregnf quadragefimo quano Gkorgii III. c- 74.  325

every non-commiflioned officer and druromer in any such regiment, battalion, or corps, and every such private man, from the time of his being sworn as aforesaid, and during the time for which such force shall remain embodied, as well as the additional force to be raised by virtue of this a6t, shall be subject to all the provifions, rules, regulations, pains, and penalties, as well pains of death as others, as are or may be contained in any a& of par* liament then in force for punishing mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, and any arti-cles of war, made in pursuance thereof; and all the provifions, powers, authorities, pains, penalties, and forfeitures, as well pains of death as others, contained in every such ad and articles of war, shall be in force with respect to the additional force to be raised by virtue of this ad, and shall extend to all officers, non* commissioned officers, drummers, and private men of the fame, in all cafes whatever.

XXX.  Provided always, and be it further enaded, That no part of the force to be raised or maintained under this ad (fuch

men only as shall have enlisted for general service excepted) shall embodied* remain embodied for more than fix months after the ratification of a definitive treaty of peaee, unless in pursuance of any ad or ads of parliament which may be hereafter passed for that purpose..

XXXI.  And be it further enaded, That at the expiration of  m#f

fuch respective periods within which any men maybe found j*

and provided by any person or persons appointed for that purpose ments of * as aforesaid, or as soon after as the fame can be done, the fa id grand juries* infpedor-general, or his deputy, fhall, from time to time, transmit to the several and respective treasurers for the several counties and counties of cities in Ireland, ten days at lead previous to every general affizes, or, if to the treasurer of the county and city of Dublin, within fourteen days previous to each prefentiog term, certificates of the deficiencies and vacancies that remaia to be filled up in their respective counties and counties of cities, fpe-cifying the number deficient in each barony or half-barony, and in any parish or place within the fame; and the governor or go* vernors of each county fhall, in like manner, transmit to the (aid treafurers, certificates of the amount of such sums as shall have been advanced under the order of such governor or governors in manner aforesaid, to any recruit or recruits, who, after having been provided, shall not have been accepted or approved by the officer appointed for that purpose, specifying the barony or halfbarony, and the parish or place respectively for which such man was provided; and the said treasurers fhall, and they are hereby reflectively required to lay the said certificate before the judges of assize on the commiffion-day of affize, or, in the county and city of Dublin, before the court of King's bench, on the first day of such term; and it shall be lawful for the said judges of affize, or the court, and they are hereby required, upon due inquiry first made in open court, to order and direlt such treasurers refpedively, to levy on any barony, half-barony, county of a city, parifh, or other place, the quotas of which shall appear to be deficient, or on account of which such sum or sums of money (hall

have he*n fnodvanrnl. tH* amnunt nf the nenalties under this ad.

Treafurers shall pay money levied to the collectors.

526 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georg 11 III. c. 74. [1804.

and of the sum or sums of money fo advanced, as if the fame had been presented by a grand jury, fo that the fame shall be railed and levied forthwith.

XXXII.  And be it further enacted, That the several treasurers of the respective counties and counties of cities as aforesaid shall collect and receive the sums fo ordered to be levied, and pay the fame to the collector of his Majcfty's revenue for such county or county of a city; or, in cafe any county shall be divided into two or more diftrifts, with two or more colleftors, then to the collector of that part of such county in which the county town isfituate; and every such collector (hall, and he is hereby required to give a receipt for all sums of money that shall be fo paid to him as aforefaid; and such receipts shall be lodged by thetreafurer among the records of the county.

XXXIII.  And be it further enacted, That all and every such

...  •  -..1  "  -----  -

. railing men.

Penalties fliall

be applied m penaitjcs^ when fo levied and paid, shall be applied towards the

raifing the men for such additional force: provided always, that if at any time after such penalty shall have been levied and paid as aforesaid, and before such notice shall have been given of any recruit having been raised as aforesaid, a man (ball be found and provided by the person or persons appointed for that purpose as aforesaid, for any barony or half-barony, parish or place, to supply any deficiency in respect of which such penalty was levied and paid, then and in such cafe, three-fourth parts of the amount of such penalty (hall, under the order of the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, be applied towards the payment and discharge of any fine or fines due from such barony-or half-barony, parish or place; and if no fines shall be due, then shall be paid to the treasurer of the county, to be placed by him to the credit of such barony or half-barony, parish or place, as an advance in account of any future publick cess to be thereafter levied thereon.

Recovery of XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all fines, and alfoall fines, and arrears of fines, paid or to be paid under the said recited aft of the ine^hands7 k® session of parliament, and remaining in the hands of any person oy persons whatfoever, and also all monies remaining in the hands of any persons whatfoever, arising from any residue of any sums of money paid by or on account of any person balloted to serve in such additional force as aforesaid, for the engaging of any fubditute or volunteer to be enrolled in his (lead, and not fubfe-quently paid over to the persons entitled to receive the fame, pur-fuant to the directions of the said recited aft of the lad feflion, and all money received by any high conftablc, chief conftablc, fub-conftable, or other perfon, for the purpose'of advancing bounties to recruits under this aft, and not paid and applied in such manner as by this aft is direfted, shall be debts to his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefiors, and may be recovered as such, or in manner directed by this aft, or may be levied under the said recited aft of the lad session of parliament, and shall be transmitted, fent, and paid to the collector of the didrift within which such sums shall be paid, and shall be paid over by such collector to the ^order of the chief secretary of the lord-lieutenant of Inland^

the

of persons having received the (amp.

1804 ] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 74.  327

the benefit of such person or persons as may be jufily entitled to the fame.

XXXV.  And be it further enabled, That all such refidues of Application any such sums of money as aforesaid, remaining in the hands of bounties of any person or persons whatever, arising out of any monies paid deierters, &c. by or on account of any person balloted to serve in the additional

force raised under the said recited aft of the Jaft session of parliament, for the engaging of any substitute or volunteer to be enrolled in his fttrad, and not subsequently paid over to the person entitled thereto, lhall, in all cales in which the person fo entitled thereto shall have been discharged as unfit for fervice, or have 'deferted, go and belong to the parish or place for which such man shall have been enrolled to ferve, and (hall, by the order of the chief secretary of the lord-lieutenant of lrehr.dy be paid to the collcftor of the publick cess within such parish or place; and all such sums of money, when paid to such collector, shall go and be applied in aid of any publick cess within such parish or place, towards the payment of any fines or assessments under this aft; and the surplus (if any) shall be carried to the account of the said cefs.

XXXVI.  And be it further enacted. That in every cafe in Recovery of which fines for deficiencies shall not have been or shall not be fines, &c. by levied under the directions of the said recited aft of the last session £rofcfs *n

of parliament, or of this aft, and in every cafe in which any CXc cc* treasurer of any county shall have negfefted or omitted, or shall ncg:eft or omit to pay any sum or sums of money from time to t me payable by him.ro any collector ofexcifc, within twenty-one days *f:er the receipt thereof, or in which any such collector shall tavc neg'efted or shall negledt: or omit to pay the sums leceived bv him to the receiver-general of excife, according to the direction* of this aft, within twenty-one days after the receipt thereof, and ailb in every cafe in which any churchwardens of any parish or place, or any co'Jeftor of any publick cess or any other person or persons shall have refused or negleftcd,*or shall refuse or neglect to raise any money required to be raised by the said recited aft of the Isft feflion, or this aft, or to pay and apply the fame in manner directed by the laid recited aft, cr this aft, and also in every cafe in which any person or perfons”whatfoever, having in their hands any fine or fines, or refidues of fines, or sums of money, under the said recited aft, at the time of parting of this aft, lhall not within twenty-one days after the parting of this aft, pay and apply the fame according to law, it shall be lawful for his Majefly's court of exchequer in Ireland\ and the fame court is hereby authorifed, on the application of his Mnjcfty's attorney-general, by motion to the said court in a summary way, to hear 2nd determine on the matter of such application ; and if on notice of such application to the clerk of the peace, and the treasurer of the county (in cafes where fines have not been duly levied), and in such and all other cafes, on notice of application to such person or persons refpeftively, in relation to whom such application shall have been made, as the cafe may require, or as the faid

court

328 Anno regni qoadragefimo quarto Georgii TII. c. 74. [1804.

court shall dired, no sufficient cause ihall be (hewn for such neg-]e6t9 default, or omission as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said court of exchequer to fine any such county* or the treasurer thereof, or any person or persons against whom such application shall be made, in any sum not exceeding double the amount of the sum that ought to have been levied or applied, paid or accounted for, as the cafe may require, and to cause the fame to be levied by diftringas, or other procefs, applicable to the nature of the cafe, according to the rules and practice of the f*id court of „ exchequer.

Meetings may XXaVII. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That times ftibfe- if through the neglect or mistake of any governor or deputy go-quent to times vernors, or of any clerk of any general meeting, or other officer appointed. or perfon, or from any other caufe, any meeting required to be held for any of the purposes.of this ad shall not be held within the period herein preferibed, a special meeting may and shall be forthwith summoned and holden for the purposes for which any such meeting ought to have been holden pursuant to this ad, as soon after the period as may be* and if any ad, matter, or thing, by this ad required to be done at any meeting as aforesaid, shall not be performed at such meeting, it shall be lawful for the per* fons refoedively authprifed and required to do any such ad, matter, or thing, to carry the fame into execution at any subsequent j meetings and all such meetings fo summoned as aforesaid, and | all ads, matters, and things respectively which shall be done and performed at any such meetings as aforesaid, shall be as good, valid, and effedual, to all intents and purposes, as if such meetings had been fo fummoned, and such ads, matters, and things, had been done pursuant to the directions of this ad. fr«i!i0n*r'‘- XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all provisions tie* fllall m*1"* dsufcs* matters, and things whatever, in this aft contained, re-tend to coun- lating to counties, shall extend and be construed to extend to all ties of cities, counties of cities and counties of towns, and to all places having &c.

Powers of

militia and defencemans extended to this an*

a separate governor or governors, for the purposes of this ad, or the said recited ad of the last session of parliament, as fully and amply as if they were severally and respectively repeated in every such provifion, diredion, and claufe, and with relation to every such matter or thing.

XXXIX. And be it further enaded,That all the powers, provides, rules, regulations, forfeitures, penalties, claufes, matters, and things, contained in any ad or ads relative to the militia of /r*-landj and in the said recited ad of the last session of parliament, for raising and assembling an additional military force in Ireland, fliall, in (o far as the fame are not altered, varied, or repealed, or other and different provisions made \n relation to such additional force under this ad, be applied and practised for the purposes of this ad, and as to the additional force required by this ad, in as full and ample a manner as if the said powers, provifoes, rules, regulations, forfeitures, penalties, claufes, matters and things, were again repeated and enacted in this ad.

XL. Pro*

1804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Gkorgii III. c. 74. 329

XL. Provided always, and be it enabled, That none of the Except as to provisions or daufes in the said ads, or any or either of them thc families of contained, shall extend or be construed to extend to the autho- erfaffing riling, allowing, or giving any allowances or sums of money or this act. provision, for the wives or families of any men raised for the additional force under this ad, after the passing thereof; and that No remunera-no sum shall be given, paid, or allowed to any person or persons tlo.'Jt£ ^ as a remuneration for their pains and labour in executing the pro- £*dcr visions of this ad, unless the governor or governors of the re- county-go-fpedlive counties shall put his or their Agnature to the order for vernor. that purpoie; any thing in the said recited ads, or any of them,

10 the contrary notwithftanding.

XLI. And be it further epaded, That this ad may be altered. A# may he varied, or repealed, by any ad or ads to be passed in this fcifion ?? rc‘

.fp»w»?r  si,h“

SCHEDULES

33<? Anr.o regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 74. [1804.

SCHEDULES to which this Ad refers.

I

Schedule [A.]

ACCOUNT of Ti/pcaor-General of the ARMY ci RESERVE, or his Deputy, in  ,  for

of

Men received - - 300  4  Quota - -

Men discharged as unfit 30  Effe&ives who are

  now ferving* or

  who have enlifted

Dead - - - 10 .  for General Ser-

  vice - 240

Defcrted - - - 90  

— 60  Deficiency no

240  

G.  A. InfpcQor-General of Army of Referve it

Ireland ;

%

1804.] AnnortgniquadragcfimoquartoGeougn III.c.74.  331

Schedule [B.]

SUBDIVISION of  In  ‘he

County of

Birony of  Names of Men.      Date  of  Enrolment  Penalties

A.  •?  Principals.  Suoftitutcs.  Vuluntee: 8.    and Finch p.,J

Parish of ) St. George 3  Sam1 Jones -      April 2.  

. - -  Xho» Smith -        1-20

- - -  Edwd Smith -  John Nalh -      

Swords  Will" Grey -      John Merks    

Half Barony of  *  #  *  4    

Paish of A.          

B.    '    *  

Totals -  1    •        a

(Signed) A. B. Clerk to Subdivifion-Meeting*.

J3& Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Gkorgii III.c.74. [1&04.

Schedule [C.]

RETURN of Clerk of General Meetings of the County of

Quota of County  330.

Subdivifion of A. Quota 18        Subdivifion of B. Quota 14J        Subdivifion of C. Quota 51.      

Barony of G. Parifli of C. xo.        Barony of IL Paritli of £. 5*        Half Barony of I. Parifli of F. xi.      

Vico ratted and enrolled  Dif-  charged  Dead.  DeCcrted  Mm raised and enrolled  Dif-  clurged.  Dead.  Ddarted.  Men raised and carolled.  Oil.  charged.  Dtxi.  Deferri

A.B.  C.D.  E.F.  G.H  I.K.  L.M.  X  X  X            •    

6  I  I  I                

Half-Barony of K. Pariih of Da 8.                      

A.B. C. D E.F. G.H.  X  /  X  X  Parifli of              

4  I  I  I  • '              

A. B.

1804.] Anno icgni quadragefimo quarto Gborgu III. c. 74.  333

.4

Schedule [D.]

i

! CERTIFICATE of the Deputy .Governors of the of

Total Quota of the of . 300              

8ubdivifion of B. Quota 50.              

Barony of D.  Quotas.  Men raised and enrolled.  Difcbaifed.  Dead.  Deferred.  Deficiency.  Men entifted in Army.

Parifh of A.  B.  C.              

Totals -      •        

Subdivifion of B« Quota 60.              

Barony of E.  Quotas.  Men rsHed and enrolled.  Difcharged.  Dead.  Defcrted.  Deficiency.  Menenlffledtn  Any.

Parifh of A.  B.  C.      •        

Totals -    : •        *  .

Confirmed,  (Signed)  Deputy-Governor*.

E.F. Clerk of General Meetings.

(N. B. Where new Apportionments have been made, new Quotas must be (petrified, because Deficiencies, arifiog from Vacancies must be altered in confcquence.X

334 Ann6regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii IIT. c. 74. [1804.

Schedule [E.]

LIST of Subdivifions and Baronies, and Half-Baronies, [#r, Parjfhes, as the cafe may be'] in the Order in which Men are to be recruited fot the Year 1805, or (as cafi may **•)

1. Subdivifion of D.    

1. Barony of C.  2. Barony of M.  V  3, Half-Barony of P.

  2. Subdivifion of E,  •

1. Parifh of A.  2. Parifh of B.  3. PariOi of C.

•  /  

Afcertained by Ballot, at a General Meeting of the above County, held at  on  the  Day  of  180

(Signed) A. B. Clerk of General Meeting*.

1804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii IIL c. 75.  335

CAP. LXXV. ,

in *8 for enabling fubjetts of foreignfates to enlijl as soldiers in bis Majeflfs fervice, and for enabling bis Majesty to grant commissions to Jttbjefls of foreign Jlatcs to serve as officers or as engineers, under certain rejirifiions ; and to indemnify all per fins who may have ad~ vijed his Majesty to enlist any fuel) foldiers, or grant anyfuck comm if-Jr.ns as aforesaid.—[July 14* 1804,]

WHEREAS it hath been deemed expedient by his Majesty, in order to provide in the fpiedicfl manner for the better defence end greater security of the United Kingdom, in the present important juncture ef affair/, to permit certain foreigners> now in Great Britain* tunlifi 05 soldiers into his Majeflfs fervice, and, for the better dif-ciplining of fuck foldiers, to form them into regiments, battalions, or tsrpi, and to grant commissions or letters of service therein^ to certain fiuign officers acquainted with their manners and language; and it mj be expedient, during tin continuance of the present war, to augment fucb regiment, battalions, or corps, and to form other regiments, battalions, or corps, and to enlijl as soldiers to serve therein relpeftively such other foreigners as /ball be willing to enlijl themselves in his Ada-jiffs fervice; and also to enable bis Majesty h grant commissions or litters of service to foreign officerst therein; and it is proper, that all per-Jm who /ball or may have advised his MajeJly to enlijl such foldierst and to grant such commissions or letters of service as aforesaid, Jhould be indemnified; and it is neceffiary that quarters Jhould be provided for fucb regiments, battalions, or corps, during their continuance in any fart of the United Kingdom: be it therefore enacted by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confetu cf the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all Foreign fo1-fuch foreign soldiers as have been already enlisted into his Ma-jetty's fervice, and formed into regiments, battalions, or corps, as aforesaid, {hall be deemed and taken to have been and to be regiment* legally and effectually enlisted and formed ; and all such commit (hnllbe deem-fions or letters of service as have been already granted by his Ma- cd legally en-jetty to any foreign officers in such regiments, battalions, or formed11 and corp«, ft1^ be deemed and taken to have been and to be le- commifTions gaily and effe£tually. granted, and shall remain and continue in granted tofo-force in like manner in all respects as if such soldiers had heen en-lifted and formed, and such commissions or letters of service had0151 ** v ^ been granted, after the passing and under the provisions of this aci; and all and every persons or person who shall or may have advised his Majesty to enlist such foldiers, and to grant suchcoov-miflions or letters of service as aforesaid, shall be, and they and he are or is hereby fully and effectually indemnified ; any law or ftatuie to the contrary notwithftanding.

II. And be it further enabled. That it {hall and may be lawfulSuc^ for his Majesty, his heirs, and fucceflors, from time to time, to ^femented augment such regiments, battalions, or corps, fo already formed as not toex-as, aforesaid, and to form any other regiments, battalions, or corps, ceed xo}oo«

and racn*

Subjects of foreign states nay calaft and accept commiffions.

entitled to If-pay; h \ Majesty may make

J>rovifion for iich as are wounded in the fervice, SCCm

336 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. 0.75* [1804.

and to that end to enlist as soldiers to serve in any such regiments, battalions, or corps, any foreigners who shall voluntarily enter themselves as soldiers to serve therein: provided always, that there shall not be, within any part of the United Kingdom, more in the whole than ten thousand men serving in such regiments, battalions, or corps, at any one time.

III.  And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for such persons subjects of any foreign dates, as (ball be willing to serve his Majesty, to enlist as foldiers, and to accept comtniffions or letters of fervice, to serve as officers or engineers, from his jefty, his heirs and fucceftors, or from any persons duly autho-rifed by his Majesty to gfrant such commissions or letters of service (which commissions and letters of service it shall be lawful for his Majesty, or for any persons duly authorised in that behalf Officers when as aforesaid, to grant): provided always, that no such officer, reduced not when he shall be reduced, lhall be entitled to receive half-pay: entitled to^ provided neverthelefs, that when any such officer shall be rendereJ hfs Majesty incapable of military service by wounds or infirmities, contrasted while he shall be discharging his military duty during the period of his continuing to serve as such officer under the provisions of this adt, then and in such cafe it shall be lawful for his Majesty to make such provision for such officer as he shall think proper and neceflary, fo that such provision shall in no cafe exceed the half-pay of tne rank in the Briti/b fervice, (imilar to that which such officer shall have held at the time of his becoming fo incapableas 1 aforefaid: provided alfo, that no such person as aforesaid shall be liable to any pain, penalty, or forfeiture whatever, for having accepted any such commimon, orenlifted as a soldier in any such regiments, battalions, or corps as aforesaid, by reason ofhis hav. ; ing professed the Popijb religion, and not having declared the fame at the time ofhis accepting such commission or enlifling. Foreigners IV. And be it further enacted, That all officers, non-com-?nHCr m*ffi°ned officers, drummers, and private soldiers respectively jedt to the ar- fcrv^ng under the provisions of this a<ft, (hall, whilst in his Ma-ticlcs of war, jefty** service as aforesaid, be subject and liable to such articles of kc.  war  as  his Majesty hath eftabli(hed or may think fit to eftabliih

for the better government of the said forces, and for bringing offenders against the fame to juftice, and for constituting courts-martial with power to try, hear, and determine any crimes or offences by such articles of war, and inflict penalties, by (entente or judgement of the fame, and may be billeted and quartered, and be received and provided for in quarters; in the fame man- | ner, to all intents and purposes, as my of his Majesty's regular forces in the United Kingdom now sJe or by law may be billeted and quartered, and received and provided for in quarters: provided always, that no officer, non*commiffioned officer, drummer, or foldier, shall by such articles of war, be subject to any puni(hmcnt extending to life or limb, for any crime which is not expressed to be fo puni(hable by an adt of this session of parliament, intituled,

An a£f for punijbing mutiny and defertion% and for the bitter payment the army and their quarters 5 nor for such crimes as arc expressed —  to

A

1804.] AnnoregniquadragefimoquartoGeoroiiIII. c.76,77. 337

to be lo puni(liable in the said afl, in any manner or under any regulations which shall not accprd with the provisions of the said ad: provided alfo, that every person who shall be enjiftcd as a soldier under the authority of this adt, shall be attested in such manner as his Majesty shall dired, by such articles of war and not othcrwife; and that such officers, non-commiffioned officers, drummers, and private foidicrs refpedHvely shall take such oath for their fidelity, during their continuance in his Majesty's fer-vice, as his Majesty QmIJ in like manner diredt, and no other. .

V.  Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this ad Qf>”^,uanc, shall continue in force during the present war, and until one year after the termination thereof by the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, and no longer.

CAP. LXXVI.

An act for settling and securing a certain annuity on the vifcountess Kfl-warden, and on the family of die late Arthur lord viscount KiiwarJtn.—

[July 14* **<>♦•]

Annuity of i,soo/. payable out of the conColidatcd fund of Ireland, shall be paid quarterly to the vifcounteft Kilwarden for her life. After her death toot. to the present vitcount Kilwarden, and 4001 to Mary Anne and Elizabeth, daughters of the late viscount Kilwarden for their lives : snd after their death to the next successor to the title of viscount Kilwar* den. Acquittance of vilcountefs Kilwarden, &c. to be a sufficient dif-chirge. Annuity not to be conveyed or incumbered.

CAP. LXXVII.

An a£I to render valid certain marriages solemnized in certain churches and publick chapels in which banns had not vfually been published before or at the time of pajfmg an afty made' in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intitule An act for the better preventing of clandeftine. marriages.—,  ,

[July 14, 1804.]

\\THERE h^fince the making of an afty pajfedin the twenty-ftxth V V year of the reign of hismajejty King George the Second, intituled, An adt for the better preventing of clandestine marriages ; %6 Geo. s. and also of an aft9 pajjed in the twenty frjl year of the reign of his c. 33-prefent Majejly9 intituled^ An a St to render valid certain marriages si Geo. 3; solemnized in certain churches and publick chapels in which barms c,*3* had not ufuaily been published before or at the timp of patting an ad, made, in the twenty-fixth year of King George the Second, intituled, ‘ An alt for the better preventing of clandestine marriages,* divers churches and chapels have bun erected and built within that part of Great Britain called, England, Wales, and town of , Berwick~upon-Tweed, which have been duly conficrated, and divers marriages have been solemnized therein since the pajfmg of the said lajl-mentioned aft i but9 by reason that in such churches and chapels banns of matrimony had not ufisally been pftblijbsd before or at the f ime of passing the said fir^mentioned aft 9 such marriages have been or may be deemed io le void: may it therefore pi cafe your Majesty that it Rendering may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the Kang*s most excellent Vo*. XLV.  2  majefty,  nized in

I

have solem nized such marriages*

Anoo regni qiiadrdgefirtio quarto Georgii IIL c. 77. [1804. chapels majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual «  and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembM,

s*  5* and by the authority of the fame. That all marriages already fo-

letnnized, or to be solemnized before the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five, in any church or publick chapel in that part of Great Britain called England Wales > and the town of Berwick-upon-Tweed^ erected fincethe making of the said ad of the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his late majedy King George the Second, and confecrated, shall be as good and valid in law as if such marriage had been solemnized in parish churches, or publick chapels having chapelries annexed, and wherein banns had ufuaily beon publilhed before or at the time of palling the said lad-mentioned ad.

Indemnifying II* And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That minifterg who all parfons, vicars, minifters, and curates, who, before the said ^ r * twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five, shall nave solemnized any of the marriages which are herebj enacted to be valid in law, shall be and they are hereby indemnified against the penalties inflicted by the said ad of the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his said late majedy King George the Second, upon persons who shall solemnize marriages in any other place than a church or publick chapel in which banns bad been ufuaily publilhed before or at the time of passing the said lad-mentioned ad.

•IIL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the regiders of marriages solemnized or to be solemnized in the said churches or chapels, which are hereby enacted to be valid in law, or copies thereof, shall be received in all courts of law and equity as evidence of such marriages, in the fame manner as the regiders of such marriages solemnized in parish churches or pub-lid: chapels in which banns were ufuaily publilhed before or at the time of palling the said ad of the twenty-fixth year of the jeign of his said late majedy King George the Secona, or copies thereof, are received in evidence: provided neverthelefs, that in all such courts the fame objections (ball be available to the receiving such regiders or copies in evidence, as would have been available to the receiving the fame as evidence, if such regiders or copies had related to marriages mentioned in luch lad-mentioned parish churches or publick chapels as aforesaid.

IV.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforelkid, That the regiders of all marriages solemnized in any publick chapels, solemnized in which are hereby enacted to be valid in law, (hall, within fourteen diapcls,to. . days after the said twenty-fifth day of March one thouftnd eight hundred and five, be removed to the parish church of the parish in which such chapel shall be fituated, and in cafe such chapel : shall be situated in an extra-parochial place, theft to the parish church next adjoining to such extra-parochial place, to be kept with the marriage regiders of such parilh, and in like manner as parish regiders are directed to be kept by the said z& of the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his said late majesty King Garp the Second.•'

CAP.

Regiders of such marriages to be received as evidence.

Regiders of marriages

be removed to the parish churches adjoining.

1804.] AnnoregniquadnigefirnoquartoGEORciiIII.c.78—80. 339 CAP. LXXVIII.

An act for making compensation to the proprietors of certain lands and hereditaments, iituate at Weedon Beck in the county of Northampton, purchased in pursuance of an ad, made in the forty-third year of his pre-fent Majesty, for erecting buildings thereon for the service of bis Ma-jefty's ordnance.—[July 14, 1804.]

CAP. LXXIX.

An act to vest certain mefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments in trnfteea, for better recuring his Majesty's docks, (hips, and (lores, at Chatham, and for the use of his Majesty's ordnance at Warley Common and Woolwich.—[July 14,1804.]

CAP. LXXX.

An act for the better support of hit Maiejlys boufebold, and cf the honour and dignity of the Crown of the United Kingdom; and for preventing accumulation of arrears in the payments out of the civil lift revenues.—[July 20, 1804.]

May it please your most excellent Majesty,

WHEREAS by two several ads, passed in the first and seventeenth years respectively of your Majesty's feign, the clear yearly rents or Turns of eight hundred thousand pounds, and one hundred thousand pounds, refpe&ively, were granted to your Majesty ; and were, by another ad, passed in the twenty* seventh year of your Majesty's reign, made payable out of and charged upon the consolidated fund: and whereas the fame hath, flora various caufes, become inadequate to the purposesfor which the said grants were made, and it is expedient that an addition (hould be made thereto; We, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in parliament affejmbled, with hearts full of the warmest gratitude for the inestimable blef&ngs which your subjects do enjoy under your Majesty's most auspicious government, do pray your Majesty that it may be enaded; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and com-mons,in this prefenrparliament aflembled, and by the authority of (he fame. That there be granted to his Majesty, during his life A farther (which God long preferve), over and besides the said several fran^ sums of eight hundred thousand pounds, and one hundred thou-  ***

fand pounds, refpedively, the further revenue or yearly rent of sixty thousand pounds, to commence from the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and four, and that the fame ftiajl be charged and chargeable upon, and payable and paid out of the consolidated fund, in like manner, and according to»the fame rules and under the fame authorities, powers, and provifions, as the said sums of eight hundred thousand pounds, and one hundred thousand pounds, are by the said several alts now charged and paid, as fully and effectually as if the clauses of the said ad9 relating thereto were re enacted in this ad.

z 2  II.  And

£40 Annoregniquadragefuno quarto GeorgiiIII. c.8i,8i. [1804.

II. And whereas by an aflpajfed in the twenty-feconiyear of the i* Geo. 3.  reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An a S for enabling his

1.1%.  Majesty to discharge the debt contracted upon his civil lift

revenues, and for preventing the fame from being in arrear for the future, by regulating the mode of payments out of the said revenues, and by suppressing or regulating certain offices therein-mentioned, which are now paid out of the revenues of the civil lift, provision is made for the payment of his Majesty's civil lift in different clajfes, according to an order of payment therein Jpecified: and whereas it is expedient that more effectual provifton Jbould be made for preventing accumulation of arrears, in any of the fend claps, without the knowledge of parliament; fbe it therefore further froviftonfor ena&ed* That, from and after the said fifth day of July one preventing thousand eight hundred and four, whenever any of the said of arrears in* d*®58 Iball have become in «rrear more than two quarters, the any of the lords-commiffioners for executing the office of lord-b'igh-trea-claires, with- surer for the time being shall cause an account of such arreir, out the know- anj thc cjafs or ciaflres 0n which the fame shall have arifen, to lfamenL *** be laid before the house of commons, within one month after the fame shall have arifen, if parliament shall be then fitting, or if parliament shall not then be fitting, within fourteen days after the next fitting of parliament.

CAP. LXXXI.

An act for enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of two millions five hundred thousand pounds for the use and purposes therein-mentioned. —[July »o, 1804.]

His Majesty may empower the treasury to cause loans to be received or exchequer*bills to be made out for 1,500,000/. any time before January s» 1805, agreeably to 44 Geo. 3. c. 16. Exchequer-bills to be signed by the anditor. Powers of 44 Geo. 3. c. 16. to extend to this aft. Loans or exchequer-bills chargeable on the fir ft aids granted next feflion, and if not granted before July 5, 1805; to be paid out of the confolidartd fund. Monies issued from the consolidated fund to be replaced out of the first fupplies. Bank, in cafe of invafion, may advance the money hereby an-thorifed to be raifed.

CAP. LXXXIL

An a£i to obviate certain inconveniencies which have keen experienced in the accountant-general's office in the court of chancery, in the execution, of an act made in the loft feffio* of parliament, fir granting a contribution on the profits arising from property, frs* fejjions, trades, and offices.—[July 20, 1804.]

43 Geo. 3. c* m.

WHEREAS by an off, pajfed in the last ftffion of parliament, intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty, until the sixth day#of May next after the ratification of a definitive treat; of peace, a contribution on the profits arising from property, profeflions, trades, and offices, the accountant-general of the court of chancery was made anfweroble, or intended to be made anfweroble^ for the doing all such afts, matters, and things, as, according U the true intent and meaning of the faidaft, use re. required, or intended /*

be

1804.] Anno regni quadragcfimo quarto Georgii III. c.8*. 341

be required, to be done by him: and whereat not only by reason of the nature of the office of the /aid accountant-general\ but atfo of the extent and course of the business of the said courts it is highly inconvenient, if not impracticable, (due regard being bad to the interest and regular payment of the suitors of the' said court), that the said accountant-general fbouli do fucb aCls, matters, and things, and more efptciaOy if not author fid Jo to do by the order or orders of the said cewrt, directing how and in what manner, and at what times the fame Jhould he done: be it enacted by the King's most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpiritual' and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflem* bled, and by the authority of the fame, That the said accountant* TIJe *c*oun^ general shall not be answerable for or required to do any of the cha^rynotn ads, matters, or things, for the doing whereof he is or was required to intended to be anfwerable, or is or was required to do by the comply with said recited ad, unless he shall be required to do the fame, by some order or orders of the said court made for that purpose, ^ and it shall be lawful for the said court to make any order or cafes only orders, either general or fpecial, touching all or any of such a£fe, where he shall matters, or things.  have the order

II.  And whereas by an order of the said court, hearing date the °*thc COUI ** eighth day of November one thousand eight hundred and three, it was ordered as follows: a Upon hearing his Majesty's attorney- Order of general, praying the directions of this court, in refpeCf of the manner court, dated in which the accountant-general of this court Jhould retain the duty upon dividends of flock payable under the orders of this court, in con- deSninjf of fermity to the aCl puffed in the laji fejjion of parliament, intituled\ An duty on divi-a& for granting to bis Majesty, until the (ixth day of May next deads,recited* after the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, a contribution on the profits arifihg from property, profefiions, trades, and offices, it appeared to this court, that by the said tiCi, at to fetch dividends as by tie said orders of this court, made or to be made* are payable to persons or parties, in fitch orders refpeCtivefy named, the accountant-general is not required by the said aCf to retain any duty thereupon, the persons or parties to whom the fame are payable appearing to this court to he liable to be otherwise assessed for the fame, as part of the income of fucb perfms or parties, and this court doth thereupon order that the accountant-general do draw for the sums mentioned in such orders refpeCtivefy \ but it appearing to this court that in all cafes in which any orders have been or shall be made for laying out any dividends due or payable on or after Midfummer Day laft, except the dividends on Bank flock. South Sea flock, and Eaft-India flock, in the purchase of any flock, that the duty impofld by the said dCt ought to be retained out of the dividends ordered or to be ordered to be Jo laid out, this court doth order that the accountant-general Jhall, until further order, in all such cafes draw only for fa much of the sums directed by such orders refpeCtivefy to be drawn for as shall be the amount of the fame refpedively, after deducting the sum of one flitting in the pound, the duty imposed by the said aCt, and that the sum fo to be deducted shall remain in the Bank netwitbflanding any orders as aforesaid, subject to this court's further orderbe it

therefore

542 Anno regni quadragefimo quartoGeprgii III. c. 82. [1804. Accountant- therefore further enatfed, That the said accountant-general {hall ^aopN^uch aPP'y fura* as ^avc been or  retained  by  virtue of

fums as have kid order, to the use of his Majesty in such manner as the been or shall fatd court (hall, by any order or orders general or fpecial, direft; be retained and which order or orders the said court is hereby authorised to fJch^rdw ma^c ^or PurP°^c °f trying into eflFeft the provisions of the in such man- fa*d a& as nearly as may be according to the judgement of the ner as the 1 said court.

court shall III. And be it further ena&ed, That, from and after the diredb palling of this a£l, nothing in the said recited a& contained shall ACCc°rad n6t" bc ^cenlc<* or ta^en t0 render or to have rendered the said ac-fjable tp"any countant-general in any manner whatfoever, or to any intent afieiTtnent or whatfoever, answerable for, or to be or to have been liable to penahy,under any affeflrnent, charge, penalty, or demand whatfoever, for or in forco* *fin rc*P?^ *be doing or having done, or the omitting or neg-wfcluheor- idling to do, or the having omitted or neglected to do any a§, der of court. matter, or thing which the said accountant-general was required to do or made answerable for, or was intended to be required to do or made answerable for, by the said recited a&, except fo far as the said accountant-general shall have refused or neglected to obey or comply, or shall refuse or neglect to obey or comply, with any order or orders heretofore or hereafter to be made by the said court as aforesaid, in respect of any a<5ts, matters, or things required by the said a& to have been done, or to be done by the said accountant-general.

Officers of IV. And be it further ena&ed, That, to the intent more chancery and effectually to enable the said court to carry into effect any order and^omp^ny or orc*ers thereof, touching any a<3s, matters, or things, required of the Bank7 by the said recited ad, or which the said court is hereby enabled to obey the to make, the said accountant-general, and all other officers of order of the tf,e said court of chancery, and the governor and company of the bank of England, are respectively hereby required duly to perform and execute all such ads, matters, and things, as by them refpeflively (hall, in or by any order or orders 6f the said court, , be required to be performed or executed, touching any a#$, matters, or things, required by the said recited a&.

V.  And whereas it is nafonable that compenfatidn fkould he mait for the trouble and expend whieb will be occasioned in the office of tb< accountant-general by the execution of the several matters required ($ be done by the said recited aits or this aft\ and that the fame Jbould tret be made out of the money belonging to the suitors of the said court; bc ^°She made 11 ^urt^er crta&ed, That it shall be lawful for the lord-chancellor, by the trea- lord-keeper, or lords-commiffioners fqr the great fcal, or the fury, for master of the rolls, for the time being, to certify to the lordt-'troublc oc- commissioners of his Majesty's treafury, from time to time, what the offic %t ^ums aPPcar to tbetn respectively jo be reasonable to be the account-i allowed, and to what person or persons in respect of foch ant-general, trouble or expenefc as aforesaid ; and that it shall be thereupon lawful for the said lords-commiffioners of the treasury to give such direSions as may be necessary for the payment thereof, of any part thereof, out of any of the sums of mQney charged or

chargeable

i8o4*] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III, c. 83. 343

chargeable under the said recited ad or this ad, and to be raised out of any dividends of funds under the management of the said court of chancery; and which directions all pprfons concerned are hereby authorised and required to obey*

CAP. LXXXIII,

An aft fir regulating the appointment of eommijfioners to aft in the execution of an aft of the lajl session of parliament, for granting to his Majefiy a contribution on the profits arising from property, pro-fiffionsi trades, and offices•—[July 20, 1804,]

WHEREAS an aft was made in the UJl session of parliament,

intituled^ An act for granting to his Majesty, until the 43 Oeo. , sixth day of May next after the ratification of a definitive treaty c- m* of peace, a contribution on the profits arising from property, profeffipns, trades, and offices: and whereas it is expedient that certain of the provisions and regulations for cboofing commissioners should be altered and amended, fo as more effectually to secure a due execution thereof: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enaded; and be it enacted by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the adviqe and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflem* bled, and by the authority of the fame, Tfiat.in every district Commlflion* where the commissioners acting in the execution of the said ad “^tu?the!? shall not have completed their year's afiefl'ments, and collection year's afTefT-thereof, before the times limited by the said ad for appointing raents and new commissioners for the subsequent year, and the fajd commifr cohesion are fioners shall be willing to continue to ad as such commissioners comPlctcd* in the execution of the said ad, no new appointment of comr miffioners lhall be required $ and if in^ any such district a new Any new ap-appointment of commissioners {hall have taken or (ball take pointment place, either at a general meeting of the commissioners of land- ™ tax, or at a district meeting of such cqmmiffioners, whereby appointed com-commiffioner or commissioners appointed for the prior year's miffioners are afleiTment, and willing to ad as such commissioner or cpmmif- willing toad* fioners shall have been or shall be removed before the year's afleiTment shall have been completed as aforesaid, the appoint* went of any other commissioner or commiffioners, in the room of the commissioner or commissioners removed and willing to ad, (ball be and is hereby declared void, and it shall be lawful for the commissioner or commissioners fo first appointed to continue to ad as a commiffiqner or commissioners by virtue of such appointment, notwithstanding fuefi second or after-appointment of commiffioners; and where any appointment of commifr Appointment fioners for the first year's afleiTment under the (aid ad shall have taken place after the times limited by the said ad, and the com- flrft^eav'aW miffioners fo appointed have begun to ad in the execution of the afleffinent said ad, every such appointment is hereby declared valid, arid after the thne the commissioners acting under such appointment for the first  dc-

year's afleiTment are hereby indemnified for all ads which com*-cUrc v ^ tniffioqers duly appointed may lawfully do under the laid ad.

‘  JI.  Anft

344 Anno regniquadragefimo quarto Georgii I!}, c.83. [1804.

Power of II. And be it further enacted, That in and for every district holding gene- where there shall not be sufficient commissioners according to of thecon? the directions of the said act to carry the fame into execution, nutfioncra of the power of holding a general meeting of the commissioners of land-tax, in land-tax shall be extended, for the present year, until the tenth ^he^hal^not  ^°^(r onc thousand eight hundred and four, until which

feTfofficicn; t*mc the P°^crs of the said act In relation to such nomination number of may be carried into execution; and every such general meeting commissioners already held pursuant to the said act for such purpose, although r°clt aftthC a^tcr the time limited by the said act, shall be deemed valid, and extended till ^‘c appointment of comVniflioners at such meeting is hereby Oft. 10,1804, confirmed, except where by such nomination any commifiioner &c.  or commissioners acting for the first year's afleument shall be

willing to continue to aft, in which cafe the nomination of any other person or persons to aft in his or their place (ball be null and void; and all appointments made or to be made at any dif-trift meeting of such commiffioners, where a general meeting Hull have been held, or shall be held before the day limited by this aft, are hereby declared to be null and void.

Powers for III, And be it further enacted, That the (heriff of every convening ge- county in England, or his deputy, and the (heriff depute or fub-ings ancTap- ^>tutc *n every county in Scotland, and the chief magiftrare of pointing com- every city, borough, cinque port, town, and place iu Great Bri-miffioners, tain, where such general meeting is required to be holden, (hall, on notification thereof from the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, convene the fame accordingly at the usual or most proper place for holding such meetings; and where the powers of the said act for the appointment of commissioners shall not have been duly executed, or where the commissioners appointed shall not have taken upon themfielves the execution of the said act, the (heriff, or his deputy, or the chief magiftrare aforesaid in England and the (heriff depute, or fubftitute, or chief magiftrare aforesaid in Scotland, (hall, by the direction of the lords-commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, and by their nomination, cause to be appointed sufficient perfons, qualified as directed by the said act, to be commissioners for the purposes of the said act, or assistant commiflioners, as the cafe may require; which commissioners fo nominated and appointed shall have full I power to carry the said act into execution, as well with respect to the assessments to be made in the year of such appointment as for any prior year or years in which any default shall have been made in carrying the said act into execution, and for such period of time as the said lords-commiffioners shall limit and I appoint.

Vacancies of IV. And be it further enacted, That all vacancies happening howto 1be*1* ™lhin the year (hall, if the fame cannot be supplied from the fpppticd. lift of commissioners for the purpose of supplying vacancies as directed by the said act, be filled up, by the appointment of the remaining acting commiffioners, from such persons as shall be duly qualified to be appointed such commiffioners; and in all fafes it shall be lawful for any of the persons appointed to fupply

. vacancies

i 8c>4'] Annoregniqnadfagefimoquarto Gboroii TII. c. 84.  345

vacancies to aA as assistant coramiffioners in the fame diftriAs, if the commissioners for the purposes of the said aA in the fame diftriAs Hull think proper to appoint them, or any of them, to that office.

CAP. LXXXIV.

in a& to permit certain persons in the office of ordnance, and the quarter-majler-general, to fend and receive letters free from the duty of pojtage; and to enable the board of ordnance, the adjutant-general, the quarter ~mafter-general, and the borrack-mafter-generalj to authorise persons in their offices to fend Utters free from the said duty.—[July 20, 1804.]

WHEREAS an afl was made in the fortyfecond year of the

reign of bis present Majesty, intituled. An aA to authorise 44 Geo. 3. the fending and receiving of letters and packets, vote*, pro. c. 63. ceedings in parliament, and printed newfpapers, by the port, free from the duty of poftage, by the members of the two houses of parliament of the United Kingdom, and by certain publick officers therein named; and for reducing the pottage on such votes, proceedings, and newfpapers, when lent by any other perfon: and whereas the privilege of fending and receiving letters and packets free from the duty of pojtage is not by the said all extended to the mafter-general ef his Majesty* s ordnance, to either of the secretaries of the said majler-general, to the fe&etary to the board of ordnance, to the injpeflor-general offortifications, or to the quarter-mafter-general of bis Majesty*s forces, who, by virtue of their rtfpefiive offices, necejfarily fend and receive many letters and packets relating to the publick concerns of this kingdom: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enaAed; and be it enaAed by the King's most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affcmbled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the paging of this ad, the Mafter-rgeite-matter-general of his Majesty's ordnance, one of the secretaries °^thc to the said matter-general, the secretary to the board of ordnance {^fp^or- ' the infpeAor-general of fortifications, and the quarter^matter^ general and general of his Maiefty's forces, all for the time being, shall quarter-mak and may fend and receive letters and packets free from the duty of poftage, in the fame manner and under such reftriAions J^eiveler-as the commander in chief of his Majesty's forces for the time ten free from being, and other officers of his Majesty** forces, therein fpe- poitage. eified, are thereby permitted, in refpeA of their offices, to fend and receive letters and packets free from the duty of pottage.

II.  And be it further enaAed, That it shall and may be The ord-lawful to and, for the lieutenant-general and principal officers of his Majesty's ordnance to authorise and dire# certain perfons, neJrai, thc ' not exceeding two in number, in their office or department; quarter-mat* and to and for the adjutant-general of his Majesty's forces for ter-general, the time being, to.authorife and direA certain perfons, not ex- rok-mafter* ceeding two in number, in his office or department; and to general, m*y

and appoint ccr*

346 Anno regni quadrag^fimoquarto GeorgiiIII. c.85,86. [1804.

tain persons and for the said quarter-mafter-general of his Majesty's forces to indorse let- for the time being, to authorlfe and direct certain perfons, not packets to be exceeding two in number, in his office or departitient; and to fcnt free from and for the bar rack-m after-general of his Majesty's forces for their offices, the time being, to authorise and direct one person in his office

&C'

or department (a lift of whose flames shall from time to time be transmitted to the general poft-offices in London and Dublin), feveratly and respectively to make and fubferibe an indorfemerrt upon letters and packets, to be sent by the post free from their respective offices, which shall concern the publick business of such offices or departments, signifying that such letters and packets are upon his Majesty's fervicej which letters and packets, being fo fubferibed and sealed with the respective seals of the said lieutenant-general and principal officers of his Majesty's ordnance for the time being, the said adjutant-genera] for the time being, the said quarter-mafter-general for the time being, and the said barrack-njafterrgeneral for the time being refpec-tivelj, shall and may b? sent and conveyed by the post free from

vn^ing in- HI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if dorfement on any«perfon authorised to make and fubferibe such indorsement letters not shall knowingly make the fame, or procure the Tame to be S?11??inf ma4*, upon any letter or packet which does not really con-flftheoCDce. cern bu^incfs °f office or department to which he shall ^  '  belong,  such person shall for the fifft offence forfeit and pay

the sum of fifty pounds,-to be recovered and applied in such manner as by the aft of the ninth year of the reign of Queen Anne, for eftabli(hing a general poft-office, is directed with respect to the penalties inflidi^d by the said act j and for the second offence shall be dismissed frpiq his qffice.

CAP. LXXXV.

An adt for further continuing, for seven years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffien of parliament, an adt, made in the twelfth year of his prefeiu Majesty, for encouraging the manufacture of leather, by lowering the duty payable upon the importation of oak 4  bark,  when the price of such bark lhal| exceed a certain rate.—[July

no, 1804.]

CAP. LXXXVI.

An act for reviving, amending, and further continuing fareral laws relating to the more effectual encouragement of the British fiflieries, until the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and fix $ ind to the encouragement of the trade and manufactures of the Ifle of Man, to the improving the revenue thereof, and the more effectual prevention of smuggling to and from the fajd ifland, until the fifth day of July one thoufimd eight hundred and five.—[July so, 1S04.]

CAP.

i8q4>] Anno regni quadragcGmo quarto Georgii III. c. 87. 347 CAP. LXXXVII.

An act to amend an aft9 pajjed in the thirty •ninth and fortieth years of bis present Maje]ly9 intituled, An act for settling disputes that may arise between matters and workmen engaged in the cotton manufadure in that part of Great Britain called England.—[July 20, 1804.]

WHEREAS by an aft9 pajfci in the thirty-ninth and fortieth

years of the reign of his present Majefiy, intitukd9 An ad 39&40GC0.3. for settling disputes that may arise between matters and work-6*?0"' men engaged in the cotton manufadure in that part of Great Britain called England9 provisions were enabled for settling all disputes that arise in respect of such manufafture9 between the maf-ters and workmen engaged therein9 by way of arbitration, by two arbitrators 9 one to be chosen by each party at his difcretion: and whereas the mode intended to be thereby eflablijhed hath not produced the beneficial effects expected therefrom: and whereas it is therefore expedient that fo much of the said recited aft of the thirty-ninth and fortieth years aforeJaid9 as relates to the settling such disputes by arbitration in manner therein mentioned9 Jhould be amended: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enaded; and be it enacted by the King's molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That fo much of the said So much of recitea ad of the thirty-ninth and fortieth years aforesaid, as  39

relates to settling such disputes as aforesaid by arbitration, in ** manner therein direded, and also fo far as regards the powers latrs to fet-of the arbitrators to administer an oath or oaths to the parties tlingdifputea or their witneftes, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and arbltrfuj that, from andf after the palling of this ad, all such difputesWon rc**

{hall be fettled and determined in manner by this ad direded.

II.  And be it further enaded. That, in all cafes where an ar- Where parties bitration may be demanded by the said recited ad, where the a8r^t0 ah?dc party complaining and the party complained of, shall come natio^Sv* before or agree, by any writing under their hands, to abide by juftice, the the determination of any justice of the peace or magistrate of matter In disc any county, city, town, or place, within which the parties 5ute *nay be refide, it shall and may be lawful for such justice of 4he peace hyhTm, or magistrate to hear and finally determine in a fommary man- * ner the matter in dispute between such parties; but if such Where parties parties shall not come before,• or fo agree to abide by the de-do not 10 termination of such justice of the peace or magiftrate, then it shall be lawful for any such justice or magiftrate, and such justice the party com-of the peace or magistrate is hereby required, on complaint plained of, made before him, ana proof by the examination of the party, and appoint* making such complaint, that application has been made to the atrequeftof person or persons agamft whom such cause of complaint has {^owtofct-arifen, or his, her, or their agent or agents, if such depute has tie the matter arjfen with such agent or agents, to fettle such difpute, and in difpute.

348 Anne regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 87. [1804,

that the fame hat not been fettled upon fucb complaint being made, or where thedifpute relates to a bad warp, such caufcof complaint shall not be done away within forty-eight hours after such application, to summon before him such person or perfons, or agent or agents, on some day not exceeding three days, exclusive of Sunday 1 before the making such complaint, giving notice to the perlon making such complaint of the time and place appointed in such fummon's for the attendance of such person or perfpns, agent or agents, as aforesaid * and if at such time and place the person or persons fo summoned shall not appear by himfelf, or fend some person on his, her, or their behalf, to fettle such difpute, or appearing shall not do away such cause of complaint, then and in such cafe it shall be lawful for such just ice, and he is hereby required, at the request of either of such parties, to nominate arbitrators or referee? for settling the matters in difpute; and such justice shall then and there at such meeting propose not less than four nor more than fix perfons, one half of whom shall be raafter-oianufa&urers or agents or foremen of some cnafter-manufa&urer* and the other half of whom shall be weavers in such manufadure (fuch respective persons redding in or near to the place where such dispute shall havtarifen) out of which maftpr-manufa&urers, agents, or foremen, the matter engaged in such difpute, or his agent, shall chufc one, and out of whiclr weavers fo propofed, the weaver or his agent, shall chuse another, who shall have fuU power to hear and finally determine such difpute; and the said juilice shall thereupon appoint a place of meeting according to the directions of this ad, and also a day for the meeting, notice of which nomination, and of the day of meeting, shall thereupon be given to 'the persons fo nominated arbitrators or referees, and to any party to any such difpute, who may not have at* tended the meeting before such justice as aforefaid; which appointment fl^all be by such justice certified in the form following; (that is to fay).

Form of ap- * T R. one of the jqftices of the peace acting for potatment of X do hereby certify. That C. D. and E. F. are duly nominated *c**recf‘ referees to fettle the matters in difference between G. H. of

mafter-manufa&urer [*r, agent of, 4/ the cafe may it) and /. X of  weaver, pursuant to an ad patted in the forty-

fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty; and that the said referees are hereby directed to meet at  on

the  day  of  at of the clock.

ab:

*

And the persons fo appointed as aforesaid shall bear and examine the parties and their witnefles, and determine such dispute within two days after such nomination, exclusive of Su*iiji\ and the determination of such arbitrators shall be final aod con-clufivc.

i

III.  Pro-

1804 ] Annoregni quadrageflmo quarto Geoagii III. c. 87.  349

III.  Provided alfo, and be it enadted, That if any person fo Perfons com- •

romplaining as aforesaid shall not attend, or fend some person  no*

yn his or her behalf, at the time and place appointed by such fofc^hTicne-uftice of the peace, for the purpose of naming such persons as fit of the ad/ iforefaid* such person dial] not in such cafe be entitled to the &c. benefit of this a6k j and if any person against whom any such complaint shall have been made as aforesaid, shall not attend, or fend (bme person on his or her behalf, the justice of the peace shall thereupon nominate a person for him out of such persons fo proposed as aforesaid.

IV.  Provided always, and be it enadled, That in cafe any orOnarbitra. either of the persons fo proposed by any such juftice, shall refufelors

or delay to accept such arbitration, or accepting, shall not adl(0name* ***

therein, the justice shall proceed to name another or otherotbcrs.

perfons of the riefcriptions aforesaid, in the room of the perfon

fo refuiing as aforesaid to be arbitrator or arbitrators in the

place of such arbitrator or arbitrators fo refuting or delaying to

accept, or who shall not adfc, out of whom the parties to luch

difpute shall forthwith respectively nominate the arbitrators under

this adt; and in every cafe of a second nomination, the arbitra*

tors shall meet within twenty-four hours after the application

for the fame, and at the fame place at which the meeting of the

arbitrators first named was appointed.

V.  And be it further enacted, That in each and dvery cafe Arbitrators where the arbitrators cannot agree, they shall forthwith go

fore the justice or justices by whom they were appointed ; and to go before in cafe of his or their absence or indifpofition, before any other thejuftice, justice of the peace for the fame county, riding, diyifion, city, liberty, or place, nearest to the place at which the arbitrators met to fettle the dispute ; and if either arbitrator shall neglect  J

or refuse to go before such justice of the peace, in the manner herein diredted, it shall and may be lawful for such juftice, after summoning the arbitrators to attend him, to determine the matter or matters in difpute, upon the statement and repre-fentation of either of the arbitrators who shall come before him.

VI.  And be it further enacted, That in every cafe where pnC *rWtn-a second arbitrator shall be appointed as aforesaid, and such|^^^^€ second arbitrator shall not attend at the time and place ap- the other does pointed for settling the matters in difpute, it shall be lawful not attend, for the other arbitrator at such time and place to proceed by

himfelf to the hearing and determining of the said matters in difpute, and in such cafe the award of such foie arbitrator shall be final and ccnclufivc as to all matters in difpute, submitted to such arbitrators.

VII.  Provided alfo, and be it enadted, That all complaints Limiting the

by the weaver, as to bad materials, shall be made within three  "

weeks after his receiving the fame, and all complaints arising plants, from any other cause shall be made within three days after such

caufe of complaint shall arife; and that it shall not be allowable to any manufadlurer, who shall have received into his pof-feflion any cotton cloth made by himfelf, or his clerk or foreman

fettled near the place of work. Penalty on rrfnfing to fulfil the award*

Aflrio feghi quadrageGmo quarto Georgii III. c. 87. [1804.

man, afterwards, to make any complaint on account of work fo received.

Comgaints VIII. Provided always* and be it further enaded, That in wi^pfor8 ^  where  complaints are made respecting bad warps or

utenfils to be utensils by workmen, the place of meeting of the referees shall be at or as near as may be to the place where the work shall be carrying on ; and in all other cafes at or as nfcar as may be to the place or places where the work has been given out.

IX.  And be it further enaded, That if either party shall refuse to fulfil the award to be made in pursuance of this ad, for the space of forty-eight hour* next after the fame shall be made, and have been reduced into writing in the form m the fcheduk to this ad annexed, or to the like effed, the party fo neglecting or refuftng shall forfeit and pay to the party in whose favour such award shall have been made as aforesaid, the sum of tea pounds, to be recovered as the penalties infiided by the (aid recited ad may be recovered.

X.  And be it further enaded, That with every piece of work given out by the manufacturer to a workman to be done,

^ WUK there shall (if required by the workman to whom the fame given out with (ball be given) be delivered a note or ticket, (igned by the work. person delivering out the fame, or his agents, dating the quantity of the materials delivered out, and the nature of the work to be performed, and the price agreed upon for the executing such work in a workman-like manner; and which /aid note or ticket, in the event of dispute between the manufacturer and workmen* shall be evidence of all matters and things mentioned therein or respecting the fame.

Duplicate of XI. And be it enaded. That a duplicate of every such note

hTkeptby the **  ma<*c  anc*  maGcr  or  agent de-

maftcr. * Kvering the fame; which duplicate shall be evidence of all the matters and things therein contained, in cafe the workman shall not produce to the arbitrators or the said juftice, as the cafe may be, the said note or ticket fo delivered to him with the said work.

XII. And be it further enaded. That every matter or agent refusing or neglecting to give a note or ticket in the manner

Tickets dating quantity of materials, &c. to be

Penalty on not giving a ticket.

hereby preferibed, when required fo to do, shall forfeit and pay

‘  ~    ‘  '  if-

any sum not exceeding forty shillings nor less than twenty (hillings, for each failure or negled, to any person or persons who shall sue for the fame, to be recovered and applied in the fame manner as other penalties may be recovered and applied by the said recited ad: provided always, that no appeal shall be competent against any conviction for any such penalty.

Complaints Xlfi. Provided always, and be it further enaded, Thai where azSift agents an^ wor^ have been delivered to any workman by the or partners, agent or servant of any mailer or matters, to be, when fini&cd, delivered to such agent or fervant, and also where two or more persons shall carry on the bufmefs of such manufadure as parr-^  ners,  in  every such cafe refpedively, the like proceedings (hall

and may be had and made against such agent, fervant, or any

partner.

1804.] Artno rtgfai quadrAgefimo quarto Georgii III. c« 87.  3  31

partner* and shall be as effectual as,if the fame had been had and made against the principal or all the partners 5 and all the hid persons re(peftively shall obey the award made thereupon and all such order or orders as shall be made by the (aid just ice or just ices, in or respecting the matters in difpute, and shall be fubjcft to the fame pains, penalties, and forfeitures, for refuting or delaying to abide by or perform the fame, as if the proceedings had been had against the principal or against all the partners.

XIV.  Provided alfo, and be it further enabled. That in all How proceed* cafes where any proceedings may be had against a master or

mailers under this or by the said recited aft, or where such bankrupts, proceedings shall have been commenced, and the master or mailers shall become or be bankrupt, or any assignment of his or their estate or efFefts shall have been made under the said bankruptcy, or.othefwife by deed or in law, the assignee or afiignees of such.eftate or efFefts shall be liable to the proceedings authorised by this>aft against the master or mailers, as fully as the master or matters was or were before the bankruptcy or alignment; and such proceedings may be commenced or carried on againft. such assignee or afiignees, who shall fulfil and abide by the award made thereupon; and all such order or orders shall be made by the said joftice or justices in or respecting the matters in.difpute, and (ball be subject to the fame pains, penalties, and forfeitures, for refufmg or delaying to abide by or perform the fame, as if the proceedings had been had against the master or mailers before his or their bankruptcy, or the assignment of his or their estate or efFefts; provided that all sums of money to be paid in pursuance of such award or orders shall be recoverable only out of the estate or efFefts of such matter or mafters, and not out of the proper money of such assignee or afiignees.

XV.  And be it further enacted. That where any married Complaints of woman, or infant under the age of twenty-one years, shall have married wo-caufe of complaint in any of the cafes provided for by this or the

(aid recited aft, against any master or mailers, his or their agent or fcrvant, or assignee or afiignees as aforesaid, such complaint may be lodged, and all further proceedings thereupon had by and in the name of the huiband of such married woman, and of the father, or, if dead, of the mother, or, if on the death of both parents, of any of the kindred of any such infant, and of the surety or sureties in any indenture of apprenticeihip of any such infant being an apprentice; and all such proceedings shall be a* effectual, valid, and binding, as if such married woman was foie, and such infants were of full age, and pursued by themselves the remedies provided by this or the before-recited aft.

XVI.  And be it further enacted. That all coils, time, and Cofts to be

cxpences, attending the applications to justices to be made  ar"

under this aft, and of the arbitration pursuant thereon, lha!l be  °r

fettled by the arbitrators or arbitrator by whom such difputesJ

(hall be fettled; and where the fame shall be determined by any

35*  Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georg i i III. c. 87. [1804.

Fees to be allowed.

juftice of the peace, pursuant to the said recited aft, then the cods, time* and expences aforesaid, shall be fettled by fiich juftice^ and where the arbitrators appointed as aforesaid cannot agree as to the cofts, time, and expences to be allowed, the fame shall be fettled by the justice or justices of the peace by whom the said arbitrators wete named j and in cafe of his absence or indifpofition, by any justice of the peace for the fame county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, or place, nearest to the place at Which the arbitrators met to fettle the difpute.

XVII.  And be it further enacted, That the following and no hightr foes shall be allowed to be taken for any proceeding under this a A; videlicet,

& *- d.

To the clerk of the justice or juftices.

For each summons  -  -  - o o 6

For every oath or affirmation •  -  -006

For drawing and entering the order  -  -006

For every warrant -  •  -  -  -010

For every conviction  -  •  - o 10

To the con (table or other peace-officer.

For service of summons or order *  -006

For executing warrant of distress and sale of

goods -  -  •  -  -016

For custody of goods diftrained, per diem  - o 0 4 j

For every mile he shall travel -  •  -004

And a table of foes, ftgned by the clerk to such justice or juftices, shall be bung up in every place where any general or Proceedings quarterwfeffions or petty sessions of the peace (ball be held, not to be XVIfL And be it enafted, That no proceedings under ibis /or a ft shall be fet aside or quaflied for want of form, s h*d°i °™* XIX. And be it further enacted, That in place of the forms nexedto be* ^ct down in the schedule to the said act, the forms contained in used initead of the schedule hereunto annexed shall be ufcd and observed in tlx that under several instances to which they apply; and all the provifionsof rc^tei?• the  which  are contrary to the provisions ot this aft, or

fions of^that" f°r  other  provisions are hereby fubftituted, shall be aod

aft contrary the fame are hereby repealed; but the lame shall in all other hereto re- respects remain and continue in full force and effeft.

P^cd*  XX. And be it further enacted, That this aft shall be deemed

Publick aft. and taken to be a publick a ft in all courts within the kingdom, and all judges and justices of the peace are hereby required to take notice thereof as such without fpccially pleading the fame.

SCHEDULE

iSo4«] Annoregni quadragefimoquarto Georgii IIT. c. 87. 353

SCHEDULE to which this Aft refers.

FORM of the AWARD, to be written at the Foot or upon the Back of the Order of the Juftices appointing the Arbitrator!*

WE, I. K. and L. M. [name and deferibt the referees], the referees appointed to fettle the matters in dispute between the parties within named, [or, I, 7. K. the referee on the part of the within A, B. L. M. the referee appointed on the part of the within named C. 2).J having, notwithstanding the notice, failed to attend on me, N. O. the justice [*r the cafe may be], do hereby adjudge and determine, that [here fet forth the determination to which the referees or referee, or jufticey as the cafe may be, shall fubferibe their names.]

FORM of INDORSEMENT, extending the Time limited for making the Award, to be written on the Foot or 00 the Back of the Order of the Juftice appointing the Arbitrators.

WE, A\ B. and C. D. parties to the within arbitration, do hereby agree to extend the fame to the day of  inclufive.  Witnefs  our hands this

day of

Witnefs A. B.

GA

FORM of ACKNOWLEDGEMENT of Fulfilment of the Award, to be written on the Foot, or on the Back thereof.

I A. B. do hereby acknowledge, That die above award hath been fulfilled by C. D. who is hereby discharged of the fame. Witnefs my hand, this  day  of

Witnefs A. B.

FORM of CONVICTION for refilling or delaying tQ fulfil the Award.

BE it remembered, That on the  day of

in the  year  of  his  Majesty's  reign,  and in the

year of our Lord  A.  B.  is  convicted  before  me

[or, name the justices of the peace for the county, riding, divifm, city9 or place of  1 that the said At B. has refused or  delayed

Vot/XLV.  Aa  ‘  to

354 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III, c. 88. [1804.

to fulfil the award within the time limited, contrary to the fta-tute made in the forty.fourth year of his present Majesty, intituled, An aft [here fet forth the title of the aft] and I [or, we) the said justice [or, juftices] do hereby adjudge and determine the said A. B. for the said offence, to forfeit and lose the sum of of lawful money of Great Britain, and do otder the fame to be forthwith paid by hint [her, or, them, as the cafe way he].

CAP, LXXXVIII.

An act for explaining and amending feyeral afts relating to hackntj coaches employed as stage coaches, and for indemnifying the owners of hackney coaches who have omitted to take out licences, tuirfucri to an act made in the twenty -fifth year of his present Majcfiy [July 20, 1804.]

WHERE AS by an aft, pajfed in the twelfth year of the u\gn of his present Majesty, intituled. An a<5t to explain and c. 49*  amend  an  a<51, made in the seventh year of the reign of his pre-

fent Majesty, intituled, ‘ An a£t for altering the (lamp-duties upon policies oF infurance, and for reducing the allowance to be made in respect of the prompt payment of the ftamp-duties on licences for retailing beer, ale, and other excifeable liquors, and for explaining and amending several adls of parliament relating

{0 hackney coaches and chairs/ fo far as the fame relates to tackney coaches, it is recited, that a great number of perfon\ licensed by the commffioners for regulating and licenfmg badnty coaches to use and keep for hire hackney coaches, regularly iifed ad employed the fame as fated Jlages to and from different towns ad places in the neighbourhood ofthe cities of London and Weft minder and the borough of Southwark, as well within the bills of mortalllj as without, which was of great pub lick utility and convenience; ad it is also recited that a doubt had arisen whether, by the laws then in force relating to hackney coaches% such persons being licensed in tit usual and general form were not compellable to do the frdtnary uwk of hackney coaches, and to carry fares for hire to any parts or plans within the cities if London or Weftminfter, or within tbt dijUnct qf ten wiles thereof, which would be attended not only with gretf inconvenience to the inhabitants of such towns and places, but also be a great hffening to his Majesty s revenue arifingfren ha<i»q coaches; it was by the fame recited aft declared, that, from and after the pajfvig thereof, the said commijfoners for licenftng and regubung ( hackney coaches, or any other perfsn or persons having authority ti pat any of the laws in. execution concerning licensed hackney coathmtH, their renters, or their drivers, Jhould not he compelled or compdlaou to fine or pumjh any licensed hackney coachman, his renter, or driver, for refusing to carry a fare out of the ordinary course of his stage work or duty, who Jhould regularly use and employ his coach fo licensed as a stage coach to and from, any of the towns and places in tie neighbourhood of the said cities of London and Wo$mmftcr, and who Jhould alfo*, by painting in legible, ekarafters on the door ef fuck coach,

or

1^04 ] Anno regni quadragefittfo quarto Georgii III. c. 88. 355

or by a boprd to be painted in legible char afters on the door of fitch cmh, plainly denote and difiinguifl the fame to be a fiage coach to and frm any fitch town or pldce; any thing in the said therein-recited aft, or in any other aft relating to hackney coaches, to the contrary notwitb-funding: and whereas an aft, puffed in the twenty fifth year of the reign of his prefint Majefiy, intituled, An act for repealing the *5 Geo. duties on Kcences taken out by persons letting horses for the0-'*1* purpose of travelling poft, and on horses let to hire fey travelling post and by time, and on stage coaches, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof, and al(o additional duties on horses Ice to hire for travelling post arid by time: and whereas certain duties in the fame aft specified in lieu of the duties by the fetid recited aft repealed were thereby granted on persons who Jhould keep any carriage in the said recited aft deferibed, and dJnong others the sum of five Shillings to be paid annually for a licence for that furpofe, and alfi one penny for every mile fitch carriage Jhould travel \ and such dutiet were thereby placed under the management of tho commiJfieHers of fiamp-duties: and whereas it was thereby further enacted and de+ claredy that nothing therein contained Jhould extend or be confirued t6 extend to any horses used in hackney coaches licensed pursuant to several afts of parliament made for that purpose, where the borfee drawing such hackney coaches Jhould be employed to go no greater difianee than ten miles from the cities of London or Weftminfter, and thefitburbs thereof: and whereas a certain penalty of ten pounds for taco offence is by the said lajl recited aft tmpofed on perjons who Jhould keep any such carriages as therein deferibed to be employed as publick fiage coaches without having Jirfi obtained a licence according to the provifiens of the said act: and whereas an aft, puffed in the tlirtyfieventh year of the reign of his prefint Majefiy, intituled, An 57 Geo. 3. ad for granting to his Majefiy an additional duty on fiage coaches, whereby an additional duty of one penny per mile was charged on the owner or owners of every coach or other carriage therein deferibed to be employed as publick fiage coaches: and whereas a great number af perjons, licensed by the said commissioners to ufi and keep for hire hackney coaches, regularly use and employ the fame as fiated stages to and from different towns and places in the neighbourhood of the cities of London and Weftminfter, feme of which towns and places are within and others without the weekly bills of mortality: and whereas it is olfo of great convenience to the persons residing in the said cities of London and Weftminfter, and the towns, villages, and places in the neighbourhood thereff, to be conveyed to and from the fame at an easy expense by means of filth licensed fiated Jlages under proper regulations: and whereas doubts have arifih whether, under and by virtue of the fiveral afts herein-bfibre recited, or either of them, the owners of hackney coaches, licensed by the comm miffioners for regulating and licensing hackney coaches, are liable, when employed or let out as fiage coaches for conveying passengers for hire to and from different t laces, to the annual duty of five Shillings for a licence, and the several duties of one penny and additional duty of onefenny, in the said recited afts respectively mentioned, for every mile such carriage flail travel, or to any or either of such duties: uni whereas it is expedient that such doubts flould be removed: may

don, &c. un der such regulations as the trea-fui y shall di red. '

356 Annq regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 88. [1804.

it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enafted; and be it enacted by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and com-> mons, in this prefem parliament aftembled, and by the authority Commiflion- Qf the fame. That, from and after the pafling of this aft, it shall cenf?hack'ne  *aw^ ^or commiifioners for regulating and licenfing

coaches to be hackney coaches for the time being, with the approbation and employed as under the authority of the lords-commiffioners of his Majesty's publick Rages treafury, or any three* or more of them, for the time being, to towns ^nd11 ^cen^e» authori(e, and empower such and fo many of the owners v?lbg*tin the 9^ hackney coaches licenced or to be licensed by the said Corn-neighbour- miflioners for regulating and licensing hackney coaches, as shall hood of Lon- from time to time appear to the said lords-commiftioners of the treafury, on the reprefenntion of the said comtmftioners for regulating and licensing hackney coaches, to be neceftary, to ply for hire, and to use and employ, as publick stated ftages, such their licensed hackney coaches to and from any such towns, villages, or places in the neighbourhood of and to such diftaoces from the said cities of London and Wejlminjler-axid the borough of Southwark, as well within as without the weekly bills of mortality, under and subject nevertheless to such regulations and restrictions as shall be required by the said lords-commiftioners i/i that behalf: provided always, rhat the owners or renters of such licensed hackney coaches do plainly denote and distinguish such their respective coaches to be stated stages to and from such town, village, or place for which they shall he respectively licensed as aforesaid, by painting the fame in legible characters on the door or orher conspicuous and open part of such their several ^nd respective coaches.

II. And whereas all or mojl of the owners or keepers of hackney coaches' licensed by the said commiff oners for regulating and licensing hackney coaches used and employed its Jlage coaches to and from the/aid cities of London and Weltminfter and the borough of Southwark, find the suburbs thereof have omitted to take out the annual licence required, by the said recited att of the twenty •fifth year of the reign of his present Majejly, to be taken out by those keeping coaches or other carriages employed as publick jlage coaches or carriages j and doubts have arisen whether by such omtffion they have not rendered tbemfehes liable to the penalty in the (aid recited afls mentioned \ be it therefore further enafteu and declared, That no owner or keeper of any such hackney coach or coaches, who dial) have been licensed by. .the said commissioners for regulating and licensing hackney Sage coaches epaches, shall be, or be deemed, conftrued, or taken to be under racked fgbjeft or liable to the said penalty, although he, (he, or they, aft of 35 (ball have kep‘, ufed, and employed any such hackney coach as j ^''a publick stage coach for the purpose of carrying palfengers for havered the ^*re t0 anc* ^rom different places within the distance of ten miles coaches as from the said cities of London and JVeJlminfler, and shall have let Rages within out such coach for such purpose as aforesaid, without having first obtained a licence under the hands of two of the commif-fioners for managing the duties .on (lamped vellum, parchment,

and

Such coaches to be diRin-uifhed as at>ea by painting the fame on the door.

P

R;

Licenfed owners of hackney coaches not liable to the penalty for omitting to take out licences for

10 miles of ^london and ^Tiinftcr.

1804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Gboroii III. c. 89.  357

and paper, or feme person duly authorised by them; and all per- Persons Tons again ft whom any prosecution or proceeding shall have been a*ain[* whom or lhall be laid for any such penalty, or in relation thereto, shall foain^110"* be and are hereby indemnified ; any thing contained in the said brought in-recited ads or any other ad now in force, to the contrary notwith- demnificd. (landing*

CAP. LXXXlX.

An a ft fir confirming tb$ previftons of an aft, made in Ireland in tie thirty-fecond year of bis trejent Majefiy fo far as the fame prohibits the import of malt into Ireland; and fir repealing the power given to the lord-tieutenant and council ^Ireland, by an aft of this present fijfion of parliament, prohibiting the use of oats and oatmeal in the diftiilation offpirits, in Ireland.—[July 20,1804. J

WHEREAS by an aft, made in the parliament cf Ireland in the thirty second year of the reign of his present Mayfly, intituled\ An ad tor the increase of agriculture and commerce, by IHfh ad, eftablHhing a reciprocal preference in the corn trade between this 3* Gco* 3* kingdom and Great Britain, malt is prohibited to be imported into Ireland: and whereas the said act has been attended with beneficial effefts: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enaded; and be it enacted by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembied, and by the authority of the fame. That fo much of an ad, pa fled So much of in this session of parliament, intituled. An act for granting to his^^c^ Majesty a duty upon malt made in Ireland for the year one thouf'and other ad, as eight hundred and four, and also fo much of any other ad and ads allows the im-now in force and effed, as allows, permits, or suffers the impor- port.i»ion of tation of malt into Ireland by virtue of any proclamation of the ^retard-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, pealed, or by any other authority, shall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be repealed, and null and void to ail intents and pur- • poses whatfoever.

II. And be it further enaded. That fo much of an ad, passed So much °f in this present session of parliament, intituled. An act for enabling** u.^tna-ihe lordlieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, to blest he lord-frohibit, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thufand eight bun- lieutenant to dred andfive, the diftiilation of spirits from oats or oatmeal in Ireland ; Prohibit the^ and for indemnifying such persons as have acted in advising or tarrying fo dUtUhtloii/ into execution a proclamation of the lord*licultnant and council of Ire- See. repealed. hnd,/*r prohibiting such diftiilation, as enables the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, with the advice of the privy council, to prohibit, by proclamation, the use of oats or oatmeal in the brewing, making, or fermenting any wort, wa(h, or pot ale, for making or extrading low wines or. fpirits, or inflids any penalty or forfeiture in respect of the fame, for any offence or offences committed since the first day of July one thou-fand eight hundred and four, shall be, and the lame is hereby declared tobe repealed, and null and void to all intents and pur-pofes whatfoever.

CAP.

356 Annq regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 88. [1804.

it therefore please your Majesty that it may he enaded; and be it enabled by the King's most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority Commiflion- Gf the fame. That, from and after the palling of this afi, it shall Tn^hackheyb® k^ful f°r the commissioners for regulating and licensing toadied to be hackney coaches for the time being, with the approbation and employed as under the authority of the lords-commiffioners of his Majesty's publick stages treafury, or any three or more of them, for the time being, to to and from ]icenfef authorise, and empower such and fo many of the owners ^lUg*i?nthe hackney coaches licensed or to be iicenfed by the said tom-neighbour- miflioners for regulating and licensing hackney coaches, as shall hood of Lon- from time to time appear to the said lords-commiflioners of the d°nf&h Un* trca(WY, on representation of the said commissioners for regulations regulating and licensing hackney coaches, to be neceflary, to ply as the trea- for hire, and to use and employ, as publick dated ftages, such fury shall di- their licensed hackney coaches to and from any such towns, rc&  villages, or places in the neighbourhood of and to such diftaoces

from the said cities of London and Wejlminjler -and the borough of Southwark, as well within as without the weekly bills of mortality, under and subject nevertheless to such regulations and restrictions as shall be required by the said lords-commiflioners Such coaches ip that behalf: provided always, that the owners or repters of t0 *rh  such licensed hackney coaches do plainly denote and diftinguilh

Sires by# such tl)eir respective coaches to be stated stages to and from such paintin/the town, village, or place for which they (ball be refpe$ively fame on the licensed as aforesaid, by painting the fame in legible charadcrs on the door or other conspicuous and open part of such their several «^nd respective coaches.

II. And whereas ail or mojl of the owners or keepers of hackney coaches'licenfed by the said commijftoners for regulating and licensing hackney coaches used and employed •as Jlage coaches to and from thejoiJ aties of London and Wettminfter and the borough of Southwark, find the Juburhs there'bfi have omitted to take out the annual licence required, by the said recited att of the twenty •fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty^ to be taken out by those keeping coaches or other carriages employed as publick jlage coaches or carriages j and doubts

_________ have arisen whether by such omijfion they have not rendered tbemfelves

liable to the liable to the penalty in the said recited afls mentioned5 be it therefore penalty for further ena&eu ' and declared, That no owner or keeper of omitting to any such hackney coach or coaches, who shall have been licensed cenccsfor" by.-the said commissioners for regulating and licensing hackney itage coaches Cfaches, shall be, or be deemed, conftrued, or taken to be under recited Ajbje<5t or liable to the said penalty, although he, (he, or they, adt of 25 (hau have kep% ufed, and employed any such hackney coach as lth 3'hCth,,a Pub,ick ^aJ£c coac^ f°r *he PurP°fe carrying palfcngers for have^iSfed the ^*rc t0 ant* ^om different places within the distance of ten miles coaches as from the said cities of London and JVeJlminfler, and shall have let stages within out such coach for such purpose as aforesaid, without having Lo^on*arfd °kla*ncd a licence under the hands of two of the commif-Wcftminftcr. fc>ner* f°r managing the duties .on (lamped vellum, parchment.

floor.

Licenfed owners of hackney

rnarhps not

>8&4«] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgti III. c. 89. 357

and paper, or some person duly authorised by them ; and all per- Perfons Tons again ft whom any prosecution or proceeding shall have been a^olvcution911 or shall be laid for any such penalty* or in relation thereto, (halt ^[alfhe be and are hereby indemnified ; any thing contained in the laid brought in-recited afts or any other aft now in force, to the contrary notwith- demnified. Handing*

CAP. LXXXIX.

An act for confirming the provisions of an afty made in Ireland in the thirty second year of his present Majesty fo far as the fame prohibit the import of malt into Ireland; and for repealing the fewer given to the lord-lieutenant and council ^Ireland, by an aft of this present fi/fion of parliament, prohibiting the use of oats and oatmeal in the distillation of fpirits* in Ireland.—[July 20,1804. J

WHEREAS by an aft* made in the parliament cf Ireland in the thirtyfecond year of the reign of his present Mayfly* inti• tided, An act for the increase of agriculture and commerce, by Irtfh aft; establishing a reciprocal preference in the corn trade between this Gco- 3* kingdom and Great Britain, malt is prohibited to be imported into Ireland: and whereas the said act has been attended with beneficial effefls: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enafted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and conCent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That fo much of an act, pa fled So much of in this session of parliament, intituled. An act for granting to hit  anv

Majefty a duty upon malt made in Ireland for the year one thousand other aft, as eight hundred and four, and alfo.fo much of any other aft and afts allows the im- • now in force and efFeft, as allows, permits, or suffers the impor- potion of tation of malt into Ireland by virtue of any proclamation of the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, pealed, or by any other authority, shall be, and the fame is hereby de-dared to be repealed, and null and void to all intents and pur-* * poses whatfoever.

II. And be it further cnafted. That fo much of an aft, passed So”}nch °* in this present session of parliament, intituled. An act for enabling** ,,^6 tiia-the lordlieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, to bleu the lord-frobihitj until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight bun- lieutenant to dred andfiuty the distillation of spirits from oats or oatmeal in Ireland ; andfor indemnifying such persons at have acted in advising or carrying jnVifl?nAtioii," into execution a proclamation of the lor d*k cute nan t and council of Ire* See. repealed, land,/or prohibiting such diftillationy as enables the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, with the advice of the privy council, to prohibit, by proclamation, the use of oats or oatmeal in the brewing, making, or fermenting any wort, wa(h, or pot ale, for making or extrafting low wines or. fpirits, or inflifts any penalty or forfeiture in respect of the fame, for any offence or offences committed since the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and four, shall be, and the lame is hereby declared to be repealed, and null and yoid to all intents and.pur-pofes whatfoever.

CAP.

358 Annoregni quadragefinio quartoGEORGii III. c.90,91. £1804.

CAP. XC.

Am act to continue until (even years after the patting thereof, and from thence to the end of the next fefiion of parliament, an aft. made in the parliament of Ireland in the twenty-feventh year of his present Mi-jefty, intituled, An act for the better execution of Jhe law and prefer-Vation of the peace within counties at large.—[July 20, 1804*}

CAP. XCI.

, Ah aft to permit the ijfue and negotiation of certain promijfhry rioter under a limited fum, by regiferei banters in Ireland ; and to refrain the ijfue and negotiation of certain other notes.—[July 2C, 1804.3

WHEREAS the ijfue and negotiation ofpromiffory nates, in Ire.

lander fmatljums, requires to be regulated; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majefty, by and with the advice andconfent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority PromiOorjr 0f the fame. That all promissory notes or undertakings in writing, ao^vciid/ being negociable or transferable, for any sum or sums of money less than and not exceeding twenty (hillings, or on which any •fum less than twenty shillings shall remain undifeharged, which shall bear date or to be issued in Ireland at any time after the fir ft day of Augufl one thousand eight hundred and four, shall be and the fame are hereby declared to be absolutely null and void, and not to be negociableor transferable, anything in an a St patted in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An at1 to refrain the negotiation if promissory notes and inland bills of exchange, under a limited fum, to the contrary notwithftand-ing * and the person or persons who shall issue the fame shall forfeit the sum often pounds for every such note or undertaking io issued 5 and the person or persons who shall give or take the fame in payment, after the said first day of Augufl, shall forfeit double the amount of each such note or undertaking to any person who shall sue for the fame.

II. And whereas by an aft, passed in the forty-third year of his Ma-43 Geo. 3*  Jeffs reign, intituled,  An a 61 to continue, during the restriction on

payments in ca(h by the bank of Ireland, and to amend an aft, made in the parliament of Ireland in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, *An act to restrain the negotiation of promittfory notes and inland bills of exchange unuer a limited fum;9 and also an aft* made in the parliament of Ireland in the fortieth year of his present Majesty's reign, m continue and amend the said act 5 it was enafted, that allprotnijorj or other notes or undertakings in writing, being negotiable or tranftreble, for the payment Of any sum or sums of money less than the sum sf five guineas, or on which arty sum less than Jive guineas Jhali remain undifeharged, which Jhali be made or ijfued in Ireland at any time from end after the fit ft day of January one thousand eight hundred and four, Jb ill be absolutely void and of no ejfeft, except inland bills of exchange, bank pf bills% or draughts in writing, for any sum not less than three

guineas

1804.] Anno regni quidragclimo quarto GabRoil III. c. 91.  359

guineas, which Jball he ijfued under and by virtue of the said recited

ad of the thirty-ninth year of his present Majeftfs reign. which faid

aft was suspended by an aft faffed in this prefentJejfton of parliament

until theprft day of Auguft One thousand eight hundred and ftmr,fo

far as is therein mentioned$ be it therefore enafted^ That nothing ^teiu“™sr

contained in this aft, or in any aft or afts in force in Ireland, by”**

(hall extend to prevent any promiflory or other note or under- gifterrd bank-

taking in writing, (lamped according to law, and drawn or issued «rs before

by any registered banker or bankers, for payment of any sum mayt*iwE<£

lefs than five guineas, and bearing date and issued before the first c^d tin s

day of Auguft one thousand eight hundred and four, from being jan. x, 1805.

negotiated and transferred by any person lintil the first day of

January one thousand eight hundred and five, and no longer, or '

to subject such person to any penalty for fo doing; and if any Penalty on

banker (hall, after the first day of Oftoher one thousand eight hun- !>*n.lccri

dred and four, te-ifliie or suffer to be re-iffued any such note or notee^fter

undertaking in writing, drawn or issued before the said first day october i,

of Auguft one thousand eight hundred and four, such banker, or 1804.

other person or persons in his, her, or their behalf, re-ifluing or

caufing the fame to be re-iflued as aforesaid, (hall, for every (uch

note or undertaking in writing fo re-iflfued, forfeit the Turn of  .

ten pounds 5 and if any person (hall, after the said first day of  gkmg qf

January one thousand eight hundred and five, give or take in taking them

payment any such note or'Undertaking in writing, he or (he (lull in payment

forfeit double the value of the said note or undertaking in writing*  1*

to the person who shall sue for the fane.  1

III.  And be it further cnafted, That all penalties impofedand Penaltiestobe

appointed by this aft, or any aft or afts in force in Ireland, re-  ^

fpefting the iftuing, re-ifluing, negotiating, or transferring pro-

miflory or other notes or undertakings in writing for any futn less than five guineas, whatever may be the amount thereof, shall be recovered by such person as shall sue for the fame by civil bill* or before any justice of the peace, if such penalty shall not exceed forty shillings on the oath of one credible witnefs; and every justice of the peace is hereby empowered, in cale of nonpayment thereof, to issue his warrant to levy the fame by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the offender.

IV.  Provided always,and be it enafted. That nothing in this £1^ ^Vhe*** aft contained shall extend or be conftru&d to extend to the go- bank of Ire- -vernor and company of the bank of Ireland\ nor to any inland land, nor to bill of exchange, bank post bill, or draft in writing for any sum any bill of not less than three guineas, which shall or may be issued under

the said recited aft of the thirty-ninth year of his Majesty's reign, ]e{£than three subject nevertheless to the regulations and restrictions in the said guineas, aft contained.

V.  And be it further enacted, That this aft maybe amended, Aft may^be altered, or repealed, by any aft or afts to be passed in this prefent

fclSon of parliament.

C A P,

360  Annoregni qtiadragefimoquarto Georg 11 III. c.92.  £ 1804.

CAP. XCII.

An act to render more eajy the apprehending, and bringing to trial, offenders escaping from one part of the United Kingdom to the other, and also from one county to another.—[July 20, 1804.]

WHEREAS it frequently happens that perfons, against ivbciti warrants are granted by justices of peace for thefeveral counties and places in Ireland, escape into other counties or places, out of the ju-tifdiftion of the justices of peace granting such warrants; and it may also frequently happen^ that persons having committed offences in feme county or place in Ireland, may reftde or be in some other county or place out of the jurisdiction of the justice or justices of the county or place in which such offence was committed, whereby such offenders may or will eaftly avoid being punifbedfor the offences wberewtth they are charged; bqit therefore enacted by the King's most excellent onajefty, by arid with the advice and consent of thc*lords fpirirual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and Where per- by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the first day fema,  Auguft one thousand eight hundred and four, in cafe any per*

rant™havc* ^on> against whom a warrant (ball be issued by any justice or been iffued, justices of the peace of any county, city, liberty, town, or place, within Ireland, shall efcape, go into, reiide, or be, m any other county, city, liberty, town, or place, out of the jurisdiction of the justice or justices granting such warrant as aforesaid, it shall and j'ufticca oTtbt may be lawful for any jflftice or justices of the peace for the county where county, city, liberty, town, or place, where such person shall fhSl ™d*ri c®:aPc» 8° *nto> tefide, or be, and such justice dr justices is and are the wairants hereby required upon proof being tftade upon oath of the hand-for the exe- writing of the justice or justices granting such warrant, to indorse cution. his or their name or names on such warrant, which indorsement shall be a sufficient authority to the person or persons bringing such warrant, and to all other persons to whom such warrant was Originally directed, to execute such warrant in the county, city, liberty, town, or place, where the fame was indorfed, and to apprehend and carry such offender or offenders before the justice who indorsed such warranr, or before some other justice or justices of such other county, city, liberty, town, or place, where Where often, such warrant was indorfed; and in cafe the offence for which Cw *^0^" such offender shall be apprehended shall be bailable in law, and tata bliL fuc^ °ffcn<^er he willing and ready to give bail for his or ^  their appearance at the next assizes or general gaol delivery, or

next general quarter-feffions of the peace to be held in and for the county, city* liberty, town, or place, where the offence was committed, such justice or justices by whom such warrant was indorfed, or such other justice before whom any such offender or offenders shall be brought, shall and may proceed with such of fender or offenders, and take bail for his or their appearance at the next assizes or general gaol delivery, or at the next general quartet-feifions of the peace to be held in and for the county, city,

liberty,

efcape into another' county in Ireland, the

i8o4*] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 92. 361

liberty, town, or place, where such offence was committed, in the fame manner as the justices of the peace of the proper county, city, liberty, town, or place, (hould or might have done in such proper county, city, liberty, town, or place; and the justice or justices fo taking bail as aforesaid, shall deliver the recognizance, together with the examination or confession of such offender or offenders, and all other proceedings relating thereto, had before such juftice, to the constable or other officer or officers, or person or persons fo apprehending such offender or offenders as afore-bid, who are hereby required to receive the fame, and to deliver over such recognizance, examination, or other proceedings to the clerk of the crown or cleric of the peace of the county, city, liberty, town, or place, where such offender or offenders is or are required to appear by virtue of such recognizance; and such recognizance, .examination, and confession refpdtively, shall be as good and effeflual in law to all intents and purposes, and of the fame force and validity, as if the fame had been entered into, taken, or acknowledged, before a justice or juftices-of the peace in and for the proper county, city, liberty, town, or places where the offence was committed, and the fame proceedings shall be had thereon ; and in cast any conftable, officer, or other person to whom such recognizance, examination, confeffion, or other proceedings (ball be delivered as aforesaid, shall refuse or negle<£t to deliver over the fame-ro the clerk of the crown or clerk of the peace of the county, city, liberty, town, or place, where such offender is required to appear by virtue of such recognizance, such conftable, officer, or other perfon, shall forfeit the sum of five pounds Irijb currency, to be recovered against him by bill, civil bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Ma« jefty's courts of record in Irelandt by any person or persons who will prosecute or fuefor the fame, wherein no effoign, prote&ion, or wager of law, shall be allowed, nor more than one imparlance; and in cafe the offence for which such offender or offenders shall be apprehended and taken in manner aforesaid, shall not be bailable in law, or such offender or offenders shall not give bail foi* his or their appearance at the next affixes or general gaol delivery, or next general quarter-feffions of the peace to be held in and for the county, city, liberty, town, or place, where the offence was committed, to the satisfaction of the justice before whom such offender or offenders shall be brought, then and in such cafe the conftable, officer, or other person lo apprehending such offender or offenders, shall carry and convey such offender or offenders before one of his Majesty's justices of peace of the proper county, city, liberty, town, or place, where such offence was committed, there to be dealt with according to law.

II. And be it further ena&cd,- That no action of trefpafs, false Juftices in-

imprifonment, or indi&ment, or other a&ion, dial) be brought,

-r.  *  r  ,  .  r  r  .*  '  rantsnot uaoie

lued, commenced, or prosecuted by any person or persons what- to aeVion.

foever, against the justice or justices who.(hall indorse such

warrant, for of by reason of his or their indorfir.g such'warrants

provided always, that such person or persons shall be at liberty

<  *  to

$6z Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Geojrgii III. c. 92. [1804.

to bring or prosecute his or their action or fuit again!) the justice or justices who originally granted such warrant, in the fame manner as such person or persons might have done in cafe this alt had not been made.

III.  And whereas it may frequently happen that felons and ether nthlefaftors, in that part of the united kingdom collect Ireland, make their escape into that part of the united kingdom called Great Britain, as also that felons and other malefafiors in then part of the united kingdom called Great Britain may make their escape into that part of the united kingdom called Ireland, whereby their cf* fences often remain unpunijhed, there being no sufficient provifun, h the laws now in force in Great Britain and Ireland refptftiveljy for apprehending such offenders and transmitting them into that pert sf the United Kingdom in which their offences were committed: for

^^pin^from r£me(ty thereof, be it further ensiled. That, from and after Ireland into the first day of Augujl one thousand eight hundred and four, if Great Britain any person or persons agrinft whom a warrant shall be ifliied by roayl*aP- any of the judges of his Majesty's court of King's-bench, or and conveyed anY ju^ce °Y?r a°d terminer or gaol delivery, or any jurtice to Ireland 5 or just ices of the peace or other person having authority toiilue the fame within Ireland, for any crime or offence against the laws in force in Ireland, shall efcape, go into, refide, or be in any place in England or Scotland refpe&ively, it shall and may be lawful for any justice of the peace of the county, ftewartry, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, in England ot Scotland refpeclively, whither or. where such person or persons shall efcape, go into, refide, or be, to indorse his name on such j warrant, which warrant fo indorsed shall be a sufficient autho- I rity to the person or persons bringing such warrant, and to a!! persons to whom such warrant was originally directed, and also to all constables or other peace-officers of the county, ftewartr;, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, where such warrant shall be fo indorfed, to execute the said warrant in ih* county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, where it I is fo indorfed, by apprehending the person or persons agaim: whom such warrant is granted, and to convey him, her, or them by the mod direlt way into Ireland, and before one cf the justices of the peace of the county in Ireland, living rear I the place and in the county where he, (he, or they shall arrive and land ; which justice of the peace is hereby required to pro* ceed with regard to such person or persons as if the said person or persons had been legally apprehended in the said county in Ireland.

IV.  Andy for remedy of the Hie inconvenience by the escape inn I and offenders Ireland of persons guilty of crimes in England or Scotland rtfpic* efcapingfrom lively, be it further eaalted, That, from and after the first day of Great Britain Augujl one thousand eight hundred and four, if any person or tnay he*appre- Pcr^ons agfunft whom a warrant shall be iflueJ by any of the | headed and judges of his Majcftv's court of KingVbench, or of the courts of , conveyed back great sessions in IValcSy or any juirice of oyer and terminer or j in like man. gaol delivery, or anyjuftice or justices of the peace of any county, j

[804.] Anno regni quadfagefimo quarto Georgxi III. c.92. 363

lewartry, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, within ingland or Scotland refpe&ively, or other person having authority,

0 ifliie the fame within England or Scotland rcfpe&itfely, for any Time or offence against the laws of England or Scotland refpcc-ivcly,fhallefcape, go into, refide, or be in any place of that part if the united kingdom called Ireland, it fhali and may be lawful or any justice of the peace of the county or place in Ireland,

/hither or where such person or persons shall efcape, go into, or efide or be, to inaorfe his name on such warrant, which war-ant fo indorsed shall be a sufficient authority to the person or >erfons bringing such warrant, and to all persons to whom such warrant was originally directed, and also to all Iheriffs' officers, anftables, and other peace-officers of the county or place in Ireland where such warrant shall be fo indorfed, to execute the aid warrant in the county or place in Ireland where it is fo in-lorfed, by apprehending the person or persons against whom uch warrant may be granted, and to convey him, her, or them,

>y the most dircdl way into England or Scotland refpe&ively, and before one of the justices of peace of the county or ftewartry, in Inland or Scotland refpcdlively, living near the place and in the :ounty where he, (he, or they shall arrive and land, which justice )f peace is herebyauthorifed and required to proceed with regard 0 such person or persons as if such person or persons had been egally apprehended in the said county or ftewartry of England or fatland refpedHvely.

V.  And be it further ena&ed. That the expence of removing Expence of mfoners as aforesaid to any place in England, Scotland, and /re- removal of and refpe&ively, shall be repaid to the person defraying the feme tobedd^aycJ >y the treasurer of the county in England or Ireland refpe&ively,

>r by the (heriff or stewart depute, or substitute of. the county or lewartry in Scotland, in which the crime was committed, the iniount of such expence being previously afeertained by an ac-:ounr thereof verified upono^th before two of the justices of the ftce of such county or ftewarty, and allowed and signed by them j md such treafurer, (heriff, or stewart depute, or fubftitute, shall >e allowed such payments in their respective accounts.

VI.  And be it further ena&ed, That the treasurers of the fe- Treafurers of era! counties in Ireland, who have paid the amount of any such j^jand^be ixpences fo afeertained as aforesaid, ffaall lay the said account, to- re?mburfcrt [ether with the allowance-of the fame fo signed as aforesaid, before their expen-he grand juries of their respective counties, at the assizes holden cea by grand or such counties next after such expences shall be paid, or at any juries, ubfcqusnt assizes j and it shall be lawful for such grand juries

md they are hereby respectively required to present a sum equal 0 the amount of such expence, to be raised from the country at !*ge*for the purpose of reimburfihg such treafurers.

VII.  And whereas it frequently happens, that persons having(loUn >r otherwise feloniously taken away money, cattle, goods, or other effefts, n m cf the parts of the said United Kingdom, carry the fame into instber part f thefaid United Kingdom, and there have the said money, aitUy goods, or other ejfifls, in their pojpjfwn or cu/hdy $ and doubts

364 Anno regni quadragefitno quarto GeORgm III. c. 93. [1804

mdy be entertained whether they could be indifled and tried is that for of the United Kingdom where /uch offenders have the said money ^ cattle goodly and other effefis in their pojpffton or cuflodjy as the origins offence was not committed in such part cf the said United Kingdom ; h Offenders  it therefore further enabled and declared. That, from and after tb

ereaping with first day Qf Jugujl one thousand eight hundred and four, if aij ma^bc^cd Per^on or Pcrf°ns having stolen or otherwise felooioufly taka in*lf)e place money, cattle, goods, or other effeAs, in any one of the parts a where the the said United Kingdom, shall afterwards have the fameraonej fame shall be goods, chattels, or other effeAs, or any part thereof, in his, ha; found. or their possession or cuftody, in any other part of the United Kingdom, it shall and may be lawful to indiA, try, and punift such person or perfons, for theft or larceny, in that part of tfc United Kingdom where he, (he, or they shall fo have such money cattle, goods, or orher effeAs, in his, her, or their pofftflion at cuftody, as if the said money, cattle, goods, or other effeAs, hd been stolen in that part of the United Kingdom. .

Perfons re- VIII. And be it further cnaAed, That if any person or period ceiving such in anyone of the parts of the United Kingdom shall hereafter re ft°be t8>d * ceivc or kaVc any catt*c> g°°d$* or other effeAs, stolen or other-the place m w'^c Wonioufly taken in any other part of the United Kingdom^ where they knowing the fame to have been stolen or otherwise feiooiouty receive the  taken, every such person or persons shall be liable to be inditfdU

k®6  tried, and punilhed for such offence in that part of the Uniid

Kingdom where he, (he, or they shall fo receive or have thefaid| cattle, goods, or other effeAs, in the fame manner to all iniett and purposes as if the said cattle, goods, or other effeAs, bad bca originally stolen or otherwise feloniously taken, in that part of the United Kingdom in which such person shall fo received have such cattle, goods, or other effects refpcAively.

CAP. XCIil,

An aA for granting to his Majesty a (urn of money to be railed by lot* teries*—[July so, 1804*]

Treafury may contraA with persons for three lotteries, not to nett1.* the whole 80,000 tickets, for iuch sums and fubjeA to such ieguljtww«i shall be ftipulatcd. Cafhlcr to give security for the money paid into tw Bank for such lotteries. Treafury empowered to apply the money pd into the exchequer by the cafhier. Treafury to retain the money ti?cc !jr towards payment of the fortunate tickets, and one third of the f»ir^ (lull be applied to the services of Ireland 800,000/. shall be diritWd tt* prizes, and pud out of the fuppties granted this iUGon. Min ago* at dirtAors of the lotteries shall be appointed by the treafury. MctW* the lottery books. Managers to examine the books with the tickets. aii deliver them to the cafhiers of the Bank, taking a receipt for the furr; Cafbiers to return the books with the undisposed tickets, and amount d money received and paid in. Undifpofed tickets to be delivered into iu exchequerr Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up and f ilb nd with thread and (ilk; and cut off indent wife into a box marked witn tx letter (A) j and put into another box to be locked up and felled Bccu to he prepared for the lotteries with two columns, on each ofwhkhtu number of tickets are to be printed. The number and value of tix timate tickets to he diftinguilhed. Tickets in the outennoft columM<j the Ult-mentipnrd bonks to be rolled up and tied, and cur off into a m marked with the letter <B), &c. Notice to be given of putting the Ukd

1804.] Anno regnl quadrngefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 92 * 3^5

nto the boxes. Notice to be given of thedrawing. Method to be ohfcrved 3 drawing, Arc. Lift of the tickets of each day's drawing to be printed.

) 1/putt9 to be adjufteri by the managers. Forging tickets felony. Mana* m to be fworn. Caihier may receive the Aims fubfetibgd, giving a note sr the fan e which shall entitle the bearer to tickets lo the amount of t:.e jms fo paid. Caihier at the times appointed to deliver tickets not tx-ecding in value half of the sum actually fubferibed, and shall give receipts ir the relidue. Contributors not making good their payments within k times limited, forfeit their depofit*; and the tickets to be returned to ttmanager*. Treafury may reward the manors. Sec. as they think fit.

00,000/. for the payment ot the fortunate tickets to be charged on any tppiics granted this feffion, and shall be paid to the proprietors without &jr deduction, within two months after the conciulion of the drawing, &c.

Ungers to give notice of the time for exchanging tickets for certificates* crtmcites to be numbered. See. Treafury to defray the incidental exr (lets attending the execution of this aft. No fte to be taken for re» riving or paying contribution-monies, for receipts, Scc. on penalty of pA No peribns to take down the numbers of the tickets at the time of rawing unless employed as a clerk by the managers or licensed fo to do.

Worn fo licensed to receive from the ftamp-office numerical books, rhich shall be (tamped on every leaf. Commiffioners of damp-duties to rutfuch licences only on account of Hcenfed lottery -office s. Five pounds tnaity on unliceofed persons taking down or publifiutig the numbers of Lkcts drawn. See. On complaint the magiitraUs of London may grant mints for apprehending offenders. Perfons in the actual commiliioq Fluch offence may be apprehended by any person and carried befo e a ugiftrate who may commit the offender if penalty be not paid. Fifty roods penalty on peribns (ummoned as witnelfes not appearing, Arc. oouniinoners for damps in England and commissioners appointed in trend shall grant licences for lottery offices on payment of duty. Licence > continue in force until the expiration of the drawing of the lotteries, lo licence) to be granted for any lottery-office within the univeriities of fcfonl and Cambridge. Licenfed perrons in Great Britain shall deposit ad divide in (hares 30 tickets in each of the three lotteries or licence ull be void, Sec. Licenfed persons to have the words " Licenfed to deal 1 Lottery Tickets,0 on the front of their (hop, or forfeit 10/. Perfons eeping an office contrary to licence shall forfeit 100/. Perfons to whom etnees ire granted to give security by bond. Commiffioners of ltarnps nil not be required to grant a licence for dealing in lottery-tickets unless shall appear that the party is able to answer the penalty and deposited 3 tickets. Executors, Arc. may be authorised to carry on bulinefs for the fidut of the term of licences.' Perfons convicted of offences shall fors eit leir licence. Perfons counterfeiting licences or uling such as are coun-rfeitfhall forfeit 500/./ Lottery-offices not to open before eight of the ock in the morning, nor after eight ot the clock in the evening, under malty of 50/* No chances of any tickets for any less time titan the whole meof drawing (hallbe fold, or insurance made for or azainft the drawing Fany tickets nor shall any person publish any propofaT for such purpoie 1 penalty of 50/. No ticket to be divided into any other (hires than lives, quarters, eighths, and fixteenths, on oenalty of 50/. Peribns coun-rtriting (hares guilty of felony. Commiffioners of (tamps (lull eftablilh 1 office in London or Weftminffer for the deposit of tickets intended to i fold is (bares. Receiver-general\to giye a receipt for the (ante, which all not be transferable. Books shall be kept by the receiver for registering ch tickets which may be inspected on paying zd Receiver general (halt r paid id. for every (hare into which the ticket depoiited fhaH be divided, erfoos ftHiqg (hares other wife than on stamped paper shall forfeit 50/. • ickets fo depoiited in Great Britain or Ireland for the purpoie of being •Id in (hares lhall continue in poflelfion of the receiver general for the rriods mentioned. Application of the fees received at the ttamp-office 1 Great Britain, and money received on account ot licences to keep fttery-offioes in Ireland. Perfons preparing or having in their custody iy register or lift of tickets but as mentioned, or keeping any place for ami mug tickets by any other than such lifts, lhall forfeit $/. On complaint

366. Annoregni quadragefimoquarto'GEORGii III. c.94,95. [1804.

plaint on oath of offences a^ainft 17 Geo. 3. c. 1. whereby the parties rray he liable to punifhmmt as rogues. Juftictrs may autnorife persons i«> break open houfes. &c. Perfons difeovered in such houses concerned in carrying on illegal transactions to be punilhed as rogues. Penalty on per. fons obftrutting officers. Perfons employing or aiding others to c*nv oa such illegal transactions to be deemed rogues and vagabonds. Manner is which anions for penalties shall be commenced. Where the amount of penalties sued for is not inserted in writs, the defendant to be served virk a copy of the procefa, &c. Offenders arfju !gtd rogues and vagahondi may be committed. Proceedings not removable by certiorari. GeoeraJ iflue. Treble colts.

CAP. XC1V.

An oft to explain an aft of the present section of parliament % for c;n-fclidating and amending the provisions of the several asti relating :s corps of yeomanry and volunteers in Great Britain, fi far as rt-fpefts the accounting for monies received by volunteer officers,— [July 28, 1804.3

WHEREAS by an aft\ passed in the present fejfian of perils men^ intituled^ An act to coufolidate and amend the pro-vifiops of the several ads relating to corps of yeomanry and volunteers in Great Britain) and to make further regulations relating thereto, certain sums of money are dir eft ed to be paid to the commuting or other officers of or persons belonging to corps or troops or comp* vies of yeomanry and volunteersy in the several Cafes in the said aRjpt-cified) to be by such officers or other persons paid9 applied and «-counted fory in the manner and for the purposes therein direfted: novr, be it enacted and declared by the King's most excellent majefty. Officers, &c. by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and tem-deemcd*pub- P°raU and commons, in this present parliament afleaabled, and lick account" kv the authority of the fame, That no officer or other person beams on ac- longing to any corps or troop or company of yeomanry or volun-countof mo- teers, shall be deemed a publick accountant or fub-accoununt, Sndcrredtcd ^Y reaf°n of any monies which have been ifTued or shall be aCt> 1  imied to, or received by him, by virtue of the said recited a&

CAP. XCV.

An act to amend certain provisions of an al7, made in the forty-tliri year of his present Majesty, to enable his Majesty to provide forth defence and security of the realm) which respect the pur chafe ofloots and hereditaments for the publick fervice.—[July 28, 1804.]

WHERE AS by an aft, passed in theforty-third year of hi* prefect Majesty'$ reign, intituled, An act to enable his Majesty more effectually to provide for the defence and security of the realm during the present war, and for indemnifying persons who may suffer in their property by such measures as may be necefliry for that purpose, provision is made for the taking of ground wonted fir the puplick fervice, and for putting his Majesty into pofjefpen thereof, andfor afeertaining the competition to be made far the poffej/io* or use thereof during the time for which the fame may be requiredfor tU

fubliii

*3 Geo. 3. c.jj.

iSo4-] Annoregni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c.95.

367

f ah lidfrr vice: and whereas doubts have ariftn whether the said provi-fm of the said act extends to the purchaftng or taking any lands or here-d;:aments for permanent purposes j and it is expedient that such doubts Jhould be removed, and that provision Jhould be made for enabling his Majesty to pur chafe and take any lands or hereditaments necejfary for the erecting of fortifications, batteries, lines > and other military works cr barracks, military hospitals, and other buildings necejfary for the pub lick service in the defence of the realm ; be it therefore enacted by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and co.ifent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority or the fame,

That the said recited provision of the said adl of the forty third Provifion in year of his present Majesty's reign shall be and the fame is recited aft hereby repealed, save and except as to any cominillion or com- ground*for millions before the palling of this act granted by his Majesty, or the publiek the lieutenant or other chief governor of Ireland, to any general service repeal-officer or officers, or other person or perfons, under the said but provision of the said recited a<St.

II.  And be it further cnadted. That every such commifiion commissions granted by his Majcfty, or the lieutenant or chief governor of

Ireland, before the palling of this a&, shall be and continue in ^continuein force for the purposes of this adt; and all such general officers force, and other persons in the said comraiffion or commissions named shall and may adi in the execution of this adi, in like manner as if such commifiion or commissions had been granted after the passing thereof,

III.  And be it further ena&ed. That it shall be lawful for his His Majesty,

Majefty, or for the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or  fr

governors of Ireland for the time being in Ireland, from time to fons to furvey

time to authorise any general officer or officers, or other person and mark out

or persons commiftioned for that purpose, to survey and mark lands, and

out any lands or grounds wanted for the publiek fervice, and to trtat w!!h £* P, ,  tr  7  r  owners tor the

treat and agree with the owner or owners thereof, or any person absolute pur-

or'perfons interested therein, either for the absolute purchase phafc thereof.

thereof for the publiek fervice, or for the possession or ufe

thereof, during such time as the exigence of the publiek fervice

(hall require.

IV.  And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies polf-bodies politick or corporate, ecclesiastical or civil, and all

feoffees or trustees for charitable or other publiek purposes, and such for all tenants for life and tenants in tail, and for the hufbands, lands, Sc guardians, truftees, committees, curators, or attornies of , such of the owners or proprietors of, or persons interested in any such lands or hereditaments required for the publiek fervice, as shall be fences covert, infants, lunaticks, idiots, or persons beyond the feas, or otherwise incapable of acting for themfelves, to contract and agree with such general officer or officers, or other person or perfoos authorised as aforesaid, either for the absolute sale of such lands or hereditaments, or for the grant of any leafe, either . , for any term of years certain therein, or for such period as the exigence Qf the public); service shall require, and to convey,

furrender.

Aft not to affctt proceedings under recited «&, in relation to any ground re-

Anno regni quadragcfimo quarto Georgii HI. c. 95. [1804.

furrendcr, demife, or grant the fame to such general officer or officers, or other person or perfons, in trust for his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefl'ors, accordingly; and all such contracts; files, conveyances, furrenders, leal'es, and agreements, shall be valid and cffeftual in law to all intents and purposes whatfoever.

V.  Provided always, and be it further cnafted, That nothing in this aft contained ('hall extend, os be construed to extend, to affect or annul any proceedings that may have been had, or that may be now pending, under the said recited aft, in relation to any ground required for the publick fefVicc, or to extend to any contraft or agreement made before the patting of this ad in

the relation to any such ground otherwise than for thepurpofeof publick fer* ...  j  'I

vice, Scc.

In default of treating, or where the

applying the powers and provisions thereof to the enabling ail parties thereto to carry the fame into effeft, in cafe such powers shall be neceffary,

VI.  And be it further enacted, That in cafe any such bodies or o her persons hereby authorised to contraft on behalf of .  themselves  or  others as afcrefaid, or any other person or perfoiw

■a^eeTtiie n<>t interested in any such lands or hereditaments which shall befo

perfons authorised by his Majesty may require two just ices,

&c. to put his Majelty's officers in pofleffion.

Jury to be

marked out and surveyed for the publick fcrvice, fhalJ, for the space of fourteen days next after notice in writing fubferibed by such general officer, or other person authorised as aforesaid, fhi'I have been given to the principal officer or officers of any such body; or to such other persons hereby authorised to contra&on behalf of others, or interetted themselves as aforesaid, or left at his, her, or their usual place of abode, refuse or decline to treat or agree, or by reason of absence shall be prevented fioo treating or agreeing with such general officer or other person authorised as aforesaid, or shall refuse to accept such sum of money as shall be offered by such officer or other perfon, as the cooperation for the abfolure purchase of such lands and hereditaments, or such annual rent or sum as shall be offered for the hire thereof, cither for a time certain, or for such period as the exigence of the publick service may require, then and in such cafe it shall be lawful for such general officer or other perfon, fo authorised by his Majesty, or by such lord-lieutenant or chief governor as aforesaid, to require two or more juftice* of the peace, or three or more deputy-lieutenants (one of whom shall be a joffice of the peace) or two or more deputy-governors for the county, riding, ftewartry, city, or place, where such lands or hereditaments shall be, to put his Majesty's officers into immediate possession of such lands or hereditaments, which such juftices, or deputy-lieutenants or deputy-governors, are hereby required to do, and shall for that purpose issue their warrant under their hands and feals, commanding possession to be !o delivered; and shall also issue their warrants to' the fheriffofthe

fummoned to county, riding, ftewartry, city, or place, wherein such lands or value the  hereditaments shall be fituate, to summon a jury; and every such

premifes.  (heriff is hereby authorised and required to summon amd return

a jury, properly qualified, of the number of twenty-four, and in the manner required by the laws of England, Intend, and Suik*d i  refpeflively,

1804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 95.  369

refpe&ively, who {ball meet at some convenient time and place to be mentioned in such fupunons, out of whom a jury of twelve shall be drawn, in such manner as juries for the trial of HTues joined in his Maiefty's courts at Wejlnunjler and, Dublin are drawn by law in England and Ireland refpedtively, and in such manner as juries are drawn by law for the trial of offences in Scotland and in cafe a sufficient number shall not appear, the said (heriff shall choose others of the bye-ftanders, or that can speedily be procured, being qualified as aforesaid, and the said jurymen may be challenged by the parties bn either fide, but not the array; and the said juftices, deputy-lieutenants, or governors refpedively, may funrmon witnefles, and adjourn any such meeting, if jurymen or witnesses do not attend; and the jury, on hearing any wknefles and evidence that may be pro* duced, (hall, on their oaths (which oaths, as also the oaths of such witnefles, the said juftices, deputy-lieutenants, or governors, refpedively, are hereby empowered and required to adminifler), find the compenfation, to be paid either for the absolute purchase of such lands or hereditaments, or for the possession or use thereof, as the cafe may be.

VII.  Provided always, and be it further cna&ed. That if any ApPcaJ ma3r such officer or officers, for wbofe department of publick service fhe'cour^of such lands or hereditaments shall have been taken, or any person exchequer, interested therein, shall be difiatisfied with the verdiA of any &c. if either such jury, it shall be lawful for them or their attornies, in Eng- P*^y « dif-land and Ireland* to apply to the court of exchequer at Wejbmnfter [he v^ia^of or Dublin refpe&ively, in the term next, and, in Scotland, to the jury* apply, within fourteen days after the finding any such verdiS, to the court of session in Scotland in time of feffion, or lord ordinary on the bills in, time of vacation, and to fugged to the said courts or lord ordinary refpelUvely, that they have reason to be dif-(atisfied with such verdift, and forthwith give notice thereof to the officer or party (as the cafe may be) and thereupon, in Eng-land mi Ireland\ the proceedings that shall have been had, and the verdi& of such jury, shall be returned into the said courts of exchequer refpe&ively; and if it shall appear to the said courts to be proper, such suggestion shall be entered on such proceedings as aforesaid, and a writ shall thereupon, by rule of such court, or order of any judge of such court, be dircded to the fherifFof At county where such lands or hereditaments shall lie, or if the (ame shall lie in two counties, to the (heriff of either of such counties, to summon either a common or special jury, according to the application that shall have been made in that behalf, and ss the court or as such judge shall allow, and who shall refpec* lively be qualified according to law, to appear before the said justice or justices of aifize or nisi prius of that county, at the next assizes or fittings of nisi prius, if the fame shall not happen (boner than twenty-one days after such fuggeftion, otherwise at the next succeeding assizes or fittings; and The compensation to be paid either for the absolute purchafe, or for the possession or use of such lands or hereditaments (as the cafe (ball be) (hall, at Vol. XLV.  B a  such

37° Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 95. (1804,

* such affixes or fittings* be ascertained by such jury, in like manner as any damages may be inquired of upon any inquisition or inquiry of damages, by any jury* before any judge of assize or tiifi prius, and the verdict of such jury shall be returned to the said court of exchequer, and shall be final and conclufive; and in Scotland, if it shall appear proper to the said court of session or lord ordinary, upon such application fo to do, the said court or lord ordinary shall order and direft the (herifF of the county where such lands pr hereditaments shall lie, or if the fame £ball lie in two counties, to the (herifF of either of such counties, to summon another jury in the manner in which juries are fum-moned in Scotland) properly qualified according to law, to appear before the lords or lord of judiciary at the next circuit, if the fame shall not happen sooner than twenty-one days after such application, otherwise at the next succeeding circuit, and the compensation as aforesaid for the lands or hereditaments (as the fcafe shall be) shall at such circuit be afeertained by a jury drawn from the jury summoned as aforesaid, in such manner as juries are drawn in Scotland, under the direction of the said lords or lord of judiciary aforesaid $ and the verdict of such lad-mentioned jury shall be final and conclufive, without being subject to review or challenge of any kind, unless the court that shall have allowed such inquiry shall think fit, on any application made within four days after the commencement of the succeeding term or fefiion, if in Scotland) to order any new trial in relation thereto.

Jury may VIII. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That it shall wooorfiM to ^ for any jury impannelled before any judice of the peace be paid out of or magidrate or deputy-lieutenant or deputy governor, or before compeoration any judge of assize or niji prius, to afeertain the compensation to f°dTlal1  Pa^ ^or any *an<*s or ^crc^*taments under this aft, and they

knees, dec.  are |lcrcby required to afeertain and fettle the proportion to be

paid out of such compenfation, to any persons having any intered as lessees or tenants at will or otherwise in any such lands or he* reditaments, and the proportion to be paid out of such compensation shall be returned on the verditf: provided alfo, that where any such inquiry before any judge of assize or nijipriys (ball he had on the application of any such leflee*or tenant at will, or other person having any inferior intered in any such lands or hereditaments who mav have been dissatisfied with the proportion of compensation fettled by the jury to be paid in respect of such intered, it shall not be lawful for the jury in any such cafe to alter the amount of the entire compensation awarded by any former verdict to be paid for futh lands or hereditaments, but only the proportion thereof to be paid to the person or persons having fc-parate interests therein; and it shall not be lawful for any jury on any inquiry had before any judge of assize or nisi prius9 as to any such compenfation, on the application of any such officer as a*ore-faid, in any cafe in which the whole compensation awarded by them shall be the fame as the whole compensation awarded by the former jury, to alter the proportion that shall have been fettled by any such former jury as to any separate intcrelh in any such lands or hereditaments.

IX. Prc-

1804O Anno regni quadragefimb qbarrd Georgii III. c. 95. 371

IX.  Provided alfo, and be it further enadied, That it shall be Court to lawful for the court, or judge, or lord-ordinary, making any such require the rule or order, to require that the party* on whose application the P*rtyto fc,ve fame shall be made, shall give such security as (hall, to such y or court* judge, or lord«ordinary, seem proper for payment of cods,

under such circumstances as (nail be specified in any rule or order made for that purpose.

X.  Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Lands not to lands or hereditaments shall be fo taken for the publick service be taken for without the consent of the owner or owners thereof, or of any the publick such person or persons as aforesaid, adiing for or on the behalf of

the owner or owners thereof, unless the necessity or expediency of owners, taking the fame shall be first certified by the lord-lieutenant, or unleft in ccr* two of the deputy lieutenants, or by the governor or two deputy tain cafes, governors of the county, riding, ftewartry, city, or place, in which such lands or hereditaments lie, or unless the enemy shall have adhially invaded the United Kingdom at the time when such lands or hereditaments shall be fo taken.

XI.  And be it further enacted, That in ail cafes where any Ere^|onaon

lands or hereditaments shall have been taken under the said pro- lands, taken vision of the said recited adt, or shall be taken under the proyinons for a tempo-of this adt, for any term of years, or for such period only as the ray puiiwfe* exigency of the publick service shall require, it shall be lawful for  ***

his Majesty's officer or officers, or other person or persons fo au- lands are re-thorifed as aforesaid, in the departments of publick service for the stored to the use of which such lands or hereditaments shall have been taken, owner, and

at any time before the possession thereof shall be delivered up to the jhajj^£*de owner or owners thereof,or other person or persons acting on his, for the injury her,or their behalf, to take down and remove all such buildings or done, other eredtions which,(hall or may have been built or eredteef thereon, for the publick fervice, after the fame was fo taken as aforesaid, and to carry away the materials thereof, making such compensation to the owner or owners of such lands or hereditaments, or other person or persons adding on his, her, or their behalf, for the damage or injury which may have been done thereto, or to the foil thereof, by the eredtion of any such buildings, or otherwife, in consequence of the fame having been occupied for the publick fervice, as such officer or other person or persons au* thorifed as aforesaid shall think reafonable, and as shall be agreed Upon in that behalf; and if such owner or owners, or other per- jn ^

Ion or persons acting on his, her, or their behalf, shall not be difagreement, Stilling to accept the compensation fo offered, it shall be lawful how comnen-for such officer or other person or persons fo authorised as afore- fat:on shall be bid, to apply to and require two justices of the peace, of the ctte * bounty, riding, ftewartry, city, or place, to fettle and afeertain the tempenfationwhich ought to be made for such damage or injury

aforefaid, and such justices (ball fettle and afeertain the fime kcordingly, and shall grant a certificate thereof; and the amount ■ such compenfation, fo fettled, and afeertained, and certified, pall forthwith be paid by the treafurer, accountant, or other toper officer for the time being, of the office or department for f  c  b  2  the

37*

Ad not to cffca any* agreement between the parties.

Where an

Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 95. [1804.

the life of which such lands or hereditaments shall have been taken, to the person or persons entitled thereto: Provided always, that nothing in this ad contained shall extend, or be construed toex-tend, to alter, prejudice, or efFed any agreement which hath been or shall or may be entered into by any such officer or other person authorised as aforesaid, with any owner or owners of any such lands or hereditaments, or other person or persons acting on his, her, or their behalf, in relation to any such buildings or eredrons, but every such agreement shall remain valid and effedual, in like manner as if this ad had not been pafied.

XII.  And be it further cna&ed, That in all cafes where any —S annual rent or sum shall be awarded by the verdict of a jury, as ed* the ver- * the compensation for the possession or use of any lands or hcredi-dia shall be taments, during the time for which the fame shall be required for certified to thepublick fervice, such verdict shall be certified by the juftices, the  or deputy lieutenants or deputy governors aforesaid, tp the rc-

Suid-tax!&c.e ceiver-general of the land-tax or the county, riding, city, or place who shall pay in England, or to the colledor of the land-tax of the county, the (kmc. ftewartry, city, or place in Scotland, or to the colledor of his Ma-jefty's revenues for districts in Inland, where such lands or hereditaments lie, which receiver-general or colledor (hall, out of any money in his hands, from time to time pay such compensation to Gich person or perfons, and in such manner, and for such Purchafe mo- purposes, as by such verdict shall be direded; and where any ney payable to money or other consideration shall have been or shall be agreed, or tick*te*Ttobe ^all have been or shall be found by the verdict of any jury* to be paid to the paid or given for the absolute purchase of any lands or herediu-deputy re- ments taken by virtue of this ad, belonging to any such body, or ^“hrancer other person or persons under any disability or incapacity, or not tfTthe feme" h^ngthcfrbfolute interest therein, the fame shall be paid or trans-jo the court ferred by the treafurer, accountant, or other proper officer for the of exchequer, time being of the office or department, for the use of which such fce. .  lands or hereditaments shall be taken, into the hands or into the

name of the deputy at the King's remembrancer of his Majesty's court of exchequer at Wcjlminfier, Edinburgh, or Dublin refpec-tively for the time being, for the use and benefit of the owners and proprietors of such lands or hereditaments, who is hereby autho-rifed and required to receive or accept, and to give a discharge for the fame, and upon the acceptation or receipt thereof to sign a certificate to the barons or judges of the said courts of exchequer refpedively, under his hand, purporting and signifying that such money or other consideration was received or accepted by, ad paid or transferred to him in pursuance of this ad, for the use and benefit of such owners or proprietors who shall be named and de-feribed in such certificate, and the said certificate shall be filed or deposited in the said court of exchequer at WtflminfUr, Edit-burgh, or Dublin refpedively; and a true copy thereof, signed bf the deputy remembrancer of such court, shall and may be re* and allowed as evidence for the purposes hereinafter mentioned and the said deputy remembrancer is hereby required, upon re '  ccipt of any such sum or sums of money as aforesaid, to pay th

fan

i8o4~] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 95.  373

fame into the bank of England, or bank of Scotland, or royal bank of Scotland, or bank of Ireland^ as the cafe may require; and immediately upon the filing or depoliting of such certificate, the said lands or hereditaments shall be and become veiled in the general officer or other person marking out the fame for the publick fer-vice, to the use of his Majeily, his heirs and fucceflors.

XIII.  And be it further enaded, That the barons or judgesof Who shall his Majesty's court of exchequer at WeJlminJUr, Edinburgh^ or tioni m to"tha Dublin, of the degree of the coif for the time being refpedively, application of or any two or more of them, shall be, and they are hereby autho- the money, rifed and empowered, in a luminary way, upon motion or by

petition, for and on behalf of any person or persons interested in or entitled to the benefit of the money fo paid to and received by the deputy remembrancer, or the interell or produce thereof, and upon reading the certificate directed to be signed by the said deputy remembrancer concerning the fame as aforesaid, and receiv-ing such further satisfaction as they shall think neceflary, to make and pronounce such orders and directions for paying the said money or any part of the fame, or for placing out such part thereof as lhall be principal in the publick funds, or upon go-vemment or real fecurities, and for payment of the dividends or interell thereof, or any part thereof, to the respective persons entitled to receive the fame, or for laying out the principal, or any part thereof, in the purchase of other lands or hereditaments, to be conveyed and fettled, to, for, and upon the fame ufes, trufts, intents, and purposes, as the (aid lands and hereditaments fo taken Hood fettled, at the time of the payment of such money as aforesaid, as near as the fame can be done, or otherwise concern* ing the disposing of the said money, and any part thereof, and the interell of the fame, or any part thereof, for the benefit of the person and persons entitled to and interested in the fame refpec^ lively, or for appointing any person or persons to be trustee or trufteesfor all or any of such purposes, as the said court shall think Juft and reafonable.

XIV.  And be it further enaded, That upon the death or re- °n inoval of any such deputy remembrancer, all stocks and securities [hJTdeputv veiled in him by virtue of this ad, shall veil in the succeeding leroembran-deputy remembrancer, for the purposes herein-before mentioned, cer, money without any alignment or transfer; and all monies paid into the *Rd fr**"*!*® said banks refpedively, in pursuance of this ad, or remaining in

the hands of any deputy remembrancer at bis death or removal, and not veiled in the funds, or placed out on securities as afore-laid, lhall be paid over to the succeeding deputy remembrancer for the time being.

XV.  And be it further enacted and declared, That if in any tIierc cafe the King's remembrancer lhall execute the said office in

perfon, then and in such cafe the several trusts, powers, and J*Vdeputy authorities, by this ad veiled in the said deputy remembrancer remembran-and his fucceftors, lhall, during, such time as no deputy remem- ?°.vrcr brancer shall be appointed, be veiled in, and be executed by, the said King's remembrancer for the time being,  F  ^

CAP.

374 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georou III. e. 96. [1804.

44 Geo. 3. c. 56.

43 Geo. 3. c. 101.

CAP. XCVI.

An act to alter, amend, and render more effectual, an aft, pajfed in * the present fejfion of parliament, intituled, An act for establishing and maintaining a permanent additional force for the defence of the realmf and to provide for augmenting his Majesty's regular forces; and for the gradual reduction of the militia of England \ fo far at the fame relates to the city of London. —[July 28,1804.]

WHEREAS an aft, pajfed in this session of parliament, intituled, An act for establishing and maintaining a permanent additional force for the defence of the realm, and to provide for augmenting his Majesty's regular forces; and for the gradual reduction of the militia of England: And whereas the city of London is, by ancient charter, exempt from raiftng men for military fer-vice, but have heretofore voluntarily rat fed their proportionate number of men for the defence of the realm: and whereas an aft pajfed for that purpose in the lajl fejfton of parliament, intituled, An act for railing in the city of London a certain number of men, as an addition to the military force of Great Britain, for the better defence and security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous pro-fccution of the war .* And whereas it is expedient that the rights and privileges of the said city Jfrould be preferved; but the said city an, neverthelejs, desirous of raijing their full proportion of men for the defence of the realm: and whereas, by reason of the division of the said city into wards, and the regulations of the said recited aft of the kfl section of parliament, the provisions of the said recited aft of this fejjion of parliament are not applicable to the raiftng of men, or levying cf money for fines, for any default in the said city: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enaded; and be it enacted by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the Recited aft of fame, That, from and after the pafling of this ad, nothing in the

44.  Geo. 3. c. faj(j recited ad of this session of parliament contained shall extend*1^ appor- tenc^ or ^ con®rue^ 10 extend to the apportioning of the men to tioning men be raised by the said city, among any of the parishes in the said among the pari flies, or railing rates in the city.

Number of men, and the

city, or to the mode of raiftng or levying any rates for the payment of any fines arising from any defaults therein ; any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

II. And be it further enaded. That the one thousand fix hundred men, to be railed by virtue of this ad within the said city proportions to of London, shall be raised and provided by the several wards of be raised by the city, and the liberties and precincts within the fame, in the cac ward, proportions following; that is to fay.

By the wards of

Alder[gate Within and St. Martin's It Grand twenty-four men; Aldersgate Without twenty-eight men i Aidgate eighty men;

BaJRsJbaw iixteen men ;

Bmngfgate fifty-fix men ;

Bijhopfgate Within fifty-eight men;

Bijhopfgate Without fixty-fix men;

Bread Street thirty-two men;

Bridge thirty-four men;

Broad Street fixty-fix men;

Candlewick twenty-eight men;

Caftle Baynard fifty-eight men ;  *

Cheap fiftv-eight men;

Coleman Street forty-eight men;

Cordwainer thirty men;

Cernbill forty-eight men;

Cripplegate Wttbin fifty-eight men;

Cnpplegate Without forty-eight men;

Dowgate thirty-fix men;

Farringdan Within one hundred and twelve men ;

Farringdon Without two hundred and fifty-fix men;

Langbourn eighty-eight men;

Lime Street twenty-eight men ;

Portfoken sixty men;

Sfoeenhitbe twenty-eight men ;

Tower eighty-eight men ;

Vtntry thirty-two men;

Walbrook thirty-fix men.

375

III.  Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Men /ernijg men railed and now serving under the said act of the last feffion

of parliament* shall go in diminution of the number of men re- diminution of quired in the respective wards for which they are fo ferving. the number.

IV.  And be it further enacted. That, from and after the Men to be railing and completing the said number of men, all men to be r^fed to be hereafter raised in the city of London for such additional force USonTSe shall from time to time* be apportioned among the several wards ward*

in the said city, by the commissioners of lieutenancy of the said city, and shall be raised under provifions, and according to the rules and regulations contained in the said recited aft of this session of parliament.

V.  And be it further enacted, That in cafe of any default arising Fine of %ol to within the said city of London, or in any of the wards thereof, be for the commissioners of lieutenancy for the said city shall and they p^i?etT not are hereby authorised to assess the sum of twenty pounds for every p

man that shall be deficient, and shall order and direft that such fines shall be raifed, aflefied, and levied in fuph wards as shall have made default.

VI.  And be it further enacted. That all such fines shall be In what man 1 afiefled and railed, collected and levied, in the said several wards ner the fine* of the said city, according to/uch powers, provifions, rules, and J^daud regulations as are contained in the said recited aft of the last p^.

feffion of parliament, in relation to the levying and aflefling of any sum of money for the raising of men under the said act; and all such fines, when collefted, shall be paid to the receiver-gene-

plied 1 adt.

Arrears of affcffments under recited adt to be colledted'

376 Anno regm quadragefimo quarto Gkoroii III. c. 96. [1804.

ral of the land-tax for the find city, to be by him paid in and accounted for, according to the order of the Secretary at war or bis deputv; and all persans authorised and required by the said recited adr if the Jail session of parliament to raise any money for the purposes therein mentioned, who shall refuse or neglect to afiefs, raife, levy, or collect any money required by this act, to be raised for die payment of any fines, shall be liable to the prori-fions in the said recited aft of this session of parliament contained for the enforcing the payment of such fines.

Monies raised VII. And be it further enacted, That all monies raised under under recited the said recited adt of the last session of parliament, in any of the

ioi+tobe3aC' war<*s l^c  an<*  not  aPpl*cc*fo the purposes of the faid

^Hed to tbis" before the passing of this adt, shall go and be applied in such respective wards, if the fame (ball become neceffhry, towards the payment of any sum of money required to be raised under this adt, as fines for any defaults in raising men in such relpe&ive wards.

VIII.  Provided always, That in every cafe in which it shall become  necessary to raise any such sum of money for any fines under this adt, in any ward in which any sum of money (ball have been affcffed under the said recited adt of the last session of parliament, and in which any part of any such assessment Ihall not have been fully raifed, levied, and colledted, then and in such cafe it shall be lawful for the persons authorised to collect and levy airy such sum of money under the said adt, to levy and collect al! such sums of money for the purpose of this adt, or the payment of any fines as aforesaid.

IX.  And be it further enacted, That all the powers, proviibes, rules, regulations, forfeitures, penalties, claufes, matters and things contained in the said recited adt of the last session of parliament, or in an adt passed in the thirty-fixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An act for amending and reducing into one aft of parliament two fever al aftj, pajfed in the thirty-fourth and tkirty-ffjflb years of the reign of bis present Majesty^for the better ordering the militia of the city of London, and for the further regt* lating of the trained bands or militia of the said city (ball, fo far as the fame are not altered or varied, or other and different provi-fions made in relation to the additional force under the said recited adt of the last session of parliament, or the additional force under this adt, be applied and practised for the purposes of this adt, and as to the additional force required by the adt of this fef. ftnn of parliament, and this adt, fo far as the fame are applicable, in as full and ample a manner as if the said powers, provifoes, rules, regulations, forfeitures, penalties, claufes, matters, and things, were again repeated and enacted in this adt.

Aft 44. Geo- 3.  3^.  And in order that tlfe rights and privileges of the eity ef

c $6- and this London may not be hfringed^ be it further enacted. That the said prriudiafthe rec*lct* °f this feliion of parliament, or this adt, or any thing - •* therein or herein contained, shall not diminilh or be prejudicial to the rights, privileges, immunities, and exemptions to which the mayor and commonality and citizens of the city of Lonien^

or

Powers of 43 Geo. j.c 101., and 3i Geo. j.c.92. toex tend to this

rights of the City.

1804.] Anno regniquadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 97.98.377

or the freemen, citizens, or inhabitants of the (aid city, or the suburbs and liberties of the fame, or of all privileged places within the limits and precincts thereof, as well within the liberties as without, are entitled to enjoy by prefeription, aft of parliament, charter, or ufage, but tne laid mayor aqd commonality and citizens, and freemen citizens and inhabitants of the said city, shall and may continue to enjoy all and Angular the said rights, liberties, ufages, cuftoms, privileges, immunities, and exemptions, in as full, ample, and beneficial a manner as if the said recited a£k of this session of parliament, or this act, had not been made.

XI.  And be it further ena&ed. That this adt {hall be deemed PubEckaftl and taken to be a publick a£t, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges* juftices, and other persons whorafoever, without specially pleading the fame.

CAP. XCVII.

An act for railing the sum of eight hundred thousand pounds Irifh currency, by treasury bills, for the service of Ireland, for the year one thousand eight hundred and four.—[July sS, 1804.]

To be paid half yearly 5/. per cent per annum for 8oo,oco/. In Hi currency or fach part thereof as shall be paid in the exchequer of Ireland. Bills for such sums may be ilTued ana taken in payment of the revenue after such time as ihall be appointed by the lord-lieutenant. Interest to cease on bills when received by any receiver of the revenue. Money to be paid into the exchequer at Dublin and carried to the consolidated Kind. Bills and interest to be a charge on the first supplies granted next feffion.*

Bank of Ireland may advance the money.

CAP. XCVIII.

An act to repeal the several duties under the commiffoners for managing the duties upon Jlamped vellum, parchment, and paper ^ in Great Britain, and to grant new and additional duties in lieu thereof—[July 28, 1804.]

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS the several rates and duties upon damped vellum, parchment, and paper, and upon other articles and things under the care of the commiffionersfor managing the said duties, are become very numerous, intricate, and complicated, and it will tend to give facility to bufinefs, and contribute materially to the publick benefit to consolidate and Amplify the fame; be it therefore enacted by the King's mod excellent Majedy, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the tenth day of Ofloher one thousand eight hundred and four, all and Angular the tieatmd draw~-duties, allowances, difeounts, compenfations, and drawbacks of backs under damp duties, and other duties under the care of the said com- the care of miffioners for managing the duties upon damped vellum, parch- thecommif-mentand paper, granted by any a£l or atfs of parliament now in s^mpt <(hall force, shall cease and determine (fave and except in all cafes re- Ceafe.F

lating

378 Anno regni quadragefiino quarto Georgii jll. c, 98. [1804.

taring to the recovering, allowing, or paying any arrears thereof refpe&ively, which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, fines, penalties, or forfeitures, relating thereto refpe&ively, which shall have been incurred at any time before or on the said tenth day of Oftobtr one thousand eight hun-^toduties or ^rcc*an<* ^our)> Provided always,that nothing in this a& contained | drawbacks  &all extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal, or in anywife

granted by  alter, the duties or drawbacks granted by an a& of the thirty-

39 and 40 ninth and fortieth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, Geo. 3. c.*7« Jn afi for the union Great Britain and Ireland.

II. And whereas the commons of Great Britain and Ireland, in parliament ajfembled, towards raijing the necejfary supplies to defr&j the expences of the just and necejfary war in which your Motjeftj is en* [ gaged% have refohea to grant to your Majesty several new and additional and other duties on farnped vellum, parchment and paper, and upon other articles and things under the management of the commifi jtoners of the ftamp~duties\ and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be ena&cd, and be it therefore enaAed, From Oft. 10, That, from and after the said tenth day of O&ober one thousand , d* tks^nd eight hundred and four,in lieu and instead of the said duties refpec-drawbacks in lively by this a& repealed, there ihall be raifed, levied, collected, the annexed and paid, in England unto his Majesty, his hcirs,and fucceflors, for schedules shall and in respect of the several inftruments, articles, matters, and be paid and things, mentioned, enumerated, and described in the schedules owc marked (A.) and (B.) hereunto annexed, the several sums of money and duties as they are respectively inferted, defcribed, and fet forth in the column of the said schedules marked (A.) and £B.), intituled, “England*” and that there {hall be raifed, levied, colle&ed, and paid in like manner in Scotland, the several sums of money and duties as they are respectively inferted, deferred, and fet forth in the column of the said schedules marked (A.) and (B.), intituled “Scotland-” and that there shall be made, allowed, and paid, for or in respect of all such articles, matters, or things, as are inferted, enumerated, and described in the schedule marked (C.) hereunto annexed, the several allowances, drawbacks, or sums of money, as the fame are refpec-tively inferted, defcribed, and fet forth in the said schedule marked (C.)

Aft not to III. And be it further ena&ed, That nothing in this a& con-liccnce mm- *a*nc<* extend, or be construed to extend, to make void any ed under any licence or licences granted under or by virtue of any taw or laws taw in force relating to his Majesty's ftamp-duties, in force before or on the on Oft. 10, tenth day of Oftober one thousand eight hundred and four, or to ikences52? require or compel any perfon, to whom any such licence shall stage coaches, have been granted, to renew or take out any fresh licence until the end and expiration of the term for which any licence was granted, save and except all such licences as may or shall have been granted under the authority aforesaid, to any person orper-fons for employing any publick stage coach or carriage for the purpose of conveying passengers for hire.

IV. And

IV.  And be it further ena&ed, That it shall and may be law- Allowance to ful to and for the said commissioners for managing the duties on ** for stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, and they are hereby di- term^fuch relfced and required, to dedult and allow, to such persons refpec- licences, dvely as shall pay the duties by this alt imposed on licences for

keeping or employing publick ft age coached or carriages for the purpose of carrying paliengers for hire, at and after the rate of one (hilling and three-pence for each and every entire quarter of a year which may remain unexpired of the term of any former licence granted to any such persons refpeltively for the like purpose.

V.  And be it further enaltcd, That nothing in this alt con- Aft not to tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to annul or make^traafor"^ void any contralt or agreement, made or entered into by his Ma- forming the jetty's commif&oners for managing the duties on stamped vellum, poft-horfe parchment, and paper, under or by virtue of any law or laws in duties.

force before or on the said tenth day of Ottaber one thousand eight hundred and four, for letting to farm the rates and duties on horses let to hire, for travelling poft, and By time; any thing in this a St contained to the contrary in anywise notwithftand-

mg.

VI.  And be it further enaHed, That, for the better and more Duties to be ?ffe&ual levying and collelting the duties by this alt granted, the

fame shall be under the government, care, and management of the S**he com-rommiffioners for the time being appointed to manage the duties miffioners for >n stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who, or the major ttamps, who part of them, are hereby required and empowered to appoint and ^ccr^How rmploy such officers under them for that purpose, and to allow foi^es) pro-W such salaries and incidental charges as may be neceffary, and to vide ftainpi, >rovide such marks, ttamps, or dies, in order to denote any of &c. ihe several duties payable by virtue of this alt, whenever they fee Kcafion, to use such ttamps as shall have been heretofore prodded to denote any former duties on stamped vellum, parchment,

>r paper, or to cause new ttamps to be provided for the purpose >f denoting the duties granted by this alt, and to alter or renew he fame refpeltively from time to time, and to do all other hings necessary to be done for putting this alt into execution, with relation to the said duties hereby gi anted, in the like and in is full and ample a manner as they, or the major part of them, ire authorised to put in execution any law or laws concerning tamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

VII.  And be it further enalted, That it shall be lawful for the Commiffion-aid commissioners for managing the duties on vellum, parchment, ers may ilfue, ind paper, and they are hereby authorised to issue any vellum, Pufc°Y*l-)archment,or paper, stamped before the tenth day of Ofiober with [Um, &c!Ve * my stamp or mark denoting any duty of like amount, with any ftaxnpcd be*

>f the duties specified in the said fchedule; or for any perfons, fore Oft. 10, laving in their pofTeffion any such vellum, parchment, or paper, 'Xnot o iffue, ufe, or apply the fame, in like manner as if the fame had in^duticTcf* >een stamped with ttamps or dies expressly provided under the like amount luthority of this alt* any thing in this alt to the contrary not- withthofe

VIII. And

380 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Gborgxi IU. c. 98. [1804;

Duties and VIII, And be it further enaded, That the said several sums of drawbacks to monCy respectively inferted, defcribed, and fet forth in the said allowedfchedules marked (A.) and (B.) as duties payable to hit Majesty, former duties his heirs and fucceiTors, and the several allowances, drawbacks, and draw* and sums of money, for or in respect of the several articles, mat-backs; and ters, an(| things inferted, defcribed, and fet forth in the (aid fche-^^eradt^, ^ulc marked (C.) shall and maybe respectively raifed, levied, except hereby colleded, anfwe/ed, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated,.and altered, to ex-allowed, except where any alteration is expressly made by this tend to this, in such and the like manner, and in or by any or either of the general or special means, ways, or methods, by which the former duties under the management of the (aid commiflionersof damped vellum, parchment, or paper refpedively, and the allowances and drawbacks under the management of the said commif-fioners refpedively, were or might be raifed, levied, collected, anfwered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated, and allowed; and the several perfons, and also all vellum, parchment, paper, or Other material of what nature or kind foever, upon which any matter or thing (ball be written, printed, or ingroffed, and by this ad respectively made liable to the payment of duty, and alio the several other articles, matters, and things, by this ad respectively made liable to the payment of duty, or which shall be entitled to any allowance or drawback as respectively inferted, defcribed, and fet forth in the said fchedules, marked (A.) (B.) and (C.), shall be, and the fame are hereby made, except where any alteration is expressly made by this ad, subject and liable to all and every the conditions, regulations, rules, and reftridions, to which such perfons, and aUb such vellum, parchment, paper, or other material of what nature or kind ibever, upon which any fucb matter or thing as aforesaid shall be written, printed,or eogrofled, and other articles, matters, and things as aforesaid,were generally or specially subject and liable by any ad or ads of parliament in j force before or on the said tenth day of Oflobtr one thoufend eight hundred and four, respecting the duties under the management of the said commissioners of (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper; , and all and every pain, penalty, fine, or forfeiture (except where any alteration is expressly made by this ad}, for any offence what foever, committed against or in breach of any ad or ads of parliament now in force, before or on the said tenth day of Ofttbtr one thousand eight hundred and four, for securing the duties under the management of the said commissioners of (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, or for the regulation or improvement of the said duties, and the several claufes, powers, provifions, di-redions, matters, and things therein contained (unlefs where expressly altered by this ad},-(hall, and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, pradifed, * and put in execution, for and in respect of the several duties by this ad charged, impofed, and allowed, in as full and ample a manner, to all intents and purposes whatfoever, as if all and every the said claufes, provifions, powers, diredions, fines, pains, penalties, or forfeitures, matters, and things, were particularly re-t  pcated  and rc-cnaded in the body of this ad.

k  *  IX,  And

1804.] Anno regoi quadragefimo quarto Georcii III. c. 98. 381

IX.  And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons Perfons coun-whatfoever shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be

forged or counterfeited, any mark, (lamp, or die, which shall be gujj^of ° provided, made, or lifed in pursuance of this aft, or shall coun- felony with-terfeit or refemblc, or cause or procure to be counterfeited or re- out clergy, fembled, the impression of any such mark, (lamp, or die, upon any vellum, parchment, paper, or other material, or upon any other matter or thing, or the impression of the (lamp or die, upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, allowed to be iffued, ufed, or applied under the authority of this aft, thereby to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, of any of the duties by this aft charged or impofed, or if any person or persons (ball utter, vend, or fell, any vellum, parchment, paper, or other material, or other matter or thing, with such forged or counterfeit mark, damp, or impression thereupon, knowing such mark, (lamp, or impression to be forged or counterfeit, every such person fo offending, being thereof convicted in due form of law, (lull be judged a felon, and shall suffer death, as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

X.  And be it further enacted, That, from and after the (aid From Oft. io, tenth day of Oflober one thousand eight hundred and four, it (hall

not be lawful for any person or persons whatsoever to commence, naltiestb^l be profecute, enter, or file, or cause or procure to be commenced, commenced profecuted, entered or filed, any aftion, bill, plaint or information, but in name in any of his Majesty's courts, or before any jurftice or justices of the peace, or other magistrate or magistrates whatfoever, against {England, any person or perfons, for the recovery of any fine, penalty, or and advocate forfeiture, made or incurred by virtue of this or any other aft or for Scotland, afts of parliament relating to nis Majesty's (lamp-duties, or any ?fthe other duties under the management of the commissioners of the gamp-duties, duties on damped vellum, parchment and paper, for the time being, unless the fame be commenced, profecuted, entered, or filed in the name of his Majesty's attorney general, or his M4-jefty's advocate for Scotland, as the cafe may be, in England or Scotland refpeftively, or in the name of the solicitor or some other officer of his Majesty's (lamp-duties in England or Scotland refpeftively; and if any aftion, bill, plaint, or information, shall be commenced, profecuted, entered, or filed, in the name or names of any other person or perfoi\$ than is or are in that behalf before-mentioned, the fame, and every proceeding thereupon had; are hereby declared, and the fame shall be null and void to all intents and purposes.

XI.  And be it further enacted, That no (ingle inftmmcnt, No inftru-article, matter, or thing, which by this aft is subject or liable to

only one fp.ecifick duty, shall be charged or chargeable under any 0niyDfliall £e two or more separate and distinct heads or denominations; any charged under thing in this or any other aft or afts of parliament contained to separate the contrary in any wife notvvithftanding.  heads.

XII.  And whereas by an aftypajfed in the twentieth year of the reign

of bis present Majefly King George the Third, intituledy An act for to Geo. 3. granting to his Majesty several additional duties on advertife- c. a$. ments, and certain duties on receipts for legacies, or for any (hare of a personal estate divided by force of the statute of diftfibutions,

or  At

*3 Gco.i. c.58. and

»6 Geo, 3.

3$i Anno regni quadragefimo quarto GeorgIi III. c. 98. f 1804* or the custom of any province or place; by one other off, made inr the twenty-third year of his present Mayejiy, intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty several additional yid new duties upon damped vellum, parchment, and paper, and also for repealing certain exemptions from the ftamp-duties; and by one other afi9 made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majefly, in-,  tituled\ An act for granting to his Majesty several additional ftamp-

^,51. recited, jmfcg on probates of wills, letters of adminiftration, aod on re.

ceipts for legacies, or for any (hare of a personal estate divided by 2)uties charg- force of the statute of diftributions; certain duties are charged afts oiHegJu uPon receiPts or other difeharges for and in respect of legacies given or tics derived bequeathed by or derivedfrom persons who died previous to the twenty from persons seventh day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix: end who died pi e- whereas it is expedient to continue the f aid duties on receipts or £f-t^nl charges for and in respect of such legacies fo given or bequeathed by continue for derived from persons who died previous to the said twenty fieventh day two years of April one thousandfeven hundred and ninety-fix^for and during the from Od. xo, fgrm tWo years9 from the tenth day of Odober one thousand eight 1 °*'  hundred and four: be it therefore enacted. That the said duties on

legacies, given or bequeathed by or derived from persons who died previous to the twenty-feventh day of April one thousand (even hundred and ninety-fix, shall be and remain payable, and (hall# be paid to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-ce(lors,for and during the said term of two years, from and afterthe said tenth day of ORober one thousand eight hundred and four, any thing in this ad or any other ad or ads of parliament contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding; and that, from and after the expiration of two years from and after the tenth day of October one thousand eight hundred and four, every such receipt or other discharge for or in respect of any legacy given or bequeathed by or derived from any person whatever, whether such persons mall have died previous to or since the twenty-feventh day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, shall be, and the fame is hereby made subject and liable to the respective duties on receipts or other difeharges f<* legacies mentioned, inferted, and fet forth in the schedule marked ,  (A.) hereunto annexed,

words^o be XIII. And be it further enaded, That all and every person or painted on persons who shall be duly licensed to keep any coach, berlio, Ian-ftage-coaches. dau, chariot,diligence, calafh, chaife-marine, chaise chair, or other carriage, with two or more wheels, by what name soever the fame is or hereafter shall be called or known, to be employed as a publick stage coach or carriage for the purpose of conveying passengers forhire to and from different places in Great Britain,r (hall, and he, (he, or they, is and arc respectively directed and required to paint, or cause to be painted, on the outside of each door of each such carriage, or on some other conspicuous part thereof, in legible letters or charaders, of at lead two inches in length, and in a different colour from the ground on which the fame are painted, the words, 4i Licenfed to carry not exceeding ^  four, fix, eight, ten,” or more paffengers, as the licence obtained

for such carriages respectively fhali fpecity or exprefs; and if ar.y

1804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 98.  383

perfon or persons shall employ or make ufc of any such carriage Penaltyof 10/.

asaforefaid for carrying passengers for hire to and from different j?r ne^c?»or

places in Great Britain, without having the said words painted on more^han*fhe

the outside of each door of such carriage, or in such other con* fpecifvdnum-

fpicuous part thereof, and in such manner as is herein-before di- her of perfons.

reded, or lhall at any time carry more inside passengers (children

in lap excepted) than shall be specified or expressed in the licence

for using such carriage, and the words fo painted on the outside of

fuch doors or other conspicuous part of such carriage, every ptr-

ion fo offending (hall, for each and every such offence, forfeit and

kfe the sum of twenty pounds.

XIV.  And be it further enadled. That every person who (hall, Certain per-for or in expectation of any fee, gain, or reward, directly and in- J118 dircftly, draw or prepare any conveyance of, or deed relating to, ances^c^oa any real or personal elVate, or any proceedings in law or equity, penalty 0/50/. other than and except feijeants at law, barrifters, folicitors, at-

tornies, notaries, proliors, agents, or procurators, having obtained regular certificates, and special pleaders, draftsmen in equity, and conveyancers, being members of one of the four inns of court, and having taken out the certificates, mentioned in the said schedule to this alt annexed, at the head office in London, of the comraiffioners for managing the duties on (lamped vellum, parchment and paper, and other than and except persons foJeiy employed to engross any deed, infirument, or other proceedings not drawn or prepared by themselves and for their own account refpe&ively, and other than and except publick officers drawing or preparing official instruments applicable to their refpeltive offices, and in courfeof their duty, shall forfeit and pay for every such offence the sum of fifty pounds: Provided always, that no- Exceptions, thing herein-contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent any person or persons drawing or preparing any will or other testamentary papers, or any agreement not under feal, or any letter of attorney.

XV.  And be it further enaded, That nothing contained in an Duty of $x. aft passed in the twenty-fifth vear of the reign of his present Ma- warrant* jefty, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent any fo- fui£u^Cmay iicitor, attorney, notary, proltor, agent, or procurator, charging be charged by in his bill or bills of fees, charges, or difburfements, the amount folidtori,

of the duty of five shillings by this act granted on warrants, mandates, authorities, minutes, or memorandums, given to commence, carry on, or defend, any fuit or profecution; any thing in this a& contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVI.  And whereas it may happen that Jlationtrs and other persons may, after the pajfsng of this afl, haveftamps which have not been ufed% and wbicb% from the alterations herein made, may not be applicable to the purposes for which they were originally intended; and it is exper dient that suchft a ti oners and other persons Jhould be allowed to exchange

the fame for other ft amps j be it therefore enalted. That it shall Stamps brand may be lawful to and for the commilfioners for the duties 00 damped vellum, parchment, and paper, and they are hereby au- jlhangedwith-thorifod and required, at any time within twelve months after in \% months.

the

I

384 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii 1*11. c. 98. [1804,

the palling of this aft, to deliver to such persons as shall apply for the fame, in exchange for stamps which by the alterations in this aft made may have become ufeiefs or inapplicable to the pur-poles for which they were originally intended, such other stamps as the party or parties applying shall require, without regard to the value or amount of each stamp returned, fo as the value or amount of the whole quantity of stamps to be delivered doth not exceed the actual value or amount of the whole quantity of stamps returned ; any thing in this aft or other aft or afts of parliament) contained to the contrary in anywise notwithftanding. Coraraiflion- XVII, And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for the commissioners of his Majesty's damp-duties to ex-fooiled upon* change, in the manner and under the special circumstances men-fathfadory  tioned in an aft, made in the fifth year of the reign of his pre-

proof.  sent Majesty, intituled. An oft for the altering the ft amp-duties vpa

aimiffton into corporations or companies, andfor further sewing onI improving the ftamp-duties in Great Britain, any stamps which shall have been fpoiled, whether the instrument on which the stamp is or may be imprcfled shall have been executed or not, upon such proof on oath,'or solemn affirmation in the cafe of the people called ^uakers% to the satisfaction of the said commiflioners, as they shall requirej and, in order to prevent any fraudulent claims that may be made in respect of the allowance hereby granted, it shall also be lawful for the said commissioners to make fitch rules and orders for regulating the methods, and limiting the times, for cancelling or allowing other (lamps on vellum, parchment, or paper, in lieu of such as have been by any means fpoiled, damaged, or rendered unfit for ufe, and which have not . beenaftually made use of for the purposes intended, as they thall find necessary and convenient for effectually securing the dudes under their management, and doing justice to the parties claim* ing the benefit of such indulgence.

No damn- A VIII. And be it further enacted. That, from and after the P*®ng of this a&, no damp-duty whatever shall be chargeabe comnuffions or ch*rg«d* or payable or paid, for or in respect of any commit* in theyeo- fions granted to any officers of the yeomanry cavalry or voiuo-manry ca- teer infantry; any thing in any aft of parliament to the contrary yalry, or vo- notwithftanding.

lrateer man- XIX. And be it further enacted. That pothing in this aft con-Aft not to  (hall  extend  or  be  construed  to  extend,  to  charge  with  any

extend to cer- duty by this aft impofed, any proceedings whatever with respect tain proceed- to any person or persons that shall be admitted to sue or defend ^8®*  in formd pauperis, nor any proceedings of any court-martial which

relate to any trial of any common foldier, nor any orders, decrees, or proceedings before any commissioners of fewers, or in the court of (tanneries, nor any inftruments, matters, or things which by virtue of the afts palled in his present Majesty's reign relating to the redemption or purchase of any land-tax, or any of them, are specially exempted from ftamp-duties j any thing in this aft, or any other aft or afts of parliament^ contained to the contrary in anywise notwithftanding.

XX. And

1804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii HI. c. 98.  385

XX.  And be it further enabled, That no promiflorv note or No note pay. other note for the payment to the bearer on demand, or any sum hewer of money exceeding the sum of twenty pounds, save and except ° “r nothin promiflory notes or other notes for the payment by or on ac- *0/. (except count of the bank of Scotland^ or royal bank of Scotland) or the notes of the Britijh linen company, to the bearer on demand, of the sum of one ®an£ hundred pounds, shall be re-ifliied on any pretence whatever j {^JJj orthe but when and as soon as any such note for the payment of any BritHh linen sum of money exceeding twenty pounds, save and except such company,) note for one hundred pounds as aforesaid, shall be paid by or fh*11 hereunder the order or authority of the person or persons by whom ^

or on whose account the fame was figned, or his, her, or their celled, on executors, ad mini ft ra tors, or affigns, or in pursuance of any di- penalty ofao/. region, nomination, or appointment for the payment thereof, contained or exprefTed in or upon any such note, the fame shall be taken and construed to be thereupon wholly difeharged, vacated, and fatisfied, and shall be no longer negociable or transferable to any intent or purpose whatever, but shall be forthwith cancelled; and if any person or persons shall ifTuc, utter, or negociate, or cause to be iflued, uttered, or negociated, any such promiflory note or other note after any such payment thereof aforesaid, or if any person or perfons, by whom such payment as aforesaid shall be made, shall neglefl or refuse to cancel the fame, or cause the fame to be cancelled, every such person or peifons fo offending (hall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

XXI.  And be it further enabled, That no promiflory note or No note pay-other note for the payment of money to any amount whatever abI*to hearer to the bearer on demand, which may now by law be rciflued, and whicMhall* which shall bear date, or which shall have been issued before or bear date be-on the tenth day of Oftober one thousand eight hundred and four, tore or on (hall, on any pretence whatever, be reiffued after the tenth day of IO* l8o4» October one thousand eight hundred and five; but when and as soon a^‘

as any such note (hall, after the said tenth day of Oftober one thou- o&. io, 1805,

fand eight hundred and five, be paid by or under the authority of but shall be

the person or persons by whom or on whose behalf or on whose ac- cancelled, on

count the fame was figned, or his, her, or their executors, admi- ly 0

niftrators, or afligns, or in pursuance of any diregion, nomination,

or appointment for the payment thereof, contained or expressed in'

or upon any such note, the fame shall be taken and construed to

be thereupon wholly difeharged, vacated, and fatisfied, and (hall

be no longer negociated or transferable to any intent or purpose

whatever, but shall be forthwith cancelled ; and if any person or

perfons (hall, after the said tenth day of Ofttber one thousand

eight hundred and five, iflue, utter, or negociate, or cause to be

iffued, uttered, or negociated, any such promiftory or other note

as aforesaid, after any such payment thereof as aforesaid, or if any

perfon or persons by whom such payment as aforesaid shall be

made, shall neg!e& or retufe to cancel the fame, or cause the fame,

to be cancelled, every such person or persons fo offending (hall,

for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

VoL. XLV,  C c XXII. And

tain iize.

&c.

Annoregni quadrageftmo quarto Gsougii III. c. 98. [1804.

XXII.  And be it further ensued. That np new fpa per, or paper containing publick news, intelligence, or occurrences, shall be printed in Great Britain, to be dispersed and made publick, on K ne fba  paper  exceeding thirty-two inches in length end twenty-two

thallbTpnnt- inches in breadth ; nor shall the commissioners for managing his cd on paper Majesty's damp-duties mark or ftamp, or cause or ftrffer to be above accr- marked or damped, with the damp for denoting the duty on newfpapcrs, any paper of a larger size than thirty-two inches in length and twenty-two inches in breadth : any thing in any ati A or ads of parliament to the contrary in any wife not with ft and ing. 18**!execXXIII. And be it further ensded, That, from arid after the tors/fre. of tenth day of Oflober one thousand eight hundred and four, ail periods do executors* adminiftrators, and nearest in kin, creditors or others, ceased in Scot- w^0 jntromit with or enter upon the possession or management

bitupon'oath a^ or any l^c Prr^ona^ or moveable estate or effects of any in the com- deceased person in Scotland, fhall, on or before difpoftng of or roiflary court, distributing any part of such effects, or uplifting any debts doe to an inventory tjjC deceafed, and at all events within fix calendar months next estate and0™*1 a^er having aflhmed such possession or management in whole or in effeftsofthe part, and before any such person or persons shall be confirmed deceafed, to executor or executors teftamentary, or executor or executors be regiftered, dative, exhibit upon oath, in the proper confiftoriai court called the Commijfary Courts a full and complete inventory of such estate end effedb, either already recovered or known to be exifting, distinguishing whether situated in Scotland or elfewhere, likewise any will or other writing relative to the disposal of such estate or effeds, or any part of them, which the person or persons exhibiting such inventory may have access to* arid the said inventory, together with the will or other writing, (if any such there be), shall be recorded in the books of the said court, without any other expence to the party than the ordinary fees of regiftiation, and'without prejudice to the laws of Scotland, in other respects regarding total or partial confirmations, or the rules of succession " there eftablifhed, and without prejudice or increase of the fees payable upon confirmations, which shall remain as they are at present j any thing herein to the contrary norwithftanding: 2nd in cafe at any period a difeovery shall be made of other effects belonging to the deceafed, which, on account of their not being Jcnown at the time, were omitted in the said original inventory, an additional inventory or inventories of the fame (hall, in like manner, be exhibited upon oath, and recorded by any person or persons intromitting with or assuming the management thereof; and in cafe any such person or persons shall neglect or refuse to exhibit any such original or additional inventory, or shall knowingly omit any part of any such estate and efifeds therein, every person fo negleding, or refuting, or omitting, (bail forfeit a Turn not exceeding double the valqe of the ftamp-duty payable according to the schedule (A.) hereunto annexed, upon the amount of such estate and effects of which any inventory ought to have been exhibited in the manner herein direded, or upon the sum lo omitted therein, nor less than one hundred pounds for each such

negleft,

Penalty for negied.

1804.] Aano regni quadragelimo quarto Georgii III. c. 98.  387

neglefl, refufal, or omission ; to be recovered and applied in the fame manner at any penalty may by this aft be recovered and applied.

XXIV, And be it further enacted, That in any cafe where it Where indru-ihall appear to the commiilioners of his Majesty's (lamp-duties, upon oath or affirmation, to be made before any one or more of change'sic. the said commiilioners (which oath or affirmation he or they is have without or are hereby authorised to adminifter), or otherwise to their fa- fraudulent in-tisfaflion, that any inftrument, matter, or thing whatfoevef  otUm

(except bills of exchange,promiflory notes or other notes, drafts, proper lUrnpV, orders, or receipts, required by law to be ingrofled, printed, or the commif-written on (lamped vellum, parchment, or paper), hath been in- Goners may graded, printed, or written on vellum, parchment, or paper, not  ***"

duly damped with a (lamp of the value by this a61 required, either brought to be by accident or inadvertency, or from urgent necedhy or unavoid- duly stamped able circumdances, and without any wilful delay or intention in within twelve any party or parties thereto, to evade the duties by this aft im-  .

poled, or to defraud his Majesty thereof, and such inftrument, and may matter, and thing, shall be brought to the said commiilioners to stamp receipts be stamped within twelve months after the making or execution as now *1* thereof, it shall be lawful for such commissioners of his Majesty'slowed*

(lamp-duties to remit the penalty payable on (lamping such in-liniment, matter, or thing, or any part thereof, as they shall deem expedient ; and every person concerned in ehgrofimg, printing, or writing any such inftrument, matter, or thing, or in making or executing the fame, shall be, and he or (be is hereby freed, dif-  1

charged, and indemnified from all further penalties or forfeitures,  '

than such penalties or forfeitures, or such parts thereof, as (hall  \

not be remitted by order of the said commissioners of his Ma-jelly's damp-duties: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent the.faid commissioners from damping any receipts allowed to be ftamped, after the fame shall have been written and figned, under such and the like circumdances, redriclions, and regulations, as such receipts may now be da/nped: provided alfo, that it shall be lawful for the laid commiflioners, and they are hereby authorised to make all such payments and allowances as are by any aft or afts now in force, in relation to the duties on vellum, parchment, or paper, or any of those heretofore directed to be made, paid, and allowed by the said commiflioners, and are not by this aft, or the schedule hereto annexed, varied, altered, or expressly repealed; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV, And be it further enacted, That fo much of an aft, palled in the tbirty-feventh year of his prevnt M^cfty's reign, c an^'3* intituled, Anafl  for granting to bis Majejiy certain on,

the fevtral matters therein mentioned, and for better ftcuring the duties on certificates to be taken out by folicitcr, attorniesy and others

praflijing in certain courts of jujiice in Great Biitain, as directs that, in respect of each and every copyhold tenement of the value of twenty shillings per annum or upwards, mentioned in any fur-render, admittance, or copy of court roll of any honour or *  Cca  manor,

388 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 98. [1804.

manor, and each and every cuftom-right or tenant-right tenement, not being copyhold (of the value before mentioned), in any furrender, admittance, or instrument of admittance, whereupon a several fine {hall be due and payable to the lord or lady of any honour or manor, or a several fee {hall be demanded or re-ceived by any steward or deputy Reward of such honour or manor, a distinct and several Ramp-duty shall be charged according to the amount of all the duties imposed thereon by the said a&, or any former adt or ads in force on or immediately before the passing of the said ad $ and also fo much of the said ad 'as imposes a penalty upon any steward or other officer of any copyhold court, or of any customary or tenant-right court, for demanding, taking, or receiving any such fine or fee as aforesaid, without, at the fame time, demanding and receiving the ftamp-duty in respect of each several and distinct tenement as aforefaid; and also fo much of another ad, passed in the thirty-eighth year jS Geo. v of his said Majesty's reign, intituled, An afi for explaining and €.85* repealed, amending certain alls relating to the famp-duties, and for extending the rates and duties ofjlamps now payable on vellum, parchment, and fapery to all other materials, as relates to the (lamp-duties charged in respect of any furrender, admittance, copy of court roll, or instrument of admittance of or to any copyhold tenement, or any customary or tenant-right eftate, and as imposes any penalties upon any steward or officer of any copyhold court, or customary or tenant-right court, in relation to such duties, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

XXVI. And be it further enaded, That all the monies arising by the duties by this ad imposed (hall, from time to time, be paid nCTaVof ftamp- into the hands of the receiver-general for the time being of the duties, and duties on (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who shall pay bT him into the fame (the  necessary charges of railing, paying, and accounting querfand" ^or ^ame9 being first deducted) into the receipt of the exche-carried to the quer, at such time and in such manner as the former duties consolidated charged on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, were directed to be paid; and the said money, fo paid into the said receipt, shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund of Great Britain; and that, at the end of every quarter of a year after the said tenth day of Oflober one thousand eight hundred and four, that is to fay, on the fifth day of January, the fifth day of Aprils the fifth day of Julyy and the tenrh day of Ofhbery in every year, there shall be fet apart at the said receipt, out of the monies arising by the duties by this act granted, a sum of (even hundred fixty-nine thousand three hundred fixty-five pounds nineteen shillings and fixpence, being one-fourth part of the sum of three millions fevertty-seven thousand four hundred fixty-three pounds and eighteen (hillings, the average yearly produce of two years, ending the fifth day of January one thousand eight hundred and four, of the duties which are by this a£t repealed; and that, after setting apart such quarterly sums as aforesaid, the remainder of the monies arising by the duties by this a£t granted, shall be deemed an addition maoe to the revenue for the purpose

Doties to be paid to the receive r-gc-

fund«

dication

uties.

1804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 98.  389

of defraying the increased charge occasioned by any loan made or stock created or to be created by virtue of any ad or adls patted or to be palTed in this session of parliament; and, during the space of ten years next enfuing, there shall be provided and kept, in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, a book or books, in which all the surplus monies arising from the said rates or duties, and paid into the said receipt, shall be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, on any account whatever.

XXVII. And be it further enaded, That all fines, penalties, Recovery *rd and forfeitures imposed or created by this aft, except where other- *Ppl|c*tion w.fe expressly dircded, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mi-tigated, by fucb ways, means, or methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law or laws in force on or before the tenth day ofOftobtr one thousand eight hundred *nd four, for securing and improving his Majesty's ftamp-duties, or by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Wejlminjler, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland refpedively; and from and after the passing of this ad, all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, heretofore imposed or granted by any a& or ads relating to the duties on vellum, parchment, or paper, or this ad, shall go and be applied to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, any thing in any ad or ads to the contrary notwithftandiog: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the commissioners for managing the ftamp-duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, in  1

every cafe in which any part of any such fine, penalty* or forfei* ture, was by any such ad or acts given to any informer, to give fucb part of any luch fine, penalty, or forfeiture, or any proportion thereof, as the said commissioners shall deem expedient, to any person who may inform for or discover any offence, in respect of which any such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, may be difcovercd, or assist in the recovery thereof,

/

•CHEDULES

39°r Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 98. [1804.

SCHEDULES to which this Aft refers.

Schedule (A.) STAMP-DUTIES.

Name and Defcription of the Inftt uroent. Article, or Thing* on which the Duty attaches.  England.  Scotland.

ARTICLES or Contrad whereby anr person dull become bound to serve as a Clerk in order to bis admission as a Solicitor or Attorney in pursuance of the'laws now in force in any of  £■ '• d-  £• S-

his Majcfty's courts at Westminster - -Articles or Contract whereby any person shall become bound to serve as a Clerk, in order to his Admiffion as a Solicitor or Attorney in any of the courts of great sessions in Wales, of in the counties-palatine of Chefter, Lancafter, or Durham, or in any court of record in England* holdingpleas, where the debt or damage shall amount to forty shillings or upwards, not being  no —    

in any of his Majesty's courts at Westminster Alignment of such articles or contrail, or new articles or contrail for the residue of a term,  55 — “  

occafioned by the death of any former master Admittance of or Inftrument for admitting any Attorney, Clerk, Advocate, ProSor, or other Officer in any court whatsoever in England -  SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS,  Annual Officer in any corporation or inferior court, whose office is under the value of .£.10 per annum in falaries, fees, or other perquifites.  Perfon aHually and legally fworn, ad. mitted, and enrolled to be an Attorney In the courtrof King's-bench, common pleas, exchequer, counties palatine of Chefter, Lancafter, Durham, or great  1 10 —  

  20    1

k

SCHEDULE (A.)—continued.

Nunc and Description of the Instrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.

England.

_____J____

Scotland.

feflions in Wales, not chargeable with any (lamp-duty on his admittance as Solicitor in any court or courts of equity.

Perfon actually and legally fworn, admitted, and inrftlled to be a Solicitor in any court of equity not chargeable with any damp-duty on his admittance as Solicitor in any other court of equity.

Perfon actually and legally fworn, admitted, and inrolled as Solicitor in any of his Majesty'9 courts of equity at Weftminfter, not chargeable with any ftamp-du;y on his admittance as attorney of the court of King's-bench or common pleas at Weftminfter. Certificate to be taken out by every Solicitor, At* torney, Notary, Proftor, Agent, or Procurator, previous to his commencing or defending any fuit or profecution, of his admifiion, inrolment, or register in any of his Majesty's courts at Weftminfter, or in any ecclesiastical court, or in any of the courts of admiralty, or in any of his Majesty's courts in Scotland, the great fef-fions in Wales, or in any courts in the counties palatine, or in any other court in Great Britain holding pleas, where the debt or damage doth amount to forty shillings or more j who shall reside in any of the inns of court, or in the cities of London or Weftminfter, or within the limits of the two-penny pod, or within the city and (hire of Edinburgh, if he has not been admitted three years—yearly  -

If he hjis been admitted three years or more— yearly -------

Certificate to be in like manner taken out by every Solicitor, Attorney, Notary, Pro£or, Agent, or Procurator, who shall reside in any other part of Great Britain out of the limits above mentioned, if he has not been admitted three years—yearly If be has been admitted three years or more-yearly •  -  -  -  -  -

i.

t. d.

#

5 -—**'

10

3

6

39* Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii IIF. c. 98. [1804.

SCHEDULE (A.)—continued.

Name and Defcription of the Jnftruraent, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty nttachej.

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

England.  Scotland.

£>• *• &  L- <• '•

Every Officer or Clerk of any of the said courts who is now, or at any time shall be charged with the payment of land-tax in respect of his office or appointment in such court for or by reason of his being employed in the condutf, care, or management of any adion, fuit, pro-fecution, or other proceeding therein relating to or concerning the buftnefs of his office or appointment only; and wherein such officer or clerk shall not be also retained or employed by the party or parties to such a&ion, fuit, profecution, or other proceeding, or by any Solicitor, Attorney, Notary, Proctor, Agent, or Procurator, for or in expectation of any fee or reward over y and above the fee or reward therefore due and payable to such officer or clerk in respect of his office or appointment in such court.

Certificate to be taken out by every Special Pleader, Draftfman in any court of equity, Conveyancer, and every other person who, for or in expectation of any fee, gain, or reward, shall draw or prepare any conveyance of or deed relating to any real or personal eftate, or any proceedings in law or equity; and residing in the city of London or Weftminfter, or within the limits of the two-penny poft, or city or (hire of Edinburgh—yearly  -  -

Certificate to be taken out by every Special Pleader, Draftfman in any court of equity. Conveyancer, and every other perfon, who, for or in expectation of any fee, gain, or reward, shall draw • or prepare any conveyance of or deed relating to any real or personal eftate, or any proceedings in law or equity, and residing in any part of Great Britain other than the city of London or Weftminfter, or within the limits of the two-penny poft, or city or (hire of Edinburgh —^•yearly  -

6------

10 —*

6------

SCHEDULE (A.)—continued.

Name and Defcription of the Inftrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

England.

£. s. d.

Scotland.

i.  <L

Seijeants at Law.

Barrifters.

Solicitors or Attornies, Notaries, Proctors, Agents, or Procurators, having obtained regular certificates.

Perfons solely employed to ingrofs or copy any deed, inftrument, or other proceedings not drawn or prepared by them-felves and for their own account re-fpedlively.

Publick Officers drawing or preparing official instruments applicable to their refpefHve offices and in the course of their duty.

Perfons preparing or drawing agreements under hand only, or wills.

Warrant, Mandate, Authority, Minute, or Memorandum given to any folicitor, attorney, notary, prodor, agent, or procurator , in Great Britain, to commence, carry on, or defend any fuit or prosecution in any of his Majesty's courts at Weftminfter, or in any ecdefiaftical court, or in any of the courts of admiralty or cinque ports, or in any of his Majesty's courts in Scotland, the great sessions in Wales, or in any courts in the counties palatine, or in any other court holding pleas, where the debt or damage shall amount to forty shillings or more

“5 —

S —

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

Warrant, Mandate, or Authority, to sue or defend, or any Memorandum or Minute thereof to be entered or filed of record in any a&ion, fuit, profecution, or other proceeding to be had, commenced, profecuted, or defended in any inferior court, wherein the debt or damage claimed or demanded shall not amount to forty (hillings.

Warrant, Authority, or any other Document, for or in respect of any pro* feedings commenced, carried on, pro-

SCHEDULE (A.) — continued.

Marne and Defcription of the lnftrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.

fccuted or defended in any of the courts aforesaid, upon any indictment whatfo-cver, or upon any information, fait, writ, or process in the name of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflbrs, or at the instance of his Majesty's attorney-general, his Majesty's advocate of Scotland, or any other officer or officers legally authorised to prosecute in his Majesty's name, or to sue for his Ma-jefty's intereft; but these exemptions not to extend to of include informations in the nature of quo warranto filed by his Majesty's coroner and attorney in the court of King's bench; nor to informations in any courts of equity at . the relation of private perfons; nor to informations wherein any person or persons other than his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflbrs, shall be entitled to any penalty or forfeiturS, or any part thereof.

Writ, Mandate, or other Procefs whatsoever that shall issue out of or pass the feals'of any of the courts at Weftminfter, courts of the great sessions in Wales, courts in the counties palatine, or any other court whatfoever, holding pleas where the debt or damage doth amount to forty (billings or above, or the thing in demand is of that value -  -

SPECIAL EXEMPTION.

Original Writ on which a writ of capias iffues.

Bail Special or Bail Common to be filed in any court of law whatsoever  -

Bail Bond -

Vtdf Bail Bond or Recognizance in Courts of Admiralty.

Alignment of Bail Bond -

Recognizance, whether entered of record in any court or office or not -  -

SPECIAL EXEMPTION.

Recognizance taken before anyjuftice or justices of the peace.

England.

— 5 -

—  2

—  2

— 26

1---------

Scotland.

I* J- L

tame and Defcription of the Inftrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches*  ^

\p pear a nee made in any a£Hon wherein no bail shall be filed or put in  -

Declaration, Plea, Replication, or any other pleadings whatsoever in any court of law ^opy of any Declaration, Plea, Replication, or any other pleadings whatfoever, in any court of law And for every sheet or piece of paper of which any such declaration, plea, replica* lion, or other pleadings, or any copy thereof shall confift, copied and computed as heretofore* over and above the first sheet fb copied and computed -  •

Record of Nifi Prius -  ....

Poftea  -

Judgement, any whatfoever, which shall be signed by the master of any office, or his deputy or fecondary, or by any prothonotary or his fe-condary, deputy, or cleric, or any other officer belonging to any of the courts at Wefiminfter, who have power, or usually doth or mall sign judgements -[nquifition taken by or before any sheriff of a county or his deputy  ....

Writ of Error -  «...

Writ of Certiorari -  -  -

Entry of Adlion in the mayor's and fherifPs courts of London, and in courts of all corporations, and other courts whatsoever holding pleas, out of which no writ, procefs, or mandate shall iflue, whefc the debt or damage doth amount to forty shillings or above ... Affidavit to be made use of in any court of law or equity at Weftminfter, or in any cours of great sessions for the counties in Wales, or in the courts of the counties palatine of Chefter, Lancafter, or Durham -Office-Copy of any futh affidavit, as last above-mentioned. «...

Vtdi also Affidavit to bo uftd in ecclcjiajlical courts or admiralty courts%

Affidavit not to be used in any court of law or equity SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

Affidavits taken before any justice or juf-tices of the peace, Or before the com-)

England*

C s. d.

—  26

—  — 4

-----4

—  10 —

—  io —

Scotland.

*• d*

—  IO —

—  IO —

— 26

—  26

—  26

— 2 —

SCHEDULE (A.)— continued.    

Name i nd Deicription of the Inftrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.  England.  Scotland.

miflioners or officers of any publick board of revenue, or before commif-fioners appointed or to be appointed by any ad of parliament, and authorised to take affidavits.  Bill, Anfwer, Plea, Replication, or any other pleading whatsoever in the courts of chancery, exchequer, duchy court, and county palatine  £• i* d.  £. , i.

courts, or other courts of equity f Office-Copy of any bill, anfwer, plea, replication, or other pleadings whatfoever, in any such  — 5 —  **

court of equity - -  And for every folio, calculated at ninety words, of which any such copy as last above mentioned shall confift, over and above the firfl: folio fo calculated, a fur-  — 4  

tber duty of -Interrogatories in the courts of chancery, exchequer, duchy court, and county jpalatine courts, or  — 4  

other courts of equity - -Depofttions taken by Commiffion in the courts of  - 5 —  —

chancery, exchequer, duchy court, or county    

palatine courts or other courts of equity - -  SPECIAL EXEMPTION.  Paper Drafts of Depofitions in any court of equity taken by virtue of any com-sniffion before they are engrofled. Depofition taken (not by Commiffion) in the court  — 5 —  

of chancery, or any other court of equity -Office-Copy of any Interrogatories, or of depositions taken, whether by commission or not, in any  — 4  

fuch court of equity -  And for every folio, calculated at ninety words each, of whUh any such copy of bill, anfwer, plea, replication, or other pleadings whatfoever, or interrogatories or depofitions, shall confift, over and above    4  

the first folio fo calculated, a further duty of Rule made in any of the courts of law or equity at    4  

Weftminfter .... Order made or given in any of the courts of law  — 26  

or equity at Westminster -Summons or any Judge of any of the courts at  — 26  

Wcftfunftcr «...  — I —  

SCHEDULE (A.)—continrued.

Ume and Defcription of the Inftrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.

)rder made or given by any Judge of any of the courts at Wedminder. -  -

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

Summons of any Judge for any particulars of plaintiffs demand, or for any stay of proceedings on payment of debt and cods, or for further time to plead, reply, or rejoin, or on the application of any prisoner or insolvent debtor.

Order made or given by any judge on any such summons as lad above mentioned.

Office-Copy of any rule made or order given in any of the courts of law or equity at Wed-minder, or by any judge of any of the courts at Wedminder -  -

3ffice-Copy of any record or proceeding (not being a rule made, or order made or given), in any of the courts of law or equity at Wedminder And for each and every skin of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, of which such copy shall confift, over and above the first such (kin, fheet, or piece, copied and computed as aforesaid, a further duty of -  -

decree made by or in the court of chancery or exchequer at Wedminder, of great sessions in Wales, or court of the county palatine or duchy of Lancader, or courts of the counties palatine of Cheder, or Durham - .  -

Difmiflion made by or in the court of chancery or exchequer at Wedminder, of great sessions in Wales, or court of the county palatine or duchy of Lancader, or courts of the counties palatine of Cheder or Durham

And for each and every skin of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, copied and computed as heretofore, of which any suchdecree or dismission shall confid, over and above the first such fkin, fheet, or piece, a further duty of -  -

Libel in any ecclefiadical court -Allegation in any ecclefiadical court Depofidon in any ecclefiadical court

England.

£• d-

— 2 6

— 26

— 2 —

— 16

— 16

Scotland.

£. t. d.

1 6 5 — 5 — 5 “

Nameaud Ekfcriptionof the Instrument* Article, or Thing, " on which the Duty attaches.

Copy of Libel* Allegation* or Drpofition in any ecclesiastical court . * ^  •

And for every (beet* copied and computed as heretofore* of which any fadi copy shall confift, over above the fir(h (beet fo copied and computed* a further duty of -Monition or Citation made by or iftiied out of any eccleliaflical court Office-Copy of any such monition or citation made by or issued out of any ecclesiastical court -Anfwer in any ecclesiastical court Sentence in any ecclesiastical court Final Decree in any ecclesiastical court'

Copy of any sentence or final decree, or answer in any ecclesiastical court -  -

And for every flicet copied and computed as heretofore, of which any such copy shall confift* over and above the first sheet fo copied and computed* a further duty of Commiffion issuing out of any ecclesiastical court Inventory exhibited in any ecclesiastical court Copy of any inventory exhibited in any ecclesiastical court -

And for every (heet copied and computed as heretofore, of which any such copy (han confift* over and above the first (beet fo copied and computed* a further duty of Certificate or Teftimonial of having taken or received the Holy Sacrament Licence for Marriage -  -  -

Certificate of Marriage ...

SPECIAL EXEMPTION.

England.

£•

s. d.

5 ~

4  •

5  ■

—  5 — ~ 5 —

—  5 -

—  5 _

~ 5“

~ 4 — ~ 5 — ~ 5 —

— 5 —

4  ~

5  -10 —

5 -

Scotland

£. t. I

Certificate of the marriage of any common feamen, marine, or foldier. Difpenfation to hold Two Ecclefiaftical Dignities or Benefices* or both a Dignity and a Benefice* where neither of the livings is above ten pounds value in the King's Books Where either is above ten pounds -Any other dispensation from the lord arch-bifhop of Canterbury or the matter of the faculties for the time being Faculty* from the lord archbilhop of Canterbury or the matter of the faculties for the time being

20------

30------

30------

30------

SCHEDULE (A.)—continued.    _ m

Same and Defcription of the Inftrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.  England.  Scotland.

Matriculation in either of the two Univerfities in  £• s. d.  £- *■ *.

England - -legiftcr or Entry of any Degree taken in either of the two Univerfities in England, other than  — 10 —  

the degree of Bachelor of Arts Certificate or Teftimoniai of any degree taken in either of the two Univerfities in England,  6    -

other than the degree of Bachelor of Arts . legifter or Entry of the degree of Bachelor of Arts taken in cither of the two Univerfities in  IO    —  

England - -Certificate or Teftimoniai of the degree of Bachelor of Arts taken in either of the two Univerfities  3    1

in England -Vefentation or Donation of or to any benefice, dignity, or spiritual or ecclesiastical promotion whatfoever, which (ball be of the yearly value  3    

of ten pounds, or above, in the King's Books Vcfentation or Donation of or to any benefice, dignity, or spiritual or ecclesiastical promotion whatfoever, under the yearly value of ten  20 — —  

pounds in the King's Books Jollation which shall be made by any aichbiftiopor other biihop of or to any benefice, dignity, or spiritual or ecclesiastical promotion whatfoever, which lhall be of the yearly value of ten pounds, or above, in the King's Books lollation which shall be made by any archbishop or other bishop of or to any benefice, dignity, or spiritual or ecclesiastical promotion whatfoever, under the yearly value of ten pounds in the  JO — —  

  20    

King's Books - - -uftitution or Licence which shall pass the feal of any archbilhop or bifhop, chancellor, or other ordinary, or of any ecclesiastical court what-  10    

foever, in England - - -  SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS,  Licence appointing any Stipendiary Curate, in which the annual amount of the stipend shall be inferted, that shall pass the feal of any archbishop or bifhop, chancellor or other ordinary, or of any ecclesiastical court whatever, in England, Licence for Non-refidence of Clergymen  2    

400 Anno regni quadragcGnto quarto Georgii III. c. 98. [1804.    

SCHEDULE (A.)'—continued.  '  

Name and Defcription of the Inftrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.  England.  Scotland.

granted under the a& of the 43 Geo. 3. cap. 84.  £. s. d.  £. s. i

Copy of or Extract from any Will  And fofr every copy-fheet, calculated at ninety words eacn, of which any such copy of or extra# from any will, shall confift, over and above the firft: copy-    

(beet fo calculated, a further duty of -Attefted Copy of a Probate ofany Will, or Letters  I —  —

of Adminiftration -  And for every ten common law iheets, (calculated at ninety words to each (beet), of which any such copy flihll consist over    

and above twenty such common law (heets.    -

a further duty of Appeal from any court of admiralty, court of arches,     I     —

or the prerogative court of Canterbury or    

York -Libel or Allegation in the courts of admiralty or  *5    10 —

cinque ports -  — 5 —  — 4 —

Inventory in the courts of admiralty or cinque ports  — 5 —  — 4 —

Dcpofition in the courts of admiralty or cinque ports Copy t>f any libel, allegation, depofition, or inven-  — 5 ~  — 4

tory, in the courts of admiralty or cinque ports  “ 5 “  — 4 —

And for every sheet copied and computet as heretofore, of which any such copy shall confift, over and above the first sheet fo    

. copied and computed, a further duty of Bail-Bond or Recognizance taken in the courts ol admiralty, or cinque ports holding admiralty  — 4 -  - 3-

jurifdidlion -  Vide Bail-Bonds in general•  Affidavit in any ecclesiastical court, or courts ol:    -19-

admiralty or cinque ports ... Vide Affidavit in general.  Vide also Affidavit to be ttfed in courts of law. Copy of any affidavit in any ecclesiastical court, or  ~ 5 “  — 4n

courts of admiralty or cinque ports -  — 5 —  - 4-1

And for every meet copied and computed as heretofore, cf which any such copy shall confift, over and above the first sheet fo    

copied and computed, a further duty of Warrant by, or issued out ofany court of admiralty  — 4 -  - 3^

or the cinque ports ...  —15 -  — lo *1

Name and Defcription of th« Instrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attache*

England*

Scotland*

Citation or Monition in any court of admiralty or the cinque port9* ‘  *  -

Anfwer in any court of admiralty or the cinque ports  -  -  -

Interlocutory Decree having the force and effect of a definitive fentcnce, in any court of admiralty or the cinque ports  -

Copy of any such warrant, citation, monition, anfwer, or interlocutory decree, in any court of admiralty or the cinque ports -  .

And for every sheet copied and computed as heretofore, of which any such copy shall confift, over and above the first sheet fo copied and computed, a Further duty of Sentence in the courts of admiralty, or the cinque ports exercising admiralty jurisdiction Attachment made out of any of the courts of admiralty, or cinque ports exercising admiralty , jurifdiClron  -  •  -

Relaxation of any Attachment made out of any of the courts of admiralty, or cinque ports exercising admiralty jurifdittion * -  »

Writ of Appeal  -  -  -  •

Letters of Mart or Marque and Reprifal Deed or other Inftrument of Conveyance, Surrender, Leafe, Releafe, Grant, Appointment, Confirmation, Aflignment, Transfer,Covenant, or any other Deed or any obligatory inftru-ment whatever (not otherwise charged in this fcbedule}, which may or shall be inrolfed or regiftered, or not, upon any number of words not amounting to thirty Common law fheet* (calculated at feventy-two words to each (heet), of which any such deed or inftrument, as above-mtentioned, together with every fchcdule, receipt, inftrument, or other matter,' put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall consist  -

. And for every entire quantity of fifteen common law (beets (calculated at feventy-two. words to each fheet), of which any such deed, or other instrument aforesaid, together with every fcbedule, inftrument, or other matter, not being a receipt for mdney, put or indorsed thereon, or Vot, XLV.  D  fi

£. s. d.

— 5 —

1 10 —

X 10 —•

1  ro —

2  ------

I 10-

£. s.

—  IS —

—  *5 -

—  4 —

1 —

1 9 —

SCHEDULE (A.) — continued.

Name and Description of the In tollmen t, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches#

anftexed thereto* (halt confift, over and above the fuft fifteen such common law (beets, a further duty of

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

England.

iC* *• i

I---------

Scotland.

— 19-

Commiffions granted to Officers of Yeomanry Cavalry or Volunteer Infantry. Leafe of waste or uncultivated land to any poor or labouring man for any term not exceeding three lives or ninety-nine years, when the fine shall not exceed nve (hillings, and the re-fcrved rent one guinea per annum.

Policy of Afliirance or Infurance, and any writing commonly fo called for infilling any events or contingencies relative to a life or lives.

Copy, purporting to be a two copy, or anefted to be a true copy, of any such deed or other instrument last above-mentioned, including every (uch fchedule, receipt, inftrument, or other matter, or any part thereof, made or to be made for the fecurjty or life of any person or persons being a party or parties to the fame deed, or other inftrument, and not having the custody of the original deed, or other inftrument, or of any counterpart or duplicate thereof, or where such copy shall be made in lieu of such original deed, or other inftrument, upon any number of words not amounting to twenty common law (heets (calculated at feventy*two words to each iheet), of which such copy shall confift

And for every entire quantity of ten common law (heets (calculated at feventy-two words to each (heet), of which any such copy shall confift, over and above the first tery (uch common law (heets, a further duty of

Copy, purporting to be a. true copy, of any such deed or other inftrument, including every such fcheduta, receipt, inftrument, or other matter* or any part thereof, for the feCurity or use of any person or perfopt other than any or either of the parties to tho fame deed or other inftru- >

— 10 H

— 10-

1804.3 AnnorcgniquadragefimoquartoGEORGU III. c.98.  403

SCHEDULE (A.) —continued. -    

Name and Description of the Instrument* Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches*  England.  Scotland.

ment not having the custody of such original deed or other inftrument, or any duplicate or part thereof, or where such copy shall not be made in lieu of any such original deed or other inftrument, upon any number of words not amounting to twenty common law (beets (calculated at feventy-two words to each  & '• d.  £• '

tiieet), of which any such copy shall consist And for every entire quantity of ten common law Iheets (calculated at feventytwo words to each (beet), of which any such copy shall confift, over and above the first ten such common law (beets* a fur-    — t —*

ther duty of -Certificate of Commiffioners used upon the sale or alienation of fee-farm or other rents of woods, forefts, ot lands belonging to the Crown, where the consideration tnoney shall exceed    

£.10 * '« - * SPECIAL EXEMPTION.  Certificates of such commiffioners, where * the confideratioa money shall not exceed £. 10.  Surrender of Copyhold Land or Tenement, or lands or tenements in England, under the  I 16 —  t 9

value of twenty shillings per annum *  SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.  Original Surrender to the use of a will. Court-Roll or Court-Book wherein the proceedings of the court are entered or intolledt  Surrender of any Copyhold Land dr Tenement, or lands or tenements in England* above the  *“$ -  Mm

Value of twenty shillings per annum • SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.  Original Surrender to the use of a will. Court-Roll or Book wherein the proceedings of the court are entered or in-rolled.  Admittance to any Copyhold Land or Tenement* or lands or tenements in England, under the  - i$ —  Mm

value of twenty shillings per annum Admittance to any Copyhold Land or Tenement,  — 5 ~  

Dm

SCHEDULE (A.) — continued.    

Name and Defcription of the Inftrument, Article,or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.  England.  Scotland.

or lands or tenements in England, above the  £. s• d.  £. j. d.

value of twenty shillings per annum Copy of any Surrender of and admittance to any cuftom-right or tenant-right eftate,'not exceeding the clear yearly value of twenty (hillings, and not being copyhpld, which shall pass by surrender and admittance or by admittance only, and which shall hot pass by deed, in  — 15 -  

' England • -Copy of any Surrender of or admittance to cuftom-right or tenant-right eftate, exceeding the clear yearly value of twenty (hillings, and not being copyhold, which shall pass by surrender and admittance, or by admittance only, and  — s —  

which shall not pass by deed, in England . Grant or Leafe by Copy of Court-Roll of any honour or manor in England, of any land or tenement under the value of twenty (hillings  — »5 —  

per annum -Grant or Leafe by Copy of Court-Roll of any honour or manor in England, of any land or tenement above the value of twenty (hillings  — 5 -  

per annum - -Copy of the Court-Roll of any honour or manor in England, in relation to any land or tenement  — 15 —  

under the value of twenty millings per annum Copy* of the Court-Roll of any honour or manor in England, in relation to any land or tenement  — 5 ~  

above the value of twenty shillings per annum Deed or other instrument by way of mortgage, or inftrument, or covenant to furrender, or copy of court-roll, or conditional surrender by way of mortgage, for the security of any (iim of money lent on any property whatfoever, whether real or perfonal, and of whatever tenure  — 15 —  

or defcription, not exceeding £, ioo -  I 10 —  —

exceeding £, ioo, and not exceeding ? 300 -  2 — —  • —

exceeding ?. 300, and not exceeding?, 509 -  3 — -  , —

exceeding?. 500, and not exceeding £. 1,000  4    —*

exceeding 1,000, and not exceeding /. 2,000  5 —■  

exceeding ?. 2,000, and not exceeding /. 3*000  6    —

exceeding ?. 3,020, and not exceeding ?. 4,000  7 —. —  —

exceeding^4,000, and not exceeding?. 5*000  8 :    J

exceeding 5,000, and not exceeding £ 10,cco  IQ  - 1

SCHEDULE (A.) — continued.

Name and Dcfcription of the Inftriiment, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attachts.

exceeding/. io,coo, and not exceeding^* 15,000 exceeding £. *5>ooo, and not exceeding £. 20,000 exceeding£. 20,000  -

The laid fevera! and respective duties on such laft-roentioned deeds or. other instruments (other than and except any inftrument, covenant, or copy relating to copyhold lands or tenements) to be payable and paid for and in respect of any number of words therein, not amounting to thirty common law (beets (calculated at feventy-two words to each (beet),' of which any such deed or other inftrument, together with every fchedulc, receipt, inftrument, or other matter put or indorsed thereon or annexed thereto, shall confift.

And for every entire quantity of fifteen common law (beets (calculated at feventy-two words to each (beet), of which any such ]aft-roentioned deed or other inftru-tnent, together with every fchedule, re* Ceipr, inftrument, or other matter put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall consist (over and above the first fifteen such common law (beets), a further duty of  -  -'  •

Bond, commonly called Mongage Bond, or bond given as a collateral fecurity, for or in respect of any mortgage  -  -  -

Deedorotherinftrument, or Transfer, or Affignment of any mortgage for the security of any sum of money lent on any property whatfoever, where the mortgagor or his real or personal reprefen-tatives or assigns are not made parties to the transfer or 'affignment, for any number of words therein, not amounting to thirty common law (heets (calculated at Teventy-two words to each (beet), of which any such deed or other instrument as lad-mentioned (ball consist  *  -

And for every entire quantity of fifteen common law meets, calculated at feventy-two words to each {heet,- of which any such deed or other instrument last above-mentioned, together with every fchedule*

England.

Scotland.

£■ '•

£. d.

12-------

is-------

20--------

SCHEDULE (A.) — continued. I    

Name and Dcfcription of the Inftrument, Article, or Thing, 1 on which the Duty attaches.  England. 1  Scotiind.

inftrument, or other matter not being a receipt for money, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall consist (over and  £• *• d. I  i£. t. 1

above the first fifteen such common law (heets), a further duty of Writ of Covenant for levying any fine Writ of Entry for fu fieri ng a common recovery Exemplification of what nature foever, that shall pass the feal of any court whatsoever Award under hand and feal, or under hand only, made it) England, and whether the fame shall or shall not be inrolied of record in or made a rule of any court, upon any number of words therein, not amounting to thirty common law (beets, calculated at feventy-two words to each (beet, of Which any such award shall consist  -

And for every entire quantity of fifteen common law (heets (calculated at feventy-two words to each (heet), of which any such award, together with any fchedule, receipt, ■ inftrqment, or other piatter put qr indorsed thereon or annexed thereto, (halt consist (over and above the first fifteen common law (heets), a further duty of * farter-party, Memorandum for Charter of any other inftrument, note, letter, or other minu-ment or writing, between the captain, tnafter, or owner of any ship or veftel and any merchant, trader, or other perfon, in respect to the freight or conveyance of any money, goods, Wares, merchandize, or effeds, laden or to be laden on board any such ship or veflcl, upon any number of words therein, not amounting to thirty cpmmon law (heets (calculated at (eventyrtwa words tQ each (heet), of which the fame shall consist -  -

And for every entire quantity of fifteen common' law (heets (calculated at seventy two words to each (heet), of which any such charter-party, memorandum for charter, or any other inftrument, note, letter, or other minument or wri-p‘n& l*ft above-mentioned, together with

1  -v—

a — -

2  — .

3  ------1

x 10 —I  -*

x xo

SCHEDULE (A.)—continued.    

Name and Description ot the lnftrument, Article* or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.  England.  Scotland.

any fchedule, receipt, inftrument, or other matter put or indorsed therein, or annexed thereto, shall consist (over and above the first fifteen common law (beets), a further duty of - . <•  L* s•  —19 —

Leafe of Lands or Tenements for a term not exceeding twenty-one years, when the full improved annual value thereof, and rent refer ved thereby, shall not be more than ten pounds, or lease for a life or lives, or for years determinable on a life or lives, where the fine or consideration shall not exceed twenty pounds, and the reserved rent shall not exceed forty (hillings, upon any number of words not amounting to thirty common law (heets (calculated at feventv-two words to each (beet), of which any such lease shall consist    

And for every entire quantity of fifteen com mon law (heets (calculated at feventy-two words to each (hecr), of which any such leafe, together with every fchedule, receipt, inftnunem* or other matter put or indorsed thereon or annexed thereto, a shall consist (over and above the first fifteen common law (heets), a further duty of •'    

Agreement made in England under hand only, where the matter thereof shall be of the value of £, TO or upwards, whether the fame shall be only the evidence of a contract, or obligatory upon the parties from its being a written inftrument, upon any number of words, not amounting to thirty common law (heets (calculated at fcuenty-two words to each Qieet), of which any such agreement shall consist  — l6 —  

And for every entire quantity of fifteen common law (heets (calculated at feventy-two words to each (beet), of which any such agreement, together with eVery fchedule, receipt, inftrument, or other matter put or    

indorfed thereon or annexed thereto, shall confift, over and above the first fifteen common law (heets, a further duty of *  1  —16 —  —

SCHEDULE (A.) —continued.

Name and Defcription of the Inftrumenf, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

Label, Slip, or Memorandum, containing the heads of infufances to be made by the corporations of the Royal Exchange assurance or London afiurance, or the corporations of the Royal Exchange ?(Turance of houses and goods from fire, and London assurances of houses and goods from fire.

Memorandum or Agreement for any lease at rack rent of any messuage under the yearly value of five pounds.

Memorandum or Agreement for the hire of any labourer, artificer, manufadurer, or menial fervant.

Memorandum, Letter, or Agreement, made for or relating to the file of any goods, wares, or merchandize.

Memorandum or Agreement made be* tween matter and mariners of any coatting vessel for wages.

Letter or Letters, containing an agreement in respect of any merchandize, or evidence of such an agreement which shall pass by the post between merchants and other persons carrying on trade or commerce, and residing and actually being, at the time of fending such letters, at the dittance of fifty miles from each other.

* ~ Vide Deed, Indenture, Wr.

Memorial for the Regifter of Deeds or other inftru-ments in the register office of register counties in England -  -  -  -

Copy of or extract from any register kept in any register office of anyregifter county in England .Memorial for regifteripg any original deed or other inftrument, by which any annuity shall be granted  -  -

Bond of anv kind whatsoever (not otherwise charged in this fchedule, or wholly exempted from duty), upon any number of words not amounting to thirty common law sheets (calculated at feventy-two words to each fheet). Of which any such bond shall consist -  -  j

England. Scotland. Sm d»

Name and Defcription of the Inltrume nt, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.

And for every entire quantity of fifteen common law sheets (calculated at feventy-two words to each (heet), of which any such bond, together with every fchedule, receipt, instrument, or other matter put or iitdorfed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall confift, over and above the first fifteen common law (beets, a further duty of -

EXEMPTIONS FROM ALL STAMP. DUTIES.

A durance Corporation Bonds.

Bond by treasurers or truftces of friendly societies to the clerks of the peace. Administration Bond of the widow, children, father* mother, brother, or fitter of any common feaman, foldier^ or marine, who shall be (lain or die in the service cf his Majesty, his heirs or fuccefiors.

Adminiftration Bond of any person where the |ettaie administered to shall not exceed the value of £. 20.

Bond, given, taken, or entered into, under the audkority of any a£t or a£i$ of parliament made or to be made for or in respect of the duties and revenues of cuttoms or excife, or of any matter or thing relating to those duties or revenues  -  -

England. Scotland.

I. d*  J.  dm

— 15

f4

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS FROM ALL STAMP-DUTIES.

Bonds given by fi(h-:akers or curers; or by the matter or owner of any boat, (hip, or vessel employed in the Britifli fiflieries, or in the exportation or conveyance of fi(h j or for fait to be used or employed in curing or preserving fifh; or to prevent the exportation of wool, woolfels, mortlings, fhortlings, yarn, or worsted tpade ot wool, or any manufacture thereof; or for the exportation of tobacco from the King's ware-houfe; or bond, commonly called <or known by the name of coast bonds ;

SCHEDULE (A.)—continued.    

Kame and Defcription of the inftrument. Article! or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.  England.  Scotland.

or bond to prevent the exportation of fuller's-earth, fulling clay, or tobacco-pipe clay, entered into pursuant to any ad or ads of'parliament.  Bond given as fecuriry for any sura of money not  *•  £. s. L

exceeding £. 100  I *“*■  — *9-

exceeding /*. 100, and not exceeding L.%00 -  I JO —  1 9-

exceeding £.300, and not exceeding £.500 -  a    1 19-

exceeding £.506, and not exceeding £.1,000  3 —  a 19 —

exceeding £.i,coo> and not exceeding /.a,coo  4 —-  3 *9-

exceeding £.2,000, and not exceeding £ .3,000  5 —  4 19-

exceeding Z.3,000, and not exceeding /T^ooo  6 — —  5 *9-

exceeding £.4,000, and not exceeding £.5,000  7 —  6 19 —

exceeding 7.5,oog, and not exceeding £.10,000  9 —  8 19 —

exceeding 7.10,00c, and not exceeding £.15,000 exceeding £.15,000, and not exceeding £. 20,00c  ia — —  II 19 —

  IS    14 19 -

exceeding £.20,000 - . -  ao    19 19 -

Indenture of ApprenticeQiip, where the sum or va-    

lue given, paid, contracted, or agreed for, with or in relation to such appren-    

tice shall not exceed £10  — IS —  — 14 -

exceeding /10, and not exceeding /20  I 10 —  1 9-

exceeding £20, and not exceeding £50  2 IO —  2 9-

exceeding £56, and not exceeding £100 -  5    4 *9"

exceeding /ioo, and not exceeding £300 -  12 — —■  II 19 ~

exceeding £sco -  2Q    19 19-

SPECIAL EXEMPTION.  Indenture for binding poor parUh children    

apprentices, or other children by any    

publick charity.  Alignment of Indenture of Apprenticefhip (except of poor parish children, or other children, by    

any publick charity)  - *5 —  — 14 -

Paflport -  — 3 —  - 3-

Bill or Note of Lading for any Goods or Mcrchan-    

diae to be exported ....    

Proteft -    - 3-

Notarial Aft, any, whatsoever ...  — s  - 3“

Debenture or Certificate for drawing back any cuf-    

toms or duties, or any part of any customs or duties, for or in respect of the mipping, re-    

Shipping, or exporting any goods or mereban-    *

x3c>4'] Anno regniquadfagdimo quarto Georgii III. c. 98. 411 SCHEDULE (A.)—continued.

Name and Deicriptioo of the Iaftrumcnt, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches*

dize, which shall be exported, or be (hipped to be exported* from Great Britain for any parts beyond the seas  -  -  •

Procuration  -

fetter. Warrant, or Power of Attorney upon any number of words nor amounting to thirty common law (beets (calculated at feventy-two words to each (hect), of which any fiich letter, warrant, or power of attorney shall conflft

And for evenr entire quantity of fifteen common law meets (calculated at feventy-two words to each meet), of which any such letter, warrant, or power of attorney shall Confift, over and above the first fifteen common law (beets, a further duty of -Letter, Warrant, or Power of Attorney, given by any petty officer, Teaman, or marine, or soldier ferv-ing as a marine, for the receipt of prize money Statute-Staple  •  -

Statute-Merchant -Transfer of Bank or South Sea Stock

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

Transfer of Stock in Government Funds. Vide Transfer of Stock in any Company, Society, or Corporation.

Transfer of Stock or Share in any Company, Society, or Corporation whatever (not being Bank or South SSea dock, or East India flock or flock in government funds), where the amount of the stock or (hare to be transferred shall not exceed £,ioo where the amount shall exceed £. i co, and not exceed £.200  -

where the amount shall exceed £.200, and not exceed £.300  -

where the amount shall exceed £.300,and not exceed £.400 where the amount shall exceed£.400, and not exceed £.500  -

where the amount shall exceed £.500, and not exceed £. 1,000  -

where the amount shall exceed £.1,000, and not cxceecd £.2,000  -  -  -

England.  Scotland.

£. s.  £. *. d

— 4 -  I  t  >5 4*  II

1    — *9 —

x    — 19 —

   j _  ,   2 —

I — —  — 19 —

1  1 ** '1  — 19 —

I IO —  1 9 —

2    1 19 —

2 10 —  a 9 —

3    a 19 —

3 10 —  3 9 —

5    4 19 —

7 10 -r  7 9 —

SCHEDULE (A.) — continued*    

Name and Defeription of the Inftmment, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.  England.  Scotland.

Transfer of Stock continued.  where the amount shall exceed. £.2,000, anc  & *■ d.  £• Sm L

not exceed £.3,000 where the amount.ihall exceed £.3,000, and  10 — —  9 19-

not exceed £.4,000 -where the amount {hall exceed £.4,000, and  12 IO —  ia 9-

not exceed £.5,000 -where the amount shall exceed £.5,000, and  *5    *4 19-

not exceed £.10,000 - - .  17 10 —  I79 —

where the amount {ball exceed £.10,000 -Policy of Affurance or Infurance, or any writing commonly fo called, for insuring houfes, fumini tu re, goods, wares, merchandize or other  20    19 19-

property from loss by fire • - .  Vtdt Annual Duty cn Firt bifurancej, Schedule (B).  Policy of Aflurance or Ipfurance, or any writing commonly fo called, for insuring any ship or {hips, goods or merchandize, or any other property or interest whereon infuranees may be lawfully, made for any voyage to or from any part or place in the United Kingdon of Great Britain and Ireland, or the jflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney or Sark, or the Ifle of Man, or from or to any other port or place in the (aid kingdom, or in the islands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney or Sark, or the Ifle of Man, where the premium, or consideration in the nature of a premium, actually and* bond fide paid, given, or con traced for, shall not exceed the rate of twenty shillings per centum, that is to fay, where the sum to be insured shall amount    '

to £.100  — 1 3  — i 3

And progrefllvcly for every £.iqo fo insured And where the sum insured shall not amount  — * 3  - *

to£.ico - - - ■*  And where the sum infured' shall exceed £.100, or any progressive sums of £.100 each by any fractional part of one hundred  — 1 3  - 1 3 j

pounds, for such fractional part And where the premium or consideration in the nature of a premium, actually and bona fide paid, given* or contracted for, {hall exceed the rate of twenty shillings per centum (chat is to fay),  Where the sum to be insured shall amount to  — 3  - 1 3

£.ico - .  — 2 6  - a 6

*

Kiini and Dtfeription of the Inftrument* Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attache*.

Policy of Affiirance &c. continued.

And progressively for every £.100 fo insured And where the sum to be igfured {hall not amount to £*100  —

And where the sum fo to be insured {ball exceed £.100, or any progressive sums of £*ioo each, by any/rational part of £. ioo, for such fradional part tolicy of Aflurance or Infurance, or any writing commonly fo called, for insuring any (hip* or (hips, goods or merchandize, Or any other property or interest whereon infurances'may be lawfully made, where the premium, or confi deration in the nature of a premium, actually and bona fide paid, given, or contracted for, (ball not exceed the rate of twenty {hillings per centum (that is to fay,) where the sum to be insured shall amount to one hundred pounds And progressively for every £. 100 fo insured And where the sum insured shall not amount to £.100  -  -

And where the sum insured shall exceed^. 100 or any progressive sums of £*ioo each, by any fractional part of £.100, for such fractional part -And where the premium, or consideration in the nature of a premium, actually and bona fide paid, given, or contracted for, shall exceed the rate of twenty shillings per centum (that is to fay),

Where the sum to be insured shall amount to £9100  -  -  -

And progressively for every ^.100 fo insured And where the sum to be insured shall not amount to ^.100  -

And where the sum to be insured shall ex-, ceed £.100, or any progressive sums of £.100 each, by any fractional part of^.ioo, tor such fractional part Commiffion or Deputation given, granted, or iffiied by the commissioners of customs or excife, for the time being  -  -

Entry, Minute, or Memorandum of any admission into any corporation or company, in the court-book, noil, or record of any such corporation or company -  -  T

England.

£• s* d

—  26

—  2 6

— 26

Scotland.

—  26

—  26

—  26

— ,2 6

—  5 —

—  5 “

— 5 —

1 10-

£• *• d.

—  2 6

—  2 6

— 26

—  26

—  26

—  26

-2 6

—  5 —

—  5 —

—  5 —

—  5 — 1 9 —

-  19 —

England.  Scotland.

£• *• ^  £. s. I

ao    —

20 — —  —

50      >  —

— 11 6  — 12 6

I 10 -  1 5-

16 — —  12 — —

8    4-~

20 — —  16 — —

20    16 — —*

20 — —  16  

20 — —  16  *

SCHEDULE (A.)—continued.

Marne and Defcription ot the Infaumcat, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attache*.

Admittance of or Inftrument for admitting any Fellow of the College of Pkyficiantyin England Admiffion into any of the four inns of court, or other inn of court or chancery Regifter or entry of any degree in any of the inns of court or chancery  -

Warrant or order beneficial under the sign manual of his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefiors, for the navy, army, or ordnance -Warrant or order beneficial f other than as last above-mentioned), under tne sign manual of his Majesty, his heirs or fuccefiors Grant from his Majesty, his heirs or fuccefiors, of any sum of money exceeding^. ioo, which shall 1 pais the great feal or privy leal

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

Any such grant which Hull pass the privy leal directed to the great feaJ, to pay the duty on palling the great feal only.

Grant of any office or employment which shall exceed the value of £.50 per annum, and {hail not exceed £.100 per annum Grant of any office or employment which shall exceed the value of £.100 per annum, calculated on the amount of the faiary, fees, and perquisites appertaining to such office or employment -Grant under the great feal of Great Britain or the feal of the duchy or county palatine of Lancafter, of any honour,* dignity, promotion, franebife, liberty, or privilege to any person or perfons, bodies politick or corporate - .

Letters Patent under the great fea! of Great Britain, or the leal of the duchy or county palatine of Lancafter, of any honour, dignity, promotion, franchife, liberty, or privilege, to any person or perfons, bodies politick or corporate Exemplification of any such grant or letters pa as lad-above-mentioned

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

Commifiions of rebellion in procefs.

Briefs or letters patent for colleding cl table benevolences.

lame and Defcription of the Inftniment, Article, or Thing) on which the Duty attaches.

pecification in relped of a patent for any difeovery or invention whatever -Jrant of lands in fee or lease for years, or grant of other profit, that shall pass the great feal of Great Britain, the feal of the exchequer, the feal of the duchy or county palatine of Lancafter, or the privy feal

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

England. £. s, d. S —

20------

Anv such grant which shall pass the privy (eal, directed to the great (eal, to pay the duty on palling the great feal only.

Grant, conveyance, or assurance of any fee-farm or other rents of the duchy of Lancafter, where the consideration money shall not exceed £.10.

Licence granted by any justice or justices of the peace, or other magistrate or magiftrates, for felling ale, beer, or other excifeable liquors by retail, yearly ------

22 —

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS*

For licences granted to persons duly licen-fed by the chancellors or vice-chancellors of the two Univerfities in England, or by either of them, for felling wine* For licences granted to any person who shall be a mafter, warden, freeman, or one of the commonalty of the vintners of the city of London, admitted to his freedom by right of patrimomy or ap-prenticelhip only.

For licences granted to any person to keep either of the three wine taverns within the borough of St. Alban's in the county of Hertford, licensed by the mayor and hurgeffes thereof, according to the tenor of certain letters patent granted by Queen Elizabeth and .King James the First, for and towards the maintenance of a free school there.

Licence for uttering or vending by retail, within the cities of London and Weftminfter, or within the limits of the two«penny poft, any hats commonly called or known by the name of felt qr

Scotland.

£~TT

419 —

is —

XI —

SCHEDULE (A.)—continued.

Name and Ddcription of the InftrumeDt, Article, or Thing on which the Duty attaches. .

wool, fluff or beaver hats, or any leather or japanned hats, ot any hats made wholly of felt, wool, fluff, beaver, or leather, or any mixture of the (aid fubflances, or any of them, or mixed with any other substance or fubflances, by whatever name such hats shall be called or diftingutfhed, yearly -  -  -

Licence for uttering or vending by retail any hats commonly called or known by the dame of felt or wool, fluff or beaver hats, or any leather or japanned hats, or any hats made wholly of felt, wool, fluff, beaver or leather, or any mixture of the said substances or any of them, or mixed with any other substance or fubflances, by whatever name such hats shall be called or diftingui(hed, in any other place than as laft-above-mentioned, yearly Licence to be taken out by the owner, proprietor, maker, and compounder of, and by every person tittering, vending, or expofingto Tale, or keeping ready for fale, any drugs, herbs, pills, waters, eflences, tin&ures, powders, or other preparations or compoGtions whatfoever, used or applied, or to be used or applied, externally or internally, as medicines or medicaments for the prevention, cure or relief, of any disorder or complaint incident to or in anywise affecting the human .body, or any packets, boxes, bottles, pots, phials or other inctofures with any contents, subject to the duties by this a St granted on certain medicines, within the cities ot London or Weftminfter, or within the limits of the two-penny poft, or within the city of Edinburgh, each licence, yearly  *  -

For each such licence in arty other city or borough, or in any town corporate, or in the towns of Manchefter, Birmingham, or Sheffield, yearly -  -  -  *

For each such licence in any other part of Great Britain, yearly Licence for uftng and exercifmg the trade or business of a Pawnbroker within the cities of London and Weftminfler, or within the limits of the two-penny poft, yearly -

£• /. d. £• *• ^

%------

5-----J-

SCHEDULE ([A.)—continued;

Name and'Defcription of the Inftrument, Article, or Thing] on which the Duty attaches. r

Licence for using and exercising the trade or business of a Pawnbroker in any part of Great Britain without the limits last above-mentioned, yearly

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

Perfons who shall lend money upon pawn or f pledge at or under the rate of £.5 per centum per annum intereft, without taking any further or greater profit for the loan or forbearance of such money lent, on any pretence whatfoever.

Licence to any person or persons who shall publickly or privately, within the cities of London or Edinburgh, or within twenty miles of either oi' the said cities, fet up, exercise, or keep by him felf, or herfelf, or any other person or perfons, any office for buying, felling, or otherwise dealing in any tickets in any lottery which is or shall be authorised by any a<S of parliament made or to be made, or who (hall, by writing, printing, or otherwife, publish the setting up or uGng any such office, yearly Licence to any person or persons who (hatl, publickly or privately, in any part of Great Britain, not being within the cities of London or Edinburgh, or within twenty miles of either of the said cities, open, fet up, exercise or keep, by himself or herfelf, or any other person or perfons, any office for buying, felling, or otherwise dealing in any tickets in any lottery which is or shall be authorised by any a<St of parliament made or to be made, or who (hall, by writing, printing, or otherwife, publifii the setting up or tiling any such office, in cafe such person or persons shall not have taken out or paid the duty of £.50 for a licence for the said purposes in some other part of the United Kingdom, yearly -  -

licence to any person or perfons, for the like purposes, in any part of Great Britain, not being within the cities of London or Edinburgh, or within twenty miles of either 6f the said cities, Who shall have taken out and paid the duty of £.50, for a licence for the said purposes in some other part df the United Kingdom, yearly -licence to be taken out by every poftmafttr or other V01. XLV.  E  £

England.

£•

5 ~—

5°------

50 — ~

10-------

Scotland.

£.  4.

5 — —

50------

50 —

10 — —

England.

Scotland.

— 5 H — S -

.418 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto GEOkou IIT. c. 98. £1804.

SCHEDULE (A.}—continued.

Name and Defcription of the Inftrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.  *  *

, £• *•

perfon in Great Britain, who shall let to hire any horfe, marc, or gelding, for the purpose travelling port by the mile, or from stage ftage, or who (being a person usually letting horses tp hire) shall let to hire for a day or any less period of time than twenty-eight successive days, any horfe, mare, or gelding, for drawing any co^cb or other carriage used in travelling poll, of otherwife, by what foe vqr name (itch carriage now is or hereafter may be called or known, yearly Licence to be taken out by every person who shall keep any cosfcb, berlin, landau, chariot, dili gence, calafb, chaifo-marine, chaife^ chair, or other carriage with two or more wheels, by what name'(oever the fame now is or hereafter shall be called or known, to be employed ps a publick stage coach or carriage for the purpose of conveying passengers for hire to and from different places in Great Britain, for each such carriage, which shall be kept or employed for carrying at one time npt more than four inside paflengers, (children in bp excepted), yearly -To be taken out in like manner by every person who shall keep any such carriage for the purpose aforesaid, ana which shall be kept or employed for carrying at one time more than four, but not more than fix inside paflengers, (children in bp excepted), for each such carriage, yearly To be taken out in like manner by every person who shall keep any such carriage for v the purposes aforesaid, and which shall be kept or employed for carrying at one time more than fix, but not more than eight inside paflengers, (childrenin lapexcepted), for each such carriage, yearly To be taken out in like manner, by every person who shall keep any such carriage for the purpose aforesaid,. and which shall be, kept or employed for carrying at one time more than eight, but not more than ten inside paflengers, (children in lap excepted), for each such carriage, yearly -Tp be taken out in like manner by every

- 5 - - S

__ 6 —\  6

-w IH

1

Name and Description of rhe Inftrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.

ns*

Council,  f  Ordered by  his  Ma-

rayer,  V  jefty, his  heirs  or

hankfgiving, 1  fucceffors.

c.  J

perfon who shall keep any such carriage for the purpose aforesaid, and which shall be kept or employed for carrying at enc time more than ten inside paflengers* (children in lap excepted)* for each such car riage* yearly -  -  -  •

Newfpaper, or paper containing publick news* in* telligence* or occurrences* printed in Great Britain* to be dispersed and made publick, of half a sheet or lefs, double demy, or of one {heet (ingle demy, (the half iheet double demy* or whole sheet Angle demy* not exceeding thirty-two inches in length* and twenty-two inches in breadth)* for every such paper - * For every half sheet of which such newspaper as before mentioned shall confift* over and above one half (heet double demy, or one whole (heet (ingle demy, of the respective sizes or dimensions above mentioned

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

Proclamations*

Orders of Council Forms of Praye ,

Forms of Thankfg A6ts of State.

A&s of Parliament.

Printed Votes or other matters ordered to be printed by either house of parliament.

Single Advertifement printed by itfelf.

Daily Accounts or bills'} Such bills or accounts of goods imported and F containing no other exported.  /■ matters than what

Accounts of the Weekly l have been usually Bills of Mortality.  * comprized therein

Vide Advertifement* Schedule (B.)

Pamphlets ot Books or Papers commonly fo called contained in half a (heet or any less piece of paper* printed in Great Britain* each copy -Pamphlets or Books or Papers commonly fo called, (being larger than half a (heet* and not exceeding one, whole (heet), printed in Great Britain each copy •

X X 2

England.

I- &■

— 9 ~

— 3t

— — 3v

Scotland.

£• '• '•

— 9 —

--Si

--Si

420 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 98. [1804. SCHEDULE (A.)—continued.

Name and Dcfcription of the Inftrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

England*

Scotland.

£• *• ^

Ads of Parliament.

Proclamations,

Orders of Council,

Forms of Prayer, and - Thankfgiving,

Ads of State.

Printed Votes or other matters by order of either house of parliament.

Books commonly tifed in the schools of Great Britain.

Books containing only matters of devotion or lhde Larger Pamphlets,-Schedule (B.)

f Ordered to be printed v by his Majesty, his L heirs or fucceUors.

Almanack or Calendar for any time not exceeding one year -  -  -  .  -

Almanack or Calendar for several years.

For each and every year for which such almanack or calendar shall be made, publilhed, or intended

Almanack or Calendar perpetual -  -  -

x

1 —

1 —

10 —

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

Calendar or perpetual Almanack contained in any Bible or Common Prayer Book.

Book or Pamphlet serving the purpose of an almanack or calendar for any time not exceeding a year ....  -

Book or Pamphlet serving the purpose of an almanack or calendar for several years.

For each and every year for which such almanack or calendar shall be made, publiflied, or intended -Boole or Pamphlet serving the purpose of a perpetual almanack or calendar -

1 — — I -

— 10 —

— 10 —

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

Bibles and Common Prayer Books containing a Calendar or perpetual Almanack.

Promi (Tory Note or other note, for the payment of ' money to the bearer on demand (which may within three years after the date thereof, but

SCHEDULE (A.) —continued.    

Name and Defcription of the Inftnimcnt, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.  England.  Scotland. *

not at a later period, be re-ifliied from time to time after payment at any place) where the sum ex pressed therein, or made payable thereby,  £' Sm &  I- d.

fhall not exceed one pound and one (hilling -Where the sum shall exceed one pound and one (billing, and not exceed two pounds    3    j

and two shillings - . -Where the sum mall exceed two pounds and two (hillings, and not exceed five pounds    6  

and five shillings -Where the sum shall exceed five pounds and    9    9

fivefhlllings, and not exceed twenty pounds Promifibry or other note for the payment, by or on account of the bank of Scotland or the royal bank of Scotland, or the British linen company, or the bearer on demand, of the sum of £.100 (which may within three years after the date thereof, but not at a later period, be re-ifliied.     I     r

from time to time, after payment at any place) Bill of Exchange, Draft, Order* or promifibry or other note, for the payment of money to the bearer on demand, where the sum expref&d therein, cr made payable thereby, shall amount to forty (hillings, and shall not exceed site    

pounds and five shillings - ' * -Bill of Exchange, Draft, Order, or Promifibry or other note, payable otherwise than to the bearer . on demand, where the sum ex pressed therein or made payable thereby, shall amount to forty (hillings, and shall not exceed five pot^ids and  —t a    1 8

five shillings , Bill of Exchange, Draft, Order, or Promifibry or other note for the payment of money, where the sum shall exceed five pounds and five (hillings, and not  — I —  

exceed £.30 -Where the sum shall exceed £.30, and not  — 1  ^ I 6

exceed £.50 - -Where the sum fijall exceed £.50, and not  ~ 2 —  — 2 —

exceed £.100 - ^  Where the fun* shall exceed^.ioo, and not  — 3 —  — 3 —

exceed £200 -Where the sum shall exceed^.aoo, and not  — 4 —  ! — 4 —

exceed £.500 - - - I Where the lum shall exceed £ 500, *Ad not  — s —  — s —

exceed £ toco - - - -  nui  r. — a_ir  j r    ; — 7 ^  — 7 6

SCHEDULE (A.)—continued.    

N^me and Defer! ption of the Inftrunvent, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches. *  England.  Scotland.

Foreign Bill of Exchange which (ball be drawn in setts according to the custom of merchants, where the sum expressed in such hill, or made payable thereby, . . {hall not exceed /.ioo for each and  £. t. d.  £• i. i

every bill in each let -drawn in fets, where such sum shall exceed £.100 and not exceed £.200, for    ~ I

each and every bill in each sett • -Jo drawn in fets, where such sum shall exceed £.200, and not exceed £-500,  — 2 —  — 2 —

for each and every bill in each sett -fo drawn in fets, where such sum shall exceed £.500, and not exceed £.1,000,  — 3 —  - 3“

for each and every bill in each sett -fo drawn in fets, where such sum shall exceed £.1,000, for each and every bill    — 4“

in each fett, - - - -CONDITIONAL EXEMPTION.  5 —  - 5"

Bills of Exchange, Promiflory and other Notes.and Bills issued by the governor and company of the bank of England, exempted, on condition of the said go-vernor and company paying, yearly,    

£.3**000.  SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.  Prafts and Orders for the payment of money to bearer on demand upon any banker, or person or persons ailing as a banker, and rdiding or tranfalling the    

bufinefs of a banker within ten miles of the place at which such draft or order shall be drawn or given, and which place lhall be expressed in or upon such draft or order.  fKII, Remittance Bill, Certificate, and all other bills of what nature or defeription foever, drawn by commissioned officers,    

matters or surgeons in the navy, for ‘wages or pay, or by the commi(Boners of his Majesty's navy, or by the commif-    

(i oners for, victualling his Majesty's navy, or by the commissioners for taking care of Tick and wounded feamen, or by the commissioners for managing the tran-foort-fervice. upon and payable bv the    /

Name and Dcfcription of the Inftrumcnt, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.

Receipt, Difcharge, or Acquittance, given for or upon the payment of money amount-ing to £.2, and not amounting to £.10  -

amounting to £.10, and not amounting to £.20  -  -  . -  -  -

amounting to £.20, and not amounting

to£.So  -■  -  -  -  :

amounting to £.50, and not amounting to £.100

amounting to £.ioo> and not amounting to £.200  -

amounting to £.200, arid not amounting to £.500  -

amounting to £.500 and upwards - -Receipt, Difcharge,or Acquittance, Note, Memorandum, or writing whatever, given to any. person or persons for or upon the payment of money which shall contain or exprefs, or in any manner signify or denote, any general acknowledgement of any debt, claim, account, or demand, or all or any debts, claims, accounts, or demands, being paid, fettled, received, accounted for, balanced, difcharged, relealed, or latisfied, or whereby any sum of money therein mentioned shall be acknowledged to be in full or in discharge or satisfaction of all or any fvrch debts, claims, accounts, or demands, or intended fo to be, and whether the fame shall or shall not be signed by or with the name or names of the person or persons by or on whose behalf the lame shall be given -

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

Receipt or Difcharge to be given by the treasurer of the navy for any money imprefted to or received by him fqr the service of the navy.

Receipt or Difcharge of any agent for money irpprefted by or to him on account of the pay of the army or ordnance. ‘

Receipt or Difcharge to be given by any officer, feaman, or foltlier, or their repre-Tentative refpedivcly, for or on account of any wages, pay, or pension due to them for the army, navy, or ordnance

England.

£»*  s•  d*

-----4

-----8

—  a —

—  3 —

—  5 —

Scotland.

£. s. d.

— — 2

----8

3 — 5 —

— 5 ~

- 5 —

SCHEDULE (A.)-—continued.  . 1  

Name and Defcription of the Inftrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.  England.  Scotland.

Receipt or Difcharge to be given for the consideration of the purchase of any ihare in any publick (lock or fund* or in the stocks of the corporations of the bank of England, Eaft-India company, or South-Sea company, or fprthe dividends paid or payable on such (hares of the said ftocks.  Receipt or Difcharge given for money de-pofited in the banks of England or Scotland, or in the house of any banker or bankers.  Receipt, Difcharge, or Acquittance, written on the back of any bill of exchange, promissory note or other note, duly (tamped according to thediredions of this a a, or on the back of any foreign bill qf exchange, payable in Great Britain.  Receipt, Difcharge, or Acquittance, by deed duly and legally damped.  Receipt, Difcharge, or Acquittance, given upon any bill or .note of the governor and company of the bank of England.  * Letters acknowledging the safe arrival of any bills, notes, or other securities for money.  Receipt or Difcharge indorsed on or contained in the body of any deed, bond, mortgage, or other inftrument, acknowledging the payment or re-payment oi any part of any principal fum, or any interest thereupon, lent, paid, or fecurec in, by, or upon such deed, bond, mortgage, or other instrument duly and le. gaily damped.  Receipt or Difcharge given, or required tc be given, for any money payable bylaw to any merchant for drawbacks or bounties upon the exportation of any goods or merchandise from this kingdom. Certificates of over entry of any duties o cuftoms.  Receipt, Difcharge, or Acknowledgemen * of Payment, indorsed on any order, bill  & *• *  )  r  f  t  >  £m I. i*

SCHEDULE (A.)—continued.    

ferae and Defcription of the Inftrnment, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.  England.  Scotland.

  £. i. d.  £. s. i.

remittance bill, or certificate, made or drawn by commifTioners of the navy, or commifBoned officers, matters, and fur-    

geons ip the navy, for wages or pay.  Receipt, Difcharge, or Acknowledgement of Payment, indorsed on any bill or bills drawn in pursuance to or in the execution of the powers and authorities of any    

ad or ads of parliament, by the com-mi(Boners of his Majetty's navy, or by the commissioners for vi&ualling his    

Majcfly's navy, or by the commiifioners  ,  

for talcing care of Tick and wounded feamen, or by the com mi (Boners for managing the tranfport-fervice, upon and payable by the treasurer of his Majesty's navy.  Prebate of Will or Letters of Adminiftration for any ettpte above the value of £.20, and under the value of £. 100 -  — 10 —  

p{ the value of £.100, and under the value    

of £.200 -  2    1 _

of the value of £.200, and under the value  of £.300 -----  5    mmm

of the value of £.300, and under the value of £.450 -  8    _

pf the value of £.450, and under the value of £.600 - - - - , -  II        

of the value of £.600, and under the value of £.800 -----  15    

of the value of£.8co, and under the value    /

of £.1,000 -----  22 — —  _

of the value of £.1,000, and under the value of £.1,500 -  30    

of the value of £.1,500, and under the value of £.2,000  40    mmm

of the value of £.2,000 and under the value of £.3,500 -  50    

of the value of £.3,500, and under the value of £.5,000 - -  60 — —  

of the value of £.5,coo, and undpr the    

value of £.7,500 -  75    mmm

pf the value of £.7,500, and under tht    

value of £-io,oco -  90    —

SCHEDULE (A.)—continued.    

Name and Defcription of the Internment, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.  England.  Scotland-

Probate of Wills, &c.—continued.  £. i. d.  £. 1. i

of the value of £io,coo, and under the    

value of £.12,500 -of the value of £. 12,500, and under the  IIO — —  —

value of £.15,000 -of the value of £.15,000, and under the  *35    —

value of £17,500 -of the value of £17,500, and under the  r6o    

value of £.20,000 - - -of the value of ,£.20,000, and under the  185 --  —

value of£.25,000 ' -of the value of £.25,000, and under the  210    —

value of £30,000 * of the value of £30,000, and under the  260    —

value of £35,000 -of the vahie or £35,000, and under the  3*0       —

value of £.40,000 -of the value of £.40,000, and under the  360    

value of £45,000 -of the value of £45,000, and under the  410    

value of £50,000 -of the value of £50,coo, and under the  460 — —  

value of £6o,oco -of the value of £fco,oco, and under the  550    —

value of £70,000 -of the value of £70,000, and under the  650    —

value of £8o,eoo -of the value of £80,000, and under the  750    —

value of £50,000 -of the value of £90,000, and under the  850    —

value of £100x00 -of the \alue of £100,000, and under the*  950    —

value of £.125,000 - - -of the value of £.125,000, and under the  1,200    

value of £150 000 of the value of £150.000, and under the  1,403    —•

value of £.175, ccO of the value of £.175,000, and under the  1,600    —*•

value of £.100,000 - -of the value of £.200,000, and under the  2,0C0    

value of £250,000 -of the value of £250,000, and under the  2,500 —  

j value of £.300,000 -  3,000 —  —

r pf the value of £300,000, and under the    

value of £.350,000 -  3^00  r\  

SCHEDULE (A.) —continued.

Xunc and Defcription of the Jnftrument, Article, or Thing* on which the Duty attaches*

England.

'rotate of Wills* &p, continued.

of the value of £.350,000, and under the value of £.400,000  -

of the value of £.402,000, and under the, value of £.500,000  -

of the value of £.500,coo or upwards -

£' u A*

4.00  D-----

5.000  -----

6.000  — —

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

Scotland.

s. (L

Probate of any Will or Letters of Ad-minift ration of any common Seaman, Marine, or Soldier, who shall be flam or die in the service of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflbrs.

Legacy, fpecifick, or pecuniary, or of any other description, of the amount or value of £.20 or more, given by any will or testamentary in-ftrument of any person out of his or her per-fonal eftate, and also upon the clear refidue, and upon every part of the dear residue of the personal estate of every such perfon, whether teftate or inteftate, ana who shall have left, or .(hall leave, any personal estate of the clear value of £.100 or upwards, which shall remain, after deducing debts, funeral expcnces, and other charges, and fpecifick and pecuniary legacies (if any), whether the title to such refidue, or to any part thereof, shall accrue by virtue of any testamentary difpoGtion, or upon inteftacy ; where any such legacy, or any residue or part of residue of any such personal estate shall be given, or shall pass to or for the benefit of a brother or After of the deceafcd, or any defendant of a brother or After, for every one hundred pounds of the value of any such legacy or refidue, or any part of refidue, and fo after the fame rate for any greater or left fum, payable and to be paid on the receipt or dif-charge for such legacy or refidue, or part of gefiduu  -

On the receipt or discharge for any such legacy, or any such residue or part of residue of any such personal estate as above mentioned, which shall be fo given, or {hall (o pals as aforesaid, to or for the benefit of a brother or After of a father or pother of the deceafed, or any defendant

2 10 —

a 10 —

Marne and Defcription of the Jnftrument, Article, or Thing, bn which the Duty attaches.

Legacies continued.

of a brother or filler of a father or mother of the deceafed; for every one hundred pounds of the value of such legacy or . refidue, or part thereof, and fo after the fame rate for any greater or less sum • On the receipt or discharge for any such legacy, or any such residue or part of residue of any such perfonat estate as above mentioned, which shall be fo given, or shall fo pass as aforesaid, to or for the benefit of a brother or filler of a grandfather or grandmother of the deceafed, or any defendant of a brother or filler of a grandfather or grandmother of the deceafed; for every one hundred pounds of the value of such legacy or refidue, or part thereof, , and fo after the fame rate for any greater or less sum -  ,  -

On the receipt or discharge for any such legacy, or any such residue or part of residue of any such personal estate as above mentioned, which shall be (b given or shall fo pass as aforesaid, to or for the benefit of any perfon, in any other degree of collateral confangurnity to the deceased than as above defcribed, or any stranger in blood to the deceafed; for every one hundred pounds of the value of such legacy or refidue, or part thereof, and fo after the fame rate for any greater or less sum EXEMPTIONS.

Legacy, or any residue or part of residue of any personal eftate, which shall be given or shall pass to or for the benefit of the hulband or wife of the deceafed. Legacy, or any residue or part of residue of any personal eftate, which ^hall he given or shall pass to or for the benefit of any of the Royal Family.

Certificate to be taken out by every person yrho shall use any dog, gun, ret, or other engine, (or the taking or destruction of game, yearly SPECIAL EXEMPTION.

The Royal Family.

England.

4-----

Scotland

JL* *• ^

4----

5------

5-----

8 -r —

3 3-

8-----

I 3 —

fame and Defcription of the Inftrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.

Certificate issued to or taken out by any person under any deputation or appointment of game* keeper (being a menial fervant) yearly SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

England.

£• *• d*

I I —

Scotland.

£• *

I I —

Perfons appointed Game-Keepers by any of the Royal Family within the forefts, chafes, parks, warrens, or other royalties to them respectively belonging.

Idmittance, instrument of, or any minute, memo- u randum, or entry of admittance, of any member of the college of physicians in Scotland, or of any advocate, clerk to the iignet, folicitor, procurator, agent, or other officer in any court whatfoever, or of any notary-publick in Scotland

SPECIAL EXEMPTION.

Annual Officer in any royal burgh, or of regality, corporation, or inferior court, wiiofe office is under the value of £.10 per annum, in falary, fees, or per-quifites.

Summons, Warrants, or Orders for Service, issuing from or out of the court of session or court of exchequer in Scotland -Summons, Warrants, or Orders for Service, issuing from or out of any court in Scotland (not being the court of session or of judiciary, or court of exchequer), where the matter in dif-pute shall exceed the amount or value of five pounds -  »

3epofition or Depofitions of a witness or witnesses taken in any caufc or fuit before the court of session or commilfion of tiends, or court of admiralty in Scotland, or commifiary court of Edinburgh, or in any civil caufe, before any inferior court in Scotland -Depofition or Affidavit produced in the court of exchequer in Scotland -

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

Depofitions taken in any cause or fuit be- ' fore any of the laid courts in Scotland, yvhich is infilled in at the instance of

16 — —

— 4 —

— a —

2 — 2 —

SCHEDULE (A.) — continued.  •  

Name and Ddcription of the Inftrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.  England.  Scotland.

the publick prosecutor for the poblick intereft, or where the publick revenue is concerned.  Depofitions taken in any civil cause before  £• h dm  £. i. i.

any inferior court aforesaid, where the sum of subject concluded for is under the value of £.5 sterling, exclusive of coils*  Surrender or Refignation, principal or original instrument of, of any meffuages, houfes, lands, tenements, hereditaments, tythes, mills, fithings, and other heretable rights, to be made to any subject fu peri or thereof, or to any city, . town, burgh, or corporation, or to any ma-giftrates or others, who have power to receive    

•luch surrenders in Scotland Charter of Refignation, or of Confirmation, or 01 Novodamus, or upon apprising or adjudication made or, granted by such subject fuperiors, or    — 14-

others as aforesaid -Precept of Clare Conftat, or principal ororigina retour of any service of heirs of or in lands or tenements holding of any subject superior as    — 14-

aforefaid ------  Saiftne, principal or original instrument of, taken Or following upon any mortgage, wadfet, heretable bond, alienation, or difpoGtion, or upon any charter, precept of clare conftat, retour, apprising or adjudication of lands or tene* meats holding of any subject superior as afore*    — 14-

faid - - -Surrender, principal or original instrument of, or of refignation, or fervice, or cognition of heirs, or charter* or fit!fine of any houfes, lands, tenements or hereditaments, holding burgage oi    —

of burgage tenure -Agreement made in Scotland, where the matter (ha be of the value of £.20 or upwards, whethei the fame shall be only the evidence of a con-trad or obligatory upon the parties from it! being a written inftrument, provided fuel agreement shall not contain a clause of re giftratidn; upon any number of words no _ amounting to thirty common law (beets (ca  r  s  1  t  —.14-  ■

£' s‘ 4* I £.

— 16 —

— I — 16 —

Name and Defcription of the Inftrument, Article, or Thing, i  .  i

on which the Duty attaches.  |  En8llM* | Scotland.

eulated at feventy-rwo words to each (heet) of| which any such agreement shall confift

And for every entire quantity of fifteen com mon law meets, (calculated at feventy-two words to each meet), of which any such agreement or other obligatory inftrument, together with every fchedule, receipt, inftrument, or other matter, put or indqrfed thereon or annexed thereto, shall confift, over and above the first fifteen of such common law iheets, a further duty of -

SPECIAL.EXEMPTIONS.

Label, Slip, or Memorandum, containing! the heads of insurances to be made by] the corporations of the Royal Exchange I aiturance or London aflurance, or the corporations of the Royal Exchange! assurance of houses and goods from fire,] and London assurance of houses and) goods from fire.

Memorandum or Agreement for any leafe] at rack-rent of any messuage under the! yearly value of five pounds.  I

Memorandum or Agreement for the hire) of any labourer, artificer, manufacturer,} or menial fervant.  I

Memorandum, Letter, or Agreement,! made for or rotating to the-fale of any) goods, wares, or merchandize.  J

Memorandum or Agreement made be-1 tween master and mariners of any coaft-| ing vessel for wages.  |

Letter or Letters containing an agreement! in respect of any merchandize or evi-| dence of such an agreement, which (hall] pass by the poll between merchants and ] other persons carrying on trade or com-1 merce, and refiding, and actually being] at the-time of fending fiich' letters, atf the distance of fifty miles from each] other.

DTfpofition or Conveyance of Lands or Heretabl$[

Rights in Scotland, upon any number of words! not amounting to thirty common law (beets, |

SCHEDULE (A.)—continued.    

Name andDefcription of the Inftruraent, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.  England.  Scotland

(calculated at feventy-two words to each (heet), of which any such disposition or conveyance  £. r. d.  £• ^

(hall consist - - •  And for every entire quantity of fifteen common law meets (calculated at feventy-two words to each meet) of which any such disposition or conveyance of land or he-    19-

retable rights, together with every fche-dule, receipt, inftrument, or other matter    

put or indorsed thereon or annexed thereto, shall confift, (over and above the fir ft    

fifteen such common law fhcets), the further sum of - '  Heretable Bond or Conveyance of Lands or Here-    — *9“*

table Rights for the fecarity of any sum of money, lent, not exceeding £.100 For the like security where the sum of    1 9-

money lent shall exceed £. too, and shall not exceed £.300 -For the like security where the sum of    1 19-

money lent shall exceed £.300, and (hall  —  2 19 —

not exceed £.500 -For the like security where the sum of    

money lent shall exceed £.500, and shall not exceed £. 1,000 -For the like security where the sum of    3 *9-

money lent shall exceed £.1,000, and shall not exceed £.2,000    4 19-

For the like security where the sum of  -  

money lent shall exceed £.2,000, and shall not exceed £.3,000 For the like security where the sum of    5 »9-

money lent shall exceed £.3,000, and  . —■>  6 19 —

(hall not exceed £.4,000 For the like security where the sum of    

money lent shall exceed £.4,000, and shall not exceed £.5,000 For the like security where the sum of    7 *9

money lent shall exceed £ 5,000, and shall not exceed £. 10,006 For the like security where the sum of    9 *9“

money lent shall exceed £.io,ooo, and shall not exceed £.13,000    11 I?

Name and Dcfcription oMhe i nftrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.

For the like security where the sum of money lent lhall exceed £.15,000, an^ lhall not exceed £.20,000  *■

For the like security where the sum of money lent shall exceed £.20,coo -The said several and respective duties on heretable bonds or conveyance of lands or heretable rights to be payable and paid for and in respect of any number of words therein, not amounting to thirty common law sheets (calculated at feventy-twd words to each (hect), of ; which any such heretable bond or conveyance, together with every Schedule, receipt, inftrument, or other matter put or indorsed thereon or annexed thereto shall confift.

And for every entire quantity of fifteen common law (heets (calculated at Seventy-two words to each fheet), of which any fiich heretable bond or conveyance of land or heretable rights, together with every fchedule, receipt, inftrument, or other matter put or indorsed thereon or annexed thereto, shall consist (over and above the first fifteen common law (heets), a further duty of Afiignation of any Heretable Bond or Conveyance of Lands or Heretable Rights; upon any number of words not amounting to thirty common law (heets (calculated at feventy-two words to each ftieet), of which any such afiignation shall consist -  -  -  *  -  '  -

And for every entire quantity of fifteen common law sheets (calculated at feventy-two words to each (beet), of which any such afligtiation, together with every fchedule, receipt, or other matter put or iiv» dor fed thereon or annexed thereto, shall consist (over and above the first fifteen common Taw (heets), a further duty of -Bond, given solely as a collateral security fpr any heretable bon'd or conveyance of lands or heretable rights -Copy attefied, or extra# of or from any deed, inftrument, or writing, given out from any pub* V^t vi v  f  *

England.  Scotland.

£. r.  d.  £•  *•

t

—  14  19  —

_  19  *9  —

1 9 —

— 19 —

— 19 —

434 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto GsorGxi III. c. 98. [1S04.    

SCHEDULE (A.)—continued.    »

Name and Dtfcription of the Inftrument, Article, of Thing, on which the Duty attaches.  England,  Scotland.

lick regifter, or from the books or record of any  £. s. d.  £. s. i

court in Scotland  SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.    - 1 6

Extrafls of the Decrees of Court, other than such formal decrees of registration as are usually annexed to the eittra&s of writings.  Copies of Extracts or Protefts upon Bills or Promiffory Notes under forty shillings fterling.  Award or Decree Arbitral made in Scotland, whe-  4  

ther rqeiftcred or not - - -Writ or Inftrument^ with any institution or licenfe, that lhall be pafTed or made by any presbytery  -  1 9-

or other spiritual power in Scotland Teftatnont Teftamentor, or Teftament Dative, or Eik thereto, to be expected in any commifTary court in Scotland, for any estate above the value of £.20 anc    2 — —

under the value of £. 100 of the value of £.100 and under the    — 10-

value of £.200 - - -of the value of £200 and under the value  —  2  

of £.300 .... of the value of £-300 and under the    5--1

value of £.450 -of the valufe of £<4.50 and under the    8 — ^)

value of £.600 of the value of £.600 and under the  —  11 — -

value of £.800 ... of the value of £.800 and under the  —*  *s--

value of £. i,coo ... of the value of £.1,000 and under the  —      *

value of £.1,500 ... of the value of £.1,500 and under the  —  30--

value of £.2,000 -of the value of £.21000 and under the    40--

value of £.3,590 -of the value of £.3,500 and under the    50--

value of £.5,000 ... of the value of £.5,000 and tender the  —  60 — -

value of £.7*500 - » . of the value of £.7,500 and under the    is --

value of £.i<hoco „ - J    90 — •*

SCHEDULE (A.) — continued.    -

Name and pcfcrjption of the lastrumrat, Article, or Thing, on wKich the Duty attaches.  England,  Scotland.

Teftament Teftatnentor, &c.— continued.  of the value of £.10,000 and under the  £• *• d.  £• ^

value of £.13,500  —  no —

or the value of £.12,500 and under the    

value of £.15,000 Of the value of £.15,000 and under the  —  13s — —

value of £.17,500 •f the value of £.17,500 and under the    160 — —  \

value of £.ao,ooo  pfthe value of £.20,000 and under the    ,85  

value of £.25,000 -  —  210 — —

^f the value of £.25,000 and under the    

value of £.30,000  —  260 — —

of the value of £.30,000 and under the    

value of £. 35.000  —  3IO  

of the value of £.35,000 and under the    

value of £.40,000 of the value of £.4.0,009 and under the  —  360 — —

value of £.45,000  —  410 — —•

of the value of £.45,030 and under the    460 — —

value of £.50,000  - 1  

of the value of £.50,000 and under the    

value of £.60,000 of the value of £.60,000 and under the  —  .550    

value of £ 70,000  —  650 — —

of the value of £.70,000 and under }he    

value of £.80,000 of the value of £.80,000 find under the    750    

value of £.90,000 of the value of £.90,000 and under the  —  850 — —

value of £. 100.000 of the value of £.100,000 and under  —  95°     

the value of £.125,000  — .  1,200 — —

of the value of £.125,000 and under    

the value of /. 159,000 of the value ot £-150,009 and under  —  *,*°o  

.the value of £.175,000  —  1,600 — —

,©f the'value of £.175,000 and under    

the value of £.200,000  —  2,000 — —

of the value of £.200,000 and under    

the valuf of £250,900 of the valqe pf £.250,000 and under  —■  2,500 —

the value pf £.300,000 of the value ot £.300,000 and under    3,000 — —

the value of £.350,000 - . tn  mmam  3,500 — —

436 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii IIT. c. 98. [1804.

SCHEDULE (A.) — continued.    

Name and Defcription of the Inftrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.  England.  Scotland.

Teftament Teftamentor, &c.—continued.  of the value of £.350,000 and under  l H  £• u

the value of £.400,000 -of the value of £.400,000 and under    4,000—

the value of £.500,000  —  5,000 —

Of or above the value of £*500,000 -  SPECIAL EXEMPTION. Teftament Teftamentor, or Teftament Dative, or Eik theteto, of any common fcaman, marine, or foldier, who shall be flam or die in the service of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors.    6,000  

Schedule (B.)

STAMP DUTIES.

Name and Defcription of the Inftrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.  England.  Scotia

Infurance upon every sum of£.ico, and fo in proportion for any greater or less sum that is or shall be infurea by any person or perfons, in or by any policy of infurance, for insuring houfes, furniture, goods, warehoufes, merchandize, or other property, from loss by fire, yearly - -  £. s. J. — 2 6  £• '•  _ $ 6

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.    

Publick Hofpirals.  ' Infurance made in Great Britain, for insuring any houses or furniture, goods, wares, merchandize,' or other property, within any foreign kingdom or state in amity with his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors.    

Advertifeflnent contained in the London Gazette* or any other paper printed in Great Britain, to be dispersed and made publick, weekly or ©ftencr, or yearly, monthly, or at any other  1  

SCHEDULE (B.) —continued.    

Name and Defcription of the Inftrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.  England.  Scotland.

interval of time exceeding one week, or which shall be contained in or published with any pamphlet whatfoever, fo printed and dispersed and made publick -  SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.  Single Advertifement printed and dispersed feparately.  Daily Accounts or! 0 . ....  BillsofGoods im. S“ch b,lls °r. ?c-ported and export- “unw contammg r v no other matters  Accounts ” of the f J180 have  ' V-J xsr-  Pamphlets or Books, or Papers, commonly fo called (being larger than one whole (beer, and not exceeding fix (beets oflavo, or on a Idler page, or not exceeding twelve (heels in quarto, or twenty (beets in folio), printed in Great Britain, for every sheet of any kind of paper which shall be contained in one copy thereof  £. t. d.  —  3 —  t  —  2 —  £• i.  —  3 —  —  2—r

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.  A&s of Parliament.  Proclamations, "1 Ordered to be  Orders of Council, printed by his  Forms of Prayer and > Majesty, his Thankfgivings, heirs or fuc-• A<9s of State. J ceffors.  Printed Votes or other matters by order of either house of parliament.  Books commonly used in the schools of Great Britain.  Books containing only matter of devotion or piety.  Playing-Cards, for every pack which shall be made fit for sale or use in Great Britain Dice, for every pair which shall be made fit for sale or use in Great Britain -Hats made wholly of Felt, Wool, Stuff, Beaver, or Leather, or any mixture of the said fub-ftances, or any or them, or with any other substance or fubftance9, by whatever name such hat shall be called or diftinguifhed,- not exceeding the price or value of spur (hillings, in-  — 2 6  — 2 6

SCHEDULE (B.)—-continued.    

Name and Defcription of the lnftrument. Article, or Tiling, on which the Duty attaches.  England.  Scotland.

which shall be uttered or vended in Great Britain, where such packet, box, bottle, pot, phial, or other inclofure, with its contents, (hall    £• <•

not exceed the price or value of one (billing Where such packet, box, bottle, pot, phial, or other inclofure, with its contents, shall exceed the price or value of one (hilling, and not exceed the price or value of two    U    1

(hillings and sixpence -Where such packet, box, bottle, pot, phial, or other inclofure, with its contents, shall exceed the price or value of two shillings and fixpence, and not exceed the price or  -— 3  — s

value of four shillings ...  Where such packet, box, bottle, pot, phial, or other inclofure, with its contents, shall exceed the price or value of four (hillings, and shall not exceed the price or value oir    6    6

ten shillings *  Where such packet, box, bottle, pot, phial, or other inclofure, with its contents, shall exceed the piice or value of ten (hillings, and shall not exceed the price or value of    

twenty shillings - -W here luch packer, box, bottle, pot, phial, or other inclofure, with its contents, shall exceed the price or value of twenty (hillings, and shall not exceed the price or  — 2 —  

value of thirty shillings «r Where such packer, box, bottle, pot, phial, or other inclofure, with its contents, shall exceed the price or valge of thirty (hillings, and shall not exceed the price or value of  — 3 -  - 3-

tifty shillings ~ -Where such packet, hox, bottle, pot, phial, or other inclofure, with its contents, (hall  — 10 —  — 10 —

exceed the price or v?lue of fifty shillings -  I    1 — —

SCHEDULE of Drugs, Herbs, Pills, Waters, Eflences, Tindures, Powders^ Preparations, and Compofitions.

ALL Foreign Medicines, except Drugs.

Adam's Solvent.

Addifon's re-animating European Bal-fam.

/Ethereal Anodyne Spirit.

Ague and Fever Drops {by Wilfon). Amboyna Lotion.

— -------Mouth Powder.

-------— Tooth Powder.

American Alterative Pills,

— -------Salve.

Andalufia Water.

Anderfon's Septs Pills.

Angibaud's Lozenges of Blois. Anodyne Necklace.

Antipertuflis.

Appleby's Tea.

Arabian Balfam.

Arnold's Drops.

---------Pills.

Arquebufade Water.

Aromatick Spirit of Vinegar.

—  ---Condenfed.

Afiatic Bilious Pills.

——^ Tonic Tindure.

Auftin's Chalybeate Pills.

Balm of Mecca.

Balfam of Iceland Liverwort. ^Barclay's Antibilious Pills.

—  Afthmatic Candy. Barlowe's Specific Medicine. Barron's Cachou de Rofe Lozenges. Barton's Alterative Pomade.

—  — Vital Wine.

Bateman's Drops.

■ ■■— — Golden Spirit of Scurvy-Grafs.

— —— Plain S irits of ditto Balcy's British Tooth-Powder. Beafely's Family Plafler.

Beaume de Vie.

Beiker's Tindure.

Bell's Reftorarive Pills.

Bcnne:'* Worm Powders.

Benzoin, Eflence of.

Berry's Bilious Pills.

Betton's British Oil.

Birt's Martial Balfam.

Blair's Cephalic Fluid.

Boerhaave's Antifcorbutic Wine. Bolderfon's Worm Cakes.

Bollman's Specific.

Bolton's Afthmatic Tindure/ Boftock's Cordial*

---------Grand Elixir.

Bott's Corn Salve.

—  Tooth Powder.

Bourne's-/Ethereal Eflence.

Box's Magnefia Lozenges*

Brazil Salts.

Brodum's Botanic Pills.

---------Botanical Syrup,

---------Nervous Cordial.

Browne's British Pills.

—  --  Rheumatic  Powders.

-----—- Tindure of Yellow Bark.

Bryant's Eflence of Coltsfoot. •Camphor, -Ethereal Eflence of. Cathcart's Edinburgh Ointment. ----------Water.

Cephalic Snuff.

Chamberlain's Ointment.

———-----------Pills.

Chapman's Cerate.

-----------Chilblain  Water.

Ching's Worm Lozenges.

Chinner's Pills.

Church's Anodyne Eflence.

....... Chilblain Ointment.

---------Cough Drops.

---------Eye Salve.

---------Pedoral Pills.

---------Volatile  Tindure.

Clcrval's S\rup.

Clinton's Oil for Deafncfs.

---------Snuff.

Clyde's Baliam*

Schedule of Drugs, &c.—continued.

Collier's Affiftant Pills,

—  ----Ointment.

—Remedy for Fiftula and Piles.

Complin's Specific.

Cordial Balm of Gilead.

Cornwell's Fruit Lozenge.

-—y ■■■ Opodeldoc.

——■-----Oriental Vegetable Cordial.

Coftello's Cerate.

—  ■■■ ' Collyrium.

Cottier's Refolvent and Healing Planter.

Cox's Tindlure.

Coxwell's Caftor Oil Medicine. Culpepper's Herb Cordial.

Cundell's Balfam of Honey.

Curtis's Syrup.

Daffy's Elixir.

Dalby's Carminative.

Dalmahoy's Sat Poignant.

—  -------Taftelefs Salts.

Dawfon's Lozenges.

Deering's Drops.

Delefcoi's Myrt e Opiate.

De Velno's Pills.

Dickenfon's Cephalic Drops.

—— Red Drops forConvulfions.

—  -----Drops for Firs.

Dixon's Antibilious Pills, ponavan's American V egetable Syrup. • Doranftorfrs Opodeldoc.

Dutch Drops.

Earl's Remedy for the Hooping Co. gh.

Edward's Ague Tindture.

—  — — Nipple Ointment.

Elixir of LongevityKor Swcdifh Pre-

fervative.

Ellis's Aperient Pills.

Falck's Cerate.

—  ----Univcrfal Pills,

■---------Syrup.

Dicey and Go's Bathing Spirits. — Daffy's Elixir.

Findon's Drops.

Ford's Balfam of Horehound. Fordyce's cooling opening Pills, Fothergill's Pedoral Pills.

—  - — Reftorative.

Fraunce's Elixir.

Freake's Tin&ure of Bath. Freeman's Bathing Spirits.

---------Eye Water.

Friend to Man.

Frith's Antibilious Elixir.

Fry's Worm Pills.

Fryars'Balfam.

Gamble's Aromatic Snuff. Garaveni's Styptic.

Gardener's Ointiqeot.

----Pills.

German Corn Plafteror Salve. Gilbert's Rofeate Lotion.

Glaffe's Magnefia.

Godbold's Balfam.

Godfrey's Cordial.

--------7 Rofe Lozenges.

Gowland's Lotion.

Grand Specific or Infallible Antidote to Confutnptions.

Grant's Drops.

-------Lifbon Tonic Pills.

Green's Honey Lozenges.

——— Oil, or Infallible Oil.

—■■ Tooth Ache Pills. Greenough's Tindture,

—  ■  Tolu  Lozenges.

Grey's Lozenges.

Tooth Powder.

Griffin's Afthmatic Tindture. Grubb's Fryar's Drops.

Gueft's Lotion.

----— Pills.  ,

-------■ Powder.

■ - Tooth Powder.

-------Welcome Gueft.

Haarlam's Drops.

Hadley's Convulfive Powders. Hallam's Aniraa of Quaffia.

Schedule of Drugs, &c. — continued.

fallam's Antibilious Pills.

---------Quaffia Ditto.

[amilton's Afthmatic Effluvia*

—  -----Cinnamon Drops.

-------— Corn Salve.

—  ---- Vegetable Balfamic Tinc-

ture.

Ian nay's Walk.

larvey's Anti-Venereal Pills.

---------Grand Reftorative Drops.

latfield's Tindture. layman's Marcdant's Drops, layward's Stomachic Lozenges.

■  — —— Anti-acid, ditto.

—  -----Samaritan Water.

Hemet's Eflence of Pearl.

------Pearl Dentifrice.

Heming's Pine-Bud Lozenges.

Henry's Aromatic Spirits of Vinegar. ———- Magnefia.

Hewitt's Analambanic Pills. „ Hickman's Pills.

Hill's Balfam of Honey.

—— Bardana Drops.

—— Canada Balfam.

-— Eflence of Water Dock.

----Gout Eflence.

-— Tindture of Centaury.

I--------------- Sage.

----Valerian.

Hodfon's Aromatic Nervine Tea.

—  —.. - Imperial Oil.

---------Perfian Reftorative.

■■ ■■■ Syrup.

Holdfworth's Lozenges.

Hooper's Female Pills.

Howell's Powders for Epilepfy. Hunter's Elixir.

-— ■ - Pills.

—  ----Reftorative.

Jackfon's Corn Salve.

■  -------Ointment.

-------— Tindlure.

Jacobfon's Cough Drops.

James's Analeptic Pills,

James's Fever Powder.

—:----Medicine for the Dropfy.

Jebb's, Sir Richard, Elixir.

------------------Pills.

Jefuits' Drops.

Imperial Anodyne Opodeldoc, nfallible Reftorative. nglifh's Scots Pills.

‘ ohnfton's Eflence of Horehound. ohntcnocco's Tooth Powder. Jones's Rheumatic Tindture.

Irvine's Fruit Lozenges.

Juniper's Eflence of Penny RoyaL

---------—— ■ ....Peppermint.

Kennedy's Corn Salve or Plafter. Keyfer's Pills.

Knight's Pills. .

Lamert's Balfam.

Lancafter Black Drop.

Leake's Cerate.

------Chilblai Watr.

----- Pills. ^

---:— Purifying Drops.

Leathe's Lotion,

Le Coups Imperial Oil.

Lee's Lozenges.

Lewis's Specific Pills.

------Tindturc of Anguftura Bark.

Liquid Shell for the Stone and Gravel. Lockyer's Pills.

Lord's Corn Salve or Plafter. Lorraine's Confumptive Pills. Lourie's Eye Water.

Lowther's Drops.

■  —- ■■■■ Nervous Powders. Lozenges, Anifeed.

---------Benzoin. -

---------Camomile.

«  -----Ginger.

---------Horehound.

--------  Ipecacuanha.

■  > - Patirofa.

---------Peppermint.

-------- Poppy.

.,  — Rofe.

444 Anno regni quadragelimo quarto Georgtt III. c. 98. [1804. SCHEDULE (fi.)—continued.

Name and Defcription of the Inftrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches. *  Schedule of Drugs, &c. —continued.

Lozenges, Rotated Liquorice.

——- Specific.

—  --Spermaceti.

■  ------Tolu.

Lucas's Pure Drops of Life.

Luzatte's Britiih Pills.

Lygnum's Antifcorbutic Drops.

■  ■- ■ Lotion.

---------Pills.

Magnefia Tablets.

Man's Cough Medicine.

Mapoon's Sanative Salve.

Marfhall's Cerate.

---------Wort Diflolvent.

Matthew's or Matthews's Alterative

Medicine.

Chymical Tindture.

Remedies for curingEiftula and Piles without cuttingorpain.

» » ...— Samaritan Reftorative.

Mayerfbach's Balfamic Pills.

—  --------Mixture.

-——— Reftorative Powders. Medley's Aromatic Herb Snuff*. Metallic Traitors.

Military Drops.

Millman's Itch Ointment.

Monfey's Rheumatic Powders. Nailor's Corn Ointment.

Newton's restorative Tooth Powder. Norman's Syrup.

Norris's Chalybeate Pills.

——— Drops.

*------„ Tonic Eflence.

Norton's Matedant's Drops. Oliverian Ointment for the Piles. Oanikirlc Medicine for the Bite of a Mad Dog.

Palmer's Laxative Pills.

Paraguay Lotion.

Pafchalrs Teething Remedy. Pedtoral Eflence of Coltsfoot. Perkins's Metallic Traitors.

Perrin's Balfam of Lungwort.

Peter's Pills

----— Tindture.

Pidding's Balfam of Liquorice. Pike's Ointment.

Pomade Divine.

—-— Royal.

Powell's Camphor Liniment.

-------Eye Salve.

Price's Bread Salve.

Prickett's Styptic.

Pullen's Antifcorbutic Pills.

-------Purging Pills.

Pyrmont Tablets.

Radchffe's Purging Elixir.

-------Rheumatic Tin&ure.

Refined Britiih Oil.* *

Relfe's Nipple Ointment. Richardfon's British Corn Salve or Plafter.

Riga Balfam.

Robbcrd's Cough Drops.

Robert's Worm Sugar Plums. Roche's Embrocation.

Roe's Englifh Coffee for Nervous Diforders.

Roger's Antibilious Elixir.

-------Antifcorbutic Pills.

Rook's Balfam.

Rofe Tablets.

Rufpini's Styptic,

-------Tindture.

—-----------Tin&ure for the  Tooth

Ache.

— ---------Tooth Powder.

Ryan's Eflence of Coltsfoot. Rymer's Cordiac and Nervous Tine-ture.

-------Detergent Pills.

-------Eflence of Garlick.

Rymer's Pectoral Medicine.

-------Tonic Pills.

Schnid's Liquid Dentrifice.

Schult's Vegetable Acid Air.

Scot's Gout Pills.

/

j 804.] Anno regni qtfadragefimo quarto GeorOu III. c. 98. 445 SCHEDULE (B.)— continued.

Name and Defcription of the Inftruraent, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.

Schedule of Drugs, &c. — continued.

Senate's Aromatic Steel Lozenges, or Lozenges of Steel.

Sharpe's Hepatic Pills.

Sibley's Lunar Tmdiure.

■  1 Solar D°

Simfon's Infallible ./Ethereal Tincture.

Singleton's Golden Ointment. Sloane's, Sir Hans, Pills.

Smart's Tindture of Cafcarilla Bark. Smellome's Eye Salve.

Smith's AntibiJious Pills.

—•— Antihedtic Balfam.

—— Cooling opening Pills# -------Drops.

■  —  Purifying Pills.

------Reftorative Medicated Wine.

Smyth's Drops. *

—  --Reftorative.

Solander's Sanative Tea.

Soley's Eflence of Squills.

Solomon's Abftergent.

■■  ■  —— Anti Impetigines.

■  — ' Balm of Gilead. Speediman's Stomach Pills.

Specific Convulfion Drops.

------for the Yellow Fever.

——  Remedy (by WeflcIsJ.

—  —— Tindture.

Spence's Dentifrice.

SpiKbury's Antifcorbutic Drops.

—  ——- — Compound Eflence. SpinlufPs Aromatic Bilious Cordial. Squire's Elixir.

Squirrel's Drops.

——Tonic Pills.

—  --Powders.

Steer's Camomile Drops.

——Camphorated Eye Water.

—— Convulfion Oil.

——■ Nitre Drops.

-------- Opodeldoc.

------Paregoric Lozenges.

—— Purging Elixir.

Sterne's Balfamic Aither,

Sterne's Stomachic Tablets.

—— Tindture and Gout Drops. Storey's Worm Cakes.

Stoughton's Bitters.

Elixir.

Stringer's Eflence of Myrrh*

■  Myrrh Dentrifrice.

----— Paregoric Lozenges.

Swedilh Prefervative, or Elixir of Longevity.

Swinfen's Anti-Acid.

—— Eledhiary.

---------Ointment.

—  -----Worm Sugar Cakes.

Swifs Balfam.

Taftelefs Ague Drops.

—  -----Fever Drops.

Thomas's Tolu Eflence.

Thomfon's Ague Tindture.

Tickell's ALther.

Tindture for the Teeth and Gums. Tooley's Cordial.

Tooth Ach Fluid.

Tooth Powder, Afiatic.

----—Paraguay.

------Royal.

Trotter's Afiatic Tooth Powder. Trowbridge's Golden Pills.

Tuberofa Vitae, or Chilblain Water* Turllngton's Balfam.

Vandour's Nervous Pills.

Van Swieten's Gout Cordial. Vegetable Embrocation.

Vital Balm.

Waite's Worm Nuts.

Walford's Pancreatic Powders. Walker's Jefuit's Drops.

Walker's Specific Remedy.

—  -----Stomachic Wine.

Waikey's Tooth Powder.

Waller's Ointment.

WaHh's Coltsfoot Lozenges#

—  --Ginger Seeds.

------Pills.

Ward's Dropfy Pills,

446 Anno regni quadragcfimo quarto Georg it m, e. 98. [1804. SCHEDULE (B.) — continued.

Name and Defcription of the Inftrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attacks.

Schedule of Drugs, See.—continued.

Ward's E(fence for the Head Ache.

—  .Liquid Sweat.

--------- Pafte.

—  -Powders.

—  --- Red Pills.

—  ■— Seek Drops.

—— Sweating Powder.

—— White Drops.

Ware's Afthmatic Drops.

Warren's Analeptic Powders.

•---------Britifh  Tooth Powder.

Water's Artificial Mineral. Webfter's Diet Drink.

Welch's Female Pills.

Wheatley's Ointment. ,

1 — ■ ----  Fluid.

Whitehead's Eflence of Muftard.

---------—■■ > ■ — ofHorehouod.

------------Pills.

Williams' Aperient Pills.

——----------Eflence of Benzoin or

Pulmonick Drops.

—--------Spa Elixir or Reftorative

Drops.

Willis's Afthmatic Pills.

Winch's Cough Drops.

Wray's Ague Pills.

Zimmerman's Stimulating Fluid.

Or by whatsoever other name or names the fame heretofore have been; now are, or shall hereafter be called, known, or diitinguithed; and also all pills, powders, lozenges, tinflures, phtions, cordials, electuaries, plafters, unguents, falves, ointments, drops, lotions, oils, fpirits, medicated herbs and waters, chemical and officinal prepara* tions whatfoever, of the fame or the like properties, qualities, virtues, and efficacies with the articles before mentioned, named, enumerated, or specified in this fchedule, or any of them, made, prepared, uttered, Tended, or exposed to Tale by any person or persons whatfoever, wherein the person making, preparing, uttering, vending, or exposing to sale the fame, hath, or claims to have, any occult fccrei or art for the making or preparing the fame, or hath or claims to have any exdufive right or title to the making or preparing the ; fame, or which have at any time heretofore been, now are, or (bill hereafter be prepared, uttered, vended, or exposed to sale under the authority of any letters patent under the great feal, or which hare at any time heretofore been, now are, or shall hereafter be, by any publick notice or advertifement, or by any written or printed papers or hand-bills, or by any labels or words written, printed, or affixed to or delivered with any such packet, box, bottle, or phial, or other inclosure aforesaid, held out or recommended to the publick by the makers, vendors, or proprietors thereof, as nostrums or proprietary medicines or as fpecincs, or as beneficial to the prevention, cure, or relief of any diftemper, malady, ailment, diforder, or complaint incident to or in anywise affecting the human body.

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

All drugs named or contained in the book of rates fubferibed with the name of Sir Harbottle Grjmftone, Baronet, and mentioned and referred to by the adt of tonnage and poundage, made ia the

SCHEDULE (B.)—continued.

Name and Defcriptioa of the Iaftrument* Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches*

— — mmmm  ■  ■'  --■■■■■■  —  ■  ■  .-■■■■  ,  ■  —■  *

Schedule of Drugs, &c.—continued.

twelfth year of the reign of King Charles {.he Second, and in another book of rates, intituled, “An additional book of rates of goods and merchandizes usually imported, and not parti-cularly rated in the book of rates referred to in the adt of tonnage and poundage, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, with rules, orders, and regulations, signed by the right honourable Spencer Compton, speaker of the honourable house of commons, and mentioned and referred to by an ad, made in the eleventh year of the reign of his majesty King George the First •” nor to any medicinal drug or drugs whatfoever, which {hall be fo uttered or vended entire without any mixture or composition with any other drug of ingrodieqt whatfoever, by any furgeon, apothecary, chemift, or druggift, who hath served a regular apprenticefhip, or by any person who hath served as a surgeon in the navy or army under * any commission or appointment, who shall have been duty entere4 at the war office or navy office, or by any other person whatsoever licensed in pursuance of this ad; nor to any mixtures, competitions, or preparations whatfoever, mixed or compounded with or prepared from medicinal drugs, medicated or chemical preparations *or compofitions, or other ingredients bearing different denominations, or having different properties, qualities, virtues, or efficacies, which shall be uttered or vended by any such furgeon, apothecary, chemift, or druggist as aforesaid, or by any such person who hath served as a surgeon in the navy or army under any such commission or appointment as afore* faid, the different denominations, properties, qualities, virtues, any efficacies of which mixtures, compofitions, and preparations as aforesaid, are known, admitted, aqd approved of in the prevention, cure, or relief of any diforder, malady, ailment, or complaint, incident to or in any wife afte&ing the human body, any wherein the person mixing, compounding, preparing, uttering, or vending the fame, hath not, nor claims to have, any occult secret or ait for the mixing, compounding, or preparing the fame, nor hath, nor claims to have, any exclusive right or title to the mixing, compounding, or preparing, or to the vending of the fame j and which mixtures, compofitions, or. preparations, have not been, are not, nor shall hereafter be, prepared, uttered, vended, or expofod to foie, undir the authority of any letters patent under the great feal, nor at any time heretofore have been, now are, or shall hereafter be, by any 4>ublick notice, advertifcment, or by any written or printed papers or hand bills, or by any label* or words written, or printed, and affixed to, or delivered with any such packet, box, bottle, pot, phial, or ether inclosure aforesaid, held out or re-

Name and Defcription of the Instrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attache*

Schedule of Drugs, &c. — continued.

commended to the publick by the owners, proprietors, makers, Compounders, original or first vendors thereof, as nodrums or proprietary medicines, or as fpecifics, or as beneficial for the . prevention, cure, or relief of any such d idem per, malady, ailment, or complaint as aforesaid.

England.

Horfe, Mare, or Gelding, hired by the mile or ftage, to be used in travelling in Great Britain, for every mile such horfe, mare, or gelding shall be hired to travel -  .  -

Horfe, Mare, or Gelding, hired for a left period of time than twenty-eight successive days, for drawing on any publick road any coach or other carriage used in travelling pod, or other-wife, by whatsoever name such carriage now is or may be hereafter called or known (if the didance at the time of hiring such horfe, mare, or gelding shall be ascertained), for every mile such horfe, mare, or gelding {hall be hired to travel  -  -  -

Horfe, Mare, or Gelding fo hired as lad above mentioned, in any cafe where the didance shall not, at the time of such hiring, be afeertfined, for each day for which such horfe, mare, or gelding shall be fo hired

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

------1*

— * 9

Scotlind. — ii

--1}

- 1 9

Horfes, Mares, or Geldings, used in hackney cpaches licensed pursuant to the several ails of parliament made for that purpose, where the horfes, mares, or geldings drawing such hackney-coaches shall be employed to go no greater didance than ten miles from the „ city of London or Wedminder, or the suburbs thereof.

Carriage, whether a coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calalh, chaise marine, chaife, diligence, or other carriage with two or more wheels, by what name soever any such carriage now is or

SCHEDULE (B.)—continued.

Name and Defcriptioo of the Inftniment, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.

hereafter may be called or known, which {hall be employed as a publrck stage coach or carriage for the purpose of conveying passengers for hire to or from different places in Great Britain, and which (ball be licensed for carrying not more than four inside passengers (children in lap excepted), for ever) mile any such carriage ihall travel . Which mall be licensed for carrying more than four, but not more than fix inside passengers (children in lap excepted), for every mile any such carriage shall travel Which shall be licensed for carrying more than fix, but not more than eight inside passengers (children in lap excepted), for every mile any such carriage Ihall travel Which shall be licensed for carrying more than eight, but not more than ten inside passengers (children in lap excepted), for every mile any such carriage shall travel Which shall be licensed for carrying more than ten inside passengers (children in lap excepted), for every mile any such carriage shall travel -  -

England.

£. i. d.

-----2i

------34

------+

------S

Scotland*

£. u d.

-----a

-----24

------3

-----4

-----5

SPECIAL EXEMPTION. '

Hackney Coaches licensed by the com-miflioners for licenfmg such coaches.

Horfe, Mare, or Gelding, entered to start or run for any plate, prize, sum of money, or other thing whatsoever, over and above all other duties chargeable by this or any other ad or ads of parliament -  -  *■

a a

a * —

Annortgni qaadragefitnoquarto Geokgii III. c. 98. (1804.

✓

Schedule (C.)

ALLOWANCES AND DRAWBACK,

ALLOWANCES.

To every person who, at one and the fame time, shall produce at the head office for damps in London, to be damped, or dull buy of the commissioners of the damp duties, vellum, parch-vtient, or paper, charged with any damp duty, to the amount in the whole of. £.30 or Upwards, one pound ten shillings for every one hundred pounds, and fo in proportion for any greater or less fund not under £.30.

To card-makers, on payment Of the duty on cards, monthly, at the time of settling their accounts £.i* tor. for every £-100, and fo in proportion for any greater or less fum.

Todationers who shall purchase damps for receipts to the amount sit one and the fame time of ,£.10, in confiderstion „ of their making no chafge to the publick for the paper damped for receipts, but actually and bon£ fide felling the fame for the price of the damp only, (even pounds ten shillings for every One hundred pounds of the atnodfit of the duty on such damps "for receipts, and fo in proportion for any greater or less fum, not under the sum of j£.lO; this allowance being over and above the usual allowance on the present payment of damp duties to the amount of £•$(> and upwards.

To printers, publilhers, and proprietors of newfpapers, who shall not have raised the price of their newspapers above the price at which the fame were respectively fold at and immediately before the time of passing the aft of the thirty-feventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, ‘ An act for granting to his Majesty certain damp duties on the several matters therein mentioned; and for better securing the duties on certificates to be taken out by folicitors, atrornies, and others practising in Certain courts of justice in Great Britain;' and who shall at one arid the fame time produce at the ketfd office of damps, to be damped, or shall buy of the commissioners of the damp duties, paper damped with the <Juty chargeable 00 newfpapers, the duties whereof shall amount to ten pounds or upwards, in consideration of promot or present payment of such duty, sixteen pounds and eighteen shillings for every one bun* dred pounds on such payment, and fo in proportion for am* greater or less sum not "being under £.10. But if any such printer, publi(her,or proprietor shall have raifed, or (hal! raife, the price of his newspaper above the price at which the fame was fo fold at and immediately before the time of paffihg the /aid aft of the thirty-feventh year of the reigu. of his prefent

.  Majtfty,

ALLOWANCES.

Majefty, then and in such cafe no more or greater allowance shall be made, in cohfiderarioh of such prompt or present payment, thtin at the rate of four pounds for every one hundred pounds, and fo in proportion for any greater or less sum not under £. io.

To the two univerfitiet of Oxford and Cambridge rcfpe&ivCly, J the annual sum of £.50© each.

To persons who ftiall purchase at the head office for stamps in London, stamps for hat linings to the amount, at one and the fame time, of £.10 or upwards, ten pounds for everyone hundred pounds of the amount of the duty on such stamps fo pur-chafed, and fo in proportion for any greater or less sum not under £.10.

For receiving the duty for and in refpe£t of fire infurances, paying the fame, and making out the accounts according to the directions of the several a<5ts of parliament in that behalf made, five pounds for every one hundred pbunds fo received, paid, and accounted for, and fo in proportion for any greater or less fum.

To any person or perfons, body or bodies politick or corporate, carrying on the business of sea insurances within the city of London, who shall Have given or caused to be given (to the fatisfadfion of the commtffioners of the stamp duties) security by bond for the payment of the duties on sea policies, at the times and in the manner to be preforibed by the said commif-fioners,and who shall duly pay the said duties in the time and manner preferibed, one pound ten shillings for every one hun-

. dred pounds of the amount of the duties fo paid, and fo in pro.' poftion for any greater or less fum.

For receiving the duty for and in refbeCt of gold plate or Silver plate made or wrought in Great pritain, paying the fame, and making but the accounts according to the directions of the several a£s of parliament in that behalf made, two pounds ten shillings for every one hundred pounds fo received, paid, and accounted for, and fo in proportion for any greater or less fum.

To persons who shall atone and the fame time purchase ftaifiped labels for medicines, the duty whereon shall amount 10^.5 or upwards, five pounds forevefy one hundred pounds, and fo in proportion for any greater or less sum not under £.5.

To persons who shall at one and the fatne time purchase damped labels for medicines, the duty whereon shall amount to £.jo'

Of upwards; tdn pounds for every one hundred pounds, and fo in proportion for any greatef or left sum nbt irnder/.50.

To persons who shall at one and the fame time purchase damped labels for medicines, the duty whereon shall amount to £.100 ot upwards, twelve pounds ten shillings for every one hundred *  Goa  pounds*

45* Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III.c. 98. [1804.

SCHEDULE (C.)—continued.

ALLOWANCES and DRAWBACK.

pounds, and fo in proportion for any greater or left Juan not under £.100.

To clerks in any court of law or equity, entrusted by an ad, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majcfty, intituled, 4 An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on certificates to be taken out by folicitors, attornies, and other persons practising in certain courts of justice in Great Britain; and certain other duties with refjped to warrants, mandates, and authorities to be entered hr filed of record as therein men-tioned j*lo enter and file of record certain* memorandums or minutes; for their trouble in that behalf two pounds ten shillings for every one hundred pounds of the amount of the duties on such memorandums or minutes fo entered or filed of record a$ aforesaid, and fo in proportion for any greater or leis fum.

'To clerks of the p?ace or their deputies refpedively, for and in consideration of their making out and delivering to the proper officer of the (lamp-duties, according to the directions of an ad made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, cap. 46, a lift of persons licensed to fell beer, ale, and otbt? cxcifeable liquors, at and after the rate of one farthing, for the name of every such person inserted in such lift.

*  To  clerks  of  the  peace  or  their  deputies, or the (herifF or ftewart

clerk refpedively, for atid in consideration of their making out, according to the directions of an ad made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, cap. 50, a lift of persons taking out game certificates, at and after the rate of ooe halfpenny for the name of every such person inserted in every such lift.

To the clerk of the courfe, book-keeper, or other person autho-rifed to enter any horfc, mare, or gelding, to dart or run for any plate, prize, sum of money, or other thing, in consideration of his trouble in receiving, accounting for, and duly paying the duty imposed on such horfe, mare, or gelding, five pounds for every one hundred pounds of the amount of the duties fo received, accounted for, and paid, and lb in proportion for any greater or less fum.

DRAWBACK.

. For or in respect of gold plate and silver plate wrought or roanu-fadured in Great Britain, which shall be duly exported by tray of merchandize tolrelao^or any foreign parts, the whole duties wvhich shall have been paid fpr the fame.

. L

CAP.

1804.] Anno r£gni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 99. 453 CAP. XCIX.

An act for granting additional annuities to the proprietors of flock created by two acts, passed in the thirty five nth and forty ficond years of bis present Majefly.—[July 28, 1804.]

WHEREAS an at7, passed in the thirty seventh year of the

reign of his present Majefly, intituled, An act for raising 37 Geo. 3. the sum of eighteen, millions by way of annuities: and whereas c# l0* an aft passed in the forty flecond year of the reign of his present Majefly, intituled* An act for granting annuities to fa.isfy certain Geo. 3. exchequer-bills, whereby certain annuities were created, at and c. 8. after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, and were made part of the capital or joint flock of annuities created by the said first recited aft: and whereas it was hy the said jirfl recited aft enafted, that, after two years from the end of the present war and ratification of toe definitive treaty of peace thereupon, at any period of fix month, ending on the fifth day of April or on the tenth day of Oftober in any year, it Jbould and might be lawful for any contributor, his, her, or their executors, adminiflrators,jucceJfors, or affigns, to make application to the governor and company of the bank of England, to have the said annuities, after toe rate of five pounds per centum thereby granted, redeemed or paid off, or converted into other annuities, as therein after is mentioned, at bis, her, or their eleftion*, and that after fix months previous notice of such his, her, or their intention, the said annuities Jhould be redeemed and paid off, or converted into such annuities accordingly: and whereas the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled did, on the eighth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety fix, resolve that the sum of eighteen millions be raised by annuities*, and did also resolve that every contributor to the said sum of eighteen millions Jhould, for every one hundred pounds contributed and paid, be entitled tO'the principal sum of one hundred and twelve pounds ten Jhillings in annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the tenth day of Oftober one thousand seven hundred and ninety fix, and be irredeemable, unless with the consent of the proprietors thereof, until the expiration of three years from the period at which the cxifling annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum,Jhould be redeemedand paidoff, or the inter eft payable thereon reduced •, that every proprietor of the said annuities Jbould, at his deftre, on three months notice, be entitlea at any period of time, not left than two years after the end of the present war and ratification o f the definitive treaty of peace thereupon, to have the said annuities redeemed, either by the payment of one hundred pounds for every one hundred pounds of such annuities, of one hundred and thirty •three pounds fix Jhillings and eight-pence capital in the three pounds per centum consolidated annuities, at the option of such proprietor: and whereas it is therefore expedient that provision Jhould he made to enable the said parties to take the benefit of the terms contained' in the said reflations in relation to such annuities; be it therefore enacted by the King's inoft excellent majefty, by and with the

advice

4-54 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 99. [1804.

advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the Perfons pof- authority of the fame. That all persons and bodies politick and sessed of stock corporate possessed of any capital flock in the annuities, after centannufties rale ^ve Poun^s per centum per annum, granted by the fold granted by the recited a<5ls of the thirty-feventh and forty-fecond years afore* recited ads, faid, who (hall, by themselves or any agents duly authorifed, on lignifying signify to the governor and company of the bank of England, on before Ofto^ or ^e^orc the fifth day of Oflobcr one thousand eight hundred ber 5, 1804., and four, their desire to take the benefit of the terms contained their desire of in this aft, shall remain entitled to receive the dividend .which taking the will becoirie due on such capita) stock on the tenth day of g-a £cl* Oflober one thousand eight hundred and four; and shall further, entitled to the from and after the said tenth day of Qftober, be entitled to dividend due receive fo much capital stock in the respective annuities herein-the 10th after mentioned, as shall be equal in value to one hundred S c<^Sinan<* Poun<k sterling, estimated at the option of the lords-commif-annuities as noners of the treasury (fuch option to be declared on or before herein meo- the twentieth day of September one thousand eight hundred and tfoned. four), in either of the two following modes; that' is to fay, either such persons and bodies politick and corporate (ball be entitled to hold such capital stock as aforesaid as consolidated with and making part of the confolidatcd annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annumy created by an act made in the twenty-fourth year of his present Majesty, and several subsequent afts, receiving thereon one half-year's dividend on the fifth day of January one thousand eight hundred and five, and, in addition thereto, fo much stock in reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, as shall be equal to the difference between the sum of one hundred pounds sterling and the value of one hundred pounds capital stock in the said consolidated annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annumy the value of such several annuities to be afeertained at the time and in the manner hereinafter mentioned; or for every one hundred pounds of such capital stock in the annuities granted by the foid recited afts of the thirty-feventh and forty-fecond years aforefaicf, and in lieu thereof, such persons and bodies politick and corporate shall be entitled to fo much stock in reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, as shall be equal to one hundred pounds; and that the value of every one hundred pounds of such annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, or in annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum9 granted by an aft of the twenty-fourth year of his present Majesty, and by several subsequent afts, thall be computed and taken on the average price of such annuities fefpeftively on the last ten days on which any transfer of stock shall be made preceding the tenth day of October aforesaid on which any transfer shall have been made in either of the foid laft-menrioned capital flocks at the bank of England, after making deduction of the amount of the dividend due or accruing

1804J Anno regni (juadragcfijnoquarto Gjborqh III, c. 99. 455 cruing thereon; such average to be fettled and declared by the governor and deputy-governor of the bank of England.

II.  And be it further enafled, That all the annuities, after The spercent,

the rate of five pounds per centum per annum9 to which any annuities persons or bodies politick or corporate may become entitled  ftaH

under this a&, in lieu of any former annuities, shall be deemed, be added tq reputed, and taken to be one capital or joint (lock, and shall be the joint (lock added to and made part of the joint flock of annuities with, and °f 5 per cents, shall be redeemable at the fame time and in like manner as the annuities, carrying an interest after the rate of five pounds per

centum per annum, established by an a£t made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majefly, and several fub-fequent a£h; and that all persons and corporations whatfoever, in proportion to the money to which they shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this ad, shall have or be deemed to have a proportional interest and (hare in the said flock of annuities at the rate aforesaid.

III.  And be it further enabled, That all the annuities, after Thespereent die rate of three pounds per centum per annum9 to which any

perfons or bodies politick or corporate may become entitled by granted (ball virtue of this a&, shall be added to the joint flock of annuities be added to transferable at the bank of England, which, by an a<ft made in the joint flock the twenty-third year of the reign of his late Majesty, were °*$ PjJ ***** reduced from four pounds per centum per annum to three pounds rcduc ' per centum per annum^ and shall be deemed part of the faidjoiqt flock of annuities, fubje<5t nevertheless to redemption by parliament, in such manner and upon such notice as in the several a£ts by which the said annuities, after the rate of four pounds per eentum per annum were respectively grantee!, are directed in respect of the annuities redeemable by virtue thereof ; and that all persons and corporations whatfoever, in proportion to the annuities to which they shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this a<ft, shall have and be deemed to have a proportional interest and (hare in the said joint flock of annuities at the rate aforesaid.

IV.  And be it further enabled. That all such annuities (ball Times of be payable half-yearly at the bank of England, at the most usual anuSS^ days of payment in the year for such rcfpe<5tive annuities ; that

is to fay, the fifth day of January and the fifth day of July in every year for and in refpe<5t of the said several annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum; and the fifth day of April and the tenth day of Oftobcr in every year for anq in refpetft of the said several annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per pnnum\ the first payment on the said several annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum to be due on the fifth day of January one thousand eight hundred and five, and on the said reduced annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum on the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and five; and that all persons and corporations entitled to any such annuity or annuities aforesaid, and his, her, and their adminiftrators, fucceflors, and assigns refpec-

45$ Aflaoregniquadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c.99. [1S04.

tiveiy, and all persons and corporations lawfully claiming under him, her, or them, shall have good, fure, abfolute, and indefea-. Able edates and iftterefts in the (aid respective annuities, according to the true tenor and meaning of this ad, until the redemption or expiration thereof in the manner herein direded. Annuities V. And be it further enaded, That all the said annuities shall payable out of be charged and chargeable upon and payable out of the confo-daUd°fundT Heated Fund of Great Britain, after paying, or reserving fufficieftt to pay, all such sums of money as nave been directed by any former act or ads of parliament to be paid out of the fame; and that the said several annuities of five pounds per centum per annum and of three pounds per centum per annum refpedively, Ihadl be subject to redemption by parliament in manner mentioned in this ad.

• .  VI.  And,  for the more eajy and sure payment of the annuities

point a carrier tflablijhed by this afi, it is hereby further enaded. That the said and account- governor and company of the bank of England^ and their fuc-hat.  cefTors,  (hall,  from time to time, appoint and employ one or

more sufficient person or persons within their office in the city of London to be their chief or first cashier or cafliiers, and one other person or persons within the fame office to be their accountant-general; and that fo much of the monies from time to time being in the receipt of the exchequer of the said confo-lidated fund, by this ad made applicable for that purpose, as lhall be sufficient to answer the (aid annuities, (hall, by the order of the commissioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, without any further or other warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained in that behalf, from time to time, at the respective days of payment in this ad appointed, be ifliied and paid at the (aid receipt of the exchequer, to the first or chief caQiier or cathiers of the said governor and company of the bank of England,, and their fuc-ceffors, for the time being, by way of impreft, and upon account for the payment of the said annuities; and that such ca(hier or cafliiers, to whom the said monies shall from lime to time be ifliied, (hall, from time to time, without delay, apply and pay the fame accordingly, and render bis or their accounts thereof according to the due course of the exchequer.

Accountant- VII. And it is hereby also enaded. That the said accountant-F^the^e-" general f°r the time being (hall, from time to time, infped and ceipt and ply- examine all receipts and payments of the said cashier or cafliiers, ments of the and the vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any fraud, caftiicr. negligence, or delay.

Stocks may be VIII. And be it further enaded,. That the (aid respective transferred:  cap]ta|s  or  j0;n^ (locks, or any Oiare or iotereft in either of

them, shall (except fo far as by this ?d is provided) be affign-able and transferable as this ad direds, and not otberwife; and that there shall constantly be kept in the office of the hid accountant-general for the; time beings within the city of London, a book or books, wherein all alignments or transfers of the (aid respective capitals or joint (locks, or any part thereof,

1804.] Annoregm quatJragefinsoquarto Georgii III. c. 99.  457

ind the proportional annuities attending the Tame, at the rate iforefaid, shall be entered and regiftered; which entries shall be conceived in proper words for that purpose, and shall be signed by the parties making such alignments or transfers, or if^ any such party or parties be abfent, by his, her, or their attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorised by writing under his, her, or their hands and feals, to be attested by two or more credible witnefies and that the person or persons to whom any such transfer shall be made, shall respectively underwrite his, her* or their acceptance thereof; and that no other method of assigning or transferring the said refpcdive capitals or joint flocks* and the annuities attending the fame, or any part thereof, or any interest therein, shall be good and available in law; afid that no (lamp-duties whatsoever shall be charged on the said transfers, or any of them: provided always, that all persons possessed of any (hare or interest in any of the said several joint flocks of annuities, or any estate or interest therein, may devise the fame by will in writing attested by two or more credible witneflfes; but that no payment shall be made upon any such devise until fo much of the said will as relates to such eftate, lhare, or interest be entered in the refbe&ive offices; and that in default of such transfer or devise as aforesaid, such (hare, eftate, or interest shall go to the executors, adminiftrators, fucccflbrs, and aQigns.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That nPhutthc?^S person or perfons, or body politick or corporate, (hall, before  .

the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and five, transferred transfer, or be entitled or enabled to*transfer, or have or be before April entitled to have any certificate, receipt, or other voucher, nego- 5> 1805, ciable by delivery or otherwife, for any such reduced three pounds per centum annuities as aforesaid, to which any perfons, or bodies politick or corporate, may become entitled under this adt, as equivalent to the difference in value between the said five pounds per centum annuities granted by the said a6k of the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, and other subsequent a<Sls, and one hundred pounds sterling, if the option shall be fo declared, or as (hall, in cafe of any five pounds per centum annuities, created by the said recited ads of the thirty-fevemh and forty-fecond years refpe&ively, being converted into three pounds per centum reduced annuities, be equivalent to such proportion of the said laft-mentioned annuities as shall be equal to such difference as aforesaid, such proportion in the latter cafe to be fettled and declared by the governor and deputy governor of the bank of England.

X. And be it further ena&ed, That all persons who shall be Annuities t* entitled to any of the annuities hereby granted, and all persons he deemed lawfully claiming under them, shall be possessed thereof as of a personal eftate, which shall not be descendible to heirs, norcl a c* liable to any foreign attachment by the custom of London or otherwife; any law, ftatute, or custom to the contrary notwith- * ftandjng.

XI.  Pro.

458  Anno regni qpadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 99. [1804.

The Bank to XI. Provided alfo, and it is hereby further ena&ed, That the continue a faj<j governor and company of the bank of England^ and their for ^th”pu” fucccffors, notwithstanding the redemption of all or any of their pofesofthis own funds, in pursuance of the ads for establishing the fame, a#.  or any of them, shall continue a corporation for the purposes 0?

this aft, until all the said annuities shall be redeemed as afore, faid; and the said governor and company, or any member thereof, shall not incur any disability for or by reason of his or their doing any matter or thing in pursuance of this ad. Treasury to XII. Provided always, and be it further enafled, That the reward the commifEoners of the treafury, or any three or more of then Bank for their now being, or the high-treafurer, or any three or more of the execution ofC commi®oncrs of the treasury for the time being, shall have thisadt.  po^r, and they are hereby authorifed, out of the said confo*

jidated fund, to reward all such persons as shall be any way; employed in the execution of this a&, for their fervice, pains, and labour; and also to defray such incident charges as frail necessarily attend the fame; and also to fettle and appoint such allowances as they shall think proper for the fervice, pains, and labour of the cashier or caftiiprs of the said governor and company of the bank of England-\ for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said annuities made payable by this alt; and aUofor the fervice, pains, and trouble of the said accountant-general of the said governor and company, for performing the duty and trust incumbent on or reposed in him by this act; ail which allowances to be made as afore fa id in respect of the fervice, pains, and labour of any officer or officers of the said governor and company of the bank of England, shall be for the ufesnd -benefit of the said governor and company, and at their difpofcl only; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

Perfons fued, XIII. And be it further enatted, That if any person or |ke. may  persons shall at any time or times be fued, molefted, or pro-

P,ca^.JJ?c 8C“ fecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in pur* fieralifiue. fuabce of this adl, or of any matter or thing therein contained, such perfori or persons shall and may plead the general ifiue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if a verdidfc shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall difeontinue his or their a&ion, or be nonfuited, or judgement shall be given against him or them, upon demurrer or otherwife, then such defendant or defend:nts shall have treble costs to him or them awarded against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP*

804.I Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Geo&gii IIL c. igo. 45^

C AP.C.

h aft fvr war thoufwg goods within the limits of certain docks made under an aft, passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth year of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for making wet docks, batons, cuts, and other works, for the greater accommodation, and security of (hipping, commerce, and revenue within the port of London; and to make regulations relating to the said docks.—[July 28, 1804.J

[X7HEREAS an aft, pajfid in the thirty-ninth andfortieth year

W of the reign of bis present Majesty, intituled. An act for 39 & 4° G. 3.

wking wet docks, batons, cuts, and other works, for thec*47*

reater accommodation and security of (hipping, commerce, and

evenue within the port of London : and whereas.it is expedient the

rid aft Jhould be amended, and that further regulations Jhould be

iade in relation to the docks, quays, warthoufes and wharfs in the

rid aft mentioned, and to goods and merchandize discharged and

tien in the said docks; may it therefore please your Majesty that

t may be enafted, and be it enacted by the King's most excel-

ent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords

piritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parlia-

nent a fie m bled, and by the authority of the fame. That fo Duties pay-

nuch of the said recited aft as directs and requires that the*™ °{hufftT

hties payable to his Majesty, his heirs and fucccflbrs, in refpecjt^ afcertaincd

)f any tobacco or fnufF, shall be ascertained at the quays or within the

vharfs as therein mentioned, and not elfewhere, shall be and warchoulc*,

he fame is hereby repealed; and from and after the completion

Df the warehouse to be provided for tobacco and fnufF under the

lireftions of this aft, such laft-mentioned duties may and (hall

)e ascertained under the direction of the commissioners of

:uftoms and excise respectively for the time Being, either within

he walls of the warehouses provided for depoftting and lodging

‘uch tobacco or fnufF as aforesaid, or upon such of the quays or

wharfs in the said docks, and not elfewhere, and under such

orders, direftions, and reftriftions, as the said commiflioners

(hall from time to time in that behalf direft or appoint.

II. And be it further enacted. That all the gates and doors Certain ware* of the said docks, and all the gates and doors of such of the said warehoufes, qua)S, and wharfs, as shall be provided or appointed to blunder*

For the warehoufing of or for the landing and ascertaining the the joint locks duties on tobacco, wine, rice, brandy, , geneva, or other fpirits; ofthecom-wd alto all the gates and doors of all such of the said ware- Pany loufes, quays, or wharfs as shall have'any goods or mcrchan- ofaljtoM** Jife depofued therein or thereon, subject or liable to any duties and cxCi(«. of customs or excise refpeftively, shall be under the joint locks of the said London dock company, and of the commiirioners of his Majesty's customs and excife, both or either of them, as the cafe may require, or of their respective officers, and shall be locked and opened only in the joint presence of one or more of the officers of the said company, and of the said commiflioners

of

460 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. too. [1804.

of customs and excifc respectively employed for that purpofc, and shall never, on any account or pretence whatlocvcr, be opened but in the joint presence of such officers; and the office or officers whole duty it shall be to attend the locking op ani opening of the said gates and doors refpeftivehr, shall and they are hereby required to lock up and open the fame, or caufe« procure the fame to be locked up and opened in their pretext at the hours herein-after mentioned for that purpose.

Times ap- Ill* And be it further enacted, That, from the twenty-6r4 pointed for day of March to the twenty-firft day of September^ both inciufirc ftmttinlan<* *n cvcry year> 8atcs °*  ^  docks, and the gates of feeb

gates,&c.  of the said quays or wharfs as shall be provided for the landing

*-  or lading of any fucb goods or merchandize as aforetaid, ac-

cording to the directions of this aft, lhall be opened for bufinds at the hour**f fix in the morning, and continue open until the hour of fix in the afternoon, and shall be (hut at the hid hoar of fix in the afternoon, and continue fo (hut until the hour of fix in the tnorhing; and from the twenty-fecond day of $q~ tember to the first day of November^ both inclufive, and from the tenth day of February to the twentieth day of March^ both inclufive, in every year, the said gates shall be opened at the hour of (even of the clock in the morning, and fo continue until the hour of five'in the afternoon, and fo continue (hut until the hour of seven in the morning; and from the second day of vember to the ninth day of February, both inclufive, in ererr year, the said gates shall be opened at the hour of eight of the clock in the morning, and fo continue until the hour of four in the afternoon, and shall be (hut at the said hour of four in the afternoon, and fo continue (hut until the hour of eight in the morning; and during the period of such gates being (hut it aforesaid, no person mall be allowed to come in or go out of the faid* docks, except through one wicket or final! gate (not exceeding the breadth of three feet, and the height of fix feet fix inches), which shall be provided for that purpose, and such wicket gate shall be wholly (hut at such hours as shall be attained by a table to be calculated, fettled, and approved according to the provisions of this aft, but fo as that the fame shall in no cafe be opened before daylight in the morning, or kept open after dark in the evening: provided alfo, that it shall not be lawful for the said company to permit any (hips to comeiniow go out of the said docks at any other time than during the hour* lb appointed as aforesaid for the gates of the said docks being kept open for the purposes of bufinefs, nor to permit any ship or vessel to pafs, or be removed from the basons of the faii docks into the river before daylight in the morning or after it shall be dark in the afternoon.

IV. Andy for preventing any disputes as to the prectft ptrltisf opening and /butting of the said wicket or fmcll gate as afmfaH be Table of it enafted, That the directors of the said company (nail, before houra for the opening of the said docks for the reception of (hips and and going •  g00(*s> caufc t0 bc made out a table of the precise hours and

6  times

804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Gsokoii III. c. too. 461

imcs in each month, or in each week of each month, at which out of the iich wicket or small gate shall be opened for the coming in and ;oing out of any persons into or out of the said docks, together the company, virh such regulations in relation thereto as may feetn expedient, and approved nd shall submit such table and regulations to the infpelHon,by thetrea-pproval, fanltion, and correction of the lord Jiigh-treaiurer or furT-he commissioners of bis Majesty's treasury for the time being, in >rder to the securing the due and exalt observance of the provisions of this ad in that refped; and it shall be lawful for the said lireltors from time to time, with the approbation of the lords, rommiffioners of the treafury, to annul any such table or regu-ation, and to make any new tablesor regulations in lieu thereof, ubjed to such approbation and sanction as aforetaid; and the [aid directors shall cause copies of such tables and regulations to be hung up in conspicuous parts of the said docks for the information of all persons therein, and resorting thereto; and the said company and their fuccelTors shall at all times be responsible for any neglelt or default of their officers and servants in the execution of Asch regulations.

V. And be it further enaded, That no holidays whatsoever No holidays shall be permitted or allowed to be observed and kept at the said docks, quays, wharfs, warehoufes, or other works of the said day^Chriiu company, either by any officer or officers of or belonging to his mas-Day, Majesty's revenue, or by any officer or servant of the (aid com- Good-Friday, pany, or other person or persons whatfoever, except Sundays^™? Qrijlmas-Days, and Gcod-Fridays, and any days which shall be ^wiags. appointed by his Majesty's proclamation for the purpose of a 6 general faft or thankfgiving, but that all business of the said company and relating to his Majesty's revenue, and all persons using the said docks, quays, wharfs, warehoufes, or other works,

(hall be carried on upon all holidays, except as before excepted, in the fame manner as upon any other days in the year.

VL And be it further ensiled. That if any goods or merchan- Company may dize, which shall be brought into the (aid dock on board of any land goods in ship or veflel, shall not be duly entered with the customs and of entry at the excise refpe&iveiy, within seven days next after the Slip or vessel cuftom-houfe, importing the laid goods or merchandize shall have been reported See, for (even at the cuftocn houfe, then and in every such cafe it shall be lawful d*y»-for such officer or officers of the company as>ihatt be appointed for that purpose by the dine&ars thereof, on thknext ensuing day, not being a- Sunday, Chriftma*~Day% or Good-Friday, or a day appointed by his Majesty's proclamation for the purpose of a general faft or thankfgiving, to cause such goods or merchandize to be forthwith landed and wanehoufed in the presence and under the joint locks of the officers of the customs and excise refpeo-tively, who are hereby authorised and directed to take a true and particular account of the quantity, quality, and species thereof; and in cafe the duties on fitch goods and merchandize shall not be paid and discharged within thirty days next after such report . as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said commissioners of cuftoms, /or the proper officer of excife, and they are hereby re- ;

fpcltively

4&2 Anno regni quadragefimoquarto GEORdti III. c. 160. [1804

fpcftively authorised and empowered to fell and dispose of fud goods or merchandize, or any part thereof to answer and fatisff the duties thereon, rendering the overplus (if any) of themonir anting by the said fale, after payment of any rates, charges, oj expences, which may be due to the said company, to the prod prietor or proprietors, consignee or confignees, of fuck goods of merchandize: provided always, that if a price cannot be obtiind for such goods or merchandize equal to the full amount c( the duties of customs and excise thereon refpeftively, and tk# charges of the sale thereof, then and in such cafes all such goods and merchandize shall be effeftoally deftroyed, or otherwifebl (bid and disposed of in such manner and for fucb purposes, and under such rules, regulations, and reftfiftions, as the commifl fioners of his Majesty's treasury shall from time to time direct, K*fees to he VII* And be it further enacted, That no fee, perquitite, of company's rcwarc*» °f *ny denomination whatfoever, shall be taken, tf-l officers, or by cepted, or received by any officer or officers, servant or (ervants, j the revenue who shall or may be employed in the /ervice of the said Lmu I officers. dock company (other than the salary or wages that shall or mar1 be paid or allowed to such officer or officers, servant or ferants refpeftively, by the said company) $ nor shall any fee, perquititeor reward whatsoever be taken, accepted or received, by any officer or officers of his Majesty's cuftoms, who shall or tnay attend; aft, or be employed in the discharge of any duty, office, or employment of bis Majesty's cuftoms, within the said docks, quays, warehoufes, or other the premises of or belonging to the Aid company, for any fervice, aft, or duty which shall or may be done or performed within the fame, touching or concerning any goods or merchandize that shall or may be imported and unladen therein 5 and that every person taking, accepting, or receiving any fee, perquitite, or reward contrary to this aft, (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay back the amount of the fee, perquitite, or reward fo taken, accepted, or received, and ia addition thereto, any sum not exceeding one hundred pounds nor left than twenty pounds, to be recovered, levied, or mitigated and applied as any like penalty may be recovered, levied, mitigated or applied by any law or laws relating to customs or excise relpeftivdy; any thing in the said recited aft, or any other law, ftatute, or ufage, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithftanding.

VIII.  Provided always, and be it further enacted, That vetme officers nothing herein contained shall extend to deprive or prohibit ant of their lawful officer or officers of his Majesty's revenue from taking, accepting, fees on goods 0r receiving any fee, perquitite, or reward, which by law be now exported. or  entitled  to, for or in respect of any goods or mer-

chandize which shall or may be exported from the ford docks, quays, warehouses in the said recited aft mentioned, and other premifes, whether the fame goods or merchandize shall or (hill ' not have been previously imported* into and laden therein. Recited aft IX. And be it further enacted, That fo much of the said recited aft as requires thb said tonnage and dock duties m the Dfi!rmeii°of ^ a& mentioned payable m respect of any ship or vessel to be m  paid

804 ] Anno regni 4uadragcfimo quarto Georgii III. ci 160. 463

aid before the entry of such (hips or vessels at the ctiftom-houfe, tonnage and nd aJfo fo much of the said recited aft as appoints and directs dock duties, ny other time or times than are in this aft specified for the pay- ,ca 00 lent of the rates and duties on merchandize mentioned in the 6 ud aft, than the time or times in this aft mentioned in that ehalf, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

X.  And be it further enacted. That all the tonnage and dock Times^ap-nd other rates or duties, by the said recited aft granted and^npJ ayab!e to the said company, in respect of any (hips, or of any of such rates, oods, wares, and merchandize rcfpeftively, shall in every cafe

e payable and paid as follows; that is to fay, the said ton-age and dock duties shall be payable and paid within one alendar month next after the ship or ve(Tel shall enter the dock, r before leaving the fame (whichever shall first happen); and be said rates and duties on merchandize shall be payable and aid within one calendar month next after the cargo of the efpeftive ship or vessel importing the fame shall have been com-iletely discharged or unloaded, or in cafe such goods, wares, or nerchandize shall be removed from the quays or warehouses of he said company before the expiration of one calendar month, hen the said rates and duties shall be payable and paid in respect if the fame, previous to such removal thereof; and in cafe default hall be made in payment of the said rates or duties or any of hem for the space of two calendar months next after the expira-ion of such one calendar month as last aforesaid, it shall be law-ul for the said directors to fell or cause to be fold all or any part )f such goods, Wares, and merchandize, and out of the monies hence arising to retain and pay all the rates and duties which hall be payable to the said company in respect of such ihip,

;ood$, wares, and merchandize, and all charges and expences of naking such fale, returning the overplus (if any) of the monies irifing by the said fale, and such of the said goods, wares, and nerchandize as shall remain unfold, to the person or persons who hall be entitled thereto.

XI.  And whereas by the said recited aft provifton is made for making compensation to the owners and occupiers of legal guaysj fuffer-net wharf i, warehoufes, docks and other tenements and hereditaments, nd to tackle-houfe porters, ticket porters, owners of lighters and crafts nd free carmen of the city of London, or other person or persons nterejled in or employed upon the hufinefs thereof reffectively: and uhtreas injury, lofs, or damage may accrue to wine coopers and other oopers and vintner porters, by means of certain provisions of the faid

ft and this present be it therefore further enacted, That the Compenfatioii •rovifion made in and'by the said recited aft, for making com- ^COOPW,» •enfation to the several deferiptions of persons before mentioned, n respect of the injury, lofs, of damage they may suffer or sustain >y the works therein mentioned, (hall, and the fame is hereby declared and enacted to extend to such wine coopers and other oopers and vintner porters, who shall or may prove that they lave fufiered or sustained any injury, lofs, or damage, in the fair nd legal employment as wine coopers or other coopers or vintner

464 Anno

Warehoufe tent, after the rate of 4s. per fcogfhead, &c. to be paid for tobacco warehoused.

Wharfage of tobacco or snuff to be paid as here* tofbre.

Officers may

go on board, and remain in tobacco Ihipi within the port of London. and take account of the tobacco, and seize it if forfeited, lee.}

regni quadragefuno quarto Gsoegii III. c. too. [1804.

ner porters, by means of the fame works or the provisions of this present ad, or by means of any rules or regulations to be made by the said diredors of the fsid company,

. XII. And be it further enaded. That for and in refpeftof 211} tobacco which shall be depofited, lodged^ or fecur^d in any ware* houfe, provided or to be provided within the said dock, for the purpose of warehousing of tobacco, there shall be paid to the proper officer of the cuftoms, a rent or sum of four shillings fa each and every hogfhead, cafk, cbeft, or cafe of tobacco, which lhali be deposited or lodged in any such warehoufe; that is to lay, two shillings by the importer, proprietor, or confignee, fa each and every such hogfhead, caflc, died, or cafe of tobacco, Immediately at and upon depositing the lame in any such ware* houfe, and the further sum of two shillings by the proprietor or exporter before the fame shall be taken from or delivered out of any such warehoufe, either for home consumption or exportation; and in cafe of neglect or refusal to pay the said rent or either cf the (aid sums of two shillings respectively at the times and in the manner before mentioned, then and in such cafe such tobacco shall and may be destroyed or otherwise disposed of or fold, in like manner as any other goods or merchandize may be destroyed or otherwise disposed of or fold under the directions of the lords-commiffioners of his Majefly's treafury, or any three of them: provided always, that nothing in this aa shall extend, or be con-(trued to extend, to charge the said sum of four shillings for or in respect of any tobacco which (ball have been removed from any other warehouse under the direction of the commissioners cf customs and excifej and all such sums of money fo paid as afore* (aid shall be paid into the exchequer, as part ot the consolidated duties of cuftoms.

XIII.  And be it further enabled. That it shall not be lawful for the said company to charge or receive any greater sum ot money for the wharfage of any tobacco or snuff which may be deposited or lodged in or delivered out of the said warehouse than is now charged and paid for wharfage of the like goods when landed at or (hipped from any other legal wharf or quay; any thing in this or any other a& of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV.  And whereas it is by the said act direfiedy that iurir% $ certain periodall ships laden with tobacco, and arriving in the psrtij London for difebarge, shall unlade the whole of their cargoes svidv the"faid docks j be it therefore ena&ed, That it shall be lawful (or any officer or officers of excise to go on board and remain in any ship or vessel whatsoever within the limits*of the port of Lmss, and to search for any tobacco or snuff that shall be laden on board, or imported therein, or which (ball be (hipped or put on board any such ship or vessel to be exported, and to take account of all such tobacco and snuff refpedlively, and to feisc all such tobacco and snuff there found as by the laws thereunto relating shall be forfeited, together with the hogiheads, calks, cherts, cafes, and other packages containing the fame, and also such ship or vtiTel,

if

1804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto GEofton III. c. 100. 465

if the fame shall be forfeited for or on account of such tobacco or snuff j and if any person or persons shall affault, moleft, obftruCt, oppofe, or hinder any such officer or officers of excise from going on board or remaining in any such ship or veffel, or examining or searching the fame, or in seizing any such tobacco or fnufF, or ship or vessel as aforesaid, every person fo offending (hall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds, to be recovered and applied as any like penalty may be recovered and applied by any law or laws relating to the duties of excife: provided always, that nothing therein contained shall butnot to go extend, or be construed to extend, to authorifc or empower any on hoard vef-excife officer to gq or remain on board of any ship or vessel in the India docks belonging to the fFe/l-India dock company, during the doeks while time that the gates of the said docks are required to be locked, the gates are by an ad* made in the forty-fecond year of the reign of his required to be present Majesty.  locked.

XV • And whereas the obtaining of permits for the removal of[ample* of tobacco taken under the directions of an act made in the twenty-ninth ye Qr of the reign of bis present Majefiy^ intituled, An ad* for repealing the duties on tobacco and fnuff, and for granting new duties in lieu thereof, is attended with trouble and inconvenience \ be it therefore enaded. That when and fo soon as any sample of ?e£u*auj-on8 . tobacco imported into the port of London shall be drawnor taken, the fame shall be well and effectually secured with packthread, removing and a parchment label affixed thereon, in the presence of the samples of proper officers of the customs and excife, on which label shall be tobacco, written, by the person or persons applying for or drawing such fample, the plantation mark, together with the manifeft, number, weight, and tare of the hogfhead, cafk, cheft, or cafe, from or out of which the fame shall be taken, and also the landing . mark and number thereof, and the day and year on which the fame was drawn or taken; and each such label shall be signed by the officers of customs and excife, who shall attend the drawing or talcing and the making up of such fample, and that no sample or samples of tobacco fo drawn or taken and made up, and to which any such label as aforesaid shall be affixed, shall be liable to forfeiture for being removed without permit; any thing in this or any other a£t or adls to the contrary, in anywise notwith-ftanding: provided always, neverthelefs, that the package con* taining any such sample or samples of tobacco shall be marked on the outiide id large legible characters, with the words Samples of Tobacco: and provided alfo,. that no such sample or samples of tobacco shall be removed, unless at such times as hereinafter mentionedj that is to fay, from the twenyt-ninth day. of September to the twenty*fifth day of March in each year, between the hours of seven in the morning and five in the evening, and from the twenty-fifth day of March to the twenty-ninth day of September in each year, between the hours of five in the morning and seven in the evening, except the fame is or are removing or carrying by a known common stage coach, waggon, or other stage carriage which ufualiy travels out of those hours, or by Vol. XLV.  H  h  water

466 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 100. [1804

water by a (hip, veflel* or boat usually navigated in the fair course of trade out of those hours.

XVI.  And be it further ena&ed, That if any person or perrons shall take any such label as aforesaid from or off the particular (ample of tobacco to which the fame was originally affixed, and shall affix the fame to any other tobacco whatever, every person fo offending (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds, together with all such tobacco to which any such label fo taken off or from the original (ample (ball be affixed, contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, to be recovered, levied, or mitigated and applied as an/ like penalty may be recovered, levied, mitigated, and applied by any law or laws relating to cuftocns or excise refpedively; any thing in the said recited a£t, or any other law, ftatute, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding,

XVII.  Andi be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for remove18 l^e c°m®i(&o&ers *>f cuftoms, and they are hereby autborifed

tobacco from and required, as soon after the passing of this a & as they (half onew trehoufc deem it expedient, to direfi any tobacco or snuff lodged in any to another, warehouse to be removed to the warehouses provided and appointed for tobacco and (huff in the said dock : provided always, that the fame shall be done free of expence to the owners or proprietors of such tobacco or fnuff.

Indemnity for XVIII, And be it further enabled, That in cafe any goodsor damage to merchandize that (ball be deposited or placed in any warehouse goods ware- under the provisions of this adt (ball, during the continuance of houfed» such gO0(jg ^ merchandize in any such warehoufe, sustain any damage or injury by reason of any defect in such warehoufe, or for any want of due care in or for any other default of the laid company, or their servants or agents, for which the proprietors or owner or configuee of such goods or merchandize would by law be entitled to recover ana receive any compensation for | such damage or injury, no such compensation Avail, after the passing of this adt, be recoverable against the commiffioocrs of , cuftoms, or any officer of the revenue; but such compensation . shall be recoverable against and from the directors of the said London dock company, in like manner in every respect as every compensation can or may by law be recoverable in like cafes by any proprietor, owner, or consignee of any goods or roerchan* dize for any damage or injury thereto.

P°^er* °f XIX. And be it further enacted, That all such or fo much of extended to Powers» authorities, provifions, regulations, directions, pe-this aft. nalties, forfeitures, claufcs, matters, and things whatsoever contained in any adl relating tp any tobacco or snuff imported into or exported from Great Britain, as applicable to the purposes of this ad, and not hereby repealed, altered, or otherwise provided for or rendered unneceffary, shall extend and be construed to extend to all tobacco and snuff brought into and landed or warc-houfed in or laden from the said docks, quays, wharfs, or wart-houfes, and shall operate and be in force in respect thereto as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame

power*,;

Penalty for taking off labels from Canopies, and affixing them to other tobacco.

Commiffioo*

1804.] Anno regftl qoadragdfanoquarto Geohgii 111. c. 100. 467

powers, authorities, provifions, regulations, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufet, matters, and things were particularly repeated and re-enafted in the body of this aft.

XX.  And be it further enacted, That in cafe any goods or Goodi, other merchandize, other than tobacco and fmuff, £hall at any time be andVnuff CC° landed at or upon the wharf or quay within the (aid dock which, fended on the had been or may from time to rime be appropriated for the land- tobacco

ing of tobacco and (miff, unless with Kccnce in that behalf wharf subject granted by the coiBnaifftonefs of his Majesty's customs or excifet0 *or clturc# refpeftively, all such goods and merchandize which shall be fo landed shall be forfeited, and (ball and may be seized by tnjr officer or officers of the customs or excife*

XXI.  And be it further enabled, That the several rules, re-Provifions of

gulations, reflriftions, powers, provifions, claufes, matters, and  law#

things, whether relating to the taking of bond or fecuritj, or excifc#not otherwife, provided or enacted by any law or laws of customs or to be altered, excife, in force at or immediately before the passing of this aft,

whether in* relation to the importation or exportation, ware* houfing, or landing of any goods or merchandize chargeable with duties of excise as aforesaid, or for the better ascertaining or securing those duties, not being exprefcly revoked, altered, otf controuled by this aft, os repugnant to any of the provisions herein contained, shall remain and continue in as full force atid effect as if this a ft had not been made; any tiling herein contained to the contrary norwithftandfog*

XXII.  And be it further enabled, That the harbour master Harbour mat or harbour matters for the time being of the port of London, anc^^2ters to the dock master and dock matters for the time being of the fiiid ohferve the dock company, (hall, in executing the powers by law vetted in directions of them refpeftively, always ohferve, comply with, and use their *9 Geo. 3. best endeavours to enforce the regulations and directions con* c*480 tained in the aft of parliament ot the nineteenth year of the

reign of bis present Majesty, for preventing matters of (hips removing their vcttels which shall have come from or shall be bound to foreign parts, out of the ftream, except to the lawful quays in (he port of London, before the goods are discharged or their vessels are cleared by the proper officers, inwards or outwards, fo far as the lame regulations and directions shall not ob» ftruft, moleft, or interfere with the free use and enjoyment of the laid dock and the bason and other works which shall belong thereto refpeclively.

XXIII.  And whereas it has been and may become neceffary,, that the directors of the /aid companies, on behalf of the said company, and the secretary to the commijftoners of cuftoms^ and the JecretAry of the commifjionen of excife, on behalf of his Majefly refpeftively^ Jhould enter into contrails and agreements in relation to the providing ware* houses for tobacco, or other articles to be warehoused in the said docks; and it is expedient that all such contrails Jo madey Jhould be made valid end effieftual and binding on the persons making the famey and also on

the[ucceffors of such perfoni refpeftively; be it therefore enact ed. That Confirmtag all such conuafts heretofore made, or that may hereafter be made agreeaenle

H H 2  by  between  di«

468 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. tot. [1804. re&ors and by any of the diredors of the said company, or by the present fe-^cuftoma^ crctary to commiSiohers of cuftoms, or by the present fecre-and excifc^in tary to the commissioners of excife, or any succeeding secretary relation to of customs or of excise rcfpedively, with the approbation of the watthoufes. commissioners of customs and excife, as the cafe may require, and of the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treafury, shall be and are hereby declared to be valid and efFedual, and binding in law and equity* on the persons respectively entering into the fame, and all'o on the fucceftors of the diredors entering into and Snaking the fame* and on the said company, and also on the re-fpedivc fecretartes Of the said commissioners respectively far the time being on behalf of his Majesty, to all intents and purposes whatever ; and the covenants and agreements contained in any such agreement shall and may be enforced and put in execution by and against the successors of such persons for the time being, according to the true intent and meaning of such agreements, as fully and effectually as if new covenants and agreements had been or were from time to time made for that purpose by any such perfons; any law or laws to the contrary notwithftanding. Publickad, XXIV, And be it further enaded, That this ad shall be deemed and taken to be a publick ad, and shall be taken notice of as such by all judges, juftices, and -other perfons, without being specially pleaded.

CAP. CL

An all for permitting, until the firjl day of Auguft one thousand eight hundred and feveny the exportation of fait from the port ^Naffau in the IJland £/*New Providence, the port rf Exuma, and the port of Crooked Iftand, in the Bahama IJlands, in Jbips belonging to the Inhabitants of the United States of America, and coming in ballajl, — [July 28, 1804,]

WHEREAS it is expedient to give due encouragement ts the making of folt in all parts of the Bahama IJlands, in the fame manner as the making of fait has been encouraged in T urks IJlands, by the proviftons of an aft, pajfed in the twenty-eighth year of 28 G 1 c« 6, ret&n °f Prefent Majejly, intituled\ An act for regulating the trade between the subjects of his Majesty's colon:*$and plantations in North America and in the Wejl-India Iflands, and the countries belonging to the United States of America, and between his Majesty s said subjects and the foreign islands in the Weft Indies \ be it therefore enacted by the King's melt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par* Veflels of the liament aflemblcd, and by the authority of the fame, That, United States from and after the first day of Auguft one thousand eight hun-

bBUiS^mav ^re(* an<* ^our> an<* unt**  ^  Auguft one thousand

enter the eight hundred and fcvenx it shall and mav be lawful for any ship port* of 7 or vessel belonging to the inhabitants of the said United States of Mflfau,  America,  coming in ballaft, and not otherwife, to enter the port

xurna, and pf^jfQU jn the Illand of New Providence, the port of Exmnaf 1  and

1804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Gkorgii III. c. 102. 469 and the port of Crooked IJland, ports in the before-mentioned Crook 1/lands, for the purpose or being there laden with fait, and fo* no other purpose whatever; and subject to the duties, Pr<>vi-bein^adcn ° lions, regulations, and reftritiions in the said a& contained withTalt. respecting (hips and vessels coming for the fame purpose to Turks Iflands.

CAP. CII.

Jin aft for the more effectual bdminiflration of justice in tbofe parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England and Ireland, by the issuing of writs of Habeas Corpus (ad tcftificandum, in certain cafes• — [July 20, 1804.]

WHEREAS it is expedientj for the more effectualadminiflra-tion of justice in tbofe parts of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England and Ireland, that further provisions Jbould be made for the issuing ofwrits of Habeas Corpus ad teftiheandutn, in certain cafes: be it therefore enacted and declared by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and com* mons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the pafling of this a&, it shall Any judge of be lawful for any judge of his Majesty's courts of King's Bench or the King's Common Pleas of England and Ireland refpedtively, or any baron Bench, &c. of his Majesty's court of exchequer of the degree of the coif in England, or any baron of his Majesty's court of exchequer in Habeas * Ireland, or any justice of oyer and terminer or gaol delivery, Corpus being such judge or baron as aforesaid, at his diferetion, to for bringing award a writ or writs of Habeas Corpus, for bringing any pri- ^JcMurUto foner or prisoners detained in any gaol or pri Ton before any of ^ examined the said courts, or any fitting of niftprius, or before any other as witnefles, court of record in the said parts of the said united kingdom, to be there examined as a witness or witneftes, and to testify the truth before such courts, or any grand, petit, or other jury,' in any cause or caufes, matter or matters, civil or criminal, whatfoever, which now are or hereafter shall be depending, or to be inquired into ot determined in any of the said courts.

II.  And be it further enacted, That every justice of great Juftices of session in IVales* and in the county palatine of Chefler^ shall fe{fi°ns have the like authority within the limits of his jurifdi&ion. to havetbe^

CAP. CIII.

An act for making further regulations for the better eolleftion and security of bis Majesty's revenue of customs and excise in Ireland, andfor preventing frauds therein*—[ July 28, 1804.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make further regulations for the better eolleftion and security of his Majesty s revenue of customs and excise in Ireland, and for preventing frauds therein, be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpirkua! and

temporal*

470 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii HI. c. 103. [1804.

temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflemUed, Mode of and by the authority of the fame,' That, from and after the twenty-ninth day of September om thousand eight hundred and oiAiifcrs. four, in lieu and instead of the charges now required by law to be made in the cafes hereinafter mentioned, any of the officers of excise taking or keeping an account of waft, pot ale, and low wines of any diftiiler, (hall, upon any decrease of wash made from corn, charge such diftiiler with fo much Anglings or low wines, being the first extraction of wash made from corn, as one-third part of the said wash fo decreased shall amount unto; and also with fo much doublings or spirits of the second exfra&ion, as two-fifib parts of the (aid Anglings or low wines fo charged as aforesaid shall amount unto, and shall charge such diftiiler with duty for such quantity of spirits accordingly; and th t when any (fill shall be charged with pot ale or warn made from corn, such officer shall in like manner charge the diftiiler with fo much Anglings Or low wines, as one-third part of the quantity which such (till shall be capable of containing shall amount unto; and also with fo much doublings or spirits of the second extraction, as two-fifth parts of the said Anglings or low wines fo charged as aforesaid shall amount unto ; and shall charge such diftiiler with the duty for such quantity of spirits accordingly, deducting in the said lad-mentioned cafe one-twelfth part of the quantity which such (till shall be capable of containing, for liberty for such (till to work; and the officers of excise making returns of the quantities of spirits diililled by any diftiiler, and of the duties thereon, shall make such returns accordingly, and the diftiiler shall pay the duties fo charged and returned, in like manner as is required by law with refpeS to the charges, returns, and payment of duties under any act or a&6 in force before the passing of this a<5t.

Proportion of j[, ^n(j ;t further ena&ed. That, from and after the said Rill?touts' twenty-ninth day of September, no brazier or other perion altitude. dealing in brafs, copper, tin, or other manufaflurecl metal, shall make, or have in his poffefiion, nor shall any diftiiler or distillers have, keep, or make use of any ftill, the diameter of which shall exceed the altitude thereof, in a greater proportion than three inches of such diameter to one inch of such altitude, such diameter to be taken in the widest part thereof, and such altitqde to be taken in a perpendicular line from the centre of the mouth of the body of the still to the centre of the bottom thereof; and if any brazier or other person dealing in brafs, copper, tin, or other manuftdlured metal, (hall, from and after Penalty for  twenty-ninth  day  of  September, make, or have in his

exceeding the  pofieffion, and if any diftiiler, after the .faid twenty-ninth day of

proportion.  September, shall have, keep, or make use of any ftill, the dimen-

fions of the refpe<9ive diameters whereof shall exceed therefper-tivc proportions hereinbefore mentioned, every such ftift (ball be forfeited, and shall and may he seized by s*ny officer or officers of excife; and the person or persons making, keeping, or using the fame, or having the feme in his, her, or their

poHcfiion,

1804.] Annoregm quadragefimoquarto Georgii III. c. 103. 471

pofleffion, shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds,

III.  And be it further enabled, That, from and after the said Charge on twenty-ninth day of September, all and every distiller and^1*

di (tillers of spirits in Ireland shall be charged with and shall pay excife, in refpefl of each and every still belonging to such distiller or diftillers, for the respective number of charges of low wines hereinafter respectively mentioned, for twenty-five working days next after the day on which each and every such still respectively shall from time to time be unlocked or fet to Work pursuant to law; that is to fey, for each and every still of three thousand gallons content or upwards, for twenty-five charges of low wines for twenty^five working days; for each and every still under three thousand gallons content, and not less than two thousand five hundred gallons content, fot twenty-fix charges of low wines for twenty-five working days ; for each and every still under two thousand five hundred gallons content, and not less than two thousand gallons content, for twenty-seven charges of low wines for twenty-five working days; for each and every still under two thousand gallons content, and not less than one thousand five hundred gallons content, for twenty-eight charges of low wines for twenty-five working days; for each and every still under one thousand five hundred gallons content, and not less than one thousand gallons content, for thirty charges of low wines for twenty-five working ^ days; for each and every still under one thousand gallons content, and not less than five hundred gallons content, for thirty-four charges of low wines for twenty-five working days ; for each and every still under five hundred gallons content, and not less than two hundred gallons content, for forty-three charges of low wines for twenty-five working days; and shall also be charged with and pay excise for as much more pot ale, wa(h, , low wines,. Anglings, or fpirits, after the rate required by law, as he or (he shall distil within such twenty-five working days and every subsequent day, over and above the respective quantities aibrefaid.

IV.  And be it further enabled. That no distiller shall keep or Diftillers shall have in his possession any greater number of worms of stills than keep no more the number of stills which he or (he have been licensed to J'J®8 ^ keep, nor shall use in distilling of spirits any greater number of

worms than one worm with any one ftill, without the consent of the commissioners of excise first obtained in writing under their hands for that purpose; and if any greater number of worms of stills shall be found in the diftiliery of or in any other place belonging to or occupied by any diftiller, than the number of stills which such distiller shall be licensed or allowed as aforesaid to keep; every such worm of a still fo found, and also every still with which more than one worm shall be ufed, or to which there shall be more than one arm, shall be forfeited and feized; and the distiller in whose possession any such worm or worms or still shall be found, shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds.

XT A —■

47a Annoregni quadragefimoquartoGEORGii III. c. 103. [1804.

Time for delivery of Spirits.

Diftillm shall not be factors.

Provifions of a& 40 G. 3, extended to this

Sale of peri (liable goods feized.

V.  And be it further enalted, That no distiller shall deliver or carry out any spirits to any person or perfons, without notice first given to the officer of excise for the piace or district where such distiller shall live, to the intent that such officer may be present to fee and gauge such spirits unless between fun-rife and fun-fet, upon pain that every difliller doing contrary hereunto shall forfeit and pay for every offence the sum of twenty pounds, and ail fucji spirits (ball be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the excife.

VI.  And be it further enaded, ^That no distiller shall be licensed to fell or deal in home-made spirits or foreign spirits on commission or otherwife; and that no distiller (ball deal in or fell any spirits by commission or otherwife, except such spirits as shall have been distilled in some distillery of his own, duly entered ; and if any such distiller shall fell or deal in any homemade or foreign spirits by commission or otherwife, contrary to this afuch distiller shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds.

VII.  And be it further ena&ed. That all and every the powers, provifions, rules, regulations, penalties, forfeitures matters, and things contained ip an alt of parliament of Ireland, made in the fortieth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled,

An at1 for regulating the trade« of a diftiller, and for securing the duties payable on home-made fpirits, or in any a 61 or a61s for continuing or amending the fame, or in any other a & or a&s for colledling, regulating, or securing his Majesty's revenue of excise in Ireland, and in force at the time of the passing of this j a61, except in fo far only as the fame are varied or altered by the provisions of this a61, shall be applied in the execution of this a6f, as fully and e(Fe61ually, to all intents and purposes whatfoever, as if the fame were repeated and re-enaded in this a£h

VIII.  And be it furthef ena&ed. That all periftutye goods which shall be seized by any of the officers of his Majesty's revenue, or other person or perfons, ftiall and may be fold at any time after the seizure thereof, with the consent of the owner or proprietor thereof, by order of the chief commissioners of customs or excife, or any one or more of them, or by order of the collector or other chief officer for the time being of his Majesty's revenue for the diflrieft in which such goods shall be seized (except the colleger of Dublin city excife, and the collectors of the port of Dublin and county of Dublin), and the produce arising by and from such sale shall be accounted for and paid to such person or persons refpeflively as shall be by law entitled thereto, within one week after the time limited by law for appealing from any judgement or proceeding, whereby such goods shall be condemned or acquitted, shall have elapfed, or in cafe of any appeal within one week after the determination of such appeal; and the produce arising by and from such fale, after deducing the duty due and payable to his Majesty on such goods, being paid to the person or persons entitled thereto, shall be in full fatisfa6lion of the goods fo feized.

I5f. And.

1804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 103. 473

IX* And, to obviate the inconveniences which may arise to the publick by the absence of the collectors of the revenue in Ireland from their refpeCtive diJtriCls, be it enadted, That it shall and may be CoIIetfors lawful for the Several collectors of his Majesty's revenue of may (wear t cu (loros and excise in Ireland, to make oath of the truth oft0 th«r their refpedHve accounts, before any magistrate or justice of the accoun 8* peace, within the cities or counties where such collectors shall refpeflively refide; any law or custom to the contrary not-withftanding.

X* And whereas it has been deemed expedient to change the mode of collecting the revenue arifmg from licences for the file of spirituous liquors, wine, beer, or ale in Ireland, by imposing aJlamp duty on such licences ; be it therefore enabled* That all claufes, directions, Collectors of and provifions, contained in any a& or alts in force in Irelandcx^ife may at the time of the palling of this act, whereby the collectors of receive li-excife in Ireland arc empowered to receive the duty on such ccnce licences, or to give any receipt for the fame, or to receive or retain any fee, payment, allowance, or sum or Turns of money on account of such licence or of-thc duty payable thereon, or as dircCts or requires any such receipt to be indorsed on any certificate required by the said recited a&s, or any of them, lhali be and the fame are hereby repealed, fo far as the fame relate to licences for the sale of spirituous liquors, wine, beer, or ale, to be of force in Ireland after the twenty .eighth day of September one thousand eight hundred and four.

XI.  And be it further enaCted, That the (lamps required for Clerks of such licences, under an a£\ palled in this prelent session of par- peace shall liament, intituled. An aClfor granting to hisMajeJly certain Jlamp ffr0Tidcfor duties in Ireland, shall be from time to time found and provided dccuck. by the clerks of the peace for the several counties, counties of

cities, and counties of towns in Ireland, or by the persons ap*

plying for such licences; and such clerks of the peace shall be

entitled to receive, from the person or persons applying for such

licences, the amount of such stamp duty, in addition to all such  %

other sum or sums of money as they are entitled to receive

under or by virtue of any a£t or a&s in force in Ireland, relating

10 such licences, and that the payment of the said (tamp duties

by the person or persons applying for such licences shall be in

lieu and full satisfaction of all duties payable by law under any

a£t or aCls in force in Ireland, except the duties payable to the

fuperintendant magistrate of the city of Dublin; and a licence

granted on vellum, parchment, or paper, duly ftamped, with

the sum required by law for the purpose, shall be as valid to

all intents and purposes, and shall and may be given by the

clerk of the peace, as if the collector had indorsed thereon his

receipt of the duty payable for the fame.

XII.  And be it further enabled, That if any clerk of Penalty on the peace shall grant or issue any licence for the sale of clerks of spirituous liquors, wine, beer, or ale, by retail, which shall be lflrujng written or printed on undamped parchment or paper, or parchment or paper not duly ftamped, every such clerk of *

the

474 Anno regm quadragefimo quarto Georgii HI. c. to$. [1804.

the peace (ball for every offence forfeit and pay the fa® of one hundred pounds, to be recovered by any person who wilt sue for rhe fame, by aflion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, m any of his Majesty's courts of record in Dublin•* and if upon pny such action or information a verdiA shall be given and judgement entered thereon against the defendant, (belt clerk of the peace (ball forfeit his office, and be for ever difaHed from being again appointed thereto. madlTof h- ** XIII. And be it further ena&ed, That the clerks of the peace cences iflvied.  fever*'  counties,  counties  of  cities,  and  counties of towns

in Ireland* tuall, and they are hereby directed and required, within one month after the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and four, and fo annually within one « month after the twenty-nrintli day of September in each and every subsequent year, to make out and tranftnit to the comniffioners of excise in Dublin, a lift containing the number of aM such licences as shall have been granted by them refpedively, pre-vioufly to the said twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and four, and previous to the twenty-ninth day of September in each and every subsequent year, which lift shall contain a true account of the number of all licences fo granted previous to such twenty-ninth day of September, and also the names of the persons to whom such licences were granted rc-fpeAively, and the place where the fame are granted for, and the names, deferiptions, and places of abode of the foreties for each such perfon, and the amount of the stamp duty paid thereon '  refpeAively;  and if any such clerk of the peace shall refute or

neglect to make out and tranftnit such lifts, or shall make cr transmit any false or untrue lift, he shall for every offence for-feit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered by any person who (lull foe for the fame, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record in Dublin.

Clerks of XIV. And be it further ena&ed, That no clerk of the peace peace not to ffiall be entitled to, nor shall a(k, demand, or receive any fee, demand ad- payment, qr gratuity whatever, for the providing of die bid 11 n ces. pampS> 0f for ^ making or transmitting of such lifts, or for the granting of such licences, other than such fees as he is entitled unto under any a& in force in Ireland before die passing of this aA; and if any such clerk of the peace shall afk, demand, or receive any other or further fee, payment, or gratuity for the fame, direAly or indireAIy, he shall for every offence forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered by any person who will foe for the fame, by aAion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record ia Dublin.

XV.  And whereat* in consequence of the alteration in the mode ef collecting the duty on fucb licences* the c Metiers of excise in the fever el dijlrifis will lose the fees and sums of money heretofore payable to Compensation them thereon; be it therefore enaAed, That during such rime as AWT thc *vcral pwfoos, now holding the office of colic Aors of rhe ■**1.  excife

:8o4-] Annoregni quadragefimo quarto Georgit III. c. 103* 475

xcife in their rdpedtive diftridVs in Ireland, shall continue to

told and enjoy the fame, it shall and may be lawful for the

ommiflioners of excise to pay to such collegers rcfpedVively, or

>y an order under the hands of such cotnmiffioners to allow such

:olledors to dedud and retain, out of any money in their bands,

uch sum and Aims of money as shall appear to. the said cord-

niffioners, in consequence of the returns herein required to be  *

tiade by the several clerks of the peace in manner aforesaid, to

je equal to the Aim or Aims of money which such colledlors

would respectively have been legally entitled to haye received,

on the granting of all such licences within their refpe<Sive

diftridVs, in cafe the duty on such licences had been continued

to be paid to such collectors in manner diredVed by any a<51 or

ifts relative to such licences in force in Ireland before the patting

of this adh

XVI,  And whereas by the said recited aft of this prfent fejjion of parliament, intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty certain (lamp duties in Ireland, certain stamp duties are imposed on permits relative to excifeablc goods, and the certificates thereof required

by law\ be it therefore enabled. That all such (lamp duties shall Stamp duties

be paid by the persons requiring and taking such permits and t0 he pud by

certificates refpedVively, at the time of their taking or receiving

fuch permits and certificates; and that all permits and certificates fane. 8

not duly (lamped shall be actually void, and shall not prote&

any goods, wares, or merchandize mentioned therein; and that

it shall and may be lawful for the commifiioners of his Majcfty's

revenue in Ireland> and they are hereby authorised and required

to provide permits and certificates duly (lamped, and to make

fuch rules and regulations for the payment of the (Vamp duty

thereon, by the person or persons requiring and receiving the

fame, as to such commissioners shall from time to time feem

expedient.

XVII,  And be it further enadVed, That, from and after the Importing first day of Auguft one thousand eight hundred and four, it shall merchant*, not be lawful for any importing merchant in any port in Ireland, c^tiflcatwfor to give any certificate for any foreign wine, which such im-removal of porting merchant shall fell to persons residing within the fame wine.

port or place where such merchants have imported such wine, nor shall any such certificate have any force or effedV to protedfc such wine within such port or place, or to prevent the necelfity of a permit for the removal of such wine within such port or place, any thing in an adV, made in the parliament of Ireland in the fortieth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for better regulating the issuing and granting of permits and certi-fates for the conveyance and protection of certain excijeable goods therein mentioned, and to prevent frauds by dealers in or retailers of such goodSy or any other adt or acts in force in Ireland to the contrary notwithftanding,

XVIII,  And, for the encouragement of officers of the revenue and

others in the performance of their duty, be it enadVed, That in all Officers

cafes when any officer of the revenue, or any seaman employed wounded tobe 1  J  J: n rewarded, See.

476 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgi i III. c. 103. [ 1804.

in the service of the customs or excise in Inland, shall be killed* maimed, or wounded in the execution of his office or duty, it {hall and may be lawful for the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue in Ireland, or for the commissioners of customs or excise refpeCtively, as the cafe may require, to make such provifton for such revenue officers, and for such seamen fo maimed and •  wounded, or for the widows and families of such as shall be

• killed, as they shall be authorised and empowered to do by warrant from the lord high-treafurer, or from the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury of Ireland for the time being.

Officers ap-

XIJl. And be it further enaCted, That whenever it (ha!!

Salt may be landed on bond.

pointed shall happen that any officer of the customs or excise in Ireland (bill beconfidered be appointed or direCted by the commissioners of customs or ayhe proper excise to do, perform, or execute any business or duty in matter* officers. relating to' the customs or excife, the officer fo appointed or directed (hall, to all intents and purposes, be held and considered to be the proper officer for the purposes for which he was fo appointed or directed; and that in any matter or fuit relating to the duty performed by the officer fo appointed or directed, all books and papers offuch officer fo appointed or directed, (hall, to all intents and purposes, be deemed and taken to be, and shall be read and admitted in evidence as the books and papers of the proper officer.

XX.  And whereas it is expedient to permit the landing of fit ii Ireland for the purpose of warthoufing the fame, in manner bertin* after mentioned; be it therefore enacted, That any foreign bit, or any fait of the produce or manufacture of Great Britain, which shall be duly and fairly imported into Ireland, in any quantity not left than fifty bufhels, upon due entry thereof, may forthwith, and before payment of all or any part of the duty payable on the importation thereof, by any act or aCts in force in Ireland, be landed at such ports or places in Ireland, as the commissioners of customs in Ireland may from time to time dircCt and allow', in the presence of the proper officer of the customs at such port, from on board the ship or vessel in which the fame fhaii be imported, any thing in an a& made in the parliament of Ireland in the fortieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for better regulating of his Majesty's revenue, and for preventing of frauds therein, to the contrary notwith-ftanding ; and that such fait fo landed for the purpose of ware-houflng shall be weighed and carried and put into his Majestys warehouse, or into such other import warehoufe, ftoreboufe, or cellar, as shall be for that purpose provided, and shall be approved by the said commissioners of cuftoms, or by the collector and port surveyor at the port, at the expence of the refpeCbire proprietors or importers of such fait, and under such rules and regulations as the said commissioners of ^uftoms shall direCl and appoint} and that the proprietor or proprietors, or importer or importers of such fait, shall give good and sufficient bond or fecurity, to be also approved of by the ikid commissioners at cuftoms, or by the collector and. comptroller of the port, in

doubit

804.3  Anno regnl quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 103'. 477

ouble the amount of the duty payable by law on the impor-ation of any such fait, conditioned for the payment of all such iuty as lhalf be payable on all such fait at the time of taking he fame out of warehoufe, before fuel) fait shall be taken out of varehoufej in cafe the fame shall be fo taken out within twelve ralendar months, or in cafe such fait shall not be fo taken out >f warehouse within such twelve calendar months, then for the )ayment of such duty at the expiration of such twelve calendar nonths, which duties shall be charged according to the quantity t>f such fait, as the fame shall be afeertained by the proper officer at the time when such fait shall be landed and warehoused as aforesaid.

XXI.  And be it further enacted. That no such fait shall be Notice to be put into or delivered out of any such warehoufe, ftorehoufe, or ^ cellar, in any less quantity at one time than fifty bufbels; and ancj lodging when and fo often as the importer of importers, or proprietor Galt, or proprietors of such fait, shall be desirous of or have occasion to put any such fait into, or to take or deliver the fame out of any such warehoufe, ftorehoufe, or cellar, he, (he, or they shall give twelve hours previous notice thereof in writing to the (lore-keeper or other proper officer, specifying in such notice the day, and hour of the day, when he, (he, or they intends or intend to lodge or put any such fait into, or to take or deliver the fame out of any such warehoufe, ftorehoufe, or cellar, and the quantity of fait intended to be put into or delivered out of the fame; and such storekeeper or other officer is hereby authorised and required to attend, in pursuance of every such notice, for the purpose of receiving or delivering and taking account of the quantity of such fait accordingly,

XXII.  And be it further enacted, That if any person fo Salt may be warehoufing such fait shall desire to take the fame out of ware- coa^* house for home consumption before xh< expiration of twelve fumptioo.” calendar months after the fame shall have been fo warehoufed,

it shall and may be lawful for him fo to do, on paying to the collector of the port the full amount of the duty payable on the importation of such fait, according to the quantity of such fait, as the fame shall have been afeertained at the time of its being warehoufed; and, upon the production of the colleftor's receipt ' for such duty to the ftorekeeper, it shall be lawful for him to discharge the (aid fait, and to deliver the fame to the owner thereof or to his order, under such reftriCtions and regulations as the said commiffionefs of cultoms may from time to time order, direCt, and appoint.

XXIII.  And whereas it is expedient to allow such fait to be taken from and out of such warehoufe^ ftorehoufe^ or cellar, at certain ports in Ireland, to be exported to Newfoundland,/^ the purpose hereinafter mentioned, be it therefore enaCted, That it shall and may be Salt may be lawful to or for any person or perfons, within twelve months token out of after the importation and landing of such fait, to take, free of^rtainporta, duty, for the«purpofe of immediately exporting the fame, in any and exported ship or vessel not of lefr burthen than forty tons, to Nnu* to Newfound-

478 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Grob.ch lit. c. 103; [1804.

foundlandy for curing fi{h to be there caught, any quantity not lets than'fifty buffieh-at a time of such fait, from and out of any such warehoufe, ftorehoufe, or cellar, at the ports of Waterford, Rofsy Cork% and Limerick, upon the person or persons (o taking out such fait first giving the like bond or fecurity, as by an ad, made in the parliament of Ireland in the fortieth year of his present Majesty's reign, for better regulating the collection of his Majesty's revenue, and for preventing of frauds therein, is required and dirc&ed to be taken for or in respect of fait, the produce or manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland, delivered for exportation, and the giving or entering into such bond or fecurity, together with the exportation of such fak to Newfoundland as aforesaid, shall vacate the former bond or security for payment of the duties on the importation of such fair, fo far as such laft-mentioned bond or security relates to such duty, for or in respect of the quantity of such fah fo taken out of such warehoufe, ftorehoufe, or cellar, and exported to Newfoundland as aforefaid: provided always, that such laft-mentioned bond fball be and remain in full force and tfFe& as to all the felt ' specified therein, or to which the fame shall relate, except the particular quantity or quantities thereof fo taken out and exported to Newfoundland as aforefaid*

Salt maybe XXIV* And be it further ena&ed, That it shall and may be tranihipped lawful for any person or persons importing fait in any vessel «SSinCport#n arr*v*n6 *n tnc harbours of Waterford, Refs, Cork, or Limerick, for the tike * a^tcr invoice and entry of the fame, and within twenty-one days after the arrival of such (alt at such port, and with the consent of the said rommiflioners of the cuftotns, and under such regulations and restrictions as the said commi(Boners of the customs shall dire£t and appoint, to tranfhip such fait or any part thereof, in the presence of the officer or officers to be appointed for that purpose, without landing or warehoufing the fame, and without payment of any duty on the importation thereof, and to lade the fame in the presence of any such officer or officers on board any ship or vessel clearing put from the said ports for the Newfoundland filhery: provided always, that the person or persons fo tranftiipping such fait (hall, before commencing the tranfhipment thereof, give bond for the due exportation thereof to Newfoundland, in like manner as is hereinbefore directed with respect to fait which shall have been ware-houfed and taken out of warehouse for exportation to Newfoundland.

XXV.  And, for securing the duty on wood imported into Ireland,

________ be It further enacted, That every importer or proprietor of

duty on wood wood fo imported and fubjeift to duty by the load of fifty cubic imported* feet, or by the ton, shall give twenty-four hours notice to the surveyor or land-waiter appointed to attend the discharge of the ship or vessel in which such wood shall be imported, of the time and place when and where the admeasurement of the fame is intended to take place, and such admeasurement shall take place between the hours of ten in the morning and three in

the

purpofe*

For fecuring

^c>4«3 Annoxegni quadragcfiraoquartoXjsorgii III. c. 103. 479

he afternoon; and such importer or proprietor shall cause all ach wood to be fo placed as to enable the officer or officers ot he cuftoras, and his and their affiftanrs, with ease and don-renience, to take the dimensions of every piece of wood fo imported, and no such wood shall be carried or conveyed away by such importer or proprietor nor shall be discharged before it shall be fo measured and the dimensions thereof taken by the officer, and the duty thereon paid, or secured to be paid, according to law; and if any importer or proprietor of such wood shall neglect or refuse to give such notice, or to afford such atfiftance to the officer or officers as is herein reauired, or (had carry or convey away any such wood before the tame (half be fo measured by {he officer, and the duty paid or secured as afore-faid, then and in every such cafe such importer and proprietor shall forfeit and pay the sum of two hundred pounds.

XXVI.  And whereas it is expedient to allow fo much of the duty on the wines hereinafter mentioned, as exceeds the duty on Portugal wines and Spanifb white wines, to be secured by bond in manner hereinafter mentioned \ be it therefore enabled. That, from and Spanifli wines after the tenth day of July one thousand eight hundred and four, ** bond-it shall and may be lawful for any importer, dealer, or other c ' perfon, chargeable with the additional duty of sixteen pounds nineteen shillings and eight-pence, imposed on Spanijh red wine or any other wines of the dominions of Spain, and the wines of Naples and Sicily* under and by virtue of an. ad paffedin this session of parliament, intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty 44 Geo. j. certain duties on the importation of the goods, wares, and mer- a *7* chandizes, therein mentioned, into Ireland; and also certain duties of excise on fpirits, malt, and tobacco, in Ireland ; andfor the increajfe of certain publick revenues in Ireland, by making the fame payable in British currency, to give security by bond to his Majesty with one or more sufficient lurety or fureties, to be approved of by the colledor of the district in which such importer, dealer, or other person resides (which bond such colledor is hereby auiho-rifed to take for his Majesty's use in a sufficient penalty), for the payment of the sum of (even pounds on every tun of (uch wine, as and in part of the said additional duty of sixteen pounds nineteen shillings and eighNpfnce, conditioned that such importer, dealer, or other perfon, shall pay the said sum of seven pounds per tun on the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and five; any thing in the said recited ad, or in any other ad or ads, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXVII.  And be it further enaded, That, from and after AH wine (ball the tenth day of July one thousand eight hundred and four, all jy^tcrcd ** wines imported into Ireland shall be entered and charged with duty as filled wines, and not otherwife, without any allowance thereon for leakage or otherwife, any thing in an ad palled in this session of parliament, intituled. An ait for changing, until the^Oto, 3* * twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five,c* certain rates and duties, and for allowing certain bounties and drawbacks upon goodsf wares, and merchandize imported into and exported

from

480 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii ItT. c. 164. [1804.

Recovery of penalties.

A d may be varifcd.

Continuance of the ad.

from Ireland, andalfo for charging certain inland duties of excise crj taxes in Ireland, in lieu of former rates, duties, and taxes, bounty and drawbacks, or in any other aft or acts to the contrary not-withftanding.

XXVIII.  And be it further enacted, That all fines, penal-ties, and forfeitures, by this a <d inflicted and created, shall be paid and payable, and received and receivable in Britifi currency, and shall and may (in all cafes where the recovery and application of the fame is not otherwise directed by this ad) be sued for, recovered, levied, and applied, in like manner and form, and by the like ways and means, and with the like powers and authorities, as are preferibed, directed, and appointed in and by an ad, made in the parliament of Ireland in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, intituled. An atl for the settling the excise x new impofl upon his Majestys his heirs and fuccejfors* according to the book of rates therein inferted, or by any other law or laws relating to his Majesty's revenue of excise in Ireland* as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes ns if the fame were herein particularly mentioned, exprefled, and enaded, with like remedy of appeal for the party or parties who shall think him-felf, herfelf, or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the raid lad-mentioned a & or any other ad as aforesaid is provided.

XXIX.  And be it further enaded, That this aft may be amended, altered, or repealed, by any ad or ads to be made in this present session of parliament.

XXX.  And be it further enaded. That this ad shall continue and be in force until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and five, and no longer.

CAP. CIV.

An act to permit, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five, the warehoufmg of [pints in Ireland fir exportation; for charging a duty on the fame when taken out for home confumption\ and to regulate the exportation to Great Britain of such spirits as shall not be warehoufed.—[July 28, 1804.J

WHEREAS the allowing spirits made or diftiSedfront corn in Ireland to bo warehoused there for exportation, without pej-. ment of the duty of excise chargeable in Ireland thereon* may tend U promote the profitable export thereof; be it therefore enacted by the King's molt excellent majefty, by and with the. advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority ofthe Diftillers may fame, That, from and after the twenty-fifth day of July one warehouse  thousand eight hundred and four, it shall and may be lawful for

fpirits with-  every distiller or maker of such spirits in Ireland to warehoufe

of duty TtCD ^is fyrits f°r exportation, without payment of such duty of certain ports excife, according to the provisions of this ad, and subject to ^  such

i #04.] Atirio regfilqUadrageiimoquarto Georgii til. c. 104. 48t

uch rules and regulations as the commissioners of excise in in Ireland, Ireland shall from time to time direct or order, in any of his u,Vj*.r ^ Vlajefty's (lores or warehouses at the ports of Dublin, Droghtda, h^ein-after Dundalk^ Ninury, Belfajl\ Galway, Limerick, Londonderry, G?r£, mentioned. Ycteghally Waterford, Wexford^ Sligo, and Wefport, or at any,

)ther port in Ireland in which, or in the<diftrid in which fitch sort shall be fituated, (tills of not less than five hundred gallons n content (ball be hereafter licensed by the said commiflioners: provided always, that no spirits of a strength less than a ftrengih rqual to one to ten over hydrometer proof, by Clarkhydrometer,

[hall be fo warchoufed; and that all such spirits shall be contained in ca(ks of not less than one hundred gallons content, and that there be marked on the head of each ca(k, in letters or figures cut therein, the number of gallons of spirits in such cafks, and the strength of the spirits contained therein.

II.  And be it further ena&ed, That when and as often as Diftiller* shall any distiller shall intend to warehouse spirits for exportation, he gj** notice tp shall give notice in writing to the officer or officers of excife

who mall be placed over him, and also to the storekeeper at Gf the time the port of exportation* of such his intention, in which .notice be intends to shall be fet forth the number ahd content in gallons of each warehouse ca(k which he fo intends to warehoufe, and the day and hour of the day on which he intends to commence the removal of such spirits to the warehoufe, which day shall not be more distant than fix days nor nearer than three days from the time of such notice: provided always, that no removal of any spirits f6r. such pttrpofe shall be allowed without permits, containing all such particulars as shall he directed by the commissioners at excise j nor shall any such removal commence before the hour of nine in the morning, or continue longer than until the hour of three in the afternoon.

III.  And be it further ena&ed, That the proper officer of Officer shall excise shall attend at the (lores of every such distiller at the

time mentioned as aforesaid in such notice, and such officer d•ring shall continue there until the whole of the spirits for which such removal, notice has been given (ball be removed out of the stock of such and shall note diftiller, under permits for the purpofc, containing all such decreafiMn his particulars as shall be directed by the said commissioners 0fftock toooiu excife; and that immediately after the removal of such fpirits, such officer shall take (lock on such diftiller, and shall fet forth the decrease occasioned by the removal of all such spirits in the stock book; and in cafe the whole or any part of the fpirits. Penalty on for the removal of which a permit shall be granted as aforesaid, distiller not shall not be delivered into his Majesty's (lores within the time preferibed in the permit or permits for conveying the fame ware? (except in cafes of unavoidable neceflity, proved to the fafisfac- houfes. tioo of the said commissioners of excise J, the distiller of such fpirits, for the removal of which out of his (lores a permit shall have been granted as aforesaid, shall forfeit the sum of ten shillings for every gallon not fo delivered, and shall also forfeit a gallon of spirits for every gallon fo deficient in delivery, and Vol: XLV.  11  it

On ware-houfing {pints, ftorc-kceptr (hall

ihc iamc.

482 Anpo regni quadragefimo quarto Geo&gii HL c, 104. [1804.

it shall be lawful for the officer of excise to feixe and take out of the (tores of such diftiiler a gallon of spirits for every gallon which shall be fo deficient; and it shall and may be lawful for the said commiiTioners to withdraw and annul any licence before that time granted to such diftiiler, if they shall think tic fo to do.

IV.  And be it further enacted. That immediately on the arrival of such fpirits, under proper permits, at his M-jjefty's (lores, the proper officer shall gauge and take an account of

give diftiilera every ca(k, and the (Irength of the spirits contained therein, receipt for and shall enter an account thereof in a book to be by him kept for the purpose, and thereupon the storekeeper shall deliver to the diftiiler or person requiring the fame, for the use of such diftiiler, a receipt for such fpirits, specifying the number of the different cafks, with their gauge, and the quantity and (Irength of the fpiiits contained in them, with the month and day of the year when such spirits were ftored, and any marks which may be put on such casks by such diftiiler, for distinguishing the spirits to be his property.

V.  And be it further ena£ted, That such receipt shall be delivered over within a rcalon?b!e time, by every such diftiiler, to the officer of the walk where such diftiiler shall reside or carry on his diftiilery, and such officer shall immediately return to such diftiiler a copy thereof, signed by himfclf; and upon the delivery of such receipt, and not before, it shall be lawful for such officer to deduct from the number of gallons of spirits vri:h which such diftiiler shall have been charged or chargeable, the number of gallons fo warehoufed, and return the charge

Diftiiler shall deliver such receipt to officer, who lhall then deduct the fpiri.s fo warehoused from the dif. tiller's (lock, and charge

the remainder against the diftiiler to the colleftor, for the remaining number

only with duly.

Spirits warehoused flir.ll not br taken out but under this aft.

Officers to mark cafks.

of gallons, which shall be a charge against such diftiiler accordingly; and every such officer shall annex to such return the ftorekeeper^ receipt, as his voucher for having made such deduction as aforesaid.

VI.  And be it further enacted, That such spirits which shall be fo warehoused shall not be taken or carried out of the warehouse on any account whatfoever, otherwise than in manner and pursuant to the provisions and directions hereinafter mentioned and contained.

VII,  And be it further enacted, That fo often as any person warehouftng spirits shall be desirous of (hipping for exportation any quantity of such fpirits, such person (haU deliver to the ftorekeeper, five i<ays at lead before the time when he intends to ship such fpirits, a note in wilting, requiring such storekeeper to deliver such c.<(ks as such person may intend to export, fpeci-fy :;g the number of casks and the quantity of spirits intended to be (hipped, as fet forth in the receipt given to such person by the ftirciveeper, at the time when such spirits were admitted imo th : -van:.hi uO, and n»cn:ion.*:g the time when such person priy^f:. to Hup loch fpirits, and the name oi destination of thv" ! lip or vriTe!; ‘ ar;d it (hill he lawful for the officer attending J *v ,;vi) ': , l vir* w hich such spirits are to be taken, before

the

1804.] Annoregni quadragefimo quartoGeorgii III. c. 104. 483

the delivery thereof from such warehoufe, to mark every cask of such spirits with such mark as the said commissioners of excise shall direct; and if any fpirita fo intended for exportation (hall, alter having been received in his Majesty's (lores, and before their actual exportation, be altered in quality, quantity, or ftrength, except by decrease occasioned from leakage, waftc, or accidenr, all such fpirits, and the ca(ks containing the fame,

(hall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of his Majesty's revenue.

VIII.  And be it further enaded, That before any such Before fyirita spirits shall be delivered out of any such warehouse for exporta-(hall be dcli-tion, the person or persons intending to export the fame (ball, ^imr^ation with one or more sufficient surety or fureties, give bond to hi9 ^ond shall be Majerty in double the value of such fpirits, and of the excise given to exduty which .would be due and paya'ble thereon if such spirits Por* them to were taken out for home confumption, that such spirits (hall

(the dangers of the seas cft enemies excepted) be exported to and landed at such port as (halt- be specified in such bond, without alteration in quality or quantity, except what may be occasioned by leakage, wafte, or accident, and shall not be landed in any other place, nor re-landed in Ireland.

IX.  And be it further enabled, That upon the exporter of On produc-fuch fpirits, or some person in his behalf, producing to the t!^11 of accr‘ storekeeper of the warehoufe, and to the officer attending the bond has been fame, a certificate from the proper officer that such bond and given, fo security hath been given, the ftorekeeptr of such warehouse and much fpirita officer attending the fame shall deliver such spirits as lhall be.a8^llbe mentioned in such certificate to be exported, and such (lore- "herein keeper (ball cause the said spirits to be fent, under the care of a be delivered, proper officer, at the expence of the owner, to the quay where with a per-the ship or, vefle) shall be flattened, and shall at the fame time nut, to the deliver a permit for the quantity fo fent, in which permit shall "®^nir the be also mentioned the date of the spirits being warehoufed, and (hipping of such other particulars as the said commissioners of excise may the spirits for from time to time order and direct \ and all such fpitits shall exportation, remain in the care and custody of the (hipping officer on the

quay until (hipped or exported} and all such spirits shall be (hipped in the fame calks in which they were originally warehoused, with the marks, numbers, and note of the contents thereon, except in cafes of damaged or leaky calks, which may be changed with the leave of the said commissioners or of the chief officer at the port, and like marks shall be cut on the head of each new calk as had b4en cut on the leaky or damaged calks; and all such spirits shall be (hipped only in such vessels a9, by law, spirits of Irijb manufacture may now be (hipped for exportation, subject to all regulations, forfeitures, and penalties, in respect of re-landing or unihipping the fame, as are contained in any a£t or a&s in force in Ireland respecting spirits (hipped for exportation to Great Britain or elfewhere, and as are not contrary to the provisions of this adh

11 2

X, And

484 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 104. [1804, Spirits maybe X. And be it further enaCted, That if any perfim fo ware-hSme con- ^oufing  far exportation (ball desire to take the lame or

fumption.* any quantity thereof) not lelii than fire hundred gallons, out of his Majesty's warehouse for home confumption, it shall and piay be lawful for him fo to do, on paying to tile cplle&oroC the port the.full amount of the duty payable on such fpirits, for the quantity which each and every such cask contained at the time of its being warehoufed, together with a fuoi9 after the rate of ten pounds for every one hundred pounds by the year on the amount of the said duties, from the expiration of sixty days after the day of storing such fpirits, till the time of taking the fame out for home confumption; and upon the production of the collector's receipt for such duty to the ftorekeeper, it dull be lawful for him to discharge the calks mentioned in the collector's receipt, aod to deliver a permit for the conveyance of the Dune to the owner thereof, or to such place as such owner shall direCt or require.

Warehoused XI. And be it further enaCted, That spirits fo warehoused liercmovcd may 1* removed, at the desire of the owner thereof, from his to other Majelty's warehouse at any one port, to the like warehouse at warehoules. * any other port as afore mentioned, under such regulations u the said commifiioners of excise shall order in refpcCt thereof. Warehoules XII. And be it further enaCted, That it shall be lawful for »ay be vt- the proprietor of any such spirits fo to be lodged in any ware-by propria? *>oufe u  m  the  presence  of the storekeeper or other

ttri, p officer, who are hereby required to Attend at all reafbmbie times for that purpose, not oftener than once a week, to vie*, examine, and (hew for (ale such fpirits, or any part thereof, and to examine the state of the calks, and to prevent leakage or damage therein.

If spirits are J£I1L And be it further enaCted, That if any. spirits shall renw*n his Majesty's warehoules, after having been received months, they therein under the provisions of this aCk, for more than four may be Void7 calendar months, or such further time as the said cotamiffionm for oaymeut of excise shall appoint, on special application made to them, it •f duty.  Xhall and may be lawful for the said commiffiooers to dired

shat such spirits shall be puMickly fold, giving feveo days pubHck notice thereof; and the produce arising from such file (ball be applied in the iirft place to the difebarge of all the dudes thereon, computing filch duties on the number of gallons which each and every caft, contained at the time of its being warehoufed, without any allowance for waste or leakage, to* gether with the sum after the rate of ten pounds for every one hundred pounds by the year on the amount of the said duties, from the expiration of sixty days after the storing of such spirits until the sale thereof; and the remainder, after deducing all expences of warehqufmg and fate, shall bc;paid oyer to the owner of such fpirits.

Drawback of XIV. And be it further enaCted, That on the exportation 9d* 3?* irish Qf any foch fpirits, wfiicMhall have been warehoused in manner ^forelaid, no drawback or allowance whatever shall be given or

paid,

I  .  .

1804.J Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Gboroii III. c. 104. 48$ paidt other than and except a drawback of nine-pence three spirits In lieu farthings Irijb money upon every gallon of fitch fpirits, as and ■t duty# in lieu of the duty paid on the malt used and confomed in the making of such fpirits, unless all duties of excise due and pay* able on the fame in Ireland shall be first fully paid and fatisfied, which drawback is hereby requited to be paid and satisfied on such export, subject to all rules and regulations in force ro-fpe&ing drawbacks.

XV.  And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any spirits On spirits made or diftiiled from corn in Ireland^ which shall not have entcr^*or been warehoused in one of his Majesty's warehouses under the threat Bri-provifions of this ad, fhaJl be entered for exportation to Great tain, which Britain, no drawback (ball be paid, or debenture made out for hare not been paying the fame, unless due proof shall be first made by due warttooufed, course of permits, traefflg such identical spirits from the original be^paid, diftilicry to the port or place of exportation, and by such other but on proof evidence as shall be required, to the satisfaction of the said of payment of commissioners of exciTe, that each and every gallon for^rfullduty, which such drawback shall be claimed, has been diftiiled in a

{till or {kills containing lets than five hundred gallons, and had or suchal-paid the full duties due and payable thereon by any law in lowance shall force in Ireland> without any allowance out of /Or on payment be of such duties on account of the size or contents of the still or ^cduftedout Hills wherein such spirits may have been diftiiled, or unless all of the draw-allowances which may have been made on account of the size back, or contents of the still or stills (if such spirits shall have been diftiiled in a still or stills of the content of five hundred gallqns or more), shall be refunded or repaid to or for the use of his Majesty, in such manner as such commissioners may from time to time order and direct in that behalf 5 and if such allowance shall not be refunded and repaid on exportation to Great Britain, such allowance shall be deemed a part payment in advance of the drawback payable by law, and the remaining part only of such drawback shall be paid on such export; any a& or z&s in force in Irelandf or any ufuage or enftom to the contrary notwithflandtng.  .>

XVI.  And be it further enabled. That whenever any such Form of cn-fpirits which shall not have been warehoused under this ad shall for** be entered for exportation to Great Britain, the person entering Cxporutiorv such spirits for exportation shall state or cause to be dated in

the entry thereof, whether any allowance has been made out of or on payment of the duties payable on such fpirits, on ao-count of the size or contents of the still or stills wherein such spirits may have been diftiiled, or on any other account, or under any other pretext whatfoever, and the amount of such allowance; and if such person shall neglect fo to do, or shall make any false or untrue statement with respect to any such allowance, all spirits fo entered for exportation shall be forfeited and may be seized by any officer or officers of the revenue, and , the person entering the fame for exportation shall also forfeit the sum of one hunored pounds,

XVII.  And

486 Anno regni quadragefuno quarto Georgii III. c. 105. [1804.

Recovery and application of penalties.

Continuance of a&

XVII.  And be it further enadod, That ail fines, penalties* and forfeitures by this ad inflicted and created, other th?n such as ar^ by this ad other wife provided for, shall and may be (tied for, .recovered, levied, and.applied in such manner and form, and by such ways and means, and with such powers and authorities as are preferibed, direded, and appointed in and by an ad of the pailiament of Ireland, made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of bis late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled. An act for the settling of the txcife or new impost upon bit Majesty* his heirs and fucceffirs, according to the hook of rates therein infer ted, or by any other ad or ads in force in Ireland relating to the revenue of customs and excife, or either of them, as fully and effedually, td all intents and pus* pofes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned, cxpre&d, and enacted in this ad, with like remedy of appeal for the parry or parties aggrieved, as in and by the said recited ad, or any other ad or ads as aforefdd, is provided.

XVIII.  And be it further enaded, That this ad shall continue in force until the twenty-fifth day of March one thou&nd eight hundred and five*

CAP. CV.

Certain ads respecting the revenue of Ireland recited.

ftn aft to continue, until the twenty-ninth day of September cm thousand eight hundred and five, several aftt for the better collection and security of his Maififb revenue tn Ireland * and fir preventing frauds therein.—(July 28, 1804.]

WHEREAS an aft was made in the parliament of Ireland in the fortieth year of the reign cf his prefint  intituled*

An act for better regulating the collection of his Majesty's revenue, and for preventing of frauds therein ; and for repealing an ad, made in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, * An act for continuing and amending fe-vcral laws relating to his Majesty's revenue, and for the more cffcdually preventing the frauds therein, and the several ads and statutes which are mentioned to be continued by this ad:' and whereas an aft was made in the parliament of the United King* dom in the forty^third year of the reign of his present Majeftjy in* tituled. An act to amend several ads of parliament for the better collection and security of his Majesty's revenue of customs and excifc in Ireland, and for preventing frauds therein, and to make further regulations relating thereto: and whereas an aft was made in the parliament of Ireland in the thirty -eighth year :f the reign of his present Majesty, intituled\ An act to secure the collection of the duties on audions, and on glass bottles made in this kingdom, and on paper printed or ftaii>ed in this kingdom to serve for hangings or other ufes$ and to prevent frauds therein: and whereas an eft was made in the parliament of Ireland, in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty^ to anted and continue the said last recited aft of the tnirty-eighth year afire-faid y and whereas an aft was made in the parliament of Ireland, in the fortieth year of the reign of his present Majesty* to continue and

xmtud

1804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quartoGeorgii III. c. 105. 48^

amend the [aid tun last recited afts of the thirty-eighth and thirty-ninth years aforefaid: and whereat an ail was made in the parliament of Ireland, in the fortieth year of the reign of his present Majefly % intituled. An adt for regulating the payment of bounties on the exportations of certain manufactures of this kingdom: and whereas an ait was made in the parliament of Ireland, in the thirty feuenth year of tht reign of his present Majefly^ intituled\ An act for regulating the import, export, and saie of coffee, and fe-curing the duties payable thereupon: and whereas an ail was made in the parliament of Ireland, in the fortieth year of the reign of his present Majefly^ intituled, An aCf for regulating the trade of a di(tiller, and for securing the duties payable on home-made fpirits: and whereas an ail was made in the parliament of the United Kingdom in the fortyftrft year of the reign of his present Mtijefty* to amend and continue the said last mentioned ail of the fortieth year aforefaid: and whereas an ail was made in the parliament of Ireland, in the fortieth year of the reign of his present Majesty% intituled\ An a<5fc for the better collection of all duties on hides and (kins tanned and dressed in oil, and on vellum and parchment made in Ireland,, and for preventing frauds in his Maiefty's revenue therein : and whereas an ait was made in tht parliament of Ireland, in the fortieth year of the reign of his present Majesty^ intituled, An a£t for the better regulation of, and securing the duties payable on, licences to persons engaged in the several trades therein mentioned, and to hawkers and pedlars j and the duties on playing cards, and for securing the expcnccs of distraining for the Kinds' rents, and for other purposes : and whereas an ail was made in the parliament of the United Kingdom, in the forty-fecond year of the reign of his present Majefly y for the purpoje (amongfl other things) of securing the duties payable on licences to perjins in Ireland, not being maltjlers or makers of malt„ felling malt by commiJfiony or otherwife: and whereas an aft was made in the parliament of Ireland, in the thirty-feventh year of tho reign of bis present Majefly^ intituled, An a£t for regulating the lfluing of licences for the sale of wine, ale, beer, cider, and fpirkuous liquors by retail 5 and for preventing the immoderate ufeof spirituous liquors: and whereas an ail was made in the parliament of Ireland, in the thirty eighth year of the reign of his present Majefly, f,r continuing and amending the said lajl recited ail of the tbirtyfeventb year aforefaid: and whereas two ails were made in the parliament of Ireland, one in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majestyy and the of her in the fortieth year of the reign of bis present Majefly for continuing and amending t$e several laws for regulating the tjfuing the said lajl mentioned licences : and whereas an ail was made in the parliament of the United Kingdom, in the forty-Jirfl year of the reign of bis present Majefly y to continue and amend the several laws in Ireland, to regulate the ijfu'mg of the said last mentioned licences: and whereas an aft was made in the parliament of Ireland, in the tbirty-feventh year of the reign of his present Majefly, intituled, An act for collecting and securing his Majesty's revenue upon malt: and-whereas an aft

was

<5-38 Anno Kgni quadragefimo quarto Gborgiiill. 0,105. fi&>4*

was madi in the parliament of Ireland* in the fortieth year of the reign of bis present Ma jeJly * to amend and continue the said Inf recited aft) passed in toe thirty-fiventb yeart of the reign of bis present Afajefy: and whereas an aft was made in the parliament of the United Kingdom in the forty-third year of the reign of his present Moyejly* intituled, An act to amend the aSts now in force for fecunng the collection of the revenue upon malt, and for regulating the trade of a distiller in Ireland: and whereas an aft was made in the parliament of Ireland, in the fortieth year of tho reign of bis pre-font MajeJly, intituled* An aCl for the better regulating the ifiuing and granting of permits and certificates/or the conveyance and protection of certain excifeable goods therein mentioned; and to prevent frauds by dealers in, or retailers of such goods: and whereas an aft was made in the parliament of Ireland, in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of bis present Majesty* intitule4* An iCt to regulate the trade of reifying fpirits, and to prpvgnt frauds on bis Majesty's revenue by re&ifiers of fpirits: and whereas an o3 was made in the parliament of Ireland, in the thirty-ninth tear $f the reign of his present MajeJly* to continue and amend the foiikf mentioned aft of the thirty •eighth year aforeja'ul: and whereas on aft was made in the parliament of Ireland, in the tbirtyfevmtb year of the reign of bis present MajeJly* intituled* An act for regulating and extending the tobacco trade, and for fecunng the duties payable on the import and manufacture of tobacco: end whereas an aft was made in the parliament ^/Ireland, in the fortieth year of the reign of bis present MajeJly, to amend and continue tit /aid lajl mentioned aft of the thirty seventh year, aforejaii: erf whereas the said fevered rented afts have, by divers afts mode in the parliament ef the United Kingdom* in the forty-forji*forty focond* and forty-tpird years of the reign ef his present Mqifo* been continued* and are in forte until the twenty-ninth day ef September one thoufanel eight hundred and four* and it is expedient that tht said recited afts Jhould be further continued; be it therefore enafled ny the King's most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of Recited adts, the fame, That the said several aCls, herein-before recited, and ^cept, &c.  a]] and every the powers, authorities, provifions, regulatiops,

tinuedrnl?n* Penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, in the said Sept. 49,1*05. several recited aCts, or any of them contained (except such clauses or provisions of any of the said recited aCls, as hare been amended or repealed by any clause or clauses in any other or others of the laid recited aCts, or by any other a& or afts, i '  and also except fo much gf any of the (aid recited ads as

granted or imposed any duty or duties on licences to fell fp-rituous or other liquors by retail), shall be respectively further continued, and (ball be in force throughout Ireland; ami the 1 said aCts, and every of them, are hereby refpefUvely continued until and upon the twenty-ninth day of September one thou- 1 sand eight hundred and five ; and that all the said recked ads | (fo far as they are not fo amended or repealed, and except as r—  '  afotefaid)

% 8q£«3 Anno tegpt quadcagefimo quarto Georqij III. c. 106. 489

aforefajjd) /halt be oblcrvcd sad complied with) during the conti ou a ace of this ad, in the railing, collecting, levying, paying, and managing the several duties oF cuftoms, excife, and taxes .payable in Ireland, by virtue of any ad or ads now in force qna efied, as fully and effectually to all intents and pur-poles as if the laid ads had been respectively extended to all the laid duties, and to the time herein mentioned $ and as if all the hid duties, and the said time herein mentioned, had been-mentioned and contained in the laid recited ads or any of them.

II.  And be it further enaded, That an ad, made in the Irtfli aAs of parliament of Ireland, in the thirty-fixth year of the reign of his 36 ®\3* *®d prelent Majelly, intituled. An continuing and amending ^.assr'tat several aCts for the further improvement and extenfionff the fijberies nued until

on tbt coast of this kingdoms and also an aft, made in the parlia- Sept. 99,18•j,

ment of Ireland* in the fcfBonof parliament held in the thirteenth

and fourteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, inti*

tuled, An ail to explain and amend an aft) in this fiffion of parlia•

menty intituled, * An act for granting annuities in the manner therein

provided to fitch persons as shall voluntarily fvbftribe towards the raif-

ing a sum not exceeding thefum of two hundred andfixty-fiye thousand

pounds which said recited arts have, by several fublequent ads,

been continued, and are in force until the twenty-ninth day or

September one thousand eight hundred and four, shall be, and

the fame are hereby further continued, and shall br in force in '

Ireland until and upon the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and live*

III.  And be it further enaded. That this ad, and the said re. Ad may be

cited ads hereby continued, or any of them, may be amended, altered, or repealed, by any ad or ads to be paued in this pre~  *

lent fcfpon of parliament.

CAP. CVI.

An ad fir appointing, until the first day of Auguft one thousand eight hundred andfivty commissioners to inquire into the fees, gra* tidtieSy perquifiteSy and emoluments) which are or have been lately received in the several publick offices in Ireland therein mentioned\ to examine into any abuses which may exist in the. fame \ and into the present mode of receivings collecting, iffuing, and accounting for publick money in Ireland.—[July 28, 1804.]

WHEREAS it is just and proper that bis Majesty and bis people Jbouid be fatisfiedy and truly informedy whether all the duties, taxeSy and monieSy granted, raifedy and appropriated for the publick firviegy have been faithfully coUeCtedy iffuedy and expended, for the purposes fir which thgy were granted; and that if any defects in the present method of colledingy ijfuingy expending, and accounting for the -famty exist in Ireland, they may be corrected and amended, and a more expeditious, more effectual, and left expen five method of collecting, ijfuingy expendingy and accounting for the fame, Jbouid be henceforth eftablt/hedy ami it is highly expedienty for the publick fervicey

that

490 Annoregni quadragdimo quarto Georg21 III. c. 106. [1804.

that inquiry Jbould be also mide refpeffing the expends in the different offices and departments of his Majeflfs government in Ireland, hereinafter mentioned * and the feesy gratuities, perquifites, and tm* luments received and taken therein; with a view to the making of fuel regulations as Jbatt be judged expedient and proper for the come-tion of abuses which may have arifen9 and for the purposeof ffiSing such savings as may be made in each; that is to fayy the offices <ni departments under the management of the commissioners of bis Mojff tfs treafury; of she commissioners of his Majefiy9$ cufioms, txtiity and fiamps \ the pofimafiers general; the board of works; the gat* ral agent of the yeomanry Jervice; the auditor general^ and audits :j tmprcfls or foreign accounts; the commissioners for after taming a* allowance to be made to bodies corporate and individuals, in refixfl n those cities, towns, and boroughs, which have ceased to fend any number to parliament finee the union9 and to make compensation to tide ferfons whose offices may thereby be difeontinued or dsminiftxc in value 1 and the directors of all works relating to inland navignthn in Ireland, appointed under an aft passed in Ireland in the fortieth jeer of bis Majefifs reign9 intituled, An a£l for granting to his Ma-jefty the sum of five hundred thousand pounds for promoting in* land navigation in Irelandf and for the other purpbfes therein mentioned, and for authorising the railing of the said fitm by loan; be it therefore enacted by the King's mod excellent ma-jefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpintual ana temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affim-bled, and by the authority of the fame. That John Stanton Rr-ir fort efquire, James Trail efquire, Wiliam Jackfon efquire, Frederick Geale efquire, and Robert Alexander efquire, or any three or more of them, shall be and they are hereby configured cummif-fioners for examining into the method of colle\5Hng, ifluing, and accounting for the publick revenue of Ireland9 and for making the inquiries intended by this aft.

II. And be it further enaded. That the lords commissioners of his Majefiy's treasury for the office of the treasury in IreU*l> the commissioners of cufioms, excife, and fiamps for the offices of cufioms, excife, and fiamps, the pofimafiers general, tbecom* m»ffioncrs *he hoard of works, the auditor general and auditor fore the com- °f imprefts and foreign accounts, and the general agent to the mifliontrs. yeomanry fir vice, the commissioners for ascertaining allowances to be made to bodies corporate and individuals, in refyed to those cities, towns, and boroughs, which have ceased .to fend any member to parliament since the union, and to make compen/a-tion to those persons whose offices may thereby be difeontinutd or diminilhed in value, and the directors of inland navigation appointed by virtue of the said recited ad, Dial), with all convenient fpeed, lay the returns of the fees, perquifites, gratuities, and emoluments usually taken, demanded, or received by any clerk or officer, within any of the before mentioned offices or departments refpe&ively, or copies of such returns, together with c< pies of the annual cfiabliihment, and also of the incident bills for defraying contingent expences, and of all incident or contingent

Ccmmif-

loners.

The publick offices herein mentioned required to

1804.] Anno regniquadragclimo quarto Georgii IIL c. 106. 45*

gent or extraordinary expences, or expences of any nature or kind incurred, and the authorities under which the fame hare been incurred in the (aid offices and departments refpeClively, as they flood in the year ending the fifth day of ^January one thousand eight hundred and four, and in any preceding year, as they lhali judgeproper, and aifo in the period of the present year which fhallhave elapsed up to the time of such return, before the said commissioners $ and that the said commiffioncrs, or any CommtflBon-three of them, shall and they are hereby required to take ihtoers to proceed their consideration all the said returns, cftablilhments, and inei-under the dental bills, and shall proceed thereupon according to such thebrd-lieu ftru&ions and directions as they shall from time to time receive tenant. * from the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors and the privy council of Ireland.

III. And be it further enacted. That it shall and may beCommiflion-lawful to and for the said commiffioncrs, or any three of them, era to take and they are hereby empowered, authorifed, and required, to examinanon* examine upon oath (which oath they or any of them are hereby on oa authorised toadminifter) the commissioners and all other officers of his Majesty's treafury, the commiffioners, colle&ors, receivers, and all other the officers and persons concerned or employed in collecting, receiving, or managing the several branches of the publick revenue, and all other persons in Inland whom they ihall think fit to examine touching the collection, receipt, iffiie, and manner of accounting for the duties, taxes, and monies granted, raifed, and appropriated as aforefaid; the several officers and persons in any of the said several offices and departments, and aifo all other persons who have had any dealings or tranfaCtions with the said refpeCtive offices or departments, or the representatives of such persons refpcCtively, whom the said commifiioners, or any three of them, shall think fit to examine touching the fees, gratuities, perquifites, and emoluments taken therein refpe&ively, and touching all other matters and things necessary fur the execution of the powers veiled in the said com-miffioners by this ad; and all and every such perfbn and persons is and are hereby required and directed to attend the said commifiioners, or any three of them, at such time and times, place and places, as shall be appointed, and aifo to observe and execute such orders and directions, as the said commiffioners, or any three of them, shall make or give for the purposes aforefaid; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commiffioners, or any three of them, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to examine into any corrupt or fraudulent practices or ocher mifconduCt as far as the fame relate or relates to the several purposes intended by this act to be examined or inquired into, committed by any person or persons concerned in the ma-nagementof or employed in -any of the said several offices or dc- Commiflion-partments: and the said commiffioners, or any three of them, mcct ** shall and thry are hereby authorised and required to meet and fit ^ wherein from time to time, for the purpose of carrying this adt into exe- Ireland, and cution, in such place or places within the city of Dublin, or elfe- to fend for *

where p«rfon»,

' papers, and

Amoregni quodragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. rod. [1804,

where in Ireland, as they shall find most convenient, with or without adjournment \ and it shall and may be lawful to nod for the (aid commiffioners, or any three of them, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to (end their precept or precepts under their hands and foals, for any person or persons whomfoever, and for such books, papers, writings, and records, relating to any of the said respective offices or departments, as . they (hatljudge necessary for their information, relating to the accounts, matters, and things aforesaid, or for carrying the fcvc* ral purposes of this a& into execution.

Commiffion. IV. And be it further cna&ed, That the said coramiffioneri * m to give an shall from time to time at their diferetion, and as often as they thc^rocecd-  t^er^uflto  rc<|uired»  and as soon as poffiblo after thede-

ingg to tj,c ' termination of their examination aod proceedings by virtue of ford.lieu*  this a£t, without any further requifition, give an account of

wuihla!0 ^eir P^^^ings w writing under the hands and foals. of them, Jfoicfl and1* any t*ucc !^em^ to ***« l°r<^ lieutenant or other chief go* paiwnent v^rnor or governors of inland, to be laid before his Majesty, and ajfp tp both houses of parliament, together with an end state qf the foes, gratuities, perquifites, and emoluments paid or given in colledling, iffiiing, expending, and accounting for the publick money, and the authority under which they are de-snanded, paid, or received 3 aid. they (ball specify what officers and clerks belonging to each office or department, or are employed in the fame, and what is the duty, fervice, and attendance required of them, together with an exact state of the foes, gratuities, perquifites, and emoluments which the said officers and clerks, or their deputies or under clerks, may or ought lawfully to have and take, for or in refyeA of their several offices and places, or in regard of any services performed as officers, clerks, deputies, or under clerks 3 adding at the fame time fitch observations as shall occur to them ; and such plans either for correction and improvement or for aboli(hing or regulating any of the said fees, gratuities, perquifites, and emoluments, or for carrying into execution the general purposes of this ad, or for saving or arranging the expenditure of money by such several aqd respective offices and departments, in the execution of the duties and trusts (overally belonging to the fame refpe&ively, as iqay appear to them proper to be adopted for the time ta come; and shall in like manner report what defects they may have observed during the course of their examination and proceedings by virtue of this aA, in the present mode of colleAing, receiving, iffiiing, and accounting for the publick monies, and such ordcis, rules, ahd regulations as in their judgement shall appear fit and expedient to be eftablifhed; in order that the duties, taxes, and monies granted, raifed, and appropriated for the publick fervice, may hereafter be received, iffued,- expended, and accounted for, in the manner the mod expeditious, most effcAual, most benefi-Contmifftan. cial and advantagdbus to the publick: and the said commiffion* ers may ap- ers, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised to ap* JncTother^8 P°*lU an^ cai&°y clerks, meffengers, and officers, as tb«F officers.  *

i 8o4>] Anno regni quadragdfimo quarto Gsoroii III. c. 106. 495

fhall think meet; and ta give to every of the said clerks and of* ficcrs an oath for his true and faithful demeanor in all things re* htieg to the due performance of the trull reposed in him by the laid commiffioners, and in ail other things touching the pre-miles | which clerks and officers are hereby respectively required faithfully to execute and perform the said trull in them severally and lefpe&ively repofed, without taking any thing for fuob their fesrvice other than such salary or reward as (lie said commiflion^ crs, or any three or more of them, shall direft and appoint in that behalf.

V.  And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Treafury of lawful for the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treafury*in Ireland may Inland, or the lord high-treafurer of Ireland for I he time being,lff*

and they are hereby authorised and required to issue and cause to ^pences at-be iflued, all such sums of money not exceeding two thousand tending this pounds to such perfon. or persons as the commissioners under act this aft, or any three or more of them, fhall, by writing under their hands, ddire or dirc&, out of any part of the pubiick nies remaining in his Majesty's exchequer of Ireland, which Turns fb Lflbed and paid shall be employed tor the payment of clerks, meflengers, and other officers, and in defraying all other necessary charges in or about the execution of the powers of this aft, and in such manner and in such proportions as shall be appointed by the said commissioners under this aft, or any. three or more of thenu by writing under their hands and seals in that behalf, and that such sums shall be accountedfor by the person or perfoos to whom the fame shall be issued or pafd according to the course of his Majesty's exchequer of Ireland, without any fees or other charges to be taken or demanded, for the issuing or payment of the fame on the pafling of the said accounts, other than such sum as the said commissioners under this aft, or any three or more of them, shall appoint.

VI.  And be it further enacted, That the commissioners herein Commiffion-nominated or to be appointed by.virtue of this aft fhall, before era to take they begin to-carry the fame into execution, take an oath beforethc f°HowiDf the chancellor of the exchequer of Ireland for the time being (which oath he is hereby autborifed and required to adminifter);

and such oath shall be in the words or to the effect following; that is to fay,

«« T A.B. do fwear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and Oath,.

X- truly, according to the best of my (kill and judgement, execute the. several powers and ttufts veiled in me by an act made in the forty-fourth year of the reign of King George the Third, intituled, An a£f [here recite the title of this  ], according

to the. true tenor and purport of the faid

v 4i So help me GOD.”

* \

VII.  , And be it further enafted. That in cafe of any vacancy Appointment or vacancies, by death or rcftgnation of any one or more of the of. nfw coin* commiffioncis herein named or to be appointed by virtue of this ®l®rjncr».

. '

494 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. idS. [1804.

aft, during the continuance thereof, then and in every foch cafe it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty to nominate and appoint such person or persons as he may think proper to supply such vacancy or vacancies; and every person fo nominated and appointed (after having taken the oath of office herein men* tioned) shall be subject to the fame rules, regulations, and reftric-tions, and ftwll have the like powers and authorities for carrying this aft into execution to all intents and purposes whatsoever,n if he had been named in this aft.

Gommiffion- VIII. And be it further enacted, That no person appointed a con,m*^,oner to supply any such vacancy shall accept of or hold vacancies, not anX office of profit from or under his Majesty during the to hold any continuance of this aft.

o®cc,  IX.  And  be  it further enacted. That if any person or perfons

Sfeevidwcc uPon ^ls> her, or their examination before the said com* guilty of per- miflioners, or any three of them, wilfully and corruptly givefalfc jury*  evidence,  every  such person fo offending, and being thereof duty

convifted, (hal) be, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby declared to be lubjeft and liable to such pains and penalties, as by any law now in force andeffeft persons guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury are subject and liable to.

Continuance X. And be it further enacted. That this aft (ball continue •f aft. and be in force until the first day of Auguji one thouiaod eight hundred and five.

CAP. CVII.

,An act for making compensation to the proprietors of certain lands and hereditaments, situate at Woolwich and Charlton in the county of Kent, purchased in pursuance of three several afts of parliament, made in the forty-fecond and forty-third years of the reign of his present Majesty, tor promoting the iervice of his Majdty's ondnaicc. —[July *8, 180+.]

Requiring gaolers to

CAP. CVIII.

An ait for the relief of certain infehent dcbtors.~-^[J\i\y 30, 1804 ]

WHEREAS several persons now are, and for a long time have been confined for debt in the several gaols in this kingisn, who are willing and desirous to make the utmojl satisfaction in their power to their creditors: and whereas notwithstanding the great prejudice and detriment which occaftonal ails of insolvency may produst ft trade and credit, it may be convenient in the prefen t fate of the pri-fons and gaols of this kingdom, that fomeof the prisoners who artmtu confined therein, truly surrendering the whole of their property to their creditors, Jbould he liberated, and enabled to pursue their different profejfons and occupations; be it therefore enacted by else King's molt excellent majefty, by and with ihe advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame, Thar, from and after the passing of this aft, all and every keeper or

mike cut lills keepers, gaoler or gaolers, of any gaol or prifon, io any county, of ptifoner* in  °  ikta,

tn cuft ody.  *

i8o4-] Anno regm quadragefimo quartoXjeougu III. c. ioS. 495

riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty, within this king-docn, (hall, is, and are hereby required to malce a true,exad, and perfect lift, alphabetically, of the name or names of ail and every perfbn or perfons, who, upon the first day of January one thou-fand eight hundred and four, was or were, and have fince'conti-nued to be, and at the time of the palling of this ad, and also at the time of making out every such lift, shall be really an actual prisoner or prisoners in the custody of any keeper or keepers, gaoler or gaolers, of any of the aforesaid prisons refpedtively, upon any process whatfoever, for or by reason of any debt, damage, cofts, sum or sums of money, or contempt for non-payment of money, and an account of the time when such prisoner or prisoners was or were respectively charged in custody or received in prifon, together with the name or names of the person or persons at whose fuic or prosecution such prisoner or prisoners is or arc detained, and shall deliver the fame to the justices of th<! peace at their first or second general quarter session or general section of the peace to be held after the palling of this a&, or aC some adjournment thereof, for such county, riding, city, divi-fion, town, place, or liberty refpetftively.

II. And be it further enaded, That the warden of his majef- Keepers of ty's prison of the Fleet, and rnarfhal of the King's bench prifon, prisons to and every other keeper and gaoler of any other prison in any ^^n*”h^deplace or liberty in this kingdom, shall feveraliy, on the delivering jn ifo, in of any such lift of prisoners in their respective cuftody, take an oath in the open court of such general quarter felfion or general session of the peace, or adjournment thereof, to the effect following $ that is to fay,

<c T AI S. upon my corporal oath, in the presence of Almighty Oath.

X God, do solemnly fwear, profefs, and declare. That all and every person and persons whole name or names is or are inferred and contained in the lift by me now delivered in, and fub-feribed, was or were, to the best of my knowledge and belief, upon the fir ft day of January one thoufmd eight hundred and four, really and truly prisoners in actual custody in the prison of {infert the name of the prifon) at the fuit or suits of the several person or persons therein respectively mentioned (sr, for costs or contempt, as the cafe may be), and, to the best of my knowledge and belief, have ever since continued to be, and at the time of the delivery of this lift now are really and truly prisoners in actual cuftody.

“ So help me GOD.”

Which oath the said juftices, at their first or second genera! Oath to be quarter feffion, or general felfion aforesaid, or at some adjourn- administered jnent thereof, within their respective jurifdidtions, arc hereby re- 10 °Pcftcourt* quired and empowered to administer in open court; and the words of the said oath herein-before directed to he taken by the Ibid warden and marlhal refpe&ively, and other keeper or gaoler of any prison rcfpedlively, shall be entered or written at the cqd

Lifts to be kept by the clerk of the peace, and examined gratis*

49$ Anaoregm  Gsoftonltt.  c.  166. [1804,

or bottom of the Jiff which' shall be delivered in by theth refpec-tively, and shall be subscribed and (worn to by them refpefiivdy in open court; and every such lift' which shall be fo delivered in, fubfcribed, and sworn to in purfuanceof this ^A, shall be kept by the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer affing as clerk of the peace of every such county, riding, divifion, city, town, place, or liberty refpcSively, in which any such lift as aforefeid shall bft sworn to, for the better fatrsfadion of the hid juftices, and information of all or any prisoner or prisoners therein named; and fo as the fame may from time to time be (cert and examined by any creditor or creditors, or prisoner or prifoners, without fee or reward.

Copies of lifts III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, to be fixed up That all and every keeper or gaoler, keepers or gaolers, of any fore^divery Pr^°n or gaol, is and are hereby required, ten days at least to the fdfions. before the first Or second general quarter session or general session of the peace shall be held after the palling of this aA, for the county, riding, city, divifion, town, place, or liberty, in which any of the prisons or gaols aforesaid shall be, or to which the fame shall belong, to fix Up in Tome confpicuoos place or places in every such prison of gaol, and at the mod frequented and usual gate, door, or entrance into every such prison or gaol as aforesaid, three or more true copies of every lift proposed or intended to be delivered in by any such keeper or gaoler,'at the said general quarter feffions, or at some adjournment thereof. Prifoners for  1V. And be it further enaAed, That all and every perfen and

what sum to persons who, on the first day of January one tboufaod eight be difeharged. hundred and four, were in any prison or gaol, and have ftnctfo continued to be in prison or gaol as aforesaid, for the non-payment of any debt or debts, damages, sum or sums of money, which did not in the whole, on the said first day of January wt thousand eight hundred and four* or at any time or rimes face, amount to a greater sum than one thoufana five hundred pounds, and whose name or names shall be infefted in any such lift to be delivered in as aforesaid, taking the oaths hereby directed to be taken, s^nd who shall perform on his or her part what is required to be done by him or her by this aA, shall be for ever reieafcd, ,  difeharged, and exonerated, to such extent and in fiich manner

as is herein>»after provided, and not otherwife*

Juftices hiay, V* And be it further enaAed, That it shall and may be law* on prisoners ful for any justice or justices of the peace of any county, riding, fchedulel divifion, city, town, place, or liberty within this kingdom, upon ifTue warrants petition of any such prisoner or prisoners to any justice or to bring them justices of the peace within his or their respective jurifdidHons, jothe quarter upon every such prisoner of prisoners fo petitioning, and at the idffions. time Qf or y0 petitioning leaving with the justice or justices of the peace fo petitioned a true copy of the fchedult containing his or her intended difeovery of his or her real and per-fonal eftate, to be sworn to at the first or second general quarter session next ensuing after every such petition or some adjournment thereof, by warrant under his hand and feal, or under their

hands

1804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 108. 497

hands and leak, to require the sheriff or fhcriffs, keepers or gaolers of any such prison within the jurifdidion.of any such justice or juftices, to bring before the justices at the first or second next genera! quarter session or general felfion of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, to be held, as the cafe shall happen to be, next after the expiration of ten days from the date of such warrant, for such respective county, riding, divifion, city, town, place, or liberty, the body of any person being in the said prison as aforesaid, with the warrant or warrants of his or her detainer, together with a copy or copies of the cause or causes which he, fhe, or they is or are charged with in any prison or gaol as aforesaid, at the time aforesaid, for which copy or copies of such cause or causes such pritbner shall apply to the said keeper or gaoler of such prifon, or to the clerk of the papers, or other per-foDft who shall make out and tranferibe the fame at least ten days before the time of his or her appearance; which warrant of every justice or justices every such fheriffand (heriffs, keeper or gaoler, is and are hereby commanded to obey.

VI.  And whereas confiderable time may intervene between the pafs-ing of this a& and the next general quarter fejjion or general fejfm of the peace, which would be the means of detaining in prifon*a number of perfonSy whoy with their families, are in the vreatejl dijlrefs ; be

it further enaded, That it shall and may be lawful for any two For holding a or more of the justices of the peace for any county, riding, divi- ipecul fcdion. fion, city, town, place, or liberty, upon petition from debtors as aforesaid, to assemble their respective courts as soon as may be after passing this ad, for the purpose of administering the oaths and other the matters required by this ad, and to*appoint such day or days for the dilcharge of prisoners as they shall fee proper.

VII.  And be k further enaded. That the copy of every such Schedules to schedule which shall be left or delivered in as aforesaid shall clerk of and reiriain with the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other ^ peacc% officer acting as clerk of the peace for the county, riding, divi-

fton, city, town, place, or liberty in which the fame shall have been fo left, there to remain and be in(pedcd from time to time, as occasion shall require, by any creditor of any such prifonef who shall desire to infped the fame.

VIII.  And be it further enaded, That all and every debtor Debtors in-and debtors confined in any gaol of that part of the United King- tending to dom called England or Wales, who shall intend to apply to be chin e^o Rive difehargad and exonerated under this ad as aforesaid, shall first notice in the cause publick notice to be inserted in three several London ga- Gazette, zettes, previous to such general or quarter session or general (ef-

fion, or the adjournment (hereof, at which such application shall be made; and if such debtor shall be in custody in any such gaol out of London^ or the weekly bills of mortality, then also in some newspaper which shall be pubiuhed in or near the county, riding, divifion, city*, town, liberty, or place, in the gaol whereof he or she shall be fo in custody ; and in like manner all and every debtor and debtors confined in any prison or gaol of that part of V01,, XLV.  Kk  the

498 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 108. [1804.

the United Kingdom called Ireland, who shall intend to apply to be discharged and exonerated under this aft, shall first cause pub* lick notice to be inferted, in three several Dublin gazettes, previous to such general or quarter session or general feffion, or the adjournment thereof, at which such application (ball be made; and if such debtor shall be in custody in any gaol out of DttbSn, or the county of Dublin, then also in feme newspaper in or near the county, city, town, or liberty, in the gaol whereof he or she shall be fo in cuftody, containing the name, trade, occupation, and defeription, and the two last places of abode (if fo many) of every such debtor and debtors, and the prison wherein he, (he, or they is or are confined, atid of his, her, or their intention to take the benefit of this aft, and mentioning such notice in such gazette or newspaper respectively to be the firft, fecond, or third notice, according to the time of publishing each of such notices; for the inserting each of the said notices in the London or Dublin, Gazette, or in any other newfpaper, there shall be paid each rime, by every prifoner, the sum of four-pence, and no more; the first of which said notices shall be fo inserted in the said gazettes refpeftively, and in the said other newfpapers, as the cafe may require, twenty-one days at the leaft, and the last of the said notices fix days at least before any such first or second general quarter session or general feffion, or adjournment thereof, shall be held as aforesaid, fo that as well all the creditors who have not charged the said debtor or debtors in cuftody, as those creditors who have charged such debtor or debtors in execution, or on mesne process or otherwife, may have sufficient notice thereof.

IX.  And, to the intent that all creditors may have full and sufficient time to conftder the matters and things contained in the schedule or schedules intended to be delivered in by any debtor or debtors, be it Debtors tode- further enacted. That every such debtor, when he or (he lhall liver schedules (according to the directions of this aft) publish the first notice of prcviou*tothe an >nten^on to take the benefit of this aft, he or (he shall in such first notice, notice declare, that the schedule containing his or her intended difeovery of his or her real and personal estate (to be sworn to in manner as by this aft is direfted) is lodged in the hands of the keeper or gaoler, or the deputy of such keeper or gaoler, of the prison wherein any such debtor shall be confined; and every such debtor is hereby directed and required to deliver such schedule to such keeper or gaoler, or deputy, as the cafe may be, before he shall publish such first notice as aforesaid, signed with his or her own'chriftian name and furname, to be attested by any such keeper, gaoler, or deputy; and in cafe any debtor shall neglect or refuse to deliver one such schedule to such keeper, gaoler, or deputy, prior to such his first notice to be given as aforesaid, he or (he, upon due proof made of such neglect to the fa tis fa ft ion of the court to which such debtor shall make application, shall be remanded back'to prifon, there to remain until he or (he shall have complied with the direftioni aforefaid; and every such keeper, gaoler, or deputy, is hereby directed and required to attest the signature of the debtor's name to such fchedule^ and to

receive

8o4*] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 108. 499

cccivc the fame into his custody and charge, giving a duplicate hereof to every such debtor, with an acknowledgement of his laving received the original; and he is hereby further required o deliver a true copy of any such fchedule, signed by himfelf,

:pon request made to him by any creditor for that purpose in writing (fuch copy to be delivered to the creditor himfelf, or to ach person as he mall appoint to receive the fame), within three lays after demand made; and if any fiiCh keeper, gaoler, or deputy, shall n eg left or refuse to conform to the directions hereby ;iven him refpeftirtg such fchedule, every such keeper, gaoler, ir deputy, fo offending, shall pay the futa of twenty pounds, o any person w ho shall sue for and recover the fame in any of his vlajefty's courts of record at Wejiminfltr or Dublin refpeftively, s the cafe may be, by action of debt.

X,  And be it further enacted, That the notices to be given bv very debtor, in manner directed by this aft, shall be to theefferc ollowing; that is to fay,

c "T  [infert  the name, tradey occupation aud deferip- Form of

JL tion and the two laji places of abode, if Jo many] now con- notice, ined in  [infer*  the  name  of  the  prison and county,]  ✓  '

md not being charged in custody on the nrft day of "January one houfand eight hundred and four, or at any time fince, with any lebt or debts, sum or sums of money, exceeding in the whole the urn of one thousand five hundred pounds, do hereby give this 'firft, fecond, or third) publick notice, That I intend to take the >enefit of an aft, passed in the forty-fourth year of his present Vdajefty's reign, intituled, [here fet forth the title of this aft; and if t be the firjl notice, then add] and I do hereby give notice, that a rue and perfect fchedule, containing a difeovery of all my real. knd personal estate hereafter to be sworn to, is now ready to be lelivered to any creditor applying for the fame, to the keeper or gaoler, or his deputy, of the (aid prifon.”

\nd every such notice shall be signed by the debtor, and counter* igned by the keeper or gaoler, or deputy of such keeper or gaoler, it such prifon.

XI.  And be it further enacted, That every such debtor as Debtors prov* forefaid, not being charged as aforesaid on the said first day ing that no-if January one thousand eight hundred and four, or at any time h?vc ince, with any debt or debts, sum or sums of money, in the

vhole to a greater amount than the sum of one thousand five court, deliver lundred pounds, who shall apply to the general or quarter session in certain ir any adjournment thereof, (hall, in cafe it shall be proved upon fchcdules, and lath, or by producing the said three gazettes and newspapers re-takc oa * peftively before mentioned, to the said justices at any such session ir the adjournment thereof, that such notices were inserted in the London and Dublin gazettes, and other newspapers refpeftively, s were required in manner aforesaid, and that the person or per-ons fo applying was or were actually a prisoner or prisoners on he first day of January one thousand eight hundred and four, and KK2  has

500 Aflno regni quadragefimoquarto Geoegii Uhc. 108. [1804.

has or have ever since continued to be a prisoner or prifoners, in the prison or prifons, gaol or gaols, in which his, her, or their name or names is or are specified in the lift delivered in at such ifirft or second feffion, or any adjournment thereof, or in some other prison or gaol as aforesaid, in pursuance of this a&, and shall in open court, at the said general quarter session or general session or any adjournment thereof, fubfcribeand deliver in a true schedule or account of all his or her real eftate, in pofleffion, re-verfton, remainder, or expectancy, and of any other nature and kind whatfocver, and also the whole of his or her personal eftate, which he or (he, or any person or persons in trust for him or her, or for his or her ufe, benefit, or advantage, is or are seised of, in-terefted in, or entitled to, or was or were in his, her, or their 'pofTeffioft, cuftody, or power, or which be, (he, or they, or such person or persons had any power of disposing of, or charging for his, her, or their benefit or advantage, at any time since his, her, or their commitment to prifon, with the names of his or her Several debtors, and where they respectively live, or may be met with, and the several sums of money from them refpedHvely owing, and how the fame refpedtivcly became due and are feemed; and if by mortgage, Specialty, contra#, note, or other writing, then the name or names, and places of abode of the several wit. nefies who can prove such debts or contracts (if there be any such); and {hall also make oath and Swear to the following effed, according to the Special circumftances, fo far as the fame shall be confident with the provisions hereinafter contained; that is to fay.

Oath. “ T A\ B. upon my corpora! oath, in the presence of Almighty JL God, do solemnly fwear, proteft, and declare. That on the  day  of

I was really and truly a prisoner in the aCtual custody of  in  the  prison or gaol of  at the fuit of

without any fraud or collusion whatsoever ; and that I have ever since my commitment continued a prisoner within the prison of  in  the actual cuftody

, of the keeper or gaoler of the said prison of

{or mentioning some oth^r prison or prifons, as the cafe may fe) or within the liberties thereof, at the fuit of and without any fraud or collusion whatfoever; and that the schedule now delivered by me, and fubferibed, doth contain, to the bed of my knowledge, remerribrance, and belief, a full, ju% true, and perfe# account and difeovery of all the goods, effects and eftates, real and perfonal, in poffeffion, reverfion, remainder, or expectancy, and of every other nature and kind whatfoever, which I, or any person in trust for me, or for my benefit or advantage, am or is seised or pofieffed of, interested in, or entitled to, or was or were in my pofleffion, cuftody, or power, or in the poffeffion, cuftody, or power of any such person as aforesaid, or which I or such person had any power of disposing of or charging for my benefit or advantage, at any time since my commitment

tn I

1804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 108. 501.

to prison j and of' all debts which are to me owing, or to any person or persons in trust for me, and of all the securities and contraCU whereby any money now is or will or may hereafter become payable, or any benefit or advantage may accrue to me or to my ufe, or to any person or persons in trust for me, and the names and places of abode of the several persons from whom such debts are due and owingj and of the witnesses that can prove such debts or contrafts (if any such there be) ; and that neither I, nor any other person or persons in trust for me or for my ufe, have any lands, money, ftock, or any eftate, real or per-fonal, in pofleffion, reverfion, remainder, or expectancy, or of any nature or kind whatfoever, other than what are in the foid fche-dule contained, except wearing apparel and bedding for myself and family, working tools, and necessary implements for my occupation and calling, together with a sum of money not exceeding five pounds, and these in the whole not exceeding the value of thirty pounds, and that I have not, nor any person for me hath, directly or indirectly, fold, leftened, or otherwise con* veyed, disposed of in truft, or concealed, all or any part of my lands, money, goods, chattels, ftock, debts, fecurities, contracts, or eftate, real or perfona), whereby to secure the fame, or to receive or expeCt any profit or advantage therefrom, or with an intent to defraud or deceive any creditor or creditors, to whom I am or was indebted, in anywise howfoever.

44 So help me GOD/*

And the said schedule and oath shall be by every such debtor fub- Schedule and feribed in the presence of the justices in open session of the peace, oath to be as hereby directed, and shall be kept by and remain with the  by

clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer aCting as clerk ofth€ or* the peace for the county, riding, city, liberty, divifion, town, or place where the fame shall be fubferibed and taken, for the better information of all the creditors of such debtor who shall desire or may have occasion to resort thereto; and every such creditor shall be at liberty, at seasonable times in the day-time, to peruse and examine the fame.

XII.  And be it further enaded, That the justices of the peace, Court, at the yrithin their refpeCtive jurifdi&ions, at any such general quarter re<]»eft °f * session or general session or adjournment thereof, at the requbft  *****

of any creditor or creditors of any such debtor, are hereby autho- gaokison rifed to cause the deputy warden and marshal of the Fleet and oath.

King's bench prifon, or any other under officer, tipftaff, and turnkey of any prison or gaol, and any other person within their respective jurifdi&ions, to come before them, and to examine them respectively on oath, touching any of the matters contained in any of the oaths preferibed by this ad to be taken, and the truth thereof; and if the oath which shall ijave been taken in ppen court by any debtor or debtors shall not be disproved by good testimony of any credible person or persons on oath, and such juftices, or the major part of them present at any such general quarter session of general feffion, or any adjournment thereof,

lhail

$oz Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 108. [1804.

(hall be satisfied with the truth of the oath taken by such refpeo ' tive debtor, then such justices shall in such fefiion, or Tome adjournment thereof, adjudge such debtor or debtors to be entitled to the benefit of this a£t, and shall order the said {heriff or (he* riffs, keeper or keepers, gaoler or gaolers of such prifen or pri-fons, forthwith to fet at liberty such prisoner or prifoners, without having or taking any fee or reward other than one (hilling for the trouble of his attendance with every such prisoner at the said fefiion for his said difcharge; and every such order of such jtrf-tices, whether duly made or not, shall be a sufficient discharge to the (heriff or (heriffs, keeper or keepers, gaoler or gaolers of such prison or prifons, ailing in obedience thereto, and shall indem-. nify him or them agajnft any escape or efcapes, allion or allions whatsoever for efcape, which shall or may be brought, commenced, or prosecuted against him or them.

XIII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the eftate, right, title, intereft, and trust of such debtor, of, in, and unto all the real eftate, as well freehold and copyhold as cuftomary, and to all the personal eftate, debts, and effects of every such debtor, (hall, immediately after such adjudication, be, and the fame is hereby veiled in the clerk of the peace, town ^><toCffi¥h°the c^cr^>or ot^r officer ailing as clerk of the peace of and for the is a gn e county^ riding, city, town corporate, divifion, liberty, or place, where any debtor shall be respectively discharged ; and every such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, is hereby directed and required to make an alignment and conveyance of every such debtor's estate and effeQsvefted in such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer ailing at clerk of the peace as aforesaid, to such creditor or creditors of the said debtor, as the justices at any general or quarter feffioo of the peace, or at any adjournment thereof which (ball be held by them within their respective jurifdiHions, shall order and direli; which assignment and conveyance shall be good and efteduai in the law to all intents and purposes whatfoever, without being wrote on parchment or paper (lamped, to vest the estates thereby assigned and conveyed in tne party or parties to whom the fame shall be fo assigned and conveyed, his, her, and their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, according to the estate and interest the debtor had therein 5 and every such affignmeru and conveyance shall be in trust for the benefit of the creditor or creditors of every such debtor to whom the fame shall be made, and the reft of the creditors of every such debtor, in respect of or in proportion to their refpellive debts; and every person or persons to whom any such assignment and conveyance as afore* (aid shall be made, is and are hereby fully empowered to sue from time to time, as there may be occafion, in his, her, or their own name or names, for the recovery and obtaining any efiate or efFedls of any such debtor, and also to execute any trust or power veiled in or created for the use or benefit of any such debtor, but in trust for the benefit of him or themfcives, and the reft of the creditors of every such debtor, and to give

fuch

Eftate and elicits of debtor discharged veiled in the clerk of the

fanr.e to luch creditors as the court ihall dirclt, in truft.

j8o4'] Anno regni quadragefimoquarto Georgii III. c. 108. 503

fuch discharge and difeharges to any person or persons who shall refpcdlively be indebted to such debtor as may be requisite 5 and Affignees to every such assignee or assignees (hall, with all convenient fpeed, §ebtor^8 cf-after his, her, or their accepting such afiignment or conveyance, fc^g. use his and their bell endeavours to receive and get in the estate and effects of every such debtor, and shall with all convenient speed make sale of all the estates of such debtor vetted in such assignee or affignees; and if such debtor shall be interested in or entitled to any real eftate, either in pofleffion, reverfion, or expectancy, the fame, within the space of two months after such aifignment and conveyance, shall be fold by ptiblick audion, in such manner and at such place as the major part of the creditors of any such debtor, who shall assemble together on any notice in writiog published in the London Gazette, or in Tome daily paper, if the debtor before his going to prison resided in London or in the weekly bills of mortality, or if in Dublin or the county of Dublin, in the Dublin Gazette, or in some daily paper printed and published at Dublin, and if elfewhere, then in some newspaper which {ball be published in or near the county, riding, divifion, city, town, liberty, or place, in which such debtor dwelled before he or (he was committed to prifon, thirty days before any such sale shall be made, shall under his hand or their hands agree on 3 and every such assignee or affignees, at the end of three months ' at farthest from the time of his or their accepting any such af<* fignment or conveyance as aforesaid, shall make a fair and just dividend of all such debtor's estate and effects which (ball have a?*?to wake been then recovered amongst his or her creditors, in proportion dividends, and in regard to each creditor's respective debt; but before any such dividend shall be made, such assignee or assignees shall make up an account of such debtor's eftate, and make oath in writing before one or more justice or justices of the peace of the county, riding, or divifion, town, liberty, or place in which any such debtor shall have been difeharged, that every such account con-* tains a fair and just account of the estate nnd effects of every such debtor got in by or for such assignee or affignees, and of all payments made in respect thereof, and that all payments in every such account charged were truly and bona fide made and paid; and notice of the making of every such dividend shall be pub-lifhed in like manner as a meeting of the creditors is herein- \Q before directed to be publifhed, thirty days at least before the given, fame shall be made; and no creditor shall be allowed to receive any (hare of such dividend until he shall have made out the juft-nefs and indentity of his debt by oath, or due proof in writing, before some such justice or juftices; and if any creditor of such debtor shall be difiatisfied with the reality or fairness of any debt claimed by anv other creditor, then the ftme, at the request of any such creditor or creditors fo diflatisfied, shall be examine4 into by the justices of the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, or place in which such dehtor shall have been adjudged to have been entitled to the benefit of this ad, at their next general or quarter session or some adjournment thereof, and what they (hall

there

504 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 108, [1804.

there determine in the premises shall be conclusive to all parties; Surplus effects and if, after payment of all the creditors of such debtor, there thedc1>tw*n t0 an^  c^ate  an(*  remain alter payment of all

c ° * reasonable charges, the fame shall be paid to such debtor, his executors or adminiftrators.

Creditors for XIV. Provided always, and be it further ena&cd, That all abkU?u*anPA^" an<* every creditor and creditors of any debtor who shall be futurVtime, discharged by virtue of this aft, for any sum or sums of money to receive di- payable by way of annuity or otherwife,' at any future time or vi.Wnds as times, by virtue of any bond, covenants, or other fecurides of irilffioiTofany nafure whatfoever, may be and shall be entitled to be bankruptcy, admitted a creditor or creditors, and may and shall be entitled to receive a dividend or dividends of the estate of such debtor, in such manner and upon such terms and conditions as such creditor or creditors would have been entitled unto by the laws now in force if such debtor had become bankrupt, and without prejudice in future to their respective fecuriti; otherwise than as the fame would have been afFefted by a pro made in refpeci :hereof by the creditor under a commifliou of bankrupt*, and a certificate obtained by the bankrupt under such commitfion.

XV.  And, for obviating any doubts whch may otherwise art ft bm Jar the fever atpowers and authorities by this all vested in or given to clerks of the peace, may be lawfully done, exereifed, or performed by the deputy or deputies of the clerk of the peace for the county palatine

Lancafter (the said office of clerk of the peace for the said county of Lancafter being held by Utters patent from his Maje/ly, with the power of executing the fame by deputy or deputies); be it further Powers of the enacted and declared, That all conveyances and alignments of C<^Ice foMhe c^ale anc* effects °f any debtor or debtors, and all other afts, countydeeds, matters, and things, which shall be done, exereifed, or Lancafter to performed in the execution of this aft, by any deputy or deputies extend to his of the clerk of the peace for the said county palatine of Lancajler, deputies. or by the person or persons who for tho time being shall exercise and perform the trusts and duties of the hid office within and for the said county palatine, shall be of Hie fame force, validity, and effect in the law, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame had been done, executed, and performed by the clerk of the peace for the said county palatine of Lancajler for the time being.

XVI.  And, to the intent that no loss may arise to any creditor or creditors from any neglect or omission in the fchedult not containing the whole of the ejlate, real or perfonal, belonging to any debtor who shall apply for his or her discharge under the authority of this aB; be it

Efhtesof enafted. That all the eftate, whether real or perfonal, which debtors not (ball belong to any debtor or debtors, and of which he, (he, or fchVdule tVbe l^cy» 8**11 ^e anally goflefled or entitled unto at the time of vetted in the making such fchedule, shall be deemed and taken to be part of clei kof the the estate contained in such fchedule, though not inserted therein, p:ace. and (ball in like manner become vested in the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as such, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame had been contained in such fchedule, and

had

1804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii TIL c. 108. 505.

had been delivered into the court according to the djre&ions of this a<ft.

XVII.  Provided always, and be.it enadled, That no person Holders of holding any security whatfoever, for which such debtor never received any valuable confideration, shall be entitled to receive ^deration not anv benefit from the estate of such debtor, unless the person entitled to any holding such security shall make it appear to the satisfaction of benefit.

die justices at feme general or quarter session or adjournment thereof, that he or (he became possessed of the fame bond fide and for good or valuable confideration.

XVIII.  Provided always, and be it enadted, That in cafe of Eftates to veft

the death or removal of any .clerk of the peace, town clerk, orin clerk of other officer acting as clerk of the peace as aforesaid, in whom [het^ebcin& the eftate, right, title, intereft, or trust of any debtor or debtors  **

(hall have veiled by the authority of this adt, every such eftate,

right, title, intereft, and truftr4hall become vested in the successor or successors to every such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace as aforesaid refpe&ively, as the cafe may be, to all intents and purposes whatsoever under the provifionS of this alt.

XIX.  Provided alfo, and be it ena&ed, That no fuit in equity No fuit in shall be commenced by any assignee or assignees of any luch equity with-debtor's estate and effects without the consent of the major Part ^majority in value of the creditors of such debtor, who shall meet together jn vnlui otthe pursuant to a notice to be given at lead ten days before such creditors, meeting in the London Gazette, or Dublin Gazette, as the cafe

may be, or other newspaper which shall be published in the neighbourhood of the last residence of such debtor or debtors for that purpose.

XX.  And be it further cna&ed by the authority aforesaid, schedules to That the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as be produced clerk of the peace for every refpeflive county, city, and county by clerks of town, and county, riding, divifion, cinque port, liberty, andtheP*acc place, with whom any schedule of the estates of any insolventcre or8# debtor or debtors shall be left, and his fucceflors, clerk of the

peace, town clerk, or other officer a£ting as clerk of the peace as aforesaid, fhall, on the reasonable request of any creditor or creditors of such insolvent debtor or debtors, or his or their attorney, produce and (hew to such creditor or creditors, or his ot their attorney, in the day-time, the schedule of the estate of any such insolvent debtor or debtors which shall be left with any such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, or his predecessor in that office, the person fo requiring to fee and peruse any such schedule paying or tendering to the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, in whose custody any such schedule shall be, or his deputy, the sum of one (lulling for his trouble in (earching for and looking out such fchedule, and attending whilst the fame shall be perused by the party requiring to have the fame looked out, and to peruse the fame; and that a true cof>y of every such fchedule, signed by the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other

officer

Aflignecs to compound with lords of manors for copyhold cftatcft.

The debtor's right alone to be asserted by the art.

officer aAing as clerk of the peace, in whose cuftodjr the fame shall be, or his deputy, purporting the fame to be a true copy of such fchedule, without being wrote on damped paper, and for which copy no more shall be paid than sixpence by the (beet, each iheet containing feventy-two words, and fo in proportion for a less number of words, shall at all times be admitted in all courts whatsoever as legal evidence of the fame; and if any clerk of the peace or his deputy, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, (hall, on reasonable request as afore-faid, neglert or refuse to produce to any such creditor or creditors as aforesaid, or his or their attorney, any such schedule as afore-faid, and to permit the fame to be inspected as aforesaid in the day-time, on such payment or lender as aforesaid being made to him, or shall a(k or take more than after the rate of sixpence by the iheet, each (heet to contain feventy-two words, and fo in proportion for less than feventy-two words in a iheet, or shall refuse to make and deliver a copy of any such fchedule, on being requeued as aforesaid fo to make the fame, and having the money tendered to him for payment of such copy after the rate aforesaid, shall for every such oiFence forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, which shall and may be sued for and recovered in any of his Ma-jefty's courts of record at IVeJlmtnJler, by action of debt, together with treble coils of fuit, in the name of any person who shall prosecute for the fame; and one moiety of which sum forfeited dial), when recovered, go to the party who prosecuted for the fame, and the other moiety thereof to the poor of the parish in which the offence ihall be committed.

XXI.  Provided always, and be it enarted, That before such time as any ailignee or assignees as aforesaid shall enter on or take any profit from any copyhold or customary estate as aforesaid, he or they ihall agree and compound with the lord or lords of the manor or manors of whom the fame ihall be holden for the payment of such fine or income, as upon any surrender and admission thereto hath heretofore been mod usually accustomed to be paid; and that upon every stich agreement or competition made the said lord or lords for the time being, at the next court, or some subsequent court which ihall be holden for die said manor or manors, shall admit such assignee or affignees, tenant or tenants to such copyhold or customary eftate, according to the custom of the said manor or manors of which the fame shall be holden, and for and during such estate and interest as the said debtor had therein at the time of his or her being discharged as aforesaid, reserving the rents, duties, hcriots, cuftoms, and fer-vices, payable and to be rendered in refpett of the (aid copyhold

or customary eftate.  j

XXII.  Provided alfo. That nothing herein contained ihall extend to prejudice or assert any estate or intereft, or right whatfoever, of any person or persons other than the said debtor, I which may be expertant upon or subject unto the estate or interest of the said debtor, hereby veiled in the said clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace; but that all the eftate, intereft, and light whatfoever, of every

1804.3  Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgij III. c. ip8. 507

other prrfon or perfons, shall remain, continue, and be favcd to them in the fame manner as if this ad had not been made.

XXIII.  Provided alfo, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this ad shall extend or be Mortgages to construed to binder or prevent any mortgage or mortgages, take place of charges, or liens, upon the estate of such debtor or debtors, or ^hbns of an any part thereof, to take place upon the lands, tenements, ort^l°rna" hereditaments, or personal eftate7 or effects comprised in or charged or affected by such mortgage or mortgages, charges or liens refpedively; nor to prevent any statute ftaple, statute merchant, recognizance or judgement, acknowledged by or obtained against any such debtor or debtors, to take place upon the lands, tenements, or real estate of such debtor or debtors, and also where any inquisition shall have been taken upon any such statute or recognizance, or any writ or execution shall hgve been taken out and delivered to the (heriffor propey officer upon any such judgement, before such dilcharge ihall be given in open fellion to any such debtor as aforesaid, the personal estate of every such debtor respectively shall be fobjed thereto, in the (irft place, for fo much as shall remain due upon such mortgage, charge, lien, ftatute, recognizance, or judgement refpedively, in like manner as such mortgagees and perlons having such charges or liens, and creditors by ftatute, recognizance, or judgement, would have been preferred to other creditors of an inferior nature against the real or personal estate of such debtor and debtors respectively if this ad bad not been made; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithft^nding.

XXIV. And whereas many persons who may be intitled to and claim the benefit of this aft, are seised and poffiffed of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to hold to such debtors for the term of their natural lives, with power of granting leaps and taking fines, reserving small rents on such eftates, for one, two, or three lives in pojfejfion or reverfion, or forfome number of years determinable upon lives\ or have powers over real or personal efiate, which such debtors eould execute for their own advantage, and which said powers ought to be executed for tin benefit of the creditors oj such debtor \ be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid. That Power of in every such cafe all and every the powers of leaftng such ^^vefted^a lands, teqements, and hereditaments, and all other such ^ Jifignee'iL powers as aforesaid over real or personal eftate, which are or shall be vested in any such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid,

(hall be and are hereby vested in the assignee or assignees of the real and personal estate of such prisoner by virtue of this ad, to be by such aftignee or assignees executed for the benefit of aft and every the creditors of such prisoners as aforesaid.

XXV. And whereas in some prisons or gaols in the United Kingdom the office or keeper of gaoler is held in fee for life or oiherwife, by persons who never aft as keepers or gaolers themfelvesy or know any thing of the prisoners therein, but depute or employ

fome

508 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 108. [1804.

fame person or persons under them as keepers or gaolers of fucb The acting prisons or gaols; be it therefore enafted,' That in every such cafe gaoler, at the the person who shall have been actually employed and acted time of deli- as deputy keeper or gaoler of any such prison or gaol at the

to?ake the* t*me  delivcrinS *n the hereby directed to be

oath*  delivered in of prisoners in any such prison or gaol, at any

general or quarter sessions of the peace, or some adjournment thereof, and not the principal keeper or gaoler (unlels where such principal keeper or gaoler shall aft as keeper or gaoler himfeif) shall take the oath herein before appointed to be taken by the keeper or gaoler of every such prison or gaol.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Gaoler, on That the justices at any general quarter sessions of the peace, or rCqd*tft°t adjournment thereof, to which any such prisoner shall be bTfwonu ° bright *n pursuance of this aft, (hall, if required by any creditor or creditors of any such prisoner or prisoners who shall oppose his or her difcharge, administer and give to the keeper or gaoler, or the person who afts as keeper or gaoler of any fucb prison or gaol at the time of bringing up any such prisoner in order to be discharged under this aft, an oath, to the following effect i that is to fay.

“ T A. B. do fwear. That  was really and

‘ JL truly a prisoner in my custody in the prison of  [or

in custody in some other prison or prifons, as the cafe may be] to the bed of my knowledge and belief, at or upon the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and four, and hath since continued to be a prisoner in my prison [or in custody in some other prison or prifons, as the cafe may be], and that the copy or copies of the cause or causes of his [or, her] commitment or detainer, now by me brought with the body of theTaid

and produced to the said court, is [or, are] a true copy or copies of the cause or causes of such commitment qc detainer, without any fraud or deceit by me, or any other person whatfoever, to the bed of my knowledge and belief.

♦  u  So  help  me GOD."

If the person And if any person who was keeper or gaoler or deputed delivering in  or  gaoler of  any such prison or gaol on the said firft

gs(oler?on 1  day o{  J****ry one  thousand  eight hundred and four, or fincc,

Ian. x, 1804, (ball not happen to be the keeper or gaoler or deputed keeper or he Hi all take gaoler of any such prison or gaol, at the tinTe any such lid as the following aforefajj js hereby required to be delivered in, then the judices at any such fdTion or at any adjournment thereof may and are hereby required to administer and give to the respective person  or  persons who (hall  be keeper or gaoler or deputed

keeper  or  gaoler of  any such  prison or gaol, and deliver in any

fuch lift as aforesaid at any such general or quarter session or any adjournment thereof, an oath touching the commitments, or books of commitment, of any such prison or gaol, to the effect following ; that is to fay,

“I J.B.

i8o4'] Annoregni quadragefimoquartoGEORGii III.c. 108. 509

ctT y/. B, do fwear, That I haye examined the commitments Oath.

X cor books kept of or concerning the commitment of pri-foners to the prison of  in  the  county, riding*

divifion, city, town, place, or liberty of  [as the cafe

may be] and that I do Verily believe, that the said commitments or books of commitment are really true and not fidlitious, nor calculated for this purpose; and by them it doth appear that

was on the  day  of

and hath since continued to be, really and truly a prisoner in the aflual custody of  the  then

keeper or gaoler, or deputy keeper or gaoler of the said prison or gaol [1or other prison or prifons, as the cafe may be] without fraud or deceit by me, or any other person or perfons, to my knowledge and belief, *

t( So help me GOD/*

XXVII. Jnd,fin order to discover any fraudulent entries or commitments of prifomrs in any prison or gaol booksy be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the justices at any At the re* general or quarter session of the peace, or anjr adjournment ^itorsKaoIera thereof, are hereby authorifed, at the request of any creditor or may be creditors of any prifoner, to convene before them, at some mined on certain time to be appointed by them, any person or persons oa^h it the who was or were keeper or gaoler, or deputed keeper or gaoler of any prison or gaol within their respective jurifdi&ions, Commit-on the said fir (I day of January one thousand eight hundred and meats, four, or at any time fince, and to examine every such keeper or gaoler, or deputed keeper or gaoler, on oath, touching the commitment and continuance in custody of any such prifoner,

33 the justices at any such general or quarter feffion, or adjournment thereof, shall think fit; and if any (herifF, keeper, Penalty on or gaoler, or deputed keeper or gaoler, shall neglect or refuse (heriffd, to bring before any such justices at any session of the peace, or disobeying adjournment thereof, any such prisoner as shall be dire&cd and ?rj*?rs required by warrant of any justice or justices as aforesaid, orJ 1 to attend on being summoned for that purpose, he shall on conviction suffer fix months imprifonment; or if any keeper or gaoler attending shall refuse to make answer and difeovery in the premises as shall be reasonably required at such general or quarter feffion, or any adjQurnment thereof, he, (he, or they fo offending in the premifes, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered by and in the name and for the use of the party injured, by action of debt, to be brought in his or her name, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at We ft minder or Dublin, as the cafe may be, together with treble costs of fuir.

aXVIII. And be it further ervadted by the authority aforesaid, That if any keeper or gaoler of any prifon, or his deputy Penalty oo or deputies, (hall, without just caufe, to be approved ot gJint^r of ^ the justices at some general quarter session or general session of g^ettcs° nA the peace, or adjournment thereof, within their refpedtivc comply^

jurifuieiions,

gulations of Uii ad.

with the re- jurifdidions, refuse or delay to bring any such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid to any such general quarter fefficai or general feflion, or adjournment .thereof, in order to his or her difeharge, or shall negled, refufe, or designedly omit to insert in any such lift the name or names of any such prisoner or prifoners, who Was or were actually in custody in his or their respective prison or gaol on the said first day of January one thousand eight hundred and four, or shall neglect or refuse to make out, fix up, or deliver such lifts as aforefaid; or if any keeper or gaoler, or deputed keeper or gaoler, shall neglect or refuse to take any of the said oaths before mentioned, and hereby required to be taken by him, or shall upon any account or pretence whatsoever take or receive more than the said sum of • one (hilling herein-before allowed for his or htr attendance, in order to be discharged of such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid, or shall detain any such prisoner after he or she shall be dif-tharged as aforesaid ; or if the printer of the London Gazette or Dublin Gazette refpedively, or other -newfpaper, as aforefoid, shall wilfully refuse or neglect to insert therein the notice by this ad directed to be given, on reasonable request to him made for that purpose, and tender of the money hereby directed to be paid, or shall take or receive any fee or gratuity more than four-pence as aforesaid for doing thereof; every such keeper and gaoler of such prison or prifor.s, his deputy or deputies, and every such printer as aforesaid, shall respectively forfeit and pay to each prisoner in every such cafe injured, the sum of one hundred pounds, which shall and may be recovered, with treble costs of fuit, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of the courts of record at Westminster or Dublin as the cafe may be, wherein no effoign, protedion, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any keeper or keepers, gaoler or gaolers, or any deputy keeper or gaoler of any prifon, (hall, in taking of the aforementioned oaths, forswear and perjure themfelves, and shall thereof be lawfully convided, such keeper or gaoler, or deputed keeper or gaoler of such prison or prisons (over and above the penalties to be inflicted on persons convicted of perjury), shall upon every such conviction forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds, to be recovered, with full cofts, by bill, plaint, or information, or action of debt, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Weftminjler or Dublin refpedively, as the cafe may be, wherein no effoign, protedion, or wager of law shall be allowed, by and in the name of such person of perfons, his and their executors and adminiftrators, to whom any alignment or conveyance in pursuance of this ad shall be made of the estate and effects of such prisoner or prifoners; and if no such aftignee or afiignees shall be living, then in the name or names of any other creditor or creditors who shall foe for the said penalties, to be applied, one moiety to the informer or informers; and the other moiety towards fatisfa&ioa of the debts of such his creditor or creditors.

Penalties on gaolers for peijury.

8o4-3. Annoregni quadragcGmoquartet Georgii III. c. 108. 511 XXX. And be it further ena&ed, That if any clerk of Penalty on le peace or his deputy, or town clerk, or other officer acting ^Ycenot** s clerk of the peace, shall delay or refiife to give every ot any ^vtoVcopics jeh prisoner adjudged to be entitled to his discharge as of adjudicator e (aid, within fourteen days after such adjudication, a copy tion of dif-f the order of adjudication, on the payment of two shillings and xpence, or shall take more than the sum of two shillings and xpence for such copy, or shall take more than one (hil-ng for an assignment or conveyance of such prisoner's estate nd effects, every such clerk of the peace or his deputy, or own clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, who hall fo offend, and who shall be convicted at any such general >r quarter session of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, of ny such offence, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay o every such prisoner the sum of twenty pounds, as the uftices of the peace at such general or quarter session of the >eace, or adjournment thereof, shall order, and who are lereby empowered to cause the fame to be levied by distress tnd (ale of the goods of any such clerk of the peace, or his leputy, or town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the >eace, fo offending.

XXXI* And be it further enacted by the authority afore-aid. That if any debtor as aforesaid, who shall take the Debtor* benefit of this a&, shall wilfully forswear and perjure himfelf, (haU^uffer icrfelf, or themfelves, in any oath to be taken under this a<ft, a,[or wjifux ind shall be lawfully convicted thereof, he, (he, or they fo perjury, offending, shall fuffeV such puni(hment as by law may be nfli&ed on persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury.

XXXII.  And be it further enacted by the authority afore-

aid, That no person entitled to the benefit of this a& shall at Dehtoro diC-my time hereafter be imprisoned by reason of any judgement  be

or decree obtained for payment of money only, or for any imprisoned iebt, bond, damages, contempts for non-payment of money, for debts :ofts, sum or fuma of money contra&ed, incurred, occalioned, P^01, to >wing, or growing due, before the (aid first day of 'January one ■*an*x* 1 thousand eight hundred and four; but that upon every arrest jpon every judgement or such decree, or for such debts, ferriages, contempts, cofts, sum and sums of money, it shall ind may be lawful for any judge of the court where the process filled, or for any two justices of the peace, upon (hewing the :opy of the order of adjudication as aforesaid, to release and lifeharge out of custody such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid, md at the fame time to order the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such uit or suits to pay such prisoner or prisoners the costs he, (he, k* they shall have incurred on such occafion, or fo much hereot as to such judge or justices shall seem just and rea-onable; and every such judge is hereby empowered fo to do,

>n such prisoner's causing a common appearance to be entered 'or him in every such action or fuit.

XXXIII.  And whereas under former afls of this kind doubts have arisen what was to be done with such prisoners who applied

at

Prifoners who, on application as infolvent

512 Anno regnt quadragpfimo quarto Gsougii III. c. 10S. (1804.

at any session to be difcharged, tube owed and flood charged with debts as well previous as subsequent to the day limited by the refpeQivt Prifoners not afts\ To remedy which, be it therefore enacted by theautho-difeharged of rity aforesaid. That no prisoner or prisoners shall be difcfaarged ^uentto*^- an^ ^tS ,ncurre^ subsequent to the first day of January ^».Di9^8o4« onc thousand eight hundred and four 5 and if it shall appear 9 to thejuftices at any session pr adjournment, that any prisoner or prisoners then applying to them to be discharged shall Hand charged as well with debts previous to as iubfequent to the said first day of January one thousand eight hundred and four, that in such cafes it shall and may be lawful to and for the justices to discharge the person of such prisoner on account of all debts incurred previous to the said first day of January one thousand eight hundred and four, and to remand him or her back to the custody of the keeper of the prifbn from whence he or (he was brought, for all debts with which he or (be {lands charged with in his custody incurred subsequent to the said first day of January one thousand eight hundred and four.

XXXIV.  And be it further enabled by the authority afore-faid. That in cafe any perfon, being a prifoner, charged in execution on the said first day of January one thousand eight hundred and four, and having before or Cnee that day petitioned debtors,* have any court to be discharged as an insolvent debtor, and having been remand- conformed to the several provisions of the laws in being for ed back and that purpofc, {hall have been brought up, and by the court Saraedwith- bcf°re which such prisoner was fo brought up remanded back out their con-t0 prison or gaol from which such prisoner was brought up, fent, entitled there to continue in execution on the undertaking of his or her to the benefit plaintiff or plaintiffs, to pay to him or her two {hillings and of this ad.  four-pence weekly, and every or such other allowance as by

law is directed to be paid in such cafe, during such time as such prisoner {hould remain in execution at the fuit of such plaintiff or plaintiffs; and such prisoner fo continued in execution shall have been or shall be discharged from such execution by his or her plaintiff or plaintiffs without his or her own privity or confent, subsequent to the (aid first day oi January one thousand eight hundred and four, and before the day whereon he or (he might otherwise have applied to take the benefit of this a<5t, every such prisoner shall be entitled, notwithstanding such difeharge, to the fame relief and advantage, to all intents and purposes wbatfoever, which be or (he might or could have otherwise obtained by virtue of tbs adl j any thing herein contained to the contrary ootwith-ftanding.

XXXV.  And be it further enacted by the authority afore-A&nfeybe faid. That if any action of efcape, or any (hit or nStion be pleaded to brought against any justice or justices of the peace, (heriff, tfcape &c/ deeper or gaoler of any prifon, for performing their otfice in p 9 pursuance of this a&, they may plead the general iffue, and give this act in evidence j and if the plaintiff be nonfuited, or difeontinue his action, or verdict pass against hnv, or judge-ment upon the demurrer, the defendant shall have treble cods.

XXXVI.  And

i8<34-] Anno rsgni quadragcfimoquarto Georgii III. c. 108.

XXXVI.  And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Aft may be

laid, That if any scire facias or action of debt shall bfe brought PJj*d^ r£c~ against any such prifoner, upon any judgement obtained against  pl *

any such prifoner, or on any statute or recognizance acknowledged by him or her before the said first day of Januaty one thousand eight hundred and four, it shall and may be lawful

for any such prisoner to plead generally, in discharge of his or her person front execution, that stich prisoner was actually a prisoner in such prifon, or in fame other prison or prisons at such a person's fuit on the said first day of January one thou* sand eight hundred and four, and was or were duly dtfcharged according to this aft, at the general quarter session or general feffion, or adjournment thereof, held at such time and place for such county, riding, divifton, liberty, city, town, or place (at his, or her, cafe is), without pleading any matter fpecially; and in cafe any other fuit ocaftion shall be commenced against him, or her, for any other debt, Aim or Turns of money, due before the said first day of January one thoufstfnd eight hundred and four, to plead in discharge of his or her person from execution (over and above such matters of imprisonment and discharge as aforefaid), that such debt or sum of money (as the . cafe shall happen) was contrafted or due before the said first ■day of January one thousand eight hundred and four, without pleading any other matter fpecially, whereto the plaintiff shall or may reply generally, and deny the matters pleaded as aforesaid, or reply any other matter or thing which may (hew the said defendant not to be entitled to the benefit of this aft, or no'tduly discharged according to it, in the fame manner as the plaintiff might have replied in cafe the defendant had pleaded this aft, and the several fafts entitling him to bis difcharge, by virtue of the fame fpecially; and if the plaintiff be nonfuited, discontinue his aftion, or verdict pass against him, or judgement on demurrer, either upon such scire 7facias or such action of debt, upon judgement brought or other fuit or. action commenced as aforesaid, the defendant shall have treble cofis.

XXXVII.  Provided always, That nothing in this aft con- Aft not to tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to release or extend to discharge any attorney at law, or folicitor, or any other person itt®rn*tCf ar_ or persons acting or pretending to aft as such, with regard to ^mo-any debt with which he or they shall stand charged for any llCy *, money or other effects recovered and received by him or them

for the use of any person or perfons, bodies corporate or politick, and by any attorney, folicitor, or other person or persons acting as such, embezzled, concealed, or converted to his or their own u(e, or to release or discharge any servant or agent, or any other person or persons employed or entrusted as fuch, with regard to any debt or demand with which he, fhe, or they shall stand charged, for or on account of any money, goods, or other eftefts received or poflefied by him, her, or them, for .the ufc and on account of his, her, or their . Vol. XLV.  L  L  matter

514 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georoi i III. c. 108. [1804.

\

Nor to per-fofts obtaining money on false pre* . traces;

Nor to pii (oners remanded to prison under any infol-vent ad, for fraudulently obtaining money, 6cc,

Nor to perrons charged in execution for damages recovered in any action for crirritnl conciliation, Uc.

mafter or mailers, or employers, and by such servant or agent embezzled, concealed, or converted to bis, her, or their own u(e; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwirhftanding.

XXXVIII.  And whereas many evil-difpofed perfons, to fitppert their profligate way of ltfe% have by various subtle ftraUgems, throats, and devices, fraudulently obtained divers sums of money, goods, wares, merchandizes, bonds, bills of exchange, promiffary notes, or other securities for money, to the great injury of indtsjhrious families,, and to the manifest prejudice of trade and credit; be ttenaded. That no prisoner who knowingly and defignedly, by false pretence or pretences, shall have obtained from any person or perfons, money, goods, wares, merchandizes, bonds, bills of exchange, pro mi (Tory notes, or other securities for money, shall have or receive any benefit or discharge by or under this aft; but the justices at any general or quarter fefiion of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, before whom any such prisoners fiaall be brought, upon due proof of the matter made to their fatif-fadion, (ball remand such prisoner to the custody of the gaoler or keeper of the prison from whence he or the shall have been brought; any thing herein contained to the contrary not-withstanding.

XXXIX.  Provided always, That no prisoner who lhall have been remanded to prison under any ad heretofore passed for the relief of insolvent debtors, for having fraudulently obtained money, goods, or securities for money, on false pretences, or for having secretly and fraudulently removed (lock, cattk, or other effeds, which werje subject or liable to be detained for rent; or who shall have loft or forfeited the benefit of any such former ad by having made any fraudulent fale, transfer, conveyance, or alignment, since his or her imprifonment, to the prejudice of the fair and honest creditor; or who shall have obtained a discharge under any such former ad fraudulently ; or shall have taken an oath under such ad, or under the ad commonly called The Lords* A&, any part of which was not true; shall have or receive any benefit or discharge by or tinder this ad; but the justices at any general or other session of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, before whom any such prisoner shall be brought, upon due proof of the matter made to their fatistadion, shall remand such prisoner to the custody of the gaoler or keeper of the prison from which he or (he shall have been brought, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding: provided alfo, that no person charged in execution for damages recovered in any action for criminal conversation with the wife of the plaintiff in such adion, or in any adicn for seducing and carnally knowing the daughter or female servant of the plaintiff, or in any action for a malicious profecution, or for any other malicious injury, shall have any benefit under this ad, except only in cafes where the plaintiff in such actions respectively shall be dead, and no person iiiail have obtained probate of the will or letters

1804.] Annoregni quadragefimo quarto GrorGIi III. c. 108. 5x5

of administration of the effects of such plaintiff within twelve months after the decease of such plaintiff.

XL. And whereas many debtors for rents of lands, mejfuages$ houfeSy or other premifesy havey with fraudulent intent to disappoint the right of their rejpetttve landlords, removed theflock y cattle,furniture, goodiy or other effifls, which were subject and liable to be distrained Jor the satisfaction of the said rents ; be it enafled by the authority aforesaid, That no prisoner or prisoners, who, in a fecret, dan- Nor to per-deftine, or fraudulent manner, ihall have removed or caused tofons removing be removed within fix years before the passing of this aid, anycflk^* such flock, cattle, furniture, goods, or effects, of the value °^Uabletobe# fifty pounds or upwards, which were subject or liable to be oi/trained for distrained by their refpe<ftive landlords for or in payment of rent* such rent or rents, whereby such landlord or-landlords shall have loft all or some part of the rent or rents due to him, hef, or them, as aforesaid, shall be discharged by or under this a<ft, but (hall, on due proof of the matter as aforesaid, be remanded in manner herein-before mentioned; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary norwithflanding.

XLI. And whereas many debtors havfy with a view to defraud their creditorSyfoldy transferredy conveyed, or afftgned their ejlate and ejfefls to some person or perfonsy subsequent to their being in custody of law, or imprisoned under some process for debt: and whereas such faley transfery conveyance or ajfignmenty hath been fraudulently made% to the infinite 'prejudice of the fair and honefi creditor though fuf-ficient proof could not be obtained to convifl the party of a fraudulent  ,

defegn: be it enabled, That whenever it shall be proved by one Nor to p-r-or more credible witness or witnefles, to the satisfaction of the f°n* felling court to which any prisoner shall be brought up in order to obtain his or her difeharge, that such prisoner has fold, trans- acdi/ ferred, conveyed, or assigned to any person or perfons, all or tors, any part of his estate or effects subsequent to the time of his imprifonment, without just cauft? for fo doing, to be allowed by the justices presiding in such court as aforesaid, every such debtor shall lose all the benefits and advantages that he might otherwise have claimed under the authority of this aft, and shall not be entitled to his or her discharge ; and every such fale, transfer, conveyance, or alignment, is hereby declared to be null* and void.

XLII. And be it further enatfed by the authority aforesaid, Gaolers to That every gaoler or keeper of any prison shall and is hereby permit pri-required to suffer in the day-time any person or persons desiring ^^Vw^th the fame, to fee and speak in the lodge or some convenient ^ entry in* room in the said prifon, with any prisoner or prisoners whose the books of names are inserted in the before-mentioned lift or lifts, or the the prison to London or Dublin Gazettey or other ncwfpapers, or any of them; and alfb to fee in the true and genuine books of the said prison pcna y* the entries made of the name or names of such prisoner or prifoners, debtor or debtors, together with the name or names of the person or persons at whose fuit or suits he, fhe, or they are or were detained; and if any such gaoler or keeper fhall

I l 2  refufe

516 Anno

Penalty on gaoler making false entries.

Debtors refuting to dlf-cover the trade and abode of the person at whole fuit detained, excluded the benefit of the aft.

regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 108. [1804.

refufe or neglect to comply with what is hereby above required, every such gaoler or keeper who shall fo offend in the pre-mifes shall forfeit and pay to the person fo refused and aggrieved the sum of forty pounds, to be recovered with cods of fuit, bj aft ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of the courts at Weftminjltr or Dublin,, as the cafe may be, wherein no effoign, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed, by and in the name or names of the person or persons fo refused and aggrieved.

XLIII. And be it further enacted. That if any gaoler or keeper or deputed gaoler or keeper of any prison or prifons, shall make or cause to be made any false entries in any book or books belonging to any prison or gaol under his care, or of which he is or was gaoler, or shall prepare or keep, or- cause to be prepared or kept, any false book or books, in order for any false or untrue entry or entries to be made therein \ or shall insert in any lid to be delivered in as aforesaid, the name or names of any person or persons who was or were not in actual custody as aforesaid (except as in the oath of every such gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, shall be excepted), every such gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, (hall, over and above the penalrie9 which he shall be liable to for every such fraud, forfeit and pay the fumNof five hundred pounds, to be recovered with treble cods of fuit, by and in the name and for the use of any person or persons who shall be prejudiced by any such false entry or entries* which penalties shall and may be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majedy's courts of record at JVeflminfler or Dublin^ as the cafe may be, wherein no efloign, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XLIV. And he it further enacted. That if any debtor, being thereunto required by any creditor, (ball refuse to discover and declare the trade or occupation, and habitation or lad place of abode, of the person or persons at whose fuit he or (he is or was detained or charged in cudodyj or if any prisoner being called for and desired by any creditor or creditors to come to the lodge of the prison in which any such prisoner shall be confined, (nail refuse to come, without some reasonable cause being made appear to the contrary; such debtor, upon proof being made thereof before the justices at any general or quarter feflionof the peace or adjournment thereof, to be held as afore, faid, shall not have or receive any benefit or discharge by or under this aft; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithdanding.

XLV. And whereas there is but one common or county gulfor each of the respective counties of York or Lincoln, which/aid (no* ties are each of them divided into several ridings or diviJioni> oS of which have several commijftons of the peacey and if the gaoler if these gaols be obliged to carry the debtors prisoners therein to tin quarter fejfton of such riding or diviftony the fame will be a wy great charge not only to such gaoler, but afo to the prisoners in then

Urge

i8o4*] Anna rtgni quadragefimoquarto Georgii 111. c. 108. 517

large counties; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That it shall and may be lawful for two or more justices of the peace for any of the ridings or divi^ons in the respective coun- Lincoln may ties (or for any other county or counties where the prisons are hold a session at a distance from the place where the sessions are held) at the near to the common or county gaol thereof refpeftively, or at feme conve- count7 Sao1* nient place near thereto, and they are hereby required to af-femble and meet and to hold session there by adjournment from their respective quarter feffion, from time to time, for the discharge of the respective prisoners therein, according to the powers, limitations, and directions of this a<5t.

XLVI. And whereas the district or divijion of Holland, in the staid county of Lincoln, is dijtant near forty miles from the faii county gaoly and it is highly inconvenient and expenftve for the justices of the peace ailing for the said divijion to be obliged to travel to the said gaoly for the file purpose of difeharging the prisoners under the powers by this abf given; be it therefore enadted, That for the several purposes. aforesaid, the justices for the laid division or Holhndmay district of Holland may adjourn their original sessions to the hold an 7 county gaol, or some place near thereunto; and it shall and adjourned may be lawful for any two justices of the peace acting either for the parts* of Lindfeyy Kefteveny or Holland, to hold such adjourned sessions for the foie purpose of difeharging such prisoners 5 notice of the adjournment of such original sessions being given by the clerk of the sessions to such juftices, and who shall attend there to register the proceedings of the said court, fo far as the fame relate to or affect the discharge of any prisoner detained for debt in the division of Holland, and claiming the benefit of this adt.

XLV il. And whereas the next general quarterfeffions of the peace for the county of Surrey which shall happen after the pafftng of this a£ly may be in the country, and upwards of twenty miles from any of the said prifons; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for luch justices as Juftices for shall be assembled at the general quarter session of the peace a^ournTo7 to be holden for the county of Surrey next after the palling of Southwark, this adt, and they are hereby required forthwith to adjourn the or to the fcf-faid sessions to the borough of Southwark, or to the feflions- fions-houfein house in Horfemonger Laney in the parish of Newington, in the Lane!™005** said county of Surreyy for the purpose of administering the oaths required to be taken and fubferibed by this adt, by the several gaolers within the said county, and for the discharge of prisoners or other debtors, according to the powers, limitations, and directions of this adt.

XLV III. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-Prifoners in faid, That all debtors and others, who were in prison on or before the said first day of January one thousand eight hundred {0 be dif-and four, in any of the gaols of the United Kingdom, and now charged, remain there for not paying their fees, rents, or other demands, due or claimed as due to the keeper or keepers of any prison refpedtively, or to any other officer of such prifon, ana

upon

Aft not to extend to debtors of the crown, or offenders against the revenue laws.

518 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 108. [1804.

upon no other account, shall be discharged therefrom, be, (he, or they taking the oath by this aft required to 'be taken by

prifoners.

XLIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That this aft shall not extend or be con* ftrued to extend to discharge any person seeking the benefit of this aft, with respect to any debt or penalty with which he or (he shall stand charged at the fuit of the crown, or of any perfoo, for any offence committed against any aft or afts of parliament relative to his Majesty's revenue of cuftoms, excife, damps, or fait duties, or any of them, or any other branches of the pubiick revenue; or at the fuit of any fheriffor other pubiick officer upon any bail bond entered into for the appearance of any person pro-fecuted for any offence committed against any aft or afts of par* liament relaitve to his Majesty's said revenues of cuftoms, excife, damps, or fait duties, or any other branches of pubiick revenue* unless any three of the lords commissioners of his Majesty's trea-fury for the time being shall certify their consent under their thands to the justices at their said fd&ons or adjournment thereof for the discharge of such prisoner as aforesaid.

L. And whereas,. underformer afts, creditors have been put to great expence and trouble in attending every fejjion and adjournment during the whole continuance of the aft* to oppose the discharge of debtors clearly excludedfrom any benefit under the said respective afts, but utbo9 after having been before one feffton heard and refuftd a difeharge, to narafs their creditors, constantly gave frcjl) notices for eaco fubjapunt fejjion and adjournment, of their intended applications to be difcbargei\ to remedy which, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That in all cafes whatever, the determination of the justices in session or adjournment shall be final to all intents and purposes, unless the debtor (hall, at the first or second genera] quarter session of the peace aforesaid, or some adjournment thereof respectively which shall be holden after the felfion when he or (he was remanded, get rid of the objection or objections for which they re fused his difeharge; and that the fame may be clear and certain, the justices are hereby required to state the objections whv such debtor's discharge is refused by them; and in all cafes whatever it shall and may be lawful to and for the juftices, at such first or second fcfiion of the peace, or some adjournment thereof upon any application from the prifoner, upon due proof on oath made to them by two or more credible wirnefles (which oath they are ' hereby empowered to adminifter), of such objection or objections being removed, and on proof of notice served at Ieaft ten days previous to such application, on the creditor or creditors who before opposed his difeharge, and of such pubiick notice or notices being given in manner before directed by this aft, to order such prisoner to be brought before them, and if they shall then be of opinion the said debtor is entitled to the benefit of this aft, to adjudge him or her to be entitled to the benefit of this aft; and if a prifoner, to order him or her to be difeharged, he or (he taking <  the

Determinations ofjuf-tiees to ne find, unless the debtor gets rid of the objections to his di (charge.

i8o4«] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Gs6roii III. c. 108. 519

the oath, and in all other refpeCts conforming to the directions of this aCt.

LI. And whereas it may happen that ftveral persons who may claim and hi entitled to the benefit of this aft are seised of an estate tail in Jbtne freehold or copyhold lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which entail) with the remainder thereon expeftant, they have by law power

defeat and bar, either by levying a fine or fines, fifftring a common •recovery or common recoveries, or by thefurrender crjurrenders thereof, whereby fitch person or persons fata freehold or copyhold lands, tenements, and hereditaments, would be liable to the payment of their debts, and be delivered up according to the terms of this aft, for the benefit of their creditors 3 be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in every such cafe such person or perfons, foMjrteaof seised as aforesaid, and who shall be entitled to and claim the be-ttefit of this a&, (hall, to all intents and purposes whatsoever in ;n t3yf law, be deemed and tafccn, and is and are hereby declared to be to be delivered seised of such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in fee 3 and up to their the fame shall be delivered up to such creditor or creditors of c**d*ton. every such prifoner, in the fame manner as if such person or persons had actually levied a fine, suffered a common recovery or recoveries, or made a surrender or surrenders thereof, and thereby had become seised in fee; any law or conftruCkion of law to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

LII. And whereas many persons who may be entitled to and claim the benefit of this aft, have been great dealers or otherwise engaged in large tranfaftions, whereby they may be entitled to sundry and great debts and demands, of various and intricate natures, and they may be entitled to equities of redemption of estates subject and liable to mortgages, judgements, or other incumbrances, or to reverfions, remainders, cr other contingent ejlates in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or to ether trujls or inter eft sin eft ates both real and per final, which may not be sufficiently deferibed or difeovered in the fibedule or inventory before directed to be delivered in upon oath by the prisoner to be £f-ebarged as aforesaid, or which may want his aid and ajjiflance to adjuft, make out, recover, or manage for the benefit of his creditors; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and Afllgin-es may may be lawful to and for therefpeCtive affigneesof the estate and *PPJy for fur* effects of such debtor or debtors, who shall obtain his, her, or their difeharge, in purfiiance of this aCt, or any other person or debtors ro persons duly authorised by them for that purpose, from time to two juftices. time, to apply to any two or more of the justices of the peace for the county, riding, diviiion, city, town, place, or liberty, where such debtor or debtors shall be then refiding, thereby de-firing that such debtor or debtors may be further examined as to any matters or things relating to his, her, or their estate or effedts, whereupon such justices shall fend for or call before them such debtor or debtors, by such warrant, fummons, ways or means, as they shall think nt; and upon such debtor's appearing shall examine him, her, or them, as weft upon oath as otherwife, as to^ such matters and things as such assignee shall defire, relating to the estate and effects of. such debtor or debtors: and if

'  any

520 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto GeorguIII. c. ioS. X1804.

any debtor or debtors (00 payment or tender of payment of fach reasonable charges as such justices shall judge fufficiem) shall neglect or refuse to come or appear, not having a lawful excefe, to be made known to such justices and by them allowed, or be* Jng come before them shall refuse to be fwonn, or to answer to all such questions as by such justices (ball be put to bim, her, or them, relating to the discovery of his, her, or their estate or ef-fe&s fo vested or intended to be vested in such clerk of the peace, town derk, or other officer a£king as clerk of the peace, or (itch assignees as aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful to and for such juftices, by warrant under their hands and feals, to apprehend such debtor or debtors fo offending as aforesaid, and him, her, or them, to commit to the common gaol, there to remain, without bail or mainprise, until such time as he, (be, or they, shall submit hinufelf, herfelf, or themselves to such juftices, and anfti upon oath to all such lawful questions as shall by such justices be put to him, her, or them, for the purpotes aforesaid.

LIIL And be it further enacted by the authority aforebtd. That all and every such perfonand persons who (ball, within ten months after the discharge of such prisoner or prifoners, volun-debtors* estate tarjly come in and make a discovery of any part of such debtor's not comprised or debtors' real or personal eftate, as (ball not be comprifcd in such schedule as aforesaid, before any such justices aforesaid, shall be allowed after the rate of twenty pounds per centum out of the net produce of such debtor's or debtors' estate which shall be re* covered on such difcovery, and which shall be paid, to such period or persons fo difeovertng the fame by the assignee or aiEguces of such debtor's estate and effects.

LIV. Provided always, and be it enafted. That notwithftand-ing the discharge of any person or persons by virtue of this aft, if it shall hereafter appear the fame was obtained fraudulently, or that any part of the oath taken by any such person or persons was not true, then and in every such cafe every such difcfcarge shall be void and of none efiedk.

LV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That it shall be lawful at all times hereafter for any assignee or assignees of the efface or effects of any debtor or debtors, who shall be chose in pursuance of this adk, by and with the cooient of the major part in value of the creditors , of such debtor or debtors who shall be present at a meeting to be had on twenty-one days notice being previously given for the purpose hereafter mentioned in the Lenden Gazelle, if the debtor was in custody in Lemden or within the weekly bills of mortality, and if not, theo also in feme newspaper which shall be published in the county, city, or place, in or near which such person or persons shall have been in gaol j and if in custody at Dublin or in the county of Dublin, in the Dublin Gazette, and if in any other place in that part of the united kingdom called Ireland, then also in some newspaper which shall be published in the county, city, or place in or near which fitch person or persons shall have been in gaol, to make competitions with any person or persons or accountants.to.iuch debt or debtor,

where

Reward to persons dif-covcrins

in the fche< dules.

Fraudulent

difeharges

void.

Affignees, with content of majority in value of creditors, may compound for debts, and submit dif-

Cutes to ar-itration.

804*] Anno regm quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 108. 5a(

trhere the feme /hall appear necessary or reafonable, and to take uch reasonable part of any such debt as can upon any such com* lofition be gotten in full discharge of such debts and accounts, md also to fubnait any difference or dispute between fufh assignee >r affignees, and any person or perfons, for or on account or by eafon or means of any matter, caufc, or thing relating to the ?ftatc or effects of such debtor or debtors, or to any debt or debts I lie or claimed to be due to or from such debtor or debtors, to ho final end and determination of arbitrators to be chosen by :he laid assignee or affignees, and the major part in value of such rreditors, and the party or parties with whom they shall have ~uch difference, and to perform the award of such arbitrators, or of any umpire to be chosen by them, or otherwise to fettle and 3gree the matters in difference and dispute between them, in such manner as the said assignee or affignees, with such confen* as afore faid, shall think fit and can agree \ and the feme shall bo binding to all the creditors of such debtor or debtors ; and every such assignee or assignees is and are hereby indemnified for what they shall fairly do in the preroi fes in pursuance of this ad.

LVJ. Andy for the better difeovery of the estate and tffefti of any debtor who shall be discharged by virtue of this be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any person or persons Penalty for who fhail have accepted of any trust or trufts, and shall wilfully conceal or prated any eftate, real or perfonal, of any such debtor eOatei^ from his creditors, and fhail not within thirty days afterany affigr nee 0/ assignees shall in pursuance of this ad be chofen, of any such debtor's eftate, discover and difdofe to such assignee or affig* neea focb trust and estate in writing, and deliver up or make over the fame to such assignee or affignees, he, (he, or they fo offend* ing (hall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, and also double the value of the eftate, either real or perlbnai, (b concealed, to and for the u(e of the creditors of any such debtor, to be recovered by action of debt in any of his Ma-jefty's courts of record at TVtftminfter or Dublin, as the cafe may be, in the name or names of the assignee or assignees of such debt* or's eftate, together with treble costs of fuit.

LVII. And whereas provifton ought to be made as to what Jhould become of tbi estate and effects of any debtor or debtors not got in, obtained, or recovered by any assignee or assignees cboje purjuant to the directions of tho foveral afls at the time of his or their death or deaths^ and wiofe heir or heirs, executors, admin ft rators, and afftgnSy re fit fed to aft or meddle therein \ to remedy which, be it enaded.

That in all such cafes it (ha)l and may be lawful to and for the If affignee* creditors of every such debtor or debtors to choose a new  1°^trg

affignee or assignees in manner and form a$ hereinbefore ischoien. di reded, and to obtain a new assignment from the clerk of the peace or his deputy, town-clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, pursuant to the order of the justices (and which said order the said justices are hereby required and empowered to dired, on due proof on oath being made to them of the death of such former assignee or assignees and refuted of bis or

their

522 Anno regni quadrageiimo quarto Georgii III. c. 108. [1804.

Courts, oa complaint, jnay remorc affignees.

their heirs, executors, administrators or affigns, to a& or meddle therein); and the said clerk of the peace or his deputy, town-clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, are hereby I empowered to obey the fame, and execute such assignment i accordingly, in manner and form as if no former affigotnenc ! had ever been made, the said assignee or affignees, clerk of the j peace or his deputy, town-clerk, or other officer acting as derk of the peace, are hereby empowered to obey the fame, amd execute such assignment accordingly, in manner and form ms if no former assignment had ever been made, the said assignee or affignees, clerk of the peace or his deputy, town-clerk or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, hereby conforming to all orders and directions made by this ad relative to them or any of them, and to be liable to all such pains and penalties as are inflicted on them, or any of them, by this ad, for dtfobedience in any part thereof, or neglect of duty whatever; and in cafe any such assignee or assignees shall die, and his heirs, executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, shall refuse to ad, that then and in such cafe it shall be lawful for such justices of the peace to appoint a new assignee or^affignees, with the like powers and authorities as are given by this ad, and the said justices Hull , have power, in a summary way, to oblige the heirs, executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, of such assignee or affignees, to account and deliver up all such estate and effects as shall refrain in his or their hands, to be applied for the purposes of this ad.

LV1II. Jndy to the intent and purpose that the ejlate end fffe&s vf such debtor or debtors as Jball be itfcbarged by virtue of this aQ may *be duly and faithfully applied for the benefit of bisy her, or their real creditors; be it enacted by the authority aforefaud. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective courts at Wefl~ minder and Dublin, and the courts of great sessions in fValiSy and the counties palatine of Chefier, Lancafter, and Durham refpe&ively, and the courts of limited jurisdiction in that part of the united kingdom called Ireland, from whence any proceis issued upon which any such debtor or debtors was or were committed, or, where the process issued out of any other court, to and for the judges of the court of King's*bench, common pleas, and exchequer, or of great feffions, or counties palatine afojefaid, within their respective jurifdi&ions, or any one of them, from time to time, upon the petition of any such debtor, or the creditor or creditors of such debtor, complaining of any inefficiency, fraud, mifmanagement, or other misbehaviour of any assignee or assignees of the estate or efie&s of any such debtor or debtors, to summon all parties concerned, and upon hearing the parties concerned therein, to make and give such orders and directions therein, either for the removal or dif-placing such assignee or assignees and appointing any new assignee or assignees in the place or stead of such assignee or assignees fo to be removed or difplaced, and for the prudent, juft, and equitable management or distribution of the estate and effects of any such debtor for the benefit of die refpec-

rive

1804.] Annoregni quadragcfimo quarto Georgii III. c. 108.  513

tive creditors, .as the laid courts or judges respectively shall think fit; and in cafe of the .removal or displacing of any assignee or affignees, and the appointing of any new assignee or affignees, the estate or effects of such debtor or debtors (halt from thenceforth be divested out.of the assignee or assignees fo removed or difpJaced,'and be vested in and delivered over to such new assignee or. affignees, in the fame manner, and for the fame intents and purposes, as the fame were before vested in the assignee or affigees first chosen as aforefaid; any thing in this adt contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

. LIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority Where mu-aforefaid. That in all cafes where mutual credit hath been tual credit given between any debtor who shall be discharged in pursuance ^vcn balance of this adt, and any other person or perfons, or bodies corporate to be Rated, or politick, before the delivery of such fchcdule or inventory of the estate and effects of such debtor or debtors, upon oath as aforesaid, the respective assignee or assignees of such debtor or debtors is and are hereby authorised and required on his and their parts to state and allow an account between them and the other party or parties concerned; and nothing more shall be deemed to be vested in such clerk of the peace or town-clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, or such assignee or assignees as aforesaid, as the estate or effects of such debtor or debtors, than what shall appear to be justly due to him, her, or them refpedtively, as and for the balance of such account when truly ftated.

LX. And whereas many persons are often committed by the courts of law and equity for contempts, for not paying money ordered or awarded to be paid, and for not paying of costs duly and regularly taxid and allowed by the proper officer, after proper demands made for that purpose, and also upon the writ of excommunicato capiendo  ♦

or other proceft for or grounded on the non-payment of money, coffin or e xpen ces, in fame causa or proceeding in fame eccleftafticai courts or for contempt to such court relating thereto; it is hereby declared # and enadted, That all such persons as have been lb committed  ^

on or before the first day of January one thousand eight hun- monies108 dred and four, and have ever iince remained in custody under awarded, fucb commitment, are and shall be entitled to the benefit' of this cofts, &c. act, on and subject to the fame terms, conditions, and reftric-  ^***

tions, as are herein expreflkd and declared with respect to pri-fonejs for debt only.

LXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no No peHons person who shall have taken the benefit of any adt heretofore the'bc^iefit^ passed for the relief of insolvent debtors, or of the adt commonly an jnf0ivent called The Lords9 At7, within the space of five years last pa ft, adt within ll'.all have or receive any benefit or advantage of or under this five years to act, nor be deemed to be within the intent and meaning thereof, ^^fV^acr0* fo as to be discharged under the fame; any thing herein-before ^ a^B contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

LXII. And be it further cnadted by the authority aforesaid. Affirmation That in all cafes wherein by this adt an oath is required, the ^ takco”10

foletnn

5*4 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii m. e. 109. [1804.

folemn affirmation of any person being a quaker flail and may be accepted and taken in lieu thereof; and every period making such affirmation who shall be convicted of wilful and false affirmation, shall incur and suffer such and the fame penalties as are inflicted and imposed by this aSt upon persons convoked of wilful and corrupt perjury.

Future estate LXIII. And be it further ena&ed, That nothing bemn* contained shall be deemed or taken to discharge the future uBd^This aft or cffedls, real or perfonal, of any person or persons ditto be liable for charged under this ad, whether such person or persons shall or their debts, shall not have been charged in execution of or from the pay-ment of any debts, damages, coifs, sum or sums of money, due, owing, or demandable, from any such person or perfons, or in respect of which such person or persons was or were in cuftody; and all and every person and persons entitled to receive or be

Said any such debt, damages, cofts, fqm or sums of money, fiaail ave all such and the like remedies in law and equity, agaioft such future estate and effeds, but not agatnft the person of the party, for payment thereof, as he or they might have had if this ad had not been made; and in any cafe in which the payment or recovery of such demands or fjpms of money could, before the passing of this ad, have been enforced only by cootmiu ment, either on the ground of contempt or otherwife, of the person liable thereto, the party interested therein shall be and is hereby enabled to sue the person or persons who ought to have paid the fame, for what shall remain unsatisfied thereof, in like manner as if the sum remaining unsatisfied had been money lent and advanced by, or money had and received for the use of the person having such dematio, but shall be entitled to recover or have execution out of or against such future estate and effects otjly, and shall not be entitled to arrest or take in execution the party against whom such demand shall be enforced.

Ad not to LXIv. Provided always, an*be it enaded, That nothing in extend to this ad contained shall extend to that part of Great Britain called fecctland. Scotland.

CAP. CIX.

An act to regulate the importation and exportation of corn, and the bounties and duties payable thereon. — [July 30, 1804.J

$1 Geo. j.

30.

WHEREAS an aft, pajfcd in the thirty flrfl year of the reign of his present Majefly, intituled, An act for regulating die importation and exportation of corn, and the payment of the duty on foreign corn imported, and of the bounty on British corn exported : and whereas it is expedient that fo much of the fold recited aft as regulates the prices at which British corn, grain, malty mealy flour, or bifeuit, may be exported, except to Ireland, and corny grain, meal, and flour imported\ except from Ireland, and also the duties and bounties payable thereon, except such duty or sum of money as may be payable in respect of the warehoufing of any com, be re-pealed, and that other provifms Jhould be made in relation to the

importation

1804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 109. 525

importation thtnof into and bounties on importation thereof out of Great Britain, and that regulations Jhould also be made in relation to the exportation from and importation into Ireland, of corny grain9 malt9 mealy fioury and bifcuit; may it therefore please your Ma* jetty that it may be enacted * and be it enaAed by the King's most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affcmbled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the fifteenth day of November one thousand eight *f ^^5*^ hundred and four, fo much of the said recited ad of (he thirty-* as regulates first year aforesaid, as regulates the prices at which Brittjh corn, the prices at grain, malt, meal, flour, and bifcuit, may be exported, except £hich c0™» to Ireland\ and at which foreign corn, grain, meal and flour, exported or maybe imported, (except from Ireland, and as fixes the duties imported, kc* and bounties payable thereon, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed* repealed, except fo for as the fame relates to any duty payable on any corn or grain in relpcdt of the warehoufing thereof.

II.  And be it further enabled, That, from and after the Importation

faid fifteenth day of November one thousand eight hundred and apd exporta-four, the importation and exportation of corn, grain, malt, meal,  .

flour, and biscuit into and from England and Wales, shall be re* bytheave-gulated by the aggregate average price of corn, grain, and rage price of oatmeal, of the whde of the twelve maritime dtftri&s in England the maritime and Wales \ and the importation and exportation into and from diftri&fe Scotland shall be regulated by the aggregate average price of

the whole of the four districts in Scotlandj such average price to be afeertained quarterly, weekly, and monthly from foch returns, and in such manner as is directed by the said recited aft for afeertaining the average prices of corn, grain, meal, and flour; any thing in any adt or a£U to the contrary not* with (landing.

III.  And be it further enaded, That, from and after the Bounties cm

laid fifteenth day of November one thousand eight hundred and corn to be re-four, the several bounties specified in the schedule to this a& SSSuvV \ annexed marked (A.), and no other, shall be allowed and pay*  '  '

able and paid in respect of and upon Britijh corn, grain, malt,

meal, flour, and bifcuit, exported from Great Britain j and all such bounties shall be allowed and payable and paid, and the exportation of Britijh corn, grain, malt, meal, and flour pro* hibited according to the prices and regulations of the said table; any thing in the foid recited a& to the contrary notwithftandiog.

IV.  And be it further ena&ed, That the several and re- Duties oa

fpedtive duties specified and fet forth in the schedule to this ad cor^?eSCil_ annexed marked (B.), and no other or different duties, except  /R  .

as-aforefaid, shall be charged and levied upon and payable and

paid in respect of all corn, giain, meal, and flour, imported into Great Britain; and such duties shall be charged and pay* able and paid according to the prices and regulations in the said schedule j any thing ip any ad or ads to the contrary not* withftanding.

V. And

Adt not to ex- V. And be it further enabled, That nothing in this ad contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the exportation or importation of corn, grain, meal, or flour, from Greet Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great Britain; and all Great Britain the powers, provifions; authorities, regulations, penalties, for-to Ireland, or futures, claufes, matters, and things in the said ad or any to°GreataBri- fabfequent aft contained, and not hereby altered, varied, or tain 5 and the repealed, shall extend, and be construed to extend, to this ad< and be used and applied in carrying the fame into execution, as fully as if the provisions and clauses and schedules of this a St had made part of the said ads, and as if the clauses of the said ads had been feverally, as far as the fame were applicable, re* enacted in the body of this ad.

VI. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That whenever the average prices for regulating the importation and exportation of corn, grain, meal, and flour, into and from Great Britain, shall be under the prices at which the fame may be importable into Great Britain on the low duties from foreign Britrin Parts>  an<*  mzy  lawful  to  and  for any perfoo or

and Ireland on P*rfons to export any (uch corn or grain of British growth, or the low du- any meal or flour made thereof, from Great Britain to Ireland; ties from fo- and in like manner, whenever the average prices for rego-excitation ^at*nS r^e importation and exportation of corn, grain, and Sail be allow- A°ur» into and from Ireland, shall be under the prices at which cd from Great the fame may be importable into Ireland on the low duties from Britain to Ire- foreign parts, it shall and may be lawful for any person or

tend to exportation or importation of corn from

provifions of former ads to extend to this ad.

Whenever the average shall be under the price 8 at which com may be itn-

land, &c.

perfons to export any such corn or grain of Irijb growth, or any meal or flour made thereof, from Ireland to Great Britain provided the fame be exported in British or Irijb (hips owned and navigated according to law.

VII. And be it further ena&ed, That, from and after the said fifteenth day of November one thousand eight hundred and four,

Importation and exportation of corn the importation of foreign corn, grain, meal, and flour, into

into and from  j  .u________________ r  fSa A—

Ireland to be regulated by fcnedule (C.) and (P.)

Ireland, and the exportation of Irijb corn, grain, malt, meal, flour and bifeuit, from Ireland, and the payment of the duties and bounties thereon, shall be regulated according to the schedules to this act annexed marked (C*) and (D.) refpec-tively, and the duties therein fpecifled shall be charged and payable and paid, and the bounties therein fpecifled shall be allowed and paid, according to the prices and regulations therein containedj any thing in any a£t or a&s relating to corn, grain, meal, or flour, imported into or exported from Ireland, to the contrary notwithftandrng.

VIII. And be it further cnadted, That all the provifions, etc. or former  ■  .  .  *•  t .  .  T . .

adts extended P°wers, authorities, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures,

to this adt. claufes, matters, and things now in force in any act of parliament, in relation to the importation into Ireland or exportation from Ireland of any corn, grain, malt, meal, or flour, not contrary to the provisions of this a<5t, (ball extend, and bccon-flrued to extend, and be applied and enforced for the carrying

im#

x 804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii HI. c. 109. 527

into execution the purposes of this adl, in relation to the duties and bounties, and importation and exportation of corn, grain, meal, and flour, into and from Ireland refpe&ively, and regulations relating thereto, specified in the said schedules marked (C.) and (D.J, as fully and effectually as if the fame ivere repeated and re-enafled in and made part of the body of this a£k.

SCHEDULES

SCHEDULES to which |

SCHEDULE (A.)—Shewing the Prices to which the SCALE of BOUNTY

MEAL, MALT, &c. j and the Prices at

  WHEAT.  RYE.  PEAS  and  BEANS.  BARLEY. BEER, or BIGG or MALT made of BARLEY, BEER, or BIGG  71  h  1  1

When exported to any Foreign Country!    •  Exportable without bounty till at or under    

If at oPuoder per quarter  s. d.  48 0 - -  S. d.  32 0 - -  s, d•  35 0 - -  s. d.  28 0 - -  

BOUNTY - -  1  s. d.  - - 3 °  - - - -  s.i.  .-26  

Ifabove - - - -  54 O - -  35 0 - *  35 0 - -  31 0 -  

NO EXPORT ALLOWABLE.  >        

this Aft refers.*

is to attach on the EXPORT of CORN, GROUND CORN, FLOUR or which the EXPORTATION is prohibited.

OATS.  WHEAT* FLOUR, BISCUIT, &e.  WHEAT-  MEAL.  RYE MEAL, or  FLOUR.  BARLEY, BEER or BIGG MEAL.  OATMEAL.

4        -  

s. i. '    ..  -  ~  *

16 O - -  —    —  —•  —

K  >      -  ... • i

s• d.  s. d.  S.d.  s. d  s. d.  s. d

- - 2 0  percwt, 1 6-  percwt. j 3  percwt. 0 9  percwt. 0 jo  percwt. 1; 0

-  .  -      

-  ♦  -    - -  

    *      

19 O - -  "        

    • •      

• XLV,

* M M

SCHEDULE

SCHEDULE (B.)—Shewing the Prices according to which High or

    WHEAT.  RYE,  PEAS aod BEANS.

When imported from the Province of Quebec, or the oth£r Britifti Colonies or Plantations in North America V  1  If under * - - per quarter Hioh duty - ditto    ;•  53 - - - - -  x. d.  . - - - 24 3  X.  3S ... -x. a. - - - 22 0

If at, or above - per quarter but under - - ditto    H : --':  35 - * - ' 37 - * * *

FIRST LOW DUTY    .... a 6  - - - 1 6

If at, or above - per quarter    56 . - - -  37 - - - -

SECOND tow DUTY -    - . - - 0 6  - - - 0 3

When imported from any other foreign Countrys    J.  s.

If under - - - per quarter  HIGH DUTY -    63 . .  J. d  +2 - - - -  x. d.  - - . 22 0

If at, or above - per quarter but under - - - ditto    qs 0  1 t  •  1  •  1 1 1  1 1 1 1 • 1 1 1  **

FIRST LOW DUTY -    .... 2 6  - • -l6

If at, or above - per quarter    66 - - - -  44 - ' “ -

SECOND LOW DUTY -    - - - - 0 6  ... 0 3

  IMPORTATION of Wheat, Meal, and Flour, to be governed as follows :  When imported from the Province of Quebec, or the other British Colonies or Plantations in North America,  d  High Duty, per cwt. --66 First Low Duty, ditto - - i 6 Second Low Duty, ditto - o %    

  When imported from any other foreign Country,  /. d.  High Duty, per cwt. - - 6 6 First Low Duty, ditto - - i 6 Second Low Duty, ditto - x o  Malt made of Wheat - Prohibited.    Rye ground, or Malt made of Rye; Peafe ground, and Beans ground—-fto-  I hibited.

Low DUTIES are to take place on IMPORTATION.

BARLEY, BEER or BIGO.

S. d.

26 o

26 o 28 o

28 0

}. i.

-22 O

- i 3 “  ®  3

s.  d.

31  6

31  6

33  0

33  0

t.

22 O

* 3 o 3

OATS,

OATMEAL.

i.

17 4 ;

a.

- 6 7

'7 -  -

l8 -

-  - I 0

18

-  - o 2

21

s. d.

-.67

21

22

- - I ©

22

-02

When imported' from the Proving of Qtpbec, or the other Britith Colonies or Plantations in North America:

If under -

Scotch Troy - - i

for ever boll,

high duty - -f at, or above - per boll but under -  -  ditto

FIRST LOW DUTY -

If at, or above - per boll

SECOND LOW DUTY

If at, or above but under •

IMPORTATION of Indian Corn or Maize, to be governed by the Price of Barley, ar follows:

When imported from the Province of Quebec, or the other Britifli Colonics or Plantations in North America,

' /. </. High Duty, per quarter - * %% o First Low Duty, ditto -  - i 3

Second Low Duty, ditto -03 When imported from any other foreign Country, j. d. High Duty, per quarter - - %% o First Low Duty, ditto -*13 Second Low Duty, ditto -03

Barley,Indian Corn or Maize, Beer or Bigg ground; and Malt made of Barley, Indian Com or Maize, Beer

_TV -  !»  J

t. d.

16 6

-  - 8 o

16 6

7 4

• * 1 o

7 4

-  - o 2

When imported from an other foreign Country:

If under - -  - per boll

HIGH DUTY -  -

per boll - ditto

FIRST LOW DUTY -

If at, or above - per boll

SECOND LOW DUTY

Malt!?ade  \Prohibited.

20

U d.

-  - 8 o

20

21

-10

21

-  - 0 6

SCHEDULE (C.)—-Shewing the Prices to which the SCALE of BOUNTY

MEAL) MALT, &c. from Ireland, and the Prices

  WHEAT.  RYE.  PEAS  and  BEANS.  BARLEY. | BEER, or BIGG: or MALT made of BARLEY, BEER, or BIGG.

When exported to any foreign Country,  *  -  -  -

If at, or under, per barrel, Britiflt - -  t. d. 29 $ - -  X. d.  20 4 - •  0  S' * P-  1  1  s. d. • 16 0 - _

bounty - British  1  1  tO J1 O  x. d. - - 1 10  X • d% - I 10  - - i 5

If above,per barrel, Britith  33 * - -  22 3 - -  22 3 - -  17 8 - -

' NO EXPORT ALLOWABLE.        •

k

is to attach on the EXPORT of CORN, GROUND CORN, FLOUR or at which the EXPORTATION is prohibited.

OATS.  WHEAT-FLOUR, BISCUIT, Ac.  WHEAT-  MEAL.  RYE-MEAL,  or  FLOUR.  BARLEY, BEER, or BIGG FLOUR.  OATMEAL.

/. d.          

IO 3 - -  •    *  -  

d.  s. d.  S • dt    j. d.  J. d.

--- 13  percwt. 1 6  percwt. 1 3  percwt. 0 9  perctotoro  percwt. 1 0

12 3 - -  —  —  _ —  —  —

    •      

534 Anno regni quadrageGmo quarto Georgii III. c. 199. [1^04. SCHEDULE (D.) — Shewing (be Prices according to which the HIGH or

When Imported from the Province of Quebec, or the other British Colonies or Plantationsm North America,  WHEAT.  RYE,  PEAS and BEANS.  

If under • - • per barrel, British -  high duty - * British -If at or above - - per barrel, Britifli -But under - - * * per D® British -rxasT low duty - - British -If at or above - - per barrel, British -  SECOND LOW DUTY - British -  J. d.  a* 7 - • f. d.  . - !4 IO  3* 7 ? -34 4 - -  -  - -i 6  34 4 - -  -  • - o 3  /. 4.  %% 3 - -  /. 4.  • - 14 0  ** 3 - • 13 6 * -  -  - - 0 11  S3 6 - -  -  - - 0 1 ^  

When Imported from any other Foreign Country, If under * * * per barrel, British *  r. 4-  as * * -  36 8 - . •  

high duty - * British *  /. d. - - - 14 io  /. / • - 14 0  

If at or above - « per barrel, British -  3* « - "  »6 8 - -  

But under per barrdt British -  40 6 - *  do*.  

YIRST LOW DUTY - British -  ---16  ... 0 11  

If at pr above - per barrel( British •  40 6 -  do*.  

SECOND LOW DUTY - Britifli -  ... 0 3  1  *  1  0  M  

IMPORTATION of WHEAT, MEAI*,' and FLOUR, to be governed as follow*:

When imported from Quebec, or tie other British Colonies or Plantations in North America*

/. d*

High Duty, per cwr. -  6  6  Britifli.

Fiut Low Duty -  -  - t 6 - D®

Second Low Duty -  -  - o * - D»

^  When  imported  from  any  other  Foreign  Country.

j. J.

High Duty -  -  -  -66 Britilh.

Firft Low Duty •  -  * I 6 • D®

Second Low Duty  -  -  - i o - D°

Malt made of Wheat .............................................................Prohibited.

Rye ground, or Malt made of Rye $ Peas ground, and Beans ground - prohibited.

JDVT DUTIES are to take place on IMPORTATION into IRELAND.

BARLEY, BEER or BIGG.  OATS.    OATMEAL.      

Sm d.  J.  4.      j.  d.

14 9 * -  10  li • -  ( If under, per cwt. of 11 albs, avoir- > I dupois - - - S  British  13  %

/. d.    /. d.        

- - - sa 6  m  • 4 •  - - hioh duty - for every cwt.  British  8  0

14 9 -  10  11 - •  If at or above * - par cwt*  British  x3  a

16 0 •  11  7 - -  But under - - per cwt.  British  13 xo  

- - - 0 8  -  1  1  0  * - FIRST LOW DUTY per CWt.  British  1  0

16 0 - -  IK  7 - -  If at or above - - per cwt.  British  >3  so

---ox  -  - - 0 1  - * SECOND LOW DUTY ptr CWt*  British  0  a

j. d.  I*  4      s.  4.

V,  0  •  *  x3  6 - -  If under - per cwt.  British  16  Q

s. d.    a. d.  •      

- - - is 6  - ■  - 4 •*  - . Blow DUTY '* - per cwt.  British  8  0

18 0 • -  x3  6 - -  If at or above - - per cwt.  British  16  O

18 10 - •  »♦  * • -  But under * - per cwt*  British  16  9

- - - 0 8  *  • -» 0 7  * - FIRST LOW DUTY - pCT CWt.  British  1  0

x8 10 • -  x4  a  If at or above - - per cwt*  British  16  9

-•-01  I  -  - - 0 1  - - SECOND LOW DUTY per CWt.  British  0  6

IMPORTATION of INDIAN CORN or MAIZE, to be governed the Price of

BARLEY as follows:

When imported from Quebec, or the other Brifilth Colonies or Plantations in North America,

/. d.

High Duty, per barrel -  -  15  *o Britifh.

Firft Low Duty, ditto •  -  o  to ditto.

Second Low Duty, ditto  <?  r» ditto*

When imported from any other Foreign Country,

/. d.

High Duty •  -  -  -  15  o Britifh.  *

Firft Low Duty -  -  -  o  10 ditto.

Second Low Duty -  -  -  o  a ditto.

Malt made of Oats

Prohibited.

Annoregni quadragcfimoquarto Geokgii III.c. iio. [1804.

CAP. CX.

An a£t for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund of Great Britain; and for applying a certain sum of money thereim-mentioned for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and four; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.—[July 31, 1804.]

5,000,000/. out of the consolidated fund may be ifiued towards the

«for Great Britain for 1804, and also 1,370,664/. 44. 8^ 19* furplui rtts for 1803. Monies railed by malt ad 44 Geo. 3. c. 16; by duty on penfions, See, 44 Geo. 3. c. 17. not exceeding a,000,006/.; and 8,000,000L by 44 Geo. 3. c. 45.; 1,500,000/. by 44 Geo. 3. c. 46.; by loan ad of 44 Geo. 3. c. 47. for 14,500,000/. after remittance to Ireland of 4,500,000/.; by lottery ad, after payment of one third of the profits for the service of Ireland; and 1,500,000/. by 44 Geo. 3. c. 81.; and <>370,664/. 4/. 8 d. 20. fur plus of grants; and 5,000,000/. out of the consolidated fund /hall be applied as hereafter exprdTed. Monies coming into the exchequer of Ireland by 44 Geo. 3. c. 47, c, 48. c. 93. and c.97. shall be carried to the consolidated fund of Ireland, and applied as hereafter 'exprefled.* 11,350,606/. 7/. 6d. for naval fervices, viz. 2,405,000/. for wages of 100,000men, including 11,000 marines for 13 lunar months; a,470,00c/. for their vidualling; 3,900,000/. for wear and tear of fliips; 315,000/. for ordnance for sea service ; 1,010,670/. 94. 9d. for ordinary of the navy for 1804.; 948,520/. for building and repairing Blips of war for 1804; 709,249/. 9J. 8d. for transports tor 1804; 120,166L 84. \d. for prisoners of war in health for 1804; 42,000/. for sick prifooers of war for 1804$ 310,000/. for increase of the naval defence lince May 15, 1804. 2,500,000/. for Great Britain; and 800,000/. Iri(b for Ireland, for such measures as exigencies may require. 19,108,859/. jj. ici. for land fervice, viz. 4,176,624/. 12/. 8d, for 119,039 effective men in Great Britain and Ireland; 1*1741509/- i6j. bd* for forces in the plantations. See. for 1804; 19,859/. J4j. 9d. for parties in Great Britain, recruiting for regiments in East India for 1804; 180,000/. for recruiting and contingencies of forces in Great Britain and on foreign stations for 1804 ; 154,647/. 3J. lod. for general staff and hospital officers in Great Britain for 1804; 1,791,613/. 7j. 6d. for the militia and fenciblesin Great Britain and Ireland for 1804; 115,793/. 14j. 6d. for cloathing of the mHitiaio Great Britain for 1804; 61,119/. 7/. for contingencies of militia and fencibics in Great Britain and Ireland for 1804; 1,020,567/13/. 1 id. for volunteers in Great Britain and Ireland for 1804; 98,635/. irr. W. for recruiting and contingencies of forces in Ireland lor 1804; 61,037/. 3/. 9d. for general and staff officers and the medical board in Ireland for 1804; 33.464/. 74. for supernumerary officers for 1804; 167,059/. 11. 34/. for publick departments in Great Britain and Ireland and for exchequer-fees for £804; 455,464/. 9J. 3d. for increased rates for quartering foldicrs, lodging-money in Scotland, and allowance for small beer, and allowance while on a march in Ireland for 1804: 189,115/. iu. 5^. for half-pay to reduced officers of the land forces and marines for 18045 5*665/. 8j. 6/. for military allowances to reduced officers of the land forces for 18045 50,000/. for reduced officers of Briiifti American forces for 18045 1,000/. for officers late in the service of the States General for 1804: 245,048/. 15J. 8d. for Chelfea and Kiliminhara hofpitils for 1804; 27 801/. iu 5^. for officers* widows in Great Britain and Ireland for 1804; 461,887L 6s. io</. for the barrack department in Ireland for 18045 *3*53^/ 9** 3** for hospital expences in Ireland, and the royal military infirmary in Dublin for 1804; 500.000/. for volunteer corps in Great Britain for 1803; 570,000/. for 1804; $21,262/. 19s. 1 id. for foreign corps in 18045 5,854J. 19/. 1 d. for garrison companies in Weft Indies and America tor 1804 j 100,000/. for military augmentation in Great Britain and Ireland for 1804; 2,183,950/. for the barrack department in Great Britain for 1804; 339*^07/' *8.f 7d, for army cxtraordiniries for 1803; 1,400-000/. foi ditto in Great Britain, and 600,000/. for ditto in Ireland tor 1804.

a>954,i4»/*

: 804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Gborgti III. c. x10. 537

,954,141/. 5j. for ordnance for land service in Great Britain for 18043 .I3>7*9/- As* %d. for ditto in 18035 304,615/. 7/. 8d. for ditto in Ireland or 18045 64*615/. 7s, %d. for ditto inireland for 1803. 5,000,000/. for lifcbarging exchequer-bills made out under 43 Geo. 3. c. 93. 3,000,000/. or difeharging ditto made out under 43 Geo. 3. c. 36.  1,500,000/. for

iiiicharging ditto made out under 43 Geo. 3. c. 147. 1,500,000/. for lifcharging ditto made out under 43 Geo. 3. c. 146. 1,700,000/. Irilh urrency for difeharging treasury bills due in Ireland for 1804. 591,841/. ix. lod. 37. for debt of the civil lift on July 5, 1804. 6,313/. u. 8d.

Tued purfoant to addresses of the Houle of Commons. 8,798/. iu. fTucd pursuant to ditto. 8,050/. for the civil eftablilhment of Upper Canada for 1804. 7,165/. for ditto of Nova Scotia. 4,650/. for ditto of Wew Brunfwick. 1,300/. for ditto of the I (land of Saint John in America.

1,040/. for ditto of Cape Breton. 1,715/. for ditto of Newfoundland. r>iooL for ditto of the Bahama Hlands. 580/. for ditto of the Bermudas >r Somers Hlands. 600/. for ditto of the Hland of Dominica. 10,049/. is. $d* f°r ditto of New South Wales. 28,000/. for ditto of Sierra >one. 18,000/. for forts in Africa. ^8,000/. for bills from New South iVales. 149,111/. for the French, Toulonefe, Corfican, and Dutch emi-;ranta and American loyalists for 1804. 40,847/. 9/. for convidts at lome for 1804. 433/* 19}. 3d. 2q. for expences at the parliament office n 1803. *19/* 6j. to John Clementfon in lieu of apartments at the Houle >f Commons. 5,300/. 9j, 6d. for additional allowances to clerks in the luditor's office to Odt. 10, 1803. 2,701/. 9/. to Lord Waliingham as h airman of the committees of the Lords in 1803. 649/. *s. for the Thames police office. 248/. iu. 6d. for repairs of Port Patrick. 439/. i8j. or making an Index to the Journals of the House of Lords. 265,336/.

4j. 10d. 27. for (hips &c. taken at Toulon. 150,000/. for secret service or 1804. 412,000/. for sums awarded under the 7th article of the treaty kf America. 3,000/. to the British Mufeuro. 8,000/. to ditto. 11,280/. s- 2d. for the Royal Military College. 32,600/. for the Royal Military \fylum at Chelfea. 16,625/. for printing Journals of the House of Commons, Votes, Ac. 2,500/. for printing the 57th volume of the fournals of the House of Commons. 10,000/. for reprinting Journals9 ndexes, and Reports of the House of Commons. 1,767/. 15j. 10d. for rxpences in 1803 under the commission for publiihing the records of the kingdom. 8,589/. 5/. for superintendence of aliens. 1,609/. 19/. 4d, for >rofe cut ions relating to the coin in 1803, 1,700/. for ditto in 1804*

; 0,000/. for an inland navigation from the Eaftern to the Wcftem Sea. rx,34 5/. for works done at the two Houfes of Parliament and at the speaker's. 741/. iu. for work done adjoining the old Chapter-Houfe at Veftminfter. 3,010/. for repairs at the King's-Bench Priion. 30,000/. or the works at Chetney Hill. 3,000/. for the Board of Agriculture.

[,269/. 2/. for convidts at home in 1803. 10,000/. for relief of the inha*

>itants of Shetland. 10,000/. for the inhabitants of Orkney. 10,000/. or roads and bridges in the highlands of Scotland. 4,160/. 131. 6d re-nitted to Ireland for the presbyterian mini iters of Ulfter and Munfter.

,100/. for digesting and abstracting poor returns. 5,285/. i8j. 9d. for idditional allowances to clerks in the auditor's office to April 5, 1804.

1,099/. X9J* 9d> for the furniture of the Irifh office in Great, George street, Weftmioftcr. 649/. 4*- for the Thames police-office. 4541 for naking up and publiihing weekly returns of the average price of lugar to Ddt. 1,1803. 3,000/. for fees on palling publick accounts. 5,387/. 41. to r. Macdonald efquirc as commissioner under the American treaty. r,o6o/. 10J. for expences under alt for inquiring into naval abufes. 560/. or expences relative to the impi ovement of the port of London. 1.500/. or the Veterinary College. 5,531/. 17/. 6d. for land at Weeden Beck for ordnance. 4*871/. u. Ad* for losses of Sir James Wright an American oyalift. 745/. 6j. 10d. for stationary for the court of eyxhequer. 11,600/. for printing and stationary for the noufts of parliament. 7,500/. for law charges. 3,905/. for officers of the Houfes of Lords and Commons.

7,000/. for the publick office in Bow-Street. 5,945/* 10j. for protestant di (Tenting miniiters and French proteftants. 5,250/. for melfcngers of the fecrctarics of (tale, 6,965/. for contingencies of ditto. 7,371/. 15j. od. 27.

to

5^8 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. no. [1804,

to iheriffs for conri&ion of felons, &e. 914/. for ministers of (t&c Vandois churches. 7,066/. 6j. id* for land* at Woolwich and Chariton. 5.000/. for roads in North Britain. 3x3/. 16/. xx</. to S. Moore e/qnire for pre-' paring pnblick accounts of Ireland to be laid before parliament% ssi/. 101. 9d. to John Smart esquire for ditto* 1S4/. 1 ar. 4d, to Paul Lc Baa esquire for keeping corn bounties accounts. 930/. 15/. $d. to R. MarfhaU esquire for preparing accounts of imports and expons of Ireland for parliament* 184/. its. 44/. to R. Wethers!) for preparing accounts for parliament* 184/. stj. 4d. to G. Hatton esquire for the fame. 138/. 91. yL to S. Hood for the fame. 184L its. 4/. to T. Haffield efijunre for the fame. 13:076/. i8j. 6d. for expences of civil buildings in Ireland. 830^ 15/. 6d. for printing and binding a£ts of the parliament of the United Kingdom. 6,485/. 191. nd. for proclamations and adverti&ments in the Dublin Gazette, &c. 18.840/. for printing, ftatiqnary, dec. for the chief and under fecretaries. oncers, &c. in Ireland. 1,846/. 5* id. for tret-fury incidents in Ireland. 4,615/. 7/. &/. tq* for apprehendHig pobBdt offenders in Ireland. 93 076/. 18/. 6d. for criminal prosecutions, dec. in Ireland. 966/. 184. 7d. tq for expence of pratique in the port of Dublin. 1,993/. 7Si 10d. for expenditures at the gold mines in the comity of Wicklow. 683/. u. €d. %q. for doathiftg the battle-axe guards. 1,0oil oj. 3d. for doathing his Majesty's heralds foe. in Ireland. 4*615/. 7/. 8d. iq. for building churches &c. in Ireland. 4,153/. 16*. xid. for widening streets in Dublin. 9.930/. 15/. $d. for paring See. the facets of Dttbfci. 5*076/. 8s. 6d. to the Dublin iociety for promoting husbandry foe. 4,153/ 164. ud. for additional buildings at the repository of the Dublin Society, for. 1,846/- 3s. id. for expences of the forming society of Ireland. 19*93&/• 9'- 3d* for the linen and hempen manufactures in Ireland, v 18,580/. 18/. %d. for promoting Engliih protestant fchooto in Ireland. 369/. 4/. 7^. 99. fer the office of the commissioners of charitable dona-tioas. 923/* Un 6d• to the allocution for difcountcnancing vice, kc. x, 118/. 194. 8<A 39. for the female orphan-houfe near Dublin. 1,615/. 7«. 8dm 19. for a penitentiary in Dunlin. 20,769/* 4j* 7d- iq. for the foundling hospital in Dublin* 1,788/. 13J. 6d. iq. for the Hibernian ma. rifle society in Dublin. 4,153/ 16s. 10d. for the Hibernian school for fob diers' children. 6,671/. u 6J. %q* for the lock hospital in Dubfin. 475L *6/. 2d. 39. for the fever hospital in Dublin. 16.984/. 9s. &d. 09. for the houlcof mdultry in Dublin* 7*384/. 12/. 4for the Roman Catbobck seminary in Ireland. 2,136/. i8j. i id. iq. for the Lying-in Hofpital in Dublin* Supplies not to be applied to any otner than the authorised piirpofes. Rules to be obferyed in the application of the fom appropriated for half-pay. Officers employed on the staff or in garrisons may receive their half-pay on taking the oath mentioned in this afo. By 45 Geo* 3* c. 169. a certain sum was appropriated to be paid to reduced officers, the overplus of which may be disposed of aa his Majesty &afl judge proper.

k

INDEX

INDEX OF ACTS,

.. PASSED IN THE

FORTY-FOURTH YEAR OF KING GEORGE III.

Shewing whether they relate to the Whole or any Part, of the United Kingdom, v/z*

B.  Aiat  the  A3  relates  to  England.

E. See. ....... . England, Wales, and Berwick.

S. .........  .  Scotland.

G.B..................Great Britain; or England and Scotland*

I. • ................Ireland.

tJ.K. ........ • The Whole of the United Kingdom.

A.

BUSES ini publick Offices, &c. Accounts Publick. See P.

Additional permanent Force. See Military Forte. Ale Licences. See Excife Licences.

Annuities Publick'. See Loans.

Additional on certain Stock -  -

-------—■ Private. See Kilwarden, Lady*

Appropriation of Supplies, See. -  -  -

Army. See Military Force.

Attornies. See Indemnity.

Aylefauy -  -  *  -  -

B.

Bank Rejtri&ion ~  ~ -

(Andy** Dollars.)

Bark -  -  -

Bills of-Exchange. See Promiflory Notes,

Bonds. See E&.India Company. '

Britsih Currency. See Currency.

:  c.  -

Caledonian Canal ~  *  -  -

Civil Lift  ~  *  -

Clergy (Orders) ------

(See also Curates.)

Coaches. See Hackney Coaches.

Corn, Importation and Exportation, Prohibition, kc. -

----Intercourfe

----Importation and Exportation Bounties and Duties

(See *lfi Indemnity.)

Cotton Manufactures

Cap.

106.

L

99. G.B.

no, U-K.

6a E»

( 1. B.

l*i. I.

85. G?B.

6a. S.

80. U. K, 43. U.K.

4. G.B.

12. I.

6c. G.B. &r. 109. U.K.

87. E. Countervailing

INDEX OF ACTS.

Countervailing Duties -  -  -  .  -

-------------------— on Malt -  -

--------------- ■■ —-------- repealed

County Police  -

Creditors  -

Criminals (Apprehenfion and Efcape of) Curates' Relief  -

Currency Britifti (frith Duties payable in) Cuftoms (Additional) -

.------and Excife (Confolidation)

■  Additional

-------------------Regulations (additional)

-—............ —  —  —  ■  (continuing)

D.

Deacons. See Clergy.

Debtors. See Infolvents.

Defence of the Realm -

-------(And See Military Force.)

Denmark. See Mint Machinery.

Defertion. See Seamen.

Diftillation from Oats -

---------------------- repealed  -  ,  -

Docks. See Warehoufing.

Dollars (Counterfeiting) -Dublin, Archbilhop's Palace -

E.

Eaff-India Company (Bonds)

■   Prize  Goods  -

Efcape. Seamen, Offenders.

Exchequer Bills. See Loans.

Excife (Wine) -

------Licences -  -

{Aod/ee alfi Cuftoms.)

Expiring Laws -

Exportation Duty. See Linen Manufa&ure.

F.

Fees -  -  -  ‘  -

Fiffieries. Greenland (Men)

---------------------(Regulation)

•------- (Britifh) -  -

-------( Salt Duty free)  -

Foreign Ships (Importation of Hides, &c. in) Foreign Soldiers (Enliftment)

Franking Letters. See Poftage.

G.

Geneva. See Maidffone Geneva.

Greenland Filhery. -

Habeas Corpus

(And fee Traitors.)

L

H.

-  sL } 8. >G.B.

- 89-  )

-  90.

-  *4-

-  9a-

2.

-  67.

-  - . S3-

- a6,»7,

-  -  67.

103

•  -  105

*L

I.

S.

UJL

E.

I.

G.B.

:r

95. U. K.

yi. U.1L

-  -  63.  I.

-  -  j.  G.B.

•  -  72.  &

49. G.B. SS* *»

-  XO6.

-  a3-

35.86-

-  35*

-  *9*

-  75-

I.

G.B.

G.B.*

G.B.

G.B.

U.K.

ux

23. G. B. 102. E.&I.

Hackney

INDEX OF ACTS,

Hackney Coaches -  •  -  -  -  -  -  8§.  E.

Highways -  -  -  -  -  -  52.  E.

. ; ■  1/

Importation. See Foreign Ships, Neutral Ships.

Indemnity, Neutral Ships »  -  -  -  *  *  30.  U.K.

------------Oats  -  -  -  -  ...  -  11.  I.

-----------Offices,'&c. -  -  .  - -  -  -  7.  U.K.

------------Seed  Com  -  -  -  -  -  22.  G. B.

-----------Soldiers (foreign) -  -  '  -  ~  -  -  -  75-  U.K.

------—----Solicitors, Attormes, &c.  -  -  -  -  -  59.  G. B.

Innkeepers (Soldiers) * -  *  -  -  -  ‘  -  -  *  -  -  38.  E.

Infoivent Debtors  -  108.  U.K.

Iriih Militia to Great Britain. See Militia.

K.  ' .

Kilwarden (Lady) -  -  *  -  -  -  -  -  76.  I.

King. See York (Duke of)

L.

Leather Manufkdurer. See Bark.

Linen Manufacture -  -  ■  -

------Exemption from Export Duty -

Liverpool, . See Raft-India Prize Goods.

Loans, Annuities, Exchequer Bills, &c.

£. 5,000,000 (On Aids of 1804)  -

2.000. 000  (Ditto.)  . -.  -

8.000.  000 (For Service of 1804)

i. 1,500,000  (Ditto.)  *

£.14,500,000 (Annuities -  -  -  . -

£.4,500,000, (Part thereof) -£. 1,250,000 (I.C.) by Annuities or Debentures £. 2,000,000 (Exchequer Bills)

?. 2,500,000 (Exigencies) -£.  800,000  (I.C.)  Treafury  Bills

London. See Military Force. -

London Docks -  -........................

(And fee Warehoufing.)

Lotteries

Loyalty Loan. See Annuities.

-  42,69. I.

-  57.  U.K

-  • w  1 j.  G. B.

-  -  31.  G.B.

-  -  4c.  G. B.

-  46.  G.B.

47.. G.B. 47 $ 12, 20. I.

-  -  48.  I.

-  -  73.  G.B.

81. G. B. .  .  97.  1.

- 100. E.

.  -  93.  U.K.

M,

Maid done Geneva  - '

Malt, Annual Duties -

(And fee Cuftoms and.Exciie.)

------Importation of

Malta - ' -Man, Ifle of

Marriages -  -

Militia, Allowances,* (Adjutants,"&c.)

•----------(Subalterns)

Augmentation  *

Families (Amendment)

35* G. B. 16, 17. G.B. a8. J.

89. I.

'* 4. U.K. 86. G. B. 77. E.&c. f 40. E.

\ 4X* I-51. G.B. 33. L

3d. I. Militia, Irifh

INDEX OF ACTS.

jbiilitia, Irifh to Great Britain -  -  -  *

Officers -  -'  -  -

Pay and Cloathing.........................

Keduflion of •  -  •  #>  •  •

Military Force (Additional)

—-------------------(London)

Mint Machinery Exportation * Mutiny A ft (Army)

-----------(Marines)

0  1  •  3**  UX

    5®-  39-  G.B.  G.B.

    A1'  I»

    56.  K.

m  f «  1  >66.  S.

**  1  - -  &  B.  S.

m  1  0-    L  E.

m    70.  UX

    19*  UX

m  m  ftQ.  UX

N.

Navigation. See Caledonian Canal, Foreign Ships, Neutral Ships, Neutral Ships (American or Weft-Jndia Produce,) -  3°*

(And fee edfo Foreign Ships.)

Newfoundland Trade, See Paffengers.

P.

Oak Bark. See Bark.

Oats. See Diftillarion.

Offenders (efcaping) *  -  -  *  *  \

Offices Publick -Oil. Sew Rape Seed.

-----Newfoundland •  **-«*-«*

Orders. See Clergy,

Ordnance (Northamptonflrire) -  -

■ ■■ (Chatham* Woolwich,) &c*  -  -  *

r

P*

Parliament. See Aylelbury, Publick Accounts*

Paffttfigers to Foreign Parts -  -  -  -  *

Petitions, Ac. (Annual Duty.) -  -  *  -  *

Permanent Additional Force. See Military Force.

Portugal Wine. See Wine.

Pottage Duty Exemption *  -  *  *

Prieflts. See Clergy,

Promiffory Notes (for limited Sums) -  *  -  -

Property Tax (Amendment)  - -  -

{And fee Eaft-India Bonds.)

Provilions, Importation, Ac. of  - -  *

Publick Accounts...............................

R.

Rape Seed -

Rebellion (Suppreffion of) - ' -Revenue, Mode of Payment *

—i Regulation -

(See sdfo Cuftomt and Excite)

U.K. 106. L

35. G.B*

79*'<>7

^iB-

44-

*7*

UX

G.B.

-  84.  UX

f 4. G.B. I 6,91. L 3 7,83,83. G.B*

f 4. G.B.

I 12 I. 58,106. I.

*  }$•  6* B*

-  9.  I.

-  67.  L

103,105. I.

Salt.

1ftDEX OF AC?S*

. £ Salt, (andy** Filheries.)

Seal Skins •  *  »

Seamen (Defertion or Efcape of)

Ships. Set Foreign Ships, Neutral Ships.

IS Notes } ** Proraiffory Note*.

Snuff (Annual Duties) *  •

Soldiers. Set Foreign Soldiers.

Spaniih Wine. Stt Wine.

Spirits (warehoufing)

Stages. Stt Hackney Coaches. Stamp-Dudes  -

—-------------Confolidation

Statute-Duty. Set Highways.

Sugar (Annual Duties)

- (Drawbacks and Bounties) -(Plantation waxehonfing)

T.

Taxes. Stt Cuftoms and Excife, Property Tax, Stamps, See. Tobacco (Annual Duties)

Tokens. See Dollars.

Traitors (Securing)  -  *  ~  *

Treafury Bills. Stt Loans.

U&V.

Volunteers (explaining 42 and 43 Geo. 3.)  -

----------Confolidaung  former  Afb  -

....     -amended  ,  -

W.

Warehoufing Goods  *

-------------Spirits  i-

(Ste eu/o Wine.)

Wefiminfter Court-houfe -  .  -

Wine (warehoufing) -t (See alfi Excife.)

Woollen Manufacture -  -

Cap.

ICI.

35*

»3*

U.K.

G.B.

U.K*

i£. G.B.

104. G.B.&I.

68. I.

98. G. B.

17. G.B.

\ 5. G.B*

I 10. 'I.

36. G.B.

17. G.B.

8. I.

34. >G.BL 94* J

100. E,

104. G.B.&L

61. E.

14. UX

64. E.

Y.

Yeomanry. Set Volunteers.

York (Duke of)  -  *5*  G-S*

£XD OF PART I. VOL. XLV.

