THE

Statutes at Large,

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. Regis.

Being the SECOND Session of the Fourteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

by

DANBY PICKERING, of Gray's Inn, Esq;

Vol. XXXI Part II

A

TABLE

OF THE

STATUTES

PUBLICK and PRIVATE,

Passed Anno decimo

GEORGII III.

Being the Second Session of the Fourteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Cap. 1. FOR continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy six.

Cap. 2. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 3. To enable his Majesty for a limited time to call out and assemble the militia in all cases of rebellion within this realm of Great Britain, or any of the dominions thereunto belonging; and to summon the parliament in the cases and manner therein mentioned.

Cap. 4. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy six.

---

Cap. 5. To prohibit all trade and intercourse with the colonies of New Hampshire, Massachuset's Bay, Rhode Island, New York, New Jersey, Penplvania, the three lower counties on Delaware, Marysand, Virginia, North, South Carolina, and Georgia, during the continuance of the present rebellion within the said colonies respectively; for repealing an act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty to discontinue the landing and discharging, lading or shipping, of goods, wares, and merchandise, at the town and within the harbour of Boston, in the province of massachuset's Bay; and also two acts, macjc the last session of parliament, for retraining the trade and commerce of the colonies in the said acts respectively mentioned; and to enable any person or persons, appointed and authorised by his majesty to grant pardons, to iitue proclamations, in the cases, and for the purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 6. For giving a public reward unto such person or ersons, being his majesty's subject or subjects, as shall discover a northern passage for vessels by sea, between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans; and also unto such as shall first approach by sea within one degree of the northern pole.

Cap. 7. For the regulation of his majesty's marine forces while on shore.

Cap. 8. For making perpetual so much of an act, made in the eighth year of his present majesty's reign, intituled An act to continue and amend an act, made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, "An act for importation of faked beef, "port, bacon, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time \ and for "allowing the importation of salted beef, port, bacon, and butter, " from the British dominions, in America, for a limited time" as relates to the importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireland: and also another act, made in the fifth year of his present majesty's reign, intituled An act to permit tbcfree importation of cattle from Ireland.

Cap. 9. For the better relief and employment of the poor within the hundred of Forehoe, in the county of Norfolk.

Cap. 10. To enable his Majesty to make leases, copies, and grants of offices, lands, and hereditaments, parcel of the duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the Tame; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 11. To continue an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to amend and render more effectual in his Majesty's dominions in America an act passed in the present session of parliament, intituled, tc An act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters f and sir extending the provi/tons of the said act to his Majesty's marine fonts in America.

Cap. 12. To continue, for a further time, an act, made in the seventh year of his present majest/s reign, intituled An act to discontinue, for a limited time, the duties payable upon the importation of tallow, bogs lard, and grease.

Cap. 12. For the better securinga fund, belonging to certain persons or the theatre royal in drury-lane, applicable to charitable uses; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 14. For rectifying mistakes in the names of several of the i'L coin

commissioners appointed by an act, made in the last session of parliament, to put in execution an act made in the same session, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thcufandseven hundred and seventy five 5 and for appointing other of together with those named in the first mentioned act, to pvit in execution an act of this session of parliament, for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fc fenty six

Cap. 15. For the better maintaining, regulating, and employing the poor within the parish of Saint George, in the county of Middlesex; and for cleansing and lighting the squaresj streets, lanes, alleys, courts, yards, and other open passages and places; and for keeping and regulating a nightly watch within such parts of the said parish as are not within the liberty of the tower of London.

Cap. 16. For enlarging the term and powers, granted by three acts of parliament, for laying a duty of twopennies Scots upon every pint of ale and beer brewed and vended within the town of Dundee, and the liberties and suburbs thereof, for the purposes in the said als mentioned.

Cap. 17. For building a bridge across the river Severn from btntball, in the county of Salop, to the opposite shore at Madelrf Wood, in the said county 5 and for making proper avenues or roads to and from the same.

Cap. 18. For enlarging the term of letters paterit granted by his present Majesty to Elizabeth Taylor of the town of Southampton, widow, for the sole use and exercise of certain engines, tools, instruments, and other apparatus, for making blocks, (heavers, and pins, used in the rigging of ships.

Cap. 19. For defraying the charge of the pay and clothing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six.

Cap. 20. For the better supply of mariners and seamen to serve in his majesty's ships of war, and on board merchant ships, and other trading ships and vessels.

Cap. 21. To amend an at, passed in the third year of his fate majesty's reign, intituled An act for making navigable the rivet Stroudwater, in the county of gjoucester, from the river Severn, at or near Framiload to Wallbridge, near the town of Stroud, in the same county; and for giving other powers, for the purpose of making a navigation from Framiload to IF all bridge aforesaid.

Cap. 22. For rebuilding the parish church of Tardebigg, in the counties of Worcester and Warwick.

Cap. 23. For the better regulation and government of thfc pilots conducting ships and vessels into and out of the port of Boston, in the county of Lincoln 5 and for affixing and fettirvj; down mooring posts upon the banks or high marshes within or

adjoining to the haven and harbour of the said port; and fof affixing and laying dovfn bridges over the creeks upon the high marffies within or adjoining to the said haven and harbour; and for preventing mischiefs by lire in the said haven and harbour.

Cap. 24. For veiling certain estates, now held in trust for the benefit of the royal hospital for feaitien at Greenwich, in the of and governors of the said hospital, incorporated by his majesty's letters patent.

Cap. 25. For lighting and watching the streets, lanes, and Other public passages and places, within the borough of Bojion^ in the county of Lincoln \ and for removing and preventing nuisances, annoyances, and obstructions therein.

Cap. 26. For lighting and watching the villages of Camberwell and Peikham, in the county of Surrey, and certain roads therein mentioned leading thereto; and for establishing a foot patrol between Peckham and blackman-street in the borough of Southwark,

Cap. 27. For better cleansing, lighting, and watching the streets, lanes, and other public passages, within the borough of Dorchester, in the county of Dorset, and in the tithing of colliton row, in the town of Dorchester aforesaid; for paving the footways and repairing certain horseways of such parts thereof as are turnpike; and for paving the footways and repairing the horseways of such parts thereof as are not turnpike; for removing nuisances, annoyances, and obstructions therein; and for preventing houses or buildings, hereafter to be erected in the said borough and tithing, from being thatched.

Cap. 28. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from or near the town of Stourbridge, in the county of u^orcester, to join the Staffordshire and Worcestershire canal, at or near Stourton in the county of Stafford, and also two collateral cuts, one from a place called The Fens upon petifnet chase, to communicate with the intended canal near the junction of wordejlty brook with the river Stour; and the other from a place called Black Delph, upon the said chase, to join the first mentioned collateral cut at or near certain lands called The Lays, in the parifih of Kingswinford, in the said county of Stafford.

Cap. 29. For vesting in John Liardet, clerk, his executors, administrators, and assigns, the sole use and property of a certain composition or cement of his invention, throughout his majesty's kingdom of Great Britain, and in the colonies and plantations abroad, for a limited time.

Cap. 30. More effectually to prevent the dealing of deer, and o repeal several former Statutes made for the like purpose.

Cap. 31. For fecoring a fund belonging to certain persons of the theatre royal, covent-garden, applicable to charitable uses; and for other purppfps.

Cap. 32. To enable the company of proprietors of the navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, to make a navigable canal from (he said navigation, on the i'outh side^of Harecastle % in the

county of Stafford, to Froghall, and a railway from thence to or near Galion, in the said county $ and to make other railways.

Cap. 33. To remove the danger of fire amongst the ships in the port of Bristol, by preventing the landing certain commodities on the present quays; and for providing a convenient quay and proper places for landing and storing the same; and for regulating the said quay, and the lighters, boats, apd other vessels carrying goods for hire within the said port of Bristol; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 34. For granting to his Majesty several duties on coaches, and other carriages therein mentioned; and several rates and duties upon indentures, leases, bonds, and other deeds; and upon cards, dice, and newspapers; and for raising the sum of two millions by annuities, and a lottery to be attended with annuities.

Cap. 35. For raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy six.

Cap. 36. For the encouragement and improvement of the pilchard fishery carried on within the bay of Saint Ives, in the county of Cornwall.

Cap. 37. For allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to his majesty's sugar colonies in ame tua, and ro the island of Saint Helena, and to the other settlements belonging to the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and of biscuit and peas to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador; and for indemnifying all persons with respect to advising or carrying into execution his majesty's orders of council already made for allowing the exportation of wheat, and other articles.

Cap. 38. For the relief of insolvent debtors; and for the relief of bankrupts, in certain cases.

Cap. 39. For repealing a clause in an aa, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to explain, amend, and reduce into one act of parliament, the general laws now in being for regulating the turnpike roads in that part of Great Britain called England, and for other purposes 5 which relates to the counterfinking of the tyre of the wheels of all wagons, wains, and other carriages, to be used on turnpike roads; and for explaining a provision in the said act, with respect to the fellies and tyre of carriages having the fellies of the wheels of the gauge of six inches or upwards.

Cap. 40. For obliging the overseers of the poor, within the several parishes and places within that part of Great Britain called England, to make returns, upon oath, to certain questions, spe citied in the act, relative to the state of their poor; and to authorise and require the justices of the peace, within their respective divisions and jurisdictions, in the several counties and cities in England and Wales, to take inch returns ppon oath, and to cause them to be transmitted to the clerk of the parliaments.

Cap. 41. For granting a bounty upon flax seed, the growth of the United Provinces or of the Aujirian Netherlands, imported into Ireland, for a limited time.

Cap. 42. For allowing corn, grain, and flour, imported into the port of Prtston, to be landed without payment of the duties, under the like restrictionsas corn, grain, and flour is allowed to be landed at the several ports mentioned in an at, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to regulate the importation and exportation of corn

Cap. 43. To authorise, for a limited time, the punishment by hard labour of offenders who, for certain crimes, are or shall become liable to be transported to any of his majesty's colonies and plantations.

Cap. 44. For suspending for a limited time, so much of an61, made in the thirteenth year of his present majesty's reign, intituled An act to explain, amende and reduce into one all of parliament the general laws now in being for regulating the turnpike roads in that part of Great Britain called England, and for other purposes, as is to subject carriages having the fellies of the wheels thereof of less breadth or gauge than six inches, to the payment of double tolls; and for vacating contrails for leasing tolls.

Cap. 45. For enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of one million, for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 46. To enable the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury to order and allow, out of the money arising by the coinage duty, a certain sum therein mentioned, for the expense of prosecuting offenders against the laws relating to the coin, over and above the sum yearly allowed for that purpose.

Cap. 47. For the further encouragement of the whale fishery carried on from Great Britain and Ireland, and the british dominions in Europe; and for regulating the fees to be taken by the officers of the custonfrs in the island of Newfoundland.

Cap. 48. For allowing further time for the exportation of, or payment of the duties upon bugles, when warehoused upon importation into this kingdom; to empower the commissioners of the customs to order all bonds relative to that revenue, upon which no prosecutions have been had for the space of five years, (except bonds for duties, and for the good behaviour of officers in the execution of their duty) to be destroyed; and for repealing the duties upon feather beds imported into this kingdom; and for charging the same with the like duties as are payable upon feathers for beds.

Cap. 49. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking f\md, and for applying certain moneys therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy six; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; for giving further relief to the widows of commission and warrant officers of the royal navy;

and

and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, and other orders, lost, j>umt, or destroyed.

Cap. 50. To indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitred to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and or giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whole admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped; and to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attorneys and solicitors.

Cap. 51. For granting further time for allowing the drawback upon the exportation of muslins, and calicoes, imported by the eqft India company in the years one thousand seven hundred and seventy three, and one thousand seven hundred and seventy four; for allowing further time to the said company to expose tofale such bohea and finglo teas and coffee as remained unsold on the fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six; and also such bohea teas as shall be imported on or before a certain time; nd for allowing the drawbacks on the exportation of such teas and coffee; and for granting further time for allowing the drawback on the exportation of coffee imported in the ship sbrew/r bury, in the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy three.

Cap. 52. To declare his majesty's natural born subjects inheritable to the estates of their ancestors, whether lineal or collateral, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, notwithstanding their father or mother were aliens.

Cap. 53. To continue the corporation of the guardians of the poor within the isle of Wight, and to confirm the powers and authorities now vetted in the said corporation, and to provide new powers and regulations for the members of the same; and to repeal on*act passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his present majesty, intituled An act for establishing a house or houj&s of industry in the Isle of Wight, for the reception, maintenance, end employment of tyre poor belonging to the jevcral pari/bes and places within the said island.

Cap. 54. To continue an act, made in the fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, (entitled, Ati act to'prevent the committing of frauds by bankrupts \) and also an act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled. An dito prohibit the importation of light ftlr vtr coin of this realm from foreign countries into Great Britain or Ireland and to refrain the tender thereof beyond a certain Jum.

Cap. 55. To enable the trustees of certain charity lands belonging to the poor of Salford, in the county palatine of lan afer to grant building leases thereof.

Cap. 56. For supplying the borough and town of Brecbeoeh, and liberties thereof, with water; and for paving, cleansing, regulating, and lighting, the streets, lanes, and public passaget there; and for widening and making commodious some of the said streets, lanes, and passages.

Cap. 57. For paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the borough and tdwn of Weymouth and Meltombe Regis, in the county of Dorset; and for removing all encroachments, obstructionsj and annoyances therein.

Cap. 58. To explain and amend an act made in the twelfth year of his present Majesty, for pavings cleansing, lightings and watching, the streets and lanes in the town and parish of Chatham, in the county of Kent 5 and for removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein; and to extend the provisions of the said act to such parts of the high street in Chatham, as are situate in the parishes of Saint Margaret and Gillingham, and to other places adjoining or contiguous to the said town.

Cap. 59. For lighting and watching the town of Portsmouth, in the county of Southampton; and for explaining and amending an act passed in the eighth vear of his present majesty's reign, for the better paving and cleansing the streets and other publick passages in thq said town, and for preventing nuisances and annoyances therein, and for widening and rendering the same more commodious.

Cap. 60. To amend and render more effectual an act, made in the eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for opening certain passages; and for paving the streets and other places, in the parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the county of Middlesex, and for preventing annoyances therein; and for extending the powers of the said act to such part of a lane, called hog lane, as lies within the liberty of Norton falgate % in the said bounty.

Cap. 61. For erecting a lighthouse or lighthouses and landmarks in or near the port of Chester, and for placing buoys upon the banks and Ihoals leading into and in the said port $ and for regulating of pilots and persons towing or tracking of vessels to and from the city of Chester; and for fixing the rates payable for the same respectively.

Cap. 62. To enable the commissioners of sewers for several limits in the eastern parts of the county of Kentf more effectually to drain and improve the lands and grounds within the General Valleys.

Cap. 63. For widening and improving several streets in the own of mancherer\ and for opening new streets or passages within the said town.

Cap. 64. For draining, embanking, and preserving, certain fen lands and low grounds called The Parts and Alderkts, in the parishes of Glatton and Holme in the county of Huntingdon.

Cap. 65. For making the river navigable, from the rr er Trent to Btjbop's Meadow, within the liberty of Garrento

iti the county of Leicester\ and for making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from thence, near, or up, and into The rttjbfsj at Loughborough, in the said county.

Cap. 66. For making and maintaining a navigable canal, within and from certain lands, beloning to Thomas Talbot Foley Esquire, in the parish of Dudley, in the county of Worcester^ to join and communicate with the Stourbridge navigation, at a place called Black Delphi upon penfnet chase, in the parish kingfwin fori, in the county of Stafford.

Cap. 67. For enlarging the term and powers of so much of an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for repairing and widening the high roads from Basingstoke through popham lane, Sutton, Scotney, and Stockbridge, in the county Southampton, to a place called lobcomb corner in the county of Wilts; and alfa for repairing and widening the road from Spittlehouse over Weyhill to mullen's Pond, in the said county of Southampton; as relates to the roads from Bafngjioke to lobcomb corner in the county of

Cap. 68. To enlarge the term and powers of an as, passed in the twenty second year of the reign of his late Majesty, intituled An act for repairing the road from the West Cowgate, near the town of Newcastle upon Tyne, through the west end of Kenton, Pont Eland, Higham Dikes, Newham Edge, Belfay Mill, and South Middleton, to the north side of the river Wanspeck, in the county Northumberland.

Cap. 69. For continuing the term and varying the powers of two acts, palted in the third and seventeenth years of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the road from, that part of Chatham which lies next to the city of Rochester, to Scant Dunfiaris Cross near the city of Canterbury, in the county of Kent; and for amending and widening the road from the present turnpike road at or near a place called makenade-cornery in the parish of prejiony to bagham cross and Sha Imsford - lane endy in the parish of Chilham, in the said county.

Cap. 70. For continuing the term and enlarging the powers of an act, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for widening and repairing the road leading from hors ham, in the county of Sussex, through Cape!, Dorking, mickle ham, <raileatherhead, /0 tie watch house in Ebbisham, in the tetmty of Surry; and from Capel to stone street, in the parish of Ockley, in the said county of Surry.

Cap. 71. For amending and keeping in repair the road from, Doncaster to the turnpike road which leads from Bawtry to Retford in the counties of York and Nottingham.

Cap. 72. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for repairing and widening the roads, leading from the tali Rde 0/ltncoln heath, to the city of Peterborough: and from the east end of marham hne, to the town of 1 Wain

jf

Walton, in the county of Northampton; and from the town of Bourn to the town of Colfterworth; and from Donnington High Bridge, to the trofs-pofl, in the parish of Hacconby; and from toe east end of a line called h[aledrove, to and through the town of Old Sleaford, to the end of long hedge, in the parish of Quarrington, in the county of Lincoln.

Cap. 73. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for repairing and widening the road from the White stoop near tie north end of the town of Derby, through the toivm of Duffield and Chesterfield, in the county of Derby, to the town of Sheffield, in the county of York j and from the said town of Duffield to the Moot Hall in the town of wirkf worth, in the said county of Derby.

Cap. 74. For enlarging the term and powers of two acts, made in the twenty second and twenty-ninth years of the reign of King George the Second, ir repairing the road from wansford bridge, in the county of Northampton, to the town and borough of Stamford, in the county of Lincoln, and from Stamford to Bourn in the said county; and for repairing and widening the road from the north end of the bridge, to a gate called Scotgate in Stamford, and from the termination of the turnpike road in the parish of Bourn, to the market cross in Bourn.

Cap. 75. For repairing and widening the road from the market cross in the township of Clithero, to salford bridge in the town of Blackbourn, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

Cap. 76. To continue and render more effectual several acts of parliament for repairing the highways leading to Rigbgate gate koufe and Hampstead, and other roads in the Said acts mentioned, in the county of Middlesex\ and also to continue and render more effectual, An act to enable the respective trustees of the turnpike reads leading to highgate gatehouse and Hampstead, and from Saint giles's pound to Kilbourne, to make a new road from the great northern road at Islington to the Edgeware road near Paddington, so far as the same is by the said act directed to be under the care and management of the trustees of the said first mentioned acts; for making a road from the said new road, near £)ueerfs rowy to bagnigge wash, and for watching, lighting, and watering, the said roads.

Cap. 77. To enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Seconder repairing the road leading from the to wn of Ludlow, in the county of Salop, through Woofferton and Little Hereford, to a place called monk's bridge, in the said county; and also from the said town of Ludlow to a place or house gaoled The Maidenhead at Orleton, in the county Hereford.

Cap. 78. For continuing the term, and altering, explaining, and enlarging the powers of an act of the twenty sixth of King George the Second, for repairing abd widening several roads therein mentioned in the county of Worcester, and for repealing

so much of an act of the seventh year of his present Majesty, as relates to the road from Knight sford bridge to a certain house at Red Mar lay in the parish of Great Witky, in the said county, and for putting the same under the mapagement of the trustees for executing the said first mentioned act; and for amending other roads therein mentioned.

Cap. 79. For continuing and enlarging the terms and powers of two several acts of parliament respecting roads near the borough of ashburton, in the county of Devon.

Cap. 80. To enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the fifth year of his present majesty's reign, for repairing and widening the road from the Great Bridge in the borough of Warwick, through Southam and Daventry, to the town of Northampton.

Cap. 81. To enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the twenty seventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for repairing and widening the road from Leicester to Narborough, and from Leicester to Coventry, and from thence through Kenilworth to Warwick, and from thence to Halford Bridge, and from Warwick to Stratford upon Avon, and from Coventry to martyn's Gutter leading towards Stoneleigh town \ and for fapplying an omission in an act passed in the last Jeffton of parliament, for repairing the road from Leicester to aqiby de la zouch, in the county of Leicester; so far as the same relates to the Road from' Coventry, through Kenilworth to Warwick, nd from the said city of Coventry to Martyn's Gutter.

Cap. 82. To enlarge the term and powers of an act, patted In the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Second, so far as relates to repairing the road from Tadcaster to halton dyal, in the west riding of the county of dferi.

Cap. 83. For repairing, widening, and altering the road from the termination of the present turnpike road at Elfdon high cross, near the town of Elfdon, in the county of Northumberland, on the north cast side of the river Reed, through Overacres, Elifhaw, and Catcleugh, to the Red Swyre upon the mid border betwixt England and Scotland.

private acts.

1. AN act for naturalising Frederick Moiling and John George jljl Bindheifen.

2. An act for naturalising Peter Henry Baleman.

3. An act to enable the right honourable Robert Crags lord yifeount Clare, and the right honourable Wellbore Else, to take,

in

trt Great Britain, the oath of office as vice treasurer, and receiver-general, and paymader general, of all his majesty's revenues in the kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the eu joyment of the said offices.

4. An act for naturalising John Martin Fujhs.

5. An act for naturalising Francis Anthony Rougemont.

6. An act for naturalising Anthony Ten Broeie.

7. An act for dividing and enclosing certain commons, or pieces of wade ground, in the parishes of Bonsall^ Wirkfwortb9 and Matlock, in the county of Derby.

8. An act for naturalising Nis Niffen and Christopher Gabriel Marwade.

9. An act for naturalising johnwiltiam Paul and Claes Grill.

10. An act for naturalising Charles $>uijlf

11. An act for vesting certain tneituages, lands, and hereditaments, in the feverat cpunties of Durham, Middlesex, Berks, and Suffix, and in the city of London (part of the freehold and copy hold estates devised by the will of George Bows esquire deceased)) trustees, to be sold or exchanged, and for laying out the money to arise thereby in the purchase of other messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to be settled to the famq uses.

12. An act for vesting the advowson of the redory of pew fey, in the county of ipilts (part of the estate comprised in the marriage settlement of Stephen late lord Holland, deceased) in trustees and their heirs, in trud, to be sold, and for laying out the money to arise thereby in finishing and completing a man (ion house at Winterflow, in the same county.

13. An act for vesting certain leasehold pieces of ground, in the parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the county of Middle sex, together with a capital message built on part thereof, devised, by the will of sir John Hales baronet, deceased, in trustees, in trud, to assign the same to Henry Herbert esquire, pursuant to an agreement for that purpose, and for applying the consideration money in such manner as in the act is mentioned.

14. An act to subject and charge the prebend of Marston Saint Lawrence, in the county of Northampton, and the lands, tenements, and hereditaments thereunto belonging, to and with the payment of two several perpetual yearly relit charges to doctor Everard Buckworth, and his fuccenors in the said prebend; and for diveding the see simple and inheritance thereof out of him and his successors, and for vesting the same, so charged, in John Blencowe esquire, his heirs and auigns,

15. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadow, padure, and other commonable and waste grounds, within the liberties of Gunby and North ivitham, in the county of Lincoln.

j6. An act for exchanging certain lands, in the parish and liberties of Spaldwick with Uptbrope, for other lands, in the panto

till of Long Stow, in the county of Huntingdon, in the manner, jnd for the purposes therein mentioned,

17. An act for dividing and enclosing certain open common fields, ings, common pastures, and other commonable lands, within the townships of Jfferby and Goulceby, in the county of Lincofa.

18. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, and also a certain parcel or trad of common and waste land called The Link, and other common and waste land, within the manor and parish of Leigh, otherwise Lay, in the county of

Worutler.

19. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, meadows, pastures, heath, fid waste grounds, within the parish of Duflou, in the county of Northampton.

20. An act for dividing and enclosing certain open and common fields, common meadows, commonable pastures, common grounds, and commonable lands, within the parish of Lidding

and hamlet of Medbowrn, in the said parish of Liddington, in the county of Wilts.

21. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and commonable lands, within thetownship, hamlet, precincts, or liberties of Blackthorn, in the parish of Ambrofden, in the county of Oxford.

21. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, in the parish of Desborough, in the county of Northampton.

23. An act for dividing and enclosing certain open common fields, meadows, pastures, ings, and other commonable lands and waste grounds, within the parish of Raithby, near Spilsby, in the county of Lincoln.

24. An act for dividing and enclosing the several commons and waste grounds, within the manor of Rushton Speneer, in the parish of Leek, in the county of Stafford.

25. An act for dividing and enclosing the open fields, meadows, pastures, and commonable grounds, within the town ship or liberty of Sutton Saint michaets otherwise Sutton Bonington, commonly called Bonington End, in the county of Nottingham.

26. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, and other commonable lands, commons, and waste grounds, within the parish of Odel, in the county of Bedford

27. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common field, and other commonable lands and grounds lying within the parish and liberties of jvarmington, in the county of Warwick.

1$. An act for dividing and enclosing the common or waste ground, called Boreham ivbod Common, in the parish of Eljlree, Otherwise Idlefiree, in the county of Hertford.

2gti An act For dividing and enclosing the open fields, meadowy

dows, commons and waste grounds, in the parish of Becking* ham, in the county of Nottingham

An act for enabling the honourable George Hobart to enclose the heath lands, field lands, and low commons, or fen ground?, in the parish of Notion, in the county of Lintoln; and for vesting the glebe lands, vicarial tithes, and right of common, belonging to the vicarage of Notion aforesaid, in the said George Hobart, and for making a compensation to the vicar of the said parish in lieu thereof.

31. An act for dividing and enclosing the open fields, meadows, commons, and waste grounds, in the parish of Upton, in the county of Lincoln.

'22. An act for dividing and enclosing the several commons and waste grounds, within the manor of Lea, in the parishes of ashover Crick, and Southwinfield, in the county of Derby.

33. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing certain commons and waste lands, called ashwood Hay and jvall Heath, and several other parcels of waste lands and commonable places, part and parcel of ashwood Hay, situate within the manor and parish of Kingswinford, in the county of Stafford.

34. An act for extinguishing the right of soil and right of common upon certain pieces or parcels of common or waste land, in the manor and parish of Cletver, in the county of Berks; and for vesting the same in his royal highness the duke of Gloucester, his heirs and assigns, upon tlfe conditions therein mentioned.

35. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, pastures, and commonable and waste lands, within the manor and parish of Dorfmgton, in the county of Gloucester.

36. An act for dividing and enclosing the commons or waste grounds, within the vill, hamlet, or township of Little Harwood, in the parish of Blackburn, and county of Lancaster.

37. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common field, and other commonable lands and grounds, lying within the parish and liberties of Alkerton, in the county of Oxford.

38. An act to enable Francis Ferrand Moore esquire, now called Francis Ferrand Foljambe, and his heirs male, to take and use the surname and arms of Foljambe, pursuant to the wills of Francis Foljambe and Thomas Foljambe, esquires deceased.

39. An act to enable Edward John Andrews Cockayne, and hit issue, to take and use the surname and arms of Frith only, pursuant to the will of Neighbour Frith esquire, deceased.

40. An act for naturalising Charles Godfrey jvolff and Joig adamhecker.

41. An act for naturalising John Liardet.

42. An act for naturalising Lewis Vialletes Bajlide.

43. An act for naturalising John Hoffman.

44. An act for vesting several detached parts of the settled estates of sir James \ibbeijon baronet, in trustees, to be sold, and V for

for the application of the money to arise by stich sale, and other purposes therein mentioned.

45. An act for impowering Richard Hoare esquire, the surviving trustee named in the will of Mary Arnold, his heirs, executors, administrators, or assigns, to make sale of a certain copy hold messuage or tenement at Hampstead, in the county of Middlesex, with the appurtenances, and the household goods and furniture thereunto belonging, vested in him by the said will, upon certain trulls therein expressed and to invert tit money, to arise by such sale, in the purchase of lands or tener ments, to be settled in like manner.

46. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, in the parishes and liberties of Hartwell and Stone, in the county of Buds.

47. An act for ascertaining the landed property as well of th reverend the dean and chapter of the cathedral church of Christ and the Blessed Mary that Virgin at Worcester, as of others, iituat# in the hamlet of Charlton, in the parish of Cropthorn, in th county of worcejier\ and for dividing and enclosing the open common fields, and other commonable Jand^ within the fam# hamlet.

An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, and other commonable lands, in the hamlets of Bar tom and Martcleeve, in the parish of Bidford % and county of Warwick.

49. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, and all other commonable land within the parish of Great and Little Hampton, in the county of Worcester.

50. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the common fields, common meadows, and other commonable lands, in th manor and parish of North Hinifey, otherwise Ferry Hinifey, in the county of Berks.

51. An act for dividing and enclosing a certain common and waste grounds, within the parish of Brougham, in the county oc Westmoreland.

52. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common

fields, and commonable grounds, within the panlh of btunting tharpe, in the county of Leicester.

53. An act for dividing, apportioning, and enclosing the open and common fields, commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the manor and parish of Nettleham, in the county of Lincoln.

54. An act for vesting part of the estates devised by the will of Sarah Owen, spinster, deceased, in the counties of Salop, and Montgomery, on trustoes, to be sold; and for laying out the money arising by such sale, in the purchase of other messuages, lands, and hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the like uses.

55. An act for discharging part of the estate of Nicholas tvrigglefworthy and Ayfcoghe Wrigglefw or th, his eldest son, from ibe payment of 2 yearly sum of thirty-five pounds, given by sir

Ed

A

Edward Barkham, long since deceased, to charitable uses, and of and from other encumbrances; and for charging the same re (peftively upon a competent part of the estates of the said Nicholas Wrigglesworth and his son; and for veiling the residue thereof in trustees, to be sold, for the payment of debts, and other the purposes therein mentioned.

56. An act for settling certain messuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the parishes of Saint Mary le Bone and Saint Pancras, or one of them, in the county of Middlesex, to the uses agreed to be thereof limited, in the settlement made on the marriage of Jacob Hinde esquire, with Anne Thayer, now Anne Hindi, his wife, with power to make/uch leases thereof as in the said act are mentioned.

57. An act for vesting a leasehold message, in grosvenor square. the parish of Saint George Hanover square, in the county of Middlesex, bequeathed by the will of Edward Rudge esquire, deceased, in trustees, to be sold, and other the purposes therein mentioned.

58. An act to enable William Clayton esquire, during his life, and the guardians of his infant children after his decease, to make building and improving leases of certain lands and premises, part of the manor of Kensington, in the county of Story, held by letters patent from his Majesty, as part of the duchy of Cornwall; and to raise money for payment of the fines and expenses of renewing the said letters patent, and for defraying the expenses to attend the granting such building and improving leases.

59. An act for vesting part of the settled estates of John Newnham esquire, in the counties of Huntingdon, Middlesex, and Suffix, and in the cities of London and Canterbury, in trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other estates, in Iteu thereof, to be settled to the same uses.

60. An act to discharge certain lands, heretofore part of the estate and inheritance of Thomas Eyre, esquire, deceased, situate within the lordship of High Peak, in the county of Derby, from the payment of a certain fee farm relit of one hundred pounds a year; and for feturing the same on other parts of the said estate.

61. An act for enabling the trustees named in the will of William Sterne deceased, to sell and convey a leasehold estate, vested in them by the said will, upon certain trulls therein mentioned, to George Hodgkinson esquire, pursuant to articles; and to lay out the money arising by such sale in the purchase of other lands or hereditaments, to be settled to the like uses.

62. An act for enabling Christopher Sykes esquire, to raise money by way of charge or mortgage upon diverse lands and grounds, in the parish of Sledntere, in the county of York, part of the settled estates of the said Christopher Sykes, on the improvement intended to be made by him thereof; and for limiting a relit charge thereout to Elizabeth Sykes his wife, in lieu of her

life estate in part of the same lands and grounds, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

63. An act for dividing, 'allotting, and enclosing, the open undivided common fields and common pastures, within the several townships of Stonegrave, iveftness^ and Nunnington, in the north riding of the county of York.

64. An act for dividing and enclosing a common, or moor, called Wooller Common, in the parish of fvooller, in the county of Northumberland.

65. An act for dividing and enclosing the Open and common fields, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parish of Ickleford, in the county of Hertford.

66. An act for dividing, enclosing, and improving the waste and common grounds in the township of Stainburne^ in the parish of Kirby Overblow, in the county of York.

67. An act for dividing and enclosing the open arable fields, meadows, and pastures, within the township of Suttonjipon Derwent, in the cast riding of the county of York.

68. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common padures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the manor and parish of fvalgrave^ in the county of Northampton.

69. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and other commonable lands, of and jvithin the parish, and liberties of yelver toft in the county of Northampton.

70. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and other commonable lands, within the parish and liberties of Clipflon and Newbold, otherwise Nobald, in the county of Northampton.

71. An act for dividing and enclosing certain open fields, meadows, stinted common pastures, free commons, and waste grounds, within the townships of Cktrebrough and jvelham, in the parish of Clarehrough, in the county of Nottingham.

72. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and other commonable lands, within the parish and liberties of Great Bowden in the county of Leicester.

73. An act' for dividing and enclosing certain open and uncultivated lands and tracts of waste ground, called Croweomhe, Heathftld, and Heddon, and parcel of ^uantock Hills, within the parish of Crowcombey in the county of Somerset.

74. An act for dividing and enclosing several open common fields, woods, and average grounds, ings, marshes, carrs, commons, and other waste lands, and grounds, within the several manors and parishes of Cawood and jvijlow^ in the county of York.

75. An act for dividing and enclosing certain open fields, lands, and grounds, within the lord ships and parish of South and North kevingholmftsxi the county of Lincoln.

Vol. XXXI b 76. An

e '

7*6. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing of the common fields, half year enclosures, heaths, brooms, breaches, commons, and wade lands, within the parish of Coney Westen, in the county of Suffolk.

77. An act for dividing and enclosing the open or common fields, common moors, common meadows, common pastures; and other commonable lands, within the parish of Ifton, in the county of Monmouth.

78. An act for dividing and enclosing the common arable fields, common meadows, common pastures, moors, commons, and waste grounds, in the manor of Mulgrave, within the pariftt of Lyth, in the north riding of the county of York.

79. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the manor and parish of Yardley Hajlings, in the county of Northampton.

80. An act for dividing and enclosing the common arable fields, commons, and waste grounds, within the manor and township of Amotherby, in the parish of Appleton in the Strut, in the north riding, of the county of York.

81. An act for dividing and enclosing the federal open and common fields, common heath, common pasture, and waste grounds, within the manor and parish of Welby, in the county of Lincoln.

82. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, a certain common or uninclosed piece or parcel of commonable land or ground, within the' manor or parish of West Hondo, in the county of Essex.

83. An act to confirm and establish the division and indofure of an open arable field, in the parish of Screveton, in the county of Nottingham; and also several exchanges of lands within the said parish.

84. An act to dissolve the marriage of John Elliot doctor in physic, with Grace Dalrymple his now wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

85. An act to dissolve the marriage of Charles Homed esquire, with Sarah Keppel his now wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

86. An act to dissolve the marriage of Thomas Williams with Ann Lantwart his now wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

87. An act to amend an act, made and passed in the fourteenth year of his present majesty's reign, intituled, Anaftti enable John Medows the elder, gentleman, and his issue male, U take the surname and arms of Theobald, pursuant to the will if Elizabeth Theobald widow, detea fed \ and also to enable John Medowsj eldest fbn of the said John Medows, (now John Theobald) and the heirs of his body, to take the said surname, and bear the said arms of Theobald.

88. An act for naturalising Henry Lawrence Zind.

89. An act for naturalising John Alexander De mor/ter.

90. An act for naturalising Engelbert Mulbaufen.

91. An act for naturalising Marie Magdelqine Chevalier.

92. An act for vesting in trustees the settled estate of the most noble Peregrine duke of Ancqflkr and Kesteven> in the county of York, to discharge encumbrances affecting the same, and other part of the said settled estates; and for purchasing of ettates9 to be settled to the several uses therein mentioned.

93. An act for vesting the free school house, dwelling house for the matter and usher, dose, and other premises thereto be longing, in Courtenball, in the county of Northampton, in sir will Ham Wake baronet, and his heirs, upon the conditions therein mentioned.

94. An act for the sale of the estates of sir Chariot Whitwortbr in the county of Somerset and for exonerating the same, and his estates in the county of Kent, from the portions of his younger children, provided by his marriage settlement.

95. An act to enable William Masterman and Thomas Francis, esquires, to make a title tocertain leasehold and copyhold estates of Thomao Nuthali esquire, deceased.

96. An act for sale of part of the estates late of John Leigh.

clquire, deceased, for payment of mortgages, and other debts, to which the said estates are liable; and for other purposes therein mentioned' '

An act for vesting the settled estates of Robert Dolman esquire, and Robert Dobnan the younger, in Pocklington andlfe woere, in the county of York, in trustees, to be sold 5 and for laying out the money arising by such sale in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same uses:

98. An act for vesting an estate in the county of Middlesex, was settled by Richard Onslow esquire, deceased, on his marriage with Poolley Walton, in trustees, in order that the same may be conveyed to Matthew Winter and his heirs, pur scant ter an agreement made by him for the purchase thereof \ and for investing the purchase money in three per centum consolidated bank annuities; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

99. An act for confirming the settlements made by Charles Vtre Dashwood esquire, satisfaction of certain articles entered into by him previous to his marriage, and during his infancy; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

100. An act for vesting the settled estates of William upfolj, gentleman, in the county of Middlesex, and city of London, in trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other lands and hereditaments, to be settled to the same uses.

101. An act for vesting two sixth parts of the estates late of Stanhope Mason, gentleman, deceased, in England and Ireland, in trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other estates, to be settled in lieu thereof,

t k 2

102. An act for vesting several estates late of Samuel Shephard of Exning, in the county of Suffolk esquire, deceased, in trustoes, to be sold; and for purchasing other estates, to be conveyed to the like uses; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

103. An act for dividing and allotting certain open and common fields, downs, and commonable grounds, in the tithing or liberties of Eaflbuij, otherwise Ifiury^ and Blagrove^ in the pafrth of Chipping Lambome, in the county of Berks.

104. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and other common able lands, of and within the parish and liberties of Critic in the county of Northampton.

105. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and in Over Weedon Beck and Nether Weedon Beck within the parish and liberties of jvoeden Seek, in the county of Northampton.

106. An act for dividing and inclosing certain oppn common fields, stinted pastures, ami common moors or waste grounds, within the manor and parish of corhdge, in the county of Not thumberlond.

107. An act for dividing and inclosing the open arable fields, meadows, pastures, carrs, and other open lands and grounds, within the township of Foston, in the east riding of the county of York.

108. An act for dividing and inclosing the several open fields, common pastures, common and other waste lands and grounds, within the township of Bilton, in the county of York.

log. An act to dissolve the marriage of sir Thomas Charles Brno bury baronet, with the right honourable lady Sarah Lenox his now wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

no. An act for revefting part of the real and personal estates of the most noble George duke of Saint Albans in him, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

111. An act for vesting the real estates comprised in the marriage settlement of Thomas lord Montforti situate in the counties of Cambridge and Suffolk, and the woods, underwoods, timber, and other trees, growing and being thereon, in trustees, and their heirs, 10 trust, to be sold and disposed of in manner therein mentioned; and for applying the moneys to arise by sale thereof in the manner therein also mentioned.

112. An act for the sale of a Jeafehqld estate, late belonging to sir John Abdy baronet, deceased, at Btjbofs Cannings in the county of fvtfts, and of timber trees growing on his estates in the county of Essex and also of his medals and coins, for paying off and discharging certain encumbrances affecting his real estates in Essex; and for laying out the residue of the moneys arising by such tale in the purceafe of lands, to be settled to the same uses as his estates in Essex now stand settled by bjs will.

113. An act for applying the money to arise by sale of Certain mefibages situate in Cheapside, in the city of London, be vised by the will of Edmund Efiaurt esquire, deceased, to trustees, to be sold, in the building a mansion houseupon the fete'ed'estates late of the said Edmund Efcourt, at Shipron Moyne and Bevel, in the county of Ghuctfer, together, with the anerials of the ancient mansion house now Handing thereon.

114. An act for vesting the settled estates of Peter John mey fwarf esquire, in the ffieef Man, cahcri The Nunnery, in trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the money arising by inch tale in the purchase of lands and hereditaments, in that put of Great Britain called England, to be settled tn lieu of the said estates in the jjkef Man, intended to be sold.

115. An act sot vesting certain manors, messuages, hndvand hereditaments, in thefevml counties of jiftddlefox % Surrey, Southampton, and Norfolk, the freehold, copyhold, and leasehold estates, late of John Albert Bentinck esquire, deceased, in trustees in trust, to sell, mortgage, or exchange, any part or parts thereof \ and for applying the money to arise thereby in discharging encumbrances, and making ouildings and improvements on the said estates, and in completing purchases of lands agreed forby the hid John Albert Bentinck, and for other purposes; and for laying out the residue of such money in the purchase of other manors, lands, or hereditaments, to be settled to the same uses as are now subsisting concerning the same.

116. An act for vesting part of the settled estates of Henry sta pihen esquire, at Wighill, in the county of the city of York, in the said Henry stapiuon, in fee simple; ancf for settling in lieu thereof other land and hereditaments of the said Henry stapil ten, lying contiguous to, and interspersed with the remainder of the said settled estates, and also the tithes thereof and of such remainder, to the same uses.

117. An act to enable certain persons, during the successive minorities of sir William Molesworth baronet, and his brothers, to grant leases of the estates devised to them by the will of sir tviu liam Monte baronet, deceased.

118. An act for vesting certain estates in the counties of Wilts and Somerset, late belonging to John Smith esquire, deceased, in trustees, to be sold for payment of his debts, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

119. An act for settling and securing certain parts of the lands and barony of Corfemichael, called Greenlaw, and others, lying in the stewartry of Kirkcudbright, to and in favour of Ifibel Gordon of Culvetwan, widow of William Gordon of Greenlaw esquire, for her life, and to and in favour of Alexander Gordon of Culvennan esquire, her eldest son, and the same series of heirs, in fee tail, and under the same conditions and limitations as are mentioned and contained in a deed of entail, made in the year one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, by John Macculloch of Barbolm, and Jean Gordon his wife; and for vesting in the aforesaid Alexander e Gordon

Gordon and his heirs and assigns, in fee simple, the estate of qd vemtan, and others, lying in the county of Wigton, together with the him of one thouund nine hundred and seventy one pounds sterling.

120. An a to enable John Whitfield esquire, to charge part of his settled estates in the county of Northampton, in the manner therein mentioned.

121. An act to enable the rector of the parish church of Ha

therop, in the county of Gloucester, to exchange part of his glebe lands there, for other lands more conveniently situated, the property of Samuel Blackwell esquire, in the hamlet, of williamjirip, adjoining to the said parish of Hather

122. An act to dissolve the marriage of the reverend John tins clerk, with Mary Jenkins his now wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

END of the TABLE.

THE

STATUTES at Large, canno

regni GEORGII III. Regis, Magna Britannia, Francia,

decimo sexto.

AT the parliament begun and held at Westminster, the twenty-ninth day of November,

Amo Domini 1774, in the fifteenth year of the reign of our sovereign lord GEORGE Third, by the

grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland,

King, defender of the faith, C And from thence

continued by several prorogations, to the twenty sixth

day of October, 1775; being the second session of the fourteenth parliament of Great Britain,

CAP. 'I.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year on thouund seven hundred and seventy six.

CAP. II.

An act for punishing mutiny and desertion \ for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

CAP. III.

An act to enable his Majesty for a limited time to toll out and assemblt the militia in all cases of rebellion within this realm of Great Britain, or any of the dominions thereunto belonging; and to summon the parliament in the cases and manner therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by on act made in the second year of the reign

his present Majesty, (entitled, An adito explain', amend, igeo.j. and reduce into one at or parliament the several laws now in recited, being, relating to the raising and training the militia, within that part of Great Britain called England it i;, amongst other things

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c.[177s.

enabled That in case of actual invasion, V upon imminent danger thereof or in case of rebellion, it may and shall be lawful for his majesty, his heirs and successors, [the occofton being first communicated to parliament, if the parliament shall be then sitting, or declared in council and notified by proclamation, if no parliament shall be then fittingf or in being) to order and direct his or their lieutenants and deputy lieutenants therein mentioned, with all convenient speed, to draw out and embody all the regiments and battalions of militia of their re jpefiive counties, ridings, or pizm, or so many of them as his Majesty his heirs and successors> hall judge necessary, in such manner as shall be befi adapted to the circumstances of the danger, and to dir eft them to be employed in such manner as is therein more particularly mentioned: and whereas it might be of great public utility, that the militia of this kingdom should be drawn out embodied, and employed as aforesaiay upon occasion of the present rebellion in America, or of any rebellion that may hereafter arise in any of the dominions of toe crown of Great Britain, that his Majesty may be the better enabled to employ his other forces for the fiupprejfing of such rebellion, and at the same time to provide for the defence of these kingdoms; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the hi$majesty, same, That in all cases of rebellion within this re*im of Great C in case of Britain, or any of the territories or dominions thereunto belong r^lhon.may ing? (the occasion being first communicated, declared, and noti niilitia^ the as ns prov1ded), it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to order and direct all the regiments and battalions of militia, of the respective counties, or places in this kingdom, or so many of them as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall judge necessary, to be drawn out, embodied, led, and employed, in any parts of this kingdom, in such manner and upon the like terms, conditions, and regulations, to all purposes and effects whatsoever, as in the said a are provided in the cases therein mentioned,

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore and n(ternble said. That if at any time (in case of any rebellion within this the pariia realm of Great Britain, or any of the territories or dominions inent, on thereunto belonging), the parliament shall happen to be fepa* ay rated by such adjournment or prorogation, as will not expire within fourteen days, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to issue a proclamation for the meeting of the parliament, upon such day as he or they shall thereby appoint, giving fourteen days notice of such appointment, and the parliament shall accordingly meet upon such da), and continue to (it and aft in like manner, to all intents and purposes, as if it had flood adjourned or prorogued to the same day.

in, Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore this a to said. That this act shall continue and be in force for the space

continue in of seven years, and from thence to the end of the then next fef*

)eauf0rseven on^and no longer,

*77*50 Anno decimo sexto. Georgii IIIC. 4, 5. 135

CAP. IV.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the fervke of the year one thousand seven hundred y and seven ty iix. Four Shillings In the pound.

CAP. V

An act to prohibit all trade and intercourse with the colonies of New Hampshire, massachuset's Bay, Rhode Island, Connecticut,

New York, New Jersey, j^ensylvania, the three lower counties oh Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, during the continuance of thr present rebellion within the said colonies respectively; for repealing an act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to discontinue the landing and discharging, lading or shipping, of goods, wares, and merchandise, at the town and within the harbour of B oft on, in the province of massachuset*s Bay; and also two acts, made in the last session of parliament*for refraining the trade and commerce of the colonies in the said acts respectively mentioned; and to enable any person or persons, appointed and authorised by his Majesty to grant pardon s, to issue proclamations, in the cases and for the purposes therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS many persons in the colonies New Hampshire, massachuset's Bay, Rhode Island, connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Pensylvania, the three lowes counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, have Jet themselves in open rebellion and defiance to the just and legal authority of the king and parliament of Great Britain, to which they ever have been, and of right ought to be subject; and have cjfimbled together an armed force, engaged his Majestfs troops, and attacked his forts, have usurpedthe powers of government, and prohibit ti all trade and commerce with this kingdom, and the other parts of his Majesty's dominions: for the more speedily and effectually sup pressing such wicked and daring designs, and for preventing any aid, supply, or affstance, being sent thither during the continuance of the said rebellious and treasonable commotions, be it therefore declared and enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au, of the same, That all manner of trade and commerce is All trade and and shall be prohibited with the colonies of New Hampfbtre, commerce Massachuset's Bay, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York, New str ^ouvcolon^s" fey, Pensylvania, the three lower counties on Delaware, Mary prohibited,* land, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, anii* Georgia, and on pain of for that all ships and vessels of or belonging to th inhabitants of future of vef the said colonies, 'togethef with their cargoes, apparel, and fur j cargoes, niture, and all other ships and vessels whatsoever, together with their cargoes, apparel, and furniture, which shall be found trading in any port or place of the said colonies, or going to trade, or coming from tracting, in any such port or place, shall become forfeited to his Majesty, as if the same were the ships and

L 3 effefle

136 Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 5. [1776.

effects of open enemies, and shall be so adjudged, deemed, and taken in all courts of admiralty, and in all other courts whatsoever.

[Proviso.]

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared

by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to such ships and vessels as shall be actually retained or employed in his majesty's service, or to such ships and vessels as shall be laden with provssions for the / use of his majesty's fleets, armies, or garrisons, or for the use of the inhabitants of any town or place garrisoned or possessed by any of his majesty's troops, provided the mailers of such ships and vessels respectively shall produce a licence in writing, under the hand and seal of the lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or of three or more of for the time being for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, or of the commanders of his majesty's fleets or armies, or of the governor, lieutenant governor, or commander in chief of any of his majesty's colonies or provinces not herein before mentioned, specifying the voyage in which such ship or vessel shall be employed, and expressing the time for which such licence shall sublist and be in force, and also expressing the quantity and species of the said storesand provisions on boa^d: and it any goods, wares, or merchandizes, other than (lores and provisions for his majesty's use, or provisions for the use of the inhabitants of any town or place garrisoned and possessed by his majesty's n troops, hall be found on board such ships or vessels, (the

necessary (lores for the ship's use, and the baggage of the pafc fengers, only excepted), in any or either of those cases, the said goods, wares, and merchandizes shall be forfeited, and shall and may be (Seized and prosecuted in the manner herein after directed.

III And) for the encouragement of the officers and seamen of lit Sole property Majestfs fhtps of war, be it further enacted, That the flag offi of all prizes Cers, captains, commanders, and other commissioned officers in cj^to m lhc majesty's pay, and also the seamen, marines, and soldiers on*r board, shall have the Cole interest and property of and in all and every such ship, vessel, goods, and merchandise, which they shall seize and take, (being first adjudged lawful prize in any of his majesty's courts of admiralty), to be divided in such proportions, and after such manner, as his Majesty shall think fit to order and direct by proclamation or proclamations hereafter to be issued for those purposes. r

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, maybe poton That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said flag officers, board hisma captains, and commanders respectively, to cause to be taken or jesty's ships, put on board any of his majesty's ships or vessels of war, or on board any other ships or vessels, all and every the masters, crews and their an ot^er persons, who shall be found on board such ship and names entered P.S. as hah he fe, zcc* an taken as prize as aforesaid; and also on the ships to enter the names of such of the said mariners and crews, upon books. the book or books of his majesty's laid hips or vessels as they,

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. t$f

the said flag oncers, captains, and commanders, shall r$spe&ivtly think fit; from the rhyme and times of which said entries re spetsively, the said mariners and crews shall be considered, and they are hereby declared to belong to, and to be as. much in the service of his Majesty, to all intents and purposes, as if the said mariners and Crews bad entered themselves voluntarily to serve on board his Majesty's said ships and vessels respectively; and also that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said flag officers, captains, and commanders respectively to detain or cause to be detained and kept, the masters and other persons, and also such others of the mariners and crews of the said prize ships as shall not be entered upon the books of his majesty's ships or vessels of war as aforesaid, in and on board any ship or ships vesselor vessels whatsoever, until the arrival of such last mentioned ships or vessels in some port in Great Britain or Ireland, of > in any port of America not in rebellion 5 and upon the arrival of Those wfcofe those ships or vessels in any such port the commanders thereof names are not are hereby respectively authorised and required immediately to jj

set the said lad mentioned mariners and crews, and also the said gr°a" Britain mailers and other persons, at liberty on shore there. ev.

Andy for the more speedy proceeding to condemnation or other determination of any prizeyjhipy or vessely goodly or merchandizes to be taken as aforesaid, and for lessening the etcpences that have been usual in the like cajeiy be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the judge or judges of such court of admiralty or Judge in other person or persons thereto authorised, shall, within the space co." rj*0^ of five days after request to him or them for that purpose made, ^, proceed°iri finish the usual preparatory examinations of the persons com condemnation monly examined in such cases, in order to prove the capture to of prises, be lawful prize, or to inquire whether the Same be lawfut prize or not; and that the proper monition usual in such cases shall be issued by the person or persons proper to iflbe the same, and shall be executed in the usual manner by the person or persons proper to execute the same, within the space of three days after request in that behalf made; and in case no claim of such capture, ship, vessel, or goods, shall be duly entered or made in the usual form, and attested upon oath, giving twenty days notice after the execution of such monition; or if there be such claim and the claimant or claimants shall not within five days give Sufficient security (to be approved of by such court of admiralty) to pay double costs to the captor or captors of such ship, vessel, or goods, in case the same so claimed shall be adjudged lawful prize, that then the judge or judges of such Court of admiralty shall (upon producing to him or them the said examinations or copies thereof, and upon producing to him or them, upon oath all papers and writings which shall have been found taken in or with such capture, or upon oath made that nd ipch papers or writings were found) immediately, and without further delay, proceed to sentence, either to discharge and acquit such capture or to adjudge and condemn the same as lawful prize, according as the case shall appear to him or them upon perusal of such preparatory

d

38 Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 5.' [1776.

examinations, and also of the other lad mentioned papers and writings found taken in or with such capture, if any such papers or writings shall be found; and in case such claim I shall be duly entered or made, and security given thereupon according to the tenor and true meaning of this act, and there shall appear no occasion to examine any witnesses other than what shall be then near to such court of admiralty, that then such judge or judges shall forthwith cause such witnesses to be examined within the space of ten days after such claim made and security given, and proceed to such sentence, as aforesaid, touching such capture: but in case, upon making or entering such claim, and the allegation and oath thereupon, or the producing such papers or writings as shall have been found or taken in or with such capture, or, upon the said preparatory examinations, it shall appear doubtful to the judge or judges of such court of admiralty, whether such capture be lawful prize or not,

and it shall appear necessary, according to the circumstances of the case, for the clearing and determining such doubt, to have 1 an examination, upon pleadings given in by the parties and admitted by the judge, of witnesses that are remote from such court of admiralty, and such examination shall be desired, and that it be still infilled on, on behalf of thrcaptors, that the said capture is lawful prize, and the contrary be still persisted in on prizes to be the claimants behalf; that then the said judge or judges shall appraisedj forthwith cause such capture to be appraised by persons to be named by the parties and appointed by the court, and fwora truly to appraise the same according to the bed of their (kill and knowledge; for which purpose the said judge or judges shall cause the goods found on board to be unladen, and, an inventory thereof being first taken by the marshal of the admiralty or his deputy, shall cause all such parts of the goods and merchandise as are perishable commodities to be sold by public sale, for the clear amount of which only the captors shall be answerable to the claimants, and the remainder of them to be put into proper warehouses, with separate locks, of the collector and comptroller of the customs, and, where there is no comptroller, of the naval officer and the agents or persons employed by the captors and claimants, at the charge of the party or parties desiring the same; and, on par and shall, after such appraisement made, and within the space of ties giving fuf fourteen days after the making of such claim, proceed to take ficient securi good and sufficient security from the claimants to pay the cap vered to the"tors va*ue thereo*> according to such appraisement, in

claimants case the same shall be adjudged lawful prize; and shall also proceed to take good and sufficient security from the captors to pay such costs as the court shall think proper, in case such ship shall not be condemned as lawful prize, and, after such securities duly given, the said judge or judges shall make an interlocutory order for releasing or delivering the same to such claimant or daimants, or his or their agents, and the same shall be actually jreleased or delivered accordingly,

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 5. ij)

laid. That if any claimant or claimants shall refuse to give such 1c claimants security, the judge or judges shall cause the captor or captors in rcfl?fc fuckl^like manner to give good and sufficient security to pay the said cuntyf claimant or claimants the full value thereof according to theap praisement, in case any such capture or captures shall be adjudged not to be lawful prize; and the said judge or judges shall Prize to be de thereupon proceed to make an interlocutory order for the re 1, vered to the leasing and delivering the same to the said captor or captors, or captors their agents.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Books, papers. That all books, papers, and writings, found in any ship or vef found id fel taken as prize, shall without delay, upon the oath of the^brooahtiil captor, be brought into the registry of the court of admiralty to theadrai wherein such ship or vessel may be proceeded against in order to ralty court condemnation; but that such only of the said books, papers, C

and writings, shall be made use of and transiated, as shall be agreed or infilled upon by the prodtors of the several parties, captors or claimants, or, in case of no claim, by the captor or register, to be necessary for ascertaining the property of such ship or vessel, and the cargo thereof, and the destination of the voyage.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, All captures That all such captures as aforesaid, which shall be brought into brought into any of his majesty's dominions in America, in order to be pro any.of ceeded against to condemnation in any of his vice admiralty

courts, shall, without breaking bulk, stay there, and be under the merica*to be joint care and custody of the collector and comptroller of the under the care custoras, or, 'where there is no comptroller, of the naval officers f the colledbr of the port or place where the same shall be brought, and all orc the captors thereof, and their agents, subject to the directions of the court of vice admiralty, until either the same shall, by final sentence, have been either cleared and discharged, or adjudged and condemned as lawful prize, or that such interlocutory order as aforesaid, shall have been made for the releasing or delivering of the same unto such person or persons, and to be so divided and disposed of, as his Majesty, his heirs and successors,

shall, by proclamation or proclamations hereafter to be issued for those purposes, order and direct.

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by thepfovife. authority aforesaid, That no captures which shall be taken by virtue of this act, shall be carried into any of the colonies or plantations m America herein before particularly mentioned, during and so long time as such colonies or plantations respectively shall continue in a state of rebellion.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Any judge, or if any judge or judges, or other officer or officers, in any of his other officer, Majesty colonies or dominions abroad, to whom respectively it shall appertain, shall delay the doing, performing, making, ordut3r> pronouncing any of the several proceedings, matters, or things, for, towards, or relating to, condemning or discharging, releasing or delivering, of any such capture in manner aforesaid, within

cantio

decimo sexto Georgii III. c.£.

[1776.

in the respective times herein before limited, or as soon as the same ought to be done, according to the tenor and true meaning of this at, all and every such judge and judges, and other officer and officers, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of to forfeit 500l. five hundred pounds) one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof, with full costs of suit, to such person or persons who shall inform or sue for the same, in any of his majesty's courts in any of his colonies or dominions wherein such offence shall be committed.

No register,

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That^hi any # no register or deputy register, nor any marshal or deputy mar ndty shallaft or belonging to any of his majesty's courts of admiralty

a advocate, or vice admiralty whatsoever, shall either directly or indirectly,by himself of themselves, or by any agent or agents, or other person or persons whatsoever, actor be concerned in any manner, either as an advocate or prodlor, in any cause, matter, or business whatsoever, that shall be depending in any such court or courts of admiralty, to which such register, deputy register, mar ihal, or deputy marshal, shall then belong; and that every register, deputy register, marshal, or deputy marshal, who shall be guilty of such offence, (being thereof lawfully convicted, either on penalty of upon an information or indictment) shall from thenceforth absolutely forfeit his respective office and employment of register, deputy register, marshal, or deputy marshal, in and belonging to the same court.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there shall not be paid unto or among all the judges and officers of any court of vice admiralty in any of his majesty's dominions, for, towards, or relating to, the adjudging or condemning of such capture as aforesaid, as lawful prize, above the sum of ten pounds, in case such prize ship or vessel be under the burden f one hundred tonnes, nor above the sum of fifteen pounds, in case the same be of that or any greater burden; ani that, upon payment of either of the said respective Turns, as the case shall require, to the said judge or judges, or any of them, to be by him or them disposed or divided, as he or they shall think fjt, among the officers of such court, such judges and officers, and every of them, shall be liable to all and every of the several penalties hereby imposed for neglecting or delaying to do and perform their several and respective duties or offices in and relating to the several proceedings aforesaid, within the respective times herein for that purpose limited.

XIII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any captor or captors, claimant or claimants, shall not rest satisfied with the sentence given coramimon n court f vice admiralty in any of his majesty's dominions,

erg, within it shall and may be lawful for the party or parties thereby aggrieved to appeal from the said court ot vice admiralty to of appointed, or to be appointed, under she great seal of Great Britain, for receiving, hearing, and determining appeals in causes of prizes, so as the same be made within fourteen days

rn; forfeiting his

office.

feei to be taken by the officers in'courts of vice admiralty.

Parties dissatisfied, may appeal to commission

cays after femence.

i77*\j Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 141

after sentence, and good Tecurity be likewise given by the appellant or appellants, that he or they, will effectually prosecute such appeal, and answer the condemnation, and also pay treble costs, as shall be awarded in case the sentence of such court of vice admiralty be affirmed j provided that the said captor or captors, claimant or claimants, do, within six months after sentence passed, give notice to the said court of vice admiralty that they have appealed from such decree to the said of.

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the execution of any sentence soap Execution of pealed from as aforesaid, shall not be suspended by reason of such any sentence appeal, in case the party or parties appellate shall give sufficient security, to be approved of by the court in which such sentence of ap shall be given, to restore the ship, vessel, goods, or effects, con peal, C cerning which such sentence shall be pronounced, or the full value thereof, to the appellant or appellants, in case the sentence so appealed from shall be reversed.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Person ap in case any person who was not a pasty in the first instance of the P cause, shall interpose in an appeal from a sentence given in any jjdr chdm vice admiralty court, such person, or his or her agent, shall at the same time enter his or her claim, otherwise such appeal shall be null and void.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any commander or commanders, officer or officers, penalty on of men, marines, fomiers, or others, shall break bulk on board, or ficers, teamen, embezzle any of the money, jewels, plate, goods, mercharldise, C who (halt tackle, furniture, or apparel, of or belonging to such prize or ^ybej^i^0* prizes so taken, such commander, officer, seaman, marine, fol C belonging dier, or others, shall forfeit treble the value of all such money, to any prize jewels, plate, goods, merchandise, tackle, furniture, or apparel, as he or they shall embezzle: one third part thereof to be to the use of Greenwich hospital, and the other two third parts thereof to him or them who shall sue for the same, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any court of record in Great Britain, in which noeffoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all appraisements and sales of any ship or ships, goods, appraise wares, or merchandizes, as shall be taken, as prizes, shall be mentsandfales made by agents, or persons nominated and appointed in equal °* to be numbers by the flag officers or flag officer, captains or captain, ^ents ap ©fficers or officer, ship's companies or ship's company, and others pointed byflag entitled thereunto j (that is to say). That if the flag officers or officer, C flag officer of any fleet or squadron of ships as shall take arty such prize or prizes, or the majority of such flag officers (if more than one) shall nominate and appoint one or more person or persons, agent or agents, to sell or appraise the same as aforesaid, then the captains and commanders, or captain or commander, enfi titled thereunto, or the majority of them (if more than one), shall nominate and appoint the like number of persons or agents

i42

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 5. [1776.

to act for them; and all the other officers under the degree of a captain and commander entitled thereto, or the major part of tfietq, shall also nominate and appoint the like number of per ions or agents to act for themj and all the crews of the several ships companies of the fleet or squadron, or ship's company, and others entitled thereto, or the major part of them, shall like wise nominate and appoint the same number of persons or agents to ad in their behalf in such appraisement or sale.

[Agents shall

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person or persons who shall be nominated register their and appointed agent or agents as aforesaid, for any prize or letters of at priZC810 so taken by any ship or ships, vessel or vessels of war, fixn^nths m and which prize or prized shall be condemned in the high court after sentence of admiralty in Great Britain or in any of the courts of vice of condemns admiralty in any of his majesty's dominions where the said prize tien, or prizes, and every of them, shall be condemned, shall exhibit

and cause to be registered in the said high court of admiralty, or In the respective courts of vice admiralty in any of his majesty's dominions where the said prize and prizes, and every of them, shall be condemned, his or their respective letter or letters of attorney, appointing him or them agent or agents for the purposes aforesaid; and if any person or persons so appointed agent or agents as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect so to do, for the space of six calendar months next after sentence of condemnation of any prize shall be given in the said high court of admiralty id Great Britain, or in any vice admiralty court in his majesty's dominions for the care and distribution of which he or they shall be appointed agent or agents such person or persons so refusing

r forfeit 500l. or neglecting, shall forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds, to

be recovered by him or them who shall sue for the same, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any court of record in Great Britain, or in any other of his majesty's dominions, in which no essoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XIX. Provided always, That if any agent Or agents shall be appointed after the time any sentence of condemnation in any of the said courts of admiralty or vice admiralty shall be given, such agent or agents shall, under the aforesaid penalty, register, or cause to be registered, in manner aforesaid, his or their respective letter or letters of attorney, appointing him or them agent or agents as aforesaid, within the space of six calendar months after the date of the said letter or letters of attorney.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Manner of

That after the sale or sales of any prize or prizes which shall be

giving public taken in pursuance or by virtue of this act, public notification

nofificationt or notifications shall be given and published in such manner as alter sale ot*.____ r*__________jr

is herein after particularly mentioned; (that is to say). If the prize or prizes shall be condemned in his majesty's high or other court of admiralty in Great Britain, then the person or persons, agent or agents, to be appointed in pursuance of this act, for the appraisement and sale of such prize or prizes, shall insert and

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 5i

publish, or cause to be inrerted and published, such notification under his or their hand or hands respectively in the London Gazette, and if condemned in any court or courts of admiralty or vice admiralty in any other or his majesty's dominions, then such person or persons, agent or agents as aforesaid, shall insert and publish, or cause to be inserted and published, such notification, under his or their hand or hands respectively, in the gazette, or same other news paper of public authority, of the island or place where the prize or prizes shall be condemned 5 and if there shall be no gazette or such other news paper pub liftied there, then in some or one of the most public news papers of such island or place for the time being; and all persons or agents publishing, of causing to be published, every such notification respectively, shall deliver to the collector, customer, or searcher for the time being, of his majesty's customs, redding at, or belonging ta the port or place where the prize or prizes shall be condemned, or the lawful deputy or deputies of such collector, customer, or searcher; and if there shall be no such collector, customer or searcher, then such persons or agents as aforesaid, shall deliver to the principal officer or officers of the port or place where the prize or prizes shall have been condemned, or to the lawful deputy or deputies of such principal officer or officers, two of the gazettes or other news papers in which such notification shall be so inserted and published; and if there shall not be any public news papers in any such island or place, then such per fonor persons, agent or agents, shall give two such notifications, 'in writing, under his or their respective hand or hands, to the said collector, cudomer, or searcher, or the deputy or deputies of such collector, cudomer; or searcher, or, where there shall be no such collector, customer, or searcher, to such principal officer or officers, or his or their deputy or deputies as aforesaid; and every such collector, customer, or searcher, and principal officer or officers, or such deputy or deputies, shall subscribe his or their name or names on some conspicuous part of both the said gazettes, news papers, or written notifications respectively, and by the first ship which shall fail (after his or their receipt of such gazettes, news papers, or written notifications respectively) from such port or place to any port of Great Britain, shall transmit or send to the treafuirer of Greenwich hospital, or the deputy of such treasurer for the time being, one of the said gazettes, news papers, or written notifications, with his or their name or name so subscribed to and upon the same respectively, to be there registered, and shall faithfully preserve and keep the other of the said two gazettes, news papers, or written notifications, with his or their name or names subscribed as aforesaid, in his or their custody; and that in every such printed or written notification as aforesaid, the said person or persons, agent or agents, shall insert or specify his or their place or places of abode, and the precise day of the month and year appointed for the payment of the several and respective shares of the prize or prizes to he captors; and all fqch notifications with respect to prizes which shall be condemned in Great Britain, shall be published

*44 Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 5.

[177^.

in the London Gazette, three days at lead before any part or parts, share or proportion of any such prize or prizes mall be paid to, any person or persons entitled thereto $ and all such notifications, with respect to prizes condemned in any other part of his majesty's dominions, shall be delivered to the said collector, ct ftomer, or searcher, or principal officer or officers aforesaid respectively, or such respective deputy or deputies, three days at lead before any part or parts, share or proportion of any such prize or prizes shall be paid to any person or persons entitled thereto: after which several and respective notifications, if any men's shares shall remain in the hands of the persons or agents appointed as aforesaid, either belonging to such men as shall be run from his majesty's service, or which shall not be legally demanded within three years, then such share or shares so remaining in the persons or agents hands, or belonging to such men as shall run from his majesty's service, shall go and be paid to the use of Greenwich hospital.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or agent, to be appointed for appraisementor wsmentor* any pr*3c or p^zes which shall be seized and taken as

side of prizes aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to pvtblish, give or deliver, any eegle&uig his notification herein before directed or required to be published, duty, given, or delivered, before the payment of any part of such prize

money, or in the manner herein before appointed, or shall not set forth and specify therein the matters, and things herein before directed to be specified and set forth; every such person or agent frail forfeit for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of one

100l ° t hundred pounds, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record in Great Britain, or elsewhere in any of his majesty's dominions, in which no essoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one Collector imparlance, shall be allowed; and if any collector, customer, or customer, 'C searcher, of his majesty's customs, or principal officer or officers, neglecti ag his or such deputy or deputies as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to receive or to attest, or shall not transmit or send any such gazette, news papers, or written notification, as aforesaid, in such manner as is before directed, every such collector, customer, or searcher, principal officer or officers, or such deputy or deputies so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, to be sued for and recovered in the same manner as the above penalty is directed to be sued for and recovered.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the notifications in all such gazettes, news papers, and ir writing respective] y, as aforesaid, which shall be so transmitted and attested by such collector, customer, or searcher, or principal officer or officers, or such deputy or deputies as aforesaid, and registered at the said royal hospital, on proof of the handwriting of such collector, customer, or searcher, principal officer or officers, or deputy or deputies, from time to time, and at all times, shall be good and Efficient evidence in all his majesty's courts of law and equity, that the person or persons, whose name or names is or are herein set forth and specified as the agent or agents

duty,

frail forfeit fool.

Notifications in gazettes, C duly attested and rendered.

frail be good

evidence in law, fcc.

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 5. 14

agents for the prize or prizes therein respectively mentioned, is or are such agent or agents.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it declared and enabled byproviso. the authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, or exempt any ships, goods, wares, or merchandizes, which shall be taken as prize, and brought or imported into this kingdom, or any of his majesty'g dominions, from the payment of anycustoms or duties, or from

being subject to such restrictions and regulations to which ths same npw are or shall hereafter be liable by virtue of the laws ?nd Statutes of this realm.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Prices which authority aforesaid, That if any ship, vessel, or bpat, taken as hadbeentaken prize, or any goods therein, shall appear, and be proved, in C s?*robieat high court of admiralty, or vice admiralty court, to have be not in rebel longed to any of his majesty's subject of Great Britain or Ire lion, tobere hmd) or any of the dominions and territories remaining and con toradtotto's tinuing in their allegiance to the king, and under his majesty's

Sroteftion, which were before taken or surprised by any of his Majesty's rebellious colonies or plantations before mentioned, and at any time afterwards again surprised and retaken from his majesty's said rebellious colonies or plantations by any of his majesty's ships of war, or other ship, vessel, or boat, under his majesty's protection and obedience; that then such ships, vessels, boats, and goods, and every such part and parts thereof as aforesaid, formerly belonging to such his Majesty's subjects remaining and continuing under his protection, shall in all cases be adjudged to be restored, and shall be, by decree of the said high court of admiralty or vice admiralty court, actordingly restored to such former owner or owners, or proprietors, he or they paying for and in lieu of salvage (if retaken from the rebels) oneonpayipentof eighth part of the true value of the ships, vessels, boats, and th part of goods respectively so to be restored; which salvage shall be an ue fwered and paid to the captains, ofscers, and seamen, to be di C*vided in such manner as before in this act is directed touching the share of prizes belonging to the flag officers, captains, officers, seamen, marines, and soldiers.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons belonging to any of his majesty's Persons with ships or vessels of war, who shall run away or withdraw him or fewcs fromss themselves from the ship or vessel by which any prize or prizes majesty's fer shall be taken, or otherwise, from his Majesty's service, before vice, forfeit or after notification shall be given by the persons or agents ap th*r share of pointed as aforesaid, of the day appointed for the payment of pn£c monc)rl the several shares to the captors of the said prize or prizes'shall have, or be entitled to have or claim any interest in or benefit of the said share or shares of the said prize or prizes, or any part which shall be thereof, but such share and shares of such prize and prizes ustof oi^cn go and be paid to the use of Greenwich hospital'hospitab

XXVI. Provided always, That if any person or persons Ihallproyif

9f df? njn way pr withdraw him or themselves from any such 7'hip

Agents, who shall sell any

*46 Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 5. [1776.

hip or vessel as aforesaid, after notification given as aforesaid, he and they shall forfeit and lose such part of his and their share and shares of the said prize or prizes, as shall be remaining in the said agent or agents hands at the time of his or their running away or withdrawing him or themselves $ thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in anywise not with (landing.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person and persons, agent and agents, and - r others, who shall sell or otherwise dispose of any prize or prizes ndt*to the to ta^cn as aforesaid, shall, within the space of three ca treasurer of lendar months next after the day to be appointed for the first Greenwich payment or distribution to the captors of such prize or prizes, hospital a true made in pursuance of such public notification as aforesaid, produce of ache out and transmit or deliver unto the treasurer of the said ihch prize, C royal hospital of Greenwich for the time being, or to such person or persons as he shall for that purpose depute or appoint, a true date and account in writing, under the hand or hands of such agent or agents, or person or persons so employed, of the produce of all such prize and prizes as aforesaid, together with an account of the payments or the several shares to the captors as hall then have been really and bona fide by him or them respectively paid; and alb that all and every person and persons, agents, and others, that by virtue of this za shall sell or dispose or any prize or prizes, which shall at any time or times hereafter be taken by any of his majesty's ships or vessels of war, such person and persons, agents, and others, so selling and disposing thereof, shall, within the space of three calendar months next after the expiration of the term of three years limited by this a, make out an txza account in writing of the produce of such prize nd prizes, as also of the payments of the several shares to the respective captors, together with a true and just account upon oath, to be taken before the treasurer of the said hospital for the time being, or any other person or persons by him for that purpose deputed and authorised in writing under his hand and seal, (which oath the said treasurer of the said hospital, and his sufficient deputy and deputies, authorised as aforesaid, is and are hereby authorised and empowered to administer), of all sum and sums of money as shall be then remaining in such agent or agents, or persons custody, power or possession, and shall at the same time deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the treasurer of the said hospital for thatime being, or to his sufficient deputy or agent, the said accounts so attested upon oath as aforesaid, together with all such remaining lum and Sums of money then so left and remaining in his or their hands as aforesaid, taking from the said treasurer, or his proper deputy or agent, his or their acquittance or acquittances for the same.

Persons, C

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every person ntglecting to and persons hereby directed to transmit or deliver all or any the acrountstothe accounts before mentioned, who shall neglect or refuse to trank treasurer, fcc, out or deliver all or any such account or accounts to the trea a four

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 147

furerof the said hospital, or his said deputy or agent, within the or not paying before limited and appointed time, in manner and form as is here in in before mentioned, or who shall neglect or refuse to pay over ail j^riwndi^fter and every suchfum andfum^of money as shall remain in his or three years, their hand or hands, power, custody, or possession, after the term of three years, to be accounted as aforesaid, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, over and above shall forfeit, the money then in such agents hands $ one third part whereof 10(d*

shall belong to his Majesty, and the remaining two third parts to the said royal hospital, to be recovered, with costs of suit, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record, in which no essoin, protection, privilege, or waaer of law, of more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXIX and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any fraud, colluiion, or deceit, shall be wittingly or willingly made, used, committed, permitted, or done, or suffered, in make ufedinbalanc* ing, stating, or balancing, any such accounts, then every person or ing accounts persons who shall be thereof duly convicted, and his and their aiders and abettors, shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, over and above the penalties and punishments inflicted by this act, the sum of one hundred pounds; one third part whereof on penalty of to be to the use of his Majesty, and one other third part to the ooa* use of the said hospital, and the remaining third part to the informer who shall lue for the same, to be recovered, with costs of suit, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any court of record, in which no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the register or registers of his majesty's high court of ad Registers fh miralty, and all other courts of admiralty in Great Britain, shall. courts of; ad from time to time, duly enter or register, or cause to be entered ict

or registered, in one or mote book or books, to be by him or tcrg of att0r. them kept for that purpose only, all letters of attorney that shall be nry exhibited exhibited by any agent or agents for any prize or prizes which agents, C shall be taken by any of his majesty's ships or vessels of war 14 within fourteen days after the same shall be so exhibited or dc y*limed to such register or registers, at his or their respective offices; which registry shall contain the day of delivery and entry, the dates of the letters of attorney, the names and places of abode of the agents, the names of the prizes taken, together with the names of the ships or vessels by which such prizes shall have been taken; and the said register or registers fhast, on and deliver the twenty sixth day of March, and the thirtieth "day of Septem J°P*/ to) or within forty days thereafter, in every year, transmit or The

deliver unto the treasurer of the said hospital, or to the lawful treasurer, C deputy of such treasurer for the time being, a true copy or transcript, under his or their hand or hands, of all such entries as aforesaid, within the preceding half year; and if such register or registers shall neglect or refuse to make and keep such entries, or to transmit or deliver such copies thereof asafoiesaid, within the respective times herein before limited for that purpose, he or they,

or forfeit xool.

Registers of admiialty courts to make out yearly lists of all letters of attorney re

them to the treasurer of Green which bofpiul.

l48 Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 5. [1776.

shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or inform mation, in'any of his majesty's courts of record, in which no essoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than om imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the register or registers of all and every the courtand courts of admiralty in any of his majesty's dominions, Aiall yearly and every year, upon the twenty-third day of October, or within three calendar months next after the same, make out and transcribe true copies of all and every such letter and letters of attorney as Aiall be so regiaered in the said court or courts, to which Ifce

giftered there, ju(jge an(] judges of the said court and courts Aiall affix his snd and trattsmit theif leal of office; and then the said register and registers Aiall transmit the same to the treasurer of the said royal hofphal at Greenwich, to be there negiftered, and to be inspetfted by any person gratis, the charges of which copies, and affixing the leal orfeals thereto, and transmitting the same to the treasurer of the said hospital, Aiall be paid by the said agent or agents at the time of making such registry as aforesaid; and in case such register or registers, neglect or refuse to transcribe and transmit such copy and copies of the said letter and letters of attorney in manner aforesaid, (any ftlip or ships in that time sailing from such port or place to any port or place in Great Britain,) such register and registers so neglecting or refusing Aiall forfeit the fom of on penalty of five hundred pounds, to be recovered by him or them who will 500l. foe for the same, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information,

'in any court of record in Great Britain, or in any other part of his majesty's dominions, in which no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXXII. And for the more effectual making of such letters rfsf torney evidence of the agency of the person or persons to whom the same shall be made, be it further enactecf by the authority aforesaid,

tmecop'esof That true cop es of such letter and letters of attorney, and of letter otat transtrripts under seal, transmitted by the said register or registers fluimv suffi le ^ourr an<l courts of vice admiralty within any of his ma cent ewiitence jcay's dominions, and registered by the said treasurer of green of the agency which hospital, shall, from time to time, and at all tiroes hereto "'ho^h*18 3'rcr'* 6°°^ an fuc*cnt evidence of the agency of the per are^made/^on r persons to whom such letters of attorney is or shall be made; and from time to time, and at all times hereafter, shall be r admitted, without further or other proof thereof, to be legal

evidence in all his majesty's courts of record of law or equity; any law, custom, or ul'age, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no agent or agents for prizes shall be liable to be sued, impleacted, or arrested, by any person or persons who Aiall be made run from his majesty's service, in the lists to be duly certified of the names of the officers, seamen, marines soldier.

Agent not haole to be sued by any person who shall be made ran from his

I

1776.] Anno decimo facto Georom IL C 5. 149

or others, who shall be actually on board any of his Majesty Majesty's fer ships of war, at the taking of any prize or prizes, until the end je ef three months next after the expiration of three years, limited stamen, itef1* by'this ait for the claiming of prizes, unless the person or per unless be pro. sans so made run shall, before any action brought, obtain a c6r duce a certifi. trikate of his or their^r or Rs being taken off, and rite forfeiture fe o( R

fihis or their foam of such prizes being discharged by the com taken Biftorters of his majesty's nary, who subscribed the said lists, addfoati produce such certificate tole Arid agent or agents re ipeftmcly, and unless the said agent or agents on the producing of such certificate or certificates, shall refuse to pay the said prize money (in case the same be due and payable, according to the diit&ions in his majesty's declaration) within two months after any such demand made, and such certificate produced,

XXXIV 'Provided always, Thaft nothing in this act contain Prowfo*

d shall be construed to restrain his Majesty, his heirs and successors, from giving such further rules and dirsdions to his re spedire courts Of admiralty and vice admiralty, as by his: Ma

his heirs and successors, with the advice of his or their privy council, shall be thought necessary or proper. -

XXXV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by Th jrot

the authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall ex telfcu'which' tend, or be Conftroed to extend, to any ship or vessel the pro shall have fail perty of any person or persons residing in the said colonies of New ed for Grea^ nempshire> Massachuset's Bay, Rhode Istand, connebicut^nerju York, ?rij ?r

New Jersey, Penfyhania, the three lower counties on Delaware '

Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, die, on or

or any or either of them, which shall have sailed for Great Bri before March,

tain, or Ireland, from any British sugar colony or plantation in

the West Indies, on or before the first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, laden with any goods or commodities

which before the passing of this adfc might be sola wfully

transported and carried in any such ship or vessel; nor to any ship or vessel the property of any person or persons residing in the said colonies of New Hampshire, majfachufei*s Bay, Rhode Island,

Cmefticut, New York, New Jersey, Pensylvania, the three lower counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, or any or either of them, which on or beftrie the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, shall have arrived at any of the british sugar colonies or plantations in the West Indies, laden with lumber and provisons, hr either of them, and, after discharging the same at such sugar colony or plantation, shall, on or before the first day of sdkgkft, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, lade and talfeonboatd there, in order to be transported from thence into Great Britain or Inland, any goods or commodities which may belawfthly transported from such sugar colony or plantation into Great Britain or Ireland respectively, in any other British vessel, upon condition that th master or person having the charge of mb'tiiip or vessel which shall have so arrived on or before the fcifl&ft day of ja7marytomjthqvhvi& seven hundred and seventy

six.

150 Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 5. [1776.

fi, and shall have been loaded on or before the said first day of Augufiy one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, shall produce a certificate, under the hands and seals of office of the 00a le&or and comptroller, or other principal officer of his Majesty* customs for the port or place where such goods shall be laden certifying that such ship or vessel did arrive at such fiigar colony or plantation on or before the said first day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, laden with lumber and provisions, or either of them, as the case may be; and that after having discharged the same in such sugar colony or plants tien, (he had taken on board the several goods therein laden for Great Britain or Ireland respectively, describing the name and burden of the ship, with the name of the master, and the content of the cargo, with the particular marks and numbers of the packages of each sort and species of goods so laden, the port or place where, and the time when laden, and the port in Great Britain or Ireland to which the goods are consigned, and that bond and security has been given for the due landing thereof according to law; which certificate such collector and comptroller, or other principal officer of the customs are hereby required and enjoined to give without fee or reward.

XXXVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the certificates before mentioned for such ships or vessels as shall be bound to Great Britain and Ireland, shall continue in force for six months from the dates thereof, and no longer; and the master or person having charge of such ship val°'m g^cat1 or ve* upon his arrival at the port of his discharge in Great Britain or Ire Britain or Ireland, at the time he reports his ship, is hereby reland, to deli quired to deliver up such certificate to the collector and comp ver up his troller, or other principal officer of the customs at (Uch port, on rh^co^f/stor forfeiture one hundred pounds: and if any officer or officers con forfei f tile customs shall give or grant any false certificate, for the tyre of tool, purpose required or directed by this act, such officer or officers Penalty on shall forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds, and be rendered giving a false incapable of serving his Majesty, his heirs, and (bcceflors, in any certificate, or office whatsoeverj and if any person or persons shall counterfeit, or^tering1" 8 erae her, or any such certificate, or any licence ready certifi quired or directed by this actor shall knowingly make use of

cate, C any false certificate or licence, or of any certificate or licence so

counterfeited, erased, altered, Or falsified, such person or persons shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds, and such certificate or licence shall be invalid and of no Penalties how effect; which laid penalties, if the same shall be incurred in Great Britain, or within the British dominions in America, shall and may be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered, and be divided paid, and applied, in like manner as other penalties, inflicted by any actor as of parliament relating to the trade or revenues of the British colonies or plantations in America, are directed to be prosecuted, sued for, or recovered, divided, paid, and applied by any act or acts of parliament now in force; and if the said penalties shall be incurred in the kingdom of Inland, the fam*

shall

Certificates to continue in force for 6 months.

Master, See.

to be recovered.

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. ^.5. 151

shall tad may be prosecuted, sued for, recovered, and applied, in such and the like manner, as any forfeiture incurred by the laws now in force in the said kingdom of Ireland, against the running or intending to run goods into that kingdom, may, by any act or acts of parliament now in force there be prosecuted, sued for recovered, and applied.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act shall extend, or be This act not construed to extend, to any'ship or vessel, or the cargo thereof, t0/?ycl!d toj which shall have been or may be cleared out from any port in oaurom^ Great Britain or Ireland> before the first day of January, one Great Britain thdufend seven hundred and seventy six, and shall be bound to or Ireland any of the British Sugar colonies in the West Indies, 6r which before Jan. hath been, or niav be so cleared out from the said British sugar toundto the Colonies, and shall be bound to Great Britain or Ireland, in case West Indies, it shall appear by the register of such ship or vessel that two c. thirds at the least of the owners of such ship or vessel are his f two third majesty's subjects reflding in Great Britain or Ireland, or in Tome nr of the said British sugar colonies; nor to any ship or vessel, or fabi^a the cargo thereof which shall be cleared out from any port in refidine in Great Britain or Ireland, after the twentieth day of January^one Great Britain, thousand seven hundred and seventy six and shall be bound to the

any of the British sugar colonies, or which shall be cleared out ar after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, from the said British sugar colonies, and shall be bound to Great Britain or Ireland, in case it shall appear, by the oath or affirmation of ode or, more of the owners of such

Sor vessel, to be endorsed on the register thereof, to be takfen ire the collector or other principal officer of the customs at the port or place where such ship or vessel shall be cleared out

(which oath or affirmation such collector, or other principal officer of the customs, is hereby authorised and required to administer) that two thirds at least of such ship or vessel are the property of his majesty's subjects reflding in Great Britain or Ireland, or in some of the said sugar colonies or plantations.

XXXVIII d whereat many and large debts are now due from the inhabitants of the North American colonies herein before mentioned to diverse of his Majesty's good and loyal subjects reftding in Great Britain, Ireland, and the British plantations in the West Indies, and many of such good and loyal subjects may have estates and effects in some of the said North American colonies: and whereas goods and merchandise have been or may be shipped or laden in the fsii colonies, for and on account of such debts, estates, or effects, and other goods and merchandise may be laden there, and font jrom thence td ionfejuence of orders given for that purpose, be it therefore eroded by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this adth'#a^ stot contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any ship*j^d| to or vessel which shall have cleared out and sailed from any of cleared out thy said colonies for Great Britain, Ireland, or any of the British from the co plantations in thn tvejt Indies, on or before the fjrft day ofin*>r. jfafuary, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six*nor shall

M 3 CX

15*

fore Jan. i, 1776; nor to

?; oods upped or remittance*'to Great Britain, See. before Dec. i, 177 j.

Kot to extend to any teliel the property of the colonial, which on or before Jan. h77* thah have fail. CD from any port in Europe where (be might lawfully

4c.

Nor to any vessel belonging to the island of Nantucket, employed in the whale hdi ery, and fitted out before h f775*

CT

Sciiing of per tooa, veftcb

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. g. 5.

[177

extend, or be construed to extend, to forfeit any gpods or merchandise, or effects which shall be laden or shipped on board any ship or vessel in any of the said North American colonies on or before the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, as a remittance to any of his majesty's subjects, residing/in Great Britain Ireland, or the British colonies or plantations in the jveji Indies for or on account of any such estates, effects, or debts, or in consequence; of any orders given for that purpose, before the twenty fujl day of December* 000 thousand seven hundred and seventy five, provided proof thereof shall be made, on oath of the parties to whom such goods, merchandise, or effects, shall be eonsigned, or otherwise to the satis fadton of the judge or court before whom any feieure of such goods, merchandise, or ctifeds, shall be depending, anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. Provided ajwayj* and it is hereby further ent&ed by the authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any ship or vessel the property of any person or persons redding in the said colonies of New Hampshirer Massachuset's Bay Rhode island, Cennefticut* New Tort, New Jersey, Penfybania* the three lower counties on Delaware, Maryland Virginia North Carolina South Carolina or Georgia which on or before the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, shall have sailed from any port or place in Europe where Rich ship or vessel might lawfully trade; or which on or before the said first day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, shall be actually laden in any such port or place for Great Britain or Ireland with such goods and merchandizes as fqch ship or vessel might lawfully fa transport; nor to any such ship or vessel as shall, on the said first day of January open thousand seven hundred and seventy six, remain in any port of Great Britain or Ireland anything herein Contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XL. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this a contained shall extend, or Ije construed to extend, to any ship or vessel being the property of any of the inhabitants of the Hland of Nantucket employed in the wfiale fishery only, if it shall appear by the papers on board 'that such ship or vessel was fitted and cleared oqt from thence before the first day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy five; or if the mailer, or other person having thp charge of any such ship or vessel as aforesaid shall produce a certificate upder the hand and seal of the governor pr commander in chief of the province of the mt^buftfs Bay setting forth, that fuph ship or vessel (expressing her name, ao<| the name of her mailer, and describing her built and burden) is the whole and entire property of his majesty's subjects of tin said island of Nantucket and was the property of one or more of them on or before the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and seventy five.

Aqi whereas before the faffing this andjince the catt-

i77&} £nno decimo sexto creorglr III C 5. 153

[Treble costs.]

mmcment of tie fati unnatural rebellion, diverse persons, vtjfils, ear. dur vng mother effects, may have been seized detained examined, the re bell tonne jeartbedy damaged or defrayed, for the public service* in withft nd an£before the kg or jupprmng the said rebellion, be it further enacted by the ta/shall be* authority aforesaid, That all such acts shall be deemed jut apd deemed legal, legal to all intents, constructions, and purposes whatsoever: and Limitation of if aoy action or suit Avail be commenced or prosecuted against actions, any person or persons for or by reason of anything so done, qr for or by reason of any4hing done or acted in puruiance of this act, then, and in every such case, such action or suit shall be commenced within six calendar months next after the committed, and not afterwards; and the defendant or defendants, N shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act and the General issue. spedal matter in evidence; and if the ad mall appear to have been done for the service of the public, or in pursuance of and by the authority of this act, or if any such action or suit shall be brought after the time herein before limited for bringing the same, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and upon such finding, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be uonsuited, oc discontinue his or their action after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if upon demurrer judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs.

JLLII. And whereas an off was passed in the fourteenth year of Acts tie reign of his present Majesty, (entitled An act to discontinue, 1+ Geo. 3.

in such manner, and for such time, as are therein mentioned, the landing and discharging, lading or shipping of goods, wares, and merchandise, at the town, and within the harbour of Boston, in the province of Massachusets Bay, in North America;,) and also One passei in the last ftjfton of parliament, (entitled, An act to 15 Geo. j. riftrain the trade and commerce of the provinces of Massa cap. 10. theftfs Bay 2nd new Hampshire* and colonies of Comufticut* and Rhode Ifiani# and Providence Plantation, in North America, to Great Britain, Ireland, and the british islands in the hveft Indies; aadjo prohibit such provinces'and colonies from carrying on aay fi&try on the baaks of Newfoundland, or other places there'mentioned, under certain conditions and limitations;,) and also mother aft paffid in the same Jeffton9 (entitled, An act to re and 15 Geo. (bain the tr*4e and commerce of the colonies of New Jersey a cap it Pmfykmia* Maryland, Virginia, and South Carolina, to Great bruakyireland* and the British islands in the iveft Indies, under certain conditions and limitations:,) and whereas the prohibitions aniriflraints imposed by the said acts will be rendered unnecessary by tiafrokhm of this aq: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the first day of January, one repealed, thousand seven hundred and seventy six, the said acts shall be, and the same are hereby repealed.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Comirtence that this act, Co far as^the same relates to the capture and for wient of this feitare of ships and vessels belonging to the inhabitants of the^bove ttentioaed colonies, shall, except in the cases herein before

*54

Persons ao shorised by

his Majesty may grant pardons to any colony, province, county, C by proclamation in his Majesty name

after the issuing of which, f his atto be Void with re spe& to such fotopy, U C

Provilb.

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c.[1776.

fore mentioned, commence and be in force from and after the firift day of January, one thousand seven hundred and, seventy six; and so'far as the same relates to the capture and forfeiture of all other ships and vessels that shall be found going to trade in or at any of the said colonies, from and after the first day of February, one thousand seven hundred and feveoty six; and so far as the same relates to the capture and forfeiture of all other ships and vessels that shall be found trading in or at any of tp said colonies, or bound and trading from any port or place fa the same, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six; and shall continue 16 be in force so long as the said colonies respectively shall remain in a (late of rebellion.

XLIV. Provided always nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in order to encourage all well affected persons in any of the said cplonies to exert themselves in suppressing the rebellion therein, and to afford a speedy pro te&ion to those who are disposed to return to their duty, it shall and may be lawful so and for any person or persons, appointed and authorised by his Majesty to grant a pardon or pardons to any number or description of persons, by proclamation, in his majesty's name, to declare any colony or province, colonies or provinces, or any county, town, port, district, or place, in any colony or province, to be at the peace of his Majesty; and from and after the iffoing of any such proclamation in any of that aforesaid colonies or provinces, or if his Majesty shall be graciously pleased to signify the same by his royal proclamation, then, from and after the iflbing of such proclamation, this afi, with respect to such colony or province, colonies or provinces, county, town, port, district, or place, shall cease, determine, and be utterly void; and if any captures shall be made, after the date and issuing of such proclamations, of any ships or vessels, and their cargoes, belonging to the inhabitants of any such colony or province, colonies or provinces, county, town, port, distritt, or place, or of any ships trading to or from such colony or province, colonies or provinces respectively, the same shall be restored to the owners of such ships or vessels, upon claim being entered, and due proof made of their property therein, and the captors shall not be liable to any action for seizing or detaining the said ships or vessels, or their cargoes, without proof being made that they had actual notice of such proclamation having been issued.

XLV. Provided always, That such proclamation or proclamations shall not discharge or suspend any proceeding upon any ppture of any such ship or vessel made before the date and thereof. '

q a?,

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 155

CAP. VI.

An act for giving a puiluk reward unto such person or persons, being his Majesty's subject or subjects, as shall discover a northern paffago for vessels by sea, between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans; and alfi unto such as shall first approach by sea within one degree of the northern pole.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an act of parliament passed in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second,

(entitled, An act for giving a public reward to such person or X persons, his majesty's subject or subjects, as shall discover a northwest passage, through hudson's Straights, to the western and fouthem ocean of America:,) and whereas many advantages / both to commerce and science may be also expected from the discovery of any northern pqffage for vessels by Jea9 between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may see enacted; and be it enacted by the king's moult excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the' lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if any ship vessel, ships or vessels, belonging to any of his majesty's fub hi Mafetty, jeds, or to his Majesty, shall find out and sail through any paf C shall (all foe by sea, between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans, in any di ^twcep reaion or parallel of the northern hemisphere to the northward of the fifty second degree of northern latitude, the owner or beyond the owners of such ship or ships, vkffel or vessels, if belonging to d degree, any of his maj&ty's subjects, or the commander or commanders, ^m?a.rjder* officers and seamen of such ship or vessel, ships or vessels, if b.c. a Ipnging to his Majesty, shall receive as a reward for such dif wird of*govery thp sum of twenty thousand pounds. to^eol.

II. And whereas the ships employed both in the Spitzbergen seas, end in Davis's Straights, have frequent opportunities of approaching the north pole, though they have not time, during the course of one fitmmer, to penetrate into the Pacific ocean: and whereas such approaches may greatly tend to the discovery of a communication between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans, as well as be attended with many ad( ( both to commerce and science, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid. if any ship or vessel, ships or or shall ap vessels, shall approach to within one degree of the northern pole, proach to the owner or owners of such ship or vessel, ships or vessels, decree of the belonging to any of his majesty's subjects, or the commander northernpole, or commanders officers and seamen of such ship or vessel, shipsshall recewea or vessels, if belonging to his Majesty, so first approaching toward of within one degree of the northern pole, his or their executors, s'000* administrators, orassigns, shall be entitled to receive, and shall receive, as a reward for such first approach towards the northern pole, the sum of five thousand pounds.

III. And in order to ascertain who are the first discoverers of the aid northern passage into the Pacific ocean, and who are the first ap prober: to within one degree of the northern pole, and to whom the

*56 Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 6. [>?7

rewards by this act respectively given do belong; be it further enaa commissioned by the authority aforesaid, That the of appointed cr* appointed for the purposes of the said act of the eighteenth of George the who'aretntf econ and nfher persons as for the time being are

se^to thevaid c^hmflioaera for the discovery of the longitude at sea, be, and s rewards j they are hereby appointed coowni(boners for the purposes of this who are im present aa; and are hereby authorised and empowered to call p.ered to for the respective journal or journals, book or books, and papers, ca* ir Kept on board the respeawe ship or ships, Vessel or vessels of the was, books, claimant or claimants respectively, and also to examine, upon oath, all such persons as they the (hid of (hah think proper with regard to any claim or claims, as well as' any person or persons produced by the respective claimant or clatmamk of the respective rewards given as aforesaid by this act; (which oath the said of, or any three or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to administer)) the said Commission of, or the major part of those that shall meet (such ers to grant mayor part, nevertheless, at all times confiding of thirteen conr V n cr<*f mioners* the Icaftf of which the lord high admiral, or first ssdif., cotmniffroner for executing the office of lord high admiral of corny, g. Great Britain for the rhyme being, and the royal aftronomcr of Greenwich for the time being, shall be two) being fully satisfied, upon examination and proof, that such northern passage by sea into the Pacific ocean is effectually discovered, and failea through ars aforesaid, and that such approach towards the northern pole 4s stforesaid, has been then first aaually made by sea, or that either the one or the other has been fully accomplished within the meaning of this act, as the case may be, are hereby authorised and required to grant a certificate or certificates accordingly, under their hand and seals, to such person or persons as 6n producing the y shall judge are entitled to the same respectively $ which cer whereof.eom tificate or certificates shall be produced to the lord high trea setrejsjr°^ rer orany t*ircc or more f the of of thetreafaty to pay^hc^re. C mc being, aftd the said sum of twenty thousand pounds, ward. and the said fuirr of five thousand pounds, or the one or the

other, ar the case may be, shall be respectively paid to such person or persons as ate named in the said certificate or certificates respectively, his, Her, or their executors, administrators, it assigns, out of any the aids of supplies which shall be granted in parliament to his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, after the said discovery of the said horthem passage into the Pacific ocean, and the said approach to within one degree of the northern pole; or the one or the other, as the case may be, shall be made, effeauated, and proved, and the said certificate produced a! All claims to aforesaid.

the rewards

IV. Provided always, and be it farther enacted by the author

to be made nty aforesaid, That the respective claim or claims on behalf df

month after any or P.S. vc or ve* unto the rewards given by

arrival at any or either of them, shall be made respectively, and en

port in Great tered with, or be by letter signified to, the secretary of the lord

Britain or high admiral, or first commissioner for executing the office of

Ireland.? 6 lord

L

rjy6 \ Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 7, 8, >57

lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being at the admiralty office in London, within six months from the time that such ship or vessel, ships or vessels, shall have arrived at any port of Great Britain or Inland, otherwise the respective claimant or claimants shall not be inti tied to receive, nor shall receive either of the said rewardsj anything in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the said rewards, or either of them, shall be Proviso, claimed by and adjudged to the commander or commanders, officer and Teamen of any ship or yefiel, ships or vessels belonging to his Majesty, the same shall be disposed in favour of, and dinributed among such commander or commanders, officers and seamen, in such proportions as shall be directed by his Majesty in council, and in no other manner.

CAP. VII.

An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

CAP. VIII.

An act for making perpetual so much of an act, made in the eighth year of his present majesty's reign, intituled An act to continue and amend an act, made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, "An act for importation of

faked beefy "port, bacon, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time \ and for "allowing the importation of salted beef, port, bacon, and butter, " from the British dominions, in America, for a limited time" as relates to the importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireland: and also another act, made in the fifth year of his present majesty's reign, intituled An act to permit the free importation of cattle from Ireland.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an act was made in the eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to continue and Afb S Geo. p

nterfd an act, made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for importation offalted beef, pork, baton, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time and for allowing importation of faked beef, port, baton, and butter, from the firitidt dominions in America, for a limited time and whereas the said act hoi, by fevoral subsepsent acts, been continued to the thirtieth day of March, one thousand seven hundred andf and whereas and j Gep. j,

another ad was made in the fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, recited. intituled An act to permit the free importation of cattle from Ireland', which ad bat, by another act made in the twelfth year of hit present Majesty's reign, been further continued until the twenty, ninth day of September, one thousand fevers hundred and ftvtnty dgjot, and from sbente to the end of though then next session of parliament; end whereas the said act, made in the eighth year of his present ma jtfifs reign, fa far as the same reifies to the importation of salted beef, pork, baton, and butter, from Ireland; also the said act,

made hit be fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, have proved very benefitial; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be

158 Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 8 - 10. f177

enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, 80 much of the and by the authority of the same, That so much of the said re aft 8 Geo. 3. cited ac macje in the eighth year of his present majesty's reign, l*elaiidevnd as rc*atcs to the importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, and the act 5 Geo. butter, from Ireland; and also the said recited act, made in the 3. made per fifth year of his present majesty's reign, shall be, and are hereby petual. made perpetual.

CAP. IX.

An act for the better relief and employment of the poor within the hundred of Forehoe, in the county of Norfolk.

CAP. X

An act to enable his Majesty to make leased copies, 'and grants of offices, lands, and hereditaments, parcel of the duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS his royal highness, George prince of Wales, Leases and* now fiends ftized of the duchy of Cornwall, and the poffief grant made fton* thereof: and whereas it is necessary to enable his Majesty to by letter - offices, and to make leases and grants, by copy of court rollof patent or in lands y and hereditaments, parcel of the said duchy, or thereunto an denture, ^exed or belonging, during the minority of his royal highness; be it or by copy of therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and vdthi* 7 year*1*1 t*lc avec an consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, tocoi*e, of any and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the office, land, authority of the same, That all leases and grants, made or to be or heredi$a* made, by letters patent, or indentures, under the seal of Great jrfthe dputdiy Britain, or °* the court of exchequer, or by copy of court of Cornwall, nh, according to the custom of the respective manors, within or annexed seven years next ensuing, of any offices, tnefluages, parks, lands, thereto, de tenements, or hereditaments, (other thah honours, lordships, or woda^iinft inano*'s) Parcel of the possessions of the said duchy of Courtvall, tuecrown* r annexed to the iame, shall be good and effectual in law, ac so a such9cording to the purport and contents of the same copies, leases, leases be not and grants, against our foveneign lord the King, his heirs and for more than successors, his royal highness George prince of Wales, and against 3 lire, or all and every other person or persons yrho shall at any time vtei/^eter hcrcaster have inherit, or enjoy, the said duchy by force of any minable upon act of parliament, or by other limitation whatsoever.

3 live at the

II. Provided always, That every such lease or grant so made, most or to be made, be not for more than one, two or three lives, ot and if in ex for northeast and thirty years, or under, or for same term of years reversion determinable upon one, two, or three les, or not above; and not exceeding^I or grants be t made in reversion or expectancy, that

3 lives, or*then the same, together with theestates in possession, do not 31 years, exceed three lives, or the term of one and thirty years, or some and foa* the term of years determinable upon one, two, or three lives, and ffifeu^able^not n any wise made difpunishable of waste; and so as upon of waste; every such lease or grant there be, or shall be, reserved the ancient

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. io iti 159

dent or moflusual relit, or more, or such relit as hath been re and the usual served, yielded, or paid, for the same lands, or hereditaments, for the greater part of twenty years next before the making of the said leases or grants; and where no such relit hath been reserv or, wherethere ed or payable, that then, upon every such lease, there be, or "a

shall be, reserved a reasonable relit, not being under the twen absent be tieth part of the clear yearly value of the messuages, parks, reserved. lands, tithes, tenements, or hereditaments, contained in such lease or grant; and all leases and grants otherwise made, or to be made, shall be null and void.

III. And be it further ordained and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all covenants, conditions, reservations, and other The cove^contained in every lease, grant, or copy of °°urt^meafei or roll, made or to be made, as aforesaid, shall be good and effee' 'd*em tual in law, according to the words and contents of the same, ed good ia

as well for and against them to whom the reversions of the same law. lands, tenements, and hereditaments shall come, as for and,

against them to whom the interest of the said leases, grants, or copies shall come, respectively, as if our sovereign lord the king's majesty, at the time of making such covenants, conditions, and reservations, and other agreements, were seized of ah absolute estate, in see Ample, in the same lands, tenements, or hereditaments.

IV Saving always, to all and every person or persons, bodies Reservatioa politic and corporate, their heirs, and successors, executors, ad °* ^ts. rainistrators, and assigns (other than to our said sovereign lord.

the King, and his heirs and successors; and the duke and dukes of Cornwall for the time being, and his and their heirs; and all and every other person and persons that shall hereafter have, inherit, or enjoy, the said dukedom of Cornwall by force of any a of parliament, or other limitation whatsoever) all such rights, titles, estates, customs, interests, tenures, claims, and demands whatsoever, ot what nature, kind, or quality soever, of, in, to, or out of, the said offices, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or

Sof them, as they, or any of them, had or ought to have Ltd ire the making of this act, to all intents and purposes, and in as large and ample manner and form, as if this act had never been had or made j. this act, or anything hereim contained to

the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XL

An act to continue an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to amend and render more effectual in his majesty's dominions in America, an act passed in the present session of parliament, intituled An act for punishing mutiny and dtftrtion, and for the better payment of the army and their quar

ten; and for extending the Provisions of the said act to his Majesty's marine forces in America.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an act passed in the fifteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to amend and render Aa 15 Geo.

more recited.

d Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 12, 13. [1776.

more effectual in his Majesty's dominions in America an act passed in the present session of parliament, mtitaled, An afer. pumflnng mutiny and desertion, amt sir the better payment of the army and their quarters; ami for extending the provisions of the find act to his Majesty's marine forces in America; tubich a St, was if continue and be in force in all Majesty's dominions m America,

from the twenty-fourth day o/march, in the year one thousand hundred and seventy five, until the twenty-fourth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and and whereas it bat been found necessary that the said asi be continued for. a further term; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted j and best enacted by the king's mod: excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, inrthis present parliament aflemued, and nt* surer by the authority of the same, That the said act shall be, and the SS* saki hereby cominued until the twenty-fourth day of March*84, i77j, in the year of our lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight.

CAP. XII.

An act to continue, for a farther *, an made in the seventh year of his present mpjefiy's, An act to discontinue, for a limited time, the duties payable upon the importation of tallow, hogs lard, and grease.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an act of parliament, in the seventh yeas'

Act 7 Geo. j. tv of the reign of his present( (, act to <fif>

recited, continue, for a limited time, the duties payable upon the importation of fallow, hogs lard, and grease)) whereas by two alls, made in the tenth and thirteenth years of his present reign,

the said act had been continued until the twenty-fifth March,

one thousand seven hundred and seventy six: and whereas the allowing the importation of tallowbogs lari, and grease, for a further

time, dutyfree, may be of great advantage; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's moult excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, and further That the said act of the seventh year of his present majesty's reign, and all and every the clauses, provisions, penalties, for sjiksi1*" feitures, allowances, matters and things therein contained, shall' 779' be further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine.

CAP. XIII.

An act for the better securing a fund, belonging to certain ptrftns of the theatre royal in drury-lane, applicable to charitable u/es, and for other purpofts therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS in or about the year one thousand seven hunirei V and sixty six, a contribution was begun at the theatre royal* drury-lane, towards the charitable purpose of establishing a fa

e the

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 13. rft

the upper t tffitch performers belonging to the fond theatre as through of, infirmity, or accident, should be obliged to retire from the fiage\ the managers if which chanty have fence extended the same to theecca jtmalrelief ofperformers in cefeeffukness, and also to the relief and effort of the widows and children of deceased performers belonging to the aid theatre: and whereas by the profits arising from fovenal plays a8ed for the benefit of the find charity, and the voluntary contributions of the performers belonging to the fold company, and other persons, a fund, to the amount of four thousand pounds, or thereabouts, is nowin the bands of certain trifiets applicable to the purposes aforesaid: to the end therefore that the money contributed as aforesaid, or whieb may hereafter be contributed towards inertafing the said fund, may be applied to the purposes aforsaid, and to prevent, as far as may be, any mfoppucation or embezzlement thereof \ may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's naoft excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and copfent of rfhe lords _ spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this presentparliament affetnued, and by the authority erf the same, That, from andsabtcribert after the passing of this act, all and every the subscribers to the 'meoeponted^ hid send for the time being, during suchr time as he, (be, and they, respectively shall pay to the same, hah be, and are hereby declared to be, one body corporate and politic, in deed and in naibe, and shall be called by the name ckwhofocietyejimished for/roriurnwrao* r the relief of indigent personr belonging to his Mqfofiy's company ofxod famm*. comedians of the theatre royal in drury-lane: and by the same name they shall have perpetual succession and a common seat j and that they, and their successors, by the same name may see and be foed, implead and he impleacted, answer and be answered unto, in all or any court or courts of record, and places of judicature, within this kingdom of Great Britain: and that they, and their successors, by the name aforesaid, shall be able and capable in law to have, hold, receive, enjoy, poflese, and retain, fetrhe purposes aforesaid, all and every such sum and Turns of money as have been paid, given, devised, or bequeathed, or shall at any tithe or times hereafter be paid, given, devised, or bequeathed, to and for the ends and purposes hereinbefore men tinned; and that they, and their successors, by the name afore sud, shall and may at any time hereafter, without licence in mortmain, purchase, take, or receive, hold, and enjoy, any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, not exceeding the yearly value of five hundred pounds.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the paf l>*fe6tors ap r ling of this act, Thomas King, John Pacter, John Moody, James p°^cc<*jfitin, James William Dodd, Robert Baddeley, Francis Waldron,

Richard Hurst, William Brereton, James Wrighten, William Parsont,

John Palmer, and William Davies, shall be, and they are

htfeby appointed, directors for managing the said fund, until,

the fifth day of April, which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy feveil: and that the said who may alter

diije&ors, and their successors, to be elected in manner herein fe*jc^inott

after mentioned, or the majority of such directors for the time

16a Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. tp [177&

being, shall have full power and authority, from time to time to dispose of the said common seal, and to altar or make new the make bye same, and to direa the use and application thereof; and to

laws, make, ordain, and constitute, suchs.and lo many bylaws, constitutions,

orders, and regulations, as to them, or the major part of them, shall seem necessary and convenient for the appropriation of the said fund, or touching, or in any wise concerning the affairs and business of the said corporation; and the same bylaws, constitutions, orders, and regulations, so made, to put in ufcand enforce accordingly, and at their will and pleasure to reyoke, change, and alter the same, or any of them: which said byelaws, constitutions, orders, and regulations, so as aforesaid made, shall be duly kept and observed by the said corporation, and every member thereof, provided the same be reasonable, and not contrary or repugnant to the Statutes, customs, or laws of this kingdom, or the true intent and meaning of this act. and appoint nl. And be it further enacted, That the said directors may, fficers# and are hereby impowered to appoint a treasurer or treaforers, and such other officers as they shall think necessary for the purposes of this act; and shall and are hereby required to take such Security from their treasurer or treasurers as a majority of the said directors shall think proper

fut election

IV. And be it further enacted, That such subscribers to the

of directors, said fund as may hereafter be entitled to receive any benefit therefrom, shall meet together at some convenient place, in or near the said theatre, on the twenty-fifth day of March which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred seventy seven, or within ten (fays after, for eleaing direaors for Manner of the year ensuing 5 and that previous to such election, the names

tlett, D of all the directors for the time being shall be written ondiftina pieces of paper, being all of an equal size, and rolled up in the same manner, as nqar as may be, and shall be put into a box, or some other convenient receptacte, and shall be shaken together, after which some person, not interested in such aleaion, shall draw out the said names one by one, until the number remaining in the said box or receptacle shall be reduced to fix, and the six persons whose names shall so remain shall be six of the direaors for the ensuing year; after which the said subscribers present shall proceed to elea seven other persons from amongst themselves, (either such as were, or were not direaors for the preceding year); and the seven persons so eleaed, together with the six persons whose names remained undrawn, as aforesaid, shall be the direaors for putting this act in execution for the ejeftionstobe year next ensuing: and the said subscribers shall also meet to gether on the twenty-fifth day of March, or within ten days after, in every succeeding year, and elca direaors, in manner before mentioned, for the year then next ensuing: and in case any one or more of the said direaors hereby appointed, or to be eleaed in manner aforesaid, shall die, or refuse to aa in the execution of this act, the said subscribers shall and may met together, at some convenient place, in or near the said theatre, and clert

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 14 — 18. 163

c|cdl a dirc&or or directors in the room and (lead of the director or directors so dying or refusing to act as aforesaid; every director so to be elected, in any or either of the cases aforesaid,

shall have the same powers and authorities, for the purposes of carrying this act into execution, as the directors herein and hereby nominated and appointed are inverted with.

V Provided always, and be it further enacted, That notice Notice in of every such election shall be affixed in writing, in some con anting to be fpicuous part of the said theatre, for three days at the least, immediately preceding such election j and that all elections (hah be dav* before decided by a majority of votes; and that every subscriber to the election.

said fund shall have a right to vott in every such election.

VI. Provided also, That at every annual election of directors A majority of

for the purposes of this act, a majority of the directors for the directors to ensuing year shall consist of persons belonging to, or employed to lhe at, the said theatre. ' IC

[Public act.]

VII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be ad judged, deemed, and taken to be a public act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XIV.

An act for re&tfyifig raiftakes in the names of fcvrral of the commissionert appointed by an act. made in the list session of parliament, to pot in execution an act made in the same session, intituled An act for grant lag an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy fivej and for appointing other of, together with those nam?d in the first mentioned act to put in execation an act of this session of Parliament, for granting an aid'to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy six.

CAP. XV.

An act for the better maintaining, regulating, and employing the poor within (he parish of Saint George, in the county of Middlesex; and for clranfing and lighting the squares, ttreets, lanes, alleys, courts, yards, hod other open passages and places and for keeping and regulating a slightly watch within such parts of the said parish as are not wituin the liberty of the tower of London.

CAP. XVI.

An act for enlarging the term and powers, granted by three acts of par. figment, for laying a duty of two pennies Scots upon every pint of ale end beer brewed and vended within the town of Dundee, and the liberties and suburbs thereof, for the purposes in the said acts mentioned.

CAP. XVII.

Ah d for building a bridge icross the river Severn from Benthall, in t|xe county of Salop, to the oppodte (bore at Madely wood, in the said dbanty 5 and for making proper avenues or roads to and from the fiine.

CAP. XVIII.

An act for enlarging the term of letters patent granted by his present Majesty to Elisabeth Taylor of the town of Southampton, widow, for the sole use and exercise of certain engines, tools inltrumentf, and otr*e^ apparatus, for making blocks, (heavers, and pins, used in the rigging of ships.

164 Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 19, 20. [1776.

[Preamble.]

His Majesty's royal letters patent to Elizabeth Taylor of Southampton widow. All the powers privileges C contained in the % before recited letters patent by this act granted to Walter Taylor, his executors See. for a further term of 14 years. Specification of improve, ments to be enrolled in the court of Chancery within 4. months, otherwise this act to be void. Walter Taylor to grant licences See. on certain conditions pubuck aft.

CAP. XIX.

An act for defraying the charge of the pay and clothing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England for one year beeinning the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and liven ty six.

CAP. XX.

An act for the better supply of mariners and seamen to serve in his Majesty's ships of war, and on board merchant ships % and other trading ships and vessels.

FOR the better supply of mariners and seamen to serve in Its Majestfs ships of war, and on board merchant ships and other trading shipr and vessels; be it enacted by the king's tnoft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and Commons in this present parliament From the paf assembled, and by the authority of the same That from and fiftg m # h ater passins °* is a until the twenty-fifth day of March 15, 1777, mer one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, and no longer chant ships (except in respect to such merchant ships, and other trading ships or vessels, which shall be on their voyage before the said twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, who shall be and are hereby allowed the liberty and benefit of returning home navigatea in the manner as herein after is provided), it shall and may be lawful for any merchant ship or other trading ship or vessel, to be navigated by foreign seamen or mariners, not being natives of Great Britain, or of any of the colonics or plantations thereto belonging, or his majesty's natural or naturalised subjects, so as the number of such foreign seamen or mariners do not exceed three fourths of the mariners at any one time employed to navigate such merchant ship or other trading ship or vessel; and that one fourth at lead of the mariners or seamen so employed be, at all times, natives of his Majesty's naturalised subjects of Great Britain*(sudden death, and hazard and casualties of war, and the seas, saved and excepted); one act of parliament, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, (entitled. An act for the encouraging and increasing of hipping and navigation,) or any other Statute or law to the contrary notwithstanding.

This act not

II. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall to teftrain his extend to take away or restrain the effect of any such royal pro ^ptoclama*c^amation as h, Majesty, his heirs and successors, are empowered tiou* C*make by virtue of an act passed in the thirteenth year of his

1 # late majesty's reign, intituled An act for the better supply of mariners

and seamen to serve in his Majesty's ships of war and on boar I merthantships % and other trading ships and privateers

C may be navigated with 3 ths foreigners.

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 21 — 23.

1h

CAP. XXI.

An act to amend an act passed in the third year of his (ate Majesty reign, intituled An aq jar making navigable the river Stroud water, in tba county of Glouceftea, from the river Severn, at or near Framiload, to wall bridge, near the town of Stroud, in the same county \ and for giving other powers, for the purpose of making a navigation from Framiload to Walibridge aforelaicl.

CAP. XXII.

An act for rebuilding the parish church of Tardebigg, in the counties of Worceder and Warwick.

CAP. XXIII.

An act for the better regulation and government of the pilot conducting ships and vessels into and out of the port of Bolton, fti the county of Lincoln) and for affixing and setting down mooring polls upon the banks or high marlhet within or adjoining to the haven and harbour of the said port) and for affixing and laying down bridges over the creeks upon the high marihes within or adjoining to the said haven and harbour) and for preventing mischiefs by lire in the said haven and harbour.

[Preamble.]

Letters patent granted to the corporation by Queen Elizabeth, recited. Commissioners appointed. First meeting. General meeting to be held annually. Mayor to have the calling vote. Commissioners to defray their own sixpences. How to proceed if mayor neglect his duty. New of to be chosen in the room of those dying, Sec. commissioner, after due examination, to grant licences to pilots. Penalty on persons acting as pilots without licence. Exception, in favour of coal barges, and vessels in distress. Rates of pilotage ascertained. Foreign vessels to pay double rates. Additional rates. Additional rates restrict CD See. Extraordinary allowance for piloting vessels from The knock buoy, C Commissioners to ascertain what part of the pilotage shall be paid for the hire of doops, See. Commissioners empowered to make byelaws, See. and to impose a penalty of CL on aggreltors. Pilots may be fafpended for breach of bylaws, Sec. bylaws to be printed, with a lilt of the pilots and their sees. If pilots misbehave, of may vacate their licences, Sec. Pilots, though refused to be taken on board, to be paid their usual fee. Mailer to give the pilot true draught of ship, Sec. on penalty of 40s. Manner of proceeding in case pilot iufpe&'the mailer's account. Disputes to be settled by the mayor, Sec. Pilotage of ships outward bound to be secured. or pilot may retufe to take the charge. On nonpayment of pilots rates, the mayor, Sec. may dillrain. Penalty for heating pitch, Sec. on board any ship in the port, or the limits thereof. Mayor or jallice to hear and determine offences. If penalty not paid on demand, to be levied by distress. If no goods can be found, offender to be committed. Application of penalties. Power to mitigate penalties. Persons aggrieved may apptal to the sessions, whole determination shall be final. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form. Form of cpn viction. Commissioners to affix and iet down mooring pods, Sec. and to lay down bridges over the creeks. Affixing mooring polls and bridges re drifted to certain places. No mooring pods, Sec. to prejudice any works executed under the drainage act of a Geo. 3. Additional rates to be taken after june 14, 1776. Coals, ficci to be delivered within the didrifts of Wainfleet, Sec. exempted from the tonnage. Commissioners empowered b borrow 2000l. and to assign the duties as a security. Assignments to be entered in a book. See. Assignments may be transferred. Form of transier. Commissioners may appoint officers, and allow them fala ies treasurer and collector to give security. Officers to settle accounts, and pay the balance, schen required by of Any officer refusing to account, Sec. to be committed. Commissioner holding any office at

166 Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 24. [1776.

[Public act.]

profit under this act, not to act as such. How collector, C to proceed in case of vessels departing without paying duties. King's ships of war, o. exempted from duties. Mooring potu and bridges to be kept in repair. Application of the duties arising by this act. Extent of the harbour and haven, C Writings to be without damps. This act not to affect the Trinity House of Kingston, Sec. Saving of rights. This act not to prejudice the work of Black Sluice of Did refs not to be deemed unlawful for want of form, See. Plaintiff not to recover if tender of amends be made. Limitation of actions. General issue. Treble costs. No action shall be brought till after one month's notice.

CAP. XXIV.

An act for vesting certain estates, now held in trufl for the benefit of the royal hospital for seamen at Greenwich, in the commissionrs and governors of the said hospital, incorporated by his Majestf s Utters patent.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS their late majesties King William and Queen Recital of let W Mary, by Utters patent under the gnat seal of greatbri kin/wmiam ta*n' ^eartn& ate twenty-fifth day of October, which was in the and Queen sixth year of their reign, did give and grant unto ftr John Somers m^ry, dated knight, then keeper of the great seal, and sundry other persons therein Oct.5, in the named, a certain piece or parcel of ground, with a capital mejfuagt their ret n ere£ie^ thereof situate and being within the parish of East Green, granting to sir w*c^ n the county of Kent, in the said Utters patent particularly John Somers, mentioned and described, to bold to the said sir John Sopiers and the and others, a other grantees, their heirs and assigns for ever, to be held of the procund C in crown as f* manor of East Greenwich in free and common foe east*green^cab sea^y only and without relit, to the intent that the prtmfes which, C should be converted into an hospital for the relief of seamen of the royal navy incapable to maintain themselves, their widows and children, and for the encouragement of seamen and improvement of navigation; and that so soon as the buildings should be finished, and the crown should establish a corporation for the government of the said hospital, the said grantees, and the Jurvivors of them, his or their heirs and assigns, should, by appointment of the crown, convey the premises( ( such corporation: and whereas their late majesties Queen Anne,

King George the First, and King George the Second, and his present Majesty, did frjerally grant unto certain per fens several commissions, enabling them to prosecute and complete the building of the said hospital, and did also grant several powers for the management thereof; but no corporation for the purpose aforesaid was established until the sixth day of Decern ber now last pajl; and whereas th: several gran tees named in the said letters patenuhave long since departed this life, and it cannot be discovered at this distance of time who was the survivor of the said grantees, or in whom the Ugal estate of and in the said piece or parcel of ground and capital message, in the said Utters patent mentioned and described, is now vejled: and whereas, in prosecution of the scheme for building the J'aid hospital, and providing suitable accommodations thereto, it became necessary to purchase sundry messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, adjoining to the be fore mentioned piece or parcel of ground and capital messuage; and such messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, no corporation

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 24. 16y

being then established, were conveyed at diverse times to sundry persons, who were then of or governors of the said hospital, for the use thereof by means whereof the legal estates of and in such purchased prmifes became and are now vested in many persons, same of whom are wholly unconnected with the affairs of the said hospitaly and others of themy from the great effluxion of time fmce such purchases were Jo madey cannot now be, aifcovered: and whereas by an a CL of parliament, made and passed in the twenty second year of the reign of his Recital of aft late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for vesting co' for the several estates of James late earl of Derwentwater and Charles the

Ratcliffe deceased, comprised in several settlements therein men iate carj of tioned, in trustees, for an absolute estate of inheritance for the be derwentwa nefit of the royal hospital at Greenwich, and for raising certain Cha*

furns of money, out of part of the said estates, for the relief f Radclisse, in the children of the said Charles Ratcliffe \ after reciting as therein the benefit of is recited, it was enabled, That the barony, manor, or lordship of Greenwich Langley, with the rights, members, and appurtenances thereof in the hospital, C county of Northumberland, and also all those the manors of whit tingftall alias Quittingstall, and Newlands, Dilfton alias devel fton, Aydon shields, Warke, Elrington, and Meldon, and every of them, with their and every of their rights, members, and appurte nancesy in the said county Northumberland, and all those manors or reputed manors of Spindleston, Utchester, Throckley, Coastley, Middleton hall, East Thornton alias Thornton Eatt, west wood, and Thornborough, and every of themy with their and every of their rights, membersy and appurtenances, in the said county of Northumberland; and also all that the advowson of the church of Symondburne, with the appurtenancesy in the said county of Northumberland; and also all those manors or reputed manors 0/castle rigg and Derwentwater alias Keswick and Thormhwaite, with their and every of their rights, membersy and afpurtenanctsy in the county of Cumberland 5 and also all that the manor ^/'scremerfton, with the rights, membersy and appurtenances, in the county palatine of Durham; and also all and singular the messuages, grangesy far ms y lands, meadows, pa (lures, feedings, woods, underwoods, tenement s9 and hereditaments whatsoever, late the estates of the said James earl of Derwent water, or whereof he was fe'vzed of any estate of inheritance in possession, reversion, remainder, or expectancy, situate, lying, or being in the said counties Northumberland and Cumberland, and county palatine of Durham, and every of them, with their appur tenancesy which, by certain indentures of lease and release therein re died, bearing date the twenty-third and twenty-fourth days of June, one thousand seven hundred and twelve y were settled, limited, and offered to the uses in the said indenture of release of the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and twelve, mentioned, and the reversion and reversions, remainder and remainders, rentsy issues, and profits, ofall and singular the same premises should, from and immediately after the death of the said Charles Radcliffe in the said act named, be, and be deemed to have been, divested out of his then majesty, his heirs andfurteffors, and settled upon and vested in, and the same were thereby from thenceforth settled upon and vested in the mo ft noble

n3 Charles

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 24. [1776.

Charles duke of Richmond and Lenox, and the right honourable Henry Fox esquire, their heirs and assigns, freed, acquitted, and absolutely discharged, 0/, raw, W against all and every the uses, efates, and limitations, 10 W by the/aid indenture of release or jet tlement, dated the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and twelve, limited and created of and concerning the same, to and for the first and other sons of the said Charles Radclisse, and the issue male of such first and other sons, and freed and absolutely discharged of and from all such right, title, estate, interest, claim, and demand, as was vefied in his said Majesty, his heirs and successors, by virtue of the several attainders in the said act mentioned, or of the fit veral acts of parliament in the said act recited, or any of themm, and elfo freed and absolutely discharged of and from all such sight, title, )estate, interest, claim, and demand, as was vefied, or that might or could accrue or belong to his said late Majesty, his heirs or successors, by reason or means of James Bartholomew Radcliffe and James Clement Radclisse, in the said act named, or either of them, having been born out of the dominions of the crown of Great Britain, or otherwise howsoever, (save as therein after was saved) to the srfe of them the said Charles duke of Richmond and Lenox, and Henry Fox, their executors, administrators, and assigns, for and during, and unto the full end and term of five hundred years, to be computed from the day of the death of the said Charles Radclisse, and from thence next ensuing andfully to be complete and ended, without impeachment of wqfte; and, from and after the end, expiration, or other fooatr determination of the said term, then to and for the only proper use and behoof of the right honourable Archibald Hamilton esquire, commonly called Lord Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smith esquire, James Gunman esquire, sir John Thompson knight, sir James Creed knight, Peter Burrell esquire, William pawkener esquire, William Baxter esquire, Edward Vernon esquire, Thomas Ripley esquire, ioftor David Cockburn, James Spilman esquire, William Allix esquire, Fitzwilliam Plumptre esquire, William Young tsquire, and captain Francis Danfays, then being sixteen of the commtjjtoners or governors and directors of the said royal hospital for seamen at Greenwich, their heirs and assigns for ever; in trufl nevertheless, for themselves and the rest of the of or governors and directors for the time being of the said royal hospital, for the uses and furposes following; (that is to say,) In the first place, for and towards the finishing and tompleating the building of the said royal hospital; and after the building of the same should be completed and nished, for and towards the support of the said royal hospital, and for the better maintenance of the seamen of the said hospital worn out and become decrepit in the service of their country: and it was thereby further enacted, that the manor and lordship of Alstone alias Alftone Moore, and Garrigill, and all and every the and

appurtenances thereunto belonging, in the said county of Cumberland, and all those the two parts (the whole into three parts to be divided) of the manor and lordship of Newton Hall the said county Northumberland

; and all that the moiety or one half part of the village tr township of Buteland, its thepar of Chollerton W county of

jtfor*

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 24; 169

Northumberland; and all tbofi the rectories or parsonages of Kirke welpington, Harburne alias Hartburne, and Midford in the aid county of Northumberland; and all and singular the messuages, tithes, farms, lands, tenements, and hereditaments whatsoever, situate, lying, and being in the said county of Northumberland, which, by certain other indentures of lease and release, bearing date the twenty-third and twenty fourth days of March, one thousand six hundred and ninety one, in the said act mentioned, were settled, limited, and assured to the uses in the said indenture of release, of the twenty-fourth day of March, one thousand six hundred and ninety one, mentioned; and which by virtue of the several attainders in the said act mention ei, and of the several acts of parliament in the act now reciting respectively recited, or some of them, did then remain vefied in his said late majesty, his heirs and successors, subject to such appropriation of the rents and profits thereof for the use and benefit of the said royal hospital at Greenwich as in the act now reciting is mentioned; and the reversion and reversions, remainder and remainders, rents, issues, and profits, of all andjingular the said lost mentioned premises, should from thenceforth be divefied out of his said late Myfiy* his heirs and futcefiirs; and the same should be, and should be deemed to be, and they were accordingly from thenceforth settled upon, and vefied in, the said Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smith, James Gunman, sir John Thompson, r James Creed, Peter Burrell, William Fawkener,

William Baxter, Edward Vernon, Thomas Ripley, David cock burn, James Spiiman, William Allix, Fitzwilliam Plumptre,

William Young, and Francis Danfays, their heirs and assigns, to the use of them, their heirs and assigns, for ever, in trust nevertheless for themselves and the refi of the of or governors and directors for the time being of the said royal hospital, for and towards the fimshing and completing the building of the said royal hospital, and, after the building of the same should be completed and finished, for and towards the support of the said royal hospital, for the better maintenance of the seamen of the said hospital worn out and become decrepit in the service of their country, freed and absolutely discharged of and from all such right, title, efiafe, interefi, claim, and demand, as was vefied in his said Majesty, his heirs and successors, by virtue ojf the several attainders in the act now reciting mentioned, or of the Jemal acts of parliament therein also recited, or any of them, or otherwise howsoever, and freed and absolutely discharged of and from all such right, title, estate, interefi, claim, or demand, as any other person or persons whatsoever then had, or might, or could have had, in or to the said lafi mentioned manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, or in or to any part or parcel thereof, upon any account whatsoever, save as thertin after is mentioned: and it was thereby also enabled, That the said Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smith,

James Gunman, sir John Thompson, sir James Creed, Peter Surrell, William Fawkener, William Baxter, Edward Vernon,

Thomas Ripley, David Cockburn, James Spiiman, William auix, Fitzwilliam Plumptre, William Young, and Francis Danfays, their heirs and assigns, should, in trufi as of 'ores aid, but subject to the term of five hundred years, (as to the premises com

N 4 t prish

170

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 24. [1776.

prlfed in the said settlement of the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and twelve, and as the same was therein before created and limited,) held and enjoy all and finguhr the manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, comprised in the said settlements of the twenty-fourth day of March, one thousand six hundred and ninety one, and twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and twelves and which were therein before vefied, or mentioned to be vefied, in the said Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smith, James Gunman, sir John Thompson, r James Creed, Peter Burrell, William Fawkener, William Baxter, Edward Vernon, Thomas Ripley, David Cockburn, James Spiiman, William Allix, Fitzwilliam Plumptre, William Young, and Francis dar.fays, and the same should be, and be deemed to be, held of the said late king's majesty, his heirs and successors, as of his said late majesty's manor of feast Greenwich in the county of Kent, by free and common soccage tenure; but nevertheless the said manors, lands) tenements, and hereditaments, should be, and should be deemed to be, jubjccl to such quit rents, crown rents, and duteby rents, issuing the reout respectively, as the same were reffectively liablt to on the twenty-third day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifteen t! Commission and it was thereby also enacted and declared, That the then present cr r rs atcounta fuiure corfimissioners or governors and directors of the said royal hospi liie to the > of at Greenwich, or any of them should not be answerable or account pital only for able to any person or persons, other than to the said royal hospital, for profits ot or in respect of all or any part of the rents, issues, and profits, of the

lands, See. ja manqrsf lands, tenements, and hereditaments, comprised in the

indentures of lease and release of the twenty-third and twenty-fourth days of June, one thousand seven hundred and twelve, in the said act recited, which had accrued or become due from the death of the said Charles Radclisse, and which had then already been, or should there exception, after be received by them, or any of them, except by laying such CC j counts before his Majesty and both houses of parliament, as by a certain ad, of the eighth year of his said late majesty's reign, is directed; but that all such rents, issues, and profits, and all fines and sum of money which had accrued or become due or payable from the death of the said Charles Radclisse, should be appropriated and applied to the uses and for the purposes in the said act, of the eighth year of his said tare majesty's reign, mentioned, and in the CCI now reciting mentioned never theless, that they the said of or governors and directors for the time being, should from time to time lay the accounts of their receipts, payments, and disbursements, before his Majesty and both houses of parliament, as by the said recited act, of the eighth year of his said late Majesty, is directed, as well with respect to the manors, lands, and hereditaments, comprised in the said settlement of the twenty-fourth day of j une, one thousand seven hundred and twefvme, as with respect to the manors, lands, and hereditaments, comprised in tin said settlement of the twenty-fourth day of March, one thousand six hundred and ninety one; and after reciting, that by reafin of the limitation therein before made to the said Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smith, James Gunman, sir John Thompson, yr James Creed, Peter Burrell, William Fawkener, William Baxter, Ed

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 24. tjrt

ward Vernon, Thomas Ripley, David Cockburn, Jamds spil mart, William Allix, Fitzwilliam pjumptre, William Young, and Francis Danfays, of the aid manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in manner aforesaid, a doubt might be made whether the tenants of the said estates ought from thenceforth to do such acts and ferviees, and pay such fines and Jams, as, by the nature and tenure of their estates, founded upon Immemorial usage and custom or otherwise, they would be to have done and performed and paid on the death of any lord thereof \ in case the limitation of the said manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, was made to a particular person only and his heirs; in order to make the like provisions as were made by the act of the eleventh year of his said late Majesty's reign, for obliging the tenants of the said estates to do such acts and ferviees, and to pay such fines andfilms of money as aforesaid, it was further enacted, That upon the death of his said late Majesty, and also upon the death of every successive King and Queen of this realm, all such acts and ferviees should be done and C enabled performed, and all such fines and sums of money should be paid by the that ferviees respective tenants of the said estates to the said of or goitre be done, and nprs and dire stor s for the time being of the said royal hospital at Green tenants

which, as by the ancient tenure thereof, or by any contrast, law, usage, agreeable to or custom, ought to be done, performed, and paid by them, in case the ancient tt said manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, had continued to be, nure. or were actually vefied in his said late Majesty, his heirs and succes jbrs; and that be and they were to be considered as private persons only, and not in their politic capacity; and for default of performance of such acts and ferviees which ought so to be done and performed, and for dejault of payment of any such fines andfums of money which ought so to be paid, such forfeitures and penalties should accrue and become due, and it should be lawful for the said of or governors and directors for the time being of the said royal hospital, in the name of any one of them, to use and take all such ways and means Jor recovering and taking advantage of the said f orfeitures and penalties as might be lawfully ufd or taken by his Majesty, his heirs and successots, tn case the said manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, had continued to be or were actually vefied in his said Majesty, his heirs and successors, and that he and they were to be considered as private persons only, and not in their politic capacity \ any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding: and it was thereby also further enacted, That the said Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smith, James Gunman, sir John Thompson, William Fawkener, and William Baxter, and the survivors and survivor of them, and the executors and adminifira tors of fuib survivor, should Hand possessed of and interested tn the barony, manors, lands, and hereditaments, by two several indentures, both bearing date the fifteenth day of February, one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, in the act now reciting particularly mentioned, respectively bargained, sold, and assigned unto the said Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smith, James Gunman, yr Edward Bellamy, sir John Thompson, William Fawkener, and William Baxter, their executors, administrators, and assigns, for and during all the rejl, residue, and remainder then to come and unexpired, of tffe several terjps of five hundred years and five hundred years in the same '*' r '*' jnden*

*7* Anno, tfccimo facto Georgii III. c. 24. [1776.

indentures mentioned; and that they the (did Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smith, Jaipes Gunman, sir John Thompson, William Fawkener, and William Baxter, and the survivors and Jurvivor of them, and the respective heirs, executors, and administrators, such survivor, fiand possessed of and interested in the

sum of three thousand pounds in the act now reciting mentioned, i /£* barony, manors, zawj, and hereditaments, charged with the payment thereof \ in trustyfor the of or governors and directors for the time beings of the said royal hospital at Greenwich, and to the intent that the said last memioned terms offive hundred years and five hundred years might attend and wait upon the freehold and inheritance of the premises therein respectively comprised and by the act now reciting limited to the said Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smith, James Gunman, sir John Thompson, sir James Creed, Peter Burrell, William Fawkener, William Baxter, Edward Vernon, Thomas Ripley, dav/d Cockburn, James Spiiman, William Allix, Fitzwilliam Plumptre, William Young, and Francis dan says, and to protest the same from all mesne encumbrances, if any should happen to be; but subject nevertheless, and without prejudice, to the said term of five hundred years therein before limited to the said Charles duke/* Richmond and Lenox and Henry Fox, their exe actors, administrat ors and assigns, as aforesaid: and it was thereby Commission further enacted, That it should and might be lawful to and for the ers or govern of or governors and director j, for the time being, of the said or empower y0yal hospital at Greenwich, or any seven or more of themy from time ftcwa*dfore to ttme* an at^itmei thereafter to appoint fiewardsy receiversy or ceivers, C hailiffsy of the said manors lands, tenement, and hereditaments, and to invefi them with full power to receive and get in the rents, iffutsy and profits thereof \ and to give receipts iifchargesy and acquittances for thefamey and to hold courts, and to do and perform all acts, matters y and things, necessary for the managing of the said'premises, usually done and performed byfiewardsy receivers, and bailiffs, and also to aj sign and allow such salaries and rewards to the said Jlewardt, re' eeiversy and bailiffs, as the said of or governors and directors

of the said royal hospital for the time being, or any seven or mere of and to sell themy should think requisite and necessary in that behalf; and also that timber. it should and might be lawful to and for the said of or governors and directors of the said hospital for the time being, or anyseven or more of themy from time to time, and at all times thereofter, to contra ft for the sale of, and accordingly to make sale and dispose of, all or any such part or parts of the timber or timber trees on the said eflatesy as they toe said of or governors and dir eftor j, or any seven or more of themy should think fity and to authorise and appoint any person or persons to make any contrast or contrasts for the sale of all or any part or parts of such timber and timber trees and to receive the purchase money for the famey without being obliged to make any application for all or any of those purposes to his Majestfs court of exchequer, or to any person or persons whatsoever: and it was thereby also further enacted, That the money to arise by the sale of the said timber should bq applied to the use of the said hospital \ so nevertheless as that no person or persons who should pwrchofe any part of such timber should bq

4

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. *4. 175

answerable for tbi application of such purchase money; and that it should and might be lavoful to and for the/aid of or governors and directors of the said hospital, or any seven or more of them, to direct the ratting down, from time to time, such timber and timber trees from tff the said estates as they should at any time adjudge necessary or sitting to be used in the repairing any houses, tenements, buildings, or efec tiens, on the said estates, or to be used in the building any new boujis, tenements, edifices, buildings, orjiruflures, as they should judge sitting to be ere fled on the said estates, or should think it necessary or reasonable to build or ere ft for any tenants of the said estates, or for the be aefit or improvement of the premises, or any part thereof: and it was Co toereby further enabled. That it Jbotdd and might be lawful to and for ^were^to" tbq of or governors and directors for the time being of the grant leases of said royal hospital at Greenwich, or any seven or more of them, from mine, lands, time to time, and at all times thereafter, to demise and grant all and for 11 every or any of the mines of lead, coal, and other minerals, as wellycarg* opened as not opened, within and under any of the aforesaid lands and premises, to any person or persons, for any term or number of years not exceeding twenty-one years, and to grant leases of all or any of the aforesaid manors, lands, tenements, and beredit&tnints, unto any person or persons for any term or number of years not exceeding twenty-one years, to take effect in possession, and not in reversion, reserving in every leafej demise, or grant of mines, such dues, relit or rents, and profits, as they should judge most reasonable: and reserving on every other lease and demise the bed yearly or other rents or dues which can be reasonably gotten for the same, without taking any fine, premium, or foregift; and that it should be lawful for he said of or governors and directors of the said hospital, or any seven or more of them, to grant in every such lease, demise, and grant of mines and minerals, to the respective adventurers, lessee or If [fees of such mines and minerals, full power and liberty to win and work the same mines and minerals, and to do every other raafonoble aft and thing requisite and necessary for that purpose j but it was thereby enacted, That in every such demise and lease there should be contained a condition of re entry for nonpayment of the relit and rents thereby respectively to be reserved; and it'should be requisite for the respective le/fees to execute counterparts of all such demises and leases > no clause should be contained in any of the said demises or leases, other than in the demises or leases of the said mines or minerals, whereby to give power to any lejfee to commit*tvafle, or to exempt him, her, or them, from punishment for committing the same: and after reciting that the fines, customs, and fiervices, by and under which several of the tenants held their farms, lands, tenements, and estates, lying and being within several of the aforesaid manors, were agreed, ascertained, or expressed, in some articles, indent ture, deed or writing, then or late in the custody or power of fiotne of the said tenants, which, if produced, might be a means to prevent dis fiutes, differences, and suits, concerning the said fines, customs, and fiervices, and for the quiet and benefit both of the lord and tenants; and it might happen that such tenants might refuse to produce orjhew such articles, indenture, deed, or writing, it was therefore enacted,

bat it should and might be lawful, to and for any seven or mqre o

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 24. [1776.

the of or governors and direqon of the said hospital for the time being, to apply to his Majesty's court of Exchequer at Westminster, by a motion in a summary way, again any tenant or tenants bolding any farms, lands, tenements, or estates, lying and being within the said manors, or any of them, of whose having in his, her or their custody or power any such articles, indenture, writings probable

evidence should be Showed tg the satisfaction of the said court, r such tenant or tenants to produce and Show forth the same; upon which motion it should and might be lawful to and for the said court of Exchequer to examine and inquire into the said matter, and make such order or orders with respetl to the producing and Showing forth any such articles, indenture, deed, or writing, by any such tenant or tenants appearing to the said court to have the same in his, her, or their custody or power, and with respect to any copy or copies to be had and made thereof and such other order and orders concerning the same, as the said court should think proper and jujl: and it was thereby further Trustees ita enabled, That so soon as it should happen that so many of them the said powered, so Archibald Hampton, Charles Smith, James Gunman, sir John Thompson, fr James Creed, Peter Burrell, William Fawkener, be reduced to William Baxter, Edward Vernon, Thomas Ripley, David II to choose Cockburn, James Spilmaq, William Allix, Fitzwilliam plump new ones, C tre, William Young, and Francis Danfays, the trustees nominated and appointed in and by the said act, for and on behalf of the said com mijftoners or governors and directors of the said royal hospital at Greenwich, should happen to die, so as that the number of such true jlees should be reduced to eleven, or to any ujfer number, that then, and in that case, it should and might be lawful to and for the com mijftoners or governors and directors of the said hospital for the time being, or any seven or more of them, and they were thereby authorised and empowered at any time thereafter, by any deed or infrument in writing under their respective hands and jeals, to be enrolled in his Majestfs high court of Chancery, to nominate such other persons as they the said of or governors and directors of the said hospital, or any seven or more of them, should think fit, in the plate of such of the said trustees as shouldjo happen to die; and that it should and might be lawful to and for the said of or governors and directors of the said hospital for the time beitgg, or any seven or more of them, and they were thereby authorised and empowered, from time to time, and at all times afterwards, when and so often as any other of the said trustees, or when and so often as any of such other persons as should be so nominated as aforesaid, or any other persons to be afterwards nominated in pursuance of the said all (which they were thereby authorisd and empowered to nominate accordingly) should happen to die, by any such deed or instrument in writing as aforesaid, to nominate such other persons as they the said of or governors and directors, or any seven or more of them, should think fit, in the place of all and every the person and persons so dying: qnd it was thereby also enabled and declared That from and immediately after every such nomination, all and singular the manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and powers, thereinbefore limited and given to the said Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smith, James Gunman, jr John Thompson, sir Tames Creed,

Peter

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 24.

Peter Burrell, William Fawkener, William Baxter, Edward Vernon, Thomas Ripley, David Cockburn, James Spilmart,

William Allix, Firzwiliiam Plumptre, William Young, 'and Francis Danfays, and their heirs as aforesaid, should be well vested in the persons who from time to time should be so nominated as aforesaid, jointly with the survivors of the fa'td trustees, or such other persons as aforesaid, and in their heirs, in trufl, for the said commissioners or governors and dire ft on of the said hospital, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes as if the persons so to be nominated as aforesaid had been actually named in the act now reciting, and the the said manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and powers, had been thereby limited and given to them and the survivors of the said trustees, or such other persons as aforesaid, and their heirs: and whereas the persons, in whom the said manors, messuages, lands, te nements, and hereditaments were, by or by virtue of the said act of parliament, vejled, have been several times reduced to eleven or a less number, and thereupon appointments of new trustees have been from time to time made, executed, and inroiled in his majesty's high court of Chancery, pursuant to the said act of parliament: and whereas the of and governors of the said hospital, ft nee the passing of the said act of parliament, have made some small purchases of lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, in the counties Northumberland and Cumberland, and county palatine of Durham, for the better accommodation of the tenants of the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, comprised or mentioned in the said recited act of parliament; and such purchased premises have been conveyed to such persons as, at the several times of making such purchases, were trustees of the estates lately belonging to the said earl of Derwent water and charjes Radclisse, for the use of the said hospital: and whereas bis1*arioaijen latemujesty King Charles the First, by his letters patent, bearing date on or about the thirteenth day of February which was in the twelfth Granted year of his reign, did appoint that certain light houses which had been i*car. 1. erefled by sir John Meldrum on the North and South Foreland, should be continued, and that he might alter, renew, remove, or change them, and that there should be collected from every vessel, whether belonging to subjects or firangers, passing byjuch light houses, certain duties per tonne, and gave several directions for collecting and getting in the same, and granted the said duties to the said sir John Meldrum, his executors, administrators, and affiigns, for fifty years from the date of the said latters patent, under the relit of twenty pounds, payable into the Exchequer by half yearly payments: and whereas his lute majesty King Charles the Second, by his letters patent, bearing3 Car. u date on or about the twenty first day of July which was in the twenty-third year of his reign, did grant the said duties to John Smith, tffuire, for the further term of thirty years, to commence from the expiration of the former grant to the said sir John Meldrum: and whereas the said duties afterwards became the property of Robert chbolfton esquire: and whereas her late majesty Queen Anne, by 3 Anne. ber letters patent, bearing date on or about the fit ft day of June which was in the third year of her reign, did grant the said duties to the said Robert Olbolfton, for the further term of seventeen years, to commence

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 24'.

[1776.

mince from the expiration of tie former grant to the said John Smith \ and the said duties, together with three messuages or tenements fttuate on Saint peter's Hill in the city of London, by virtue of the will of the said Robert Ofbolfton, bearing date on or about the tenth day of October which was in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and [even, became the property of the said 3 Geo. hospital: and whereas his late majesty King George the Second, by his letters patent, bearing date on or about the fourteenth day of July which was in the third ye/sr of his reign, did give and grant unto sir John Jennings, Joseph Soanes, Philip Cavendish, sir Gerrard Conyers, sir Edward Bellamy, sir John Thompson, yr Thomas Colby, Samuel Held, William Fawkener, Baltzar Lyell, John Hanbury, Ralph Radclisse, Nicholas Clarke, William Baxter, Sidney Godolphin, Charles Chamberlain, Edward Vernon, John Guy, William Collier, Jayes Sewell, Richard Moretoq, Colin Campbell, Charles Vanburgh, and Joseph Bell, their exe tutors, administrators, and assigns, full power and authority, at their own charges, with the advice of skilful seafaring men, to continue, maintain, ere ft, alter, renew, and change, the respective light houses and lights upon the North and South Foreland; and did give and grant unto them, their executors, administrators, ' and assigns, certain duties payable for Ships and other vessels having the benefit of the said light houses and lights, with powers to colie ft the same, to bold to them, their executors, administrators, and assigns, for ninety-nine years, from the expiration, surrender, forfeiture, or other sooner determination, of the letters patent therein recited, and the grant thereby made to the said Robert Ofbolfton, in trufi, for the foleuse, benefit, and behoof, of the poor seamen of the said hospital: and whereas his pre and if Geo vfent Majesty, by his letters patent, bearing date on or about the sixth day of December now last past, after reciting the letters patent granted by King William and Queen Mary, Queen Anne, King George the First, and King George the Second, for the sounding, erecting, and managing the said hospital, as htrein before mentioned; and also reciting, that it had been found that the powers contained in the said recited letters patent had not been competent for the collecting, receiving, and applying, the revenues, rents, profits, and emoluments, given, appropriated, and belonging, or which might thereafter be given, appropriated, or belong to, or to the use of the said hospital, and bad also been found insufficient for other necessary and beneficial purposes -. great inconveniences and Losses had happened to the said hospi

fons sin tal, did ordain, appoint, and establish. That certain persons, in the let

reciting patent ters patent now reciting named and described, should for ever thereafter described, in be, by virtue of the said letters patent, one body politic and corporate, corpora ted: in jeej ang in nme, by the name of The of and go

their name. vernors of the royal hospital for seamen at Greenwich in the county of Kent; and did also give sundry powers to such corporation for the better regulation and management thereof: and whereas great in conveniences will arise to the said corporation in case the legal'estatesof and in the piece or parcel of ground, capital messuage, and other mtft fuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, herein befort mentioned to besituate, lying, and being at Greenwich and on Saint peter's Hill aforesaid;

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 24. ij}

and of and in the said barony, manors, mjfuages, landsytene+ aents, and hereditaments, herein before mentioned to be situate, lyings and being in the counties Northumberland W Cumberland, and county palatine j/*durham, vested by the said recited affs of parliament or purchased as aforesaid, and of and in the said lighthouse duties, ball continue and remain in so many persons as the same are now vefed iny and which inconveniences will be wholly removed by vejiing such legal efates in the said corporation, who are now capable by law of taking and holding the same may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all and every After May 1, the barony, manors, messuages, lands, tenements, tithes, and776. all hereditaments, and lighthouse duties, with their several rights, members, and appurtenances, heretofore given, granted, devised, heretofore settled upon, or vested in, or conveyed or limited or devised or given or assigned to, any person or persons whomsoever, in trust for, or granted to, or for the use or benefit of the said hospital, or given, granted, or Greenwich f devised to the said hospital, by any gift, grant, letters patent, hospital, vested will, letters of administration, act of parliament, indentures, in the corpo deed poll, or other deed in writing, or otherwise howsoever, and ration of the the reversion and reversions, remainder and remainders, rents, t^vem^ifsups, and profits thereof, shall, from and after the first day of org>

May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, be divested out of all and every such person and persons, his, her, and their heirs, executors, and administrators, and the same shall be, and shall be deemed to be, and they are accordingly from thenceforth settled upon and vested in the said corporation, being the of and governors of the royal hospital for seamen at Greenwich in the county of Kent, their successors and assigns, to the use of the said of and governors of the said royal hospital, their successors and assigns, for ever, freed and absolutely discharged of and from all such right, title, estate, interest, claim, and demand, as any person or persons whatsoever hath or have, or may or can have, in or to the said barony, manors, messuages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, and lighthouse duties, or in or to any part or parcel thereof, upon any account howsoever, save as herein after is mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Act 12 Geo. 2. from and after the said first day of May, one thousand seven hurt repealed, dred and seventy six, all and every the clauses and powers hereinbefore

recited to be contained in the said act of the twenty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second; and also so much of the act passed in the eighth year of the reign of his said late majesty King George the Second, as relates to laying the accounts of the of or governors of the said hospital before his Majesty and both houses of parliament; shall be, and the same are hereby repealed. T.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said commissioness barc£"

and governors of the said royal hospital, their successors and af ny, lands. See.

a signs, are to be held.

Services to be performed, and fines paid, by thetenants, agreeable to the ancient tenure. See,

How forfeitures and penalties may be recovered.

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 24. [1776.

signs, shall hold and enjoy all and singular the said barony, manors, tnefluages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, and the same shall be and be deemed to be held of the king's majesty, his heirs and successors, as of his majesty's manor of East Greenwich in the county of Kent, by free and common soccage tenure; but nevertheless the said barony, manors, messuages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, shall be, and shall be deemed to be, subject to such quit rents, crown rents, and duchy rents, issuing the reout respectively, as the same are now respectively liable to.

IV. And whereas, by reason of the settling of the said barony, manors, messuages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, in the said of and governors of the said royal hospital in manner aforesaid, 0 doubt may be made whether the tenants of the said estates ought from henceforth to do such acts and services, and pay such fines and fiums as, by the nature and tenure of their estates, founded upon immemorial usage and custom or otherwise, they would be to have done and performed and paid on the death of any lord thereof, in case the settlement of the said barony, manors, messuages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, was made to a particular person only and his heirs: now, in order to make the like provisions as were made by an act of parliament, made and passed in the eleventh year, and of the said aftpassed in the twenty second year of his late Majesty's reignfor obliging the tenants of the said estates to do such acts and services, and to pdy such fines and sums of money as aforesaid, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon the death of his present Majesty, (whom God long preserve for the benefit of his people), and also upon the death of every successive King or Queen of this realm, all such adis and services shall be done and performed, and all such fines and sums of money shall be paid, by the respective tenants of the said estates, to the said of and governors of the said royal hospital, as by the ancient tenure thereof, or by any contract, law, usage, or custom, ought to be done, performed, and paid by them, in case the said manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, had continued to be or were actually vested in his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and that he and they were to be considered as private persons only, and not in their politic capacity; and for default of performance of such adu and services which ought so to be done and performed, and for default of payment of any such fines and sums of money which ought so to be paid such forfeitures and penalties shall accrue and become due; and it shall be lawful for the said of and governors of the said royal hospital to ufeand take all such ways and means for recovering and taking advantage of the said forfeitures and penalties as might be lawfully used or taken by his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in case the said manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, were actually vested in his Majesty, his heirs andtucceflfors, and that he and they were to be considered as private persons only, and not in their politic capacity; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 24. 179

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That All stock an all and every person and persons, in whose name or names any vcited for" stock annuities, or other moneys, is or are now (landing or being {j/use Of the in trust for, or for the use or benefit of the said hospital, or in hospital, to be whom any stock annuities or other moneys, hath or have been transferred to invested for, or for the use or benefit of the said hospital, and the e corpora, ftirvivors and survivor of them, or the executors and admini tlon# strators of such survivor, shall, as soon as conveniently may be

after the passing this a, assign and transfer such stock annuities, or other moneys as aforesaid, unto the said corporation,

VI. And whereas diverse penalties, forfeituregifts % duties, and aether benefits have been given granted, settled, appropriated, and established9 for the use and benefit of the said royal hospital and the maintenance thereof in and by diverse Statutes heretofore made and now in forces and diverse modes have been preferred by such Statutes for the recovery of such penalties, forfhtures, gifts duties, and other benefits; and inconveniences have arisen in turfuing such modes for the recovery thereof; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the first dty of May, one thousand seven All penalties, hundred and seventy six, alt and every penalties, forfeitures, gifts, etc^given gifts duties, and other benefits, given, granted, settled upon, to or vc m or veiled in, any person or persons whomsoever, in trust for, or fo/th^benefit for the use or benefit of, the said bofjpital, or given, granted, or of the hospital, appropriated to the said hospital, shall be deemed to be, and they shall, after are accordingly from thenceforth settled upon, veiled in, and f ll appropriated to the of and governors of the royal je commifli hospital for seamen at Greenwich in the county of Kent, their file oners, etc. ceflors and assigns, for the use and benefit or the said royal hospital; and that all such suits as (half or may be necessary to be brought for the recovery of any such penalties, forfeitures, gifts, duties, or other benefits as aforesaid, or any part? of them, or either of them, shall and may be brought, commenced, and prosecuted, by and in the name of The of and governors of the royal hospital for seamen at Greenwich in the county of Kent, in such and the same nrtanner as if such penalties, forfeitures, gifts, duties, and other benefits as aforesaid, had accrued to the said of and governors of the said hospital in their corpot rale capacity; any law, Statute, usage, or custom, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VII. Provided always, That all and every the Tuits, bills, Provife* plaints, informations, or anions, which are now depending in

aby of his majesty's courts of record, shall and may be prosecuted and carried on in such and the same manner as if this at had not been made.

VIII. Provided also, That all and every lease and demise of Thli not ill, or any the lands, tenement, mines, and hereditaments, of to invalidate or belonging to the said royal hospital, shall and may be, and l*asea, etc. art hereby deemed to be valid and effectual to all intents and purposes, in such and the same manner as if this act had not been made.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

iso Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 24 — 28. [1776.

Part of an act

That from and after the first day of May, one thousand seven 33 Geo. a. re hundred and seventy six, so much and such part of an adfc, made pealed. ancj paffoi n the thirty third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the more effectud securing the payment of such prize and bounty moneys as were appropriated to the use of Greenwich hospital, by an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the encouragement of seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his majesty's navy, as relates to the manner of levying and recovering penalties and forfeitures, and parts of penalties and forfeitures, given or granted to or for the benefit of the said hospital, shall be, and the lame is hereby repealed, Public act, X And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be a publick alt; and all judges, justices, and others, are hereby required to take notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXV.

An act for lighting and watching the streets, lanes, and other public pailages and places, within the borough of Bolton, in the county of Lincoln; and for removing and preventing nuisances, annoyances and obstructions therein.

CAP. XXVI.

An act for lighting and watching the villages of Camberwell and peck ham, in the county of Surrey, and certain roads therein mentioned leading thereto; and for establishing a foot patrol between Peckhaa and blackman street in the borough of Southwark

CAP. XXVII.

An act for better cleansing, lighting, and watching the streets, lanes, and other public passages, within the borough of Dorchester, in the county of Dorset, and in the tithing of colliton row, in the town of Dorchester aforesaid; for paving the footways and repairing certain horseways of such parts thereof as are turnpike; and for paving the footways and repairing the horseways of such parts thereof as are not turnpike*for removing nuisances, annoyances, and cbflxuftions therein $ and for preventing houses or buildings, hereafter to be erected in the said borough and tithing, from being thatched.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from or near the own of Stourbridge, in the county of Worcester, to join the stafford Shire and Worcestershire canal, at or near Stourton, in the county of - Stafford; and also two collateral cuts, one from a place called The Fens, upon penfnet chase, to communicate with the intended canal near the.junction of wordelley brook with the river Stour; and the other from a place called Black Delph, upon the said chase, to join the first mentioned collateral cut at or near certain lands called The Lays, in the parish of Kingswinford, in the said county of Stafford.

[Preamble.]

Names of the proprietors; who are incorporated: their powers. Course of the canal and cuts described. Company of Proprietors liftpowered to supply the canal with water from the adjoining brooks, C to enter lands or grounds to take surveys, See. and to dig and carry away stone, gravel, C Company may build bridges, fluiccs, C make fences, and towing paths, C doing as little damage as possible, and making

fatiu

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 28.

[Proviso.]

satisfo&ion for the same. Company not to dig clay, See. in any lands of Mr. Hodgetts. Proprietors not authorised (without the consent of Mr. Hodgetts) to lay earth, jsec. on certain places j nor to carry the canal within 30 yards of his plantation at Hatcut 5 nor to leave spoil or earth on his land near the road from Hafcut to Stewponey. Proprietors not to extend canal within one mile and a half of Birmingham canal, C

[Proviso.]

No water to be taken out of Birmingham canal navigation, Sec. Proprietors not to take or divert certain waters. Reservauon of waters for the use of the navigation. Proprietors not to make reservpirs on the southeast side of the turnpike road between Dudley and brierly bill. See. Watte water to be conveyed to Mr. Foster's leather pnill. Proprietors may erect weirs, for carrying off superfluous water in times of flood. Proprietors to erelt weirs upon the canal above Bell's mill. No quays. Sec. to be made in Mr. Foster's land in nager's Fields. Direction of towing path through Nager's Fields. Breadth of canal, towing paths, C re ftn&ed. Power to take water from mines*and also to make reservoirs, trenches, See. making recompense for damages. Proprietors of fire engines, C to lift their water into the canal. Sec. How to proceed if parties cannot agree upon the compensation, Sec. Punishment of owners of fire engines, Sec. who shall refuse to raise the water as abovementioned. Bodies politic, Sec. empowered to sell and convey. All persons indemnified who shall sell or convey, Sec. by virtue of this act. Copyhold rights to be preserved. Commissioners appointed. Commissioners powers: they may determine what sums shall be paid for land. See. and for damages. In what cases juries to be impanelled. Jurymen may be challenged. Jury to ascertain the sums to be paid for purchase money, damages, Sec. Their verdicto be final.^Penalties on sheriff, jurors, Sec. neglecting their duty. Expenses of Juries how to be paid. Persons requesting juries to enter into bond to prosecute, Sec. No complaints to be made to of, until application hath been made to proprietors Penalty on giving false evidence. Upon payment or tender of moneys

[Proviso.]

rid on for purchase of lands, C the said lands vested in proprietors, may enter on the same, Sec. Determinations, verdis, Sec. to be recorded, and lands to become vested in the company. purchase moneys to be laid out to the same uses, C and, until such purchases are made, to be placed in some of the public funds, Sec. Commissioners to settle proportions of money to be paid to persons interested. In default of payment of damages, how'to be recovered. If Damages and costs not paid within, four months, may be levied by distress and sale. Commissioners to enter their proceedings in a book, and appoint a clerk. Destroying any works belonging to the navigation made felony. Offender may be transported for 7 years. Sec. or fined double the value of the damage. Proprietors may raise amongst themselves 30, 0001; to be applied in making canal, Sec. Money to be raised shall be divided into 300 shares.) and deemed personal eft ate. No person, body politic, C to haveinore than ten shares. Five percent, to be paid till the works are completed. Subscribers to have a vote for each share, either in person or by proxy. General assemblies to be held twice in every year. A committee to be chosen. A special meeting may be held, after ten days notice. Committee subject to control of general assembly, C Books of account to be kept. Sec. General assemblies to consist of 100 shares. Power of general assemblies and / committees. Owners to pay their shares when called for, See. Penalty on neglect thereof. Shares not to be forfeited until after persona! notice. See Treasurer to give security. Security to be enrolled, within 3 months after given. General assemblies may remove committee men and officers and make bylaws. In case of death of subscriber, executors. Sec. may an fwer^calls, or in default thereof, shares may be disposed. of Proprietors may sell their shares) the mode of doing it. No sale pending cads. Form of transfer of shares. Clerk to be appointed j his duty. Penalty, for de fault therein, 5l. Rates to be taken for goods navigated on the canal, Sec.

If rates not paid on demand, proprietors my sue for the same, or distrain the vessel. See. Additional tonnage for goods left dn company's wharf above4 hours. Exemptions from rates in certain cases. Persons carry, ing paving ftoacst C may make use of towing path?, See. Proprietors

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 281.

may alter rates from time to time. Mo reduction to be made, without the approbation of a majority at a general meeting. threepence to be taken fr every tonne of coals which mail have parted through any of the locks on the intended Dudley canal. A duty of id. per tonne per msif* may be laid upon all coals that shall be navigated upon the Staifordshire canal navigation. Proprietors of Staffordshire canal empowered to reduce their tolls, and to raiie them again. At what places the aforesaid toll of a d. per tonne on coals, on the Staffordshire canal, is to continence. Matter of boats, See. to give an account in writing to the collectors, of goods on board. Penalty on default. How many feet of timber to be deemed a tonne, C collt&ors may weigh or measure goods. Charges of weighing. See. how to be paid. Navigation to be free on payment of tolls. Mo boat under 15 tonnes to pass through any lock, Sec., Owners of adjoining lands may use pleasure boats. Drains, ore. to be made for the benefit of lands adjoining, and kept in repair by the proprietors. towing paths to be fenced from the adjoining lands. Gates, bridges, Sec. to be erected. If

proprietors neglect to separate towing paths, C Occupiers of adjacent anas my do it, who shall be reimbursed by the proprietors. In default of payment, to be levied by distress. In case the company neglect to re

air rails, hedges. Sec. occupiers of lands may do it. Coals, Scc. found in igging the canal, may be taken by proprietors of lands. Proprietors of mines, Scc. may make drains to carry water from the same, Sec, Mines not 'to be worked within n yards of canal. Method of getting coal. Sec, under canal. Method of discovering when mines are working under or near the canal. How proprietors to proceed in such cases. Company to inspect coal mines. Sec. On failure whereof, owners may work the famcj or the company shall make them satisfaction. Disputes to be settled by the of, Sec. Owners of mines may make cuts through thetr own grounds. Owners of mines empowered to make rail ways. Sec. If < parties cannot agree, may apply to the of, who are to view the place, and settle the differences, Sec. Proprietors may erect a towing bridge over the Staffordshire canal $ making latiifaction for damages, Lowermost lock on canal, not to be of iefs fall than 10 feet. Canal, between Stourbridge and bell's Mill, to be on a level. Time limited for finishing certain parts of canal, Sec. Owners of adjoining lands may erect bridges, cat their own charge. Company restrained from erecting or taking down certain buildings, dec. or cutting down timber, CC fexcept as excepted.) Proprietors empowered to take down certain (hops, etc. belonging to the earl of Stamford. If parties cannot agree, difference to be settled oy of, C Company not to take down certain hooses, without content of owners, dec. land ownrrs, may erect warehouses, con their own lands, C If landowners neglect to build, See. after twelve months notice, proprietors may do it, making satisfaction to the owners. Proprietors not to make i^acts over lands of the earl of Stamford, Sec. without their content, nor to leave goods on their wharves, longer than 6 days, crates for wharfage to be paid to landowners. Company of proprietors may ere cranes, Scc. on wharves, if owners neglect. Weight of the lading of vessels to be marked on each side, and names of the owners, con penalty of 40 s. Boats, C to be measured: Penalty, on yefufal, 40 s. Boatiuaiter or owner made answerable for damages done by the crew. Proper places to be made for boats to turn or lie in Penalty on placing vessels so as to obstrutt the navigation, C Vessels sunk to be weighed. Persons floating timber on the canal, or over loading vessels, r throwing gravel, Sec. into canal, to forfeit, 51. Regulations for vessels parting the locks. Penalty of 40 s. for each offence. Canal not to be under the power of of of sewers. If company neglect to pay annual rents. Sec. Commissioners may appoint a person to receive the rates, and pay the same. Sec. Reservation of rights of lords of manors, See. relating to mines, Sec. Company not to erect warehouses, dec. without content of landowners. Reservation of exclusive rights of fishfry, be. Care being taken not to injure canal, towing paths, See. Unqualified persons not to carry any gun, fishing net, Sec. on board any vessel, on penalty of 5l. for each offence. When of die, or refute to act, new taes to be chosen. Justices at. quarter ftffioiu empowered to nominate

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 29. g.

[Public act.]

[Double costs.]

[General issue.]

commissioncw in certain cases. Qualification of comraidioners. Any per fonacting, not qualified, to forfeit 50). Commissioners to give 14 days notice of their meetings. commissioners to be sworn. Their oath. com nifikmers may a ft as Justices No commissioner to act as such while ho possesses any place of profit, C Five of, on requed of proprietors, See. may appoint a general meeting of of Power to bold special meetings for ascertaining damages. No meeting to be held, but within two miles of the canal, C The right, C to lands, in case navigation not completed, See. to be re conveyed to original owners. In case of dispate, jury to award the consideration money, C Subfceibero who neglect to pay their subscriptions, may be compelied, C Expence of this act how to be paid. Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied. Writings to be without damps. Proceedings not to be / qaaflied for want of form, See. Distress not to be deemed unlawful foe want of form. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the sessions. limibtiot of actions.

CAP. XXIX.

Ac off for vejling in John Liardet, clerk, his executors, admtmfira tors, and assignsthe foie ufo and property of a certain eompofitlm nr cement of his invention, throughout his Majtftfs kingdom of Great Britain, and in the colonies and plantations abroad, for a limited time.

WHEREAS his most excellent majesty King George the Preamble Third, by his letters patent under the great fieal of Great Britain, bearing date at Westminder the third day of Apnl, which was in the thirteenth year of his reign, did give and grant unto John Liardet, of Great suffolk street, in the parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the county 0/ Middlesex, clerk, his executors administrators, and assigns, his foie privilege and authority to make, ufo, exerciso, and vend, a certain.composition or cement, fa all the branches concerning buildings to which the same was applicable, within that part of Great Bntian called England, his dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, and in any of his Majesty's colonies and plantations abroad, for the term of fourteen years: and whereas, unless the term granted by the/aid letters patent be prolonged, and the property of the said John Liardet in the fold invention better secured, not only within that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, the town of Berwick upon Tweed, and in his Majesty's colonies and plantations abroad, but also within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, it wilt neither be pojfibli for the fold John Liardet to receive an adequate retompence for his labour, expence, and time, nor for the public at large to reap the various advantages in point of utility and economy, as well as ornament in building, which would arise from this invention were its ufo universolly dffiused, and its price lowered, upon which the demand, and confe qutntly the profits of the proprietor must depend: and whereas the cement from its nature grows too hard for ufo if not used soon after it is made, and therefore must be made where used, or near it, from which citcumfiance the ufo thereof has hitherto been confined to the metropolis and a few miles about it, as training workmen and eridling works is difficult and expensive: and whereas, if the term is not enlarged, the same narrow plan must be continued, a general plan of

O 3 erea

184

The foie privilege of make ing and vend ing the cement vested in John Liardet, his executors, C for eighteen years.

Penalty on

Other persons making cement without licence, etc.

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 29. [1776.

ere flirt? vdorks and training men all over the kingdom, which is necessary if the use of the cement is to be universal, cannot upon so horta profpefl be undertaken, the circle cannot be enlarged, and the price mufi continue such as may indemnify the proprietor for his expense, out of the profits arising from a very small consumption only, during his present term: to the end therefore that the said John Liardet maybe enabled and encouraged to prosecute and complete his said invention, so that the public may reap all the advantages to be derived therefrom in their fullefi extent, may it please your Majesty (at the humble petition of the said John Liardet) that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this*the foie privilege and advantage of making, using, exercising, 'and vending the said composition, or cement mentioned in the said letters patent, with the additions and improvements since made therein, within the kingdom of Great Britain, and his Majesty's colonies and plantations abroad, shall be, and the same is and are hereby declared to be, vested in the said John Liardet, Jiis executors, administrators, and assigns, for and during the term of eighteen years from thenceforth next ensuing, and fully to be complete and ended; and that he the said John Liardet, his executors, administrators, and assigns, and every of them, by himself and themselves, or by his or thpir deputy or deputies, servants or agents, or lhch others as he, the said John Liardet, his executors, administrators, or assigns, shall at any 'time agree with, and no others, from time to time, and at all times, during the term of years herein before Uft mentioned, shall, and lawfully may, make, use, exercise, and vend, the said composition or cement herein before mentioned, with all and every the additions and improvements thereof, within the kingdom of Great Britain, and in his majesty's colonies and plantations abroad, in such manner as to him the said John Liardet, his executors, administrators, and assigns, or any of them, shall in his or their discretion seem meet; and that the said John Liardet, his executors, administrators, and assigns, and every of them, shall, and lawfully may, have and enjoy the whole profit, benefit, commodity, and advantage, from time to time coping, growing, accruing, and arising, by reason of the said invention, for and during the said term of eighteen years herein before mentioned, to have, hold, exercise, and enjoy, the said privileges and authorities, and every part thereof, unto the said John Liardet, his executors, adtpinistrators, and assigns; for and during and unto the full end and term of eighteen years as aforesaid; and that no cither person or persons, within the kingdom of Great Britain, or in any of his majesty's colonies or plantations abroad, shall at any time, during the said term of eighteen years, either directly or indirectly, make, use, or put in practice, the said invention, or any part of the same, nor in anywise counterfeit, imitate, or resemble the same, nor shall make, or i'r ... cause

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 29. if

cause to be made, any addition thereunto or substraction from the same, whereby to pretend himself, herself, or themselves, the inventor or inventors, devisor or devitors thereof, without the licence, consent? or agreement, of the said John Liardet, his executors, administrators, or assigns, in writing under his or their hand and seal or hands and seals first had and obtained in that behalf, upon such pains and penalties as can or may be justly inflicted on such offender or offenders for his, her, or their contempt of this a, and further to' be answerable to the said John Liardety his executors, administrators, and assigns, according to law, for his and their damages thereby occasioned.

II. And whereas the said John Liardet has hitherto furnished the send cement at the rate of sixpence per foot square on the surfaces of all plain buildings, and twopence per foot running measure for arrifes\ to the end therefore that the public may be affiired of the advantage of this invention at the same price during the continuance of tkl aft,

be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall John Liardet not be lawful for the said John Liardet, his executors, admini not to k hi, strators, or assigns, during the continuance of this act, to ak, th^ceitata^ demand, or take, any greater price than sixpence by the foot prices men square, and twopence per foot as aforesaid for arrises, for cover tioned. any plain work with the aforesaid cement or composition.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That nothing Thit aft not in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to to binder the prejudice or hinder any person or persons from making or using ^postion any composition or cement, or anything relating thereto, for which is not the purposes aforesaid, or for any other purpose, which is or are the invention not at present of the invention or application of the said John John Liar Liardety or which has or have been publicly used or exercised der*ctc*

by any other person or persons before the date of the said letters patent herein before recited; but that all such composition or cement, and everything relating thereto, which is or are not at present of the invention of the said John Liardety or is or are not particulirly ascertained and described in the instrument or specification herein after mentioned, shall be and remain to the public, and to the respective inventor or inventors thereof, in like manner as if this act had never been made, anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it hereby declared and enacted, That every objection which might have been made to the said cement's not being a new invention, within the true intent and meaning of an act of the twenty first of James the First, sufficient to invalidate letters patenr, may be made in bar to any action brought by virtue or in consequence of this act.

V Provided always, That if the said John Liardety his cxe If John liar cutors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons who der, etc aajl shall, at any time during the said term of eighteen years, have p^vije^f or claim any right, title, or interest, in law or equity, of, in, or making CC to, the power, privilege, or authority, of the foie making, using, mem to more exercising, and vending, the said composition or cement, shall han 5 per prafce any transfer or alignment, or pretended transfer or assign Ctc*

x86

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 49. [1776.

tnent, of the said liberty or privilege hereby vested in the said John Liardet, his executors, administrators, and assigns, or any mare or shares of the benefit or profits thereof, or shall declare any trusts thereof to or for any number of persons exceeding the number of five; or shall open, or cause to be opened, any book or books for public subscriptions to be made by any number of persons exceeding the number of five, in order to the raising of any sum or sums of money under pretence of carrying on the said liberty or privilege hereby vested in the said John Liardet^ his executors, administrator9, or assigns; or (half, by him or themselves, or his or their agents or servants, receive any sum or sums of money whatsoever, of any number of persons exceeding in the whole the number of five, for such or the like intents or purposes; or shall presume to act as a corporate body, or shall divide the benefit of the liberty or privileges hereby vested in the said John Liardet, his executors, administrators, and assigns, into any number of shares exceeding the number of five; or or shall do any shall commit or do, or procure to be committed or done, any thirs to the niatter* or thing whatsoever, during such time as such per icoted ad of f°n or persons shall have any right or title either in law or 6 Geo. i equity, which shall be contrary to the true intent and meaoing of an act of parliament, made in the sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, (entitled, An act for the better securing certain powers and privileges, intended to be granted by his Majesty by two charters for assurance of Ships and merchandizes at fici and for lending money upon bottomry; and for refraining several extravagant and unwarrantable practises therein mentioned;,) or in case the said power, privilege, or authority, shall at any time become vested in, or in trust for, more than the number of five persons or their representatives at any one time, otherwise than by devise or succession, (reckoning executors and administrators as and for the Angle persons whom they represent, as to such interest as they are or shall be entitled to in right this act of such their testator or intestate) that then, and in every of the to become said cases, all liberties and advantages whatsoever, hereby vested wold in the said John Liardet, his executors, administrators, and assigns, shall utterly cease, determine, and become void, anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anyt wise notwithstanding.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared by Jcbn Liardet, the authority aforesaid, That if the said John Liardet, his exe itieeficabon*cutors' administrators, or assigns, or same or one of them, shall ofth/nature tlot particularly describe and ascertain the nature of his said in of his inven vention in its present improved state, and in what manner the tien to be in same is to be performed, by an instrument in' writing under his rolledinchan han(i and fca|# an(j Cause the same to be enrolled in the high 4. nv>nth$), n coutt of Chancery, within four calendar months after the pasting or to lost '/ e ad; that then, al] the liberties, powers, privileges, and

benetu ot ims advantages, hereby vested in the said John Liardet, his execu tt. tors, administrators, and assigns, shall ccafe, deter m.nc, and be

antj

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 30. 187

and become absolutely voi4> anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

[Publick act.]

[Publick act.]

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a publick act $ and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for more effectually to prevent the fleeting of deer, and to repeal several former Statutes made for the like purpose.

WHEREAS the Statutes now in font for discovery and punishment of deer flealers are numerous, and many of them ineffectual: and whereas the good purposes thereby intended might be better effected, if such of the aid Statutes as are found to be defective were repeated, and fluh good provisions as are therein contained, together with such further provisions as may be expedient, were reduced inu one aft 1 be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent jnajeily, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if any person Preamble, pr persons shall coqrfe or hunt, or shall take in any slip, noose, Penalty on toyle, or snare, or shall kill, wound, or destroy, or shall (hoot ^ar|j°jj^ho at, or otherwise attempt to kill, wound, or destroy, or shall carry away, any red or fallow deer, in any forest, chase, purlieu, or or Shoot at ancient walk, whether enclosed dr not, or in any enclosed park, etc. any fal paddock, wood, or other enclosed ground, where deer are, have deer, iin

been, or shall be uftjally kept, without the consent of the owner, pjfc^c/ or without being otherwise duly authorised, or shall be aiding, without being abetting, or aflifling therein or thereunto, every person so of duly autho sending, by coursing, hunting, (hooting at, or otherwise at" "* to kill, wound, or destroy, or by aiding therein or fhereunto, shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of twenty pounds; and every person so offending by killing, wounding, or destroying, or by taking in any slip, noose, toyle, or snare, or by carrying away, or by aiding therein respectively, shall, for every deer so wounded, kilied, destroyed, taken, or carried away, forfeit and pay the sum of thirty pounds; and if the offender in '

any of the cases aforesaid shall be a keeper of, or person in any manner entrusted with the custody or care of deer, in the forest, chase, purlieu, ancient walk, or enclosed park, paddock, or wood, or other enclosed place, where the offence shall be committed, every such offender shall forfeit and pay double the penalry hereip before appointed to be paid by other offenders; and if any person or persons, after having been convicted of any of the aforesaid offences, shall offend a second time against this act, by committing any of the aforesaid offences, such second offence, whether it be the same as the first offence, or be any other of the aforesaid offences, shall be deemed and adjudged to l>c felony, and thp person guilty thereof, being lawfully convict

is

Persons cost victed under former as, still liable to penalties, etc.

How justices to proceed on conviction of offenders.

Justices may grant warrants to search suspected houses, Sec. for heads and skins of deer, C

Penalty on;cr(ons in u hole custody any such shall jbjs found. See.

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 30. [1776.

rf upon indictment, shall be transported to one of his majesty's plantations in America for the space of seven years.

II. And be it further enacted, That every person who hath been, or, before the commencement of this act, shall be, convicted under any Statute now in force, for unlawfully hunting, courting, killing, taking, or carrying away, any deer out of any forest, chase, purlieu, ancient walk, park, paddock, wood, or inclosed ground, shall be subject and liable to the several pains and penalties by such Statute provided, in like manner as if this a had not been made; and in case any such offender shall, after the commencement of this act, be guilty and convicted of any of the aforesaid offences against this act, (the legal proof of such first or former conviction having been first made,) every such person shall be deemed and adjudged to have committed a second offence against this act, in like manner as if this act had been in force at the time of such first conviction, and as if such conviction had been made under the provisions of this act.

III. And, to the intent that the prosecution of persons who ball offend a second time in manner aforesaid, may be carried on with as tittle expecte and trouble as is possible, be it further enacted, That the justice beforelwhom any person shall, after the commencement of this act, be convicted for the first time of any of the offences before described, shall transmit such conviction, under his hand and seal, to the quarter session which next after such conviction shall be held For the county, riding, division, city, town, or place, wherein such first offence shall be committed, there to be filed by the clerk of the peace, and to be kept amongst the records of the peace; and such conviction so filed, or a true cdpy thereof certified and subscribed by such clerk of the peace, shall be sufficient evidence to prove the conviction of such first offence as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any one justice of the peace, upon complaint made to him on oath by any credible person, that there is reason to suspect any person or persons of having in his, her, or their custody or possession, or in any dwelling house, outhouses, yard, garden, or place, any red or fallow deer, which shall have been unlawfully killed or the head, (kin, or other part thereof, or any slip, noose, toyle, snare, or other engine, for the unlawful taking of deer, by warrant under his hand and seal, to cause such person and persons, and such dwelling house, out hoi; fe, garden, or place, to be searched; and if any red or fallow deer, suspected to have been unlawfully kilied, or the head, (kin, or other part thereof, or any slip, noose, toyle, snare, or other engine, suspected to be used for the unlawful taking or killing of deer, shall be found in his, her, or their custody or possession, or in such dwelling house, outhouses, garden, or place, to cause the fiine and suck person or persons so having possession, or in whose dwelling house, outhouses, garden, or other place, the same shall be found, to be brought before any justice of the peace having

177^3 Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 30: 189

jurisdiction; and if such person or persons shall not produce before such justice the party of whom he, she, or they received the same, or satisfy such justice that he, she, or they came lawfully by such deer, or the head, (kin, or other part thereof, or bad a lawful occasion for such slip, noose, toyle, snare, or other engine, or did not keep the same for any unlawful purpose, then every such person shall forfeit any (um not exceeding thirty pounds, nor less than ten pounds, at the discretion of such justice.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any red or fallow deer. In case the said suspected to have been unlawfully kilied, or the head, (kin, or Perf° can "other part of such deer, shall, on a search under a warrant fropi £0* any justice of the peace, be found in the possession or custody of justice are any person or persons, or in any dwelling house, outhouses, to proceed, garden, or other place, or shall be proved to have been in the possession, house, outhouses, garden, or place, of any person or persons who may be justly suspected to have come difboneftly or unlawfully by the same as aforesaid 5 and such person or persons lb in possession, or the owner or occupier of such dwelling house, outhouses, garden, or other place, shall nor, under thp provisions aforesaid, be liable to conviction; then, and in every such case, for the discovery of the party or parties who actually killed or Hole such deer, it shall and may be lawful to and for any justice of the peace having jurisdiction as the evidence given and the circumstances of the case shall require, to summon before him, at his discretion, every person through whose hands such deer, or the head, (kin, or other part thereof so found, shall appear to have passed5 and if the person and persons from whom such deer, or the head, (kin, or other part thereof, shall appear to have been first received, or who having had possession thereof,

shall not give proof, to the satisfaction of such justice, that he,

(he, or they came lawfully by the same, such person or persons shall, on every conviction, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding thirty pounds, nor less than teij pounds, at the diforetion of Inch justice.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall appear, Suspefled person the oath of a credible witness, that any person or persons f°ni baling hath or have had in his, her, or their possession, house, ^cin their house, garden, or place, any red or fallow deer, or the (kin, possession*or other part thereof, and shall be reasonably suspected to how 10 be have come difltioneftly or unlawfully thereby, then, and in every proceeded such case, every such person or persons, and all other persons through whose hands the same shall appear to have passed under the like suspicion, shall and may be proceeded against in like manner and form, and on conviction shall be subject and liable to the same penalty or penalties, as if such deer, or the head,

(kin, or other part thereof, had been found in the possession, fiouse, outhouses, garden, or place, of such person or persons, upon a search made under and by virtue of any such warrant 3$ aforesaid.

yxlf And be it further enacted, That in case any person or

Penalty on persons set nng nets wires. See. for taking deer, in any foreit, chase, dec.

Penalty on persons pulling down pales or walls, cof any sore ft, park, See.,

Penalty on persons carrying firearms, into any toreft, park, C w*ih inrent to destroy leer

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 30. [1776.

persons shall set, lay, or use, any net, wire, ship, noose, toyle, or other engine, for the purpose of taking or killing deer, within or upon any forest, chase, purlieu, or ancient walk, or in the ring or outer fence or bank dividing the same from the adjoining lands; or in any indofed park, paddock, wood, or ground, where deer are, have been, or shall be usually kept, such person or persons, not being the owner of such forest, chase, purlieu, ancient walk, park, paddock, wood, or ground, or intruded with the care of the deer within the same, and shall be comri&ed of any of such offences, every such offender shall forfeit and pay, for the first offence, any (urn not exceeding ten pounds, nor than five pounds; and if afterwards convicted of any of the offences lad mentioned, shall, on every conviction after the first, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding twenty pounds, nor Ieiii than ten pounds; which said respeduve forfeitures, shall be set at the discretion of the judice or judices before whom the offender or offenders shall be convicted of such first or further offence.

VIII. And be it further eroded, That if any person or persons shall at any time wilfully pull down or destroy, or cause to be wilfully pulled down or destroyed, the pale or pales, or any part of the walls of any forest, chase, purlieu, ancient walk, park, paddock, wood, or other ground, where any red or fallow deer shall be then kept, without the consent of the owner or perio* chiefly intruded with the custody thereof, or being otherwise duly authorued, every person so offending shall be subject unto the forfeiture and penalty hereby infixed for the first offence of killing of any deer.

And be it further enacted, That if any person or per tonnes, carrying any gun, or other firearms or any (word, stass,

other offensive weapon, shall come into any forest, chase, purlieu, or ancient walk, or into any indofod park, paddock, wood, or into any other.ground where deer are usually kept, bo the same incjofed or not enclosed, with an intent unlawfully to (hoot at, course, or hunt, or to take in any slip, noose, toyle, snare, or other engine, or to kill, wound, destroy, or take away, any red or fallow deer, it shall be lawful for every ranger or keeper, or person intruded with the care of such deer, to ferae and take from such person and persons, in and upon such forest, chase, purlieu, ancient walk, park, paddock, wood, or other ground, to and for the use of the owner thereof respectively, all such guhs, firearms, ships, nooses, toyles, snares, or other engines, and all dogs there brought for courting deer, in the same and like manner as the game keepers of manors are empowered by law within their respective manors, to seize and take dogs, nets, or other engines, in the custody of persons not qualified by the laws to keep the same; and if any such person or persons shall there unlawfully beat or womad any ranger or keeper, or his or their servants or assistants, in the execution of his or their office or offices, or shall attempt to refeue any person in the lawful custody of any such ranger, jcee^r, forvant, or assistant,

1776j Atmo cfeciroo sexto Georgum. C 3a*191

every person so offending shall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of felony, and on being lawfully cohvicted on ind'uftment,

shall be transported to one of his majesty's plantations in America

for the space of seven years. 1

X. And be it further enacted, That, upon complaint or in How justices formation upon oath, of any one or more credible witness or to proceed 00 wttnestes, before any one justice of the peace having jurisdiction, offences of any offence committed against this at, it shall and may be lawful to and for such justice (except in such cases only where the justice is specially directed previously to summon the party before hkn) to cause the person or persons, who shall be charged,

by such complaint or information, to be apprehended by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, and to be brought before him at such time and place as shall be specified in and by such warrant, and thereupon such justice shall and may proceed to hear the matter of such complaint or information, and to adjudge and determine the same; and in such case where it is pro sided by this act that the party complained of shall be summoned to appear, if the party so summoned shall not appear according to such'summons, then, upon due proof made of the service filth summons, either personally, or by leaving the same at his dwehrng house, lodgings, or other usual place of abode, it (halt be lawful for the justice, before whom the party was so

fommoned to appear, to apprehend such party by warrant and to proceed as if no previous summons had been directed by this act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all the pecuniary penal - Penalties how ties of this act shall be recoverable before one or more justice or to be reco justices of the peace for the county or other division in which vered and the offence shall be committed, on proof of the offence, by the; app ie*oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or on confession

of the offender; and one moiety of each penalty shall belong to the King's majesty, his heirs and successsors, and be paid, for his and their use, into the hands of such person or persons as the said justice or justices shall direeft, and the other moiety thereof shall belong and be paid to the informer or informers prosecuting for the same; and in case of nonpayment thereof, ff not paid With the charges incident to the conviction, immediately upon onconvic the conviction, the said penalty or penalties, and the charges in tdent, shall be levied by difyrefs and sale of the goods and diitrefr* chattels of every such offender, by warrant under the hand and seal or hands and seals of the justice or justices before whom such convidfcion shall be made; and for want of fufl&cient distress, the offender or offenders, except in such cases only where it is otherwise provided by this act, shall be sent by the said justice or justices to the common gaol of the county or place where the offence shall be committed for the space of one whole year, without bail or mainprize, unless the said penalty, and charges incident, shall be foorter paid.

XII. And, to the end that persons, convicted of any of the offences for which pecuniary penalties are infixed by this may not. by

sight

Justices may order offend

fies are not immediately

pai*.

[Proviso.]

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 30. [1776.

slight or removal after conviction, evade imprisonment where such penalties shall not be paid on convictions and sufficient dislrefs cannot be found for raising such penalties, be it farther enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the justice or justices of the peace, before ers mto custo whosj_ai^ Offender shall be convicted of having incurred any y, u pena - p^jj.y penalty of this af, immediately after such'conviction* to order him or her into custody, in case he or (lie shall not immediately pay the penalty due on such convf&ion, during such time, not exceeding three days, as such justfce or justices shall think proper to allow for return of the warrant for raising the penalty by distress and sale as aforesaid.

XIII. Provided always, That if it shall appear to the satisfaction of such justice or justices, either by the confession of the party convicted, of otherwise, that such party hath not goods or chattels sufficient whereon to levy the penalty or penalties lo. due, then, and in such case, the fa; d justice or justices shall and may, without issuing any warrant of distress, proceed to commit, the party so convicted, as if a warrant of distress had been ifhied, and a nulla bona returned thereon.

Regulation

XIV. Provided also, That if any person, committed for any for justices first offence against this at, shall, before his commitment to

where security prison, procure security to be given by two sufficient sureties, to

is given, the satisfaction of the justice or justices before whom he shall be so convicted, for payment of the penalty or penalties incurred, with the charges incident, within six days, inclusive of the day of copviction, then, and in such case, it shall be lawful for such justice or justices to accept such security, and upon nonpayment thereof at the time to be stipulated for that purpose, to cause the party convicted, and his said sureties, to be aprehended by warrant under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, and them to commit to the common gaol of the county or place where the offence was committed, for such space of time as the party convicted was subject and liable to have been imprisoned in case no such security had been given, unless the penalty or charges shall be sooner paid.

Keeper of any

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law forett, park, full for any keeper or under keeper of any forest, chase, purlieu, C may ap ancient walk, paddock, park, or other ground enclosed, where deer are, have been, or shall be usually kept, and their servants orassistants, to seize and apprehend, upon the spot, any person or persons whom they shall discover in the actual of hunting, coursing, killing, wounding, (hooting at, taking, destroying, or carrying away, any red or fallow deer from any such forest, chase, purlieu, or ancient walk, whether enclosed or not, or in any enclosed park, paddock, wood, or in any other enclosed ground, or attempting so to do, or in setting or laying any net wire, ship, noose, toyle, snare, or other engine therein, for the taking, killing, or destroying of deer therein, and to carry such offender or offenders before some neighbouring justice of the peace having jurisdiction, to be dealt with according to law.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any offender for

his

prebend persons hunting, cof deer, or laying any net, Scc. therein.

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 30. 19 j

his first offence against this act, shall, for want of a sufficient In what cases

distress, be committed to gaol, and shall, whilst in gaol, obtain

the consent in writing of the prosecutor, and also of the ownft, etti

ranger, forester, keeper, or other person chiefly intruded with the larged.

care of the deer in the forest, chase, purlieu, ancient walk, park,

park, paddock, or place, wherein the offence was committed, for

+his enlargement; that then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the justices of the peace having jurisdiction, at their quarter or general sessions, to cause such offender to be brought before them, and thereupon by their order to direct the keeper of such goal to set such offender at liberty; and the said keeper is hereby directed to obey such order accordingly, anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding

Andy for the bitter discovery of offenders against this act9

be it further enacted, That any person who shall offend against Any offemfet this act, and shall make discovery of any other person or persons making dif who bath or have offended against the same, so as he, she, or they, be duly convicted of such offence according to this act; pena}^ then, apd in such case, such discoverer shall be discharged of all F the forfeitures and penalties of this act, by him, her, or them incurred previous to such discovery

XVIII. Andy in order to prevent the quashing of convictions of offenders against this ab for want of fornty be it further enacted,

That the conviction and convictions of all and every offenders How justice to against this act shall be certified by the justice or justices of the convlaionof peace before whom the same shall be made, to the next general offenders quarter sessions of the peace, to be filed amongst the records of the said sessions5 and that such conviction shall be fairly written on parchment or paper in the following form of words, as the case shall happen, or in any other form of words to the like effect; is to say, (to wit, )

BE it rememberedy That on the day of Form of con.

in the year vi&ioi*.

AB. was, upon the complaint of C D. convicted before of the justices of the peace for

in pursuance of an act passed in the year of the reign of his majesty King George the Thirdy for (as the c$fe shall be).

Given under hand and seal the day and year above

written.

Which said conviction shall be good and effectual in law to all intents and purposes, and shall not be quaftied^ set aside, or adjudged void or insufficiem, for want of any form or words whatsoever

XIX. And be it further enacted, ttiat^no Certiorari shall be on what con allowed to remove any conviction made, or other proceedings, ditions crr/#s* of, for, or concerning any matter or thing in this act, unless the*"

parry of parties convicted shall, before the allowance of such Certiorari, become bound to the person or persons. prosecuttng

in

f 94 Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 30. [1776.

in the sum of one hundred pounds, with sufficient sureties as the justice or justices of the peace before whom the offender was convicted, with condition to pay unto the said prosecutors, within thirty days after such conviction confirmed, on a Procedendo granted, their full costs and damages, to be ascertained upon their oaths; and shall become also bound to the justice or justices of the peace before whom such, conviction was made, with such sufficient sureties as such justice or justices shall approve of, in the penalty of sixty pounds for each offence, with condition to prosecute such writ of Certiorari with effect, and to pay such justice or justices the forfeitures due by such conviction, to be distributed as by this act is directed, or to render the person or persons convicted to such justice or justices, within thirty days next after such conviction shall be confirmed, or a Procedendo granted; and that in default thereof, it shall be lawful to proceed to the levying of the penalty mentioned in such conviction, in such manner as if no such Certiorari had been awarded.

to ceetaf nd b.c. lt ^urther enacted, That, after the confirmation

ter^onfirma*any conviction or convictions upon this act, by any of the tien of con superior courts at Westminster % and delivering the rule to the said vi&iont. justice or justices, whereby such conviction or convictions hath or have been so confirmed, it shall and may be lawful for such justice or justices to proceed against the party or parties convicted, in the same manner a6 if a Procedendo had been granted.

XXI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and Persons ag enacted, That if any person or persons shall think him, grieved may her, or themselves aggrieved by the judgement or deterroi* quarte/fc?6 nat*on any justice or justices of the peace, upon conviction fcooss of or for any of the offences in this act, and shall not have

sought his remedy by removing the matter by Certiorari, as aforesaid, such person or persons may appeal from the judgement of the said justice or justices, to the general or quarter sessions of the peace, to be held for the said county, division, or place, where such person or persons was or were convicted, next after the expiration of twenty days from the time of such conviction $ the person or persons so appealing shall, and he, (he, and they, are hereby required and directed to give at lead six days notice in writing to the prosecutor or prosecutors of such person or persons as shall so appeal, of such his, her, or their intention of bringing and prosecuting such appeal, and of the matter thereof, and shall enter into recognisance before same justice or justices of the peace for the county, division, or place, wherein the conviction or judgement was made or given with two sufficient sureties, to be approved by the said justice or justices, on conviction to appear and try such appeal at the general or quarter session which shall be held in and for the county, division, or place, wherein such conviction or judgement was made or given, next and immediately after the expiration of ten days from the time of such conviction, and to abide by the order or determination of suck court, and for payment of such costs and charges as

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 30. 195

shall be awarded at the said court; and every such appeal and whosedeter appeals shall, by the court at the said general or quarter sessions, to which such appeal or appeals is or are made, be then examined, e na'and the facts and circumstances of the case fully inquired into, and the matter then finally heard and determined; and in case fuofc judgement, determination, or conviction, as aforesaid, shall be then and there affirmed, the party appealing shall pay unto the prosecutor or prosecutors, his, her, or their full costs, to be ascertained by order of the said court of general or quarter sessions.

XXII. Provided also, That in case any person or persons, Persons hava thinking him, her, or themselves aggrieved, as aforesaid, shaling pad tie have paid the penalty inflicted by this act for the offence of peaty, or which he, she, or they shall have been convicted, or shall be then imprisoned; every such person or persons having so paid, or appeal, C being so imprisoned, may appeal to such judgement, order, determination, or conviction as aforesaid, on entering into recognisance by himself, herself, or themselves only, and without any

surety or sureties, conditioned as before mentioned, the said penalty remaining in the hands of such justice or justices, or such person or persons continuing in prison in the mean time, and until the merits of the said appeal shall be heard and finally determined.

XXIII. Provided also, That no such. conviction made, or Proceedings judgement given as aforesaid, shall be set aside by the said court not0 be

or general or quarter sessions, for want of form, or for want f want of form dating, or through the miftating of any facts, circumstances, or,

matter whatsoever, in case the facts alledged in the said conviction, or on which the same shall be grounded,shall be proved to the satisfaction of the said cot^rt; but such appeal and appeals shall be decided on the merits of the case only; nor shall such conviction or judgement be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other writ or process whatsoever, into any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster; any law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any person Defendants or persons shall be sued or prosecuted for any matter or thing may plead the which he or they shall do in ptirfuance of this act, it shall and gcn,

may be lawful to and for the person or persons so sued or prosecuted to plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence; and if a verdict shall pass for the defendant, or the plaintiff shall become nonsuit, or suffer a discontinuance; or if upon a demurrer judgement shall be given against the plaintiff, the defendant shall have and recover his treble costs, and have Treble costs. the like remedy for the same as any defendant or defendants hath in any other case by law.

xxv/and be it further enacted, That every prosecution for prosecutions any offence against this act, shall be commenced within twelve under this a calendar months, but not after, from the time of the offence tobe£?m' committed; and that such persons as shall be prosecuted under this act for any of the offences aforesaid, shall not be liable to Vqi, XXXI P'proa

196

Limitation of actions.

Commencement of this

ad.

Parts of various Statutes repealed:

13 Rica.

19 Hen. 7*

5 Eliz#

3 ic*.

>3 Car. a

3 & 4 Gul. & Mar.

I Geo. i.

no Geo. z.

Anna decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 30. [1776.

prosecution for the same offences under any other act of parliament, or in any court of attachment, fwainmote, eyre, or any forest court.

XXVI. And be it further enacted/that all actions, writs, and prosecutions, to be Commenced against any person or persons for anything to be done under or in pursuance of this t, shall be laid and tried in the county or place where the was committed, and shall be commenced within six calendar months after the committed, and not otherwise.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall commence and begin to be in force on the tenth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy fix: and from and immediately after the commencement thereof, so much of the thirteenth chapter of the first part of the Statutes made in the thirteenth year of the reign of Richard the Second, as inflids a penalty on those who shall use heys, nets, or other engines, for destroying deer 3 so much of the eleventh chapter of the Statutes made in the nineteenth year of the reign of King Henry the Seventh, as relates to deer; and also so much of an act, made in the fifth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An act for punishing of unlawful taking fish, deer, or hawks, as relates to deer; and also so much of an act, made in the third year of the reign of King James the First, intituled An act Qgainjl unlawful bunting, and dealing of deer and conies, as relates to deer; and also so much or an act, made in the seventh year of the reign of the said King James the First, intituled An act for the explanation of one Jtatute made in the second session of this present parliament, intituled An act against unlawful hunting, and dealing of deer and conies, as relates to deer, except such part thereof as repeals any part of the Statutes of the third of James before mentioned; xand also an act, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act to prevent the unlawful courfwg, hunting, or killing of deer; as also an act, made in the third and fourth years of the feign of their late majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled An act for the more effectual discovery and punishment of deer dealers; and also an act, made in the fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled An act for making more effectual an act of the third and fourth years of the reign of King William Iand £)uien Mary, intituled An act for the more effectual discovery and punishment of deer dealers; and also so much of an act, made in the tenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for continuing an act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil disposed perfms going armed in disguise, and doing injuries and violences to the perfom and properties of his Majestys subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the offenders to justice; and for the continuing two clauses to prevent the cutting or breaking down the bank of any river or sea bank, and to prevent the malicious cutting of hop binds, contained in an act peffei in the sixth year of his present Majestys reign; and for the more tf fcftual punishment of persons removing any materials used for securing

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c.jr. ijjf

marsh or sea walls or banks, and of persons maliciously felting on sin any mine, pit, or delph of chal, or cannel coaly and of persons unlawfully bunting or taking any red or fallow deer in forests or chacesy or beating or wounding keepers or other officers in forejlsy chacesy or parks; and for the more effectually securing the breed of wildfowl; as relates to the second conviction of any person or persons for unlawfully coursing, hunting, taking in toyles, killing, wounding, or taking away, any red or fallow dees, in any open or uninclosed forest or chase, or relates to beating or wounding keepers or other officers in forests, chases, or parks; shall be, and the same are hereby respectively repealed.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That This act not nothing contained in this act shall extend to that part of Great 1° c*te"d to Britain called Scotland. Scotland

CAP. XXXI.

An act for securing a fundy belonging to certain persons of the theatre royal covent-garden, applicable to charitable uses; and for other purposes.

WHEREAS in or about the year one thousand seven hundred Preamble and sixtyffivey a contribution was begun at the theatre royal covent-garden, towards the charitable purpose of establishing a fundy for the support of such performers belonging to the said theatre as through agty infirmity, or accident, should be obliged to retire from the fiage; and to the occasional relief of performers in case of fitkness \ and also to the relief and support of t he widows and children of deceased performers belonging to the said theatre: and whereas, by the profits arising from the voluntary contributions of the performers belonging to the said theatrey and others, and also by toe profits which have arisen from some plays acied for the increa/e of the said fundy a capital to the amount of four thousand three hundred pounds, or thereaboutsy is now in the bands of certain trustees applicable to the purposes aforesaid: to the end therefore that the said fundy and the growing produce thereof may be effectually secured and duly appliedy may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afletn head, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after Subscribers the passing of this act, all and every the subscribers to the said incorporated, fund for the time being, during such time as he, she, or they, respectively shall pay to the same, shall be, and are hereby declared to be, one body corporate and politic, in deed and in name, and shall be called by the name of The society established for Their name, the relief of indigent persons belonging to the theatre royal Covent and power, garden: and by the same name shall have perpetual succession and a common seal \ and that they, and their successors, by the same name may sue and be sued, implead and be impleacted, answer and be answered unto, in all or any courts or court of record, and places of judicature, within this kingdom of Great Britain: and that they, and their successors, by the name afore

P 2 said.

A committee appointed j

make byelaws.

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 31. f 1776^.

faiit, shall be able and capable in law to have, hold, receive, enjoy possess, and retain, for the purposes aforesaid, all and every such sum and sums of money as have been paid, given, devised, or bequeathed, or shall at any time or times hereafter be paid, given, deviled, or bequeathed, to and for the ends and purposes hereinbefore mentioned; and that they, and their successors, by the name aforesaid, shall and may at any time hereafter, without licence in mortmain, purchase, take, or receive, hold, and enjoy, any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, not exceeding the yearly sum of five hundred pounds.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the pa( sing of this as, Thomas Hull, George Mattocks, Thomas Baker, John Dun stall, Frederic Charles Reinhcldy Robert Benjley, Mat the w Clarke, Richard Rotten, and William Thomas Lewis, shall be, and they are hereby appointed, a committee for managing the said fund, until the thirty first day of December, which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy fix:

who may alter and that the L aid committee and their successors, to be elected in the common manner herein after mentioned, or the majority of such commit seal, C tee for the tjmc being, shall have full power and authority, from time to time, to dispose of the said common seal, and to alter or make new the same, and to direct the use and application thereof; and to make, ordain, and constitute, such and so many byelaws, constitutions, orders, and regulations, as to them, or the major part of them, shall seem necessary and convenient for the appropriation of the said fund, or touching, or in anywise concerning the affairs and business of the said society; and the same byelaws, constitutiens, orders, and regulations, so made, to put in use and enforce accordingly, and at their will and pleasure to reyoke, change, and alter the same, or any of them: which said bylaws, constitutions, orders, and regulations, so as aforesaid made, shall be duly kept and observed by the said society, and every member thereof, provided the same be not contrary or repugnant to the Statutes, customs, or laws of this kingdom, or the true intent and meaning of this al.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said committee, or the major part of them, at a meeting assembled by virtue of this at, may, and are hereby empowered to appoint a treasurer or treasurers, and such other officers as they shall think necessary for the purposes of this act; and from time to time remove any such treasurer or other officer or officers, and appoint another or others in his or their stead, if they the said committee shall think fit; and shall, and are hereby required to take such security from their treasurer or treasurers, or other officers, as shall be adequate to the trust reposed in him or them.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said committee shall meet together at some convenient place, in or near the said theatre, on the aforesaid thirty first day of december*or within ten days after, for electing a committee for the year ensuing; and that, previous to such election, the names of all the committee for the time being shall be written oadiftindt pieces of paper, be.

and appoint oflkeis.

Officers to give security.

First election of the committee.

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 32. tgg

ing all of an equal size, and rolled up in the same manner, as near as may be, and be put into a box, or some other convenient receptacte, and shall be shaken together, after which some person, not interested in such election - draw out the names, one by one, until the number remaining in the said box or receptacle shall be reduced to^fix, and the six persons whose names shall so remain shall be six of the committee for the ensuing year; after which the said major part of the committee present shall proceed to elect three other persons from amongst the several subscribers to the said fund, (either such as were or were not of the committee for the preceding year) and the three persons so elected, together with the six persons whose names remained undrawn as aforesaid, shall be the committee for putting this act in execution for the year next ensuing: and the com eieaionstob# mittee shall also meet together on or before the thirty first day annual, of December in every succeeding year, and elect a committee in manner before mentioned: and in case any one or more of the said committee hereby appointed, or to be elected in manner aforesaid, shall die, or refuse to act in the execution of this act, the surviving or remaining committee men shall and may meet together, at some convenient place, in or nedr the said theatre, and the major part of such as shall so attend shall and may elect a committe man in the room and (lead of each committee man so dying or refusing to act as aforesaid; and every committeeman so to be elected, in any or either of the cases aforesaid, shall have the same powers and authorities, for the purposes of carrying this act into execution, as the committee herein and hereby nominated and appointed are inverted with.

V Provided always, and be it further enacted, That at every a majority of annual election of a committee for the purposes of this act, a committee majority of the committee men for the ensuing year shall oon men to belong fill of persons belonging to or employed at the said theatre. tolhc theatre

VI. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be adjudg pubjjck at ed, deemed, and taken to be a public act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXII.

An act to enable the company of proprietors of the navigation from that Trent to the Mfcrfey, ton*ke a navigable canal from the said navigation, on the south tide of Hirecaltle in the county of Stafford, to frog hall, and a rail wy from thence to or near Caldon, in the said county; and to make other rail ways.

[Preamble.]

Act 6 Geo. 3. recited Act 10 Geo. 3. and 15 Geo. 3. recited Company of proprietors empowered to make a bran.h from the south side Harecaltle to or near Caldon, etc. and to supply the same with water Proprietors may enter on lands, and lay earth, (tone, etc. Proprietors may make rail ways, build bridges, etc. on land adjoining; and also make to ving paths, banks, etc. for haling vessels; making satisfaction to the owners. Two parts to be made of the map and book of reference, which shall be certified by the speakerof the house of commons, and then allowed to be given in evidence. Canal to be made pursuant to the plan, etc. landowners being omitted in the book of reference, not to obstruct the making the canals, etc. commissionerb appointed, who are to settle and

P 3 determine

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 37. f 1776.

determine differences. Tonnage allowed to be taken. If dudes not paid on demand, company may Cue for the same, or distrain the boar, etc. Company empowered to borrow 25, 0001. and to assign over the navigation as a security. Form of assignment No preference to creditor on account of priority of alignments, Application of money borrowed. Alignments may be transferred. Interest of money borrowed to be paid half yearly. One half of the duties veiled in proprietors of coal roinev, as a security for 5000l. to be paid quarterly. Avfoon as the said $oo?l with Interest, shall be paid, the half part of the duties to be revelled in the company, etc. Preamble; reciting a contractc, wherein oerrain proprietors of hmtllone quarries agee to deliver to the company yearly, bmc ttone at the rate of yd. per tonne. The abovementioned contract ia itiej and confirmed. A book to be provided, and entries to be made herein of the quantities of limestone ordered, etc. No order to beentued for lei's than 100 tonnes; and a deposit of id. per tonne to be left with the clerk of trie said company. Orders for limestone may be given at other times of the year, on depositing d. per tonne, etc. Penalty on either party making default, etc. At what times vessels loaded with lime or limestone may pals through the locks, etc. Occupiers of the forge or pool at Cun fall not to draw water lowes than nine inches from the top of the weir. Proviso, for preserving the water of the river Churnett. Pow ers contained in three as (6, 10, and 15 Geo. 3.) extended to the works to be executed by this act; except as excepted.

CAP. XXXIII.

An a to remove the danger of fire amongst the ships in the port of by preventing the landing certain commodities on the present quays; and for providing a convenient quay and proper places for landing and do ring the same; and for regulating the said quay, and the lighten, boats, and other vessels carrying goods for hire within the said port of Bristol; and for other pnrpofts therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

Master, wardens, and commonalty, of the society of merchant venturers, empowered to enlarge the floating dock, and ro build store houses, etc. Ground allotted for a new quay. Rules to be observed by merchants. Timber planks, etc. not to be landed on the present quays, after June 24, 1777; on penalty of 50l. This a not to extend to timber brought coaitwife; nor to prevent landing at private wharf, etc. Duties; iow payable on the importation of certain articles, etc. to continue soon being landed at the new quay. Rates to be paid for ttoring of goods, etc. Mayor and justices may lower the rates, etc. Tar, pitch, etc. not to he left on the quay longer than 7 days after gauging. Piece of ground to be appointed for laying up baulks, malts, etc. The society of merchants to provide sufficient warehouses, etc. for floring goods; or, in default thereof, to make good all damages Bodies politic, etc. p>fiefled of certain lands in Clifton, empowered to sell the same. If anybody politic, etc. refuse to treat, or can not produce a title to the premises, mailer, wardens, etc. may apply to commissioners herein after named. A jury to be sum*rooned. On neglect, etc! of of, the mailer, etc may apply to the quarter sessions, who shall cause the matter in dispute to be inquired into by a jury. Jurors may be challenged, and witnesses examined on oath. verdi6l of the jury, etc. to be final; and to be entered amongst the records, etc. In case corporation omit to pay sums awarded, the same may be levied by distress, etc. Expenses of a jury bow to be paid. On payment of parchafe money by the society, premises to be conveyed, etc. It parties Cannot evidence their title to the premises, etc. or if mortgagees refuse to take in their mortgage money, such purchase money, or mortgage, to be paid into the chamber of the city of Bristol. Chamberlain to give receipts for sums received, which shall be entered on record, and the piemifes vtfl cd in the society. Purchase money to be placed out at interest, etc. Mefoe profits recoverable, etc. Mortgagees, on payment or tender of mortgage money, to convey the premises, etc. Monty payable to bodies corporate, etc. to be reinvested in purchase of other estates. Contrails or agreements, already made, not invalidated by this a. Commissioners appointed. 'M Part

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 34* oi

Part of the parish of Gifton exempted from the judicial jurisdictioit of Gloucestershire, and made partot Biftol. this act not to make any alteration in relation to taxes, etc. in Clifton. Mayor and justices may settle the rates of porterage, etc. All vessels kept for carrying goods for hire, in the port of Bristol, to be registered. Other regulations relating o such vessels Quiy warden to examine all such vessels.etc. yearly; and if he shall discover any fiaud, to pre*enf the lame, etc Penalty on quay warden fm ne^lr# of duty, etc offtn es agamlt tins atto be determined by jtittices, e'c. pena'ties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied. Regulations for unloading etc. of vefleu in the floating dock.

[Proviso.]

Penalty for acting contrary thereto. Limitation of actions.

[General issue.]

[Treble costs.]

pubiickact.

CAP. XXXIV.

An act for granting to his Majesty several duties on coaches, and other carriages therein mentioned and several rates and duties upon indentures, lea fes, bonds, and other deeds \ and upon cards, dice, and news popers> and for raising the sum of two millions by annuities, and a lottery to be attended with Annuities.

'Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons

of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, being desirous to roije the neussary supplies, which we have granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament, in the most Jafe^ easy, and expeditious manner we are able, have voluntarily refdved to give and grant unto year Majesty the several and respective rates and duties herein after expressed, and to that end and purpose do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That An aflditiona! an additional rate or duty of twenty Shillings per 'annum, beauty of os. raised, levied, collected, and paid, for and upon every coach, ^ancoachm bchin, landau, chariot, calalh with four wheels, chaise*n*arine, berlin^etc. 6*1 chaise with four wheels, and caravan, or by what name soever*carriages now are, or hereafter may be cared or known, kept by or for any person for his or her own use, or to be let out to hire, (other than and except such coaches and other car except hack mges as now are, or hereafter may be, licensed by the commis ney coaches, sioners for the duties arising by hackney coaches which said yearly ad itional duty of twenty Shillings shall from time to time be paid down by the person or persons keeping the same, in like manner, and atihe same time, and be raised, levied, collected, and paid, by the same means and methods, and under the like roles, regulations, directions, and penalties, as the annual duty of four pounds, given and granted by an act of parliament, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty several rates and duties upon coaches, and other carriages therein mentioned; and for raising the sum of one million, by way of lottery, to be (barged upon the said rates and duties; is directed to be raised, levied, collected, and paid.

202 Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 34. [1776.

After July 5,

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, 1776, stage frorn and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hun a duty ofay ^rcc^ and seventy six, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and perann. ech. p^id, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and upon every coach, berim, landau, chariot, calash with four wheels, chaise marine, chaise with four wheels, and caravan, or by what name soever such carriages now are, or hereafter may be, called or known, that shall be kept by or for any person or persons as pufclick ifoge coaches, employed in carrying passengers for hire to and froip different places within this kingdom, (other than and except such coaches and o*her carriages as now are, or hereafter may be, licensed by the commissioners for the duties arising by hackney coaches) the yearly sum of five

pounds for every such coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calash with burr wheels, chaise marine, chaise with four wheels, and caravan, or by what name soever such carriages now are, or hereafter may be, called or known, fb to be kept and employed as aforesaid; said duty shall be paid by the person or persons who keeps the lame.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the person or persons keeping any such carriage or carriages, so to be employed as stage coaches as aforesaid, shall, from time to time, give like notices, and make entry and payment in like manner, and under the like rules, regulations, means, and methods, directions, and penalties, as persons keeping coaches and other carriages for their own use, or to let out to hire, are, by the above recited act, directed to do; any law, Statute, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas, by the said recited act, it was provided, That no person should be obliged to pay the yearly sum of Jour pounds for more than five such carriages, on which the duty of J cur pounds a year was thereby charged, to be kept by or for him or her, for his or for

Notice to be given, and payment made, agree, able to act 20 Geo. 1.

A clanfe in

said act, ex ujg orjjy. further enacted and declared by the authority fons fr om^pay aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this act, the said ing for more proviso, so far as relates to the exempting such carriages, being than 5 cat ri more than five in number, be, and the same is hereby repealed ages, repealed. ancj maje nuj| an(j void.

After July 5, V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, 1776, an addi from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, laon all in throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the use dentines, of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the rate and duty fol bonds, etc. Jowing; (that is to lay). For every (kin, or piece of vellunvor

wesafflsl*la' Parchment or eet or p*ece paper upon which shall be in stamp! gr°tfed, written, or printed, in Great Britain, any indenture, lease, bond, or other deed, for which a stamp duty of one shilling is payable, by virtue of an act, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, over and above all other rates and duties by the said act, or by any other act of parliamdht imposed* an additional ttamp dpty of one dulling.

1776.p Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 34." 203

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, After June 1, That, from and after the first day of June, one thousand seven-776\a? addi; hundred and seventy six, theroltiall be raised, levied, collected, ^laid^a ° and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and every pack of for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and succeslorsj the rates and playing cards, duties following; (that is to say). For every pack of playing'^d#o°n cards, made fit for sale or use, in Great Britain, the sum of six dlce^mad/for pence, over and above the duties now payable thereon; and for faic/

and upon every pair of dice, made fit for sale or use, in Great Britain, the sum of two Shillings and sixpence, over and above the duties now payable thereon; such respective duties tc/ be paid by the makers of such cards and dice respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, After July 5, That, from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven*776|ai* addh hundred and seventy CX there shall be raised, levied, collected, northeast halfpenny and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and laid on every for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the rate and sheet or hair dpty following; (that is to say). For and upon every news pa ftiect °* new8- per, or paper containing public news, intelligence, or occur paper' rences, printed in Great Britain, to be dispersed and made public,

whether the same be contained in half a sheet or any less piece of paper, or in any paper larger than half a sheet, and not exceeding one whole sheet; upon every (beet, and half sheet thereof, over and above all other rates and duties by any act of parliament imposed, an additional duty of one halfpenny.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The du That, for the better and more effectual levying, collecting, and

paying, all the said additional and new duties herein before na^cme, t of granted, the same shall be under the government, care, and the commifii management, of the commissioners for the time being appoint of ed to manage the duties charged on stamped vellum, parchment, rta p duties. and paper, who, or the major part of them, are hereby required and empowered to employ theneceflary officers under them for that purpose, and to cause such new (lamps to be provided, to denote the said several additional duties, as shall be requitire in that behalf; and to do all other things necessary to be done for putting this ain execution, with relation to the said several rates and duties herein before granted, in the like, and in as full and ample manner, as they, or the major part of them, are authorised to put in execution any former law, concerning stamped vellum, parchment, or paper.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho commission rity aforesaid, That, to prevent the multiplication of (lamps upon ers may pro such pieces of vellum or parchment, or (beets or pieces of pav a new per, on which several duties are, by several acts of parliament, a'uhefe imposed, it shall and may be lawful for the said of, veral duties, ipstead of the distinct (lamps directed to be provided lo denote

the several duties on the vellum, parchment, or paper, charged therewith, to cause one new (lamp to be provided, to denote the said several duties, and the duty granted by this act, on every

piece

After July 5, 1776, all vellum, etc. liable to the new duty, to be carried to the stamp office, etc before it is printed or wrote on.

To whom the duties are to be paid.

of to fumuh the several parts of the kingdom with damped vellum, parchment, etc.

The price whereof to be fertled yearly, etc.

Stamps may be altered and renewed, etc.

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 34^ [1776.

piece of vellum or parchment, or (heetor piece of paper, charged with the said several duties.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all vellum, parchment, and paper, liable to the duty of one 'shilling hereby charged, shall, from and after the fifth day of y, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, before the lame shall be ingrossed, written, or printed'upon, be brought to the head office for stamping or marking vellum, parchment, and paper; and the said of, by themselves, or by their officers employed under them, shall forthwith, upon demand to them made by any person or persons, from time to time, (lamp or mark, as this act directs, any quantities or parcels of vellum, parchment, or paper, as shall be so brought to them for that purpose, the persons so bringing the same, paying to the receiver-general of the stamp duties for the time being, or his deputy or clerk, the several duties payable for the same by virtue of this act; which (lamp or mark, to be put thereupon in pursuance of this ak, shall be a sufficient discharge for the duty hereby payable for the vellum, parchment, or paper, so stamped or marked.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several duties herein before granted shall be paid, from time to time, into the hands of the receiver-general for the time being of the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct account of the several rates and duties, and pay the same (the necessary charges of rafsing, paying, and accounting for the same, being deducted) into the receipt of the Exchequer, for the purpose herein after expressed, at such time, and in such manner, as any former duties on ilamped vellum, parchment, or paper, are directed to be paid.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said of for the time being shall take care that the several parts of the kingdom of Great Britain shall, from time to time, be sufficiently furnished with vellum, parchmcnr, and paper, stamped and marked as by this act is directed; to the end that the subjects of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, may have it in their election either to buy the same or the officers and persons to be employed by the said of, at the usual and moil common rates above the said duties, or to bring their own vellum, parchment, or paper, to be stamped and marked as aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Xhat the price of such stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, shall be yearly set, and such price marked, and such allowance made, on present payment of the said duties for any quantity of the said vellum, parchment, or paper, so to be sold, in such manner as by any former law relating to stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, is directed.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such (lamps as the said of are hereby directed

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 34. 205

and authorised to provide and use, shall and may be altered and renewed, in such manner as any other (lamps on vellum, parchment, or paper, are by any former law, relating to stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, directed to be altered and renewed 5 and that all persons who shall have in their custody or potsession, any vellum, parchment, or paper, marked with the (lamp or mark which shall be so altered or renewed, or on which, being already stamped with a damp denoting any former duty, a new (lamp is hereby directed to be impressed, shall have the like remedy and allowance as by any former law relating to stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, is in like cases directed.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be Any person counterfeited or forged, any seal, damp, or mark, to resembleco "nterfe^, n5 any leal, damp, or mark, directed or allowed to be used by this a arap'e c' or any other act of parliament, for the purpose of denoting the duties by this or any other act of parliament granted 5 or shall counterfeit or resemble the impression of the same, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs, and 'successors, of any of the said duties; or shall utter, vend, or sell, any vellum, parchment, or selling or paper, or any cards, dice, or news papers, liable to any damp c^letcf* duty, with such counterfeit damp or mark, knowing the same marktd thereto be counterfeit; or shall privately and fraudulently use any with, seal, d^mp, or mark, directed or allowed to be used by this or any other act of parliament relating to the stamp dpties, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, of any of the said duties; every person so offending, and being thereof*r lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as a fe death, as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.^Ion.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all powers, provisions, articles, clauses, distribution of pe Powers, penalties and forfeitures, and all other matters and things, pre nalties, and scribed or appointed by any former act or acts of parliament re forfeitures, of Jating to the duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, on which g to the any indenture, lease, bond, or other deed, shall be ingrossed, duties on vel. written, or printed; or to the rates and duties on cards, dice, lum, parfch and news papers, and not hereby altered, shall be of full force ment.etc.ap and effed with relation to the additional duties hereby imposed, j^£aw<tioi, s and shall be applied and put in execution for the raising, levying, colledine, and securing, the said additional and new rates and duties hereby imposed, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, as fully, to ail intents and put poses, as if the same had fevcfrally and respectively been hereby enacted, with relation to the said additional and new rates and duties hereby imposed.

XVII. And whereas a fraudulent practice has prevailed of selling cards that have been already used in play, calling the same second hand

cards, to the great injury of the revenue, for remedy whereof, be it Any person further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, if any person feuiogcardsto shall, from and after the passing of this act, sell or dispose of any cards (by way of second hand cards) in packs or pareels, after has been broke

the open,

20 6

shall forfeit for each pack, 5

Produce of the duties to be carried to the sinking fund.

Preamble, reciting a reo lution of the house of commons.

A.1J per fans sviio have made depqliu, pul uaiu to*tile atorcltud

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 34. [1776.

the wrapper or cover, in which the same have been enclosed and tied, shall have been broke open, unless he or she shall, before such sale, mark the back or plain side of every painted or pidured card, in such manner as to render the same unfit to be used in play; every person so offending shall, for every pack of cards so sold, forfeit the sum of five pounds; to be recovered and distributed in the manner directed by an act, made^in the twenty-ninth year of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for granting to his majesty an additional duty on cards and dice. t

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the moneys arising by the said*several and respective rates and duties, (the necessary charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer at Westminster, distinctly and apart from allother branches of the public revenues, and shall, for the purpose aforesaid, be carried into, and made part of, the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund.

XIX. And whereas the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, have refilled that, towards raising the supply granted to his majesty in this fission of parliament, the sum of two millions shall be raised in manner following; (that is to Jay) the sum of one million four hundred thousand pounds by annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, with an additional capital in resptfi of the same, in manner herein after mentioned 5 and the sum of six hundred thousand pounds by a lottery, attended with like annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum; and that every contributor towards raising the said sum of two millions, shally in respect of every one hundred pounds subscribed, upon payment of seventy pounds to the cashier or cashiers of the governor and company of the bonk of England, at the times, and in the manner, herein after mentioned, have, and be inti tied to, the principal sum ofseventyseven pounds and ten billings, in three pounds per centum annuities, re dcemable by parliament, (making together, in the whole, cue, million five hundred and fifty thousand pounds) and, on payment of the re maining sum of thirty pounds on every one hundred pounds so fubfirib ed, to three tickets in a lottery, to corfijl of sixty thousand tickets, of the value of ten pounds each, amounting to six hundred thousand pounds; and that the whole of the find sum of six hundred thousand pounds be distributed into prizes, such prizes to be converted into like three pounds per centum annuities, as oforefiid< and whereas, pursuant to, and upon the several terms and conditions expressed in the did resolution, several perfitn have, in books opened at the bank of England for that purpose, subfiribed together the whole sum of two millions, and made depojits of fifteen pounds per centum, on the respective sums by them subfiribed, with the cashiers of the governor and company of the bank of England; be it therefore enacted by the authority a to relate!, That it ill a 11 and may be lawful to and for all persons, bodies politic or corporate, and their executors, ad niinistrators, fgcceltors, and alligns, who have made such cj^po sits with the cashier or cashiers of the said governor and comply

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 34. 207

pany of the bank of England, (which cashier or cashiers is and refofution, are are hereby appointed the receiver and receivers of such contributions, without any other warrant to be had on that behalf) to ^amde/of advance, and pay, and they are hereby required to advance and their Iubfcrip* pay, unto the said cashier or cashiers, of the said governor and tiens atcer company of the bank of England the several remainders of the J?, in sums by them respectively subscribed towards the said sum or pcci e*two millions, at or before the respective days and times, and in the proportions herein after limited and appointed in that behalf; (that is to say) in respect of the said ium of one million four hundred thousand pounds, the further sum of fifteen pounds per centum, on or before the thirtieth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six; the further sum of twenty pounds per centum, on or before the twenty-eighth day of Jung then next following; the further sum of fifteen pounds per centum, on or before the thirty first day of July then next following; the further sum of fifteen pounds per centum on or before the tenth day of September then next following; and the remaining sum of twenty pounds per centum, on or before the twenty-fourth day of October then next following: and in respect of the sum of six hundred thousand pounds to be raised by lottery, the further sum of twenty.five pounds per centum, on or before the fourteenth day of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy six; the further sum of thirty pounds per centum other part thereof, on or before the tenth day of August then next following; and the remaining sum of thirty pounds ter centum, on or before the third day of October then next following.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every contributor, his, her, or their executors, administra Contributor tors, successors, and assigns, shall have, and be entitled to, an cnt, tled t(laa annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, up cent person his, her, or their part or share in the sum of one million five a, n. from p hundred and fifty thousand pounds, being the amount of the April, 1776. capital of seventy seven pounds and ten Shillings to be allowed to each subscriber of seventy pounds, as aforesaid, for one quarter of a year, from the fifth day of Apr 'iu one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, to the fifth day of July following, to be paid and payable at the bank of England, as soon after the said fifth day of july9lone thousand seven hundred and seventy six, as such contributors shall have completed his, her, or their payments, towards raising the said sum of one million four hundred thousand pounds; and from thenceforth shall be paid by half yearly payments, in even and equal portions, on the fifth day of January, and the fifth day of July, in every year,

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,.

the said sum of six hundred thousand pounds to he raised^by a by a lottery', and distributed into prizes as aforesaid, shall carry lottery, to an annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum per annuwycuvry an inte redeemable by parliament, to commence and be computed fromrclto^3 pr the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and feveri cento

ty

Gc le

ao8 Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 34, [1776.

ty seven, and shall be paid by half yearly payments, in even and equal portions, on the fifth day of July, and the fifth day of January, in every year.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Subscribers to That all such subscribers, their executors, administrators, fuc beahowed m cc{fors? and assigns, paying in the whole of the sums by them fnonic*°patd respectively to be paid, on account of their contributions to in advance, wards raising the said sum f one million four hundred thousand pounds, at any time after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, and before the seventh day of September following; or dn account of his, her, or their respective share in the said lotteiy, for six hundred thousand pounds, on or before the eighth day of August next, shall be in titled to an allowance of so much money as the interest of such futp> so paid in advance for completing his, her, or their contribution respectively, shall amount unto, after the rate of three

pounds per centum per annumy from the day of completing the ame, to the twenty-fourth day of Octobery one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, in respect of the sum paid on account of the aforementioned sum of one million four hundred thousand pounds; and from the day of the actual payment to the third day of Uftober, one thousand seven hundred nd seventy six, in regard to the sum of six hundred thousand pounds to be contributed for a lottery, as aforesaid; such allowance to be paid by the said cashier or cashiers, out of the moneys to be contributed in pursuance of this af, as soon as such respective contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, Subscribers to shall have completed such payment: and that all the subscribers wving^in^the1 or contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, and whole of their assigns, paying in the whole of the sum or sums to be by him, subscriptions, her, or them, paid and advanced, towards raising the said sum 1m1 receive of fjx hundred thousand pounds by a lottery as aforesaid, shall amount°the aveottcry tickets delivered to him, her, or them, to the amount thereof. of the sum or sums by them respectively subscribed and paid for the purchase thereof, at the rate of ten pounds for each ticket, as soon as such tickets can conveniently be made out.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Cashier of the That the cashier or cashiera of the governor and company of the bank to give bank of England, who shall hatfe received or shall receive any ^nmbutors Part* contributions, towards raising the said sum of

for money one million four hundred thousand pounds by annuities, and six received; hundred thousand pounds by a lottery, shall give a receipt or receipts in writing, to every such contributor, for all such sum and sums of money so received by him or them, and that firth which shall be receipts shall be assignable by endorsement thereupon made, at atngnable, etc any time before the fifth day of December, one thousand seven Cashier to give hundred and seventy six, and no longer: provided always, that fco^d ik t0thf ^uch ca^eror cashiers shall give security, to the good liking of any lhrec or more of tie of of the treasury, or of the treau the high treasurer for the time being, for duly answering and furyj paying into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, for the public k

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 34. 209

use, all the moneys which he or they hath or have already received, and shall hereafter receive, from time to time, of and for the said sum of two millions, and for accounting duly for the same, and for performance of the trust hereby in him and them reposed; and shall, from time to time, pay all such moneys, as and to pay all soon as h or they shall receive the same, or any part thereof, or moneys rer within five days afterwards at the farthest, into, and, shall ac cxchc 'ucc count for the same in the exchequer, according to the due course* thereof, (deducing the reout such sums as shall have been paid by him or them, in pursuance of this act) for which sums so paid, allowance shall be made in his or their accounts.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for three or more of the com Commiflmn

missioner of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time ber'of thetrea

ing, to issue and apply, from time to time, all such sums of money,

as shall be so paid into the receipt of his majesty's exche moneypaidin

quer, by the said cashier or caftliers, to such services as shall then by the cashier

have been voted by the commons of Great Britain, in this present session of parliament.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in the office of the accomptant general of the goverifcr Abooktobe

and company of the bank of England, for the time being, a book or books shall be provided and kept, in which the names of the ant generar*

contributors shall be fairly entered; which book or books the office, in which said respective contributors, their respective executors, admint contributor

strators, successors, and assigns, shall and may, from time to time, and at all seasonable times, resort to, and inspect, without 1

any fee or charge; and that the said accomptant general shall, on or before the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, transmit an attested duplicate, fairly written on paper, of the said book or books, into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, there to remain for ever.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such contributors only paying their contribution moneys, Such contri at or before the respective times in this act limited in that behalf, butor only, and their respective executors, administrators, successors, and who there assigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy, and be intituled, by virtue moides^c 1^ of this act, to have, receive, and enjoy, their proportionable cording to share of the said annuities of three pounds per centum perannumy this act, inti* by this act granted, and shall have good and sure interest and t!c<! t^hav^f estates therein; dubjedt nevertheless to redemption, as is herein awiuitieteta after mentioned; and that all the annuities by this act granted

shall be free from all taxes, charges, and impogtions whatsoever; Money paid provided al ways That in case any such contributors, who have already deposited with, or shall hereafter pay to the said cashieror cashiers, any sum or sums of mpney, at the times and in the forfeited to the manner before mentioned, in part of the sura or sums to be by public. them respectively contributed or paid, towards the said sum of two millions, or their respective executors, administrators, fuc* ccffors, or assigns, shall notudvaace and pay, to the said cashier

IQ

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 34; [1776.

or cashiers, the residue of the sum or sums (b to be contributed or paid, at the timers and in the manner before mentioned, then, and in every such case, so much of the respective sum or sums as shall have been actually paid, in part thereof, to the said cashier or cashiers, shall be forfeited for the benefir of the public; and all right and title to the said annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, in respect thereof, shall be extin* guifrted; anything in this act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

As soon as That, as soon as any contributors, their executors, administra contributors tors, successors, or assigns, shall have completed their payments edthcir"1^ 1* we um by them respectively towards the said

ment8, r sum f one million four hundred thousand pounds, the principal sum or sums so by them subscribed and paid respectively, toge scribed etc x^er vv*t*1 additional capital of seven pounds and ten Shillings to be, in the fr every seventy pounds by them advanced and paid, shall forth books of the with be, in the books of the bank of England, placed to the bank, placed credit of such respective contributors, their execitfors, admini to their credit. stratorsf successors, and assigns, completing such payments respectively; and the persons to whose credit such principal sums shall be so placed, their respective executors, administrators, fuc ceflfors, or assigns, shall and may have power to assign and transfer the same, or any part, (}iare, or proportion thereof, to any other person or persons, body or bodies politic or corporate, whatsoever, in the books of the bank of England, and such sums shall, carry an annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum per annumy and shall be taken and deemed to be (lock transferable, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, until redemption thereof, in such manner as is herein after mentioned.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted y the authority afore

Annuities That all the annuities by this act granted and made pay

granted by this able, in respect of the said sum of two millions, together with aft charged the additional capital thereto, shall, from the respective com upon the fink rnencements thereof, be charged and chargeable upon, and are^un - hereby charged upon, and made payable out of, the moneys

which shall from time to time arise, and be in the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, of or for the surplusses, excesses, overplus moneys, and other revenues, composing the fund, commonly called The Sinking Fundy after paying, or reserving fufscient to pay, all such sums of money as have been directed, by any former acts of parliament, to be paid out of the same.

Managers and directors of the lottery to be appointed by the treasury. Method of the lottery books. Ticket. Managers to examine the books with the tickets, and deliver them to the cashiers of the bank, taking a receipt for the same. Cashiers to return the books, with the undifpoed tickets, with an account of moneys paid in Undisposed tickets to be delivered into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fattened with thread or silk; and cut off indentwi e into a box marked with the letter (A). Box to be locked up, and sealed. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 60, 000 tickets are to be

printed.

211

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 35, 36.

[Proviso.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets. 10001. to each nrft drawn ticket of the first 3 days, and 1000l. to the lait drawn. Tickets of the outermost columns of the last mentioned book to be rolled up and tied. Public notice to be given of putting the tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on Nov. 13, 1776. Method to be observed in drawing, C [Number of the fortunate tickets, and the sums to be printed, Disputes to be adjusted by the managers. Penalty on forging tickets, Sec. Felony. Offenders, not in prison, discovering persons guilty, to receive a pardon, and 50l. reward. Managers to be sworn.' The oath. Cashier may receive the sums subscribed, before receiving the lottery book, giving a note for the same j which shall entitle the bearer to a ticket for every 10t. so paid. Contributors not making good their payments within the times limited, forfeit their deposits with respect to the lottery) and the tickets fr such Turns to be delivered into the exchequer Limit at ionof the sale of chances, See. Penalty. office keepers, Sec. fell big ihares in tickets of which they are not possessed, forfeit $ool. and suffer 3 months imprisonment. Offences committed in Ireland a gain ft: acts for preventing unlawful lotteries, made punishable: penalties may be sued for. m Dublin. Tickets to be exchanged for certificates. Managers to give notice of the times for such exchange. Certificates to be numbered. Books to be kept for entering 'the names of persons bringing tickets to be exchanged, See. Certificates to be signeo. See. accountant general of the bank to give credit to the persons named in certificates for linns therein mentioned which may be assignedj and shall carry 3 percent, interest, Sec. Governor, Sec. of the bank to appoint a chief cashier and accountant general. Moneys to be iitued at the exchequer to the chief cashier, for payment of annuities created by this act accountant general to examine receipts and payments. Annuties deemed personal estate. All moneys to which any persons shall be inti tied by this act, to be added to the joint stock of annuities transferrable at the bankj and to carry an interest: of 3 percent. Books to be kept by accountant general, wherein shall be entered au transfers of sums advanced on this act. Method of transferring. Persons possessed of flock may devise the same by will, Sec. Transfers not subject to stamp duties. Commissioners of the treasury to discharge all incident charges attending the execution of this act. The bank to continue accompany till redemption of the annuities. No see to be taken for receiving or paying the contribution moneys, or for issuing receipts, on penalty of aol.

CAP. XXXV.

An act for raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy six.

CAP. XXXVI.

An act for the encouragement and improvement of the pilchard fishery carried on within the bay of Saint Ives, in the county of Cornwall.

[Preamble.]

Boundaries of the six fieros ascertained. Poles to be erected to distingutfb the boundaries of some of the Items. Time of continuing open the Items limited. The manner of taking items, and what entitles a boat thereto. No tuck net to entitle a boat to take item. Time and manner of registering the turns or Items. Stems not registered to be forfeited. Penalty for making false register. Boats quitting a Item, others to facceed according to order, Sec. Any boat taking a fresh turn, after having (hot her feyne nec, C Owner to forfeit rol. Seems at Gam Gtpwze, Pedn Olver, and Porthminster, to be forfeited by going to the joathward of Porthminster station, Scc. Stem to be forfeited by landing the warp.rope in another station. jdimeiffions of the feynes, tow rope, and warp rope. Seyne to be moored only with forty fathoms, and feyoe anchors to have but one flock. Clerk, or register, by warrant, may enter any boat to measure the warp ropes and mooring ropes, Sec. Expenses of m^afiiring, bow. to be paid. Penalty on obstructing the entry of the clerk. See. Every anchor uled in mooring to have a fufflieut buoy and buoy

212

[Preamble.]

act 15 Geo. recited.

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 37. [1776.

[Proviso.]

rope; on penalty of ios. Penalty on leaving boat? at anchor without fire men on board. Penalty on putting a bbatto sea, see. before the warp rope if landed. Regulations for (hooting the feyne. Secqnd boat not to out to lea till the first boat hath (hot her feyne. When feyne i9 partly see in one (tern, the remainder may be Ihpt in the adjoining ftemi if the fife go thither. When feyne is fyot, it ipay be worked through and moored in any other Hem. Twofeyneq may be iqoqred together, with 10 anchors qn th. north and south fides of such feynes. When the anchors of the outern^oft feynes drive, the owners of such feynes to replace the feyne. One anchor to the bunt of every feyne. Seyne that is first moored to attend the mooring of every other feyne. Penalty for cutting off any rope be longing to feynes, see. Proviso, relating to vessels going into or out of harbour. Times for (hooting the feynes upon the several fteros or sit tiens. Owners of feynes, (hooting at improper times, to forfeit sol. for each offence. Commencement, see. of mooting the feynes to be made known by a signal. At what timet foe boats having turn on one (tem, may (hoot their feyne nets within the limits of another item Regfter to be appointed: his duty and salary. Penalty on reeifter receiving bribes,

t; C Register not to be interfiled in the pilebard fifeery, see. Penalty on seing for hook fife, see. between July 15, and December5. Penalty on boats not keeping within so fathoms of the feore, between July sc. and December s 5. Gurries to be measured and marked; on penalty of il. is. $artner(hipt may alter foe lize of gurries. Penalties and forfeitures bow to be recovered and applied. If sufficieitf dilteefs cannot be found, offender to he committed. Justices for toe county, in certain cases, may put this act in execution. How mayor or justices to proceed, in case offender escape into another county, see. Prosecutions to be commenced within*months after offences committed. Small penalties may be mitigated. How justices to proceed for conviction of offenders. Form of conyichon*

Sersons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter ftifions, who may, hear and etermine the matter of such appeals foeir order to be final. Limitation*of actions. General issue. Treble costs. Public act

CAP. jfxxvij.

An act for allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, 'and other articles, to his Majestfs sugar colonies in America, and to the island of Saint Helena, and to the other settlements belonging to the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and of biscuit and peas to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia Bay Chaleur, and Labrador; and for indemnifying all per fans with respect to advising or carrying intp execution his majestys orders oj council already made for allowing the exportation of wheat, and other articles.

WHEREAS by an act of parliament, made in the thirteenth. year of his Majestys reign, (entitled, An act to regulate the importation and exportation of corn), whenever the prices of certain species of Britishcorn or grain exceed the prices therein limited, the exportation thereof from this kingdom ir prohibited under certain penalties in the said ail mentioned, except in particular cases allowed by that and severed subsequent alls of parliament: and whereas certain quantities of wheat, meal, four, breads and biscuits which were allowed to be exported to the British sugar colonies in America, for the fujlenance 'and use of the inhabitants, of the said colonies, and certain quantities of bsfeuit and peas allowed to be exported, to the iflood of Newfoundland, /^ the benefit of the British fishery there by two federal atl\ of parliament, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of

his

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 37. a 13

his present Majesty, the one intituled An act to allow the ex porta tien of corn, grain, and other articles, to his majesty's sugar colonies in America; and to extend the provisions of an act, made in the last session of parliament, (entitled. An act to regulate the importation and exportation of corn), allowing the exportation of wheat, meal, flour, rye, barley, or malt, to the islands of guern foyand strfey, to bread, biscuit, and peas j and to allow th exportation of all the said articles to the island of Alderney: and the other intituled An act to allow the exportation of a limited ouantity of biscuit and peas to the island of Newfoundland, for the benefit of the British fishery there; have been rendered infufft dent by the interruption which has been given to trade, and the bits and dffiurbances which are still subs fling in many Of the colonies in North America, and the inhabitants of the colonies, and the British subjects carrying on the fishery at Newfoundland, and at other parts in America, may be put under great difficulties and distrest at this time, without further supplies from this kingdom: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and tie it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Certain quin ad, it shall and may be lawful to ship and export, from the wne*t, porta of London, Bristol, Liverpoole, and only, any quart

tity of wheat, wheat flour, bread, biscuit, and meal that is to exported fro lay. Not exceeding in the whole, from the port of London, fifty London, bri thousand quarters; from the port of Bristol, twenty thou find stol, liver quarters; from the port of Liverpool!, twenty thousand quarters E?', IM* and from the port of Port Glasgow, ten thousand quarters; at wow any time or times before the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and ferenty seven, to his majesty's sugar colonies in America, for the sustenance and use of the inhabitants of the said colonies: and that it shall and may be lawful to ship and vn'

export biscuit and peas, out of and from the several ports in this cu; t an(j pee kingdom herein after mentioned, to the several places herein allowed to be after named, for the benefit of the British fishery carried on in exported to those parts, so as the same do not exceed the several quantities for

respectively limited to those places, anything, in the said recited ^negt of acts, or either of them, to the contrary notwithstanding; (that the fishery, is to say), from the ports

J herein after

jp To the island of Newfoundland, two hundred and fifty tonnes mentioned'

"I of biscuit, and three hundred quarters of peas

*} Nova Scotia, two hundred tonnes of biscuit, and thretf

2 J hundred quarters of peas.

To Bay cmcuf, two hundred tonnes of biscuit, and three

3 hundred quarters of peas.

I To Labrador, two hundred tonnes of biscuit, and three hun

£ quarters of peas.

<1*

From

f s

h4

4

9

o

]U

5

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 37. [1776.

To Newfoundland, two hundred tonnes of biscuit, and two hundred and fifty quarters of peas.

To Nova Scotia, one hundred and fifty tonnes of biscuit, and two hundred quarters of peas.

To Bay Chaleur, one hundred and fifty tonnes of biscuit, and two hundred quarters of peas.

To Labrador, one hundred and fifty tonnes of biscuit, and awo hundred quarters of peas.

To Newfoundland three hundred tonnes of biscuit, and three hundred quarters of peas.

To Nova Scotia, one hundred tonnes of biscuit, and one hundred quarters of peas.

To Boy Chaleur, one hundred tonnes of biscuit, and one hundred quarters of peas.

To Labrador, one hundred tonnes of biscuit, and one hundred quarters of peas.

To Newfoundland, three hundred and fifty tonnes of biscuit, and|three hundred and fifty quarters of peas.

To Nova Scotia, one hundred and fifty tonnes of biscuit, and one hundred and fifty quarters of peas.

To Bay Chaleur, one hundred and fifty tonnes of biscuit, and one hundred and fifty quarters of peas.

To Labrador, one hundred and fifty tonnes of biscuit, and one hundred and fifty quarters of peas.

im III

si C 8 S.'S $ -5.

i&z| fgpi

g n a.o& U

To Newfoundland, four hundred tonnes of biscuit, and fix'hundred quarters of peas.

To Nova Scotia, two hundred tonnes of biscuit, and 2^two hundred quarters of peas.

To Bay Chaleur, two hundred tonnes of biscuit? and two hundred quarters of peas.

To Labrador, two hundred tonnes of biscuit, and two (.hundred quarters of peas.

To Newfoundland, one hundred and fifty tonnes of biscuit, and one hundred and thirty quarters of peas.

To Newfoundland, sixty tonnes of biscuit, and one hundred and twenty quarters of peas.

b J To Newfoundland, one hundred tonnes of biscuit, and one hundred and twenty quarters of peas.

III

And whereas by an act passed in the thirteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, (entitled, An act to regulate the importation and

tt'

215

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 37.

exportation of com) it was (amongst otherthings) enabled, That nothing therein contained should extend to prohibit the exportation from the port of London, to the island of Saint Helena, of any quantity of wheat, mealy floury ryey barlfy % or malty not exceeding five hundred quarters in the wholey for the sustenance and use of the inhabitants thereof, under the restrictions and upon the conditions therein mentioned: and whereas the aid. quantity of five hundred quarters of wheaty mealy floury ryey barley, or malty is not sufficient for the northeast cossary use and consumption of(be faii island Saint Helena, and for the united Esul India company's ftttfoments in the East ladies; be it therefore enacted by the authority a lore fa id, That, from and 3f India ter the passing of this act, it shall be lawful for the said united cop*ny, m company to export annually from Great Britain to the said island annu of Saint Helenay Bencooleny and to their settlements in the £3/?allyiooooquar iqdiesy or any of them, any quantity of wheat, wheat meal, flour,*rs of wheat, rye, barley, or malt, not exceeding one thousancj quarters in the r. ^. whole, under the restrictions and upon the terms and conditions ^sainthele in the said recited act provided and contained, as respecting the na.bencoolen, quantity of wheat, and other articles, thereby allowed to be ex See. ported to the said island of Saint Helena; anything in the said recited act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding

Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said articles exported as aforesaid, in pursuance of this act, shall be subject to the like securities at s^tojthejika the respective ports from whence they are exported, that the security, C same shall not be landed or sold in any parts whatsoever other on exporta than tljc respective places for which the same shall be entered and twn.asdired dedared for exportation, and in all other respects not altered by, 4>

this act shall be liable to such and the like rules, restrictions*and regulations; and the persons granting or making any false certificate, or counterfeiting, erasing, or falsifying any certificate, or knowingly publishing such certificate so counterfeited, erased, or falsified, shall be subject to the same disabilities, penalties, and forfeiture, as are respectively prescribed and directed by the said recited acts, made in the fourteenth year of his majesty's reign; which penalties and forfeitures shall andpiay be sued for, prosecuted, and Aovered, and applied, in the manner directed by those acts.

IV. And whereas his Majesty, by an order in councily hearing date the thirtieth day of June lofty was pleased to order that a quantity of biscuity not exceeding one thousand tontyshould be allowed to be exported to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur., and Labrador, front the date thereof \ until the twenty fourth day of July followings which time was afterwards prolonged by his Majestys further order in coun eily bearing date the eleventh day of August last; and his Majesty, by another order in councily bearing date the twelfth day of July last, was pleased to order that two hundred tonnes of biscuit should be allowed to be exported to Newfoundland, from the port ^/tiverpoole; and also that fifty tonnes of bifewty and one hundred quarters of peafey should be allowed to he exported from the port of Weymouth; and likewise two hundred quarters of peas from the port of Pool; which said

Q 3 orders

t

ti'Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 38. [1776.

eritrs could not bt just if eiaccording to forms of law, and

yet wort ft much for moforvict of ibt and ft for the safety and preftrvatitn of his Majesty's subjects in those, the same ought to bt justified by al of parliament j and all Jons advtfing, ailing under, or in obedience to the same indemnified; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and claute for in every person and persons who hare or shall have acted or done demnifyingall anything in advising or executing the hud orders of council, or vffineorexe fouch>ng or concerning the same, or relating thereto, shall be cuting certain and are hereby saved harmless, discharged, acquitted, released, order? of and indemnified in that behalf, as well against the King's

council for majesty, his heirs and successors, as against all and every other

allowing ex an(j persons; and all suits and proceedings for any man

bifc^t C ner thing discharged by this present at, shall be utterly void

*and of none effect, to all intents and purposes j any law, ft at ufet

or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An act for the relief of insolvent debtors; and for the relief of bankrupts, in certain cases.

[Preamble.]

[Alphabetical lists to be made out of prisoners in custody for debt on Jan.*, 1776, or tf nee that date

WHEREAS many persons, by Losses and other misfortunes, are rendered incapable of paying their whole debts; and though they are willing to make the utmost satisfaction they tany and many of them are able to serve his Majesty by Jea or land, year detained m prison by their creditors, or have been forced to go into foreign parts out of this realm: and whereas such unhappy debtors have always been deemed the proper objects of public compassion, and, by several alls of parliament, have been discharged on the conditions in such acts men tmed; for the relief, there forty of insolvent prisoners and fugitives, who ball comply with the terms contained in this all, to be respectiveby ebferved by them, and faithfully discover upon oath, and deliver up and assign all their effects and estates whatsoever, for the benefit ef their creditors, and to prevent, as far at possible, the many fronds and abuses, which, in a great measure, have obstructed the good ends of such als \ be it enacted by the King's most excellent msyefty, by and with the advice and consent or the lords spirifcal and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and y the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this act, all and every gaoler or keeper of any prison, in any county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty, within this kingdom, shall, is, and afe hereby required to make a true, exalt, and perfect list, alphabetically, of the name or names of all and every person or persons, who, upon the twenty focond day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, was or were, or at any time firvee have been, under the terms and conditions herein mentioned, and at the time of making out every such list shall be, really an altual prisoner or prisoners, in the custody of any gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers of any prison respectively, upon any process whatsoever, for or by reason of any debt, damage cofu, Ann or Audi of money, contempt,

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 38. \ 21}

of otherwise y and an account of the time when such with the time prisoner or prisoners wai or were respectively charged in eostody, whencharged, or received in prison, together With the ftaitie or names of the j!n.d at whose person or persons at whose suit of prosecution such prifdner Of, ult* prisoners is or ate detained; and shall deliver the same to the Lists to be de. justices of the peace, at their first or second general quarter livered to the sessions of the peagd* to be Held after the passing of this act, or Suarter m ttt folre adjotornment thereof sot such county, riding, division, on city, fewrt* place, or liberty respectively.

II. And be it fuss her tfcacted, That the warden of his Ma Warden of the jesty's ptifoh of the Fleet, and marshal of the King's Bench Prison, fl^t, Sec. to lh*il fevefally* Oft the dehterirtg in of any such list of prisoners j^dilwrlme ih their respective custddy, take an oath, in the open court of^glveri such general quarter session of the peace, or at some adjourn itient thereof, to the effedf following (that it to say: )

1A B. ufon tny corporal oath, tn the presence of almighty God do 1 he oath.

solemnly fvuear, profess, and declare, That all and every person and persons, Vibofo name or names is or are infetied and contained in the '

ftrfl part of the tiff by Me uhu delivered in and subscribed, was and were, to the btfe of my knowledge end belief upon the twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventyftx, really and truly prisoners, in a final tvjlody, in the prison or gaol of

[insert the name of the prison at the suit or Juits of the several person or persons therein resptfllvely mentioned; and also3 that ail and every person and persons, whose name or names is or are infer ted Ot contained in the fecotid part of the said list, novo by trie delivered in and subscribed as of ore said have, fence' the said twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and fevtniyfix, been committed ot surrendered to the said gaol or prison of [infer! the hame of the gatol ot prison] ] the suit or suits of the several person or persons therein respectively mentioned \ except such person or persons who is or are in such list particularly mentioned and dejiribei to have died, befit discharged, or removed to same other prison, by process of lain, fertce the said twenty second day January, one thousand seven hundred and seventyftx \ and alfe except such person of pfrfens, tube is or are in such life particularly mentioned and de feribed to have been permitted to have gone out of the said prison, by day rules of the court of [Common Pleas, or Kings Bench, as the case Hull be,] fence the said twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and Jeveniy sexto transafi their affairs; and also except such person or persons who is or are therein also particularly rrien V timed and described to have, upon the said twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventyftx, or fence, befit in the'rules of the said prison, of the [Fleet, or king's Bench, as the case (Halt be] by leave of the [warden or marshal of the said prison,

*4 the case shall Be $} and have, to the befe of my knowledge and Mtef, feally and tfufyi ever fence, continued and remained in afi&dl fiestody in the said prison, of the [Fleet, of king's Bench, as the case (had btf, J of the liberties thereof, at the suit or suits of the fetterdl persons W the said Ift respofiively mentionedi [am if any prisonef

U or

at Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 38. [1776.

of prisoners hath or have, since the said twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, escaped out of either of the said prisons, then insert] ] [insert the name or names of the prisoner or prisoners who have escaped] ] without my knowledge, privity, or confine, bath or have t[coped out of the said prison of

and that the said list is a true, exafi, persect, and just lift ef all Jmb persons who were really and truly prisoners in afiual custody in tb said gaol or prison of on the said twenty

second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, and who, since the said twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, have been committed to, and really have been, and now is or are, prisoner or prisoners, in a final custody, in the said gaol, or prison of or the liberties

thereof \ and that none of such prisoners to my knowledge, or with my privity, have voluntarily, or with design, or in expefiation to take any benefit from or under any act of parliament, to be made for relief of insolvent debtors, surrendered ibemselyes, or been committed to the said prison, or got their names entered as prisoners in the books of the Jaii prison, or since the said twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, to my knowledge, or with my privity, have refded out of the said prison of or the

rules thereof, [but if any have so done, add, except naming such by name.j

All other And that every other gaoler and keeper of any other prison of

gaolers on prisons, in any county, city, town, riding, division, place, or

livenng in Jiberty, shall severally, on the delivering in of any such list re take^he* L spe<^ively, take an oath, in, the open court of the general quarter following sessions of the county, city, town, division, liberty, or place, for

which he or she shall deliver in any such list, and swear to the effect followings (that is to say: )

Oath T A.B. upon my corporal oath, in the presence of almighty God, do

'X solemnly swear, profess, and declare, That all and every person and persons, whose name or names are inserted or contained in the first part of the list by me now delivered in and subscribed, was and were, to the best of my knowledge and belief, upon the twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, really and truly prisoners in afiual custody, in the prison or gaol of at the suit or suits of the several persons therein respectively mentioned; and also that all and every person and persons, whose name or names rs or are inserted or contained in the second part of the said list vow by me delivered in and subscribed, as aforesaid, have, Jina the said twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, been committed or surrendered to the said gaol or prison of

[if any such prisoner or prisoners hath pr have, since the said twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, been committed or fur rindered to such gaol or prison] ] the suit or suits of the several person or persons thyrein respectively mentioned) except [if any excep'*tien

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 38. 219

tien is necessary] such persons as are therein particularly mentioned /

and described to have died, been discharged, or removed to some other prison by process of law, or to have escaped out of such prison, without my privity, knowledge, r consent, Jrnce the said twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six; and that all and, every of them, whole name and names is and are contained in the first part of the said list (except as before excepted) to the best of my knowledge and belief have really and truly continued in actual custody in the said gaol or prison of ever since the said twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, and that the said list is a true, exact, persect, and just list of all such persons as were really and truly prisoners in actualcustody, tn the said gaol or prison of on the said twenty second day January, one thousand seven hundred and feveuty ftx, and who since the said twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, have, been really and truly committed, or surrendered to the said gaol or prison of (except as before excepted) to the bejt of my knowledge and belief; bnd that none of such prisoners, to my knowledge, or with my privity, have voluntarily, or with design, or in expectation, to take any benefit from or under any act of parliament to be made relief of insolvent debtors,

surrendered or been committed to the said prison of or got his, her, or their name or names entered as prisoner or prisoners in the books of the said prison, or, since their commitment, have to my knowledge, or with my privity, resided out of the said prison of'[if any have so done, then add, except inferring their names.]

Which said respective oaths the said justices, at the first or second Oath to be general quarter session aforesaid, or at some adjournment there administered of, within their respective jurisdictions, are hereby empowered and required to administer in open court: and the words of the10.0*.

said oath herein before directed to be taken by the said warden rubberibed

and marshal relpedrively, shall be entered or written at the endar the bottom or bottom of the list which shall be delivered in by them respectof the lilt, lively, and shall be subscribed and sworn to by them respectively in open court; and the words of the oath to be taken by every such gaoler or keeper respectively shall be entered or written at the end or bottom of the list which shall be delivered by them respectively, and shall be subscribed and sworn to by them re (pcdively in open court: and every such list which shall be so Lists to be 1 delivered in,subscribed and sworn to, in pursuance of this act, kept by the shall be kept by the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or otherc!crlc of the officer acting as clerk of the peace of every such county, riding, pcacc* divigon, city, town, place, or liberty respectively, in which any such list as aforesaid mall be sworn to, for the better satisfaction of the said justices, and information of all or any prisoner or prisoners therein named; and so as the same may, from time to time, be seen and examined by any creditor or creditors of prisoner or prisoners, without fee or reward.,

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid*

£20

Three copies of lists to be fixed up in each prison, Icc.

Persons inserted in the lists being prisoneri, without a fraudulent intention, on Jan. as, 177*,

and conforming to this act, shall be discharged.

Persons ar retted for debt, and held to bail, on or before Jan. 1, 1776, surrendering themselves on or before June6, 1776, and conforming to this at. shall be discharged.

Justices, on petition of any prisoner, and nit delivering a schedule of his eftatt,

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 38. [1776.

That all and every gaoler and gaolers, and keeper of any gaol or prison, is and are hereby required, ten days at lead before the first or second general quarter sessions of the peace shall be hdd, after the passing of this act, for the county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty, in which any gaol or prison shall be, or to which the same belong, to fix up, in some conspicuous place or places in every such prison, and at the rood frequented and usual gate, door, or entrance, into every such prison, three or more true copies of the list or lists proposed or intended to be delivered in by any such gaoler or keeper at the said general quarter sessions, or at some adjournment thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every person and persons, whose name or names shall be inserted in any such list to be delivered in as aforesaid, who, upon the said twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, were realty and truly prisoners in the actual custody of any gaoler or gaolers, or keeper oft any prison respectively of this kingdota, and did not come into or get his, her, or their names entered in the book of any gaol or prison as a prisoner or prisoners there, with a view or design to take the benefit of some a for relief of insolvent debtors, and who shall take the oath herein after mentioned, and shall perform, on hrs or her part, what is required to be done by him or her by this act* shall be for ever released and discharged from his or her imprisonment, in such manner as hereafter is provided.

V Provided always, and be it enacted, That any person or persons who shall have been arrested and in adtuarl custody of an officer, for any fom or sums of money by virtue of any writ or process, issuing out of any court of record, and held to bail thereon, on or before the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, and who shall, on or before the twenty sixth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, surrender him, her, or themselves, in discharge of his, her, or their bail, and stall thereupon be committed to prison, every such person or persons shall, upon due proof of the premises upon oath, be discharged from his, her, or their debts and imprisonment, in like manner as if such person or persons had been actually in prison on the twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six j subject rteverthe* left to the same refiri&ions and provisions, and a compliance with the like terms, conditions, and qualifications herein before imposed upon persons actually in custody on the twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, and also subject to the same terms and conditions relating to the estate and etfedls of every such prisoner as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any justice or justices of the peace of any county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty, within this kingdom, upon the petition of any such prisoner or prisoners to any justice or justices of the peace, within his or their respective jurisdictions, upon every such prisoner or prisoners so petitioning, and

22

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 3s.

at the time of his or her so petitioning, leaving With the justice or justices of the peace who shall be so petitioned, a true copy of the schedule, containing his or her intended discovery of his or her real and personal estate, to be sworn to at the first or second general quarter session next ensuing after every such petition, or same adjournment thereof, by warrant under his hand^ayiabe their and seal, or their hands and seals, to require the sheriff or brin ^hiin sheriffs, gaoler or gaolers, of keeper of any such prison within to t quarter the jurisdiction of any such justice or justices, to bring before the sessions, C justices, at the first or second next general quarter section of the peace, or any adjournment thereof to be held, as the case shall happen to be, next after the expiration of ten days from the date of such warrant, for such respective county, riding, division, rfty, town, place, or liberty, the body of any person being in the find prison as aforesaid, with the warrant or warrants or his with ^1* war or her detainer, together with a copy or copies of the cause ordeuinerhllrc, causes which he, (he, of they, is or are charged with in any such gaol or prison as aforesaid, at the time aforesaid; which warrant of every such justice or justices, every such sheriff and sheriffs, gaoler, or keeper, is and are hereby commanded to obey.

VII. And be it also enacted, That the copy of every schedule schedule of

which shall be left with any such justice or justiefe, shall, within to bct#

ten days after the same shall be so left, be transmitted by the^nf^ justice or justices, with whom the same (halt be so left, to the the clerk of clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, the peace, for the county, riding, division, city, town, place, or

liberty, in which the same shah have been so left, there to remain and be inspected, from time to time, as occasion shall re for inspection choir, by any creditor of any such prisoner who shall desire to creditor, inspe'ft the same.

VIII. And be it also enacted, That every such justice or justices Any justice.

Who shall refuse or omit, for the space of ten days, to transmitomi*}, rfb fc the copy of the schedule so left with him as aforesaid, to the a

derk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of copy of the the peace, for the county, riding, division, city, town, place, or schedule to liberty, in which the same shall have been so left, shall, for every clerk of stich offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds; which (half shall forfeit C and may be filed for and recovered in any of his majesty's courts, 0jf

of record at Wtfimnfler, by action of debt, together with costs of suit, in the name of any person who shall prosecute for the same; and one moiety of which money forfeited shall, when recovered, go to the party who prosecutes for the same, and the other moiety thereof to the poor of the parish in which the offence shall be committed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every prisoner pri*°neri and prisonere, who shall intend to petition to be dischargedsp, tinder this act, as aforesaid, shall first cause pumick notice to be^ir dif inserted in three feveraf London Gazettes, previous to such general charge, are to quarter session, and the adjournment thereof, at which the saidsiv5 p*wqu* prisoner or prisoners shall apply to be discharged from any

in London or within the weekly bilk of mortality; and if fuoiv&c,

on

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 38. [1776.

prisoner shall be in custody in any gaol out of London, or the weekly bills of mortality, then also in some newfjfeper which shall be published in or near the county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or place, in the gaol whereof he or she shall be Contents of foin custody; containing the name, trade, and occupation, and uk nonce. two last places of abode, if so many, of every such prisoner and prisoners and the prison wherein he, she, or they, is or are confined, and of his, her, or their intention to take the benefit of this a; and mentioning such notice in each Gazette or newfc paper, to be the first, second, or third notice, according to the d to be paid time of publishing each of such notices and for the inserting ofaoh Time for each of which said several notices in the said Gazette, or in any infer ting no Other newspaper, there shall be paid, each time, by every such'*' twopence, and no more: the first of which said notice

be so inserted in the said Gazette, or in the hid other news

as the case may require, thirty days at lead, and the last of the said notices, ten days at lead, before any stich first on second general quarter session, and adjournment thereof, shall be held as aforesaid; that as well all the creditors who have, not charged the said prisoner or prisoners in custody as those creditors who have charged such prisoner or prisoners in execution, or on mesne process, or otherwise may have diffident notice thereof.

X Andy to the intent that all creditors may have full afii sufficient time to eonftder the matters and things contained in the schedule or schedules intended' io be delivered in by any debtor or debtors, be it Every debtor further enabled, That every such debtor, when he or she shall to debvtr a (according to the directions of this at) publish the first notice schedule of cf an intention to petition for his or her discharge, he or she the gaoler, 0 n ^llc^ not*cc> declare that the schedule, containing his or

and to declare her intended discovery of his or her real and personal estate, (to; the same in his be sworn to in manner as by this act directed) is lodged in the first notice, hands of the gaoler or keeper, or the deputy of such gaoler or C keeper, of the prison wherein any such prisoner shall be confined

; and every such prisoner is hereby directed and required to deliver such schedule to such gaoler, keeper, or deputy, as the case may be, before he shall publish such first notice as aforesaid, signed by his or her own christian and surname, to be attested On neglect by any such gaoler, keeper, or deputy; and in case any prisoner thereof, to be shall neglect or refuse to deliver one such schedule to such gaoler, 'remanded keeper, or deputy, prior to such his first notice to be given as °on on aforesaid, he or she, upon due proof made of such negle§ to the satisfaction of the court to which such prisoner shall make application for his discharge, shall be remanded back to prison, there to remain till he or she shall have complied with the direc gaolertoatieft tien* aforesaid: and every speh gaoler, keeper, or deputy, is the prisoner's hereby directed and required to attest the signafure of the pri signature to foner's name to such schedule, and to receive the same into his andgw*him custocty an? Charge, giving a duplicate thereof to every such a duplicate prisoner, with an acknowledgement of his having received the*thereof original and he is hereby further required to deliver a true copy

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 38. 223

of any such schedule, 'signed by himself, upon request made to and alsoto him by any creditor for that purpose, in writings such copy to*ive a copy to be delivered to the creditor himself, or to such personas he shall appoint to receive the same, within thyee days after demand q

made, on payment for each schedule after the rate of sixpence per sheet, each sheet to contain seventy two words, and foin proportion for any less number of words: and if any such gaoler, Gaoler, See. keeper, or deputy, shall neglect or refuse to conform to the n?glc&t to directions hereby given him respecting such schedule, every such*10 L gaoler, keeper, or deputy, so offending, shall forfeit and pay the Aim of twenty pounds, to any person who shall sue for and recover the same, in any of his majesty's courts of record at West mnjur % by action of debt.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the notices to be given by every prisonei, in manner directed by this act, shall be to the ene following videlicet:

I [insert the name trade, occupation. Form of pri

and two last places of abode, if so many] now confined in foner't notice [insert the name of the prison and county,] do hereby give this public notice, being [insert the firfiy feemd, or third as the case may be,] that I do intend to take the benefit of an ably passed in the fifteenth year of his present majesty.t reign, (entitled An act for the relief of insolvent debtors; and for the relief of bankrupts, in certain cases 5) [and if it be the first notice, then add] and I do hereby give notice y that a true and perfect schedule, containing a discovery of all my real and personal ejiatty hereafter to be sworn to, is now ready to be delivered to any creditor applying for the same in manner aforesaid, to the gaoler or keeper, or hit deputy of [insert the name of the prison wherein such prisoner shall be confined, and the county in which it is situate] ]

every such notice shall be signed by the prisoner, and Notice to be countersigned by the gaoler or keeper, or deputy of such signed by the gaoler or keeper, of the prison wherein such prisoner shall be prison*r> confined.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every such prisoner as Prisoner being aforesaid, who, in pursuance of any such warrant as aforesaid, brought into shall be brought to the general quarter session, or any adjourn p*['aatioa ment thereof, shall, in case it shall be proved upon oath, or by notices producing the said three Gazettes and newspapers before men proved, C tioned to the said justices, at any such session, or the adjournment thereof, that such notices were infer ted in the London Gazette and other newspapers, where required, in manner as herein before is directed, and that the person or persons so petitioning was or were actually a prisoner or prisoners on the said twency second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eventy six, or since, in the gaol or prison tn which his, her, or their name or names is or are specified in the list of prisoners there delivered in at any such first or second session, or any ad

124 Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 38. [1776.

journment thereof, as aforesaid, in pursuance of this act, dull, in opea court, at the said general quarter session, or any acto deliver in journment thereof, subscribe and deliver in a true schedule or a schedule of account of all his or her real estate, either in possession, rever debtfta&e> remainder, or expedancy; and also of the whole of his or

C her personal estate, which he or she, or any person or person in

trust for him or her, or for his or her use, benefit, or advantage, is or are seized of, interested in, or entitled to, or was or were in his or her possession, at any time'since his or her commitment to prison, with the names of his or her several debtors, and where they respectively live, or may be met with and the several sums of money from them respectively owing, and how the same respectively became due, and are secured; and if by mortgage, specialty, contract, note, or other writing, then the name and names and places of abode of the several witnesses who can prove such debts or contracts, (if there be any such)) shall also make oath and swear to the effect following (that is to say: )'

Prisoner's T A.B. upon my corporal qath, in the presence of almighty God, do oaf h on de X solemnly wear, protest, and declare, That on the twenty second day frhllrl"? in the f January, one thousand seven hundred and fcvtnty six, I was a prs uc* finer, or elfey [as the case may be,] that fmee the said twenty

ficond day of January, one thousand seven hundred andfiventy ftx, / have surrendered, or have been committed to the prifin of

in discharge of my bail, or for want ofbail, [as the case shall be; ] and that I was actually arrested, and in the custody of an officer, before the aid twenty focond day of January, one thoujmd seven hundred and fiventyfix, in the action or fiat, actions or suits, in which surrendered, or was committed as aforesaid, to the jau gaol or prison of and that I have, ever sine

my said surrender or commitment, continued a prisoner within the prison of, in the oflual custody of the gaoler

or keeper of the said prison of or within the

liberties thereof, at the J nit of*and without any fraud or collusion whatsoever; and that the schedule now delivered by me, and subscribed, doth contain, to the best of my knowledge, re membrance, and belief*field, just, (rue, and perfect account and difi covery of all the goods, effects and estates, real and personal* either m possession, reversion, remainder, or expeflaney, which f or any perfm in trust for me, or for my benefit or advantage, are seized or pofftffai of, interested in? or entitled to, or was or were in my pffiffien at cny time fence my commitment to prifin; and of all debts as are to me owing, or to any person or persons in trust for me and of all the Securities and controls whereby any money now is, or wtll or may hereafter become payable, or any benefit or advantage may accrue 00 mej or to my use, or to any person or persons in trust for me; most the names and places of abode of toe several per fans from whom fetch debt are due and owing; and of the witnefes (hat can prove fitch debts or eontrakfsy [if any such there be; ] and that neither /* nor any aether perfiu or ptrfins in trust sir me, or for my use, have any lands, money

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 38. 225

flock, or any estate, rtal or personol, in or remainder,

or txptflaney, other than what are in the aid tained, accept wearing apparel, bedding for tnj/elf

working tools, W necessary implements for my occupation and together with a sum of money not exceeding forty billings, and theft in the whole not exceeding the value of twenty and that /

not, nor anybody for me bath, dirtily or indiref3h, jbld, lessened or other wise conveyed, difpefed of in trust, or concealed, all or any part of my lands, money, goods, chattels, flock, debts, contrails,

or estate, real or personal, whereby to secure the same, or to receive or expost any profit or advantage thereof, or with intent to defraud or deceive any creditor or creditors, to whom lam or was indebted in anyvafe howsoever.

So help me GOD.

And the said schedule and oath shall be, by every such prisoner, Schedule and subscribed in the presence of the justices in open session of the oath to be Tub peace, as hereby is directed, and shall be kept by, and remain jfonb'da'"the with the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, for the county, city, liberty, division, the clerk for town, or place, where the (ante shall be subscribed and taken, the examina for the better information of all the creditors of such prisoner, on ofcredl* who shall desire, or may have occasion, to relbrt thereto; andtora* every such creditor shall be at liberty, at fealbnable times in the daytime, to penile and examine the same,

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the justices within Court, at the their respective jurisdictions, at any such general quarter session, requett a or adjournment thereof, at the request of any creditor or creditors of any such prisoner, are hereby authorised to cause the er, C ca deputy warden and marshal of the Fleet and king's Bench prison, oath, and any other under officer, tipstaff, and turnkey of any gaol or prison, and any other person, to come before them, and to examine them respectively on oath, touching any of the matters Contained in any of the oaths prescribed by this act to be taken, and the truth thereof j and if the oath which shall have been The prisoner's taken in open eourt by any prisoner or prisoners, shall not be oath not be di(approved by good testimony of any credible person or persons JJ*

On oath, and such justices, or the major part of them, present dischargtbiro, at. any such. general quarter session, shall be satisfied with the truth of the oath taken by any such respective prisoner, then such justices shall, in such session, or Tome adjournment thereof, command the said sheriff or sheriffs, gaoler or gaolers, or keeper of such, prison or prisons, forthwith to set at liberty such prisoner OF prisoners, without having or taking any fee or reward, other than one shilling for his or their attendance with every such on hit paying pfjfoner at foeh general quarter session, oe any adjournmentj*'1, to thereof, in order for his, her, or their discharge; (and which(n "

every such. (tariff or (tariffs, gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers, of such prison or prifooe, is and are hereby authorised to receive and take for every such order:,) and every such order shall be a

suffi '

by

226 Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 38* [1 776,

who shall be fafficicnjt discharge to the sheriff or sheriffs, gaoler or gaolers, or indemnified keeper of such prison or prisons, and shall indemnify him or for the escape. t^em against any escape or escapes, or actton or actions whatsoever for escape, which shall or may be brought commenced, or prosecuted against him or them.

Estate and

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid efftfts of thephat]] the estate, right, title, interest, and trust, of such pri b.c. d?scha^ge" ner in, an unto all the real estate, as well freehold and to be veiled in copy as customary hold, and to all the personal estate, debts, and the clerk of effects, of every such prisoner, shall, immediately after the dif the peace, charge of any such prisoner, be, and the same is hereby vested in the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, of and for the county, riding city, town corporate, division, liberty, or place, where any such prisoner shall whoistomakebe respectively discharged; and every such clerk of the peace, town c^cr* or ol^er officer acting clerk of the peace, is nees namfd hereby directed and required to make ah assignment and con by the court; vcyance of every such prisoner's estate and efie&s, vfcfted in such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, as aforesaid, to such creditor or creditors of the said prisoner, as the justices at any general quarter session of the peace, or at any adjournment thereof, which shall be held by them within their respective jurisdictions, shall order and direct, (which alignment and conveyance shall be good and effectoal in law, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, without being wrote on parchment or paper stamped 5) and to vest the eftatrs thereby assigned and conveyed in the party or parties to whom the same shall be so assigned and conveyed, his, her, and their heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, according to the for which he estate and interest the prisoner had therein; and for the prepar shall be paid ing, ingrossing, and executing of which alignment and convey ance, no clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, shall take any greater fee than two Shillings; and every such assignment and conveyance shall be in trust for the benefit of the creditor or creditors of every such prisoner to whom the same shall be made, and the rest of the creditors of such prisoner, in resp$ct or in proportion to their respective Assignees im debts; and every person or persons to whom any such assign powered to ment and conveyance as aforesaid shall be made, is and are hereby fully empowered to sue, from time to time, as there may

be occasion, in his, her, or their own name or names, for the recovery and attaining any estate or effects of any such prisoner, or execute any and also to execute any trust or power vested in, or created for trust r power the u^c or benefit of any such prisoner, but in trust for the foiier VT benefit of him or themselves, and the rest of the creditors of every such prisoner; and to give discharge and discharges to any debtor or debtors of any such prisoner, as shall be requisite: Assignees to and every such assignee or assignees shall, with all convenient fitate and Peed after his or l^e*r accepting any such assignment or con effects of she vcyance, use his and their bell endeavours to receive and get in piifuner, the estate and effects of every such prisoner; and shall, with all

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 38. 227

convenient speed, make sale of all the estates of such prisoner and make fal veiled in such assignee or assignees; and if any such prisoner within two shall be interested in, or entitled to, any real estate, either in mr possession, reversion, or expectancy, the lame, within the space^au*of two months after evety such assignment and conveyance,

shall be sold by public auction, in such manner, and at such place, as the major part of the creditors of any such prisoner who shall assemble together, on any notice in writing published in the London Gazette, or in some daily paper, if the prisoner before his going to gaol resided in London, or in the weekly bills of mortality, and if elsewhere, then in some newspaper which shall be

!)ublished in or near the county, riding, division, city, town, iberty, or place, in which such prisoner dwelled before he or she was committed to gaol, thirty days before any such sale shall be made, shall, under his band, or their hands, agree on: and every and make a such assignee or assignees, at the end of three months at farthest dividend from the time of his or their accepting any such assignment or*conveyance as aforesaid, shall make a just and fair dividend of all such prisoner's estates and effects, which shall have been then t recovered, amongst his or her creditors, in proportion and in regard to ea£h creditor's respective debts; but before any suchdrft making dividend shall be made, such assignee or assignees shall make UP coums^and an account of such prisoner's estate, and make oath in writing, verifying them before one or more justice or justices of the peace of the county, upon oath, riding, division, town, liberty, or place, in which any such prisoner shall have been discharged, that every such account contains a just and fajr account of the estate and effects of every such prisoner got in by or for such assignee or assignees, and of all payments made in respect thereof, and that all payments in every such account charged were truly and bona fide made and paid; and notice of the making of every such dividend shall be pub 30 days no lished in like manner as a meeting of the creditors is herein t, fc to be before directed to be published, thirty days at lead before the same shall be made; and no creditor shall be allowed to receive dcnd*any share of such dividend, until he shall have made out the ancj none (0 justness and identity of his respective debt by oath, or due proof receive any in writing, before some such justice or justices: and if any share until creditor of such prisoner shall be dissatisfied with the reality or the^a^ j fairness of any debt claimed by any other creditor, then the §2^ ir same, at the request of any such creditor or creditors so diflatif et, ts"claimed fied, shall be examined into by the justices of the county, riding, to be examine division, city, liberty, or place, in which such prisoner shallhaveed into and been discharged, at their next general quarter session, and whatd*term, nwl by they shall there determine in the premises shall be conclusive to the court all parties: and if, after payment of all such prisoner's creditors. Surplus of the there shall any of his estate and effefls remain after payment of prisoner's all reasonable charges, the same shall be paid to such prisoner, eft?{c to^his executors or administrators. toh, n,

XV. And, to the intent that no lost may arise to any creditor or creditors from any niglefi or omission in the schedule not containing the fvhtde of the estate, real or per final, belonging to any prifiner who

toil

in the icbe dale of prisoner's estate.

228 Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 38. [\yj6.

Creditors not shall apply for his or 'her discharge, under the authority of this ai to tusser from be it enacted, That all the estate, whether real.or personal, any om^flion which shall belong to any prisoner or prisoners and of which he, she, or they, shall be actually possessed at the time of making such schedule, shall be deemed, and taken to be, a part of the estate contained in such schedule, though not inserted therein, and shall in like manner become vested in the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as such, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had been contained in such schedule, and had been delivered into the court according to the directions of this act. t

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case of the death or removal of any clerk of the f>eace, town clerk, or

On death or removal of

as clerk of the peace, as aforesaid, in whom

peace, prisoners estates to be come vested in their iuc ccffors.

No salt in equity to be commenced, but by consent of majority in value of creditors.

the estate, right, title, interest, or trust, of any prisoner or prison ecs, shall have been vested by the authority of this act; every such estate, right, title, interest, and trust, shall become vested in the successor or successors to every such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, as aforesaid respectively, as the case may be, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, under the provisions of this act.

XVII. Provided further, and be it also enacted, That no suit in equity shall be commenced by any assignee or assignees of any such prisoner's estate and effects, without the consent of the major part in value of the creditors of such prisoner, who shall meet together pursuant to a notice to be given in the London, Gazette for that purpose.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Clerk of the That the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting peace to exhi as clerk of the peace of every respective county, city, and county ditor*orhht*town* anc county, riding, division, cinque port, liberty, and attorney, on place, with whom any schedules of the estates of any insolvent payment of ts. debtor or debtors, fugitive or fugitives, shall be left, and his fuc the schedule ceflors, clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as sr'* ejates°n* c^cr^ Peace as aforesaidi shall, on the reasonable request

a 1 of any creditor or creditors of such insolvent debtor or debtors, fugitive or fugitives, or his or their attorney, produce apd shew to such creditor or creditors, or his or their attorney, in the daytime, the schedule of the estates of any such insolvent debtor or debtors, fugitive or fugitives, which shall be left with any such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, or his predecessor in that office; the person so requiring to see and peruse.any such schedule, paying or tendering to the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, in whose custody any such schedule shall be, or his deputy, the sum of one shilling for his trouble in searching for, and looking out, such schedule, and attending whilst the lame shall be perused by the party or parties requiring Attested copy to have the same looked out, and to peruse the same: and that Thereof \ ° a truc c°py cvcry such schedule, signed by the clerk of the c^tocc. P^' town ckrk* or °ther officer acting a clerk of the peace,

III

*77*3. Anno decimo sexto Georgii II. c. 38. s29

in whose custody the same shall be, or his deputy, purporting the same to be a true copy of such schedule, without being wrote on stamped paper, (and for which copy no more shall be paid than sixpence by the sheet, each sheet to domain seventy two words, and foin proportion for a less number of words,) shall, at all times, be admitted in all courts whatsoever as legal evidence of the same: and if any clerk of the peace, or his deputy, Clerk of the town clerk, r other officer acting as clerk of the peace, shall, on p*aee refuting reasonable request as aforesaid, neglect or refule to produce to fuclh^hedule any such creditor or creditors as aforesaid, or his or ckeir at jj.cto deliver torney, any such schedule as aforesaid, and to permit the same copy thereof, to be inspected as aforesaid, in the daytime, on such payment cor tender as aforesaid being made to him; or shall ak or take more than after the rate of sixpence by the sheet, each sheet to contain seventy two words, and foin proportion for less than seventy two words in a sheet; or shall refuse to make and deliver a copy of any such schedule, on being requeued as aforesaid so to make the same, and having the money tendered to him for payment of such copy, after the rate aforesaid; shall, for shall forfeit every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum 6f ten pounds; whichol. and shall and may be sued for and recovered in any of his mjjedy'stfcwc

courts of record at Westminster, by action of debt, together with treble costs of suit, in the name or any person who shall prosecute One moiety to for the same: and one moiety of which money forfeited shall, the Pro, ccu when recovered, go to the party who prosecuted for the same, j and the other moiety thereof to the poor of the parish in which poor of the the offence shall be committed. parish.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That before such Assignee of time as any assignee or assignees as aforesaid shall enter on, or copyhold or take any profit from, any copyholder customary estate, as.afore customay said, he or they shall agree and compound with the lord or lords compound of the manor or manors of whom the same shall beholden, forwjth the lord the payment of such fine dr income as, upon any surrender and of the manor, admission thereto, hath heretofore been most usually accudomed

to be paid; and that upon every such agreement or composition, and to be d the said lord or lords for the time being, at the next court, or mitred tenants some subsequent court, which shall be held for the said manor thereupon, or manors, after such agreement made, shall admit such assignee or assignees, tenant to such copyhold or customary prem.fes, according to the cudom of the said manor or manors of which the same shall be held, for and during such estate and intered as the said prisoner had therein at the time of his or her being discharged as aforesaid, reserving the rents, duties, heriots, customs, and services, payable and to be rendered in respect of the said copyhold or customary premises.

XX. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall ex the prisoner tend to prejudice or affect apy estate or intered, or right what right and in soever, of any other person or persons, other than the said prisoner or fugitive, which may be expectant upon, or subject unto, ^tj, js the estate or intered of the said prisoner or furtive, hereby vested in the said clerk of the peace, town clerk, or hr officer Ifting

Kz as

AH mortgage, fc. to taice place of eterable to claim of an inferior nature.

Power in prisoners of leaf ing land?, C veited in assignees.

Th acting gmler, it che ti northeast of deli vcring Ui'only liable to be sworn.

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 38. [1776.

as clerk of the peace; but that the estate, interest, and right whatsoever, of every other person and persons, shall remain, continue, and be saved to them, in the same manner as if this act had not been made.

XXI. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act shall extend, or be construed to hinder or prevent any mortgage or mortgages upon the estate of such prisoner or prisoners, or any part thereof, to take place upon the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, comprised in such mortgage or mortgages respectively; nor to prevent any Statute staple, Statute merchant, recognisance, or judgement, acknowledged by or obtained against any such prisoner or prisoners, to take place upon the lands, tenements, or real estate of such prisoner or prisoners and also where any inquigtion shall have been taken upon any such Statute or recognisance, or any writ or execution shall have been taken out and delivered to the sheriff or proper officer, upon any such judgement, before such discharge shall be given in open session to any such personas aforesaid, the personal estate of every such prisoner respectively shall be subject thereto, in the first place, for so much as shall remain due upon such mortgage, Statute, recognisance, or judgement, respectively, in like manner as such mortgagees and creditors, by Statute, recognisance, or judgement, would have been preferred to other creditors of an inferior nature, against the real or personal estate of such prisoner and prisoners respectively, if this act had not been made; any tiling herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXII Ind whereas many persons who may be in tit led to, and claim the benefit of this act, are seised'and possessed of lands, tenements xand hereditaments, to hold to futh prisoners for the term of their natural lives, with power of granting leases, and taking fines, reserving small rents on such efatesy for one, twoy or three livesy in possesson or reversiony or for some number of years determinable upon livesy which said powers ought to be executed for the benefit of the creditors of such prisoners; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in every such case, all and every the powers of leagng such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which are or shall be vested in any such prisoner or prisoners, as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby vested in the assigneeor assignees of the real and personal estate of such prisoner, by virtue of this act, to be by such assignee or assignees executed for the benefit of all and every the creditors of such prisoners as aforesaid.

XXIII. And wh f easy in some gaols or prisons in this kingdom, the cffi<e of gaoler or keeper is held in fee for life, or otherwise, by persons who n/ver aft as za.urs or keepers themselves y or know anything of the prisoners therein, but depute or employ some person or persons under them os gaolers or keepers of Jueh gaols or prisons; be it therefore enacted, Tlut, in every such case the person who shall have been actually employed and acted as deputed gaoler or keeper of any such gaol or prison, at the time of the delivering in the lists, hereby directed to b delivered in, of prisoners in any such gaol

M or

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 38. 23

or prison, at any general quarter sessions of the peace, or some adjournment thereof, and not the principal gaoler or keeper,

(unlefe where such principal gaoler or keeper shall act as gaoler or keeper himself)) take the oath herein before appointed to be taken by the gaoler or keeper of every such gaol or prison.

XXIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Court, on re the justices, at any general quarter session of the peace, or ad of a

journment thereof, to which any prisoner shall be brought in admiisfter^n pursuance of this act, shall, if required by any creditor or credi ©ath to the tors of any such prisoner or prisoners, who shall oppose his or gaoler, her discharge, administer and give to the gaoler, or the person who acts as gaoler or keeper of any such prison, at the time of bringing up any such prisoner, in order to be discharged under this act, an oath to the following effect; (that is to say, )

I A.B. do swear, That was really and truly The

a prisoner in my custody, in the prison of to the hest of my knowledge and belief at or upon the twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventyftx; and that the copy or copies of the cause or causes of his [or her] commitment or detainer, now by me brought with the body of the said and prodded to this court is or are a true copy or copies of the cause or causes of such detainer or commitment, without any fraud r deceit by me, or any other person whatsoever to the beji of my knowledge and belief.'/

So help me GOD.

And if any person who was gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler f such p*rfon or keeper, of any such gaol or prison, on the said twenty second'^uj^ day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, or oa'jan*, since, shall not happen to be the gaoler or keeper, or deputed 1776, then'he gaoler or keeper, of any fych gaol or prison, at the time any such take lh< list as aforesaid is hereby required to be delivered in, then the ^oll°win8 justices, at any such session, or hit any adjournment thereof, may and are hereby required to administer and give to the respective person or persons who shall be gader or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of any such gaol or prison, and deliver in any such list as aforesaid, at any such general or quarter session, or any adjournment thereof, an oath touching the commitments, or books of commitment, of any such prison to the effect for lowing; (that is to say, )

I A.B. do swear, That I have examined the commitments, or looks Oath. kept of or concerning the commitment, of prisoners to the prison of in the [county, riding, division, city, town, place, ox liberty of as the case shall be; ]

and that I do verily believe that the said commitments, or books of commitment, are really true, and not fictitious, not calculated f0this purpose, and by them it doth appear that

was, on the twenty second day of January, one thousand seven bun

232 Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. p. 3$.

[1776.

dred and seventy fix, really and truly a prisoner in the actual custody of the then gaaler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of the said prison, without fraud or deceit by me, or any other person or persons, to my knowledge and belief.

So help me GOD.

XXV. Andy in order to discover any fraudulent entries or commitments of prisoners in any gaol books, be it further enacted by the Court, at the authority aforesaid, That the justices, at any general or quarter request of a session of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, are hereby summon the authorised, at the request of any creditor or creditors of any person who prisoner, to convene before them, at some certain time, to be acted at gaoler appointed by them, any person or persons, who was or were on Jan.*, gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of any gaol or 1776, oriince, prison within their respective jurisdictions, on the said twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy and examine six, or at any time since; and to examine every such gaoler or limon oath, keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, on oath, touching the commitment and continuance in custody of any such prisoner, as the justices, at any such general or quarter session, or adjournment, Sheriff or thereof, shall think fit: and if any sheriff, gaoler, or keeper, £*°krdif or deputed gaoler or keeper, shall neglect or refuse to bring be o^ourt to 'r^orc iu^'ccs> at any session of the peace, or adjournment

forfeit 1001, thereof, any prisoner as shall be directed and required, by warrant with treble of any justice or justices as aforesaid, or to attend on being aim colli. moned for that purpose; or if any gaoler or keeper attending,

shall refuse to make answer and discovery in the premises, as shall be reasonably required, at such general or quartet feflyon, or any adjournment thereof, he, she, or they, so offending in, the premises, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the

sum of one hundred pounds; to be recovered, by and in the name, and for the use, of the party injured, byadlion of debt, to be brought in his or her name, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, together with treble costs of uiit.

XXVI. And whereas a great number of workmen skilful in the several trades and manufactures of this kingdom, and also many able seamen and marinersf finding themselves unable to satisfy the whole of their respective debts, and dreading the miseries of a gaol, have choje to leave their employments and native country, and have entered themselves in foreign service: whereas their continuance abroad must tie f ireat prejudice to the trade of this kingdom; in order therefore so induce and enable such persons to return, be it enacted by the Debtors who authority aforesaid, That all and every.debtor and debtors, who were beyond was or were atfuljy beyond the seas, in foreign parts, on the la fe fn 5 said twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred furnnderi^ng* ?nd seventy fisc and did not go into such foreign parts with the themselves, view or intent to gain or have the benefit fan insolvent debtor's may take the a, who shall return and surrender himself or themselves, within benefit of this spun^n days next immediately after his or their landing in a 1 England, unto the gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers of the

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 38. 233

prisons of the king's Bench, Marshalsea or Fleet, or to the gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of the prison or prisons of such county, city, town, riding, division, liberty, or place, where such debtor or debtors Raft dwelled, for the space of six^month?, (which said gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers, is and are hereby required and im powered to receive, and detain such debtor or debtors, surrendering as aforesaid, in order to their discharge, as herein after mentioned,) and who, from and iop mediately after such surrender, do continue in actual custody of such gaoler and gaolers, keeper or keepers, until the time of his discharge, shall be deemed a prisoner or prisoners within, and be, to all intents and purposes, entitled to the benefit of this act; and shall, upon due proof of the said premises, by the oath of such debtor or debtors (not disproved by any credible witness } / discharged in the same manner as if he, she, or they, had been actually in prison on the said twenty fe: ond day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, and continued therein as aforesaid j subject nevertheless to the same restrictions upon he same and provisions, and a compliance with the like terms, condi tiens, and qualifications, hereinbefore imposed upon the said cra/^ prisoners actually in custody upon the said twenty second day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, and also subject to the terms and provisions relating to the estate and effects of such prisoner, as aforesaid; excepting only such parti except in cer culars thereof as require the name of a prisoner to be inserted inaifl p*rticu the gaolers dr keeper's list, as aforesaid, as relate to the oaths ofltn* such' gaoler or keeper herein before appointed to be taken; which particulars cannot possibly be applied to the case of per tonnes surrendering themselves as aforesaid; and also except the said Oath herein before appointed to be taken by prisoners in custody upon the said twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six; instead whereof, the person or persons so surrendering shall take an oath, in open court, at some general or quarter session of the peace, or some atljourn ment thereof, of the county, city, town, riding, division, place,

or liberty, in the prison of which ahy such fugiti^ or debtor shall be held, after the surrender of any such fugitive or debtor,

to the eflfedt following; which the said justices authorised to put this ain execution, are hereby required and empowered to administer in such manner as the oaths herein before mentioned are to be administered,

A.B. upon my corporal oath? in the presence of almighty God, Fugitive's JL solemnly j'wear* protejl, and declare; That I was actually on the oalh* twenty second day January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy jix* beyond the sees in foreign parts j videlicet, at and that I did within fourteen days next immediately after my landing surrender myself to the evjlody of the keeper of [as the case may be j] and that have ever since such my surrender continued a prisoner in his custody; and that the schedule now dedher od and by me subscribed, doth contain to the beji of my knowledge V

234 Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c.$8. [i 776.

rmembranct, and belief, a full, just, true, and perfefl account end discovery, of all the real estate, goods, effefls, and other personal aflat*,

"in arty wise belonging to me; and also of all such debts as are tefme'owing, or to any person or persons in trust for me; and of au the'securities and contrails whereby any money now is, or will or may hereafter become payable, or whereby or where from any benefit or advantage may accrue to me, or to my use, or to any other person or persons in trust for me; and the names and places of abode of the Jeutrd persons from whom such debts are due and owing; and of toe wu nesses that can prove Juck debts or contrails, [if any such there be j] and that neither I, nor any persons in trust for me, is or are fiifid of any real (ft ate, in possession, reversion, or remainder, or expeflaney, er of any persondl estate of any kind whatsoever, other than what are in the said schedule contained; except my wearing apparel, and bedding for rnyfelf and family, my working tools, and necessary implements forney occupation and calling, together with a sum of money not exceeding forty y Billings, and not exceeding in the whole the value of twenty pounds;

and that I have not, directly or indirectly, sold, lessened, or otherwise conveyed, disposed of in trust, or concealed, all or any part of my reed estate, money, goods, chattels, flocks, debts, securities, controls, or per final estate whatsoever, whereby to secure the same, so as to reubvo or expect any profit or advantage therefrom to myfilf or family, or with any view, intent, or design, to defraud or deceive any creditor or creditors, to whom 1 am indebted in anywise bowfiever, or prevent their recovering or attaining their respective debts.

So help me GOD.

Fugitives ar

XXVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any fitgi retted, intend tive intending tosurrender to the terms of this a, (hdl, within dcg ^nthied*1 Pace mentioned of fourteen days, be arrested in any

tole benefit^or a<^on> which cause of action accrued before the said at this a. twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and

seventy six, such fugitive giving notice (as before directed,) to any justice of the peace at the next general quarter sessions, and hi all other fefpefts complying with the terms and conditions of this act, shall be entitled to the benefit of the same; and every sheriff, bail#f, or officer, gaoler, or keeper of a prison, in whole custody such fugitive shall be detained, shall conform him or themselves to the directions of this act, in like manner as before mentioned.

XXVIII. And whereas a great number of commission and warrant officers, in his Majesty's sea and land service*through unavoidable misfortunes, have involved themselves in debt (and many of them, through necessity, have taken up 'money on terms very disadvantageons to themselves, tending to hasten their ruin) are now unable, though willing; to serve their King and country, because, to avoid the disgrace and Shame of a prison, they have taken Jhclter in privileged plates, and ionrtot come forth without danger of being immediately arrested, or have been thrown into prison, without hopes of being releajed by any discharge of their debts, and are therefore become ufiless and d heavy

*35

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 38.

burden, tnjlead'of being serviceable to the state: and whereas thanycf them are not under the description of those persons who can take benefit by the prcviftons of this act, without some extension thereof, yet are very proper objects of such relief as is hereby intended to be given; be it therefore enacted, That all and every commission or war Any commit rant officer or officers, in his majesty's sea or land ferwee, now f*n orj*r upon the full or half-pay list, who shall, on or before the twenty forth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, rcncjer him" funrender himself or themselves to the gaoler or keeper of any of iclt, asbhere his majesty's prisons, in such manner as is herein ditedied for n directed for fugitive debtors returning from foreign parts, who mean to claim the benefit of this act, and who shall, subsequent thereto, conform themselves in all respects to the like terms and condi (had be inri tiens prescribed to such fugitive debtors, (except as to so much tied to the be of the oath required to be tiken by them, as declares that such f^debtors were in foreign parts on a certain day, and did surrender within fourteen days after their return j) instead whereof, every such debtor shall swear, that he did, on or before the twenty forth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six,

[as the case maybe] surrendef himself to the custody of the gaoler or keeper of [insert the name of the prison]

and who Aall, in all other respects, take the same oath as every such fugitivedebtor is required to do, shall be deemed and taken to be a ptfioher or prisoners within the true meaning of this at and be iritftled to the benefits thereof, to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any gaoler or keeper of any prison, or his deputy or Gaoler, or deputies, shall, without just cause, to be approved of by the justicei at same general quarter session of the peace, or adjourn no^omplyine men? thereof, within their respective jurisdictions, refuse or delay with the re to bring any such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid to any such gubtions of general quarter session, or some adjournment thereof, in order to

to his or her discharge; or shall neglect, refuse, or designedly forjach0of*omit to insert, in any such list, the name or names of any such fence, with'prisoner or prisoners who was or were actually in custody in his treble costs. or their respective gaol or prison, on the said twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, or since; or shall neglect or refuse to make out, fix up, or deliver, such lists as aforesaid 5 or if any such gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, shall neglect or refuse to take any of the said oaths before mentioned, and hereby required to be taken by him; or shall, upon any account or pretence whatsoever, take or receive more than the said sum of one shilling herein before allowed for his or her attendance in order to be discharged of such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid; or shall detain any such prisoner after he or she shall be discharged as aforesaid; or if the printer of the London Gazette, or other newspaper, as '

aforesaid, shall wilfully refuse or neglect to insert therein the notice by this act directed to be given, on reasonable request to him made for that purpose, and tender of the money hereby

direct

by

Goo,

L Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 38. [1776.

f'difeded to be paid; or shall take or receive any see pr gratuity more than twopence as aforesaid for doing thereof; every such gaoler and keeper of such prison or prisons, his deputy or deputies, and every such printer as aforesaid, shall respectively forfeit and pay to each prisoner, in any such case injured, the sum of one hundred pounds; which shall and may be recovered, with treble costs of suit, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or informa tien, in any of the courts of record at Westminster % wherein no. essoin, protection, or wager of lats, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid Gaoler con That if any such gaoler or gaolers, or keeper or keepers, or any yi&ed of per deputed gaoler or keeper, of any prison, shall, in taking of the jury, to tofefc aforementioned oaths, forswear or perjure himself, and shall stfl UU t^crco^ lawfully convicted, such gaoler or keeper, or deputed*0 gaoler or keeper, of such prison or prisons, (over and above/uch

penalties as may be inflicted on persons convicted of perjury,) shall, upon every such conviction, forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds; to be recovered, with full cods, by bill, plaint, or information, or sdion of debt, in any of his majesty's courts. of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of law, shall be allowed, by and in the name of such person or persons, his and their executors and administrators, to whom any assignment or conveyance, in pursuance of this act, shall be made, of the estate and effects of such prisoner or prisoner;, if no such assignee or assignees shall be living, then in the name or names of any other creditor or creditors who shall sue for the Application of said penalties; to be applied, one moiety to the informer or the penalty, informers, and the other moiety towards satisfaction of the debts of such his creditor or creditors.

Clerk of the

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any clerk of the peace refilling peace, or his deputy, or town clerk, ox other officer acting as a pjifoner a c|erk Of the peace, mall delay or refuse to give every or any such ffifcharce prisoner so discharged as aforesaid, within fourteen days. ?fter

1*his or her discharge, a copy of the order of his or her discharge,

or taking exon the payment of two Shillings and sixpence; or shall take

orbitant sees, more than the sum of two Shillings and sixpence for such copy;

or shall take more than one shilling for an assignment or con shall forfeit veyance of such prisoner's estate or effects; every fuqh clerk of

oi. to the the peace, or his deputy, or town clerk, or other officer acting

prisoner. as c)erk Of tic peace, who shall so offend, and who shall becop

vided at any such general or quarter (eflion of the peace, or.any adjournment thereof, of any such offence, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay to every such prisoner the sum of twenty pounds, as the justices of the peace at any such general quarter session of the peace, or adjournment thereof, shall order; and who are hereby empowered to cause the same to be levied by distress and sale of the goods of any such clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or town clerk, or other officer acting as derk of the peace, so offending.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 38. 237

That if any prisoner as aforesaid, or any other person or prifener,*. persons who shall, take the benefit of this act, shall forswear or cenwfted of perjure hirafdf, herself, or theqiselves, in any oath to be taken pcqury*to uoder this act, and shall be lawfully convicted thereof, he, (he,

or they, so offending, shall be adjudged a felon, and suffer as such, without benefit of clergy.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person to be discharged by this dd shall, at any Person dif time hereafter, be imprisoned by reason of any judgement or ch?r^ bf decree obtained for payment of money only, or for any debt, j^bkio damages, contempts, costs, sum or sums of money, contracted, prhonmentfo* incurred, occasioned, owing or growing due, before the said debt, C twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and contracted be seventy six; but that Upon every arrest, upon every judgement, for

or such decree, or for such debts, damages, contempts, costs, 177*sum and sums of money, it shall and may be lawful for any judge of the court where the process issued, upon shewing the copy of the order of such prisoner's discharge or discharges, to release and discharge out of custody such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid; and shall, stf the same time, order (he plaintiff or plaintiffs, in such suit or suits, to pay such prisoner or prisoners the costs, he, she, or they, shall have incurred on such occasion, or (a much thereof as to such judge shall fettn just and reasonable; and every such judge is hereby empowered so to do 00 such prisoner's causing a common appearance to be entered for him in every such action and suit.

XXXIV. And whereas under former as of this kind, doubts have arisen, what was to be done with such prisoners who applied at any session to be discharged who owed and Jlood charged with i$bt$ % as well previous as subsequent to the day limited by the respectivt alts $ to remedy which^be it therefore eqaded by the authority aforesaid, That no prisoner or prisoners shall be discharged of any Bat no pri debts subsequent to the twenty second day of January, one (oner to be thousand seven hundred and seventy fi j and if it shall appear discharged or to the justices, in any session or adjournment, that any prisoner qucntuier^a. or prisoners, (hen applying to them to be discharged, shall stand charged as well with debts previous to as subsequent to the said twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy.fix*chat in such cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for the justices to discharge him or her of all debts previous to the said yventy second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, and to remand him or her back to the custody of the keeper of the prison from whence he or she was brought, far all debts with which he or she (lands charged with in his custody, subsequent to the said twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action of escape, or any suit or action, be Justices, kc brought against any justice or justices of the peace, (h'eriff, i*aypfcad thit gaoler, or keeper of any prison, for performing their office, in can ac "

pursuance of this act, they may plead the general issue, and give ig^tt mc/a.

this

ij8 Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 38; [1776.

and recover this act in evidence; and if the plaintiff be nonsuited or discon treble costs. tinue his action, or verdict pass against him, or judgement upaa demurrer, the defendant (half have treble costs.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority afore persons dif said. That if any Scire Facias, or action of debt, or upon judge charged may ment, shall be brought against any prisoner, his or her heirs, SKIT; cxectrs' or aditiinistrators, upon any judgement obtained an actions or aga^n^ any such prisoner, or on any Statute or recognisance ac judgements knowledged by him or her, before the said twenty second day brought of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, with worf/an" 1 respect to prisoners in actual custody, or with respect to debtors the Teas, as aforesaid; upon the said twenty second day, of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, it fhafi

be lawful for any such prisoner, his or'her heirs, executors, or administrators, to plead generally that such prisoner was a&tiahy a prisoner in such prison.at such a person's suit, or was or were V'beyond the seas in foreign parts on the said twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, and was or were duly discharged according to this act, at the general quarter session, or adjournment thereof, held at such time and place, for such county, riding, division, liberty, city, town, or

place, (as his, her, or their case is,) without pleading any matter and In other specially; and in case any other suit or action shall be com suits may menced against him, her, or them, for any other debt, sum or ch^evh"* sums of money, due before the said twenty second day of ja perftms° fromf marj* one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, to plead in execution. discharge of his or her person from execution, (over and above such matters as aforesaid)) such debt or sum of money, (as the case shall happen) was contracted or due before the said twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, without pleading any other matter especially; Plaintiff may where to the plaintiff shall or may reply generally, and deny the reply gene matters pleaded as aforesaid, or reply any other matter or thing tally, C "which maythew the said defendant not to be entitled to the benefit of this act, or not duly discharged according to it, in the same manner as the plaintiff might have replied, in case^the defendant had pleaded this act, and his discharge, by virtue of this but if non ad, specially; and if the plaintiff be nonsuited, discontinue his suited, to pay action, or verdict paf against him, or judgement on demurrer, treble costs. the defendant to have treble costs.

Attorniesor

XXXVII. Provided always, That nothing in thisp*tcon servantsem tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to relea^rdjt dif carse any attorney at law, or solicitor, or any other ffcrfon or eluded th^be persons acting or pretending to act as such, with regard to any ir tit of this debt with which he or they shall stand charged for any money, or other effects, recovered and received by him or them, for the use of any person or persons, bodies corporate or politic, and by any attorney, solicitor, or other person or persons acting as, such, embezzled, concealed, or converted to his or their own

use; or to release or discharge any servant or agent, or any person or persons employed or intruded as such, with regard to any

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 38. 239

debt or demand, with which he, she, or they shall stand charged, for and on account of any money, goods, or other effects, received or possessed by him, her, or them, for the use and on account of his, her, or their matter or matters, or employers, and by such servant or agent embezzled, concealed, or converted to his, her, or their own use; anything herein contained to the contras thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And whereas many evil disposed persons to support their profligate way of life have by various subtle stratagems threats, and devices fraudulently obtained diverse sums of money, goods wares, merchandizes, bonds, bills of exchange promissory notes or other securities for money to the great injury of industrious families and to the manifest prejudice.of trade and credit; be it enacted, That no pri Personi who foner, who knowingly and designedly, by false pretence or pre pretences,

shall have obtained from any person or persons, money, jjsedmo goods, wares, merchandizes, bonds, bills of exchange, promis nty9 goods, lory notes, or other securities for money, shall have or receive C excluded any benefit or discharge by or under this ak; but the justices, tb? bwefit of at any general or quarter session of the peace, or any adjourn thu aa ment thereof, before whom any such prisoner shall be brought, upon due proof of the matter, made to their satisfaction, shall remand such prisoner to the custody of the gaoler or keeper of the prison from whence he or she shall have been brought, anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. And whereas many debtors have with a view to defraud their creditors sold transferred conveyed or assigned their estate and effects to some person or persons subsequent to their being in custody of law or imprisoned under some procejs for debt: and whereas such [ale transfer conveyance or alignment has been frequently made, to the infinite prejudice of the fair and honest creditor though sufficient prof could not be obtained to convict the party of a fraudulent design;

be it enacted, That whenever it shall be provea by one or more Any person credible witness or witnesses, to the satisfaction or the court, to haying fold o which any prisoner shall be brought up, in order to obtain hisa^|" efd^f or her discharge, that such prisoner has sold, transferred', con estate or ef veyed, or assigned, to any person or persons, all or any part of feds, after be his estate or effects, subsequent to the time of his imprisonment, in.ghicustody, or of his being in custody of law, without just cause for so doing, j^fraudhu10 to be allowed by the justices presiding in such court as aforesaid; creditors, every such prisoner shall lose all the benefits and advantages that shall lof the he might have otherwise claimed under the authority of this act, benefit t "r

and shall not be entitled to his or her discharge. a<ft'

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Gaoler to per that every gaoler or keeper of any prison shall, and is hereby mit the speak required to suffer, in the daytime, any gerson or persons defir [ovrif^ersl* ing the fanje, to see and speak, in the lodge, or some convenient hose names room of the said prison, with any prisoner or prisoners, whose are inserted in names are inserted in the aforementioned list or lists, or i<ondon llrt* °*! Gazette or other newspaper, or any of them, or any persons gate surrendering themselves pursuant to this act $ and also see, in mining origji the true and genuine books of the said prison, the entries made n hooks of

of entries, C

34o

ofifijit.

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c.jff.

[1776.

of the name or names of such prisoner or prisoners, together with the name or names of the person or persons, at whose suit on penalty of or fiiits he, she, or they arc detained: and if any such gaoler or with colls keeper shall neglect or refuse to comply with what is here above required, every such gaoler or keeper, who shall so offend in the premises, shall Forfeit and pay, to the person so refused and aggrieved the sum of forty pounds; to be recovered, with costs of suit, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of the courts at Westminster*, wherein no essoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed, by and in the name or names of the person or persons so refused and aggrieved,

XLI. And whereas several persons, who have talen the benefit of efts of insolvency, from a difficulty of obtaining a new credit to Jet themselves up in their usual trades and occupations, (as their future effects have been made liable to their debts previous thereto) have gone abroad for the better maintenance of themselves and families carrying the arts and manufactures of this country to our enemies, or rivals jit trade: in order to prevent such evil for the future, be it enacted, That the future real estates, as well freehold and copyhold, as customary copyhold, or money in the funds, or lent upon real security only, of every such person or persons, prisoner or pri notwithstand foners, fugitive or fugitives, which, after the time of his, her, or tng their per their total surrender of his, her, or their estates and effects, ki vnc*er ft ashe, she, or they, 'shall or may be seized of, in editors*her, or their own right or ue by grant, demise, or purchase, shall remain and be liable to his, her, and their respective who may sue creditors, as before the making of this act 5 and any creditor or out execution, creditors of any such prisoner or prisoners, fugitive or fugitives, but not again it maat any tjmc hereafterj sue out execution, extents, or other

Prisoners fu. Cure estates, or money in the funds.

their persons, or personal effects' '

process, against such real estate or money in the funds as aforesaid, of such person or persons, on any judgement at the time of such discharge recovered, or Statute staple, or recognisance acknowledged by, or decree obtained against, any such prisoner or fugitive, but not against his, her, or their person, or his, her, or their personal estate or effects, except money in the funds obtained or accrued (ince such time of such discharge, other than as aforesaid.

XLII. And be it also enacted, That any creditor or creditors of any prisoner or prisoners, fugitive or fugitives, who shall be discharged under this act, may, at any time after any such dif

________ _ charge, commence and prosecute any action or suit against any

prisoner'sif such prisoner or fugitive, his, her, or their respective heirs, executors, or administrators, for the recovery of any sum or but not hold sums f money which shall be due from any such prisoner or the prisoner to prisoners, fugitive or fugitives, at the time of his or their said' Ipeatel bail, discharge, but shall not hold the person of any such prisoner or wor take hk fugitive to special bail; nor shall take the person, or personal^ask C tfeds, other than as aforesaid, of any such prisoner went recover w fugitive, in execution, by any judgement, sentence, or decree, ed against him. which shall have been, or hereafter may be, recovered or obtained

Creditors may foe for the recovery of debts due at the time of

*41

17^6.]. Awio jdecicao sexto Georgii III. c. 38. tained against any such prisoner or fugitive; and any judge of the court, out of which such execution shall issue, shall have power to discharge the same by virtue of this act: and, in any No advantage action or suit, which shall be hereafter commenced against any to be taken of such prisoner or fugitive, his or her heirs, executors, or admini fhc cause of strators, no benefit or advantage shall be had or taken for; that croi^itbhi the cause of action did not accrue within three years next before yean, C the commencing of any such action or suit; nor shall any Statute or limitation be pleadable, or be allowed to be pleaded in bar of or in any such action or suit, which shall be hereafter commenced Dy any such creditor or creditors against any such prisoner or prisoners, unless such cause of action or suit did not Exception accrue within three years next before any such prisoner or fugitive shall be discharged under this act; and, in any such case, the same may be pleaded by any such prisoner, his or her heirs executors, or administrators.

XLIII. Provided always and be it likewise enacted, That by Discharge of the discharge of any prisoner or fugitive by force j this act, no prisoner no other person or persons who was or were partner or partners in ji?mrtii*or trade with any such prisoner or fugitive, at the time of his or tarcucu her discharge under this act, or then stood bound, engaged with, or liable to, the payment of any debt with any such prisoner or fugitive, or engaged in any coritrad together with any such prisoner or fugitive, shall be discharged from any such debt or demand; burevery such other person and persons shall severally (land and be chargeable with, and liable to pay, such debt and debts, and to perform such contracts, in like manner as ify any such prisoner or fugitive had never been discharged from the same.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any gaoler or Gaoler make keeper, or reputed gaoler or keeper, of any prison or prisons, ing ftlfc en shall make, or cause to be made, any false entries in any hook rt^011 or books belonging to any prison or gaol under his care or jofo^tgool which he is or was gaoler, or shall prepare or keep, or cause to with treble be prepared or kept, any false book or books, in order for any cods, false or untrue entry or entries to be made therein; or shall insert in any list, to be delivered in as aforesaid, the name or names of any person or persons who was not a prisoner or prisoners in actual custody in any such gaol or prison upon the said twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, or shall not have ever since remained in such actual custody,

(except as in the oath of any such gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, shall be excepted,) every such gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, shall, over and above the penalties which he shall be liable to for every such fraud, forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds; to be recovered, with treble costs of salt, by and in the name, and for the use, of any person or persons who shall be prejudiced by any entry, or such false entries; which penalties shall and may be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, protection.

or

24*: Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 38. [1776.

or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be

allowed.

Persons refu

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any prisoner, being to declare thereunto required by any creditor, shall refuse to discover and the abode, C decjare the trade or occupation, and habitation, or last place of at who suit person or persons at whose soit he or she is debe

it detain tained or charged in custody; being called for and deiired, CD C by any creditor or creditors, 'to come to the lodge of the prison in which any such prisoner shall be confined, without some rea tob< excluded fonabie cause being made appear to the contrary; every such the benefit of prisoner, upon proof being made thereof before the justice at this act. any general or quatter session of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, to be held as aforesaid, shall not have or receive any benefit or discharge by or under this act; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XLVI. And whereas there is but one common or county gaol for each of the respective counties of York, Lincoln, Lancaster, and Durham, which said counties are each of them divided into federal ridings or divisions, all which have fever a I commissions of the peace; and if the gaolers of those gaols be obliged to carry the debt or r, prisoners therein, to the quarter session of each riding or division9 the same will be a very great charge, not only to such gaolers, but also to the prisoners in those largt counties; be it therefore enacted by the autho justice# may rity aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for two or more assemble ator justices of the peace for any of the ridings or divisions in the re near any fp dtive counties, (or any other county or counties where the android'pons are at a distance from the place where the sessions are session there held,) at the common or county gaol thereof respectivdly, or at for discharge some convenient place near thereto, and they are hereby required of prisoners. to assemble and meet, and to holds session there, by adjournment from their respective quarter session, from time to time, for the discharge of the respective prisoners therein, according to the powers, limitations, and directions of this act.

XLVII. And whereas the next general quarter feffwns of the peace for the county of Surrey, which shall happen after the paffng of this act? may be in the county, and upwards of twenty miles from any of the said prisons; be it therefore enacted by, the authority afore justices for the said. That it shall and may be lawful for such justices as shall county of he assembled at the general quarter session of the peace to be Surrey may af held for the county of Surrey, next after the passing of this town halloa anc fhcy are hereby required forthwith to adjourn the said south*at kfor session to the townhall in the borough of Southwark, for the administering purpose of administering the oaths required to be taken and oaths, Sec. fobfcribod by this act, by the several gaolers within the said

county wherein any prisoner or prisoners are confined, and to r the discharging such respective prisoner or prisoners confined therein, according to the powers, limitations, and directions of \ this act.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, eleke^in ° at all debtors and others, who were in prison on or before custody for the said twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred

1776.] Anno decimo sexto georoiiiii. c. 38* 243

deed and sevenry six, or since, in any of the gaol of this king payment for dbm, and now remain there for not paying their sees, rents, or Jees, e. to other demands due, or claimed as due, to the keeper or, gaoler bediiehargeif# of apy prison respectively, or to any other officer of such prison, and upon no other account, shall be discharged therefrom, he,

(he, or they, taking the oath by this act required to be taken by prisoners.

XLIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further encted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall not extend or be con This act not (trued to extend, to discharge any person out of prison, seeking to extend to his or her discharge under this act, with respect to any debt or debtors to tb penalty with which he or she shall stand charged at the suit of crofmj the crown, or a the suit of any sheriff or other public officer, upon any bail bond entered into for the appearance of any person prosecuted for any offence committed against any act or acts of parliament relative to his majesty's revenues of customs, excise, or salt duties, or either of them.

L Provided also, That this act shall not extend to discharge nor to prison any person out of prison, seeking his or her discharge under this ei who owe aft, who shall be charged by anybody politic or corporate, or more than^by apy one person, on or before the said twenty second day of unltft January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, in any (bch crcduor sum exceeding the sum of one thousand pounds, besides interest consent. and costs, and whose discharge shall be ip court opposed by such body politic or corporate, or one person. (except; such person Exception qr persons who shall have been bound in security for any other person or persons to a larger amount, and it shall appear, to the fathfaction of the court, that such person or persons so bound, or giving, or joining in, such security, hath or have not received, or applied to his, her, or their own proper and separate use or benefit, any part of the sum or sums of money so due and owing as aforesaid)) if any such body politic or corporate, creditor Creditor of or creditors, to whom a sum exceeding one thousand pounds posing prison shall be owing, shall oppose the discharge of such prisoner, cr's discharge, (except as aforesaid)) shall insist that such prisoner be continued in gaol 3 that then, and in such case, such body politic weeks P or corporate, or creditor or creditors, opposing the said prisoner's discharge as aforesaid, shall, at his, her, or their proper costs and charges, allow and pay, in the whole, such a weekly maintenance to the said prisoner, not exceeding four Shillings, nor less than three Shillings and sixpence per week, in such manner as the said justices, in their general quarter session, or adjournment thereof, shall prder; and, upon nonpayment of the same for and on non. thefpaeeof two weeks, the said prisoner, upon application to paymei^for the said justices in their general quarter session, held as afore p"fonertobe said, shall be discharged, pursuant to the intent and meaning of discharged'

ist aft.

hand whereas, under former acts, creditors have been put to great expenses and trouble in attending every session and adjournment, during the whole continuance of the act, to oppose the discharge of prisoners clearly excluded from any benefit under the said respective Vo*. XXXI S atts.

his distnarge.

Justices, on ptoof by two witnesses of objections being removed. See. may dif ctiarge such prisoner.

244 Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 38. [1776.

alls, but who, after having been before one session heard, and refvfei a discharge, to harrass their creditors, constantly gave fresh notices far each subse</uent session and adjournment of their intended application to be discharged; to remedy which, be it further enacted by the'. Determina authority aforesaid, That in all cases whatever, the determination of justices tien of the justices in section or adjournment (halt be final to all wiufntents and purposes, unless the prisoner shall, during the con

to the'men -- tinuance of this act, get rid of the objection or objections, for non of any which they refused his discharge; and, that the same maybe

pcifonei i clear and certain, the justices are hereby required to state the

unless the pti objections why such prisoner's discharge is refused by them; loner get nd an(j9 in au cases whatever, it shall and may be lawful to and for tien^so°rwhich x^c ju^'ces> at any subsequent session or adjournment, upon ap they refused plication from the prisoner, upon due proof on oath made to them, by two or more credible witnesses, (which oath they are hereby im powered to administer)) each objection or objections being removed, and on proof of notice, served, at lead ten days previous to such application, on the creditor or creditors who before opposed his discharge, and of notice likewise inserted in the Gazette, in manner before directed by this act, to order such prisoner to be brought before them, and, if they shall then be of opinion the said prisoner is entitled to the benefit of this act, to order him to be discharged, he taking the oath, and in all other respedu conforming to the directions of this act.

No fugitive to

LII. Provided always, That every fugitive or fugitives, in obtain a dif titled, or to be intituled, to the benefit of this act, shall obtain charge after respective discharges on or before the first day of August,

Ufi*177*one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, or shall be excluded from all benefit of this act.

LI

II. And whereas it may happen that several persons, who may claim and be entitled to the benefit of this act, are seized of an estate tail, in same freehold or copyhold lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which entail, with the remainders thereupon expectant, they have, by law, power to defeat and bar, either by levying a fine or fines, suffer vig a common recovery or common recoveries, or by surrender or surrenders thereof, whereby such person or persons said freehold or copy hold lands, tenements, or hereditaments, would be liable to the payment of their debts, and be delivered up, according to the terms of this act, for the benefit of their creditors; be it therefore enacted by the Prrfows seized authority aforesaid, That in every such case, such person or persons so seized as aforesaid, and who shall be entitled to, and claim the benefit of this act, shall, to all intents and purposes whatsoever in law, be deemed and taken, and is and are hereby declared to be seized of such lands, tenements, and hereditaments in fee: provided the same shall be delivered up to the creditor or creditors of every such prisoner, in the same manner as if such person or persons had actually levied a fine, suffered a common recovery, or recoveries, or made a surrender or surrenders thereof, and thereby had become seized in fee; any law, or construction of law, to the contrary thereqf* in anywise notwithstanding.

of an eftajg tail, claiming tive benefit of this tare to cmivtr up tin fa northeast to CI editors.

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 38. 245

LTV And whereas many personss who may take the benefit of this have been great dealers, or otherwifi engaged'in large transactions, whereby they may be ini it led to sundry and great debts and demands, of various and intricate natures, and they may de entitled to equities of, redemption of estates, subject and liable to mortgages, judgements, and other encumbrances, or to reversions, remainders, or other contingent, estates in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or to other trusts or in' '

in estates, both real and personal, which may not be sufficiently deftribed or discovered in the fhedule, or inventory, before directied to be delivered in, upon oath, as aforesaid, or which may want his aid or affifiance to adjufi, make out, recover, or manage, for the benefit of the creditors: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, Assignees may That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective pply for fur assignees of the estate and effects of such prisoner or prisoners 1. exajpi who shall obtain his, her, or their discharge, in pursuance of foneratouckr this act, or any other person or persons, duly authorised by them log the differ that purpose, from time to time, to apply to any twb or covery of their more of the justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, i city, town, place, or liberty, where such person or persons shall be then redding, thereby desiring that such person or persons may be further examined as to any matters or things relating to his, her, or their estate or effects; such justices shall and justices send for, or call before them, such person or persons, by such may send for warrant, summons, ways, or means, as they shall think^I shem*icwrd* and, upon such person's appearing, shall examine him, her, or fag\y. them, as well upon oath as otherwise, as to such matters and things, as such assignee shall desire, relating to the estate and effects of such person or persons j and if any person or persons Persons refus (on payment, or tender of payment, of such reasonable charges ing to appear, as fu; h justices shall jude; e sufficient) shall neglect or refuse to or answcf* come and appear, not having a lawful excuse, to be made know/i ^r't^cooi to such justices, and by them allowed, or, being come before mitted. them, shall refuse to be sworn, or to answer to all such questions as by such justices shall be put to him, her, or thenv relating to the discovery of his, her, or their estate or effects, so vested, or intended to be vested, in such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, or in such assignees as aforesaid, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for such justices, by warrant under their hands and seals, to apprehend such person or persons so offending as aforesaid, and him, her, or them, to commit to the common gaol, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, until such time as he, she, or they, shall submit him, her, or themselves, to such justices, and answer up oo oath to all such lawful questions as shall, by such justices, be put to him, her, or them, for the purposes aforesaid.

LV. And be it further enacted by the authorityi aforesaid.

That all and every such person and persons, who shall, within°1. percent, twelve months after the discharge of such prisoner or prisoners, voluntarily come in and make a discovery of any part of such Victon*!* debtor or debtors real or personal estate, as shall not be commonths, any prised in such schedule as aforesaid, before any justices aforesaid, part of a pri*

Si shall

146 Anno decrmo sexto Georgii III. c.j9. [1776.

(oner's estate shall be allowed after the rate of twenty pounds per Centum, out iio* cemented of the net produce of such debtor or debtors estate which shall clule*5 schc- e recovfered on such discovery, and which shall be paid to such person or persons to discovering the same, by the assignee or afiigrfees of such prisoner'* estate and effeas.

Dischargeob LV1. Provided always, and be k if enacted, That not with wiued fraudu (landing the discharge of any prisoner or prisoners by virtue of icnrly, void. t^s ac jf t ^ass hereafter appear the same was obtained fraudulently, or that any part of the oath taken by any such prisoner was not true; then, and in every such case, every such discharge shall be void, and of none^LVII And) ftr the better discovery of the estate and effedh of any

prisoner who shall be discharged by virtue of this act, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any person or persons who shall have accepted of any trust or trusts, and shall wilfully conceal or protect any e^ate, real or personal, of any such prisoner, from his.creditors, and shall not, within thirty days after any af&gnee ieit 100l and or assignees shall, in pursuance of this abe chose of any such ^ituhbt % vblele, pr^orjeif, s discover and disclose to such assignee or assignees

Person concealing any ettare or effete, of the prisoner for

colts offbit.

such trust and estate, in writing, and deliver up or make over the same to such assignee or assignees, he, she, or they, so offending, shall, for every fu?h offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, and also double the value of the estate, either real or personal, so concealed, to and for the use of the creditors of any such prisoner; to be recovered by action of debt, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, in the name or names of the assignec or assignees of such prisoner's estate, together with treble costs of suit.

LVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful, at all times hereafter, for any assignee or assignees, of the estate or effects of any prisoner or prisoners, who shall be chose in pursuance of this act, by and with the consent of the major part in value of such prisoner or prisoners creditors, who shall be present at a meeting, to be held on compound for twenty-one days public notice being previously given for the A am purpose hereafter mentioned, in the London Gazette, if the prisoner was in custody in London, or within the weekly bills of mortality, and if not, then also in some newspaper, which shall be published in the county, city, or place, in or near which any such person shall have been in gaol, to make composition with any person or persons, debtors, or accountants, to such prisoner or prisoners, where the same shall appear necessary or reasonable; and to take such reasonable part of any such debt as can, upon such composition, be gotten in full discharge of such debts and accounts, and also to submit any difference or dispute between fuel) assignee or assignees, and any person or persons for 'or on account, or by reason or means 01 any matter, cause, or thing, relating to such prisoner or prisoners estate and effects, or to any debt or debts due, or claimed to be due, to or from such prisoner or prisoners, to the final end and determination of arbitrators, to be chosen by the said assignee or assignees, and the

major

Assignees,

with consent of the majority in value of the creditors, may

debts due to the prisoner's ltaie;

and imy fub m t any dif p* rearing t f > arbitration

447

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 38:

major part In value of fdch creditors, and the party or parties With whom they shall hav no diffidence; and to perform th award of such arbitrators; or of any umpire to be chdfen by them, or otherwise to settle and agree the matters in difference or dispute between them, in such manner as the said assignee or sflignees, with such content as aforesaid, shall think fit and can agree; and the same shall be binding to all the creditors of such prisoner or prisoners and every such assignce or assignees is and are hereby indemnified for what they shall fairly do in the premises, in pursuance of this act.

LIX. And whereas, under former a his of this nature, no previfio* was ever made as to what should become of the effete and efftfls of any prisoner or prisoners, fugitive or fugitives, not got in, obtained, or recovered, by any afp.gnee or assignees chose pkrfuant to the directions of the several a his, at the tune of his or their death or deaths, ini tobofe heir or heirs, executors, adminifiranrs, and assigns, refused to act or meddle therein; to remedy which, be it efiadted. That irt all such cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for the creditors of every stich prisoner or prisoners, fugitive or fugitives, to chute a new assignee or assignees in manner and form as hereinbefore rs directed, and to obtain a new assignment from the derk of the peace, or his deputy, town derk, or other office idling as clerk of the peace, pursuant to the order of the justices, and which said order the said justices are hereby required and im powered to direct, (on due proof on oath being made to them of the death of such former assignee or assignees, and refusal of his or thrir heirs, executors, administrators, or assigns, to act or meddle therein;,) and the said clerk of the peace, or his deputy, town clerk, or other officer acting as derk of the peace, are hereby empowered to obey the same, sand execute such assignment accordingly, in manner and form as if no former assignment had ever been made; the said assignee or assignees, clerk of the peace, or his deputy, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, hereby conforming to all orders and directions made by this act, relative to them or any of them; and to he liable to all such pains and penalties as are inflicted on them, or any of them, by virtue of this act, for difolvedience in any part thereof, or neglect of duty wlurtever; and in Case any such assignee or assignees shall die, and his heirs, executors, administrators, or afitgns, shall refute to act, that then, and in such ctfc, it shall be lawful for such justices of the peace to appoint a new assignee or assignees, with the like powers and authorities IS are given by this act; and the said justices fhdl have power, in a summary way, to oblige the heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, of such assignee or assignees, to account and deliver up all such estate and effects as shall remain in his or their hands, to be applied for the purposes of this act.

LX And, to the intent and purpose that the estate and effebls of such prisoner or prisoners as shall be discharged by virtue of this art may be duly and faithfully applied for the benefit of his, her, or their real creditors, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid That it

S 3 shall

If assignees die before the eftefts of the prisoners are got in, and their heirs,

C refuse to act, other assignees to be appointed,

and creditors to obtain a new assignment from the clerk of the peace, which the justices are to direct. Clerk of the peace to obey tneolder, as it no assign' mtnr haddocn luoae.

A (Tig nee t complained against for intufhciency, fraud, misbehaviour

the coijrt thereupon is to summon

think fit.

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 38. [1776.

hah and may be lawful to artd for the respective courts at Westminster* and the courts of great sessions in Wales and the principality of Ckejier, and the Counties palatine of Lancaster and Durham, respectively, from whence any process issued upon management, which any such prisoner or prisoners was or Were committed; or other mif or where the process issued out of any other court, to and for the judges of the court of king's bench, common pleas, and exchequer, or of great sessions aforesaid, within their respective jurisdictions, or any one of them, from time to time/upon the petition of any such prisoner, or thp creditor or creditors of such prisoner or prisoners, complaining of any insufficiency, fraud, mi (management, or other misbehaviour of any assignee or assignees of the estate or effects of any such prisoner or prisoners, to summon all parties concerned, and, upon hearing the parties concerned therein, to make and give such orders and directions therein, either for the removal or displacing such assignee or and make such affisnecs* and appointing any new assignee or assignees, in the orders therein place or stead of such assignee or assignees so to be removed or they shall displaced, or for the prudent, just, or equitable management or distribution of the estate and effecte of any such prisoner for the benefit of the respective creditors, as the said courts or judges respectively shall think fit 5 and in case of the removal or displacing of any assignee or assignees, and the appointing of any new assignee or assignees, the estate or ieffects of such prisoner or prisoners foal), from thenceforth, be diverted put of the assignee or assignees so removed or displaced and be verted in, and delivered over to, such new assignee or assignees, in the same manner, and for the same intents and purposes, as the same were, before vested in the assignee or assignees first chose as aforesaid; anything ip this a contained to the contrary i)qt withstanding.

LXI. Provided always, and bp it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases where mutual credit hath been given between any prisoner or prisoners who shall be discharged in pursuance of this act, and any other person or persons, or body politic or corporate, before the delivery of such schedule or inventory of the estate and effects of such prisoner or prisoners, upon oath as aforesaid, the respective assignee and assignees of such prisoner or prisoners is and are hereby authorised and required, on his ant) their parfs, to state and allow an account between them and the other party or parties concerned; and nothing more shall be deemed to be vested in such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, or such assignee or assignees under such clerk of the peace, town jelerk, or other officer affiqg as clerk of the peace, as the estate pr effects of such prisoner or prisoners, than what foall appear to be justly due to him, her, or them respectively, as and for the balance of such account, when truly stated.

LXII. And whereas many persons are often committed on attach merits for contempts, for not paying money awarded to be paid under

Wheye mutual credit has been given, the balance to be It a red and allowed.

Person committed for not paying money

swiivietl uq submij/ions to arbitrators by rules of o, r unfar submijfios ty

i '

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 38- 249

arbitration bonds, and which submissions have been made rules of courts der submif in pursuance of an ay passed in the ninth and tenth years of the reign taarbi of William the Thirds for determining differences by arbitration; tration > and liieujije for not paying of cojls duly and regularly taxed and and for not allowed by the proper officer, after proper demands made for that paying cotts, purpose; and also upon any writ 0/excommunicato Capiendo, or other process fory or grounded on, the nonpayment of cojls or expenses in any cause or proceeding in any eulefajlical court, or for any contempt to such court, it is hereby declared and enacted, That all are entitled to such persons are and shall be entitled to the benefit of this act, the benefit of on being subject to the same terms and conditions as are herein th "expressed and declared with respect to prisoners for debt only.

LXIII. And whereas great numbers of poor people hove been and are now imprisoned for debt, upon proceffey issuing out of courts f/*prisoners up conscience; it is hereby enacted and declared, That all such prion proccf* P" foners shall be entitled to have the benefit of this act, and be out of courts discharged under the same, provided hef (he, or they, conform of conference, to the directions herein before prescribed, touching other pri {^cfivofuii* foners wjio shall be dischargedby virtue of this act. an

LXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases wherein by this act an oath is required, the Quaker's af solemn affirmation of any person, being a quaker, shall and may firmation to be accepted and taken in lieu thereof; and every person make j?c taisen m ing such affirmation, who shall be convicted of wilful and false aa affirming, shall incar and suffer such and the same penalties as are infilled and imposed by this act upon persons convicted of y wilful and corrupt perjury.

LXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person who ^iall have taken the Persons who benefit of any act heretofore passed for the relief of insolvent have taken the debtors, within the space of eight years last past, shall have or ot receive any benefit or advantage of or under this act, nor deemed to be within the intent and meaning thereof, so as to years, ex be discharged under the same; any thine herein before contain eluded trooi ed to the contrary notwithstanding; unless such person shall be this act: willing to serve, and shall ^ftually enter himself to serve, on Exception, board some one of his majesty's ships of war, for the term of iieven years, or shall enlist as a soldier in some of his Majesty's land forces.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That when any prisoner, vpho may have taken the benefit of*any insolvent aft within the Prisoners who fpzqt of eight years last past, shall under this act apply for his have taken discharge, every such prisoner shall produce to the court (to a^dftiau'a^ which he shall make application for such discharge) a certificate pjy in writing, signed by an officer properly authored to engage or charge under enlist men for his Majesty's sea or land service [as the case may be,] this act, to setting forth that he was on the day of*rour^rcer

insert the date] engaged or enlisted [as the cafi may be] to serve tificate, frgned as a mariner or soldier in his majesty's sea or land service, by a proper which certificate shall be attested by one or more credible wit officer set nfs or witnesses; and in case such certificate shall not be pro l>ng forth that

s4 duced, they ate, n'

*5°

lifted to serve Ins Majesty, Ac.

This act not to extend to Scotland.

Clause of relief for bankrupts, who hive not obtained certificate! and discharge of their debts.

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 38. [1776.

duced, or shall not be property authenticated In manner aforesaid, to the satisfaction of the justices before whdish atiy (tach prisoner shall be brought', he mall be remanded back to the prison from whence he came, there to remain till he shall hm fully complied with the directions aforesaid, or shall by Other legal means'sooner obtain his discharge.

LXVII. Provided also, and it is hereby Cnafled, That notwflt in this act contained shall extend to that part of xsrtat Brhdm called Scotland.

LX VIII Jnd whereas bankrupts who have not obtained their certificates and discharge of their debts, under same one of the ofrs relating to bankrupts, have not been deemed to be within the meaning ef efts 0] insolvency, as such bankrupts have no schedules to deliver up according to the terms and conditions of such acts nevertheless, ds many bankrupts are confined in prifion for debt only, though they have already delivered up their Whole estates and effects, or, from a fear Of being arrrfied and thrown into prtfoti, are frequently induced to nbfeotri from their homes, and go into joreign parts: be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such person or persons, against whom a commission of bankruptcy hath been awarded and issued, on or before the twenty second day of January, one thpu sand seven hundred and fevetity six, or who shall have been really an actual prisoner or prisoners, in the custody of any gaoler or gaolers, or keeper of any prison respectively, on or before the twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, and against Whbm & commission of bankruptcy shall have since been awarded and issued, and who hath or have duly conformed, or shall duly conform, him, her, or themselves, to the several acts of parliament relating to bankrupts, and hath not or have not been committed to any prison by a warrant of the of in such commission named, far contumacy or noncompliance to those laws, and who new is cr are in prison for debt, damages, contempt, costs of fuir, or any sum or sums of money due and accrued previous to such commission, or who now are fecrering themselves in fear of their creditors; and shall be hereafter sued, arrested, or held to bail, or shall surrender him, her, or themselves, or be surrendered, in discharge of his, her, or their bail, or taken in execution in any suit or action for any such debt or debts as aforesaid, shall and may apply to any one of the judges of the Court wherein such process or proctfles hath or have issued, to summon his, her, or their plaintiff or plaintiffs, to shew cause why such bankrupt or bankrupts should not be discharged from his, her, or their imprisonment, orarreft as aforesaid, such bankrupt or bankrupts first making oath before such judge, (or if at a distance from such judge, then before a Justice of the peace) who is hereby authorised to administer such oath, that such debt or debts did accrue previous to the issuing such commission; such plaintiff or plaintiffs not appearing, or not proving that such bankrupt or bankrupts hath or have concealed any part of his, her, cr their estare, or effects, or hath or have not duly conformed him, her? dr themselves, to the

1776.] Anno ijeclfnt> fekto geordii 111. C. 5.

tew* stow ki tiro*kgtinft bankrupts, such judge shall and may

discharge such bankrupt or bankrupts from such imprisonment or arrest as aforesaid j such bankrupt or bankrupts, caqfing t common appearance to be entered for htm* her, or then&fwhert neceslkry, in every such suit or action; and if any such bankrupt or bankrupts shall be afterwards again (bed and fcrrested, ot taken in execution, or frftprisoned, in any suit or action for such debt or debts, previous to such commission as aforesaid, any judge of the court wherein such process issued shall, upon fium tnons of the proper party or parties, immediately discharge such bankrupt or bankrupts from such arrest or itaprhonment j never thtless such bankrupt or bankrupts shall, in all other respects, be deemed subject to the laws in force against bankrupts; and every sheriff and sheriffs, bailiff and officer, gaoler and keeper of*prifbft, it and are hereby required, on proper notice being given of such judge's discharge, to release and set free such bankrupt or bankrupts Out of his or their custody, and each and every of ibem is and are hereby indemnified from any action or actions may bfe brought commenced, or prosecuted against him or them, for any escape for or On account thereof.

LXIX. And tubtrtas many bankrupts, having in au respects ftrt&fi conformed themselves to the directions of the bankrupt lotus have, noiunthstanding,been unable to obtain their certificates, and have on that account, bten discours aged from exerting their industry in the pursuit of their fiveral occupations \ either living in the most unhappy and distreffid fitaation at home, or fieking relief in foreign countries, where they can earn and ficure to themselves the profit of an industrious application to bufinefi $ some of whom have carried with them the arts, manufactures, and commerce of this country, to the great prejudice thereof: and whereas some relief given in such parti cular cases, might prevent the evils arising to the public, and be an encouragement for such individuals to follow their different occupations at born; be it enacted, That any person or persons against Whom Clause with a commission of bankruptcy hath been awarded and issued, on respect to or before the twenty second day of January, one thousand seven whohijccon hundred and seventy six, and who hath or have in all things formed them confbrined to the Several acts now in force concerning bank felvestothe rupts, by his, her, or their surrender and submission thereto, bankrupt and who shall not have been committed for any act of contu laws; toacy or nonconformity, yet who hath not or have not gained a total discharge from his, her, or their creditors, of his, her, or their debts, arising or accruing previous ro such commission, for want of their certificate, shall have liberty, after the expiration of twelve calendar months from the day of the date of every such commission respectively, to petition or to apply, by motion of court, to the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commissioners for the time being, setting forth the true circumstance of the case relative to such commission and certificate; and the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords of as aforesaid, shall have power and authority to direct and order the acting

*5< Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 38. [1776.

of in the respective commissions named, to certify to the said lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords of, the conformity or nonconformity of such bankrupt or bankrupts, and such other matter as to them shall seem necessary concerning the same (the said acting of being hereby author Lord chan rifed and required so to do;,) and the lord chancellor, lord cellor, See. keeper, or lords of as aforesaid, shall thereupon auowfoch 10 k*vc Power an authority, if he or they shall fb think fit, to bankrupts diredf and order an advertisement to be inserted in the Leaden certificates, Gazetn, for the allowance of such bankrupt's certificate, al although not though the same shall not appear to have been signed or con four fifths of ente to by four-fifths in number and value of the said bank their credi rupt's creditors, agreeable to the laws now in being,) in the tonne. same manner and form as if the said certificate had been signed

as aforesaid*in case no sufficient cause shall be shewn to the contrary within the time limited by the said advertisement, the said lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords of as aforesaid, shall have power and authority to allow such bankrupt's certificate, in the like manner as if the same had been signed agreeable to the laws now in being, and grant or make such other order thereupon, for the relief and discharge of (tich bankrupt or bankrupts from his, her, or their debts as aforesaid, or otherwise, as to the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords of, shall (eem proper; which certificate, if so allowed, shall be as full and effectual, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had been duly obtained and allowed agreeable to the directions of the several laws now in force concerning bankrupts; any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXX. And whereas the case Thomas Touchet, late man chester, merchant, and now a prisoner in the king's Bench, is attended with very particular, and that the said

Thomas Touchet is lunatic; be it therefore enacted by the Clause in fa authority aforesaid, That although the sum due and owing by vourf T the said Thomas Touchet to one creditor does exceed the sum of merchant.* one thousand pounds, and notwithstanding his said lunacy, he the said Thomas Touchet shall be entitled to all the benefits of this act, in all respects whatsoever, as if the said Thomas Touchet had not owed more than one thousand pounds to one person, and, was not lunatic, anything in this act to the contrary hereof in anywise notwithstanding; and that all acts done or consented to by the committee of his estate and effects shall foe good and valid to all intents and purposes, as if the same were done and consented to by the said Thomas Touchet himself.

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 39; £53

CAP. XXXIX.

An act for repealing a elause in an act, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to explain, amend, and reduce into one act of parliament, the general Jaws now m being for regulating the turnpike roads in that part of Great Britain called England, and for other purposes 5 which relates to the counterfeiting of the tyre of the wheels of all wagons, wains, and other carriages, to be used dn turnpike roads; and for explaining a provision in the said act, with respect to the fellies and tyre of carriages having the fellies of the wheels of the gauge of six inches or upwards.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by a elause in an act of parliament, made in the thirteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, (entitled. An A elause, in act to explain, amend and reduce into one act of parliament. Act 13 Geo. 3. the general laws now in being foj regulating the turnpike roads rcc*ted, in that part of (Jreat Britain called England, and for other purposes 5) it is enabled, That the tyre of the wheel of all waggonsy wains, carts, and other carriages, to be used on any turnpike road,

shall be counter sunk, by placing the same upon the fellies in such manner that the nails shall not rise above the furjace, and that the foie or surface of the wheels shall be quite flat 5 and that the owner of every carriage offending therein shall forfeit the sum of forty shillings; and every driver, not being the owner, the sum of twenty shillings, for every offence; which provisions are attended with great inconvenience; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said elause shall be, and and repealed, the same is hereby repealed.

II. And whereas by the said act it is provided, That no person or persons shall be allowed to take the benefit of certain exceptions in the said act mentioned, or have the power of compounding for tolls, in respect of carriages having the fellies of the wheels thereof of the breadth or gauge of six inches, or upwards, unless the fellies, and the tyre upon such fellies, shall lie flat: and whereas doubts may arise concerning the confiruftion of the said provision, which, according to thejlrift sense f the words, cannot be complied with: to the end therefore that all persons who shall endeavour to comply with the said provifms may receive the benefit of such exemptions and compositions \ it further enacted A provision in by the authority aforesaid, That all wheels of the breadth or the said act, gauge of six inches, or upwards, the fellies or tyre whereof (hal jy{£# pot deviate more than one inch from a fiat surface, shall be tyre of car deemed and taken to be fiat, according to the true intent and riages, C meaning of the said act. explained.

*54. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 40. [1776.

CAP. XL

An act for obliging the overseers of the poor, within the severed parishes and places within that part of Great Britain carii England, to make returns, upon oath, to certain qu(/lions, specifed in the act, relative to the Jflate of their poor*and to authonfo end require the justices of the peace, within their respective dsvifm and jurisdictions, in the several counties and cities in England and Wales, to take such returns upon oath, and to cause them to bt trartsmitted to the clerk of the parliaments.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the great and encreasing expense of maintaining and providing for the poor, within that part of Great Britain called England, and the continual distrejtes of the poor notwithstanding, make it highly expedient for the Ugijlatvre to 'take that great Subject into their most serious consideration: and whereas information of the state of the poor, and the nature of those expenses, way he necessary to he procured in order to enable the two houses of parliament to judge of proper remedies to redress those grievances; but it is apprehended such injormation cannot be effectually obtained without the aid and authority of parliament; may it therefore pteafe vdur majesty that it may be eniacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the loids spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prvfcm " Printed co parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That

pies of this a sufficient number of printed copies of this act shall, as soon as

transmitted conveniently may be after the passing hereof, be transtmtred, by

by George* George White esquire, one of the clerks of the house of cotn

Whiteesquire, mons, to the'clerks of the peace and town clerks of the several to the clerk and respective counties, ridings, divisions, precindis, fokes, franco Liberties, cities, and counties corporate, m England and

landed Wales; and that the said several clerks of the peace and town Wales, to be clerks shall, and they are hereby required, with all convenient diltnbuted speed, to cause the said act to be distributed amongst the acting

fsices tx justices of the peace within their respective limits; aridalfbto

t*cause a sufficient number of the schedule to this act annexed, to

be printed and ddivered to the high constables, or other proper officers within their respective limits, at the Aftdsummer quarter session of the peace in one thousand fevfen hundred and evertty retums made six; and also to receive the answers and returns made by over by overseers ^ers f the pr Puffuant to the directions tierein after given, mitted'to the an transmit the ^ame to the of the parliaments with all clerk of the convenient speed, in order that the same may be tnfpe^ed by parliaments, the members of both hoqfes of parliament, upon pain of forfeiting, for every neglect and default, a fom Ml exceeding five pounds, nor less than twenty Shillings.

Justice?, be

II. And be it further enacted, That the several justices of the tween the peace, within their respedhvc jurffdidlions in England and Wales, fdhon andp hall, as as conveniently may be after the Midsummer fef cet. xo, 1776 on one ^oufand seven hundred and seventy six, appoint a to appoint a*time and place or times and places, which time or times shall

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 40. 2^55

be on or before the twentieth day of q8obn one thousand seven meeting, and hundred and seventy six, for the overseers of the poor of the gw* notice several parities, townships, ?m.d. places, within their respective jurisdictions, to attend them at such meeting or meetings for the them CC purposes of this a ft, with returns and answers to the questions % in the schedule to this act annexed, and cause notice thereof to be given to such overseers respectively, nd also to the high constables, or where there are no high constables, to such other proper officers who have the execution of precepts from justices of the peace to inferior officers within such respective jurisdictions requiring their attendances at such meetings for the purposes of this act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said justices of the Overseers to peace shall, and they are hereby also required, at such meeting gbe in an or meetings, so to be appointed by them as aforesaid, to receive r and rt and take the answers and returns to be made by the overseers of able togand the poor pursuant to the directions aforesaid, and then and there to take the administer to them respectively the oath contained in the said oath contain schedule; and such justices, if they see cause, may examine such overseers upon oath, touching any of the matters contained inlc u9such questions and answers, and call for the accounts of the overseers of the poor for the preceding year, if they shall see fit,

in order to explain and verify the said accounts as shall be then made; and the said justices shall then deliver such answers and Joftkei to dereturns to the respective high constables or other proper officers vcr the anas aforesaid, in order that the same may be by them transraitted to the clerks of the peace or town clerks, as herein is directed. constables.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the high constables, or he duty of other proper officers fodescribed as aforesaid, within the respect high confta tive jurisdictions aforesaid, shall, at the Midsummer quarter fef Wes in put fions in one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, pursuant f, n*thl ?ft to the directions aforesaid, receive from the said clerks of the*1*011*1014* peace, or town clerks, the said printed schedules, and deliver, or cause to be delivered, one such schedule to one of the overseers of the poor of every parish, township, or place, as well within to % yns corporate as without, within their respective limits; and, when required by the respective justices of the peace as aforesaid, attend the said respective meetings, and then and there receive the several answers and returns made by the overseers of the poor, and endorse upon the back of each of them the name of the hundred, rape, wapentake, lathe, precinct, soke, franchise, liberty, city, or county corporate, wherein the parish, township, or place, therein mentioned, is situate, and transmit the same, together with a true and perfect list of the names of the overseers of the poor of every parish, township, and place, to whom such schedules had been delivered as aforesaid, to the several clerks of the peace, and town clerks, at the then next michael mas quarter sessions of the peace, or the adjournment thereof, which adjournment the justices at such quarter sessions are required to make to same convenient day, within one week after the said twentieth day of October % in cases where such returns

shall

2 56

Penalty for neglect thereof.

Overseers to attend the justices at meetings, and deliver in writing, true answers and returns, 'C

Overseers im powered to take copies of accounts of preceding overseers. Penalty on persons refuting to deliver such accounts.

Fees to be allowed for each return:

To the clerk of the peace, % s. 6d.

High constable, i s. 6d. Overseers, as.

Justices clerks, i s.

Penalties and forfeitures, how to be recove i sd and applied.

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. 0: 40. [1776.

shall not he made at the said Michaelmas quarter sessions, upon pain of forfeiting, for every default or neglect in the matters aforesaid, a sum not exceeding five pounds, nor less than forty shillings.

V. And be it further enacted, That the overseers of the poor of every such parhh, township, and place, shall, and are hereby required to attend the justices of the peace at such meeting or meetings, and then and there deliver to the said justices, in writing signed by them, a just and true answer, and return to the said questions, upon oath, as before directed; and that every overseer making default in any of the matters hereby required, shall, for every such neglect or default, forfeit a sum not exceeding five pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, at the discretion of the justice or justices before whom complaint thereof shall be made: and in order to enable the said overseers to make answers and returns as aforesaid, they are hereby authorised and empowered to call for, inspect, and take copies of, the accounts of the pre ceding overseers, or so much thereof as shall be necessary; and every person or persons, in whose custody or power every such accounts shall be, shall and are hereby required to produce and deliver such accounts to the said overseers, for the purposes aforesaid, upon pain of forfeiting, for every default or neglect in the premifps, a sum not exceeding five pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, at the discretion of the justice or justices before whom complaint theraaf shall be made

VI. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid and allowed, for the trouble and expenses of the several persons employed in the transactions aforesaid, for every return which shall be so made and transmitted to the clerks of the peace and town clerks respectively, pursuant to the directions aforesaid, the Turns following, and no more; videlicet, to the clerk of the peace or town clerk, for the return which shall be made from every such parish, township, and place, the sum of two Shillings and six

Knceto the high constable, or other proper officer, for the; e, the sum of one shilling and sixpence: to the overseers of the poor, for the like, the sum of two Shillings: the clerks of the justices of the peace, for the like, the sum of one filling: and that the justices of the peace, at their respective quarter session, which (halt be held next after Michaelmas, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, shall, and are hereby required to make an order upon their respective treasurers to pay the same out of the rates to be made and collected for the respective counties, ridings, divisions, precincts, fokes, franchises, liberties, cities, and counties corporate.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the several forfeitures and penalties inflicted by this act shall, if not immediately paid, be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by virtue of a warrant under the hand and seal of any justice of the peace having jurisdiction where such offender shall dwell, rendering to the said offender the overplus, if any, after the charge of such distress and fal? ftudl be deducted $ and in case Q fu

V

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 40.' 257

sufficient distress shall not be found, then it shall hie lawful for such justice to commit such offender to the common goal, there to remain, without bail or mainpriz^ for a term not exceeding twelve calendar months, unless the said forfeiture and charges shall be sooner paid; and the said forfeitures when recovered shall be paid and applied, one half to the informer, and the other half to the said respecttive treasurers in aid of the rates'aforesaid; and any person shall be deemed a competent witness for the execution of any of the purposes of this act, notwithstanding his paying, or being liable to pay, to such county rates.

SCHEDULE;

QUESTIONS, to which, by direction of an ar, passed in the ftxuenth year of h is majesty King George the Third, intituled An act for obliging the overseers of the poor, within the several parishesand places. within that part of Great Britain called England, to make returns, upon oath, to certain questions, specified in the a, relative to the state of their poor; and to au -- thorize and require the justices of the peace, within their respective divisions, and jurisdictions, in the several counties and cities in England and Wales, to take such returns upon oath, and to cause them to be transmitted to the clerk of the parliaments; Answers are to be returned by the overseers of the poor of every parish, township, and place, in writing, upon oath, and signed by them; for which purpose the said overseers. to attend the justices of the peace, within their respective jurisdirions, at such times and places as they shall appoint, on pain of forfeiting, for every default or negler, a sum not exceeding five pounds, nor less. forty billings.

ANSWERS returned to thofo questions, by the overseers of the poor of the parish. [township, or extra parochial place, as the case may be] of

in the county [riding, division, cas the case may bej of the day of

one thousand seven hundred and seventy six.

L WHAT

aiuro decfaiq sexto Geomu HI. C 40. [ 177$.

I. hat wm the V mount of the assessments

for the relief of the poor, in the year ending at Eqfttr, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six?

II How much of those aflelt menta was applied for the relief or on account of the poor, and how much for the payment of county rates, or any other purposes; distin guishing a 1 so the amount of what paid for the relit of workhouses, or paid or allowed for habitations for the poor; and, if any of the poor reside in houses built at the expense of the parish, township, or place, state the total annual value of such houses i

III. What number of poor have received constant relief during that year, and what has been the expense thereof, as near as the same can be estimated?

Is there a workhouse in your parish? if so, what number of poor will it accommodate?

THE a&flman* for the relief of th poor, in the year ending at Eefltr, one thousand seven hundred and seventy fut, amounted to £.

There was applied of the money collected under those afleftqents, on account of the poor only,

Ditto for the payment of county rates, or other purposes, the sum of £.

Out of which money applied on account of the poor, there was paid for relit of workhouses, the sum of £.

Out of ditto there was paid or applied for habitations for the poor, the sum of £.

The annual value of houses occupied by poor persons, which are the property of the inhabitants of the said parish, ftownship, r extra parochial place] amounts to £.

The number of poor, who received constant relief in that year, was

The expense of maintaining them, as near as the same can tie estimated, amounted to £.

There is a workhouse, which'will accommodate about persons.

V What

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 41.

V What was expended in litigations about settlements, removals appeals, or other disputes concerning the poor, within that year; drilin guishing how much of such expenses arofc from disputes with parishes, townships, or places, not within the county, riding, division, precinct, soke, franchise, liberty, city, or county corporate, wherein such parish, town ship, or place lay?

There was expended in litigations, about settlements, removals, and other disputes concerning the poor, within that year, as near as the same can be estimated, the Aim of £.

Of which there was expended in disputes with parishes, townships, or places, not within the county, riding, division, soke, franchise, liberty, city, or county corporate, wherein such lay,

the sum of £.

Form of the Oath.

\7 O U hall fxotar, That the answer and return now made by you I to the several questions contained in the fthedule thereunto annexed, is a full and true answer to the said questions, to the hest cf your knowledge and belief.

*59

CAP. XLI.

An act for granting a bounty-upon flax seed', tie growth of the United Provinces, or of the Aufhian Netherlands, imported into Ireland, wa limited time.

WHEREAS, by an act of parliament, made in the fifteenth Preamble, year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An a<sl for allowing A 15 Geo. y the clothing and accoutrements necessary for his majeay's recited, forces, paid out of his majesty's revenues arising in the kingdom of Ireland, to be exported from thence to the places where such forces are ordered to serve, for granting a bounty upon flax seed imported into Ireland, for a limited time,) reciting, That, by virtue of an act of parliament, made in Ireland; the third year of his Majesty's reign, a premium or bounty of five billings per hogshead is allowed and paid out of the revenue of that kingdom upon the imputation of flax Jeed, which bounty was not, at that time, sufficient to answer the good purposes intended thereby, and it was expedient that same further encouragement should be given for. a limited time, to induce the importation of flax seed into Ireland, in order to promote and encourage the linen rrumu/aftures of that kingdom; it is therefore, ornogft other things, enacted by the aid recited act, That, from and after the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sevenly six, for and during the /pace of two years, and from thence to the end of the then next session o f parliament, a further bounty of five f illings per bogjhead shall be allowed for all flax seed imported into the kingdom of Ireland; and that it ball and may be lawful for the ammijfeioners of his Majesty's customs in England, or any four or

q Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 41. [1776.

more of them, to order the aid bounty thereby granted, ft fc paid by the receiver-general of the customs out of any money in bit hands arising by ary of the duties or revenues under their management, to the importer or importers of such flax seed or to his or their assigns dsdy author if d to receive the same upon his or their producing a certificate under the band and seal of office of the colie ft or and comptroller of the customs at the port in Ireland, where such flax seed was imported and landed certifying the number of bogjbeads so landed with the name of the ship and master in which and the place from whence, and by whom and at what time the same was imported and that the bounty gt anted by the before mentioned att of parliament, made in Ireland, Recital of an had been paid and allowed for the same: and whereas by an act of aa of the parliament, made in Ireland in the sixteenth year of his Majesty's freland*" 6 °* rei intituled An act to amend an act passed in the third year Geo. 3/*f his majesty's reign, (entitled. An act for the continuing the encouragement given by former acts of parliament to the flaxen and hempen manufactures) a bounty of five shillings per hog/bead is allow ed* and paid out of the revenue of that kingdom, upon the importation of fax seed of the growth of the United Provinces, or of the Austrian Netherlands, from the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy jix, until the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight Subject to the several clauses regulations and restrictions* contained in the said act of parliament, made in Ireland, in the third year of his Majestfs reign concerning the bounties therein given and provided: and whereas in order to entourage and promote the linen manufactures in Ireland, it is deemed expedient in like manner to extend the bounty granted by the find recited act of parliament made in this kingdom in the fifteen'byear of his Majestfs reign to all flax seed of the growth of the said United Provinces, and of the Austrian Netherlands, imported from thence into Ireland; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may te enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice apd content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflem a bounty of bled, and by the authority of the same, That a bounty of five t s. per bog Shillings per hogshead shall be allowed, for ail flax seed, of the flax - seed of growth of the said United Provinces, or of the Austrian nether the growth of lands which hath been, or shall be, imported from thence into the United the kingdom of Ireland from and after the said first day of Provinces C January oner thousand seven hundred and seventy six, for and irebmdtatier° during the Pace of two years, and from thence to the end of the ia, 1., 9tjj6, then next session of parliament; and it shall and may be lawful for two for the of of his majesty's customs in England or

hari any four or more of them, to order the said bounty, granted by

this act, to be paid by the receiver-general of the customs out of any money in his hands, arising by any of the duties or revenues under their management, to the importer or importers of such flax seed, or to hi or their assigns, duly authorised to receive the same, upon his or their producing a certificate under the hands and seal of office, of the collector and comptroller of the customs at the port in Ireland, where such flax seed was imported

)i(*by foozle

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 42.

CD and landed, certifying the number of hogsheads so landed, with the name of the hip and matter in which, and the place from whence, and by whom, and at what time, the same was imported, and that the bounty granted by the before mentioned act of parliament, made in Ireland, in the fifteenth year of his majesty's reign, had been paid and allowed for the same.

CAP. XLII.

An act for allowing com grain and flour, imported into the port of Preston, to be landed without payment of the duties, under the like reflriftiom as corn, grain and flour is allowed to be landed at the several ports mentioned in an a If, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty intituled An act to regulate the importation and exportation of corn.

WHEREAS by an act, made in the thirteenth year of ^>ream^e# reign of his present Majesty (entitled An act to regulate aa i*gc0, the importation and exportation of corn) it is enabled That in rccuca# case any wheat or wheat flour, rye, peas beans, barley beer bigg* or oats shall be imported into any or either of the ports in the said all particularly mentioned, at any time when the duties not repealed by the said all shall be due and payable for such species of corn, grain or flour respectively; the same, upon due entry thereof may be forthwith Undid from on board the slip or vessel in which such species of corn grain or flour shall be so imported in the presence of the proper officer or officers of the customs without payment of the said duties, under certain restrictions and regulations, in the said act mentioned and pre.

Jcribed: and whereas it is expedient that corny grain y and flour, imported into the port of Preston at any time when the duties not repealed by the said act shall be due and payable for such species of corn, grain or flour respectively, should in like manrter be landed without payment of the said duties; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's mod: excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That in The said ab case any wheat or wheat flour, rye, peas, beans, barley, beer, extended bigg, or oats, shall be imported into the said port of Preston at with any time when the duties not repealed by the said act shall be respect to due and payable for such species of corn, grain, or flour respectp rung lively; the same, upon due entry thereof, may be forthwith heat rye landed from on board the ship or vessel in which such species of com, grain, or flour, shall be so imported, in the presence of the

Eroper officer or officers of the customs, without payment of the tid duties; and such corn, grain, and flour, shall be subject and liable to be warehoused, and to be delivered in the same manner, and under and subject to the like securities, conditions, regulations, and restrictions, as corn, grain, and flour, imported into any or either of the several ports mentioned in the said act are subject and liable to, as fully and effectually to all intents tffl) purpofo. a? if the said port of Preston had been included in

---

262 Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 43. [1776.

the said act; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. XLIII.

An act to authorise, for a limited time, the punishment by hard labour of offenders who, for certain crimes, are or shall become liable to be transported to any of his Majesty's colonies and plantations.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the transportation of convicts to his Majesty's colonies and plantations in America, now in use within that part of Great Britain called England, by virtue of the several Statutes authorising such transportation, is found to be attended with various inconveniences, particularly by depriving this kingdom of many subjects whose labour might be useful to the community, and who, by proper care and correction, might be reclaimed from their evil courses: whereas, until some other more effectual provisions, in the place of transportation to his Majesty's Colonies and plantations in America, can be framed, such convicts, being males, might be employed with benefit to the public in raising sand, soil, and gravel from, and cleansing the river Thames; or being males unfit for so severe a labour, or being females, might be kept to hard labour of another kind within England; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[Any male, convicted in England of any crime punishable by transportation to America, may, instead thereof, be kept to hard labour in cleansing the river Thames, &c. for any term not less than three nor more than ten years.]

That, from and after the passing of this act, where any male person shall, at any session of oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, or at any quarter or other general session of the peace, for any county, riding, division, city, liberty, borough, town, or place, within that part of Great Britain called England, be lawfully convicted of grand or petit larceny, or any other crime for which he shall be liable by law to a sentence of transportation to any of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America, it shall and may be lawful for the court before whom any such person shall be so convicted, or any court held for the same place with like authority, if such court shall think fit, in the place of such punishment by transportation, to order and adjudge that such person shall be punished by being kept to hard labour in the raising sand, soil, and gravel from, and cleansing the river Thames, or any other service for the benefit of the navigation of the said river, under the management and direction of an overseer or overseers, to be appointed by the justices of the peace for the county of Middlesex, at their quarter or other general sessions of the peace, for the same term of years as the transportation for the said offence might by law have been adjudged, or for such shorter term as such court shall think fit to order and adjudge; provided that the same shall in no case be less than three years, or more than ten years.

[In case his Majesty should extend his mercy to any male]

II. And be it further enacted, That where any male person shall, at any session of oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, or at any quarter or other general session of the peace for any county,

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 43. 263

[convicted of any felony for which he is liable to suffer death, the judge may order the offender to be kept to hard labour, for the time specified by the secretary of state.]

riding, division, city, liberty, borough, town, or place, within that part of Great Britain called England, be lawfully convicted of any robbery, or other felony, for which he shall by law be liable to suffer death without benefit of clergy, and his Majesty shall be graciously pleased to extend the royal mercy to any such offender, upon condition of being kept to hard labour for the term of ten years, or any other shorter time to be specified, in the custody of such overseer or overseers as aforesaid; and such intention of mercy shall be notified in writing by one of his specified Majesty's principal secretaries of state to the judge or justice of of oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, in any county, city, or place, before whom any such offender shall be convicted or condemned, it shall and may be lawful for every such judge or justice of oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, to make an order for allowing forthwith to every such offender the benefit of a conditional pardon, in the same manner as if there was a pardon under the great seal; and may and shall adjudge, that every such offender shall be kept to hard labour, in the custody of such overseer or overseers as aforesaid, for the time specified in the notification from such secretary of state.

[When any offender shall be ordered to hard labour, the clerk of the assize, &c. shall give a certificate to tge sheriff or gaoler,]

III. And be it further enacted, That when any offender shall be ordered to be kept to hard labour, in manner aforesaid, or as herein after is directed, the clerk of the assize, clerk of the peace, or other clerk of the court by which such order shall be made, shall give to the sheriff, or gaoler, having the custody of such offender, a certificate in writing, under his hand, containing an account of the christian name, surname, and age of such offender; of his offence, of the court before whom he was convicted, and of the term for which he shall be so ordered to hard labour; and the sheriff, or gaoler, having the custody of such offender, shall, with all convenient speed, after the making of any such order, and receiving of such certificate, convey such offender, or cause him to be conveyed to such place within England;

[who shall deliver such offender and certificate to the overseer, &c.]

and also deliver such offender, or cause him to be delivered, together with the said certificate to such overseer or overseers as aforesaid; and the overseer or overseers, to whom any such offender shall be so delivered, shall give a proper receipt in writing under his or their hand or hands, which shall be a sufficient discharge to the sheriff, or gaoler, so delivering such offender.

[Expences incurred in conveyance of offenders to be paid by the county, &c.]

IV. And be it further enacted, That all expenses incurred by any sheriff or gaoler, in the conveyance of any such offender as aforesaid, shall be paid by the county, riding, division, city, liberty, borough, town, or place, for which the court, ordering such punishment by hard labour instead of transportation to America, shall be held; and the sheriff or gaoler, shall receive the money due for such expenses from the treasurer for such county, riding, division, city, liberty, borough, town, or place, by order of the justices of the peace, at their quarterly, or other general session, who are hereby required to make such order accordingly.

V. And be it further enacted, That after delivery of any

264 Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 43. [1776.

[Overseer to have the same power over offenders in his custody as a sheriff or gaoler.]

such offender, as aforesaid, into the custody to which he shall be adjudged, the overseer or overseers, who shall have the custody of such offender, shall, during the term for which he shall be ordered to hard labour, have the same powers over such offender as are incident to the office of a sheriff or gaoler; and in case of any abuse of the custody, or other misbehaviour in discharge of his office, shall be liable to the same punishment as a gaoler;

[Offenders to be kept to hard labour in raising sand and gravel from the Thames, &c.]

and also shall, during such term as aforesaid, keep such offender to hard labour, either in raising sand, soil, and gravel from, and cleansing the Thames, or in any other laborious service for the benefit of the navigation of the Thames, but at such places only, and subject to such directions, limitations, and restrictions, as the master, wardens, and assistants, of the Trinity House, shall from time to time prescribe.

[Offenders not to be employed in delivering ballast to masters of ships, &c.]

VI. Provided nevertheless, That such offenders shall, in no case, be employed in delivering tonnage of ballast to masters and commanders of ships, but only in digging, raising, and taking up, the gravel, sand, and soil, from the shelves and sand-banks of the said river of Thames, and in discharging the same upon the shore, above the high water mark, or in some other laborious service for the benefit of the navigation of the Thames.

[Offenders to be fed with bread, coarse food, and water or small beer.]

VII. And be it further enacted, That every offender who shall be ordered to hard labour, in the custody of such overseer or overseers as aforesaid, shall, during the time of such service, be fed and sustained with bread, and any coarse or inferior food, and water, or small beer, and also clothed; and such offender shall not, during the term of such service, be permitted to have any other food, drink, or clothing, than such as shall be so allotted to them;

[No person to supply them with any other food &c. on penalty of 40s.]

and if any person shall supply any such offender, at any time during the term of his said service, with any drink, food, or cloathing, other than such as shall be so directed or permitted, he or she so supplying shall, for every such offence, forfeit any sum not exceeding forty shillings.

[Offenders who refuse to work, or otherwise misbehave themselves, may be whipped, &c.]

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any offender, who shall be so delivered as aforesaid to be kept to hard labour, shall, during the term of such service, refuse to perform any labour authorised by this act, or who shall be guilty of any other misbehaviour or disorderly conduct, it shall be lawful for the overseer or overseers having the custody of any such offender to order such whipping, or other moderate punishment, to be inflicted upon him, as may be inflicted by law on persons committed to a house of correction for hard labour.

[Every offender, at the end of his confinement, shall receive a sum of money, no less than 40s nor more than 5l together with decent cloathing.]

IX. And be it further enacted, That every offender who shall be delivered to be kept to hard labour in manner aforesaid, shall, at the end of the term of such service, and upon being restored to his liberty, receive from the overseer or overseers, under whom he shall have so served, such sum of money not being less than forty Shillings, nor more than five pounds, together with such decent clothing, as the court into which such returns shall be made, as herein after mentioned, shall appoint: and if any such offender, whilst confined to hard labour in manner

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 43.

[His Majesty, on the good behaviour of offenders, may shorten the term of their confinement.]

aforesaid, shall, by his industry and other good behaviour, shew such signs of reformation, as shall induce the said court to recommend him as an object of his Majesty's mercy, and it shall be thereupon signified, by a letter from one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state to the overseer or overseers as aforesaid, that his Majesty thinks fit, in consideration of such good behaviour, to shorten the duration of such offender's term, such offender shall be accordingly set at liberty at the time mentioned in such letter; and shall receive a sum of money from his overseer or overseers, together with clothing, in the same manner as if he had served the whole of the term for which he was adjudged to serve.

[Any person, convicted of any crime punishable by transportation, may be sent to some place of confinement within the county, &c. and there kept to hard labour for not less than three years, nor more than ten years.]

X. And be it further enacted, That where any person shall, at any session of oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, or at any quarter or other general session of the peace for any county, riding, division, city, liberty, borough, town, or place, within that part of Great Britain called England, be lawfully convicted of grand or petty larceny, or any other crime, for which he or she shall be liable by law to transportation to any of his Majesty's colonies in America, it shall be lawful for the court, in which any such offender shall be so convicted, or any court held for the same place, and with like authority, if such court shall think fit, in the place of such punishment by transportation, to order and adjudge that such person shall be sent to some proper place of confinement within the said county, riding, division, city, liberty, borough, town, or place, to be appointed for that purpose in manner herein after mentioned, there to be kept to hard labour, for such term or number of years as such court shall appoint, not exceeding the term or number of years for which the transportation for the said offence might have been adjudged: provided, That the same shall in no case be less than three years, or more than ten years.

[In case his Majesty should extend his mercy to any person guilty of any felony punishable by death, the judge may order the offender to be kept to hard labour, for the time specified by the secretary of state.]

XI. And be it further enacted, That where any person shall, at any session of oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, or at any quarter, or other general session of the peace, for any county, riding, division, city, liberty, borough, town, or place, within that part of Great Britain called England, be lawfully convicted of any felony of any robbery, or other felony, for which he or she shall by law be liable to suffer death without benefit of clergy, and his Majesty shall be graciously pleased to extend the royal mercy to any such offender, upon condition of being kept to hard labour at the place of confinement to be appointed for that purpose in manner herein after mentioned, and such intention of mercy shall be notified in writing, by one of his majesty's principal secretaries of state, to the judge or justice of oyer and terminer or general gaol delivery, in any county, city, or place, before whom such offender shall be convicted or condemned; it shall and may be lawful for every such judge or justice of oyer and terminer, or general gaol delivery, to make an order for allowing forthwith to every such offender the benefit of a conditional pardon, in the same manner as if there was a conditional pardon

266 Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 43. [1776.

under the great seal, and may and shall adjudge that every such offender shall be kept to hard labour for the time specified in the notification from such secretary of state.

[When any offender shall be ordered to hard labour, the clerk of assize, &c. shall give a certificate to the sheriff or gaoler,]

XII. And be it further enacted, That when any offender shall be ordered to be kept to hard labour in manner aforesaid, the clerk of assize, clerk of the peace, or other clerk of the court by which such order shall be made, shall give to the sheriff or gaoler, having the custody of such offender, a certificate in writing under his hand, containing an account of the christian name, surname, and age of such offender, of his or her offence, of the court before whom he or she was convicted, and of the term for which he or she shall be ordered to hard labour;

[who shall deliver such prisoner, &c. to the keeper of the proper house of correction;]

and the sheriff or gaoler shall, with all convenient speed after the making of any such order, and receiving of such certificate, convey such offender, or cause him or her to be conveyed, to the proper house of correction and deliver such offender, or cause him or her to be delivered, together with the said certificate, into the custody of the master or keeper of such house of correction;

[who shall give a receipt for the same.]

and the person or persons to whom such offender shall be so delivered, shall give a proper receipt in writing, under his or their hand or hands, which shall be a sufficient discharge to the sheriff, gaoler, or other person, so delivering any such offender;

[Expenses of conveyance to be paid by the county, &c.]

and all expences incurred by any sheriff or gaoler, in the conveyance of any such offender to the house of correction in manner aforesaid, shall be paid by the county, riding, division, city, liberty, borough, town, or place, for which the court ordering such punishment by hard labour shall be held, in the same manner as is herein before directed in respect to offenders ordered to hard labour in removing sand, soil, and gravel from, and cleansing the river Thames.

[Justices for every county, &c. in England to prepare their houses of correction for reception of offenders;]

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the justices of the peace for every county, riding, division, city, liberty, borough, town, and place, within that part of Great Britain called England, shall, at the first quarter or other general session of the peace, which shall be held next after the passing of this act, take into consideration the state of their respective houses of correction, in order that proper places within the same, or elsewhere, within each respective county, riding, division, city, liberty, borough, town, and place, may be prepared for the reception of such offenders as shall be ordered to hard labour therein, by force of this act, and for the purposes aforesaid;

[and to give directions for their government, and keeping them to hard labour.]

and for keeping such offenders to hard labour, and for their employment, regulation, and government, shall give such directions, and make such orders, as such justices shall think most fit and proper, and they are authorised to give or make by the laws now in force in respect to houses of correction, or by any of them: and the keeper of the place of confinement so appointed and prepared shall, in case of any abuse of the custody, or other misbehaviour in discharge of his office, be liable to the same punishment as a gaoler.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 43. 267

[Penalty on persons rescuing offenders ordered to hard labour;]

rescue any offender, who by force of this act shall be ordered to hard labour, in removing sand, soil, and gravel from, and cleansing the river Thames, or in any place of confinement appointed by virtue of this act, either in his or her conveyance to the place appointed for such hard labour, or whilst such offender under this act shall be in the custody of the person or persons appointed for that purpose; or if any person shall be aiding or assisting in any such rescue; every such person shall be liable to the like punishment that is inflicted for breach of prison in cases of felony:

[or assisting in an attempt to make an escape, &c.]

and if any person, not having the actual custody of any such offender, shall be aiding and assisting in any escape, or shall by supplying arms, or instruments of disguise or escape, or otherwise in any manner be aiding and assisting in the attempt to make any such escape, though no such escape shall be made, every such person shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds; which said penalty of twenty pounds shall be recoverable in any of his majesty's courts of record, by any person or persons who shall sue for the same, by bill, plaint, action of debt, information, or otherwise, wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of law, shall be allowed.

[Penalty on persons ordered to hard labour who shall escape from confinement, &c.]

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any person who shall be ordered to hard labour under this act, either in removing sand, soil, and gravel from, and cleansing the river Thames, or at any place of confinement appointed by virtue of this act, shall, at any time during the term for which he or she shall be so ordered to hard labour, break prison, or escape from the place of his or her confinement, or from the person or persons having the lawful custody of such offender, he or she so breaking prison or escaping, shall on conviction, for the first escape, be punished by doubling the term of the service and hard labour in which he or she was at the time of such escape; and on conviction for a second escape, be adjudged guilty of felony without benefit of clergy, and suffer death accordingly.

XVI. And, to the intent that such conviction or convictions may be had with as little trouble and expense as possible, be it further enacted,

[Method of trial and conviction of offenders for making escape.]

That every offender or offenders, escaping in manner aforesaid, may and shall be tried before the justices of assize, oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, for the county, city, or liberty, where he, she, or they, shall be apprehended and taken; and that the clerk of the assize and clerk of the peace, where such orders of confinement or hard labour shall respectively be made, and their successors for the time being, shall, at the request of the prosecutor, or any other in his majesty's behalf, certify a transcript briefly and in few words, containing the effect of every indictment and conviction of such man or woman, and of the order made for his or her confinement, or being sent to hard labour respectively, to the justices of assize, oyer and terminer, and gaol delivery, where such man or woman shall be indicted for any such escape from his or her place of confinement or of hard labour respectively, (not taking, for the same, above the sum of two shillings and sixpence;) which certificate being produced

268 Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 43. [1776.

in court, shall be a sufficient proof that such person or persons have before been convicted and ordered to such place of confinement or hard labour respectively.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

[Clerk of assize, &c. to be paid by the treasurer of the county, &c.]

That such clerk of the assize, clerk of the peace, or other clerk of the court, and the sheriff or gaoler, shall paid by the treasurer of the county, riding, division, city, liberty, borough, town, or place, the like satisfaction as hath been usually paid for the order of transportation of any offender.

[Offenders confined by virtue of this act, to be kept separate, &c.]

XVIII. Provided always, That the offender or offenders which shall be sent to, and shall by virtue of this act, be directed to be confined in, such places to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be kept separate from, and shall not be permitted or suffered to intermix with, any person or persons confined for any offence under the degree of petit larceny, or other crime not making the person or persons having committed the same, by the laws of this realm, subject to a sentence of transportation.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

[Overseers of the places of confinement appointed by this act to make returns, on oath, of the names of the persons, &c. committed to their custody.]

That the overseers of the several places of confinement to be appointed by virtue of this act, shall, from time to time, make returns, specifying the names of all and every the person or persons who shall be committed to their custody, the offences of which they shall have been guilty, the court before which each person was convicted, the sentence of the court, the age, bodily state, and behaviour of every such convict while in custody; and also the names of all and every the person or persons who shall have died under such custody or shall have escaped from such place of confinement, or shall have been released from thence by order from one of his majesty's principal secretaries of state;

[When, and to whom, the returns to be made.]

such returns from the overseers of the convicts to be employed in laborious service for the benefit of the navigation of the Thames, to be made the first day of every term, to his Majesty's court of King's Bench at Westminster; and from the overseers of the other places of confinement to be appointed by virtue of this act, to the justices of assize at each assize, and to the justices of the peace at each quarter or other general sessions of the peace, for the county, city, riding, division, or place, within which such place of confinement shall be situate; and that every such return shall be verified on the oath of the person making the same; such oath to be made before the court into which such return shall be delivered.

[Penalties of this act, how to be recovered and applied.]

XX. And be it further enacted, That any pecuniary penalties created by this act, for the recovery of which no mode is herein-before prescribed, shall be recoverable before two or more justices of the peace, in the county, riding, division, city, liberty, borough, town, or place, in which the offence shall be committed, on proof of the offence, by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or on confession of the offender, and shall belong to the informer or informers prosecuting for the same; and in case of nonpayment, shall be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 44. 269

the hands and seals of such justices; and the overplus of the money raised, after deducting the penalty, and the expenses of the distress and sale, shall be rendered to the owner; and for want of sufficient distress, the offender shall be sent by such justices to the prison of such county, riding, division, city, borough, town, or place, for such term, not exceeding six months, as such justices shall think most proper.

[Persons prosecuted under this act, may plead the general issue.]

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any suit or action shall be prosecuted against any person or persons for anything done in pursuance of this act, such person or persons may plead the general issue, and give this act, or the special matter, in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done by the authority of this act; and if a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their action or actions after issue joined; or if on demurrer, or otherwise, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs,

[Treble costs.]

the defendant or defendants shall recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as any defendants have by law in other cases; and though a verdict shall be given to any plaintiff in any such action or suit as aforesaid, such plaintiff shall not have costs against the defendant, unless the judge, before whom the trial shall be, shall certify his approbation of the verdict.

[Limitation of actions.]

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all actions, suits, and prosecutions, to be commenced against the person or persons for anything done in pursuance of this act, shall be laid and tried in the county, or place, where the was committed, and shall be commenced within six months after the committed, and not otherwise.

[Continuance of this act.]

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue to be in force for two years, and also to the end of the then session; or if the said term of two years shall not determine during any session, then till the end of the then next ensuing session of parliament.

CAP. XLIV.

An act for suspending, for a limited time, so much of an act made in the thirteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to explain, amend, and reduce into one act of parliament, the general laws now in being for regulating the turnpike roads in that part of Great Britain called England, and for other purposes, as is to subject carriages having the fellies of the wheels thereof of less breadth or gauge than six inches, to the payment of double tolls; and for vacating contracts for leasing tolls.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act, made in the thirteenth year of his present Majesty's reign

[Act 13 Geo. 3. recited.]

intituled An act to explain, amend, and reduce into one act of parliament, the general laws now in recited, being for regulating the turnpike roads in that part of Great Britain called England, and for other purposes, it is enacted, That, from and after the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand

270 Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 45. [1776.

seven hundred and seventy six, a double toll shall be paid for the passage through turnpike gates, of all carriages having the fellies of the wheels thereof of less breadth or gauge than six inches from side to side: and whereas great inconveniences would arise if the said provision should take effect on the said twenty-ninth day of September; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[Part of the said recited act suspended for two years.]

---

That so much of the said act, as ena&s that the a^suspended tru^ccs appointed by virtue or under the authority of any a of for two parliament made for repairing or amending turnpike roads, or years. such person or persons as are authorised by them, shall and may and are thereby required to demand and take for every wagon, wain, cart, or carnage, having the fellies of the wheels thereof of lets breadth or gauge than six inches from side to side, at the lead, at the bottom or foie thereof, and for the horses or beasts of draught drawing the lame, from and after the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, double the tolls or duties which are or shall be payable for the same respectively, by any act or acts of parliament made for amending or repairing turnpike roads, before any such wagon, wain, cart, or carriage respectively, shall be permitted to pass through any turnpike gate or gates, bar or bars, where tolls shall be payable by virtue of any such acts, shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be, suspended until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and: fovea ty eight.

teffees of

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho r^leased^t'roin flx^ a^c>rc^a^> That it shall and may be lawful for such trustees, their contradsathey are hereby required to release all lessees of tolls within at the end of their respective jurisdictions from their respective contracts, at the current the end of the current year, if such lessees shall desire the ear f^me.

CAP. XLV.

An act for enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of one million, for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

Credit of loan granted to bit Majesty for 1,000,000l Treasury may raise the same by loans or exchequer bills, in like manner as i prescribed, by the malt ad of this session, concerning loans, See. The clauses, C in the said act relating to loans or exchequer bills, (exception) extended ro the loans, C to be made in pursuance of this act. Principal and interest, with charges, to be paid out of the next supplies, and if none Sufficient be granted before July 5, 1777, then to be paid out of the sinking fund; and the moneys so issued to be replaced out of the first supplies The bank empowered to advance on the said credit of loan, any sums npt exceeding i, oooo4ooool.

1776. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 46* 47.7*

CAP. XLVI.

An act to enable the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury to order and allow, cut of the money arising by the coinage duty, a certain sum therein mentioned, for the expense of prosecuting offenders against the laws relating to the coin, over and above the sum yearly allowed for that purpose,

[Preamble.]

by an act, made in the fifteenth' year of the

reign of his majesty King George the Second,

[act 15 Geo. 5. recited.]

(entitled, An act for the more effectual preventing the counterfeiting of the current coin of this kingdom, and the uttering or paying of false or counterfeit coin,) it is, amongst other things enacted, That the lord high treasurer, or lords of of the treasury for the time being, Jhatt and may order and allow, out of the money arising by the coinage duty, such sum of money, for defraying the expenses of prosecuting' offenders against thhaws relating to the coin, as he or thef ball see fit, provided that the said expences do not, in any one year exceed the sum of six hundred pounds: and whereas the expences necessarily incurred in prosecuting such offenders, during the course of the years one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, one thousand seven hundred and seventy three, and one thousand seven hundred and fevmty four, amounted to the sum of one thousand one hundred and fifty-two pounds and eight pence halfpenny, over and above the sum of six hundred pounds allowed in each of thofey ears for that feruice; and as the law now fiands, the said sum of one thousand one hundred and fifty-two pounds and eight pence halfpenny cannot be brought to account; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the of of his 1, 1511.01. Sd majesty's rreasury now, or for the time being, or any three or halfpenny ex more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being shall and may, out of the money arising by the coinage duty, order and defraying ex allow such further sum, not exceeding one thousand one hun pences or pro dred and fifty-two pounds and eight pence halfpenny, for the fccutioni re expenses of the said prosecutions, during the course of the said iovnfdiubig years one thousand seven hundred and seventytwo, one thou the year 5 ftnd seven hundred and seventy three, and one thousand seven 177*, 1771, hundred and seventy four, over and above the said six hundred and774* pounds limited yearly; the said recited act, or any other law, Statute, provision, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XLVII.

An act sir the further encouragement of the whale fishery carried on' from Great Britain and Ireland, and the British dominions in Europe; and for regulating the fees to be taken by the officers of the customs in the island of Newfoundland.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for the encouragement of the 15 Geo. 3. a fiftwricsrec, ted

272 Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 47. [1776.

fisheries carried on from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British dominions in Europe, and for securing the return of the fishermen, sailors, and others employed in the said fisheries, to the pons thereof, at the end of the filing season certain bounties were granted to induce his Majestfs European subjects to carry on the whale fishery inr the gulf of Saint Lawrence, or on the coast of Labrador, Newfoundland, or in any seat to the southward of the Greenland seas, and davis's Straights: and whereas a valuable whale fishery has been lately discovered in the seas to the southward of the latitude of forty four degrees north; for carrying on which it is necessary that the ships to be employed therein should be fitted out at a different season of the year from that mentioned in the said in tart recited act, and it is just and expedient that the like bounties should be granted to Ships so fitted out and employed in such fishery: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au 5?rjr^bcthor^y same That the several bounties hereafter Mentioned

shall be allowed annually for eleven years, for five vessels which shall be employed in the said fishery in the seas to the southward of the latitude of forty-four degrees north, under the limitations and restrictions herein after expressed; (that is to say) such vessels shall appear by their register to be British built and owned by his majesty's subjects residing in Great Britain or Ireland, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Man, and navigated with three fourths of his majesty's subjects of Great Britain or Ireland, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Man, betides the mailer, and shall be fitted and cleared out from some port in Great Britain or Ireland, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey > Many after the first day of August and before the first day of November, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, and between the first day of August and the first day of November in each succeeding year, and shall take and kill one whale at the lead in the said seas, to the southward of the said latitude of forty four degrees north, and shall return, before the first day of August next following in each year, to some port in England, with the oil of such whale or whales so taken as aforesaid; and on the master and mate of such vessel, and two of the mariners belonging to her, making oath before the collector and comptroller of the customs at the port of her arrival, (which oath they are hereby authorised and required to administer) that such oil is the produce of one or more whale or whales taken and killed by the crew then belonging to such vessel, mentioning the time when (he departed from Great Britain or Ireland, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Many and from what port, and the time and place where such whale or whales was or were taken and kilied, such oil may be landed without payment of any duty whatsoever; and the collector and comptroller of such port shall thereupon forthwith transmit such oath to the of of his majesty's customs at London, any four or more of whom are o here

allowed, for II year?, to vessels fitted out from Great Britain, C for the whale fishery in the seas southward of lat, degrees north.

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 47. 27$

hereby authorised and required to order the receiver-general of his majesty's customs, to pay out of any money in his hands, arising by any duties under their management; for the vessel which shall so arrive in each year, with the greatest quantity of oil so taken as aforesaid, five hundred pounds; for the vessel which shall in like manner arrive in the same year, with the next greatest quantity of oil To taken as aforesaid, four hundred pounds; for the vessel which shall in like manner arrive in the same year, with the next greatest quantity of oil so taken as aforesaid, three hundred pounds; for the vessel which shall in like manner arrive in the same year, with the next greatest quantity of oil so taken as aforesaid, two hundred pounds; and for the vessel which shall in Jike manner arrive in the same year with the next greatest quantity of oil so taken as aforesaid, one hundred pounds; the said oil so to be imported by each of the said vessels, being the produce of one whale at the least; said several and respective bounties shall be paid by such re, within two months after the expiration of each year in which such vessel shall arrive, to the owner or owners of such vessels so entitled thereto, or their assigns, duly authorised €0 demand the same.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no bounty shall be allowed or paid for No bounty to any ship which, from and after the said first day of August, one he allowed to thousand seven hundred and seventy six, shall be fitted out and pj^ed in that employed in the whale fishery, in pursuance of this act, unless whale fishery, the whole and entire property of such ship or vessel shall belong but on certain, to some of his majesty's subjects residing in that part of his Ma condition, jesty's dominions from whence such ship or vessel shall be respectively fitted, and cleared out, nor to any ship which shall be

so fitted out and employed in the said fishery, in pursuance of this act, or the said recited act made in the last session of parliament, unless such ship shall have on board, an apprentice, indentured for the space of three years at the least, for every fifty tonnes burden of such ship, every such apprentice not exceeding the age of eighteen years, nor being under fourteen, at the time he shall be o indentured; anything in the said recited act, ovin this act, or any custom or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And whereas by an act of parliament, made in the tenth year Act 10 Geo. 3. of his Majestfs reign, it is amongst other things, enacted, That, for recited.

and during the time therein mentioned, (which at hath been since continued and is now in force) the officers of his Majesty's customs^naval officers in the British colonies or plantations in America, shall he deemed to be entitled to, and shall and may lav fully demand and receive, such fees as they and their predeceffiors respectively were and bad been generally and usually accustomed to demand, take and receive, before the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and frxty four and shall have the like remedy for the same, according to the true intent and meaning of an act made in the fifth year of his said majesty % s reign, therein particularly retired and referred

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 48. [1776.

unto; and whereas, the officers of his Majesty's customs now*established in the island of Newfoundland not being able to discover and of certain what fees were taken and received by their predecessors before the said twenty-ninth d jy of September, one thousand seven hundred and six tyfour, doubts have aryen what fees they are entitled to demand and receive, in pursuance of the said in part recited act for remedy whereof be it further enacted by the authority afore feet to be said. That so long as the said recited a St shall be continued and taken by the remain in force, the officers of his majesty's customs in the said cu^oms<iathe anc Newfoundland shall be, and are hereby declared to have Newfound ^ecn entitled to ask, demand, take, and receive, such fees, for

land. all business done by them in the execution of their duty, as were

legally demanded and taken by the like officers of the customs at the port of Hallifax in Nova Scotia, on or before the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, provided the said fees so taken arc not contrary to the express directions of any act of parliament made in Great Britain; and the < laid officers of the customs shall have the like remedy for the same, and be liable to the same forfeitures and disabilitie's for exalting or receiving any greater or other fees than such as are herein before allowed to be taken, as are prescribed and inflict ed in such cases by the said recited acts, or either of them as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the iknao had been again repeated and enacted in this present act.

CAP. XLVIII.

An act for allowing further time for the exportation of, or payment of the duties upon bugles, when warehoused upon importation into this kingdom; to empower the commissioners of the customs to order. all bonds relative to that revenue, upon which no prosecutions have been had for the space of five years, (except bonds for duties, and for the good behaviour of officers in the execution of their duty) to be defirojed \ and for repealing the duties upon feather beds imported into this kingdom \ and for charging the same with the like duties as are payable upon feathers for beds.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act, made in the fifth year of the reign of Act 5 Geo. 3. V y his present Majesty, intituled An act for more effectually recited. supplying the export trade of this kingdom to Africa with such, coarse printed cailicoes and other goods of the product or manufacture of the East Indies, or other places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, as are prohibited to be worn and used in Great Britain for encouraging the importation of bugles into this kingdom, for the better supply of the export trade thereof, and for, discontinuing the bounty payable in Great Britain and all bounties and allowances in Ireland upon the exportation of corn, grain, malt, meal, and flour, from thence to the IJU of Man; it, is (amongst other things) enacted and provided. That if such bugles as shall be imported into this kingdom, and lodged and secured in such warehouse belonging to his Majesty, his heirs, and successiors, as in and by the said recited act is prescribedy shall not be either exported, or the

full

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii II. c. 48. 2/5

duties paid for the same within five years from the importation thereof, hut hall then continue and be JIM remaining in the said ware baufesy in such case it ball and may be lawful for the of of the atftonis for the time being, or any three or more of them, to cause the said bugles, so remaining, to be publicily sold in manner and for the purposes therein preferred; and whereas it has keen usual to expect such bugles from this kingdom to Africa in exchange for negroes, to be carried from thence to the British colonies in America, which trade being much interrupted by the disturbances and rebellion in fevered of those colonies, great quantities of /ueb bugles do now remain warehmfed at several ports in this kingdom and cannot be disposed of witbowt great loss to the proprietors thereof; and it is therefore expedient tp enlarge the time limited by the said recited act for the exportation of such bugles, or paying the duty for the same: may it there fore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, for such of the said bugles as have been imported The aforesaid into this kingdom before the first day of May, one thousand tcrmof£ seven hundred and fevemy*fnc, and lodged and secured in any *0 loyears, warehouse belonging to his Majesty, as in and by the said recited in relation toast is prescribed, and still remain unsold, the said term of five bugles im years shall be extended and enlarged to the term of ten years, p°rted from the importation thereof, any th\ng in the said recited act, in^ware 7*or any other law, custom, or usage, to the contrary in any wise housed, See. notwithstanding.

II. And whereas by an act of parliament, made in the eighth year Act 8 Ann, the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled An act for recited, continuing several impositions, additional impositions, and duties, upon goods imported, to raise money by way of loan, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ten; and for taking off the overfca duty on coals exported in british bottoms; and for better preventing frauds in drawbacks upon certificate goods; and for ascertaining the duties of corans imported m Venetian ships; and to give further time to foreign merchants for exportation of certain foreign goods imported; and to limit a time for prosecutions upon certain bonds given by merchants; and for continuing certain fees of the officers of the customs; to prevent embezzlements by such officers; and for appropriating the moneys granted to her Majesty; and for replacing moneys paid or to be paid for making good any deficiencies on the annuity acts; and for encouragement to raise naval (lores in her majesty's plantations; and to ive further'time for registering debentures as is therein mentioned; it is (amongst other things) enacted That the bonds commonly called plantation bonds, and the securities entered into, in purf&anu of an act, made in the eleventh year of the reign of his late majesty King William the Third, intituled An act for the more effectual om ploying the poor, by the encouraging the manufactures of this kingdom, upon the exportation of wrought silks, and other commodities

tj6 Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c.[^77

in the said act mentioned 5 in case there shall be no prosecution for some breach or nonperformance of the respectivt conditions thereof" within three years after the dates thereof or if upon such prosecutiorr'judgement be not obtained for her Majesty within the space of tw9 years after the prosecution is commenced, then such security shall be void, and all such securhies so made void by that act shall be delivered up, by the respective officers having the same in their keepings to be cancelled, without fee or reward \ and if any officer of his Majestyr revenue having the custody of any bonds so required to be delivered up to be cancelled shall, upon reasonable demand, refuse or neglect to deliver up such bonds according to the purport and meaning of that act, then the officer so offending shall be liable to answer to the party grieved all his damages, together with treble softs of suit: and whereas there are now remaining, in the possession of the officers at fevirat euftom houses in this tlngdm, great number of such bonds an ft aerifies, as well as other bonds and securities token for the due exportation of other goods, and for the due performance of ships voyages, in pursuance of diverse other acts of parliament, which have lain for many years without any prosecution having been commenced thereon; no proof being discovered that the conditions of such bonds have not been duly performed, though no certificate has been produced in discharge thereof \ nor any application made to the officers for delivery thereof bp the parties concerned therein, without which, fvfficient provifm is not made for cancelling or destroying such bonds, though they are useless and of no effect, and are an unneceffaty encumbrance to the offices where they are lodged, and occasion great perplexity and intonventtmi to the several officers in the execution of their duty j for remedy whereof, and to prevent the discouragements which merchants do and may lie under by the faii bonds lying out against them, by reason that the goods may have been vended in foreign parts, from whence no certificate can be produced conformable to the several Statutes requiring the same, although the conditions of the said bonds are or shall have beet performed; be it therefore further enabled by the authority afore after July 5, said. That, from and after the fifth day ot July, one thousand boncf*ataken even hundred and seventy six, all bonds, which slave been or by "any officer, hereafter be taken by any officer, relating to the revenue

'dating to and business of his majesty's customs. upon which no profecu the revenue tien hath been or shall be commenced, for the breach or non on^mcbno*' p^r^ormance f any covenant or condition therein contained prosecution0 Within the space or five years from the date of such bond or oath been or security (except bonds for duties, or other money due to the shall be corn crown, and for the good behaviour of the officers in the execu -- ncedwit. tion Of their duty) shall be void; and it shall and may be law arom the^ate fu fr he of of his majesty's customs in England thereof, and Scotland respectively, or any three or more of them, to order (Exception) and direct the several officers under their management, having shall be void. he custody of such bonds, to cancel and destroy the same in such manner as they shall think proper, any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding

And whereas by the book of rates, annexed to the act of tonnage and poundage, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles

177&i Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 49.

the Stcond> feather beds, 0w new the piece) are "rated at two pounds) thirteen billings, and four pencey and feathers for beds the one one hundred and twelve pounds are rated at six pounds: and whereas, in order to evade the payment of the duties due and payable by law according to the before mentioned rate upon feathers for beds imported from foreign parts attempts have been made fraudulently to bring into this kingdom large quantities of such feathers packed up in old ticking) coarse doth) or other old packages) and to enter the same under the denomination of feather beds, to the great prejudice of the public revenue, and to the detriment of the fair trader: for remedy whereof be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, the before mentioned rate of two pounds, thirteen Shillings, and fourpence, for feather beds old or new, the piece, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed, and the several duties payable upon the importation of such feather beds, according to that rate, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid j and, in lieu and instead thereof, all feather beds, and all feathers which have been heretofore entered under that denomination, drefledor undressed, new or old, which shall be imported into this kingdom in any sort of package whatsoever, shall be liable to and pay the several subsidies, additional duties, and all other imposts and duties whatsoever, to which feathers for beds are and shall be liable, according to the rate before mentioned of six pounds for every one hundred and twelve pounds weight of such feathers; which said subsidies, imposts, and duties, shall be raised, levied, and collected, recovered, paid, and applied, in such manner and form, and by such ways and means, and under the like penalties and forfeitures, and with such discounts, allowances, and drawbacks, as the former duties upon feathers for beds were raised, levied, collected, paid, and applied, and were subject and liable to; and all the powers, penalties, provisions, articles, and clauses, contained in the several acts of parliament which granted or continued the same respectively, shall continue in mil force and effect, and shall be applied, practised, and executed, for the raising, levying, collecting, recovering, paying, and applying, the said subsidies, imposts, and other duties, according to the true intent and meaning of this present act, as fully and eflfedujlly to all intents and purposes, as if the said clauses, powers, and provisions, had been repeated and enacted in the body of this present act.

277

The rate of feather beds, according to the book of rates it Car, t. repealed

and, in lieu thereof, all feather beds, and feathers heretofore en tered under that denomination, which shall be imported into this kingdom, shall be liable to the same duties as feathers for beds, according to the rate before mentioned.

CAP. XLIX.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund, and for applying certain moneys therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy six; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this (efiion of parliament; for giving further relief to the widows of commission and warrant officers of the royal navy; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, and other orders, lost, burnt, or destroyed.

Vk. frf

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 49^ [177&

[Preamble.]

Not exceeding r, 837, 4*! 1. 31. sod. granted out of the fund for the service of the current year 5 to be i(tued by the treasury accordingly. Treasury im powered to raise the said sum, or any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, on the credit of the sinking fund All per ions who shall lend any money upon the credit of this act to have a tally of loan, with orders for repayment of the money, with interest. Orders to be registered in course. No undue preference to be given in payment No see to be taken, on forfeiture of treble damages, with full cotta. Penalty ot undue preference in point of registery or payment. Auditor C neglecting his duty, liable for damages, Sec. to be recovered at west minder. No undue preference in the registering, where orders are brought the same day; nor if subsequent orders are paid before others wot brought in course, so as money be reserved for the preceding orders. Power of alignment, and method of transferring of orders. If it shall be judged more adviseable, the treasury may raise the said sum by exchequer falls indead of loans 3 and the bills in such case to be mads as those prescribed by the malt act of this frifion. AH advantages and penalties in the malt act of this session, relating to loans or exchequer bills thereby authored to be made forth, extended to this act. The said exchequer bills, interest, and charges, are to be paid out of the sinking fund. Bank authorised to lend to his Majesty the sum of 1, 837, 4x81. 3 s. tod. notwithstanding a ft C. 6 Gul. Sc Marise. The sum of 980, 441k 11. id. q. surplus of tb sinking fund in the exchequer on April 5, 1776; and such moneys as shall be paid into the exchequer between April 5, 1776, and April 5, 1777, of the produce of the duties on Gum Senega and Gum Arabics 11, 4441. 4s. 3d. iq. remaining in the exchequer of the duties on rice exported, and apples imported, cambricks and sugars, granted by & Geo. 3. and moneys paid by counties who have not raised militiaj and of the imprefk moneys remaining for the disposition of parliament.19051. 8s. td. for supporting the necessary expenses of forces in America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, and the ceded islands, out of the moneys to be paid into the exchequer on April 5, 1776. 15, 07*1. is tv towards defraying the charge of levy money for the year 1776, out of the savings of grafts in last (eflsosa of parliament. 7, 938b 15 s. towards defraying the charge of augmenting his Majesty's forces, out of the savings of a grant in the last session of parliament. Appropriation of the supplies. The moneys arising by the malt tax, land tax, loans, lottery, vote of credit, and 980, 441). is. id. q. remaining in the exchequer on April 5, 1776, for the disposition of parliament; and such moneys as shall be paid into the exchequer between April 5, 1776, and April 5, 1777, of the produce of the duties on Gum Senega and Gum Arabic and 11, 444l. 4s. 3d. xq. of the moneys on rice exported, and duties on apples imported, and on sugars and cambricks, by act 6 Geo. 3. the monieapaid by counties who have not raised militia; and the impressed moneys remaining for the disposition of parliament and 1, 837, 418l. 38. 10d. by this act granted, out of the excesses, Scc. composing the sinking fund; together with the money arising from the sale of French prizes taken before the declaration ot war; and also such sums of money as his Majesty shall direct to bet applied to the public ferrice, w hi CIV shall arise by the sale of the ceded islands in the West Indies. Not exceeding, 111, 055l. 19 s. 6d. to be issued out of the (applies toward Juaval services Not exceeding 50001. to the royal hospital for seamen at Greenwich, See. 1,000, 0001, towards paying off and discharging the debt of the qavy.49, 655l. 18 s. fid. for the charges of the office ot ordnance;*3, 1711. 11s.1 d. for the charges of the office of ordnance not provided for in 1775. Not exceeding 3, 474, 450b 4*. 4d. 3 ths. towards the land forces; of which 6, 59*001. it. 10d. 7 ths of a penny, for defraying the charges of 10, C efftftive men, Sec. and 3*13 invalids for guards. C In Great Britain, See. 720.517b 38. 5d. 3q for forces and garrifans in Africa; 41, 530 k 19 s. 4d. to make good the difference of pay bet wean the British and uilh establishment of troops fei ving in America; 11, 505 b 7 $, 3d. for general and general staff officers in Great Britain; 89, 063b 14s. for bvy money; 16, 783b 158. id. halfpenny, for five Hanoverian battalions at Gibraltar and Minorca, in the year 1775; not exceeding 4^, 838l.*?9d. for five Hanoverian bsutfuipnft ft Gibraltar, fice, in 17763 47, 400 U

i77-3 Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 50.' 079

it. for a regiment Of highlander 80, 984.1. 13s. id. for Fever al augmentations to his Majesty's forces, See. 381, 8871. 4s. 5d. halfpenny. For 12, 394*.

Hessians, See. .121, 4751. its. 1 d. for 4, 300 Brunswickers, See. 19, 0061. 19s.,

3d. q. for a regiment of foot of Hanau, See. not exceeding 16, 4831. 1 s. od. 3 q. for a regiment of Waldeck, See. 13, 9731* 16 s. for the artillery of the landgrave ot Hesse Cartel; 4, 244l. 128. 6 d. for levy money for the said artillery; 3, 383l. 6s. 8d. for the artillery of Hanau; 6081. for pensions to officers widows, C not exceeding 97, 5751* 128. to the reduced officers of the land forces and marines; 850l. 19 s. 6d. to the two troops of horse guards reduced, C 107, 512l. 10s. to the outpensioners of Chelsea hof pita!; 137, 448l. 7s, to six regiments of foot from Ireland, C 845, 165 b H d. 1 q. towards extraoidmary expences of the land forces, Scc. not provided for; 1, 250, 0001. for discharging exchequer bills of latt session;

Not exceeding 74061.3 d. halfpenny, to make good to his Majesty the like fom issued in purftiance of the addrtfies of the house of commons; 3, 086 b for the civil ctublionxaent of Georgia; 4.9501. for the civil establishment of salt Florida; 4, 9501. for the ciyileft]iblittiment of West Florida; Not exceeding 4, 246b 10s. 5d. for supporting the civil establishment of Nova Scotia; 1, 885b 4s. for defraying expenses attending surveys in North America; 13, 000b for repairing and maintaining the forts in Africa;

5, 550b for supporting the civilestablishment of Senegambia; 6, 996 by 10 s. sod. on account of the expense of new roads. Scc. in the highlands of Scotland, 20001. to the of of Westminster bridge; 92, 4x11.

14s. nd. iq. to make good the deficiency of the sum granted by parliament in 1774, for recoining the deficient gold coin. Not exceeding 44, 096b 5 s. tod. halfpenny, to the sinking fund, to make good the deficiency on July 5, 1775; 37, 348 b 12 s. 7 d. to make good the deficiency of grants so^: the service of .1775. The said aids to be applied only to the uses before mentioned. Rules to be observed in the application of the half-pay. By aft 15 Geo. 3. a sum not exceeding 105, 3x6b 16 s. 8d. was appropriated to be paid to reduced officers. overplus moneys, above satis lying said officers, to be difpbfed of to officers who were maimed, Sec. in (he late wars, or to officers widows and children, as his Majesty shall dir eft.

Recital of a clause in an act 6 Geo. 2. and 24 Geo. 2. After June 24,

177v allowance of the wages, cof the one other Teamen in every 100, shall be continued till the number employed in the royal navy a mounts to 30, 000. Barons of the exchequer, on proof made before them of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, Sec. being loit or destroyed, shall grant a certificate of the same; on producing whereof to the proper officers, and on giving them sufficient security, they are to make out duplicates of said bills. Scc. and to diicfiarge the same.

CAP. L

An act to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or other St who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be fiamped according to law, or, having beenstamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to dttortiies and solicitors.

[ Preamble.]

WHEREAS diverse persons, who, on account of their offices, places, employments, or prosessions, or any other cause or occassion, ought to have taken and subscribed the oaths, or the assurance respectively, appointed to be by such persons taken and subscribed, in and by an act made in the first year of the reign of his late majesty King X U 3 George

a8o Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 50.

ivrfons who George the First, of glorious memory, (entitled. An act for the have omitted further security of his majesty's person and government, and the oaths appoint fucce n f the crown in the heirs of the late princess Sophia, ed by ad being protestants; for extinguishing the hopes of the pre

i Geo. 1. tended prince of Wales, and his open and secret abettors;,) or la

Act 1 X Car. a. ave iua^fie^ themselves according to an act, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, (entitled. An act for the well governing and regulating corporations;,) or to have qua*Act 15 Car. a. themselves according to another act, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, (entitled, An act for preventing the dangers which may happen from popish recusants, by receiving the sacrament of the lord's supper, according to the usage of the church of England, and making and subscribing the declaration against transubstantiation therein mentioned;,) orac aft 30 Car. a. cording to another act, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, (entitled, An act for the more effectual preserving the king's person and government, by disabling pa pi ft s from sitting in either house of parliament;,) or according to another Aft S Geo. j. at, made in the eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, (entitled, An act for granting the people called Shakers such forms of affirmation or declaration as may remove the difficulties which many of them lie under;,) or according to Act G another act, made in the ninth year of the reign of his late majesty9co. i. George the Second, (entitled, An act for indemnifying persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices within the time litnited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose; and for amending so much of an act passed in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, as requires persons to qualify themselves for offices before the end of the next term, or quarter sessions; also for enlarging the time limited by law for making and subscribing the declaration against transubstantiation; and for allowing a further time for inrol ment of deeds and wills made by papists; for relief of protestant purchasers, devisees, and lesties;,) or according to another Act is Geo. *, ts5f, made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, (entitled, An act to amend and render more effectual an act passed in the fifth year of his present majesty's reign, intituled An o5l for the further qualification of justices of that n peace;,) or according to another af, made in the sixth year of the reign andac Geo. ^present Majesty, (entitled, An act for altering the oath of* abjuration, and the afluraitce; and for amending so much of an

aft, made in the seventh year of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled An act for the improvement of the union of the two kingdoms, a9, after the time therein limited, requires the delivery of certain lifhs and copies therein mentioned to persons indicted of high treason, or misprision of treason))through ignorance of the law, absence, or home unavoidable accident, omitted to take and fttb/cribe the said oaths apd affurancand make and subfiribe the declaration required by law, or otherwise to qualify themselves as aforesaid, within such time, and in such manner, os in and by the said a51s respectively, or by any other act of parliament in that behalf made, is

required,

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 50. a.81

required, whereby they have incurred or may be in danger of incurring, diverse penalties and disabilities: for quieting the minds of his Majesty's subjects., tend for preventing any inconveniences that might otherwise happen by means of suck omifftons; be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and cdhfent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefenr parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That a if and every person or person, who, at or before the passing of this passinvof this act, hath or shall have omitted to take and subscribe the said oaths and declarations, or to receive the sacrament of the lord's sup i per, or otherwise to qualify him, her, or themselves, within such time, and in such manner, as in and by the said acts, or any of them, or by any other act of parliament in that behalf made, is required; and who, after accepting any such office, place, or employment, of undertaking any profession or thing on account of which such qualifications ought to have been had, and is required, before the passing of this, ad, hath or have taken and subscribed the said oaths, or made the declarations required by law, and also received the sacrament of the lord's supper, according to the usage of the church of England, or who, on or or before dee before the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hun5*777* dred and seventy seven, shall take and subscribe the said oaths, 1 declarations, and assurance respectively, in such cases wherein by law the said oaths, declarations, and assurance, ought to have been taken or subscribed, in such manner and form, and at or in such place or places, as are appointed in and by the said act, made in the first year of the jxign of his said late majesty King George the First, or by any other act or acts of parliament in that behalf madp and provided, and also hath or have received, or shall, on or before the said twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, receive, the sacrament of the lords supper, according to the usage of the church of England, in such cases wherein the said sacrament ought tq / have been received, and hath or have made and subscribed, or shall, on or before the said twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, mafke and subscribe the said declaration against transubstantiation, and also hath or have made and subscribed, or shall, on or before the said twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, make and subscribe the said declaration, in the said Statute made in the thirtieth year of King Charles the Second, in such cases wherein the said declarations ought to have been made and subscribed, and take and subscribe the oath directed by the said act made in the eighteenth year of the reigrt of his late majesty King George the Second, in such cases wherein the said oath ought to have been taken and subscribed, in such manner as by the said act is directed, shall be, and are hereby indemnified, indemnified freed, and discharged, from and against all penalties, forfeitures, a?ainrt fr incapacities, and disabilities incurred, or to be incurred, for or bycltures* reason of any neglect or omission previous to the passing of this acts of taking or subscribing the said oaths or assurance, or rc

U 4 ceiving

j

282 Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 50. [1776.

ceiving the sacrament, or making or subscribing the said declarations, or taking or subscribing the said oath, according to the abovementioned adfcs, or any of them, or any other at or as; and such person and persons is and are, and shall be, fully and actually recapacitated and restored to the same (fate and condition as he, she, or they, were in before such neglect or omistan, and shall be deemed and adjudged to have duly qualified him, her, or themselves, according to the abovementioned at, and every of them: and that all elections of, and acfts done, or to be done, by any such person or persons, or by authority derived from hkn, her, or them, are and shall be of the same force and validity as the same, or an^r of thefti, would have been if such person or persons respectively had taken the said oath or assurance, and received the sacrament of the lord's supper, and made and fub foribed the said declarations, and taken and subscribed the said oath, according to the direction of the said acts, and every or any of them 5 and that the qualification of such person or persons, qualifying themselves in manner, and within the time appointed by this act. shall be, to all intents and purposes, as effectual as If such person or persons had respectively taken the said oaths and assurance, and received the sacrament, and made and subscribed the said declaration, and taken and subscribed the said oath, within the time, and in the manner appointed by the several acts before mentioned.

Nottoindem

II. Provided always, That this act, or anything herein con nify any pertained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to indemnify f°ena?tr focur ny person against whom final judgement (hah have been given, CD by neglect n any a^on of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of hia ing to qualify majesty's courts of record, for any penalty incurred by having himself. neglected to qualify himself within the time limited by law.

III. And whereas the appointments of diverse clerks of the peace, lows tier is, and other public officers, and the admissions of diverse members, and officers of cities, corporations, and borough towns, or tbt entries of such admissions in the court books, rolls, or records, of such tities, corporations, and borough towns, which by several acts of parliament are directed and required to be stamped, may not have been provided, or the same not flampedy or may have been lost or miftaid $ Persons pro be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thar, for the during ap relief of such persons whose appointments and admifl^ons, or ancudmuhons le cnrr*cs f whose admissions as aforesaid may not have been before Dec. provided, or not duly stamped, or where the same have been5> 1777> lost or inistaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for sich persons, 'on or before the rwenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, to provide, or cause to be provided, appointments and admissions, or entries of admissions, as aforesaid, duly stamped: or, in case where ftch appointments, admissions, or entries of admissions, as aforesaid, have been made or provided, but have not been duly stamped, to produce such appointments, admissions, or entries of admissions, as aforesaid, to the commissiorters appointed to inspecfc and manage the revenues of the lamp duties, to be duly stamped;

which

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. 0*50,

wfekh such commrffionen are hereby authorised, empowered, and required, to duly stamp, on payment of the duties first pay. or to have been paid on such appointments, admissions, or entries of admissions, as aforesakl, without any fine or forfeiture -^be con thereon? and such persons so providing appointments, admis |^ramc(j, and fions, or entries of admissions, as aforesaid, duly stamped, or quailed to procuring the same to be duly stamped, in manner aforesaid, are aft as clerk, and shall be hereby confirmed and qualified to act as clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other public officer, or member or corations, members, officer or officers, of such cities, corporations, and C borough towns respectively, to all intents and purposes, and shall way enjoy all and may hold and enjoy, and execute such offices, or any other °?ccu'll10 office or offices into which he or they hath or have been elected, ^cca notwithstanding his or their omission, or the omission of any of elected; predecessors, in such cities, corporations, or borough towns, and shall be as aforesaid; and shall be indemnified and discharged of and Indemrjjfied from all incapacities, disabilities, forfeitures, penalties, and da mages, by reason of any such omission; and pone of his or their damages in acts shall be questioned or avoided by reason of the same. curredby rea

IV. Provided always, That this act, or anything herein con j?n of om, u tained, shall not extend, or be conftrned to extend, to rest ore orii0ns# entitle any person or persons to any office or employment, bene Not to extend fice, matter, or thing whatsoever, already actually avoided by toreftore per judgement of any of his majesty's courts of record, or already 10 ny. filled up and enjoyed by any other person; that such by judgement, office, employment, benefice, matter, or thing, so avoided, or

legally filled up and enjoyed, shall be and remain in and to the person or persons who is or are now, or shall, at the passing of thi{ aft, be legally entitled to the same, as if this act had never been made.

V. And whereas many persons have omitted cause affidavits to be made, and afterwards to he filed in the proper office, of the actual execution of several contracts in writing entered into by them to serve as clerks to attornies or solicitors, within the time in which the same aught to have been done, and many infants, and others, may thereby incur certain disabilities; for preventing thereof, and relieving such

fersons, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every per Persons who son who, at the passing of this act, shall have neglected or omitted cause a to cause any such affidavit or affidavits as aforesaid to be made and filed, and who, on or before the first day of Michaelmas m.dmlm* term, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, shall cause term, 1776, one or more affidavit or affidavits to be made, and afterwards to be filed, in such manner as the same ought to have been made and filed in due time, shall be, and is hereby indemnified, freed, ar mdemni and discharged, from and against all penalties, forfeitures, inca an, 1*

C'J jr*& r rs CL C I charged horn

pacities, and disabilities, m or by any adbor acts of parliament, penalties, mentioned and incurred, or to be incurred, for or by reason of such neglect or omission; and every such affidavit and affidavits so to be made, and which shall be duly filed on or before the faief first day of Michaelmas term, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, shall be aa effectual, to all intents and purposes, as

if

*$4 Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 51, [1

if the same had been made and filed within the respective times the same ought, by the laws now in being for that purpose, to have been made and filed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case any action, fuitr Ifccuted and kill ipdidttnent, or information, shall, from and after the paf hereby meant sing of this act, be brought, carried on, or prosecuted, against to be indem any person or persons hereby meant or intended to be indcomi fied, recapacitated, or restored, for or on account of any forfci saal jfibc*" turc incapacity, or disability whatsoever incurred, or ua

be incurred, by any such neglect or omission, such person or per r fpns may plead the general issue, and, upon their defence, give

this act, and the special matter, in evidence, upon any trial to be had thereupon.

CAP. LI.

An act for granting further time for allowing the drawback upon the exportation of muffins and calicoes, imported by the east-india company in the years one thousand seven hundred and seventy three, and one thousand seven hundred and seventy four; for allowing further time to the said company to expose to file such bohea and ftnglo teas and coffee as remained unsold on the fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six; and also such bohea teas as Jhatl be imported on or before a certain time; and for allowing the drawbacks

on the exportation of such teas and coffee; and for granting further time for allowing the drawback on the exportation of coffee imported in the ship Shrewsbury /^ year one thousandfiven him dred and seventy three.

WHEREAS there are green quantities of muffins and white

calicoes remaining in this kingdom, which were imported by the united company of memhants of England trading to the East Indies, in the years one thousand seven hundred and evenly three, and one thousand seven hundred and seventy four, and which, by reason of the interruption given to trade by the rebellion and disturbances fubfifi ing in fveralof the British colonics in North America, the proprietors of such goods may not be able to export within the term of three years from the importation thereof, being the time limited by law to entitle them to receive the drawback of the duties thereon, and it is reasonable and necessary that some further time should be granted for the exportation of such goods: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par the term of liament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That for three ears al muftins and white calicoes which were imported by the said unirec* company into.this k ngdom, in the year one thousand tiem'toth/ex seven hundred and seventy three, and which shall be exported porting of from hence before the thirtieth day of December, one though. (and mtiflin* and seven hundred and f*venty eight; and for all mullins and white % hite calli. calicoes imported into this kingdom by the said united company* C in the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy four, which shall

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 51.8$

shall be exported from hence before the thirtieth day of Decent one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine; whether such muslins or calicoes shall have been printed, painted, lain CD or dyed, in this kingdom or not, the exporter or exporters of such goods shall be allowed and paid the same drawbacks, under the like rules, regulations, securities, penalties, and forfeitures, as such exporter or exporters would be entitled and liable to, in case such goods had been exported within the term of three years from the importation thereof, any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And whereas by several acts of parliament now in force for granting, continuing, and better securing the duties payable ad valorem upon unrated east-india goods and for ascertaining the values thereof \ according to which such duties shall be paid the importer or importers thereof are to give security by bond for payment of the said duties according to the real values of the said, goods to be ascertainei according to the respective acts of parliament in that behalf made, (except coffee,) as soon as the said goods shall be sold and also for exposing the said goods to sale openly and fairly by way of auction or by inch of candle, within the city of London, within the term of three years afr ter the importation thereof: and whereas by an act, made in the four Recital of an teenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for aft 14 Geo. j. granting further time to the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies to expose to sale the finglo and bohea teas remaining in their warehouses unsold on the fifth day of cdpril, one thousand seven hundred and seventy four, and for allowing the drawbacks on the exportation of such teas, it was (among ft other things) enacted That for such of the said bohea teas as were then imported and which remained unsold on the said fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy four the said united company might at any time within the space of four years to be computed from the importation thereof expose such teas to sale; and that after such sale or sales there should be allowed the like discounts* on payment of the duties an such teas as if the same had been exposed to Jale within the term of three years before mentioned, or, any other time theretofore limited by taw: and whereas a great part of the said bohea tea? imported by the said united company and remaining in their ware baufes unsold on the said fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy four yet remains unsold; and over and besides such bohea tea the said company havefence that time imported a further con jiderable quantity of bohea tea which remained in their warehouses unsold on the fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six and they expect to import and receive before the thirty first day ofdecember, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, a further considerable quantity o f bohea tea in sundry Ships now coming home from China 5 and the said company bad also in their warehouses unsold on the said fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy fixa great quantity of finglo teas and coffee, and by reason of the interruption given to trade fiy the disturbances in several of the £ritish colonies in America, the said quantity of bohea tea imported before the said fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred andfe

venty

ti Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 51. [1776.

ventj four, and remaining Unsold on the fifth day of April, one thou fond seven hundred and seventy six, cannot he expect ed to be sold by iha said company within the term of four yean allotted for that purpose by the said act of the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty; can it be expected that the said other bohea teas hereinbefore mentioned, the said finglo teas, and coffee, should be sold by the said company'within the term of three years, to be computed from the respectw* times of the importation of fitch teas and coffee, and it is necessary that some further time should be granted to the said company to post their said teas and coffee up to sale; be it therefore enacted by the au comaniaiobet^or*ly aforesa, That as well for such of the said bohea teas, allowed usual fingj° teas, and coffee, as remained unsold on the fifth day of difeountson April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, as also for the sale of all such bohea teas as hereafter shall be imported at any time or see Within five t'n^cs on or^thirty first day of December, one thousand

years after the seven hundred and seventy six, the said united company may, at importation any time within the space of five years, to be computed from thereof. the importation thereof, expose such respective teas and coffee to sale, and after such sale or Tales there shall be allowed the like discounts, on payments of the respective duties on such tea? and coffee, as if the same had been exposed to sale within the term of three years, or any other time heretofore limited by law, any*law, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

The term of

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, extended That, for and during the said term of five years, to be computed five, in rela as aforesaid, there shall be drawn back and allowed for all the tien'to the said teas and coffee, which shall be exported from this kingdom drawback on as merchandise to Ireland, or any of the British colonies or plan teasand coffeetaticms n America, to the exporter or exporters thereof, such and to Ireland and the same drawbacks or allowances, and under such rules, regu america. lations, securities, penalties, and forfeitures, as such exporter or exporters would have been entitled to in case such teas and coffee had been exported within the term of three years from the respective times of the importation thereof 5 any law usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas, reason of the said interruption to trade, a great part of the coffee imported by the said united Company in the fljip Shrewsbury, in the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy three, and which hath been sold by the said united company, yet remains uncleared in their vearehouses, belonging to the buyers thereof, and the same cannot be exported within three years after the importation thereof, be The fa me time therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if tthe exporting cof ^aic* co^ee* imported by the said ship Shrewsbury, in the year onfc see, brought thousand seven hundred and seventy three, and now remaining by theshie*f uncleared in the said company's warehouses, shall be exported at bury, in 1773, any time within five years, to be computed from the importation maimnvm thereof, there shall be drewn back, and allowed for the same, to the company's the exporter or exporters thereof, such and the same drawbacks warehouses. or allowances, and under such rules, regulations, securities, penalties, and forfeitures, as such exporter or exporters would hav. entitled to in case such coffee had been exported within the

term

1776j Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52.' 287

term of three years from the importation thereof any law, cu

(bn, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

V Provided always, and be it farther enacted by the autho ha ca the rity aforesaid, That if the said united company of ^rchants of^j^" England trading to the East Indies, shall at any time negledfc to y^keep the market (applied with a sufficient quantity of tea at rea market with fpnable prices, to answer the consumption thereof in Great tea, at reason britaut, it shall and may be lawful to and for the of pt^e,of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or for the lord of thttreansy high treasurer for the tipie being, to pant licences to any other may grant LI person or persons, body or bodies politic or corporate, to im cenfes to any port into Great Britain, from any parts of Europe, in such and perr°nk8iau the like manner, and subject to such duties, and under such re p°rt llie strictioas and limitations, and upon such notices, and with such licences, as are by any act or acts now in force prescribed and doodled with respect to tea to be imported from any parts of Emepe by tb said united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies; anything contained in this act to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. LII.

An act to declare his Majesty's natural born subjects inheritable to the estates of their ancestors, whether lineal or collateral, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, notwithstanding their father or mother were aliens.

whereas£y*e aft, mode in the parliament of England, preamhje.

in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of his late m fifty King William the Thirds (entitled, An act to enable his Map j 1 jesty's natural born subjects to inherit the estate of their ancef u*tars, either lineal or collateral, notwithstanding their father or mother were aliens,) it is enabled, That all and every person or pm sins bfing the King's natural born subject or subjects, within on? of the King's realms or dominions, ball and may hereafter lawfully Mr, and be inheritable, as heir or heirs to any honours, manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and make their pedigrees and titles by defeent from any of their ancestors, lineal or collateral, although the father and mother, or fathers or mothers, or other ant eft or of such per sin or per sins, by, from, through, or under whom, he, he, or they, may make or derive their title or pedigree, were or was, or is or arey or shall be, born out of the King's allegiance, and out of his Majesty's, realms and dominions, as freely, fully, and effectually, to all intents and purpofis, as if such father or mother, or fathers or mothers, or other ancestor or ancestors, by, from, through, or under whom, he, her

they, hall or may make or derive their title or pedigree, had been naturalised, or natural born Subject or subjects within the King's dominions; any law or custom to the contrary notwithstanding: and whereas doubts have arisen whither the provision of the aforesaid statute would take place in Scotland by the rules of the common-law thereof, and it is reasonable that the same rule of jucce/jion should take place in both parti of the united kingdom, and that fiub doubts should be

All persons, being the King's natural born fable, shall inherit as heirs to any manors, lands, C in Scotland,

under whom they make their title, were aliens.

288 Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c.[1776.*

be removed; be it therefore declared and enabled by the King's rood excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all and every person or persons, being the king's natural born subject or subjects within this united kingdom, or any other of the king's realms or dominions, shall and may hereafter lawfully inherit, and be inheritable, in Scotland, as heir or heirs to any honours, manors, lands, tenement, or hereditaments, and make their pedigrees and titles by defeent from any of their ancestors, lineal or collateral although the father and mother, or although their fathers or mothers, or other ancestor of such person or persons, lathers or by, from, through, or under whom, he, ftie, or they shall or mothers, arc. make or derive their title or pedigree, were or was, or is or are, or shall be, born out of the King's allegiance, and out of his majesty's realms and dominions, as freely, fully, and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if such father or mother, or fathers or mothers, or other ancessor or ancessors, by, from, through, or under whom, be, (he, or they shall or may make or derive their title or pedigree, had been naturalised or natural born subject or subjects within the king's dominions; any law or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no person or persons shall be hereby enabled to inherit as heir or heirs, or coheir or co heirs, to any person dying seized of any manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in possession, reversion, or remainder, through any alien ancessor or ancessors, unless the person or persons so claiming or deriving his or their title as

m. heir or heirs, coheir or co heirs, was or were, or shall be in to7"unlcft the being, and capable to take the same effate as heir or heirs, co claimant was heir or co heirs, at the death of the person who shall so lass die in being at seized of such manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and to whom lie, (he, or they shall so claim to be heir or heirs, coheir or co heirs.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case the person or persons who shall be in being, and capable to take, at the death of the ancessor so dying seized of any such honours,

deff: ent^fllaltc.mawors* lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and upon whom favupon a the defeent shall be caff, shall happen to be a daughter or daughters of any alien, and that the alien father or mother, through whom such defeent shall be derived by such daughter or daughters, shall afterwards have a son born within any of his Majesty's realms or dominions, the defeent so caff upon such daughter or daughters shall be diverted in favour of such son, and such son shall inherit and take the effate, in like manner as is allowed by the common-law in cases of the birth of a nearer heir; or in case such father or mother shall have no son or sons, but shall have one or more daughter or daughters afterwards born within any of his Majesty's realms or dominions, the daughter or daughters so born afterwards shall inherit and take in coparcenary With the daughter or daughters upon whom the defeent

shall

No person to inherit at heir to any person dying posse&d of mauors, lands. See. through any alien ancef

the time of such person's death. Regulations with regard to the luccef

daughur, and a tonne, Scq. shall afterwards be born.

!77*i Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 53, 54.' 2s9

Hull be call at the death of the ancestor last seized; anything in

tina ad contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. Lin.

An act to continue the corporation of the guardians of the poor within the Isle of Wight and to confirm the powers and authorities now vetted in the find corporation and to provide new powers and regulations for '

the members of the same; and to repeal an act passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for establishing m bomft or houses of industry in the Isle of Wight, for tbt reception, maintenance and employment, of the poor belonging to the entered parisha and places nmtb 'in the said island.

CAP. LIV.

An act to continue an atf9 made in the fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, (entitled, An act to prevent the committing of frauds by bankrupts;,) and also an act made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, in rituledy An act to prohibit the importation of light silver coin of this realm from foreign countries into Great Britain or Ireland, and to retrain the tender thereof beyond a certain sum.)

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the laws hereafter mentioned have by experience

been found useful and beneficial, and are near expiring; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty by and with the advice and tonfent of the lords spirkual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That an act made in the fifth year of the reign Act 5 Geo. of his late majesty King George the Second, (entitled, An all prevent the committing of frauds by bankrupts) which was to con g^ars# tioue in force from the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand y seven hundred and thirty-two, for the space of three years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and which, by several subsequent acts, made in the ninth and iixtccmh years of his said majesty's reign, was further continued until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and by an act made in the twenty-fourth year of his laid late Majesty, was amended, and further continued until the first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and which by three subsequent acts made in the thirty first year of his said late majesty's reign, and in the fourth and twelfth years of the reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy five, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, shall be, and thb. lame is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof until the twenty-ninth day of September? one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and from thence to the end of the then 1

next section of parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That an act, made in the fourteenth year of the.reign of his present

Mav

at 14. Geo. 3. further continued for two years.

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 55 — 60; [1776.

Majesty, (entitled, An act So prohibit the importation of light jmvtr coin of this realm from foreign countries into Great Britain or Ireland, and to refrain the tender thereof beyond a certain sum) which was to continue in force until, the nrft day of May one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, and from thence to the end of the then next feffiort of parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby continued from the expiration thereof, until the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

CAP. LV.

An act to enable the trustees of certain charily lands, belonging to the poor of Salford, in the county palatine of Laricaster, to grant building leases thereof

CAP. LVI.

An act for applying the borough and town of Brecknock, and litre tics thereof with water and for pavings cleaning, regulatings and lighting, the streets, lanes, and public passages there > and far widening and, making commodious same of the jcnd/beets* lanes, and

passages.

CAP. LVII.

An act for paving, cleansing lightings and watching, the borough and town of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, in the county of Dorset; and for removing all encroachments obstructms* and an noyances therein.

CAP. LVIII.

An act to explain and amend an act made in the twelfth year of his present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the streets and lanes in the town and parish o?chatham, in the county of Kent; and for removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein; and to extend the peoviftons of the aid act to such parts of the high street in Chatham, as are lunate in the parishes of Saint Margaret and Gillingham, and to other places adjoining or contiguous to the said town.

CAP. LIX.

An act for lighting and watching the town of Portsmouth, in the county Southampton; and for explaining and amending an act passed in the eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, for the better paving and cleansing the streets and other public passages in the said town, and for preventing nuisances and annoyances t her An act for widening and rendering the Jarne more commodious.

CAP. LX.

An act to amend and render more effectual an act, made in the eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for opening certain pof- Jages, and/or paving the streets, and other places, in the parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the county of Middlesex, andfer preventing annoyances therein; and for extending the powers.of the said act to such part of a lane, called hog lane, as lies within the liberty of Norton falgate, in the said county.

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 61 — 67, 291

CAP. LXI.

An act for trifling a lighthouse or lighthouses and landmarks in or mar the port of Chester, and for placing buoys upon the banks and Jbcals leading into and in the said port; and for regulating of pilots and persons towing or tracking of vessels to and from the city of Chester j and for fixing the rates payable for the same respectively.

CAP. lxn.

An act to enable the commissioners of sewers for several limits in the tafiern parts of the county of Kent, more effectually to drain and improve the lands and grounds within the General Valleys.

CAP. LXIII.

An act for widening and improving several streets in the town of Manchester j and for opening new streets or passages within the said town.

CAP. LXIV.

An act for drainings embanking, and preserving, certain fen lands and low grounds called The Parts and Alderlots, in the parishes of Glatton and Holme, in the county of Huntingdon.

CAP. LXV.

An act for making the river Soar navigable from the river Trent to bishop's Meadow, within the liberty of Garenton, in the county of Leicester; and for making and maintaining, h navigable cut or*canal from thencty near or up and into The rushes, at Loughborough, in the said county.

CAP. LXVI.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canaly within and from certain lands, belonging to Thomas Talbot Foley, enquire in the parish Dudley, in the county of Worcester, to join and communicate with the Stourbridge navigation at a place called Black Delph, upon penfnet chase, in the parish of fcingfwin ford, in the county of Stafford.

CAP. LXVII.

An act for enlarging the term and powers osso much of an a fly made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Sccondy intituled An act for repairing and widening the high roads from Basingfion through popbam laney suttonb Scotney9 and Stockbridge, in the county of Southampton, to a place called lobcomb corner, in the f ounty of ivilts \ and also for repairing and widening the road from Spittlehouse over jveybtll to Mullen's Pondy in the said county of Southampton; as relates to the roads f rom Basingstoke to lobcomb corner, in the county of Wilts.

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 63 — 72. [1776.

CAP. LXVIII.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the twenty second year of the reign of hi late Majesty, intituled An act for repairing the road from the West Cowgdte, near the town of New erf le upon Tyne, through the welt end of Kenton, Pont 'Eland, Higham Dikes, Newham Edge, B elf ay Mill, and South Middleton, to the north side of the river Wanfpcck, in the county of Northumberland.

CAP. LXIX.

An act for continuing the term and varying the powers of two nfts, passed in the third and seventeenth years of his late majesty King George the Second, fer repairing the road from that part of Chatham which lies next to the city fl/rochester, to Saint dun stan's Cross near the city of Canterbury, in the county of Kent; and for amending and widening the road from the present turnpike road at or near a place called make made corner, in the parish of Preston, to baghant crois and shalmsford lanc end, in the parish of Chiiham, in the said county.

CAP. LXXI.

An act for continuing the term and enlarging the powers of an act, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for widening and repairing the road leading from Horsham, in the epunty of Sussex, through Capel, Dorking, Mickleham, and leather head, to the watch house in Ebbisham, in the county of Surry, and from Capel to Stone ftr at, in the parish of Ockley, in the said county of Surry.

CAP. LXXI.

An act for amending and keeping in repair the road from Doncaster to the turnpike road which leads from Bawtry to Retford, in the counties of York and Nottingham.

CAP. LXXII.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Second, 'entitled. An act for repairing and widening the roads leading from the east side of lincoln heath, to the city of Peterborough; and from the east end of marham lane, to the town of Walton, in the county of Northampton 3. and from the town of Bourn, to the town of Colferworth\ and from Donningttm Nigh Bridge, to the cross post, in the parish of Hacconby; and from the east end of a lane called hale drove, to and through the town of Old Sleaford, to the end of long hedge, in th parish of ^uarrington, in the county of Lincoln.

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 73 — 77. 293

CAP. LXXIII

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his majijly King George the Second, intituled An act for repairing and widening the road from the White Stoop near the north end of the town of Derby, through the towns of Duffidd and Chesterfieldin the county of Derby, to the town of Sheffield in the county of York; and from the said town of Duffield to the Moot Hall in the town of ivirksworth, in the said county of Derby.

CAP. LXXIV.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of two acts, made in the twenty second and twenty-ninth years of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing the road from wanford bridge In th county of Northampton, to the town and borough of Stamford, in the county of Lincoln, and from Stamford to Bourn in the said county; and for repairing and widening the road from thi north end of the bridge, to a gate called Scotgate in Stamford, and from the termination of the turnpike road in the parish of Bourn, to the market cross in Bourn.

CAP. LXXV.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the market cross in the township of Clithero, to salford bridge in the town of Blackburn, in the county palatine Lancaster.

CAP. LXXVI.

An act to continue and render more effectual several acts of parliament for repairing the highways leading to highgate gatehouse and Hampstead, and other roads in the said acts mentioned in the county of Middlesex; and alfg to continue and render more effectual\

An act to enable the respective trustees of the turnpike roads leading to highgate gatehouse and Hampstead, and from Saint giles's pound to Kilbourne, to make a new road from the Great Northern Road at ijlington to the Edgeware Rood near padjing tonne, so far as the Jame is by the said act directed to be under the # care and management of the trustees of the said first mentioned acts; and for making a road from the said new road, near queen's row, to bagnigge wash, and for watchings lightings and watering thi said roads.

CAP. LXXVII.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Second, for repairing the road leading from the town of Ludlow, in the county of Salop, through Woojferton and Little Hereford, to a place called monk's bridge, in the said county; and a^so from the said town of Ludlow to a place or house called The Maidenhead at Orleton, in the county of Hereford.

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. c. 78 — 83. [1776.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An act for continuing the term, and altering, explaining, enlarging

the powers of an act of the twenty sixth of King George thi Second, for repairing and widening the several roads therein mentioned in the county of Worcester, and for repealing so much of an act of the seventh year of his present Majesty, as relates to the rod from knightsford bridge to a certain house at Red Marley, in the parish of Great Witlcy, in the said county, and for putting tit same under the management of the trufees for executing the said first \ mentioned act 5 and for amending other roads therein mentioned

CAP. LXXIX.

An act for continuing and enlarging the terms and powers of two severed acts of parliament resptfting roads near the borough of afhbur tonne, in the county of Devon.

CAP. LXXX.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing and widening the road from the Great Bridge in the borough of lvarwiclt through Southam and Daventry, to the town of Northampton.

CAP. LXXXI.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act, pa [fed in the twenty seventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second) intituled An act for repairing and widening the road from Leicester to Narborough, and from Leicester to Coventry, and from thence through Kenilworth to Warwick and from thence to Halford Bridge, and from Warwick to Stratford upon Avon and from Coventry to Martyn's Gutter leading towards stone leigh town; and for supplying an omission in an act passed in the last feflson of parliament, for repairing the road from lei teller to ashby de la zouch, in the county of Leicester \ so far as toe [arise relates to the road from Coventry, through Kenilworth to Warwick, and from the said city of Coventry to martyn's Gutter.

CAP. LXXXII.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Second, ft far as relates to repairing the road from Tadcaster to haltoa dyal, in the west riding of the county of York.

CAP. LXXXIIII.

An act for repairing, widening, and altering the road from the termination of the present turnpike road at Elfdon Highcross, near the town of Elfdon, in the county ^northumbedand, on the north east side of the river Reed, through Overacres, Elifhaw, and Catcleueh, to the Red Swyre upon the mid border betwixt England and Scotland.

