THE

Statutes at large,

Anno Quadragesimo Quarto

GEORGII III. REGIS:

BEING THE

SECOND SESSION of the SECOND PARLIAMENT

of THE

UNITED KINGDOM

of

GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND.

VoL XLV. Part 1.

THE

Statutes at large,

FROM

MAGNA CHARTA,

TO THE END OF THE

Eleventh Parliament of Great Britain,

Anno 1761.

CONTINUED.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray's Inn, Esq.

Reader of the Law Lecture to that honourable Society.

VOL. XLV,

CAMBRIDGE;

PRINTED BY R. WATTS, AT THE UNIVERSITY PRESS,

(By Assignment from the Executor of Mr. Charles Bathurst, )

FOR J. JOHNSON, ST. PAUL'S CHURCH-YARD, G. AND J. ROBINSON, PATERNOSTER-ROW, AND D. OGILVY AND SON, AT NO. 315, HOLBORN, LONDON.

1805.

Cum Privilegio.

A

TABLE

OF ALL

THE STATUTES

PASSED

In the FORTY-FOURTH YEAR of the Reign of his Majesty

KING GEORGE III.

BEING

The Second Session of the Second Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS,

Cap. 1. An Act to continue, until six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, the Restrictions contained in several Acts made in the thirty-seventh, thirty-eighth, forty-second, and forty-third Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, on Payments of Cash by the Bank of England.

Cap. 2. An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of eight thousand Pounds, for the present Relief of certain Curates in England.

Cap. 3. An Act to regulate the Bonds issued by the East India Company, with respect to the Rate of Interest, and the Duty payable thereon.

Cap. 4. An Act to continue several Laws relating to the suspending the Operation of two Acts of the fifteenth and seventeenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for restraining the Negociation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange under a limited Sum in England; and to the prohibiting the Exportation from and permitting the Importation to Great Britain of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision without Payment of Duty, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five; and to the regulating the Trade and Commerce to and from the Isle of Malta, until six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

Cap. 5. An Act to continue, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 6. An Act for suspending, until the first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and four, the Operation of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to continue and amend two Acts made in the Parliament of Ireland, for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within Ireland.

Cap. 7. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and for extending the Times limited for those purposes respectively, until the twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and four; and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the first Day of Michaelmas Term One thousand eight hundred and four.

Cap. 8. An Act to continue, until six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, an Act to empower the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to apprehend and detain such Persons as he or they shall suspect for conspiring against his Majesty's Person and Government, until six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament.

Cap. 9. An Act to continue, until six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for the Suppression of Rebellion in Ireland, and for the Protection of the Persons and Property of his Majesty's faithful Subjects there, to continue in force until six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament.

Cap. 10. An Act to continue, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, several Acts of the forty-first, forty-second, and forty-third Years of his present Majesty's Reign, for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland.

Cap. 11. An Act for enabling the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to prohibit, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, the Distillation of Spirits from Oats or Oatmeal in Ireland; and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted in advising or carrying into Execution a Proclamation of the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland for prohibiting such Distillation.

Cap. 12. An Act to continue, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, so much of an Act, made in the forty-first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, or other Provisions; and to the permitting the Importation into Ireland of Corn, Fish, and Provisions, without Payment of Duty.

Cap. 13. An Act to prevent the Desertion and Escape of Petty Officers, Seamen, and others, from his Majesty's Service, by Means or under Colour of any Civil or Criminal Process.

Cap. 14. An Act to amend two Acts, passed in the forty-first and forty-third Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for permitting Portugal Wine to be landed and warehoused in the United Kingdom; and to allow Spanish Wine to be so landed and warehoused.

Cap. 15. An Act for raising the Sum of five Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four.

Cap. 16. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and four.

Cap. 17. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England; and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and four.

Cap. 18. An Act to explain and amend two Acts passed in the forty-second and forty-third Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, relating to Volunteers and Yeomanry Corps in Great Britain.

Cap. 19. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Cap. 20. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

Cap. 21. An Act to continue, until three Months after any Restriction imposed by any Act of the present Session of Parliament on the Bank of England from issuing Cash in Payments shall cease, an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for confirming and continuing the Restrictions on Payments in Cash by the Bank of Ireland, and also an Act made in the forty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty for amending the said Act.

Cap. 22. An Act to indemnify all Persons who have been concerned in issuing or carrying into Execution an Order of the Lords Commimoners of his Majesty's Treasury for permitting the Exportation of Seed Corn to Portugal from Great Britain.

Cap. 23. An Act for allowing Vessels employed in the Greenland Whale Fishery, and clearing out from any Port in Great Britain, to complete their full Number of Men at certain Ports for the present Season.

Cap. 24. An Act for further continuing, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six, an Act made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland.

Cap. 25. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant the Inheritance, in Fee Simple, of certain Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Byfleet, Weybridge, Walton, Walton Leigh, and Chertsey, in the County of Surry, to his Royal Highness Frederick Duke of York and Albany, for a valuable Consideration.

Cap. 26. An Act for charging, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Bounties and Drawbacks upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into and exported from Ireland; and also for charging certain Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland in lieu of former Rates, Duties, and Taxes, Bounties and Drawbacks.

Cap. 27. An Act for charging, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, certain increased Countervailing Duties on the Importation into Ireland, of the several Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein mentioned, being the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain; and for allowing increased Drawbacks on the Exportation to Great Britain of the several Articles therein mentioned, being the Manufactureeof Ireland.

Cap. 28. An Act for granting to his Majesty a Duty upon Malt made in Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four.

Cap. 29. An Act for permitting, until the fifth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and five, the Importation of Hides, Calve Skins, Horns, Tallow, and Wool, (except Cotton Wool,) in Foreign Ships, on Payment of the like Duties as if imported in British or Irish Ships.

Cap. 30. An Act to revive and continue, until eight Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, an Act, made in the forty-second Year of his present Majesty, for repealing several Acts relating to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to the issuing Orders in Council for that Purpose, and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof; and also to indemnify all Persons who have been concerned in issuing or carrying into Execution Orders of Council for permitting the Importation of certain Goods from America in Neutral Ships.

Cap. 31. An Act for raising the further Sum of two Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four.

Cap. 32. An Act for empowering his Majesty, for a Time and to an Extent therein limited, to accept the Services of such Parts of his Militia Forces in Ireland as may voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Great Britain.

Cap. 33. An Act for empowering his Majesty to direct the Augmentation of his Militia Forces in Ireland, to an Extent therein limited.

Cap. 34. An Act to amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for making Provision for the Wives and Families of Militia Men of Ireland.

Cap. 35. An Act to amend and continue several Laws relating to the allowing the Importation of Rape Seed and other Seeds used for extracting Oil, whenever the Prices of Middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit; to the allowing the Importation of Seal Skins cured with Foreign Salt free of Duty to the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, and to the Encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fisheries, to the twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and six; and to continue several Laws relating to the allowing the Use of Salt, Duty free, in the preserving of Fish in Bulk or in Barrels; and to the discontinuing the Bounty payable on White Herrings exported, to the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine; to the permitting Sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, to carry on the Manufacture of Maidstone Geneva, to the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine; and to the Admission to Entry of Oil and Blubber of Newfoundland, taken by his Majesty's Subjects carrying on the Fishery from and residing in the said Island, to the twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and five.

Cap. 36. An Act to amend and continue, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, so much of an Act, made in the forty-first Year of his present Majesty, as relates to allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused.

Cap. 37. An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for granting to his Majesty a Contribution on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, as requires Attornies, Agents, and Factors, to retain and pay the Duties chargeable upon publick Annuities; and to extend the Times for hearing Appeals on Assessments or Surcharges made in pursuance of the said Act.

Cap. 38. An Act For increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

Cap. 39. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four.

Cap. 40. An Act to revive and further continue, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, and amend so much of an Act, made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of his present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament.

Cap. 41. An Act for defraying, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland; for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for Offences committed during the Time such Militia shall not be embodied; and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace.

Cap. 42. An Act to amend an Act, made in the forty-second Year of his present Majesty, to amend the Laws for the better Regulation of the Linen Manufacture in Ireland.

Cap. 43. An Act to enforce the due Observance of the Canons and Rubrick respecting the Ages of Persons to be admitted into the sacred Orders of Deacon and Priest.

Cap. 44. An Act to exempt Vessels in the Newfoundland Trade from the Provisions of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for regulating Vessels carrying Passengers from the United Kingdom.

Cap. 45. An Act for raising the Sum of eight Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four.

Cap. 46. An Act for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four.

Cap. 47. An Act for raising the Sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities.

Cap. 48. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities or Debentures, for the Service of Ireland.

Cap. 49. An Act for granting to his Majesty, until twelve Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties of Excise on Wine imported into Great Britain.

Cap. 50. An Act to revive and continue, until the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for providing for the more speedy Completion of the Establishment of Officers in the Militia of Great Britain; and for facilitating the filling up Vacancies therein.

Cap. 51. An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while disembodied.

Cap. 52. An Act to alter and amend so much of an Act passed in the thirty-fourth Year of his present Majesty, as relates to the Amount of the Sums to be paid by Persons compounding for the Performance of Statute Duty.

Cap. 53. An Act for granting to his Majesty, during the present War, and for six Months after the Expiration thereof by the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, into Great Britain; and on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, brought or carried Coastwise, within Great Britain.

Cap. 54. An Act to consolidate and amend the Provisions of the several Acts relating to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great Britain; and to make further Regulations relating thereto.

Cap. 55. An Act for more effectually preventing the Sale of Exciseable Liquors in Scotland by Persons not duly licensed; and for altering the Times of granting Licences to sell such Exciseable Liquors by Retail.

Cap. 56. An Act for establishing and maintaining a permanent additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting his Majesty's Regular Forces; and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia of England. I

Cap. 57. An Act to exempt from Duties on Export all Linens of the Manufacture of the United Kingdom.

Cap. 58. An Act for directing certain Publick Accounts of Ireland to be laid annually before Parliament.

Cap. 59. An Act to indemnify Solicitors, Attornies, and others, who have neglected to enter Certificates within the Time limited by an Act made in the thirty-seventh Year of his present Majesty; and to amend so much of the said Act as relates to the entering such Certificates.

Cap. 60. An Act for the preventing of Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Aylesbury in the County of Buckingham.

Cap. 61. An Act to amend two Acts made in the eighteenth and thirty-ninth Years of his present Majesty, for the erecting a Court House for the holding of Sessions of the Peace in the City of Westminster; and for purchasing certain Buildings and Ground between Saint Margaret Street, Union Street, and King Street, in the said City, for the Use of the Publick.

Cap. 62. An Act for making further Provision for making and maintaining an Inland Navigation, commonly called The Caledonian Canal, from the Eastern to the Western Sea by Inverness and Fort William, in Scotland.

Cap. 63. An Act for vesting the capital Messuage, with the Appurtenances situate in Kevin Street, in the City of Dublin, called The Palace of the Archbishop of Dublin at Saint Sepulchre's, in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and for applying the Purchase Money, together with another Sum therein mentioned, in Manner and for the Purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 64. An Act to continue, until the first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and five, the Operation of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, to suspend Proceedings in Actions, Prosecutions, and Proceedings under certain Acts relating to the Woollen Manufacture, and also under an Act of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, so far as the same relates to certain Persons employed or concerned in the said Manufacture.

Cap. 65. An Act to continue, until the first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and five, an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for continuing two Acts, the one passed in the forty-second Year of his present Majesty, for regulating the Prices at which Grain, Meal, and Flour, may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain; and the other, made in the last Session of Parliament, for permitting the Exportation of Seed Corn from Great Britain to Ireland, and the Importation of Malt into Great Britain from Ireland.

Cap. 66. An Act for establishing and maintaining a permanent additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting his Majesty's Regular Forces, and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia of Scotland.

Cap. 67. An Act for granting to his Majesty, until the twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, certain Duties on the Importation of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize herein mentioned, into Ireland, and also certain Duties of Excise on Spirits, Malt, and Tobacco, in Ireland; and for the Increase of certain publick Revenues in Ireland, by making the same payable in British Currency.

Cap. 68. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Stamp Duties in Ireland.

Cap. 69. An Act to amend the Laws for regulating the Linen Manufacture of Ireland.

Cap. 70. An Act to enable his Majesty to authorize the Exportation of the Machine necessary for erecting a Mint in the Dominions of the King of Denmark.

Cap. 71. An Act to prevent the Counterfeiting of Silver Coin issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, called Dollars, and Silver Coin which may be issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland called Tokens; and to prevent the bringing into the United Kingdom, or uttering, any Counterfeit Dollars or Tokens.

Cap. 72. An Act for allowing the Sale of certain East India Prize Goods in the Port of Liverpool.

Cap. 73. An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain to issue Exchequer Bills on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four.

Cap. 74. An Act for establishing and maintaining a permanent additional Force to be raised in Ireland, for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting his Majesty's Regular Forces.

Cap. 75. An Act for enabling Subjects of Foreign States to enlist as Soldiers in his Majesty's Service, and for enabling his Majesty to grant Commissions to Subjects of Foreign States to serve as Officers or as Engineers, under certain Restrictions; and to indemnify all Persons who may have advised his Majesty to enlist any such Soldiers, or grant any such Commissions as aforesaid.

Cap. 76. An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on the Viscountess Kilwarden, and on the Family of the late Arthur Lord Viscount Kilwarden.

Cap. 77. An Act to render valid certain Marriages solemnized in certain Churches and publick Chapels in which Banns had not usually been published before or at the Time of passing an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the better preventing of clandestine Marriages.

Cap. 78. An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Lands and Hereditaments, situate at Weedon Beck in the County of Northampton, purchased in pursuance of an Act, made in the forty-third Year of his present Majesty, for erecting Buildings thereon for the Service of his Majesty's Ordnance.

Cap. 79. An Act to vest certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in Trustees for better securing his Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Chatham, and for the Use of his Majesty's Ordnance at Warley Common and Woolwich.

Cap. 80. An Act for the better Support of his Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of the United Kingdom; and for preventing Accumulation of Arrears in the Payments out of the Civil List Revenues.

Cap. 81. An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of two Millions five hundred thousand Pounds for the Use and Purposes therein mentioned. J

Cap. 82. An Act to obviate certain Inconveniencies which have been experienced in the Accountant General's Office in the Court of Chancery, in the Execution of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices.

Cap. 83. An Act for regulating the Appointment of Commissioners to act in the Execution of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for granting to his Majesty a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices.

Cap. 84. An Act to permit certain Persons in the Office of Ordnance, and the Quarter Master General, to send and receive Letters free from the Duty of Postage; and to enable the Board of Ordnance, the Adjutant General, the Quarter Master General, and the Barrack Master General, to authorize Persons in their Offices to send Letters free from the said Duty.

Cap. 85. An Act for further continuing, for seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the twelfth Year of his present Majesty, for encouraging the Manufacture of Leather by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate.

Cap. 86. An Act for reviving, amending, and further continuing several Laws relating to the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries, until the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and six; and to the Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man, to the improving the Revenue thereof, and the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling to and from the said Island, until the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and five.

Cap. 87. An Act to amend an Act passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for settling Disputes that may arise between Masters and Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture in that Part of Great Britain called England.

Cap. 88. An Act for explaining and amending several Acts relating to Hackney Coaches employed as Stage Coaches, and for indemnifying the Owners of Hackney Coaches who have omitted to take out Licences, pursuant to an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty.

Cap. 89. An Act for confirming the Provisions of an Act, made in Ireland in the thirty-second Year of his present Majesty, so far as the same prohibits the Import of Malt into Ireland; and for repealing the Power given to the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland, by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, prohibiting the Use of Oats and Oatmeal in the Distillation of Spirits in Ireland.

Cap. 90. An Act to continue, until seven Years after the passing thereof and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Execution of the Law and Preservation of the Peace within Counties at large.

Cap. 91. An Act to permit the Issue and Negociation of certain Promissory Notes, under a limited Sum, by registered Bankers in Ireland; and to restrain the Issue and Negociation of certain other Notes.

Cap. 92. An Act to render more easy the apprehending, and bringing to Trial, Offenders escaping from one Part of the United Kingdom to the other, and also from one County to another.

Cap. 93. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money, to be raised by Lotteries.

Cap. 94. An Act to explain an Act of the present Session of Parliament, for consolidating and amending the Provisions of the several Acts relating to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great Britain, so far as respects the accounting for Monies received by Volunteer Officers,

Cap. 95. An Act to amend certain of the Provisions of an Act, made in the forty-third Year of his present Majesty, to enable his Majesty to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm, which respect the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments for the publick Service.

Cap. 96. An Act to alter, amend, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for establishing and maintaining a permanent additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting his Majesty's Regular Forces; and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia of England; so far as the same relates to the City of London.

Cap. 97. An Act for raising the Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds Irish Currency, by Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four.

Cap. 98. An Act to repeal the several Duties under the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, in Great Britain, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 99. An Act for granting additional Annuities to the Proprietors of Stock created by two Acts, passed in the thirty-seventh and forty-second Years of his present Majesty.

Cap. 100. An Act for warehousing Goods within the Limits of certain Docks made under an Act passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Year of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue within the Port of London; and to make Regulations relating to the said Docks.

Cap. 101. An Act for permitting, until the first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and seven, the Exportation of Salt from the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, the Port of Exuma, and the Port of Crooked Island, in the Bahama Islands, in Ships belonging to the Inhabitants of the United States of America, and coming in Ballast.

Cap. 102. An Act for the more effectual Administration of Justice in those Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England and Ireland, by the issuing of Writs of Habeas Corpus ad testficandum, in certain Cases.

Cap. 103. An Act for making further Regulations for the better Collection and Security of his Majesty's Revenue of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein.

Cap. 104. An Act to permit, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, the warehousing of Spirits in Ireland for Exportation; for charging a Duty on the same when taken out for Home Consumption; and to regulate the Exportation to Great Britain of such Spirits as shall not be warehoused.

Cap. 105. An Act to continue, until the twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and five, several Acts for the better Collection and Security of his Majesty's Revenue in Ireland; and for preventing Frauds therein. 224.

Cap. 106. An Act for appointing, until the first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and five, Commissioners to inquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are or have heen lately received in the several publick Offices in Ireland therein mentioned; to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the same; and into the present Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for publick Money in Ireland.

Cap. 107. An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Lands and Hereditaments, situate at Woolwich and Charlton in the County of Kent, purchased in pursuance of three several Acts of Parliament, made in the forty-second and forty-third Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for promoting the Service of his Majesty's Ordnance.

Cap. 108. An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors.

Cap. 109. An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Bounties and Duties payable thereon.

Cap. 110. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

A TABLE of the STATUTES

LOCAL and PERSONAL ACTS,

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

---

1. FOR keeping in repair the roads leading from Saint Dunstan's Cross to North Lone, near to the city of Canterbury, and to the seaside at in the county of Kent.

2. For raising a further sum of money for carrying into execution an act passed in the fortieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making wet docks, basons, cuts, and other works, for the greater accommodation and security of shipping, commerce, and revenue, within the port of London.

3. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two acts, passed in the fourth and twenty-fourth years of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the road from bramcole Odd

in the county of Nottingham, to the cross pod upon Smalley Common, in the county of Derby; and other roads therein mentioned.

4. To continue and amend an act passed in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from the Trent Bridge, in the county of the town of Nottingham to Cotes Bridge, in the county of Leitefter.

5. For continuing the term, and enlarging the powers, of two alts, passed in the second and fifth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Mullen*t Pond, in the county of Southampton, to the eighteen mile stone from the city of Salisbury, and several other roads in the said acts mentioned.

6. To enable John Boydell esquire, one of the aldermen of the city of London, and Josiah Boydell, his nephew and partner, to dispose of their collection of paintings, drawings, and engravings, together with their leasehold premises in Pall Mad, called The Shakspeare Gallery, by way of chance.

7. For raising a further sum of money for carrying into execution an act passed in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating the port of London; and another ad pasted in the forty-second year of the said reign, to alter and amend the first mentioned act,

8. For paving the footways and crosspaths, and for cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the streets and other publick passages and places, within the borough of St. Alban, in the county of Hertford.

9.For enabling the company of proprietors of the Rochdale Canal more effectually to provide for the discharge of their debts, and to complete the whole of the worlds to be executed by

[Locals Per final9 to be judicially noticed) 44 GEO. III.

bf them, in pursuance of the several ad's passed for making and maintaining the said^anal.

10. For continuing the term, and enlarging and altering the powers, of two a£h, made in the second and twenty-second years of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Ashborne in the county of Derby, to Leek in the county of Stafford, and from Ryecroft Gate upon Rushton Common, to Congleton in the county of defter.

11. To alter and amend two acts, passed in the nineteenth and thirty-fifth years of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads from Wigan to Prefion, in the county palatine of £j*-cejier.

12. For enlarging the term and powers of two acts, made in the third and twenty-third years of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from the town of Stafford to Sandon in the county of Stafford, and several other roads in the counties of Salop and Stafford\ so far as the same relate to the third district of roads therein mentioned.

13. For continuing the term and altering the powers of two acts, of the twenty-eighth year of King George the Second, and the twenty-seventh year or his present Majesty, so far as relate to the roads from the Hand and Post at the top of Burford Lane, in the county of Gleucester, to Stow on the Wold, and from thence to Paddle Brook; and from the Cross Hands on Salford HilL, in the county of Oxford, to the Hand and Post in the parish of With'mgtm, in the county of Gloucester.

14. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two acts, passed for repairing the roads from a place called LittUgate, at the top of Leadenham Hill, in the county of Lincoln, to the west end of Barnby Gate, in Nnuark-upon-Trent, and from the guide post, at the division of Kelham and Mujkbam lanes, to Mamfield, and from Southwell to Oxton, in the county of Nottingham \ and for repairing the road from the west side of Newark Bridge, to the said guide post.

15. For draining and improving certain fen lands and low grounds, within the parishes of Rapifey and Bury, in the county of Huntingdon.

16. For the better amending and repairing of the roads leading from the lower market-house in Tavistock, to Old Town Gate, in the borough of Plymouth, and from Manadon Gate to the Old Pound near Plymouth Dock, in the county of Devon.

17. To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two acts, passed for amending the road from the north gate of the city of IPinchester, over Worthy Cowdown, to Newtown River, and also the road from Worthy Cowdown aforesaid, to the turnpike road at Andover, in the county of Southampton.

18. To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two acts, passed for repairing and widening the roads from Whitechurch, in the county of Salop* to the road between Nant-mb, and Newcastle* under-Lyne, and from Hinjiock to Nantwich aforesaid.

A TABLE of the STATUTES

19. For paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching the streets* lanes, and other publick passages and places within the town of Milton next Sittinghome, in the county of Kent; and for remov' — ing and preventing encroachments, ©bftruflions, nuisances, and annoyances therein.

20. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two acts, of the second and twenty*third years of has present Majesty, for amending the road from Hefket by tew*f Bridge to Cockermouth, and other roads therein mentioned, in the several counties of Cumberland and Westmorland.

21. For continuing the term and enlarging the powers of so much of an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of his present Majesty, as relates to the road from Montrose to Brechin in the county of Forfar.

22. For the better defraying the charges of preferring the peace within the city of Dublin, and the district thereof, and establishing a parochial watch therein.

23. For further 'increasing the capital stock of the governor and company of the bank of Scotland.

24. For more effectually repairing and improving the road from Stockport in the county of Chester, to Saxon's Lam End, in the county palatine of Lancaster, and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Che/ler and Lancaster, and in the county of York.

25. For the better amending and repairing the road leading from a certain stone which divides the liberties of Ranton and EUenhall, in the county of Stafford, through Sutton, to the lVbit-church*turnpike road, near Newport, in the county of Salop, and several other roads in the counties of Salop and Stafford.

26. For amending, widening, improving and keeping in repair, ' the road leading from Barton Bridge in the parish of Seeks, into and through the township of Worstey, to a place called Mopes Gate, in the township of Farnworib, all in the county palatine of Lancaster.

27. For raising sn additional sum of money for carrying into execution several alts for widening the entrance into the city of London near Tempk Bar, for making a more commodious street at Snow Hilly and for raising, on the credit of the orphan's fund, certain sums of money for those purposes; and also for enlarging the powers of the said a£h.

28. To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of two alts, passed in the thirty-third year of his kte Majesty, and in the twenty-second year of his present Majesty, for amend- ing the road from Bawtry to Sheffield^ and from Sheffield to the ftmth side of IVertley, in the county of York, where it Joins the turnpike1 road leading from Rotherham to Manchester, so far as the same relates to the road from Bawtry aforesaid to Tin/ey, and through part of the town of Tinjby to the place where the1 same joins the road from Rotherham to Sheffield.

29. For enabling the company of proprietors of the Brecknock and Abergavenny canal to raise a further sum of money for completing

{Local & Personal, to be judicially noticed) 44 GEO. III.

picting the said canal, and the works thereunto belonging; and fcr altering and enlarging the powers of an act, made in the thirty-third year of his present Majesty, for making the said canal.

30. For continuing the term and powers of two adlst of the third and twenty-third years of his present Majesty, so far as rc-late to the road leading f.om the town of Stafford to Sandon, in the county of Stafford, and from the said town of Stafford through and Eccleshall, to a place called Inlaws Cross, near

Wm, in the county of Salop \ and from Bridgford aforesaid, to a certain stone which divides the liberty of Ranton and Ellen-Mi in the road between BriJgford and Newport, being the first disttid of roads in the said acts mentioned.

31. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two acts, made in the second and twenty-third years of his present Majesty, for repairing the several roads leading from Qeobury Mortimer, The Cross Houses, Glavuley, and the turn-pike gate on Abberley Hill, in the counties of Salop and Worce/Ur

3a. For vetting in new trustees the estates of the right honourable Arthur Saunders'tarl of Arran, and the honourable Arthur Saunders Gore, commonly called Lord Vifount Sudley, in the counties of Wexford, Mnyo, Sligo, and Donegall, which have not been difyofed of by virtue of an act of parliament, made in Ireland in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the more effectually raising a fuffuient sum of money for iifeborging the debts and incumbrances affecting certain lands in tie emits ^Wexford, Mayo, Sligo, and Donegall, the estates of the right honourable Arthur Saunders, earl of Arran, and the honourable Atthur Saunders Gore, commonly called Lord Viscount Sudley, merit of the debts now due by them respectively, and for

: !oGng lands in the township of Leavening, in the panJh of Actions, in the eatt riding of the county of York.

34. For empowering the justices of the peace for the county of Luckier, at their general quarter sessions of the peace, to make a fair and equal county rate for the said county.

35. For enabling the company of proprietors of the Woreejtof and Birmingham canal navigation to raise money to discharge their debts, and to complete the said canal navigation, and for amending the several acts passed for making the said canal navigation.

36. To continue and render more effectual two acts, passed in the thirty-third year of his late Majesty, and the twenty, tecoud year of his present Majesty, for laying a duty of two pen*, me* Scots, or one sixth part of a penny rterling, on every Scots pint of ale or beer brewed for sale or vended within the town and parish of Dalkeith; for paving, cleaning, and lighting the streeqi of the said town; and for erecting a new publick market therein.

37. For altering and enlarging the term and powers of an all, made in the forty-second year of his present Majesty, for making, maintaining, watching, lighting, and watering several roads tp

A TABLE of the STATUTES

communicate with the West India docks, in the Iste of Dogs* _ ii the county of Middlesex\ and also, of several acts for repairing the Cannon Street Road* in the said county; and also, for malcingj maintaining, watching, lighting, and watering a new brand* t< communicate with the East India docks,

38. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of*n ad, passed for repairing the road from the town oJ Brecon through the town of /fay, to the Builth and Hay turnpike road near Llyfwen, in the county of Brecon; and for more effectually repairing the road leading from the Furnace turnpike gate to the gate leading to Garthbrengy Common, in the said county.

39. To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of two acts, passed for repairing the roads from the town of Brecon to the parish of Brobury, and to Whitney Passage, in the county of Hereford, so far as relates to such of the roads, comprised in the said acts, as lie in the county of Hereford.

40. For amending and keeping in repair the road. from the Dudley turnpike road, near the house called The Swan Inn* in the parish of West Bromwich, in the county of Stafford, to the house called The Horse and Jockey* in the parish of Sutton Coldfield, in the county of Warwick

41. For vesting in John Henry Maw, esquire, in fee simple, certain estates comprised in an act of parliament, of the forty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for vesting the settled estates of John Henry Maw, of Warmsworth, in the county of York, esquire, in trustees to be sold* and for laying out the clear monies thence arising* under the direction of the court of chancery* in the parchase of other estates* to be settled in lieu thereof* and to the same uses\ and for, by the present act, settling a fee simple estate of him the said John Henry Maw, of greater value, to the uses of the will of Dorothy Shawe, deceased, in lieu of the said first-mentioned estates.

42. For inclosing lands in the manor and parish of Haddifece, in the county of Norfolk.

43. For continuing the term of an act passed in the twenty-third year of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Wetherby to Knaresborough, in the county of York.

44. To enable the right honourable George Talbot, lord Dynevor* and other psrfons, claiming under the will of the late right honourable Cecil baroness Dynevor, to grant building leases of certain lands in the parish of Merthyr Tydvtl, in the county of Glamorgan, being part of the estates devised by the said will.

45. For the better regulating and improving the fisheries in the arm of the sea between the county of Cumberland, and the counties of Dumfries and Wigton, and the stewartry of Kirkcudbright, and also the fisheries in the several streams and waters which run into, or communicate with the said arm of the sea.

46. For enabling the company of proprietors of the Thames and Medway canal to vary the line of the said canal, and to raise a further sum of money for completing the said canal, and the works thereunto belonging, and for altering and enlarging the powers

(Local & Personal\ to be judicially noticed) 43 GEO. III.

powers of an aS, made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making the said canal, and a collateral cut thereto.

47. For the better governing, maintaining, and employing the poor of the parish of Saint Pancras, in the county of Middlesex, for providing a new workhouse for the use of the said parish, for appointing collectors of the rates, and for other purposes therein mentioned*

48. To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the power of two acts, passed in the seventh and twenty fourth years of his present Majesty, for the amending, repairing, and widening several roads in the counties of Radnor and Hereford, in the said acts mentioned, and also for amending, widening, repairing, and diverting other roads in the said county of Radnor.

49. For more effectually amending the road leading from the New Wall, on the Parade, in the township of CaJlletony in the parish of Rochdale, through Middleton % to the Mere Stone, in the town ship of Great Heaton, and to the town of Manchester % all in the county palatine of Lancaster.

50. For repairing, improving, maintaining, and widening, the road branching out of the great north road by the guide-post at the south end of 8pittiegate> in the parish of Grantham, in the county of Lincoln, and leading from thence to the turnpike-road at or near Bridge Endy in the same county.

51. For altering and amending feverel acte, for making and repairing turnpike roads, in the county of Haddington; for amending other roads branching therefrom; and for rendering more effectual the statute labour within the said county.

52. For altering, amending, and consolidating several acts, for making and repairing turnpike roads, in the counties of Rttfrew, Lanark, and 4yr\ repairing other roads branching therefrom; and amending an act passed in the thirty-second

Cof his present Majesty, for making effectual the statutp ar in the county of Renfrew.

53. For better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the streets, lanes, and other public^ passages and places, within the parish of Saint Nicholas Deptford, in the county of Kent % and for removing and preventing encroachments, obstructions, nuHances, and annoyances therein.

54. To enable the company of proprietors of the Ellefmtrt canal to mAc a railway from Ruabon Brook to the Ellefmero canal, at or near the aqueduct at Pontcyfylltee, in the parish of IkngoBenj in the county of Denbigh; and also, to make several cots of feeders for tetter fopfdying the said canal with water.

55. For making and maintaining a railway or tramroaJ from fee town of Swansea % into the parish of Oyjlfrmouth % in the county of Glamorgan.

56. For amending and enlarging jtbe powers of two acts; paScd for.prefcrying the harbour of Swansea, in the county of Glamorgan % and -for farther improving the same.

57. Tor moee equally and cfte&iurily assessing and coRe&ting Vot.XLV. c Ac

A TABLE of the STATUTES the poor rates within the parish of Saint Mary Stratford Bow» in the county of Middlesex.

58. For lighting the streets, lanes, and other publick passages and places, within the city of CarliJU, in the county of Cumber-land\ and the suburbs of the said city; for paving the foot-paths of the streets of the said city and suburbs; and for otherwise improving the said city.

59. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two acts, passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty, and the nineteenth year pt the reign of his present Majesty, for amending the roads leading from the west end of Upton Bridge, in the county of Worcester, to the parish of Tirley, in the county of Gloucester % and other roads in the said acts mentioned; and for amending the road leading from the White Crofiy in the parish of Hanley Castle, in the said county, to the river Severn.

60. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two acts, passed in the first and twenty-second years of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Appleby to Kirkby Kendal, and from Highgate to Market Broughf all in the county of Westmorland.

61. For reviving, continuing, and enlarging the powers of two acts, passed for amending the road leading from Pengate, in the parish of Westbury, to Latcbett't Bridge, near the east end of Market Laving ton, and other roads in the said acts described, all in the county of Wilts % so far as the said acts relate to the roads comprised in the second district therein mentioned.

62. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an act, of the twenty-second year of his present Majesty, for amending the road leading from the JVtlUrsley turnpike road, near Parton, to Monkland Mill, and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Hereford and Worcester.

63. For enlarging the term and powers of two acts, of the fifth and twenty-sixth years of his present Majesty* for amending the road from the north end of Old Malton Gate, in the town and borough of New Malton^ to the town of Pickerings in the county of York.

64. For reviving the term, and continuing, altering, and enlarging the powers of two acts, passed in the thirty-second year of his late Majesty, and in the third year of his present Majesty, so far as the same relate to repairing and widening the road from the town of Derby to the town of Uttoxetery in the county of Stafford*

65. For repealing an act passed in the forty-third year of his present Majesty, intituled An act for continuing the terms and consolidating into one aft, federal acts relating to the road from Glasgow to Red burn Bridge, and for making and repairing the road therein mentioned, and for granting nther powers for the amendment and repair of the said roads.

66. To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two acts, of, the twenty-eighth year of King George the Second,

[Local W PersonaL to be judicially noticed) 44 GEO. III.

and Che nineteenth year of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Markit Harborough, in the county of Lei-tester* to the city of Coventry.

67. For amending, widening, altering, and improving, the road leading from the market-place in Cromferd to the Five-Lane-Ends at the guide pod on Hoptin Moor, and for setting out and making two new roads branching from the said road, one up the valley, by Grange Mills to Newhaven House, and the other from near the said valley to the town of lVtrkfaorth, all in the county of Derby.

48. To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of fa much of two acts, passed in the eighth and twenty-ninth years of his present Majesty, as relates to the road from the dry of York to the top of Oswaldkirk bank, in the county of York.

6a. For more effectually improving the road from Chippenham Bridge^ in the county of Wihs9 to the top of Togg Hill, in the county of Gloucester, and several other roads therein mentioned, in the said counties, and in the county of SomerfeU

70. To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of several acts passed for repairing the road from Cambridge to Ely* and from Ely to Littleport9 and from Littleport to Checquer Corner in Downbam, in the several counties of Cambridge and Norfolk) and other roads in the said acts mentioned j and for more effectually amending, improving, and keeping in repair certain other roads.

72. For enabling the executors and trustees of the will of Thomas Qtreton esquire, to carry into execution certain agreements entered into by John Gureton esquire, his fdn, for the file of an estate called Prodoey in the county of Salop % and for the purchase of an estate called The Hurst, in the same county.

72. For enclosing lands within the several manors or townships of Normanton and Woodhouse9 otherwise Newland cum Woodhouse Moor, in the west riding of the county of York.

73. For inclosing lands in the parish of Simonburn, in the county of Northumberland.

74. For inclosing lands in the manner of Long Martin*, in the county of Westmorland, and also the common stinted pasture called MartinParh9 within the said manor and county.

75. For attefiing the proprietors of lands in the county of Inverness towards the expence of making and supporting such roads and bridges therein as shall be approved of by the of appointed by an act of the last session of parliament, for making roads and building bridges in the highlands of Scotland.

76. For amending and repairing several roads leading from the Guildhall and Market-House in Yavifteck to New Bridge, to Grtflon Bridge, to Downton Gate9 to Piccard's Housey to Cherry Brook and Dunnabridge Pound, and to Morwellbam and New

all in the county of Devon.

77. For empowering the mayor and commonalty of the city of

A TABLE of the STATUTES

of Canterbury to open and make a new street from the ffigh Strut to Palace Street^ within the said city.

78. To amend an act, made in the th»rty*first year of his present Majesty, for building a bridge cross the river Thames from St ints to Egham> in the counties of Middlesex and Surrey -

79. For more effectually repairing and improving the rom<fs leading from Woodstock to Roll Right Lattes and other roads therein mentioned, all in the county of Oxford.

80. For enabling the keepers and governors of the possessiort$9 revenues, and goods, of the free grammar school of John Ly*n+

within the town of Harrow on the Hilts in the county of Middlesex, to pay the rents and profits of certain lands bequeathed by the said John Lyon, for repairing the road frofn Harrow on the Hill to Londons to the trustees a&tng in execution of the several acts for keeping the said road in repair.

81. For making and repairing certain roads in the counties of Banff's Elgin, Aberdeen^ and Inverness \ for building bridges

over the river Spey, and for regulating the making and repairing the high roads and bridges in the salt! county <6f.Banff.

82. For altering and enlarging the powers of an made in the forty-third year of his present Majesty, for establishing a free market in the city of London for the sale of coals, and for preventing frauds and impositions in the vend and delivery of act coals brought into the port of London within certain places therein mentioned.

83. For explaining and amending two &&s, passed in the tenth and eleventh years of King William the Third, and the sixth yeas of Queen Anne^ for making and keeping navigable the river Tin#, from Bridgewater to Taunton^ in the coomy of Somerset.

84. For enabling the sheriffs of the city of London to remove the debtors and prisoners in the Poultry Compter to another place of confinement in the said city.

85. For providing an additional burial ground, and erecting a chapel thereon, for the parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, hi

the County of Middlesex, and also a house for the residence of a clergyman to officiate in burying the dead.

86. For altering and amending an act passed in the sixth year of his present Majesty, for paving the streets and ianes

within the borough of Southwark, and certain parts adjacent,

- in the county of Surrey, and for cleansing, lighting, and watching, the fame? and also the courts, yards, alleys, and passages adjoining thereto, and for preventing annoyances therein, so far as the same relates to the west division thereof, as there&fiiientioned.

87. For embanking, draining, and improving, certain lands in the*city of Lincoln and county thereof, and in the parishes

or town ships of Boult ham^Skellingthorpe, Saxelbyt Broxbolmet North Carlton % South Carltons Burtcn, and Hathow, in the county of\ Lincoln i and for inclosing lands in the said parish of Sktllingthorpe.

88. For

[Local 6? PlerJonalj not printed) 44 GEO. III.

tf. For embKng the officiating minister for the time being of the chapel of Voyla.*, in the county of Denbigh, to publish banns and (olerontze marriages in the said chapel.

89. For the relief of certain incumbents of livings in the city of London*

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

i.FOR inclosing lands within the manor and parish of X1 fnSbecky in the county of Lincoln, and for making compenferion for the tithes arising within the same parish.

2. For mdofing lands within the township of Little HucUow> in the county of Verby.

3. For inclosing lands within the manor and parish of Letterings in the county of Northampton.

4* For naturalizing Paul Hanjken.

5. For inclosing lands in the parities of Portrane and Donabatts in the county of Dublin.

6. For tndofing lands in the parish of Beaminster, in the county of Dorset.

7. To enable the reverend George Golding Graves clerk, and his first and other Tons, and the heirs male of their bodies, so take, ofe, and bear the name and arms of Golding, pursuant to the will of George Golding esquire, deceased.

8. For naturalizing Henry Augustus Biedermann.

9.For naturalizing Charles William Rohrs.

10. For naturalizing Daniel Boileau.

11. For the more effectual and beneficial raising of certain sums of money decreed by the high court of chancery of Ireland to be raised out of the estates of George Montgomery esquire, a kmatick, in the counties of Cavan and Fermanagh in Ireland^ by sale of the inheritance of a competent part of the said estates.

12. For efft&aating an exchange of certain parts of the glebe land belonging to the rectory of Bradjied> in the county of Kents for certain lands, the property of the right honourable Frederick Campbells commonly called Lord Frederick Campbell, within the parish of Bradfled aforesaid.

13. For dividing and draining lands in the parishes of Sdtrffp otherwise Sawtry AH Saints, and Saltree otherwise Savotry Saint Andrews in the county of Huntingdon.

14. For inclosing lands in the hamlet of Tottington, in the parish of Leomirtflrrs in the county of Sussex.

15. For inclosing landfrin the parish of Goring % in the county of Sufex.

16. For inclosing lands in the parish of Saint Marys in or near the borough of Leicester, in the county of LcUefter.

A TABLE of the STATUTES

17. for inclosing lands in the parish of Sutton, in the county of Gloucester.

18. For inclosing lands in the manor of West Burton, in the north riding of the county of York.

19* For inclosing lands in the parishes of Thttfori Saint Petery in the county of Norfolk, and Thetford Saint Cuthbert, and Thetford Saint Marjy in the counties of Norfolk and Suffolk.

20. For inclosing lands in the parish of Gotham^ in the county of Nottingham.

21. For naturalizing Johannes Hendrik Ohrly.

22. For enabling oir Henry Paulet St. John Mildmay Baronet, and dame Jane his wife, to lease part of the settled estates in the county of EfftXy devised by the late dame Anne

Mildmay^ of Moulsham Hally in the said county.

23. r or inclosing lands within the manors of North Bradlsy and Southwick, in the parish of North BradUy % in the county of Wilts.

24. For inclosing lands in the parish of Wahomty in the County of Norfolk.

25. For inclosing lands in the parish of lien, in the county of S ilk.

2 To amend an act passed in thirty-ninth year of his present Majesty, for inclosing and leafing certain common moors and waste grounds, lying within the township of Kirkeatofiy in the west riding of the county of York, and for other purposes in the said act mentioned.

27. For inclosing lands in the manor of Aheeote and Shutting-tony in the parish of Shut ting ton, in the county of Warwick.

28. For inclosing lands in the parish of SporUy and hamlet of Palgraviy in the county of Norfolk.

29. For vesting certain estates situate in the county of Norfolk, devised by the will of Bridget Southiotty widow, deceased, in trustees, for sale, and for laying out the money arising from the sale thereof in the purchase of estates in the county of Essex, to be settled to the uses devised by the said will of the said Bridget Southcote.

30. For discharging John Fydelly late of ChtpfloWy in the county of Monmouth, but now of the city of Bristol, in the county of Some*fitty esquire, from being a trustee of the freehold eft tes of Thomas Burgesy late of Weymouth Street Portland Placey in the county of Middlesex. esquire, deceased, and for divesting the fee simple and inheritance of such parts of the same freehold estates of the said Thomas Burges % as by his will, are devised to the said John Fydelly as a trustee, out of the said John Fydelly and for investing the fee simple and inheritance of the same freehold estates in dbraham Touhnan^ esquire, as a trustee in the place and stead of the said John Fydell.

31. For more effectually maintaining, and keeping in repair, the embankments and other works on the south side of the channel of the river Dety within the manor and parish of Hawardeny in the county of Flinty and for eresting, and keeping

[Local & Personaly not printed) 44 GEO. III.

in repair, other embankments and works to prevent injury tag done, as well to the allotments of land, made, by virtue of an act passed in the eighteenth year of his present Majesty, from a certain common called Saltney Marfa as also to certain lands the property of Sir Stephen Rifbard Glynne, baronet.

32. For inclosing lands in Kingsdony in the county of $$ merfet.

33. For inclosing lands within, and belonging to, the manors and parish of Kingsutton, in the county of Northampton.

34. For inclosing lands in the parish of Keinten Mandefitldy to the county of Somerjit.

35. For inclosing lands, in the parish of Bridgham % in the county of Norfolk,

36. For inclosing lands in the township or hamlet of Chamey, in the parish of Longworthy in the county of Berks.

37. For inclosing lands in the parish of Crimplefbamy in the county of Norfolk.

38. For inclosing Shaddingfield common, in the county of Suffolk.

39. For inclosing lands within the parish of Temple Gutting y in the county of Gloucester;

40. For inclosing lands in the parish of Carlby, in the county of Lbtcoky and also certain parts of an intercommon or heath, heretofore called Aunhy Heath, within, or adjoining to, the same parish.

41. For inclosing lands in the parish, townships, or hamlets of Bringhurjly Great Eaflony and Drayton % in the county of Leicester.

42. For inclosine lands in the township or hamlet of Alvcrtcriy in the county of Nottingham.

43. For inclosing lands in the parishes of Topcroft and Den-tMy in the county of Norfolk.

44. For inclosing lands in the parishes of Binhrooke Saint Gabriel and Binhrooke Saint Mary in the county of Lincoln.

45. For inclosing lands in the parish of Ruijhpy otherwise Rfelipy in the county of Middlesex.

46^ For inclosing lands in the hamlet of Maruay in the ille of Eljy and county of Cambridge.

47. For inclosing lands in the manor and township of Whit-woody in the parish of Featherjloney in the west riding of the county of York.

48. For inclosing lands in the lordships of Great Gonerby and hbnthorpe cum Little G oner by % in the county of Lincoln.

49. For inclosing lands in the township of Roujby, and hamlets of Hither and Far Scaling, in the parish of Hinderwcliy in the county of York.

50. For inclosing lands in the parish of Romsey Extray in the Couoty of Southampton.

51. For inclosing lands in the parish of lf/on9 in the county of Berks.

5a. For naturalizing Michael Verleke.

53. For

TABLE of the STATUTES, 44 GEO. III.

"53. For naturalizingChri/lian Henry Kauffmartn.

54. For naturalizing Samuel Levi Phillips.

55. For inclosing lands in the parish of Great Totbam, in the County of Essex

56. For inclosing lands in the manor of Netberdale % in the

West riding of York.

57. For inclosing lands in the parish of Saint Andrew duck*

land, in the county of Durham.

58. For inclosing lands within the township or' tbwnflrips of AmpUforth and Oswaldkirk, in the county of York.

59. For inclosing lands in the parish of Arfty, in the County! of Bedford.

60. For effecting the sale of a freehold messuage, with the fends thereto belonging, situate at Southampton, whereof Sophia Ricketts, widow of George Poyntz Ricketts, esquire, is tenant for life, and for inverting the purchase monies of the shares which stand limited to the infant children of the said George Poyntz Ricketts, and Sophia his wife, in remainder, in fee ftmpJe, in some other real estate, to be settled in lieu of such shares, and to the same uses.

61 For inclosing lands in the parish of Aftwici^ in the county of Bedford.

62. For naturalizing James Fagel.

63. For altering and amending an act of parliament, passed in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for enabling the lord bishop of London to grant a lease, with powers of renewal, of lands in the parish of Paddington, in the county of Middlesex, for thepurfofe of building upon; and for granting further powers, the better to carry into execution the purposes of the said act.

64. For inclosing lands in the parish of Brington, in the county of Huntingdon.

65. For inclosing lands in the parish of Great Staughton, in the county of Huntingdon.

66. For inclosing lands in the parishes of Hogjlborpe and Mumby cum Chapol % in the county of Lincoln

67. For inclosing lands in the parish of tJKp % in the county of Oxford.

68. To drflblvethe marriage of Robert Ytghe, esquire, with Esther Tigbe, his now wife, and Co enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

*69. For naturalizing Christopher Gerock.

70. For naturalizing Bernard Uhde.

71. For naturalizing John Frederick Veithtntr.

72. For naturalizing Joseph Charles Leon &e Boubiede Brouquens an infant.

THE

STATUTES at Large, 8cc,

Anno regni GEORGII III. Britanniarutib Regis> quadragesimo

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the Sixteenth November, Anno

Domini 1802, in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the by the

Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith j and from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the

Twenty-Second Day of November 1803; being the Stand Session of the Second Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

CAP. I.

An act to continue, until months after the ratification of a definitive, treaty of peace* the ceftri&ions contained in several act9 made in the YIMy»4mttth» thirty-eighth, forty-second, and forty-third years of the regn of Jua present Majesty, on payments of cash by the bank of England.

[December 15, 1803.]

CAP. I.

An act for granting to his Majffij the sum of eight for tbt present relief of certainturatet in England.

[December 15, 1803.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain and Ireland, having granted to your Majesty the sum of eight thousand pounds, for the prefen t relief Vot. XLV, B of

of such curates as may bt deprived of their cures on account of the residence of incumbents, which may take place in consequence of an act passed in the last session of parliament, for promoting the residence of the parochial clergy; do most humbly, beseech you*, Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present 8, 000/ to be parliament aftmbled, and by the authority of the same, Thatj issued but of by or out of such monies as shall be and remain in the receipt of the exchequer of Great Britain, of the Turpi us of the Consolidated t^veraore ^un<^» after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such sum or of Queen Turns of money as have been directed by any former act or acts of Anne's boun- parliament to be paid out of the same, there shall and may be ty for the issued, any sum or sums of money not exceeding eight thousand Mt^rdepHrcd Pounds, to such perfoaor persons as^he governors of the bounty of their cures, of Q^ieen Anne shall appoint to receive the same, to be&pplied by the said governors for the relief of such curates as may be deprived of their cures on account of the residence of incumbents, which may take place in consequence of the said act; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury now or for the time being, or, any three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, are or is hereby authorised and empowered to issue the same accordingly.

Curates to

IL. Provided always, That no curate shall be entitled to, or TOcommrada- rccc*vc any allowance under this act, who shall not produce to tion from the governors a proper recommendation from the bishop of

bishop of the thediocefe wherein the cure for the deprivation of which he claims diocese. relief, shall be situated; and that no allowance to be made to any such curate shall exceed three-fourth parts of the income which Account of such curate shall have derived from his cure: provided also, that the applies- the said governors shall, and they are hereby required, oti or Ticy tobelaidT before*7 oi January one thousand eight hundred and

before the five, to lay or cause to be laid before his Majesty's most honour-piivy council, able privy council an account of the application of the said sum of eight thousand pounds, or any part thereof.

CAP. III.

An act to regulate the bonds issued by the East India company, with respect to the rate of interest, and the duty payable thereon.

[December, 15, 1803.]

WHEREAS it is just and expedient j that the mode in which the duty V V.imposed by virtue of an aitpassed in the last session of parliament, 43 Geo. 3. intituled An act for granting to his Majesty, until thfe sixth day of

c. m. Jaay next after the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, a

contribution on the profits arising from property, prosessions, trades, and offices, in respect of the interest of the bonds issued or to be issued by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, should be assessed and paidy should be regulated as herein after is mentioned \ and that the said united company should be enabled^ tc pay and allow for money raised on their bends, any interest not exceeding

1.

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 3.

ceding such rate of interest as may bt allowed on any exchequer bills ified or to be issued at the same time, by virtue of atiy aft or aftt of parliament: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth day From April y, ' of April one thousand eight hundred and four, the duty imposed804, the duty by the said act of parliament, in respect of the interest paid or ^5etm payable for money raised or to be raised on the bonds of the said respect cf united company, shall be returned, assessed upon, and paid, by the interest pay-fcoUets or owners of such bonds respectively, who shall be liable °P to make such returns thereof in such manner as is directed by (hal^be^aid the sixth case in the schedule marked (D.) contained in the said by the holders ad; and that all the clauses, provisions, directions, exemptions, who are liable forfeitures, and penalties in the said act contained, in any way |° ma!cc relating to "the duty to be assessed, as in the sixth case mentioned manner di^ in the said schedule (D.) shall, from and after the said fifth daye6ted by the of April one thousand eight hundred and four, as far as the same sixth case in are respectively applicable, be of full for Ce and effect with relation the to the duty in re(ped of the interest of the bonds of the said united of recited act. company, and shall be applied and put in execution for the aflef-sing, levying, raising, collecting, and paying the same; and the No return to said united company, and their officers, mall, from and after the J*"}*

said fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and four, be company of*

and are hereby acquitted and discharged from including in the such bonds,

return of their profits under the said act, the amount of interest

payable on the said bonds, and from paying the duty thereon, and,

from retaining and deduChng the said duty out of the said interest;

any thing in the said act contained to the contrary thereof in any-

wise notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, who may pay That the said united company shall be at liberty, if their court of Jhc h^ldef8 directors shall see fit, to pay to the holders and owners of the [^e interest, bonds issued by therm, the full amount of the interest due and tp without mak-grow due thereon, without making any deduction of the duty ing any de-growing due in respect of such interest at any time previous to duttion of the the said fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and four, butdut^ &c' in that case the said united company shall account for and pay the amount of such duty out of their proper funds, and they shall be at liberty to charge the same amongst their ordinary outgoings^ any thing in the said act or acts of parliament to the contrary thereof in anyways notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That East India it shall and iriay'be lawful to and for the said united company, company with the approbation and consent of the board of of pay^c same for the affairs of India for the time being, from time to time, to interest as ia pay and allow interest on the money heretofore raised on the allowed on bonds of the said company, and which are now outstanding, and?hequer aff<? on money to be raised on any bonds which the said united bl 8*

h 2'company

company may lawfully issue, at and after such rate not exceeding such rate of interest as may be allowed on any exchequer bills issued or to be issued at the faine time by virtue of any act or acts of parliament, a? the said united company, with such consent as aforesaid, shall in their discretion fee fit; and all bonds and instruments for securing the inoney raised thereon, shall be valid and effectuaU and no person or persons taking, accepting, or receiving such interest, shall be therefore liable to any penalty or forfeiture whatsoever; any law, statute, or usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Not restrained

IV. Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be from allowing construed to extend to retrain the said united company from legal interest. assovving at any legal interest on such bonds.

CAP. IV.

An act to continue farerallaws relating to the suspending the operation of two a&t of the fifteenth and seventeenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for restraining the negociation of protaifloiy notes and bill# of exchange under a limited sum in England $ ancf to the prohibiting the exportation from and permitting the importation to Great Britain of com; and for allowing the importation of other articles of provision without payment of duty, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand tight hundred and five; and to the regulating the trade and commerce to and from the iue of Malta, until six months after the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace.

[ December 15, 1803.]

Ad 37 Geo. 3. c. 31. farther. continued to Match5, 1805. Ad 39 Geo. 3. c. 87. further continued to March 15, 1805. Ad 41 Geo. 3. c. 103. further Continued Until six months after the ratification of a definitive treaty.

CAP. V.

An oH to continue until the twenty fifth day of March one thousanfi eight hundred and five, an act passed in the last session of parliament, for discontinuing certain drawbacks and bounties on the exportation of sugar from CJreajt Britain, and for allowing other drawbacks and bounties in lieu thereof — [December 15, 1803.]

43 Geo. 3. c.z 1

The drawbacks and bounties in the schedule of the recited fetitftiallbe 1 Mhri*-

WHEREAS an an passed in the last session of parliament, /Vr-tituled % An act for discontinuing certain drawbacks and bounties on the exportation of sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing Other drawbacks and bounties in lieu thereof, until the fifteenth day of January> one thousand eight hundred and four: and whereas it is expedient that the drawbacks and bounties allowed by the said recited an should be continued: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the aii* thority of the same, That the several drawbacks and bounties in the schedule to the said recited act annexed shall be paid and allowed in like manner in every respeli and subject to and under and according to the like rules, regulations, reftrlHions, penalties, and forfeitures, (except whtre any alteration is' made by

1 this

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c.

ffris aft), as any drawbacks or bounties were paid or allowed tofore, (except before the paiEng of the said recited act or this act.

II. And be it further enacted, That if, on the fifth day of*terw, £ January* or on the fifth day of May* or on the fifth day of Sep- men- timber* one thousand eight hundred and foi/r, or on the fifth day tinned, it

of January one thousand eight hundred and five respectively, or ap^r by any or either of the said days, it appear, by noticeji) the ?01"*, n*, London Gazette* in manner directed by an act, made in the^ttettatthe thirty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, avenge prices An act for regulating the allowance of tie drawback and payment of of brown or the bounty on the exportation of frgar* and fow permitting the importation rfsugar and coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda iftanis ^acceded in foreign pups* that the average prices of brown or Mupovada for the pre-sugar, taken in manner directed by the said last recited act, for ceding quarter the preceding quarter of the year, shall not have, exceededof: £5r CT?* seventy shillings for an hundred weighty exclusive of the duties^the°^ of customs paid or payable thereon, on the importation into drawback or Great Britain* then'and in every such case the drawback or bounty in the bounty in the schedule to the recited act of the laljl session Of schedule of parliament annexed mentioned as corresponding to or with the iToeo. 3. price of which such notice in the London Gazette shall have been c. iifeorve-given as aforesaid, shall be paid or allowed; until notice of any (ponding with other average shall be given in the London Gazette on the"e Saturday immediately preceding any other of such subsequent* P*1* &c*days; and such drawback of bounty shall be paid or allowed in like manner in every respect and subject and under and according to the like rules and regulations, restriAioris, penalties, and forfeitures, as any drawbacks and bounties were paid or allowed before the passing of the said recited act of the last session of parliament, (except as any such rules or regulations are altered by the said act); and the whole of the duty granted by an act, ftd the duty passed in the forty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, by

intituled An act for granting (p his Majesty certain duties of customs so-

ot timber* sugar* raisins* and pepper imported into* and on lead tar Imported exported from Great Britain, upon fugaf imported \x\io fGreai*>i the East- Britain by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies* and wareh9used according to law, and sold at £j^wed on the Tales of the said company after the thirtieth day of June one delivery thousand eight hundred and one, shall, upon the delivery thereof thereof out of out of the warehouse for exportation during the time of any drawbacks or bounties b^itfg paid (ft allowed under this act in*

ipfpeft of British plantation sugar, be wholly drawn back unde( such rules, regulations, restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures as any former drawbacks are paid and allowed» any thing in the said act passed in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said recited act of Continuance, tjic last session of parliament* and all the powers, provisions, of recited act authorities, regulations, ejauses, matters, and things in the said^J0*0"

contained, shall be, and the same are hereby continued, and fluU be and remain ur full force until the fifteenth day of March

company may lawfully iflxie, at am) after such rate not exceeding such rate of interest as may be allowed on any exchequer bills i&ued or to be ifilied at the fatne time by virtue of any act or a££s of parliament, a? the said united company, with such consent as aforesaid, shall in their discretion fee fit; and all bonds and instruments for securing the money raised thereon, shall be valid and effectualj and no person or persons taking, accepting, or receiving such interest, shall be therefore liable to any penalty or forfeiture whatsoever; any law, statute, or usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Not retrained

IV. Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be from allowing construed to extend to restrain the said united company from kgal interest, auovving a* any time legal interest on such bonds.

CAP. IV.

An act to continue several laws relating to the suspending the operation of two a£h of the fifteenth and seventeenth years of the reign of hit present Majesty, for rtilraining the negociation of protaiflory notes and bill* of exchange under a limited sum in England j and to the prohibiting the exportation from and permitting the importation to Great Britain of corn; and for allowing the importation of other articles of provision without payment of duty, uatjl the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five$ and to the regulating the trade and commerce to and from the ille of Malta, until six months after the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace.

[December 15, 1803.]

1 & 37 Geo. 3. c. 3*. farther continued to Match 15, 1805. Ad 39

Geo. j. c. 87. further continued to March 15, 1805. Ad 41 Geo. 3. c. 103. further Continued until six months after the ratification of a definitive treaty.

CAP. V.

An act to continui until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousanjl eight hundred and five, an act passed in the last session of parliament, for discontinuing certain drawbacks and bounties on the exportation of sugar from CJrea; Britain, and for allowing other drawbacks and bounties in lieu thereof — [December 15, 1803.]

WHEREAS an act passed in the laji frssion of parliament, /7r-tituled, An act for discontinuing certain drawbacks and bounties on the exportation of sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other drawbacks and bounties in lieu thereof, until the fifteenth day of January one thousand eight hundred and four: and whereas it is expedient that the drawbacks and bounties allowed by the said recited act should be continued: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the ati* The draw. thority of the same, That the several drawbacks and bounties in bounties^! ^c^cc*u^e to the said recited act annexed shall be paid and the schedule allowed m like manner in every respect and subject to and under of the recited and according to the like rules, regulations, restrictions, pe-

*a shall be nalties, and forfeitures, (except whtre any alteration is made by-paid aa here-this

1Soj.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c.

this act), as any drawbacks or bounties were paid or allowed folbre, (exert* Wore the passing of the said recited act or this act. where hereby

II. And be it further enacted, That if, on the fifth day of IUrcd'

Jmtarjy or on the fifth day of Maj> or on the fifth day of Sep-

Umbtr, one thousand eight hundred and foi/r, 'or on the fifth day tioned, it shall of January one thousand eight hundred* and five respectively, or appear by any or either of the said days, it (h^ll appear, by QOticeJi) the ?0* in the hnfai Gazette, in manner directed by sin aft, made in the*thaethe tfairry.second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, average prices An eQfer regulating the allowance of tie drawback and payment of of brown or tbt burnt} on the exportation of frgary and fow permitting the im- psrutim of sugar and coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda islands {J^eried hfsrdgn Jnipf, that the-average prices of brown or Mufwaio for the pre-fsgar, taken in manner directed by the said lad-receited act, for ceding quarter the preceding quarter of the year, shall not have, exceeded kreoty shillings for an bundled weight* exclusive of the duties t * of customs paid or payable thereon, on the importation into drawback or Great Britain* then and in every such case the drawback orbouDty in the bounty in the schedule to the recited act of the laljl session of Jj-tedul* of parliament annexed mentioned as corresponding to or with the aa^ Geo. t. price of which such notice in the London Gazette shall have been e. iif com-given as aforesaid, shall be paid or allowed, until notice of any flooding with other average shall be given in tire London Gazette on Saturday immediately preceding any other of such subsequent " days; and such drawback of bounty shall be paid or allowed in like manner in every respect and subject and under and according to the like rules and regulations, restrtdboris, penalties, and forfeitures, as any drawbacks and bounties were paid or allowed before the passing of the said recited act of the Uft session of parliament, (except as any such rules or regulations are altered by the hid aft: ); and the whole of the duty granted by an act, and the duty passed in the sorry-Srft year of the reign of his present May eft J, intituled An act for granting to his Mojfft certain duties of customs m timbify sugary raifmsy and pepper imported into, and on lead gar imported exported from Great Britain, upon fugaf imported into jQreaivy the East-Britain by the linited company of merchants of England trading to the Eoji Indies, and warehtpufed according to law, and Md at w C

the (ales of the said company after the thirtieth day of June one delivery thousand eight hundred and one, shall, upon the delivery thereof thereof out of out of the warehouse for exportation during the time of any waleh^/OT drawbacks or bounties bqufg paid dr allowed under this act in cx, JOr*respect of British plantation sugar, be wholly drawn back unde( such rules, regulations, restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures as any former drawbacks are paid and allowed; any thing in the said act passed in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said recked act of Contimwnee. \bt last session of parliament, and all the powers, provisiona, of recg* authorities, regulations, ejauses, matters, and things in the said

itit contained, shall he, and the same are hereby continued, and

gull be and remain ixrfull force until the fifteenth day of Mar it - pnq

G, Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 6 — io.

[1803.

one thousand eight hundred and five for the port of London, and until the twenty-fifth dsfy of March one thousand eight hundred and five for other parts of Great Britain; and that this act may be altered, varied, or repealed by any alt or alls to be passed in this present session of parliament.

CAP. VI.

An act for suspending, until the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and four, the operation of an act, made in the last session of parliament, to continue and amend two alts, made in the parliament of Ireland, for restraining the negociation of promissory notes and inland bills of exchange, under a limited lum, within Ireland.

[December 15, 1803.]

Alt 43 Geo. 3. c. 87. recited. Recited a St so far as respects notes of less value than $L y. issued in Ireland after Jan. x, 1804, &c. suspended until Aug. x, 1 $04*

CAP. VII.

An act to indemnify such persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and for extending, the times limited for those purposes respectively, until the twenty-fifth

day of December one thousand eight hundred and four; and to permit such persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attorneys and solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the first day of Michaelmas term one thousand eight hundred and four.

[December ij$ 1803.]

CAP. VIII.

An act to continue, until six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament, an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to empower the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, to apprehend and detain such persons as he or they shall suspect for conspinng against his Majesty's person and government, until six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament.

[December 15, 1893.]

CAP. ix.

An act to pontipue, until six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament, /in alt passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for the suppression of rebellion in Ireland, and for the proteltion of the persons and property of his Majesty's faithful fu^jclts there, to continue in force until six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament.

[December 13, 1803.]

CAP. X.

4n ail to continue until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five, several acts of the firiyfirst^ forty second, and forty-third yean of his present Majesty's reign, for regulating the drawbacks and bounties on the exportation of sugar from Ireland.

[December 15, 1803.]

WHEREAS an aSl was made in the forty+first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for regulating, until 41UC0.3.^twentieth day of May one thousand eight hundred and two,

wMK the

i&>3.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 10. 7

the allowance of drawback on the exportation from Ireland of

British plantation sugar, and for allowing certain drawbacks on

sugar exported from Ireland*, abd foe allowing British plantation

fogar to be warehoused in Ireland: and whereas an act was made

in the ferty-second year of the reign iff his present Majesty, to continue 4* Gea 3.

and amend the said recited act of the forty-first year aforesaid: andct 6o#

whereas an all was made in the forty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for discontinuing certain draw- 43 Geo. 3*

backs and bounties on the exportation of sugar from Ireland\c17'

and for allowing, until the fifteenth day of January one thousand eight hundred and four, other drawbacks and bounties instead

thereof: and whereas it is expedient that the said recited acts Should

ht tsntinoed in manner herein mentioned; be ic therefore enabled by the King's tnoft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and

coofent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said recited act of the forty-first year, so far as Recited acts,

the same is not altered by the said recited acts of the forty-second where not si-

and forty-third years, and also the said recited act of the forty- tS?0*-

second year, so far as the same is not, altered by the Aid recited March to,

act of the forty-third year, and also the said recited act of the 1805, for the forty-third year, shall be, and the same are hereby continued, port of Dnb-

until the twentieth day of March one thousand eight hundred tlU

and five for the portjof Dublin, and until the twenty-fifth day of for other

March one thousoitd eight hundred and five for the other ports ports of Ire-

of Ireland. land.

II. And be it further enacted, That if, in the first publication If, at certain of the Dublin Gazette, pursuant to the said recited acts of the forty-Srft and forty-third years, after the arrival in Dublin of the Sa-Lendon Gazettet containing the average price of brown or Muf- zette, that the made sugar for the quarter of a year preceding the fifth day of average price January, the fifth day of May, or the fifth day of September one^brown or thousand eight hundred and four, or the fifth day of January shall not one thousand eight hundred and five respectively, or any or either have exceeded of the said days, ascertained and taken in manner prescribed by 70s. per cwt. law in Great Britain, it shall appear that the average price of !jx such sugar so ascertained and taken for the preceding quarter of ^cr the year shall not have exceeded sevenry shillings sterling for an bounty in the hundred weight, exclusive of the duties of customs paid or pay- schedulean-able thereon on the importation thereof, then, and in every such ncx<Ld to case, the drawback or bounty in the schedule to the said recited ^rre-act of the forty-third year annexed, mentioned as corresponding (bonding with to or with the price, of which such notice in the Dublin Gazette such price in shall have been given as aforesaid, shall be paid or allowed,

(except on exportation to Great Britain), until notice published be pai, in the London Gazette of the average price for the quarter of a year preceding any other of such subsequent days shall be given in the Dublin Gaz»tte\ and such drawback or bounty shall be

paid or allowed in like manner in every respect, and subject and under, and according to the like rules, regulations, restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, as any drawbacks and bounties were pid or allowed before the passing this act,

III. Ana

1

8 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii

III. And be it further enacted, That this act may be varied, veSedthis* a*lore<*> or repealed, by any act orafts to be passed in the pte- i sent session of parliaments

CAP. XI.

gfii a(l for enabling the lord-l or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, ta prohibit, until the twenty fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and the of

spirits from oats or oatmeal in Ireland j and for indemnifying fetch.persons as have ailed in adv ok carrying into execution pro-,

clamation of the lord-, lieutenant and council of Ireland \

biting such difiUlatiorf- — [December 15, 1803.] I

WHEREAS it is expedient that potver should he given, in manner herein mentioned, to prohibit from time to time, during the contihuante of this as it may he thought necessary, the life of oats or oatmeal in the brewing or fermenting any worts,

'or pot alt, for making or extrafling low wines or spirits in Ireland; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by I and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritua) and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and tord-Heute- by the authority of the same, That, during the continuance of proclamation (^'s a^>* shall be lawful for the lord-lieutenant or Other chief prohibit the*governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, and he and uiirof oats they is and are hereby authorised, by and with the advice of his and Mtmeal Majesty's privy council of Irelandf from time to time, and at any linn of spirits* t'mes respectively during the continuance of this'aft, as he or r they shall think fit, by proclamation, to prohibit the use of oats' and oatmeal in the brewing, making, or fermenting any worts, ' yafh, or pot ale, for making or extracting low wines or spirits in Ireland, under such regulations, limitations, and teftri&ions,

as shall be therein respectively expressed and contained} and that;

' it shall and may be lawful for the lord-lieutenant, or other chief

governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, by and with the advice of the privy council of to remove and recai such

prohibition, and at any time'to revoke and annul hny proclamation issued in pursuance of this act.

II. And be it further enacted, That, during such.time as the use of oats or oatmeal shall be prohibited in manner aforesaid, no person or ersons' shall apply, spend, confhme, or make use of,

or cauf» procure, permit, or suffer to be applied, spent, con, fohits con or made use of any ground or unground oats or oatmeal,

trary to pro- malted' of unmalted, mixed or untnixed, with any other ground'or unground corn'or grain, malted or- un malted, or any other material'for distilling, in the brewing, making, or fermenting of any worts, 'wasst, or pot ale, for making, extracting, or di/rilling low wines or spirits in Ireland', and if any person or persons shall, iconttafy to such prohibition, apply, spend, con-{time, or make use of, or cause, procure; permit, orfuffer to be applied, spent^ consumed, or made use of, any ground or un-ground oats or oatmeal malted or untpalted, mixed or unmixed,

-, 'wWl

Penalty on personft mak< ing uic of oats or oatmeal in the

hibiiion*

5

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. i

with aay other ground or unground corn or grain malted or urapahed» or any other material for distilling, in the brewing* aiaking, or fermenting of any worts, wash, or pot ale, for, making, extracting, or distilling low wines or spirits in Inland^ contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, the perform or persons fo offending shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit and lose the fuqi of two hundred pounds, and all such ground or onground oats or oatmeal, malted or pnmaired, piixed or un-mixed, with any other ground or unground corn or grain malted or uaaudud, or any other materia) for distilling together.with ail or any of fiujh mixtures, and all such worts, wa£h, or pot ale, and the bags, calks, or veflete containing the same, 0*11 be forfeited, and may be seized by any justice of the peace, or any officer of his Majesty's revenue; and upon the trial of any information for the said penalty, or any of the said forfeitures, the.defendant or defendants therein lba)l be convicted, or the oats or oatmeal, together with any mixtures, worts, waft*, pr pot aje*condemned, and the bags, calks, or vessels containing the same, unless proof shall be qude by the defendant Or dcfepd*ntf, or claimant or claimants, that there was not s*ny oats or oatmeal, ground or uoground, mixed or uomixed, contained in any mix- lures, worts, wash, or pot ale, or any part thereof, as shall be alleged in; fuph information* -.

III. And be it enacted, That if any gfopiu) o*ts ox oatmwl,

above the weight of eight stones, shall, during such piqhibhjpn* ftoncCwcfght# be found in any distillery, store, or other p_Uce thereto adjoining found in any or belonging, the same, and the bags, calks, os; vessels containing, diililkry, to the same, (halt be seized and forfeited as aforesaid, and the distifter; in whole distillery or store or other place the same shall be found^forfeit/ shall forfeit fifty jpunds* ... 5

IV. And be it further enacted, That every servant of any Penalty on distiller or maker of Jow wines or Ipiri^.and every other pprfon Irrvinw and -who shall, during such-prohibition, be aiding and assisting in thediftfllers in*0 appl>ing, spending, containing, or making use of any grpund or ufihgoats, &c. p. ground oats or oatmeal, or oaten flour, in the brewing,

making, or fermenting any4 worts, waft), or pot ale, for the making or extracting low wines or spirits, or in carrying or conveying the same into the house, ftyl house, or other place pfed by such distiller or distftlcri, maker or makers.of low wines or faints, in the brewing, making, or fermenting, fuel* wortf, wash, or pot ale, shall forfeit and lose for such. offence the sum of twenty pounds, and for the feebnd and any further offence, the (um of forty pounds; and in default of payment, of the said pe^ nalty for the first. offence imjfted Lately upon conviction, the person offending shall b % liable to suffer imprisonment in the house of correction for a /pace not exceeding six months nor less than two mouthy, and to be kept at hard labour during such imprison-mentj and in default of payment of the said penalty for the fecund or farther offence, shaft be liable to suffer/pch jrpprisonment for aay (pace of time not exceeding twelve months nor less than twBooths*.

to Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 11. [1803.

V. And whereas the lord-lieutenant and council of Ireland, by a proclamation bearing date the twelfth day of October one thousajii eight hundred and three, did prohibit all distillation from oats and oat-meal, which proclamation was for the service of the publick, andjkould'receive the sanction and confirmation of law, and all persons advising

and ailing in obedience to the same should be indemnified, be it there-Actions fore enacted, That all persona) actions land fuitsy and all indict.

M ments, informations, and all prosecutions and proceedings what-f^t^aingm f°cvcr» which have been or shall be profecured or commenced obedience6 to against any person or persons whomsoever, for or by reason of the prodama- any act, matter, or thing advised* commanded, appointed, or OA14*180 ^oncn rc^on to ^e or of any contract or agree-

for prohibit-3' ment not performed by means of or in obedience to the said pro-log the use of plantation, be and are and shall be discharged and made void by oats in distil- virtue of this act; and that every person in any wise concerned in bedT h1*1 d the said proclamation, or in anywise acting

and the per- therein or in pursuance thereof, shall be and is hereby acquitted, fanstndemni- discharged, and indemnified of and from the same; and that if fied. any action or suit shall be prosecuted or commenced against any person or persons, for any such act, matter, or thing so advised, commanded, appointed, or done, or such contract or agreement toot performed, he, (he* or they may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence; and if the

plaintiff or plaintiffs in any action or suit prosecuted or commenced after the date of the proclamation aforesaid, commanding or appointing the same to be done, shall become nonsuited, or forbear further prosecution, or suffer discontinuance, or if a verdict pass against such plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall recover his, her, or their treble costs, for which he, she, or they shall have the same remedy as in cases where costs by law are given to defendants.

Penalties how

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the fines, and applied Pena*t*csi an^ forfeitures inflicted by this act, and all sum and -(urns of money in and by this act made payable, shall be paid

and payable, and received and receivable in Irish currency, and shall and may be sued for, reco^pred, levied, and applied in'such manner and form, and by such ways and means, and with such powers and authorities, as are prescribed, directed, and appointed by an act of parliament made in Ireland in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An act for the settling of the excise or new impojl upon his Majesty, his heirs and successors, according to the books of rates therein inserted, or by any law or laws in force in Ireland relating to his Majesty's revenue of excise, as full and effectually, to all intents, constructions, and purposes, as if the same were particularly mentioned, expressed, and enacted in this act, with like remedy of appeal to and for the party or # parties who shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved

or injured as in and by the said recited act as aforesaid is provided.

Continuance vil. And be it further enacted, That this act shall have ofaa- Conti.

continuance until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five, and no longer.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this act may be altered, varied, or repealed during this session of parliament.

CAP. XII.

Act maybe altered or repealed this lefliou.

An act to continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five, so much of an act, made in the forty-first year of his present Majesty's reign, as relates to the prohibiting the exportation from Ireland of corn or potatoes, or other provision*; and to the permitting the importation into Ireland of corn, fish, and pro-v vihooa, without payment of duty

[December i&03-]

So much of act 41 Geo. 3. C. 36. as was continued by 43 Geo. 3.0. if* further continued to March 25, 1S05.

Cap. xm.

An act to prevent tie desertion and ejeape of petty officers, fcamenj and others, from his Majests service, by means or under colour of any civil or criminalprocejs.

[December 15, 1803. J '

WHEREAS many petty officers and seamen belongi/fg to his Majestfs navy, and divers per font who have either volun-] tarify entered intof or being duly impressed to serve in his Majejlfs, navy, have of late years been taken out of his Majests service by means of arrests and detainers, as well both for real and pretended debts or causes of action, as also upon charges or accusations for alleged criminal offences \ and such petty ojfficersy seamen, and other persons a\ ,

aforesaid, have been thereupon discharged out of custody, either by due course of law, or by the conftnt of the persons at whose suit or on whose complaint they had been so arrested, apprehended, or detained^ with intent to enable them, and they have been thereby oftentimes enabled, to desert and escape from his Majestfs said service, to 'the great prejudice and detriment of the said service j for remedy thereof be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal* and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the paffipg of this Pe^7 officers a£, whenever any petty officer or seaman belonging to his aJreftedTv Majesty's navy, or any person who shall have voluntarily enter- (hcriffs, &c> ed into or been impressed to serve in his Majesty's navy, shall to be kept in be arreded, apprehended, or taken in execution by any sheriff custody after or (beriffe, or other officer or officers, either upon or by virtue d?scharced any roefne or other writ or process whatsoever, or upon or by from the virtue of any warrant for any alleged criminal offence, and shall writ, See. and be thereby taken from or out of his Majesty's sea service, or he immediate- from or out of any ship or vessel appointed for receiving volun- d°lfvered teers and impressed men to serve in his Majesty's navy, or from to the comer out of the custody of any officer of the impress or other mander in officer in his Majesty's sea service, with whom any such person chief of his as aforesaid shall have voluntarily agreed to enter into, or by j^pa, Whom any such person as aforesaid mall have been impressed to totbrve cm serve in his Majesty's navy, or who shall have the custody or board the

charge

it "Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 13. [1805.

charge of any such person as aforesaid, the fhejrtflf or -(heri/Fs, gaoler or gaolers, or other officer or officers* who shall have .* arrested or apprehended any such petty officer, seaman, or other person as aforesaid, or in whose custody any such petty Officer, icaman, or other person as aforesaid, shall happen to be, By way of detainer upon or by virtue of any such writ, process, warrant, charge 6r accusation, or upon or by virtue of the judgement or sentence of any court, shall not discharge any such petty officer,

' seaman, or other person as aforesaid, out of his or their custody, either upon payment or satisfaction of the debt or debts, cause or eaufes of action, or for want of prosecution for, or upon ac-qpittal of, the charge or accusation, charges or accusations, upon which any such petty officer, seaman, or other person as aforesaid, shall be in custody as aforesaid, or by consent of the person or persons at whose suit, or on whose behalf any such petty officer, seaman, or other person as aforesaid, (hill have been aireiV*. ed, apprehended, taken, or detained, or upon giving.bail, pr any other security, or upon any undertaking either to appear to, or to answer or Satisfy, any such debt or debts, cause or eaufes of si&ioD, charge or accusation, charges or accusations; or in case of conviction for any criminal offence or offences after the expiration of any period or term for which any such petty officer, seaman, or other person as aforesaid, may have been sentenced to be imprisoned; but shall detain and keep every such petty officer, seaman, and other person as aforesaid, in his or their custody, and* (Kail thereupon forthwith and as soon as every such petty officer, seaman, or other person as aforesaid, would be entitled to be discharged out of custody, with respect to any such writ, process, ' v Or warrant, or with respect to any such debt or debts, cause or eaufes of action, charge or charges, accusation or atcufations, judgement, or sentence, with all convenient speed, safely and fectirely conduct and convey, and safely and securely deliver every such petty officer, seaman, and other person as aforesaid, either unto the commander in chief of some of his MajestyV, ships, or unto some commissioned officer of the navy, being authorised and empowered to raise Teamen for his Majesty's service, or unto some principal officer employed in regulating the service of raising men for his Majesty's fleet, whichever shall be at or nearest to the place where any such petty officer, seaman, or other person as aforesaid shall then happen to be, in order that every such petty officer, seaman, or other person as aforesaid may be detained and kept to serve on board his Majesty's fleet, ' as before they were liable to do; and such commander in chief,

officer of the impress, or principal regulating officer as aforesaid,

shall thereupon give and deliver tef such sheriff or sheriffs, gaoler or gaolers, or other officer or officers as aforesaid, a certificate, diretfted to the treasurer of his Majesty's navy, 'specifying the receipt of every such petty officer, seaman, or other person as aforesaid as shall be so delivered to him respectively as aforesaid, and the places from and to which any such petty officer, seaman, or other person as afgsesaid shallhavt been conduced add con-

vcyc4

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 13; 13

veyed as aforesaid; and the sheriff or sheriffs, gaoler or gaolers* Sheriff; kc. or other officer or officers who shall have so conduced* conveyed*to* P* far and delivered as aforesaid any such petty officer, seaman, or tt^ other person as aforesaid, shall thereupon be entitled to receive of officer or tea-and from the said treasurer of his Majesty's navy the sum of two man at the shillings mile, and no more, for conuucting, conveying, and delivering as aforesaid every such petty officer* seaman, or other*

person as aforesaid, upon production to the said treasurer of the navy of such certificate*

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any such petty Transfer of officer, teaman, or other person as aforesaid, shall be removed I*- from or out of the custody of any sheriff or sheriffs, gaoler or gaolers, or other officer or officers by whom any such petty fteriff to act-officer, seaman, or other person as aforesaid shall have been other to be*arrested or apprehended as aforesaid, or in whose custody any certified* such petty officer, seaman, or other person as aforesaid, shall happen to be, into the custody of any other sheriff or (tariffs* gaoler or gaolers, or other officer. or officers, by virtue of any writ of habeas corpus pr other wise, the sheriff or sheriffs, gaoler or gaolers, or other, officer or officers so having arrested or apprehended such petty officer, seaman, or other person as afiufe-said, or in whose custody any such petty officer, seaman, or other as aforesaid shall happen to be, shall certify in writing to the sheriff or sheriffs, gaoler or gaolers, or other officer or offi? cers, into whose custody such petty officer, seaman, or other person as aforesaid shall be so removed, upon the back of the writ or other proceeding by which such petty officer, seaman, s or other person as aforesaid shall be removed out of the custody of such sheriff or sheriffs, gaoler or gaolers, or other officer or officers as aforesaid, that such person (o removed as aforesaid is \

a petty officer, seaman, or other person as aforesaid, as the case may be, 'and liable to be. kept and detained for his Majesty's fervke; and so lotus quoties as often as any such petty officer, seaman, or other person as aforesaid shall be removed from the custody of one such sheriff or.fi, gaoler or gaolers, or other officer or officers, to the cust9dy of any other sheriff or sheriffs, gaoler or gaolers, or other officer or Officers.

IU. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case Sheriff, See. any sheriff or sheriffs, gaoler or gaolers, or other officer ot offif neglecting to cers, shall neglect or refuse to conduct and convey, for the coJtyt^clJ. purpose aforesaid, any such petty officer, seaman, or other person fcamanas as aforesaid to any distance n9t exceeding eighty miles for the herein direct-space of two days, or to any distance not exceeding one hun-d> liable to dred and twenty miles for the space of three days, and so tp*n*?nfor any other greater distance, at the tate of forty miles per day, aftertre p*the time that any such petty officer, seaman, or other person as aforesaid, ought to be conduced and conveyed as aforesaid, for the purpose aforesaid, according to the directions of this act, but shall wilfully or negligently detain and keep any such petty offi-ecr, seaman, or other person as aforesaid in his or their custody for any (pace of time over* and above' the several (paces of time

herein*

*4

FmaTty of >06/ on the fceriff, &c. lor fufVtring Jbch petty olScor or sea-itoefeapei

limitation of lctions.

Treble costs

Act may be altered or repealed this Iciiion.

Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 13. [1803.

herein-before in that behalf specified, without conducing and conveying him as aforesaid, for the purpose aforesaid, then all and every such fheHff or sheriffs, gaoler or gaolers, or other officer or officers, shall be subject and liable to be impleaded in an action of trespaft upon the case, at the suit of every futh petty officer, seaman, or other person as aforesaid, who shall be so detained as aforesaid % any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.*

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any sheriff or sheriffs, gaoler or gaolers, or other officer or officers, shall not fafeiy and securely conduct and convey, and safely and securely deliver, any such petty officer, seaman, or other person as aforesaid, either unto such commander in chief, officer of the impress, or principal regulating Officer as aforesaid, whichever shall be at or nearest to the place where such petty officer, seaman, or other person as aforesaid, shall then happen to be, but shall either wilfully permit or suffer any such petty officer, seaman^ or other person as aforesaid, to eftrape and go at large, all and every such sheriff or sheriffs, gaoler or gaolers, or other officer or officers, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, to be filed for and recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster for offences committed in England* in his Majesty's court of exchequer at Edinburgh for offences committed in Scotland, and in any of his Majesty'-s courts of record in Dublin for offences committed in Ireland, by act ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no eflbign, protection, or wager of law, nor more than one imparlance shall be allowed; one moiety of which penalty shall be paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof to him or them who shall sue for the same, together with full costs of suit.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in ptirfuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced Within three calendar months next after the fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the county or place where the cause of complaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and the defendant t>r defendants in every such action or suit may plead the general ifftie, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants in any such action or suit, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or suit after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon demurrer, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff* or plaintiffs, the defendant 01 defendants shall have treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as any defendant hath in any other case to recover costs by law.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any act to be passed in this present session of parliament.

i8o>] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 14.

CAP. XIV.

Into It amend twaails, passed in the forty-first and firtyithiri

jeers of the reign of his present Majesij, for permitting Portugal wine ft be landed and warehmifed in the United Kingdom; and te edewSpanish wine te be ft landed and warebtufed.

[Decern*

I ben* 1803.]

WHEREAS an act passed in the forty-first year of the reign ef

his present Majesty^ intituled An act to permit Portugal 4* Geo. j; wine to be landed and warehoused without payment of duties, c#if* coder certain restrictions, for a limited time: and whereas H is expedient that the period in the faii aft specified* for the payment of th* Mas end removal of the wine landed and warehoused under that edy Jbeuld be extended: and whereas an act passed in the loftfession ef parliament, intituled, Ar>act to permit Portugal wine to be landed 43 Geo. j; and warehoused in the United Kingdom without payment afc*lo3* duties, under certain restrictions, for a limited time: and whereas it is expedient to revive the said left recited act, so far as the same rtlates to the period of J, hipping Portugal tvine, in Portugal, for importation into the United Kingdom, and to extendfuih period, and also the period for landing and warehousing Portugal wine: and whereas it is also expedient to permit Spanish wine to he landed and mrebetfed in like manner, and under the same provisions and regular -- tints as Portugal wine; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par- -

Viaraenr assembled, and by the authority of tl|c same. That all Portugal wuw such Portugal wine as shall have been imported into the United UmhT the p*t-Kingdom under the provisions of the said first recited act, shall visions of the be allowed to remain in warehouse under the bonds given upon first recited the importation thereof, for twelve months after the period specified in the said a2t, and subject to the conditions, regulations, andrellri&ions in the said act contained: provided always, that house under the time specified for the payment of the duties under such bonds bond twelve as aforesaid shall be respectively extended for the period of twelve months: and all such bonds shall be and remain in as full force, fp*cjfod in and be good and valid for such extended period; and the said recited act. act, and all the powers, authorities, provisions, penalties, for-

futures, conditions, restrictions, regulations, clauses, matters, and things in the said first recited act contained in relation to loch wine, shall be revived and remain in full force as to such wines and duties, 9s fully and effectually, in every respect, as if such bonds had been renewed, or new bonds given, and as if all the clauses of the said act had been re-enacted in this a

II. And be it further enacted, That the time Sn the said Ti? ^or. recited i& of the last session of parliament specified for the actual landing and depositing of wine under the provisions of the said recited act of ad, shall be extended to the fifth day of July one thousand eight 43 Geo. j. bandied and five, instead of the fifth day of January one thousandx"

eight hundred and four in the said act mentioned} provided that junlyc5, goi.

no but no such

wine which no such wine which shall not arrive at the port of importation in

shall not arrive Great Britain and Ireland respectively before the first day of June il^e(h"uCbet)ne tbotifand.efent hundred and four shall be allowed -to be admitted to entered for warehousing under the said act or this act, unless it entry unless shall appear, according to the provisions of the said act, that the shipped before the ^me yfZS a<aually shipped for importapqtl before the (irftday May x, 1804, dnc jhdufand eight hundred and four.

A&stoextend

III. And be it further enacted, That the said last recited act to all wine ami this act, and UPthe clauses therein contained, shall, froth wiSn^thend after the passing of this act, exteqd and be construed to experiods herein tend to all wine that dull have been fmee the first day of Othbtr mentioned di- one thousand eight hundred and three, or that shall within the redly from periods in this act mentioned hereafter be imported into the C^uernfey^'United Kingdom directly from Spain^ or from the i (lands of Jcriey. Guernsey or strfey\ and all such wine, and the importers and owners thereof, shall, in all cases in which the same shall be pro^ posed to be warehoused or shall he warehoused. under the said act and this act, be subject to all the conditions, regulations, re* ftrtdions, (except so far as the same are altered by this ad J penalties, and forfeitures, and all the provisions* clanks, mas 'ters, and things in the said last recited act contained* as fully and effectually as if the same were herein specrally* and severally re-enacted is to Spanish wine brought directly from Spain.

Importers on

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any landing the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, of any Spanish S'^fhwine w*nc ProP°fe<l i0 he warehoused under this act, who fh*Jl herein men- ^dually land and deposit the quantities of Spanish wine herein-'tioned allow* after mentioned, shall be allowed the benefit of this act; (that is ed the benefit to say), if in London, not less than fifteen pipe$ or butts or re-of this act. puted pipes or butts of Spanish wine; or if in any other port where any such wine may be warehoused under the said act or this act, ten pipes or butts or reputed pipes or butts of Spanish wine,; any thing in the said act of the iaft feffi6n of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provisions of V. Provided always and be it further enacted, That the said sVgco 3 °* rec*lc<* a(^ °* l*ft session of parliament, and all the clatifeSf c. 103. (except powers, and provisions therein contained, (except so far as the wl)*rc hereby same are by this act altered), fli^Il be and the same is and are here-altered), to by. revived, and shall remain and continue in full force for such <ratunuein p^rio^ as are in this act specified for the importing and ware-housing any wine under the said act and this act. '

A&nwy he

VI. And be it further enacted, Thai this act may.be altered) reined this var'ed or repealed by any ad or ad$ to be passed in this present ictnon. session of parliament.

CAP. XV.

An act For raiGng of five millions by loans or exchequer-bills, on the credit of such.atda or supplies as have been or shall be granted by parliament For the service of Great Britain, for the yeat one thouslmd eight hundred and four.

[December iy, 1803.]

Treasury may raise <, 000, 000l. by loam or exchequer^ Ha in like manner as is prescribed by the malt ad of thisfcilion, c. id, concerning loans, Ac.

But

180j.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 16 — 18 tf

Bar not to iflat exchequer-bills on the credit of the aftt of this session, c 16 17. in any other manner than authorised by thelc atts, Sec. Ex

cheqo^r-biBfl to bear an interest not exceeding $J. % q. per cent, per diem \ as.i rf not paid out of the hipplits for 1804, they shall be receivable in piyaent of the revenue, in four months after their date Not to be re* ccived in payment cf any tixcs until payable. llaufcs. See. in aft, c. 16. rfjtrnjr to exchequer-bills, extended to this act. Bank of England »u-tfionird to advance a, 000.000/, on the credit of this act, notwithstanding act s and 6 Gul. et Mar. 6cc.

CAP. XVI.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and four.

[December 15, 1803.]

CAP. XVII.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a duty On pensions* cSces, and person.l eft »tcs, in England j and certain duties on sugar, malt, tobacco, and fiiuff, in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thou find eight hundred and four.

[December 15, 1803.]

CAP. XVIII.

An act to explain and amend two acts, passed in the farty-ficond and forty-third years of the reign of his present Majesty* relating to volunteers and yeomanry corps in Great Britain.

[December 20*

1803.]

WHEREAS an act passed in the forty second year of the reign n.

of his present Majesty, intituled An act to enable his Ma- J4^0* jesty to avail himself of the offers of certain yeomanry and volunteer corps to continue their services: and whereas the muster-rcils mentioned in the fid aft are thereby required to be returned on or bfsre the twenty-fir/t day of September in each year: and whereas an eft passed in the last fcffizn of parliament, intituled An act for autho- ^eo. 3* tiling the bilkitiitg of such tioops of yeomanry and volunteer ca- c# X4l % valry as may be deftrous of assembling for the purpose of being trained together in Great Britain and Ireland; and for fybjefting to military discipline, during the war, such serjeants serving in any volunteer or yeomanry corps of cavalry or infantry as receive constant pay* and all trumpeters* drummers, or bugle men serving the rein, and receiving pay at any daily or weekly rate, and for the further regulating of such yeomanry and vol On tee r corps: and whereas the commanding officers of corps are required, in the if certificates of attendance at mufltr and exercise under the provisions of the fid acts, to /late that the per fins returned by them in the muster-rw as effectwe, have attended properly armed and equipped: and whreas by re* fin of the commanding officers of fime corps having emitted, and of others being unable from the periods of their services being accepted, to make their returns within the tt mefp reified in the/aid fit/I recited act \ and alfi by recfju cf some corps not having been sup- piud with arms, many per fins who haze duly and diligently at tended el musters and exercise, and by their services o: ght to be entitled to the bn. fit of the exemptions given by the said acts to volunteers and yeq-Vot. XLV. C Munry

Mu far-rolls may be returned after

persons who nave duly It tended mutter and exer eife of their corps tjhe number of

18 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 18.

[180;

manry under the fold acts % and the several aQs relating to the and defence of the kingdom, cannot claim such exemptions \ for retrace] whereof, may it therefore please your Majesty that it may fc enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent maje by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and tem porat, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, axil by the authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the commanding officers of any corps of yeomanry or volunteers wh

the passing of may have omitted, or have been unable to make their return this act of under the said first recited act at the period therein specified, arn the names of a]f0 for the commanding officers of any corps not having beei supplied with arms, to return, at any time or times after th passing of this act, mutter-rolls in the form in the said recirct acts specified, of the names of every person in their respectiv< corps who shall have duly attended at the mutter and exercisi

______ w of the corps to which he belongs, the number of days specifiec

days spetified in the said recited acts respectively, and by such attendance fbal in recited acts, have become effective according to the provisions of the said re-fnn (exceP*n far as they are altered by this act); and

turned shall very person duly returned in any such muster-roll under this act from the date shall, from the date of such muster-roll, be exempted from serving of the mutter- in the militia or in Any additional force raised or to be raised under e°* t^ from any a^ or^feon parliament, and from supply-

faring in then8 any vacancies therein, and shall remain so exempted so long mitttiaor any a* his name shall be duly returned as an effective member in the additional future mutter-rolls of his corps: provided always, thit every Wt*k muster-roIl which shall have been returned by any commanding °cers aft*r period prescribed by the said first recited act, and bers, &c. before the passing of this act, shall be as valid andeffcftua) to exempt the persons therein returned as effective, as if the same In cales where had been returned after the passing of this act: provided always, arms have not that; n every case in which any persons returned in any such afp^iafre- muster-roll shall not have been properly armed and equipped by turntobe reason of not having been supplied with arms, the commanding nude. officer making the return, instead of stating the persons so re-

turned to have been properly armed and equipped, shall make a special return that arms had not been supplied or procured to enable him to certify according to the provisions of the said recited acts.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to any^didmial S*vc any v°lunte$r or yeomanry corps, or any member thereof, exemption, not entitled thereto by their terms of service, any exemption exceot so far whatever, or to extend any exemption to any members of any as relates to volunteer corps or yeomanry not entitled thereto under any of as^to th?p£a t*ie Provisions of the bid recited acts, or any act of the last session riod of return- of parliament, except so far as relates to any alteration in this act in£ mutter- contained as to the period or mode of returning mutter-rolls.

III. And whereas doubts have arifin whether the wives and famt-&* of Persons enrolled in volunteer corps are entitled to relief: and k whereas it is expedient that the wives and families of such persons

doing

Act not to give any volunteer corps

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 19 — 22. 19

daag military duty should have relitf during the abftntt of such ptr-fim am military duty} be it therefore enacted, That all persons in for the rohmtcer corps, when marched on any summons of any lord- relief of the lieutenant, or in consequence of any general signal of alarm, or wives and when voluntarily assembled doing military duty upon any appear* families of ance of invasion, with the approbation of his Majesty, signi tied jj*1jJVSun-through one of his Majesty's secretaries of state, shall be entitled teer corps, to such and the like relief, and undeV such and the like circurn- when called ftaaccs as are mentioned in two several acts passed in the forty- upon military third year of the reign of his present Majesty, relating to the duty»c* militia of England and St$tland respectively, and of another act passed in the same year, relating to the defence of the realm; and all fans of money that shall have been before the passing of this act advanced or paid to any such wives or families by any over-fccror overseers, or parish officer or officers that shall have been or shall be certified in manner directed by the said last mentioned act, shall be repaid by the receiver-general of the county out of aoy publick monies, and allowed in his accounts; and all over-fem, parish-officers, receivers-general, and others who have advanced or repaid any such monies, under any order from the lords-commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or more of them, shall be indemnified.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this act may be altered, ^rcd orre-varied, or repealed by any act or acts to be passed in this session pealed this of parliament. session.

CAP. XIX.

An act for ptmishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

[March 9, 1804.]

Number of forces 129, 039.

CAP. XX.

An act for the regulation of his Majesty's royal marine forces while oa shore.

[March 9, 1804.]

CAP. XXI.

An act to continue, until three months after any restriction imposed by my act of the present session of parliament on the bank of England from issuing calli in payments shall cease, an act, made in the parliament of Ireland in the thirty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for confirming and continuing the restrictions on payments in cash by the bank of Ireland, and also an act made in the forty-third year of the teign of his present Majesty for amending the said act.

[March 9, 1804.]

CAP. XXII.

do off to indemnify all persons who concerned in issuing or

tarrying into execution an order of the of his

Mdjtflfs treasury for permitting the exportation of feed corn to Portugal from Great Britain.

[March 9, 1804.]

WHEREAS in conference of the of the kingdom ef

Portugal for feed corn, application was made to

aftrta limited quantity thereof: and whereas furious inconvenience

zo Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 43 — 25. [1804.

wight haveartfen from delaying such permi/flin; and for the lion thereof the Commissioners of his Majesty's tufloms, in pursuance o) directions to that effect from the Ibrds-commissioners of his Majesty* j treasury, have allowed the exportation of about six or seven thiufam* quarters of corn from Great Britain for the supplying of the kingdom ^Portugal: and whereas it is therefore expedient that the same should he functioned by parliament, and all persons issuing, giving, or advising such directions, or acting under such directions, or concerned in the issuing, giving, or advising" any such directions, and also all persons acting under or in pursuance thereof should be respeCitvely indemnified; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by Persons friving the authority of the same, That all persons iflinng, giving, or directions for advising any such directions as aforesaid, or concerned in the ttl^ofcorn giving, or advising any such directions, and also all person9

to Portugal, acting under or in pursuance of the said directions, shall be, and and prrions are hereby indemnified for and on account of the same, and of acting under flny act, matter, or thing done in pursuance of and in conformity tions shall be to directions as aforesaid, as fully and effectually to all intents indemnified. and purposes whatever as if the same directions had been given, and such acts, matters, and things done in pursuance of any act or acts of parliament.

Actions al- H. And be it further enacted, That if any action, suit, or proready com- fecution hath been already commenced against any person or ^f(tayed?ay Persons for any such matter, or thing so advised, it shall and and thede- may be lawful for the defendants or defenders in such actions, fendanrs may suits, or prosecutions respectively in whatever courts in Great h ive double Britain such actions, suits, or prosecutions shall have been com-coiU. meneed, to apply to such court or courts respectively, to flay all

proceedings therein respectively by motion inafummary way; and such court or courts are hereby required to make order for that purpose accordingly; and the court or courts making such order, shall award and allow to the defendants or defenders respectively double costs of fuir, for which they shall respectively have the like remedy as in cases where the cods are by law given to defendants or defenders.

CAP. XXIII.

An act for allowing vessels employed in the Greenland whale-fishenr, and clearing out from any poj t in Great Britain, to complete their full number of men at certain ports for the present season.

[March 9, 1804.]

CAP. XXIV.

An act for further continuing, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six, an act made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for rendering the payment of creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland.

[March 9, 1804.]

CAP. XXV.

An act to enable his Majesty to grant the inhentance. in fee Ample, of certain manors, me images, lands, nn* hereditaments, in the parishes of Byfleet, Weybridge. Walton, Walton Leigh, and Chertsey in the county of Surrey, to his royal highnefa Frederick duke of York and Albariy, for a valuable coniiilciation.

[Mir.h 9, 2S04 ]

xgo^.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 26. 21

CAP. XXVI.

A8 far charging, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thou-said eight hundred and five, certain rates and duties, and for at-tawing certain bounties and drawbacks upon goods y wares, and merchandize^ imported into and exported from Ireland; and also for charging certain inland duties of excise and taxes in Ireland in lieu of former rates, duties and taxes, bounties, and drawbacks*

- [March 23, 1804 ]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the parliament of Ireland, in the fortieth year of the reign of his present Mftfty, intituled An ea 3* act for granting for one year, the several duties therein mentioned, in lieu of all other duties payable upon the articles therein spe- ,

cified during the Paid term, and for regulating the trade between this kingdom and his Majesty's colonies, and for other purposes therein mentioned, certain duties on importation and exportation, and certain drawbacks on exportation, and also certain bounties or allowances on exportation and importation into and from Ireland, of the goodly wares, and manufactures in the said ah mentioned and also certain sums of money, duties of inland excise, and taxes in the said act mentioned, were granted and allowed for the term by the said act limited and apjminted: and whereas the said act bath been altered and amended and continued, and several other duties have been granted by dhers acts of the parliament of Ireland, and of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and whereas certain of the duties, drawbacks, bounties, allowances, and taxes y now payable under, end by virtue of the said several acts, will expire and be determined on the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and Jour) and certain other of the said duties, drawbacks^ bounties, al-hwances, and taxts, are hereby intended to be repealed, in order that the same may be consolidated in this act: and it is expedient that certain duties, drawbacks, bounties, allowances, and taxes, should be granted and allowed in lieu of the said duties, drawbacks, hour, tiesx allowances, and taxes so expirirg or repealed; may it therefore p case your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fime. That an act passed in the forty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repealing certain duties^ peafof vfm tea imported into Ireland, and for granting other duties in lieu <?'

thereafy and for granting additional duties on sugar and coals imported into Ireland; and also one other act passed in the forty-second year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for 4* Geo. 3. gracting to his Majesty certain additional duties on goods importedc* l^7* into and exported from Ireland; and also one other ad parted in Geo the forty-third year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act*

eft for granting to his Majesty certain duties on the importation of gwlSyWares, a\d merchandise into, and on goj?ds % wares, and mer-. ikandi % e7 exported from Ireland, and alfs certain duties of excise on

spirits

this act; fee f. 48.) the duties on importation into Ireland, under schedules A, and B.

On exportation from Ireland under schedule C. On entries in

22 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 26. [1804.

spirits and malt distilled and made in Ireland, shall, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and four, be, and the same are hereby accordingly repealed j except as to recovering or paying any duties or arrears of any duties, or taxes granted by the said acts or any of them, or by any other act or acts of the parliament of, or of the United Kingdom, and as to the recovering, levying, or paying, any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, relating thereto, which may have been or shall be due or incurred at any time before or upon the said twenty-fifth day of Marth one thousand eight hundred Afterfth and four.'I

March 1804.,

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said there shall be twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and paid (during four, during the continuance of this act, there shall be raised, levied, cplleded, and paid throughout Ireland unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon the importation into Ireland of goods, wares, and merchandize, as mentioned and set forth in the schedules or tables respectively marked A, and B. hereunto annexed; and upon the exportation from Ireland of goods, wares, and merchandize, as mentioned and set forth in the schedule or table marked C. hereunto annexed; and upon certain entries, inwards and outwards in the port of Dublin, and upon certain ships or veftpls trading to

_ ________ Ireland, mentioned and set forth in the schedule or table marked

port of Dublin D. hereunto annexed, the several rates and duties, and addi-and on ships tional duties, as the same are respectively described and set forth "Of*1 in words and figures in the said schedules or tables marked A,

Drawba k in an<* an<* ,iat t*lere shall be Pa, d an<* allowed upon schedules Ambe exportation from Ireland of the several goods, wares, and merchandize mentioned and set forth in the said schedules or tables marked A, and B. the several drawbacks inserted, set forth, and described in words and figures in the said schedules or tables respectivelyj and upon the exportation from and importation into Ireland of the goods, wares, and merchandize described in the schedule or table marked £. hereunto annexed, there shall be paid and allowed the several bounties and allowances as the same are set forth and described in words and figures therein mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said several rates and duties mentioned and set forth in the said several schedules or tables respectively marked A.B. and C. shall be respectively shall be in lieu paid in lieu and full satisfaction of all customs, subsidies, and ot all former duties whatever payable in Ireland under and by virtue of any all or alls of parliament in force there, upon the importation or exportation of goods, wares, and merchandize, except the duties payable in the port of Dublin upon coals by an act passed coaisunder 'n' the parliament of Ireland in the twenty-third and twenty-93,4 Geo. 3. fourth years of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An fir (I.) c. 31. continuing and amending an act passed in the twenty-second year of J"?< his present Majestf s reign, intituled, ' An act for the improvement

- at/* ai/tf at f n turnma£ih<v modi Am ammA - dUm (Istet ae

and B.

Bounties under schedule E.

The said dur ties on importation and exportation

duties 1

except the duties on

I.)c. 17.J*ef th city of Dublin, by making \ttide and convenient fajjagti

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. i6. 23

through the same; am/ for regulating the coal trait thereof, and fir for xmprov^ other furpefes-, and except the duties payable upon timber 0fI"* DuWmi all kinds, planks or blocks of mahogany, and of all other kinds ^duUe?on of wood, boards of all kinds, staves, bricks, blocks of marble, timber under and all kinds of stone which shall arrive in any ship or vessel 1 % Geo. 3. in the port or harbour of Dublinf or in the harbour of DunUary, c. 35. [amend, by an act passed in the parliament of Ireland in the thirty-second j?* y*?* year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, In ait fir re- pu£lin bar. fairing and freftrving the walls of the river Anna Liffey in the hour. dty ef Dublin; and for amending an act passed in the twenty-sixth year of his MnjeJbfs reign, intituled An ail fir promoting the trade of Dublin, by rendering its port and harbour more com-aadmtf; and the said duties shall be severaliy paid down net in Duties to be ready motley Irish currency, without any discount or allows down* snee whatever.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Ad shall not in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, lop^tOTstopay compel the proprietor or proprietors of goods, wares, or mer- duties on P chandixe, to pay the duties upon the landing thereof, in respect landing

of any goods, wares, and merchandize, in any cases in which goods which the duties due and payable upon such goods, wares, or mer- "

chandize, might on and immediately before the said twenty* housed. fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and four, have been, at the request and ri(k of the importer or proprietor thereof, secured in warehouses for payment of duties, or by the bond of the importer or proprietor thereof, under the provisions of any act or a£ks of parliament in force in Ireland, on and immediately before the said twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and four, during the continuance of any such act or acts respectively.

V. Provided also, That in case the importer or proprietor of Duties shall be any goods, wares, or merchandize, which shall have been fe- Pa*d on cured in warehouses by virtue of any act or a£!s of parliament warehouses, in force in Ireland, on or immediately before the said twenty- for which the fifth day of March onfc thousand eight hundred and four, and on duties have which the duties due on the importation thereof shall not have*" P*id» been paid, shall be desirous during the continuance of this act b^fm*c of taking any such goods out of such warehouse for the purpose March 13,

of being used or consumed in Ireland; then and in such case 1804. the duties imposed by this act shall be payable thereon, notwithstanding such goods may have been imported into Ireland, or bonded before the said twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and four: provided also, that nothing herein.contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to permit any goods to be delivered from such warehouse for the purpose of being used or consumed in Ireland, or for any other purpose whatsoever, unless such goods could have been lawfully so delivered before the said twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and four, or the duties for which such goods had been detained in such warehouse shall have been fully paid and discharged,

C 6?:

40 Goo 1. 00 C. 3 VI

*4 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 26; [1804.

of

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Gr/a? Hrit0|ii n l^'s conta*nc^ shall extend, or be construed to extend, to and irebnd. or aher any of the provisions contained in two alls for the union of Great Britain and Ireland, the one made in the

[?<; ,oGto.3. parliament of Great Britain, in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years o: the reign of his present Majesty, and the other made in the parliament of Ireland, in the fortieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, or any other act or alls in force on and immediately before the said twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and four, by which any goods wares, or merchandize, the growth, produce, or nianutall re of Great Britain, imported from Great Britain into Ireland, or any good* wares, or merchandize, the growth, produce, or manufacture of Ireland, exported from Ireland to Great Britain* are respectively made to remain liable to or are charged with of exempted from any duties of customs or excise, whether countervailing or others, or by which any drawbacks or bounties are allowed or given in respect of any such goods wares, or merchandize, lave and except the countervailing or other dunes and drawbacks Except a* to granted by the said acts for the union of Great Britain and hw amTotherrefonds or by any other act or acts made in pursuance of th* duties <»fcer provisions in the said acts of union, for and in respect of beer, tained by this coals, hops, malt, salt, fi 1 k-manufactures, spirits and refined or any all in sugar; and which countervailing or other duties are or may be o^union.' a^certa'ne<^ by this present act, or by any other act or act passed [s^e poll. f. 7, or to be passed in this present session of parliament, in pursuance of and c. 17, of the provisions contained in the said acts oi union for i hat purpose.

VII. And whereas it was in and by the sixth arlicit of the union of Great Britain and Ireland, among other things, provid'd and declared, that salt and hops should pay, on importation into Ireland fr m Great Britain, duties n: t exceeding those whnh were then paid an importation into Ireland; and that coals on importation into Ireland from Great Britain should be subject to burthens not exceeding those to which they were then subject: and whereas it is expedient to grant certain duties on the importation into Ireland of such salt, hops, and coats, in lieu of such duties as may be payable on the same, under and by virtue of any all of the parliament of Irt bind, made previous to the said acts oj union, or any other all or acts in force immediately before the passing of this all; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred anc* four> during the continuance of this act, there [according to shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his provisions of heirs and fucce (Tor?, upon the importation into Ireland from Great Union alls], c c»- - ---» — »- iV: --c a. --u — j

this fclrion.J

Duties on salt, hops, and coals,

imported from Great Bruin into Ireland.

Britain, of fair, Imps, and coals, being of the growth, produce, or fnanufacture of Great Britain, the several and respective duties following; (that is to say).

For and upon every bushel of white salt, weighing fifty-fir pounds, the sum of two shillings;

For and upon every ton of rock salt, containing forty bushels, each bushel weighing sixty-five pounds, the (pm of three pounds:

Fox;

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 26. 25

For and upon every pound weight avoirdupois of hops, the sum of one penny farthing;

And ror and upon every ton of coals, the sum of one shilling md nine-pence:

And that there shall be paid and allowed on the exportation Drawback on cf such cads and hops from Ireland a drawback of all the duties C04^8 ndhop?. -dually paid thereon.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of this act oi°dut?e^ as rentes to the duties imposed upon the importation of goods, American v*re>, or merchandize from the United Slates of America, afui goods, bcued, dtfenbed, and set forth in the schedule hereunto annexed, marked B., shall continue in force during: he continuance of this act, in case an act passed in the forty-first year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to facilitate the trad: ozdUtcrcoufe betueen Ireland and the United states cf America, during toe continuance of the treaty of amity, commerce, and navigation, between his Majesty and the Jdid States, shall (o long continue and be in force, but not other wise; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in cases where the tp_

duties b) this act imposed upon tobacco imported into Ireland bacco,

shall be patd, then the sum of two-pence halfpenny for every pound 7, 300l. of weight thereof, and also so much of the produce of the duties 1*utv on te*s* aiifingupon teas, as shall amount to the annual luin of Icven thou fund three hundred pounds Irish currency, shall be from time count to time respectively carried to the account to be kept of his M3- reditary rt-iefly's hereditary revenue, and shall be deemed part of his Ma- venu<* jesty's laid hereditary revenue.

X. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where the

dines by this act, or any of the schedules hereunto a: inexed, ftuty^lTUuL imposed upon the importation or exportation of goods, wares, rem on inland merchandize into or from Ireland, are charged not according portalion or to the weight, tale* guage, or measure, but according to the value thereof, such value shall be taken and estimated at the tafned* A aiiual price thereof, with the.addition of freight and att other charges and expences whatsoever, exclusive of the duties paid cr payable by law on any such goods, wares, and merchandize, or on the importation or exportation thereof respectively; and ll.at such value shall be ascertained (except as in this act is provided), by the oath of the importer, exporter, or pit rictor of fjch goods, wares, and merchandize, or of his known agent or fjcior, in the manner and form, and under all the rules and regulations, and subject to the same forfeitures and penalties as are or may be prescribed, directed, and imposed for ascertaining ar»d collecting the duties to be paid according to the value thereof, by an act passed in the parliament of Ireland in the fortieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act Viz. as under ktUr regulating the collection of his Majestf s revenue, and for pre- ^f^o Gco0* 'anting of frauds therein; and for repealing an act made in the^1 j c 4; thirty ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, 1 An 1 9*. 99. re-ifi for continuing and amending several laws relating tc his Majesty's

ported, pay. m* doty ad valorem.

6 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 26. [1804.

revenue\ andfir tbt more effectually preventing the frauds, therein, and the several acts and statutes which are mentioned to he continued by this act, and by any act for continuing or amending the same; and in case such goods, wares, or merchandize, mast not be valued according to the true and real value thereof, and according to the true intent and meaning: of this uSt, then it shall be lawful for the proper officer or officers of the revenue to cause the same to be detained; and the Did goods, wares, or merchandize, shall be dealt with, and the several officers of the revenue shall proceed in every respect in the manner prescribed or to be prescribed by the said last recited act, or by any act or acts for continuing or amending the same.

Afbevtaming

XI. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any vahie of prut goods, wares, and merchandize imported or brought into Ireland goods im- on are by this act, or by any of the (chedu)es

hereunto annexed, imposed, not according to the tale, guage, weight, or measure, but according to the value thereof, shall be condemned as prize, such value shall be ascertained by the gross price at which such goods, wares, or merchandize shall be publicity (old, without any deduction or abatement whatever; and such goods shall and may be detained until the duties due thereon shall have been fully paid and satisfied.

XII. And fir the better ascertaining the price of teas, being of the growth and produce of the East Indies, imported into Ireland from Great Britain, according to which the duties are imposed thereof and also fir the ascertaining the value of all goods, wares, and merchant dsze imported into Ireland which had been imported into Great Britain by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, on which the duties are charged by this act, not according to the tale, weighty guage, or measure, but according to the value thereof:

How prices of be it enacted, That the price of all teas, and the value of all such be* 600^s> wares, and merchandize so imported, shall be inserted in

India good#, t*le respective cockets, and the price of such teas, and the value rated ad va- of such goods, wares, and merchandize, shall be respectively taken iorem, shall be at the gross price at which the same teas, goods, wares, and mer-ascertained. chandize so imported, shall have been respectively bought at the publick sales of the said company; and the principal accountant or deputy accountant for the time being of the said East India company is hereby required and directed, on demand made by any person authorised by the chief of of the revenue of Ireland from time to time to furnish the said of with copies of such parts of the said books as shall relate to the purchase and fate of the teas, and other goods, wares; and merchandize so imported, and which copies being verified by affidavit made before the lord-mayor of London for the time being, and being attested by a notary publick in the city of London* shall, without further proof either of the said affidavit or of the said copies, be admitted as evidence in all suits commenced or arising under this act.

XIII.

Ho duties Jltall be paid on importation of goods

And be it further enacted, That during the continuance of this act, no duty shall be paid on the importation of any of the

articles

ifofj Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 2 6..27

snicks /pacified»*ny of the said schedules to be duty-free on ftsted to be

inporfidon into Inland; provided that due entry of all such

goods be made in the custom-house of the port in Ireland where e 6cheduieie

such goods shall be imported, expressing and setting forth in every Due entry

such entry the particular mirks and numbers of the packages in*"5 m*Ce

which any such goods shall be imported, with the quantities and

qualities, and particulars thereof, and value thereof, and in the same manner and form as entries are legally to be made in /r#-

ItfWin cases of importation of goods duty-free; and that such

goods shall be landed at the places and times required by law*

sod io the presence of the proper officer, and by bim examined

and ^charged, otherwise fetch goods shall be forfeited and may

helmed by any officer of the revenue.

XIV. And whereas the inhabitants of the islands rfJerfcy, Guera-fey, Sark, and Alderney, are by law permitted and allowed to im-fat isto Great Britain, any goods* wares* and merchandize of the Irewth* produce* or manufacture of those respective tfles* (other thorn (sit) afon certificates from the reffective governors* lieutenant or de* jmtj governors* or commanders in chief for the time being; and oaths it fere the magistrates of the said islands of Jersey and Guernsey respectwdh that the same are of the growth* produce, and manufaQun tf the fold islands or either of them* without paying any customs*sub- fdm} or duties for aisd in respect thereof: and whereas it is expedient to great such perrmffion with respect to the importation of goods* the grwrfi, produce, and manufacture of the said islands* into that part of tie Usited Kingdom called Ireland, as is herein after mentioned5 be it therefore enacted, That, during the continuance of this act, the said inhabitants shall and may (with and under such certificates (except salt), and oaths as aforesaid) import into any lawful port in Ireland* may be im-any goods, wares, and merchandize (other than salt), of the like

growth, produce, and manufacture of the said islands or either of Britain* them, without paying any greater or other duties for and in re- [See British

withstanding.

XV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That Not to ex-nothing in this act contained shall exempt or be construed to ex- cPj*5*3* empt any goods or commodities of the growth, product, or ma.

nufsdure of sny foreign nation or country, which may be im- jersey, Sec. potted into any of the said islands, or such foreign goods or commodities as shall or may be in part or fully manufactured in any of the said islands by the people thereof, or any salt whatever, imported into Ireland from any of the said islands, from payment of all such customs, duties, and other impositions on the importation of the same, from any of the said islands into Ireland* as are or shall be due and payable for goods and commodities of the.to fend imported into Ireland, from Any foreign nation or cooootry, of which the said goods are the growth, product, or uaanhdare; any law, custom, or ufige to the contrary not-

*8. Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 26. [1804.

Firti cf British or Irish takingnd curing may be in>-

jotted doty tree.

Matter fh*U make oath on entry, that fish waa so taken and cured.

Regulations under which produce of creature's taken in any part of the ocean by fuhjt&s may be entered on payment of duty, as of Britiill billing; viy. proof of" their being so taken, and producing the log bonk of the ship, &c.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enisled, That fish of every kind or fort whatever, of British or Irish taking and curing, caught or taken in any part of the ocean by the crews of any ships or vessels built in Great Britain, Ireland, or the islands of Jersey-t Guernsey, or Moti % or in any of the colonies, plantations, islands, or territories, which now belong or at the time of building such vessels or ships did belong, or which may hereafter belong to or be in the possession of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and wholly belonging to and owned by his Majesty's subjects, and navigated and registered according to law, shall and may, during the continuance of this act, be imported into Ireland, in in ships built, owned, navigated, and registered as aforesaid, without payment of any duty of customs whatever; any thing this act or any other act or acts to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XVII. Provided always, That before such sith shall be admitted to entry, the master or other person having or taking the charge or command of Jthe ship or vessel in which such fish shall be imported, shall make oath before the collector or other chief officer of the revenue, at the port of importation, (who is hereby authorised and required to administer such oath), that such fish was actually caught, taken, and cured, wholly by his Majesty's subjects.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That whale fins, oil, or blubber cf Gales, Teal-oil, or feaUskins, or any other produce of filb or seals, or other creatures, taken or caught in any part of the ocean, by subjects of his Majesty, usually residing in Great Britain or Ireland, or the islands of Guernsey^ Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, in ships or vessels built in either of the said kingdoms or islands, owned, registered, and navigated according to law, shall and may, during the continuance of this act, be admitted to entry on payment of the duty by this act imposed on such ai tides of British fishing or catching, provided that proof be made that the said articles were actually caught and taken by the crew of the vessel in which they are imported, by the oath of the master of such vessel, that the same were bona fide so caught and taken: and provided always, that a log-book shall be constantly kept on board such ship or vessel, in which log-book the various fuuations and occurrences fefpeding such ship or vessel, during the whole course of the voyage, shall be inserted every day, and particularly the times when such ship or vessel shall have been in fight of land, distinguishing what land and the bearings thereof, and the supposed distances therefrom, and the soundings, and also the time when and the latitude in which any whale or other creature living in thefea shall have been kilied, taken, or caught, by the crew of such ship or vessel; which log-book so to be kept as aforesaid shall be delivered by the master or other person having or taking th? charge or command of such ship or vessel, at the time of his making a report of such ship or vessel, to the collector or other offi: er of the revenue, at the port in Ireland where such ship or vessel shall arrive, for his inspection and ex- I

animation;

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 16. 29

artiinarion; and the said matter or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, together with the mace thereof, shall jointly and severally verify on cath the contents of such log-book before such collector or officer, who is hereby authorised and required to administer the same.

XIX. And whereas it is expedient that oil or blubber of fish, or creatures living in the sea, actually caught and taken on the banks and fares of the island of N e w found land and parts adjacent, wholly by his Majesty's subjects, carrying on the said fishery from the said island\ and refang therein, fauld be admitted to entry on payment of the like duty as if caught and taken wholly by his Majesty's subjectt carrying on the Joid fifary from his Majesty' % European dominions, and usually residing in the said dominions \ be it therefore enacted, That, during the continuance of this act, all such oil or blubber shall be admitted °t ^2* to entry, on payment of the duty by this act imposed on rrain oil, land, by rubor blubber of Newfoundland of British fishing, notwithstanding icliding such oil or blubber of fish, or creatures living in the sea, shall have be

been caught and taken by his Majesty's subjects carrying on the paymcrnnjf said fishery from and residing in the said island: provided always, NewtounH-that before any such oil or blubber shall be admitted to entry as duty, as on! aforesaid, the matter or other person having or taking the charge orrtl-1°*

command of the ship or vessel in which any such oil or blubber shall be imported shall produce and deliver to the collector, or tiiu clndi-other chief officer of the revenue, at the port in Ireland into which tious. such oil or UubCcr shall be imported, a certificate under the hand and seal of the naval officer in Newfoundland, or if there shall not be any naval officer, then under the hand and seal of the commander of any of his Majesty's ships Rationed there, testifying that oath has been made before him (who is hereby authorised and required in such case to administer the same) by the person or persons who actually caught the fish, or creatures living in the sea, from which the oil or blubber mentioned in such certificate was produced, that such oil or blubber was really and bond side' the oil or blubber of fish or creatures living in the sea, actually caught and taken on the banks and Chores of the island of Newfoundland and parts adjacent, wholly by his Majesty's subjccU carrying on such fishery from the said island. and residing the rein; and provided such matter or other person having or taking the charge or command of the ship or vessel, so importing such oil or blubber, shall also make oath before such collector or other chief officer (vrhd is hereby authorised and required to administer the same) th. tthe oil or blubber lo imported are the same oil or blubber mentioned and refeired to in the said certificate.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the importer, proprietor, or confunee of any fish oil or blubber, seal skins, or other produce of the British Nnu+ Ln 1 may be fiundland fishery imported into Ireland, directly from the island of bonded. Newfoundland^10 warehouse the same in Ireland, and to give bond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, with one sufficient fizrery in the penalty of treble the amount of the duty on such fish oil, or other produce as aforesaid, with condition that such fish oil, or

other

How drawbacks and bounties shall be paid.

Goods must be exported within three years for drawbacks. Coaches x % months.

30 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 26. [1180.

other produce of the said fishery, shall be duly exported frot Inland, within twelve calendar months from the date of fuel bond, or that the duties by this act'imposed on the importatio thereof shall be paid on the same being taken out of the warehoui for home consumption, or within twelve such calendar months which bond shall be taken by the collector or other chief office of his Majesty's revenue at the port of importation, who ar< hereby respectively authorised and required to take such bond.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all drawbacks, bounties and allowances whatsoever by this a d granted, allowed, or mad< payable upon the exportation from Ireland of any goods, wares or merchandize, articles, matters, or things whatsoever, dial without any 'fee or deduction be paid by the several collectors 01 other chief officers of the revenue at the respective ports of exportation, within one calendar month after the same shall be lawfully demanded, out of any money arising out of any duties by them collected: provided always, that no drawback or allowance whatsoever shall be paid or allowed, unless the goods, wares, or merchandize, (other than coaches and other carriages) on which the same shall be claimed, be exported within three years from the importation thereof, and in case of coaches and other carriages within twelve calendar months, nor unless due proof be made, to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the customs, of the entry of such goods and of the payment of the duties thereon; and that no drawback, bounty, or allowance whatsoever, shall be paid on any goods, wares, or merchandize, articles, matters, or things exported from Ireland^ unless all requisites shall have been performed, which by any law now in force, or at any time hereafter to be in force in Ireland, or by any regulations made or to be made by the chief of of his Majesty's revenue in Ireland, are or at any time shall be required to be performed for obtaining such drawback, bounty, or allowance respectively; nor shall any drawback, bounty, or allowance be paid, unless the proofs necessary for obtaining the same be made, and within'two9*1 t*, e drawback, bounty, or allowance be claimed within two years years after, from the time of shipping the goods for exportation.

Ho drawback

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no drawback or shall be al- bounty shall be allowed for any goods, wares, or merchandize, lowed on articles, or things whatsoever, which, during the continuance of poitod^o Isle f^s shall be exported from Ireland to the islands of Ar* or of Faro. Ferre 5 nor shall any cocket or clearance be granted for the ex-No cocket porting to the said islands any goodi which are prohibited to be granted for worn or used in Great Britain or Ireland; any law, custom, or*ppfing, usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

drtWtter.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That during the conti-43 Geo. 3. nuance of an act passed in the forty-third year of his present Ma-c. 17. [cot- jetty's reign, intituled An act for difeentinuing certain draw-dnued by bach and bounties on the exportation of sugar from Ireland, and far allowing, until the fifteenth day of January one tbosfani eight hundred and four, other drawbacks and bounties instead thereof j and which ad hath been continued by an act made in the present

44 Geo. 3. c. xo). Drawbacks and bounties

i8of] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. iS. 31

session of parliament, the drawbacks and bounties on theexpor- fugm ex. atba of the several forts of sugar in the said a &. mentioned, and (h* iifo an additional bounty, to be calculated at and after the rate that act*1" of ten pounds for every hundred pounds in money on the pro- while in force, duce and amount of the said last-mentioned bounties, shall be and xoper allowed and paid, subject nevertheless to the regulations, provi- cent, additions, and directions in the said recited act, and in any act or acts [See 43 G. j. for continuing or amending the same, and in this a3t mentioned 0.9s. £ 3*.] and contained.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That upon the shipping Drawback of o/ai? wines in any port of Inland in ships belonging so his*

Majesty's navy for the use of admirals, captains, or other com- ^"officevsef miflboed officers employed in his Majesty's service for their the navy, actual consumption on board such of his Majesty's ships as they

(tall serve in, and for no other purpose, a drawback of the whole amount of the duties paid on the importation of such wines into Inland shall be allowed and paid under this act*provided that nc such wines shall be shipped on board any of his Majesty's ships of war for the purpose aforesaid, other than in the presence and under the care and inspection of an officer of the revenue to be from time to time appointed for that purpose by the commissioners of his Majesty*s revenue in Inland: provided also, that such wines shall be so shipped within three years from the importation thereof, and under such other regulations and re-ftiiflioos as may be from time to time made and required by the IwMieutenant or other chief governor or governors of /r#-iWand the privy council of Ireland for the time being.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That upon all tobacco Drawlpcksoa manu&ftured in Ireland^ which shall be exported thence to any e*

place except to Great Britain* there shall be allowed, by way

drawback or compensation for the duty by this act charged and (except to

paid on import of the leaf tobacco whereof it hath been manu- Great Bri-

fa£hired, and for the excise-duty by this act charged thereon, the

sum of ten-pence for every pound weight of such manufactured

tobacco, upon proof being made that such manufactured tobacco

paid the import and inland or excise-duties made payable by

(his a SL

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no custom, subsidy, No duty ex* or duty whatever shall, during, the continuance of this act,

payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon the ex- on e^po^ portation from Ireland of any goods, wares, or merchandize the tion ofliifli produce or manufacture of Ireland not mentioned in the said produce, not schedule marked C, except the alnage duties; provided that due °i]I entry be filft made of all such goods, ware9, and merchandize at^c u the custom-house of the port where the same shall be exported, which entry shall express the quantity and quality and the par- Of ail goods ncolarsof each denomination of the goods so to be exported, for exporta-and the particulars and contents of each package in which suchion duty- goods are exported, and the value thereof, and shall be made in free' til respects in the same manner as the laws now in force in Ird$*d require in respect of any goods exported from Ireland

before

Duties of in-lam! excise and taxes IhMI be paid according to schedule F.

in lieu of all

Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 26. [1804.

before the passing of this act, and so as the same be shipped at the places and times required by law, and in presence of the proper officer, and be by him examined, and so as that the exporter of any goods the produce or manufacture of Ireland dor Aril nuke oath, or, if a known quaker, a solemn affirmation before the customer, comptroller, or other chief officer of such port, which oath or affirmation such officer is hereby required and empowered to administer, that such goods are of Irish manufacture or produce, or both, as the case may be^ and in default of performing such respective requi fires or any of them, such goods, wares, and merchandize shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of his Majesty's revenue.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That during the continuance of this act, there shall be raised, collected, levied, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon the several goods, wares, and merchandize, articles and things mentioned, set forth, and deferihed in the schedule marked F. hereunto annexed, the several sums of money, duties of inland excise, duties and taxes, as they are respectively described, inferred, and set forth in the said schedule; which several duties and taxesf'*nier jUtit# shall ben l*cu anc^ fall fJtisfaiSlion of all duties of inland excise ctfc^nd taxes.anc* taxes granted by any former act or acts of the parliament of Ireland* or of the said United Kingdom, on any of the articles ^duties and things in the said schedule mentioned; except the duties on tmdfr i3*& 14 ^P'r'ts or strong waters payable by virtue of an act passed in Geo. v(h)» Ireland in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his present c. 12. for Lagan Majesty's reign, intituled An act for continuing and amending navigation. fa era! aids* one passed in the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the other two in his present Majestfs reign* for making the river Lagan navigable* and opening a communication by water between Lough Neagh and the town of Belfast; and for enabling the commissomrs therein named to raise money by alignment of the said duties* for the more expeditious and esse final carrying vn the said work\ and also except the duties payable by persons hawking about trees, shrubs, and plants for sale within the city of Dublin or five miles thereof; and by all persons felling or exposing to sale within the said city or five miles thereof, in any f id l f stan(J> booth, or other place not being a part of or in

bottlfs, or old his or her dwelling-house, any new or old books, maps, prir.ts, clothes* or pamphlets, charts, or drawings; and by all persons who shall pawnbrokers, sell or expose to sale within the said city or five miles thereof, any additional glass bottles, not being respectively the makers or importers talier^b/fpi- thereof, a'uTnot felling wine, spirits, beer, or ale; and by all tits in Dublin, persons who shall sell or expose to sale within the said city or five &c. applicable miles thereof, old clothes in any (tall, (bed, booth, (hop, of other to the piir- place; and by every person carrying on the bulinels of a paven-?)ublin w.itch broker, within the said city or five miles thereof, f r every house under Ifiih in which such business shall be carried on; and also lave and except the additional duty of ten shillings payable to the super* intendant magi (hate of the district of the metropolis of Dublin ry every person idling ipimsby retail within the said city or within

five

And except duties on hawkers of trees, keepers ofhook-ftalh. fellers

acts,

35 G. 3*c. 36.

36 0.3. c. 30.

39 O. 3. c. 56.

40 G. 3. c. 6a.

I

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. z6. 33

iff miles thereof, over and above all other duties whatsoever, aif which said last mentioned duties are otherwise appropriated.

XXVID. And be it further eoalked, That, during the con-No duty on dnuance of this act, no duty shall be paid on any beer or ale Irifobeerur brewed within Ireland. alc'

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That die several licences For what mentioned in the said schedule marked (F.) on which the respect ^nc^under tire duties mentioned therein shall be from time to time respect schedule (F.) lively paid by virtue of this act, shall continue in force until the shall last. twenty-fifth day of March next after the date of such licences respectively, and no longer; except such licences as shall be

panted to brewers, distillers, maltsters, and redifiers of spirituous liquors, which licences shall respectively continue in force until the twenty-ninth day of September next after the date thereof, and no longer; and except licences to retailers of spirituous li-guors, which shall be in force until the twenty-ninth day of September in the year for which they shall be granted.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That every person who Drawback on shall export spirits distilled in Ireland to any place except to cent! underf Great Britain, which shall be of a strength not less than a strength proof export-equal to five degrees or ten per tentum under hydrometer proof, ed, except to Hull be entitled to and shall receive three shillings and one penny Great Britain, halfpenny for every gallon of such spirits, as and for a drawback

of the whole excise paid for the same.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if the spirits so to Additional be exported shall be of a greater strength than of five degrees drawback under hydrometer proof, there shall be paid a further drawback ^'^n^r°n after the rate of four-pence per gallon over and above the said spirits, accord-sum of three shillings and one penny halfpenny for every four ing to their degrees which the said spirits shall exceed the strength before length, mentioned, and so in proportion for any greater or lets quantity:

provided always, that no drawback on any one gallon of spirits shall exceed in the whole the Turn of four shillings and five-pence and one-twelfth part of a penny.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That over and above the Bounty on

said drawback on all spirits distilled in Ireland, and which shall co fP, rit#» be shipped for exportation, except to Great Britain, there shall fc not above be allowed and paid to the person or persons exporting spirits, 3., p-r -

made and distilled from malt, made of com of the growth or pro- barrel, 4d. luce of Ireland, when the price of barley in Ireland, as ascertained P*1*aUon-in the manner specified in an act passed in Ireland in the twenty-

third and twenty-fourth years of his Majesty's reign, intituled,

dn aH far regulating the corn trade, promoting agriculture, and pro-5*14 G. 3-

vidittg a regular and fleadi /apply of corn in this kingdom, and for*' c9'

granting to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the duties therein mentioned, shall not exceed thirteen millings and (ix-pence the

barrel, a bounty of four-pence for every gallon of such spirits out

of the duties hereby granted; but under the same rules and

regulations, and subject to the same securities, exceptions, restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, as are ensiled with respect to

the bounties on corn exported.

Vol. XLV. D XXXIII. An*

Drawback of the whole duty on glass bottles.

Drawback of the whole duty on paper exported.

Drawback on paper hangings, the whole duty.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That for and upon all bottles made of common bottle metal, which shall be made in Ireland, the duty which shall have been fcctually paid thereon shall and may be repaid and allowed upon all such bottles as shall be exported as merchandize to foreign parts.

XXXIV*. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any person who shall have actually paid the duties imposed for or in respect of paper made in Ireland, and for any other person who shall buy or be lawfully entitled unto any such paper, from the person or persons who actually paid the duties for the same, to.export such paper to any parts beyond the seas, by way of merchandize, and to receive a drawback of all the duty actually paid thereon.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and m?y be lawful for any person who shall have actually paid the duty charged in Ireland, on any printed, painted, or stained paper hangings made in Ireland and for any other person who shall buy or be lawfully entitled to any such paper hangings, from the person who actually paid the duty charged on the same, to export such paper hangings to any foreign parts by way of merchandize, and such exporter shall receive a drawback of the whole of such duty actually paid thereon.

erhan^" XX3£YI- And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid ing^in re^>t& an<^ aH°we every printer, painter, or stainer of paper hang-of the duty ings, a drawback of the duty charged on all paper made in

on paper. Ireland after the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, which shall be manufactured by him into paper hangings, on proof upon oath being made to the satisfaction of the chief of of his Majesty's revenue in Ireland, of the quantity of paper so used, ^nd that such paper was not made prior to the said day, and that the duty by this act chargeable thereon was paid.

XXXVII. And be it funher enacted, That upon the expor-

r pound. tal*on of any hides and skins and pieces of hides and skins

Faichmentthe tanned or dressed in oil in Ireland, or of any vellum or parch-

whol? duties $ meat made in Ireland\ on which the duties charged on the manu-and manufac- facture thereof in the said schedule marked (F.) shall have been paid, there shall be allowed and repaid to the person or persons exporting the same respectively, a drawback of one penny on

every pound weight avoirdupois of all such hides and skins and

pieces of hides and skins; and a drawback equal to the duties charged oq aft such vellum and parchment by the said schedule and a&Mally pajd thereon; and upon the exportation of any such tanned leather manufactured in Ireland into goods and wares of tanned leather oqly, or of which such tanned leather is the most valuable part, to any place except Great Britain, there shall be aftpwed and repaid a drawback of one penny halfpenny on every pound weight avoirdupois.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the duties by this act imposed on raw and untanned hides exported* and on linked oil, chocolate, and cocoa-nuts imported, as shall

remain*

Drawback on leather id.

tured leather id. iq. per pound.

On leather roanyfa&pres id. % q. per pound.

Residue of duties on hides exported, See. applicable to

lax

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 46. 35

remain, after deducing the hereditary duties to the crown encouraging thereon, shall be paid, and issued by the of of hisj?^n^ °* Majesty's treasury of Inland for the time being, to the trustees for encouraging the linen, and hempen manufactures of Ireland* to be by them applied towards encouraging the raising of flax seed in Ireland. Duties, fcc.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all duties paid to, applicable to and all sums granted to the trustees of the linen and hempen hnf° manu-msmifactures shall be exemped from the payment of all fees. empTfroiu*-

XL. And be it further enacted, That the several sums granted fai. by this act, or by any other act of parliament in force in Ireland, Application of and appropriated to encourage the raising of sufficient. quantities sums granted of flax seed and hemp, and for the encouragement of the hempen for ratting manufacture of the provinces of Leinster, Munster, and Connaught, ax ^c-

shall be applied to such purposes only, and no other; and that a frparate and distinct account shall be kept by the proper officer of the application thereof* and laid before parliament.

XLL. And be it further 'enabled, That all monies to arise* du*T from the respective duties of two shillings and six-pence, and cj^£e"fr, e# two-pence, in the said schedule, marked (D.) mentioned, upon Dublin, entries inwards and outwards, in the port of Dublin^ and upon and</.duty certain ships and vessels trading to Ireland, shall be received by Jj trading the collector of the said port of Dublin, and by the several col- 1, p8f lefiors of the respective ports where the said ships and vessels shall arrive respectively; and the said collectors are hereby respectively authorised to demand and receive the same, and the said duties shall be by the said collectors paid at the receipt of shall be paid his Majesty's exchequer in Ireland; and the of of his"to the cx" Majesty's treasury in Ireland for the time being shall cause fix-c9jj"n pence of the said duty of two shillings and' six pence in the said fppf|Cable schedule mentioned to be paid to the trustees of the Royal Ex- to Dublin change in the city of Dublin, to be by them applied towards Royal Ex-keeping the same in repair, and towards the discharge of the change, and wages of servants employed therein; and the residue of the said co % orarion° duty of two shillings and (ix^pence to therorporation for erecting for commer-buildings for commercial purposes, ro be by them applied to-dal buildings, wards the discharge of the interest of such monies as have been borrowed or shall be borrowed, not exceeding in the whole thirteen thousand pounds, for erecting and finishing the said buildings, and towards discharging the principal, and to and for no other purpose, tQ be accounted for before the of of imprest accounts in Inland.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Duties not rates, duties, impoittions, and taxes granted by this act, and not otherwise ap-hereby appropriated or directed to be applied to any particular use fli^c?irried or uses, purpose or purposes, the necessary charges of raising and to Irithconfo-accounting for the same being deducted, shall be carried to and lidated fund; be part of the consolidated fund of Ireland; and that the sum*also fee8 of six-pence per pound, and allot her fees which shall or may exche-

rayable to the lord high treasurer or of for executing qUcr. the office of lord high treasurer of Ireland % clerk of the pells, or

d % eny

36 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 26. [1804.

any other officer of the treafory of Ireland, upon issuing or payment of any sum or sum* of money out of the consolidated find of Inland, mall be carried to the said consolidated fund, in aid and addition to the duties hereby granted, and shall be accounted for accordingly.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That neither the sum of six-pence per pound, nor any other fee, shall be payable to or be deduced or received by any officer or officers of the treasury of Inland for or on account of the issuing or payment of any sum or sums of money in discharge of any part of the national debt of Ireland, or of any interest or annuities on the same. v^u>ur>wis.>,

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That no cambricks or kceimported, awnt, nor gold or silver lace, except of the manufacture of except of the' Great Britain, shall be imported into Ireland under the penalty

manufacture or forfeiture of all such cambricks, lawns, and lace, and treble of Great Bn- the value thereof, and of the forfeiture of the ship or vessel in forfeited tec the same shall be imported, with all her guns, tackle,

All dutks un- fur?--"-e» »mrnUn»io_n> ?*d apparel, der this act

No fees on payment of interest or annuities.

Cambricks,

shall be col lifted as under excise »ft, 14 U15 Car. s. & 8.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That all the several duties, rates, and impositions hereby granted upon goods, wares, and merchandize, imported into and exported from Ireland, (except as to such of the said duties as may by law be bonded during such time only as such duties shall not be demandable) and all penalties and forfeitures in respect thereof, and all inland or excise duties or taxes by this act granted and expressed in the schedule (F.) hereunto annexed, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and futcessors, in the (ime manner, and under such powers and authorities, and by such ways and methods, and according to such rules and directions, and under such penalties and forfeitures, as are appointed, directed, and expressed for the raising, collecting, levying, paying, and managing of duties payable on goods, wares, and merchandize, imported into and exported from Ireland, in and by an act of parliament made in Ireland in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of his late majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, dn I act for settling of the excise or new impojl upon his Majesty, his heirs, and successors % according to the book of rates therein inserted\ and by any other act or acts in force in Ireland^ relating to the revenue of customs and excise, or either of them, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same were herein expressed < and enabled, with the like remedy of appeal to and for the party or parties aggrieved, as in and by the said last mentioned act passed in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his said late majesty King Charles the Second, or any other act or acts as aforesaid, is provided.

Duties ftiaU be XL

VI. And be it further enacted, That all the duties, draw-cuirwcyand bounties, allowances, and taxes, in this act and the re-

in proportion spective schedules hereunto annexed, specified, mentioned, and to the tale, contained, shall be paid and payable, and received and receivable, &c*°* in Irish currency; and that the said duties, drawbacks, allow* ances, bounties, and taxes, shall be paid and received upon the several

180f] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 26.' 3?

fatrzl articles and things in this act, and the respective schedules hereunto annexed, specified, mentioned, and contained, accord-to the tale, weight, gauge, measure, or value of the said articles rdpedivdy specified, and also in proportion upon any greater or Hi number, weight, quantity, measure, or value, of such articles, matters, and things, respectively.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be Continuance and continue in force until and upon the twenty-fifth day of

March one thousand eight hundred and five, and no longer.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That this act may be ^ft may be mended, altered, or replied, by any act or acts to be made in this prefern fedfioa of parliament. session.

SCHEDULES

I

38 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 26.

[1804. SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

Schedule (A.)

A Schedule of the Net Duties payable on Importation into Ireland, of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, therein enumerated or described, (not being the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain); and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the due Exportation thereof from Ireland.

INWARDS.

A.

Adianthum, the lb. Agates, viz.

- Polished, or otherwise manufactured, for every £, 100 of the value

--Rough, small as a bean, the 100 dozen -

- Rough, large, the piece -

- Rough, small, not otherwise described, for every

£. 100 of the value -

Ale. See Beer.

Alkali, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, for every /. 100 of the value -

- Sal. See Sal Alkali.

Alkanet Root, the lb.

Alkermes Confectio, the oz. troy Syrup, the lb

Almond Paste, for every £. 100 of the value Almonds, viz.

- Bitter, the cwt.

p — — Jordan, the cwt. -

- in the (hell, the cwt.

- of any other fort, the cwt.

- Oil of See Oil.

Aloes, viz.

--Succotrina, or Socotorina, the lb.

*--- Hepatica, and any other fort, the lb.

Alum, viz.

- Roch Alum, the cwr.

(If for dyers*use, free.)

Amber, the lb. - -4

- Beads. See Beads.

- Oil of See Oil.

Ambergris, the oz. troy -

Ambra Liquida, for every £. too of the value Ammoniacum, viz.

*----- - Gum. See Gum Ammoniacus.

- Sal. See Sal Ammoniacus.

Duties. Drawback.

£. u- d.

0 0 4 O O

20 5 4 1613 4

052 038

002 0 0 r

20 j 4 16 13 4

33 0 0 h> vO 00 O

0

006 004

017 012

024 022

w 0 0 29 8 0

0 15 8 ° 13 J

1 5 11 0 18 11

0 10 3 0 7 3

1 1 7 0 18 7

018 017

0 0 10 009

O O 00.O 00

0 0 II 0 0 10

0 2 2 0 a 0

33 0 0 29 8 0

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Anchor Stocks. See Wood.

Anchovies, the.barrel, qt. 16 lbs* of fish Angelica, the lb.

Antmi Gum. See Gum*

Aniseed. See Seed.

- Oil of See Oil*

Annotto, the lb. -

(If for dyers* use, free.)

Antitnonium, viz.

- Crudum, the cwt.

(If for dyers* use, free.)

- Preparatum, or Stibium, the lb* -

Apparel, for every £. 100 of the value -

And an additional duty, by the lb. or by the yard, on the materials of which fitch apparel is made, according to the respective rates to which such materials are subject.

Apples, the bushel

- dried, the bushel - -'

Aqua-fords, the cwt.

(If for dyers' use, free.)

Arabic Gum. See Gum.

Arangoes. See Beads.

Archelia. See Orchelia.

Argentum Vivum. See Quicksilver*

Argol, the cwt. -

(If for dyers* use, free.)

Aristolochia, or Birthwort, the lb.

Armoniac. See Bole Armoniacum.

JS"' } Sec Spirits.

Arrow Root, the cwt.

- of the growth or produce of the British plan-

tations or colonies in America, the cwt. of the produce of the United States of America, See Schedule (B.)

Arfcnic, the cwt. -

(If for dyers* use, free.)

Afa-foetida, the lb.

Alarum Root, the lb.

Allies of all forts, free.

Asphaltum, or Bitumen Judaicum, the lb.

Ases, for every £. 100 of the value Auripigmentum. See Orpiment.

B.

Bacon and Hams, the cwt. -get Skins. See Skins*

Duty. Drawback.

L d. ! dt

040 026

006 005

006 005

090 076

006 005

33 0 0 29 8 0

008 005

0*5 0 0 11

037

063 040

O O VI 006

240 1 10 0

6 II 0 0 10 0

CO OO O 060

007 006

006 005

004 003.

20 5 4 16 13 4

6117 097

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Balks. See Wood.

Balls, viz.

- Tennis Balls, the 1000 -

m Wattling Balls, the lb.

Balm of Gilead. Sec Balsam Natural.

Balsam, viz.

- Artificial, the lb.

--Canada, the lb.

- Copaiva, or Capivi, the lh.

- Natural, the lb. -

- not other wise enumerated or described, for every £. 100 of the value Band-strings, the dozen knots -

- , if of silk, or mixed with (ilk, a further

duty for every lb.

Band-string Twist, the dozen knots -

- if of lilk, or mixed with silk, a

further duty for every lb» Barbedocs Tar. See Tar.

Barilla, free, as Aihes.

Bark, viz.

- or Hemlock, being for tanning or dyers' use, free.

--Jesuit's. See Cortex Peruvianas.

--not otherwise enumerated or described, for every

£. too of the value Barley. See Corn.

- bulled. See Pearl Barky.

Barras. See Canvas in Linen.

Barr Wood, if for dyers' use, free.

Basket Rods, the bundle, not exceeding three feet in circumference at the band Baskets, viz.

- Hand Baskets, the dozen -

- Wicker Baskets, for every £. 100 of the value

Bast or Straw Hats or Bonnets. See Hats.

- 1 Platting or other mariufadure of bast

or straw for making hats or bonnets. See Platting.

Bast Ropes, the cwt.

ISin*. }S"Wood.

Battery, Bath rones, and Kettles, the cwt.

Bayberries. See Berries.

Bay Yarn. See Woollen Yam in Yam.

Beads, vie.

Amber Beads, the lb. -

- Arangoe, for every £. too of the value > -

Duty. Drawback.

£* £ f- d.

*4 01 % 4

006 00 5

017 014

008 006

Oil 009

0 III 0 1 10

33 o 0 29 8 0

0 8 3 069

5 11 10 5 11 10

0. 3 5 03a

5 11 to 5 11 19

33 0 0 29 8

O M O' 014

015 012

20 j 4 16 1* 4

019 0 1 4

2 1992 11 2

074 063

33 0 0 29 8 0

180fj Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 26. 41

SCHEDULE (A.> — INWARDS.

Bads, continued.

Bone, or Bor, the great gross -

- Box. See Bone.

- Coral beads, the lb.

- Chrystal beads, the 1000 -

*> — Glau, for every/. 100 of the value

- Jasper, the 100 (tones -

- Jet Beads, the lb.

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every

£. 100 of the value

Bans. See Corn.

- Kidney or French Beans as Garden Seeds in

Seeds. See Seeds.

KSL }»-

--Wool. See Wool.

Bed Feathers. See Feathers.

Beech Boards. 7

- Plank. > See Wood.

- Quarters, j

Beef, whether salted or otherwise, as Provisions.

Beer, viz.

- Mom, the barrel, qt. 32 gallons

- Spruce Beer, the barrel, qt. 32 gallons -

- or Ale of all other forts, the barrel, qt. 32 gallons

Bees Wax. See Wax.

Bed Metal. See Metal.

Bebidere Ratlins. See Ratlins.

Benjamin, the lb. -

Sere or Bigg. See Corn.

Bergamot, ellence of, for every 100 of the value Berlins as Carriages.

--Bay, the cwt.

(If for dyers' use, free.)

- Juniper, the cwt.

(If for dyers'use, free.)

Yellow, for every £. 100 of the value (If for dyers' use, free.)

- not otherwise enumerated or described, not being drugs, and not being for the purpose of dyeing, for every £. of the value Birds, Singing Birds, the dozen .».»

Biscuits.'See Bread.

Bitumen Judaicum. See Asphaltum.

Blaeking, the cwt.

Bbck Latten. See Latten.

Black Lead. See Lead.

Bladders, for every £. too of the value

Duty.

£ s. d.

o 10 10

0 it q

1 o q 83 16 5

o 18 8 o 1 8

33 o o

1 1 410 10 0 it a

0 19[33 o c 062

o*1 120 5 4

r° 5 3

o iS

20 5

Drawback.

29 8 o

0 18 6

1 7 6

o 10 o

017 29 8 o .05*.0 o 11 16 13 4

4 16 13

10 o 2

7 .0 13 4116 13

4i Anno regni quadragesimo qu&to GEORGII III. c. 26. f 18c

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawbat

Blades for Foils, the dozen - £.

0 29O 2

for Razors, the dozen - 022 O t

Blankets, or Blanketing, the square yard*Blubber* See Train Oil in Oil. Boards. See Wood. 0.7 6 x 6

Bole Armoniac, or Armehian Bole, the cwt. Bone Lace. See Lace. Bones and Hoofs of Cattle, for every/. 100 of the 0 $ t 0 1

value ... Bonnets. See Hats. 2° s 4 16 13

Books bound, the cwt. - 306 2 Q

- unbound, the cwt. Boom Span. See Span in Wood. 1 17 O*I IX

Borax refined, the lb. — unrefined, or Tinea!, the lb. Bottles, viz. — of Earth, or^Stone, the dozen bottles — of Glass, covered with wicker, for every £. 100 016 004 0 3 1 0 00

of the value - not of less content than one pint, and not 83 16 4 80 4

being Phials, for every £. 100 of the value Note, Flasks in which wine or oil is imported are not subject to duty as such. Bowls, or Buckets of wood, not bound with iron, the 83 16 4 80 4 4

dozen Bowsprits. See Mads in Wood. Boxes, viz. 0 1 3 Oil

Dreding Boxes, for every £. ico of the value 20 5 4 16 13 4

nest qt. 8 boxes - - — pill Boxes, the gross of 12 dozen nests, each 0 17 2 0 14 11

nest qt. 4 boxes - — " Snuff Boxes, not being silver or gold, for every O O N1 to 008 042

£. 100 of the value ... Box Wood. See Wood. Bracelets or Necklaces of Glass, for every £ 100 of 33 0 0 IO NO 00 0

the value - Brandy. See Spirits. Brass Manufactures, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, for 83 16 5 80 4 5

every £. 100 of the value -» - Old. See Shruff. Wire. See Wire. Brazil Wood. See Wood. Brazilletto Wood. See Wood. 33 0 0 29 8 0

18047 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 16. 43

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Bread or Bikruits. See Provisions. Bricks, the 1000 - - £. x. d. 059 £. X. d. 0 5 0

Brioftooe, the cwt. - 022 0 X, 2

Note. For the conditions and regulations under which the duty on brimstone may be drawn back on being used in certain manufactures, See 46 Geo. 3. chap. 43. since continued.

Bridles, viz.

- dressed, the dozen lbs, -

- of Muscovy or Russia, imported in

foreign shipping, the dozen lbs. ----- rough or undressed, the dozen lbs.

- of Muscovy or Russia, imported in foreign shipping, the dozen lbs.

Broken Glass. See Glass.

Bronze Figures and Wares, for every^. joooof the value Blooms, Flag Brooms or Whilk Brooms, for every £.ioooof the value Bruges or Bridges Thread. See Thread.

Buck or Deer Skins. See Skins.

Buckets of Wood. See Bowls of Wood#

Bugle great, the lb. - - 4 -

- froall or feed, the lb.

Bullion or Foreign Coin of gold or silver, free.

Burs for Mili-Stones. See Stones.

Burrachas. See Indian Rubber.

Busts or Figures of marble or (tone, for every £. ioo of the value -

- not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, for every £.100 of the value -

Batter as Provisions.

C.

Cables, tarred or untarred, the cwt# -

Cable Yarn. See Yarn.

Caddas or Crewel Ribband, the dozen pieces, not exceeding It inches in breadth, each peace qt. 36 yards -

- and further if of (ilk or mixed with (ilk, for every

lb. thereof -.

Caffoy, the yard-.-

- and further if of silk or mixed with silk, for every lb. thereof

0 5 10

33 o 26 8

o x

29 8 17 4

20 5 4

*0 5 3

o 19 1

o 12 8

5 11 10 o 2 11

5 11 jo

8

o

2

o

4

4

1613 4 1613 4

016 9

095

S 11 10 o a 1

5 11 10

1

SCHEDULE ( A.) — INWARDS.

Cake Lac. See Gum Lac.

Calabar Skins. _ See Skins.

Calaminaris Lapis. See Lapis. '

Calamus, the lb. - r

Calavanus gs Provisions Callicoes, viz.

- white, the yard -

- printed, painted, Rained or dyed, or partly

dyed after weaving, the yard C&tves' Skins, Se$ Skins.

Caroeletto, half silk, half h?ir, the yard

*»* --- gnd further, for every lb. thereof -

Ombogium. See Gamboge.

Camel Hair* Sec Hair.

- or Mohair Yarn. Sec Ygrn.

Campmile Flowers, the jb.

Camphire, viz.

*= — *--- refined, the lb.

- unrefined, the lb.

Cam Wood. See Wood.

Canada Balsam. See Balsam.

Canary Seed. See Seed.

Candles, viz.

- Spenpaceti, the cwt.

- Tallow, the cwt.

- Wax, the cwt.

Candlewick, the cwt.

Cane Hats or Bonnets. See Hats.

- Platting, or othpr manufacture of cane to make

hats or bonnets. See Platting.

Canes, viz.

- Rattans, for every £.100 of the value -

-7--- Reed Qanes, the 1000 -

(If for manufacturers' use, free.)

- Walking Cajpcs, not being mounted, the 1000 Cans of wood, not bound with iron, the dozen.-Cantharides, the lb. ... Canvas. See Linen.

Capers, the lb. -

Capita Papaverum, or Poppy Heads, the 1000 - Caps of cotton, for every £*iop of the value -1 — of wpelleu or worsted, for every £. 100 of the value Cardamonps, the lb.

Cards, playing -cards, the dozen oacks - Cariophylvorcm Oleum, as oil of oloves, in oil. Carmenia Wool, as Qpat's Hair. See Hair.

Duty. DrawHad

£»*£. s. a

004 0 0

053 0 4 1

0 6 1 0 5

3 7 0 3

5 M JC 5 IX 1

002 0 0;

0 1 8 0 1 1

0 0 IC 0 0 i

2 1 10 1 13 ie

103 0 ifr a

2 II A i 0 6

O 16 4 0 »3 3

20 5 4 16 13

048 0 0 5

J 10 0 3 15 0

0 i 3 0 1 0

022 0 x 5

003 ° 0 i

025 0 x

44 0 0 40 8 0 T Q Q

44 0 0 40»° 1, ft

01 1 0 X 0

1 15 7 i 15 3

SCHEDULE (A.} — INWARDS.

Carpets of Turkey, qt. left than four yards square, the carpet -

- qt. four yards square, or upwards,

the carpet -

not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, for every j£.iob of thfe value -

Caoabe or Succinum, as Amber. See Amber. Canaway Seeds. See Seeds.

Carriages, with or without the appurtenances, for every £100 Of the value -#

- and for further duty on the harness by the Ibv

If of Leather. See Leather manufactured. If of Silk. See Silk manufactured. Catthafous Seed. See Seed.

Carui Oleum, as Oil of Carraway. See Oil. CaihewGum. See Gum.

--Nuts. See Nuts.

Calks, empty, the tun of 252 gallons content -

Casia, viz.

--Buds, fok evfery £.100 of the value -i

- Fistula, the lb.

- Lignea, the lb.

Castor, the lb.

--Oil of See Oil.

Catlings, or Lutestrings, the grdfs of 12 dozen knots Cat Skins. See Skins.

Catde alive, viz. bulls, cows, oxen, or steers, for every £.100 of the value' Caviare, the C<vt.

Cayenne Pepper. See Pepper.

Cerufla, as White Lead.

Cfatifess, as Carriage*. '

Chalk, for every £.100 of the value ' -

Chamarmeli Flores. See Camomile Flowers.

Chamiefs, viz.

1 unwatered, or mohair^ the yard -

- watered, the yard -

- half silk, half hair, the yard

- I and further, if made of, or mixed with ftlk,

for every lb. thereof Chariots, as Carriages.

Cheese, the cwt.

Chemical Oil. See Oil.

Cherries, the cwt.

Chelhuw. See Nuts.

Duty.

1. Sd.

0 10 ic

1 10 7

33 o 20 s 4

Drawbick.

£' s' dt

0 5 IO

1 3 11

19 8 o 16 13 4

0 590 4*

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 0 7 0 0 6

0 1 2 6 1 1

0 3 c 0 2 9

0 1 11 0 1 2

20 5 4 16 !3 4

0 890 6 5

20 5 4 163 4

*0 090 0 7

0 1 3 0 0 11

0 2 2 0 1 8

5 11 1C 5 11 13

0 2 £ 0 1 8

0 7.c 0 3 8

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawbxc

Chests of Iron, small, the piece not exceeding in length £. t. d. £. s. <2

one yard - large, the piece exceeding in length one i3 4*9

yard - Chimney Pieces of marble or stone sculptured, as done sculptured. a 10 7 2 3

China Roots, the lb. China, Porcelaine, or Earthen Ware, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with 022 O 2*1

duty, for every £> 100 ofhe value Chip Hats or Bonnets. See Hats. — - Manufactures of, to make hat? or bonnets. See Platting. £ O O 40 8 1

Chocolate, the lb. - 0x5 0 1:

Cider, the tun, of 25* gallons. Cinders. See Coals. Cinnabar. See Vermillion. 2x6 1.10 ( 1

Cinnabaris Nativa, the lb. 018 0 1 (,

Cinnamon, the lb. Cinamoni Oleum, as Oil of Cinnamon. See Oil. 022 0 i q

Citterns of Latten, the lb. Citron, viz; — preserved with salt, for every j£.ioo of the value preserved with Sugar, as Succards. SeeSuccards. 00 0 0 O 00 CO 0 0 6 29 8

Civet, the oz. troy. Clap Boards. See Boards in Wood. Clay, fine clay and land clay, free. 029 018

Clocks, of wood, for every £.ico of the Value - -not of wood, for every £.100 of the value Cloths, Woollen, as Drapery old or new. See Drapery. Clover Seed. See Seed. 20 5 4 33 0 0 16 13 4 29 8

Cloves, the lb. 0 3 3 030

Coals, Culm, or Cinders, the ton Note, Coals is subject to a further duty of Is. id. per ton when imported into Dublin harbour (and not for the use of the glass, sugar, or salt manufd&ories); said duty to be fully drawn back on exportation, fee 23 and 24 Geo. III. chap. 31. in force until the 25th of March 1810. 027 020

Cobalt, or Zaffre, for every £. 100 of the value - (If for dyers' or manufactures' use, free.) 20 5 4 16 13 4

Cochineal, the lb. -(If for dyers'use, free.) 0 Oil 001

Cocoa Nuts, the lb. - 015 0 1 4

Cocculus Indicus, the lb..- 010 0 1 8

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Coffee, viz.

*--- the produce of any British colony or plantation

in America, the cwt.

- the produce of any other country or place, the

cwr. -(Subj^dt also to a duty of excise.)

For the conditions, regulations, and rertnotions under which coffee may on importation be warehoused, on paying down 31. 6d. per cwt* and securing the remainder of the duty by bond, See Acts relating thereto.

Coin, viz.

- of Copper. See Copper.

- of Gold or Silver, free.

Cole Seed. See Seed.

Colophcnia, or White Rosin, the cwt. Colours for Painters. See Painters* Colours.

Colombo Root, the lb. --Combs of Ivory, for every £* 100 of the value - Comfir*, the lb.

Coney Skins. See Skins.

--Wool. See Wool.

Contrayerva Radix. See Radix.

Copaiba or Capivi Balsam. See Balsam.

Copal Gum. See Gum.

Copper, viz.

--Ore, the cwt.

- unwrought, viz.

--Copper Bricks, Jfcofe Copper, and all Cast

Copper, the cwt.

--in plates, and copper coin, the cwt.

- part wrought, hammered or raised, bars, rods, or ingots, the cwt.

- Manufactures not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, and copper- plate engraved, for every £. 100 of the value -

- Wire. See Wire.

Copperas, viz.

- blue, the cwt.

- green, the cwt.

(If for dyers* use, free.)

- white, the cwt. Cora], viz.

- Beads. See Beads.

- in fragments, the lb.

- whole, pol idled, the lb.

t — unpoliflied, the lb.

Duty. DrawoaUc.

£. s. d. £. i. d»

O O to 4 16 1

6 17 10 6 13 ip

o + 5 0 3 10

0 0 10 009

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 1 10 010

019 Oil

° 11 3 070

0 1+ 7 0 10 4

198 018 8

33 0 0 29 8 0

082 0 5 9

003 —

0 8 10 070

012 010

0 JO 0 066

0 8 1 064

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Cordage, tarred or tintarred, the cwt.

Cordial Water. See Spirits.

Cordivant Skins. See Skins.

Coriander Seed. See Seed.

Cork, the cwt.

Corks, ready made, the gross of 12 dozen ... Corn or Grain, for the duties thereon, See. A^s relating thereto.

Corn Powder. See Gunpowder.

Cortex, viz.

- Augusturae, the lb.

- Elutheriae or Cafcarilla, the lb.

Limonium or Aurentiorum, or Lemon Or Orange-peel, the lb.

—; --Peruvianusor Jefuii's Bark* the lb.

- Simaroube, the lb.

- Winteramus, the lb.

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £.100 of the value -

Cotton Manufacture. See Muilin.

- Thread. See Thread.

- Twist. SeeTwift.

- Wool. Set Wool.

- 1 — Yarn. See Yarn.

Cow or Ox Hair* See Hair.

- Hides. See Hides.

Cow-itch, the lb.

Cows. See Cattle.

Cranberries, for every £. 100 of the value -

Crayons, for every 100 of the value -

Cream of Tartar, tihe cwt.

Crewel Ribband. See Caddas.

Crout, Sour, as Provisions.

Crystal, viz.

Beads. See Beads.

- broken in pieces, the lb.

- not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, for every^.100 of the value -

Cucumbers, pickled or preferred, for every £ 100 of the value -

Calm as Coals.

Cummin Seed. See Seed.

Currants, viz,

- imported in shipping of the United Kingdom, the cwt.

- in foreign shipping, the cwt.

Cuttle ^ones, the xoco -

Duty. Draw tat

£*-

0 18 0 0 16

056 0 4

0 1 11 0 1 1

V i*

0 (Jr's J O O

0, d, 3 0 0

003 O O

° 1 5 ° 1

008 O O 1

006 O O

Oo wo 0 0 29 8

o z

20

20

o

S 4 5 4 9<ai

o x 7

jj 0 o 31, 0 o

X II o 1 IS 2

o 8.10

o I G

613 4 1613 4 © 5 M

0*.5

29 8 0 29 8 0

196 1 13 8 08a

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

TT

Duty.

D.

Damask Tabling or Napkining. See Linen.

Data, the cv*t.

uu }S"w^-

Deer Skins. See Skins.

Denia I^aifins. See Raisins*

Dugudium. See Scamony.

Diamonds, Pearls, Emeralds, Rubies, and all other preci* ous Stones and Jewels, for every £. ioo of the value Diaper. See Linen.

Dice, for every pair

Dimity, for every £. ioo of the value

- and further for every square yard -

D^MbSUns.} S*Ski"t-

Down, for every £>ioo of the value -

Drapery, viz*

- old, the yard -

- new, the yard -

Drawings, for every £. ioo of the value -

Drillings. See Linen.

Drugs, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, and not being for the purposes or dyeing, for every £.ioo of the value --

£, s

1 12 1

39 2

o 14 10 20 5 4 021

20 5 4

1 8 7 0 .7 8 33 0 0

33 o o

E.

Earth Red, as Raddle. See Raddle.

Earthen-ware, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, for every £.100 of the value Ebony. See Wood.

ElaAic Bottles or Barrachas. See Indian Rubber. Elbing Canvas. See Canvas in Linen.

Eleborus. See Helebore.

Eicon Gum. See Gum.

Elephant's Teeth, the lb. Elk Hair. See Hair.

- Skins. See Skins.

Eateralds. See Diamonds.

Emery, the lb.

- Stones.- See Stones.

Enamel, for every £.100 of the value Emula Csmpana Radix. See Radix.

Vol. XLV. K

44 o o

O O*' 2

OOI

33 o o

Drawback.

£. S.d.

I 7 9

072

o 14 o 16 13 4 0 2 1

16 13 4 I 7 9

29 8 o

40 8 o

001

001 29 8 o

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Erengii Radix. See Radix.

Ermine Skins. See Skins.

Essence of Lemon, the Jb. -

- of Spruce, for every £.100 of the value - - — not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, for every £. 100 of the value -

Eftrich Feathers. See Ostrich Feathers, in Feathers. Eftrich Wool. See Wool.

Euphorbium, the lb.

E.

Fans, at Haberdashery.

Fan-mounts, of leather, for every /.too of the value'and further Tor every lb. thereof

Faro Raiiins. See Aaifins.

Feathers for Beds, the cwt.

*----- Oftridge or Eftridge, d re fled or undressed, for

/ every/.100 of the value -

*" ...Vulture, ror every £.100 of the value -

- 11. not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty (and not being Bed Feathers), fix every ioo of the value

Fechia Ashes, as A flies. See Aihes.

Fennel Seeds.)c c

Fenugreek Seeds.} Seeds.

Ferret Ribband, per gross of 12 dozen

- " 1 if of silk, or mixed with silk, a further

duty per lb. of Fiddles fdr children, as Toys.

Figs, viz.

- imported In ships of the United Kingdom, the

cwt. -

in foreign shipping, the cwt. Filtering Stones. See Stones.

Sde Wood.

Fir Quarters. 1

- Timbers, j Fiflt, viz.

- Cod Fiflt, the barrel of 32 gallons for every fix (core fiflt

- Frqfh of all kinds, free.

- Herrings, the barrel of 32 gallons — Ling, for every fix fcosc -

Salmon, the barrel of 32 gallons j — r- Stock, the 120 -

- notiparticularly enumerated or described, or other.

Duty. Drawback

£. t. d. £. 1. d.

037 0 3 4

20 5 4 16 13 t

33 0 0 29 8

004 0 0 j

33 0 0 29 8 c

004 004

0 15 10 093

33 O 0 29 8 e

33 0 0 29 8 e

33 Q 0 29 8 0

0 2 11 0 a 7

5 11 10 5 11 10

093 070

0 10 3 0 8 0

056 0 4 4

120 0 16 s

067

240 1 2 \

0 10 I 087

037 0 3 i

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Fish, continued-

wife charged with, duty, and not by any law exempt from duty, for every £*100 of the value Note. For the condition* and regulations under which fish, taken and cured by subjects, may be imported duty free* fee Act to which this Schedule is annexed.

Fisher Skins. See Skins.

Fish Oil. See Train Oil, in Oil.

Fitches' Skins. See Skins.

Flag Brooms. See Brooms.

Flannel, the yard -

Flasks. See Bottles.

Flax, undressed, free.

- deeded, imported in shipping of the United Kingdom, the cwt.

- in foreign shipping, the cwt.

Flax Seed. Sep Lin feed, in Seed.

Fluit Stones, for Potters, the ton of 20 cwt. Flocks, the cwt.

Flower-Roots, for every 5 (core -

Flowers* Artificial* for every £. 100 of the value Fossils, not particurarly enumerated or described, or othorwsfe, charged with duty, for every £. 100 of the value Fowls, as Provisions.

-?£.}

Frames for Pictures or Prints, for every £.100 of the value -

Frankincense, the cwt.

FroAingj See Orfedtw.

Fruit, Artificial, for every £.joo of the value Furriers' Waste, fit only for making glue* every £.100 of the value Fur. See Skins.

- made into articles, of drefr, as Millinery. See Millinery.

Fustick. See Wood.

Gad Steel. See Steel.

Galanga, the lb.

CalbaniKBb the lb..-Gaily Tile*. See TBes.

Gaik, the cwt.

(If for dyers' use, free.), Gamboge, the lb..- ,

a

Duty.

£. $ d.

3 5 7

9

O I

1 12 5

2 I 10

Oil

O99 O29

33 o o

20 s 4

33 0 o

067

33 o o

20 s 4

Drawback.

1,

13 7

010

o o 10 o o 10

o 8 10 ». J 5

8 10

*8 3

o ia.

7 o

2 3

8 o

16 13 4!

I

1

o

o>

o

29

29

o

29

16

8 0" 5 7*

8

*3 i

a o a Q

o 1 IQ

9 1 i

j2 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. a6. [1804.

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

£. s. d. JL*

Garnets, Cut, the lb. - - 1 4 6 0 1810

-» - Rough, the lb. - - Gauze of Thread, for every £.too of the value 070 33 0 0 066 29 8 0

- 1 and further for every square yard thereof - 009 0 0 Q

- 1 " of Silk, as Silk Manufacture. Geldings. See Horses. Geneva. See Spirits. Gentian, the lb. - 003 - O O

Ginger of the British plantations or colonies in America or the West Indie*, the cwt. 0 16 6 0 14 7

- not the produce of the Bruilh colonies or plantations, the cwt. 1 13 0 1 11 2

- preserved, the lb. - - 013 Oil

Ginseng, the lb. - :- 0 0 10 009

Glass Bottles. See Bottles. — broken, fit only to be re-manufactured, the cwt. 018 0 1 4

- Plate Glass, and all other glass manufe&ures not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, for every £.100 of the value - 83 16 5 O CO

Glauber Salt. See Salt. Glue, the cwt. - 056 036

Goats' Hair. See Hair. — - Skins. See Skins. Wool. See Goats' Hair, in Hair. Gold Coin. Sec Bullion. - — Plate. See Plate. - and Silver Thread. See Thread. Grain. See Corn. Grains, Guinea, the lb.*002 0 0 2

Grapes, for every £. 100 of the value - 33 0 0 29 8 0

Grape, Rape of See Rape of Grapes. Groceries, riot particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, for every £.100 of the value - - 33 0 0 29 8 0

Grogram Yam. See Yarn. Guiacum Gum. See Gum. Guinea Grains. See Grains. — Pepper. See Pepper. — Wood. See Red Wood, in Wood. Gudi, vfe*' — Amnaoniacus, the tb. 006 0 0 s

- Animi, the lb. - 008 007

- Aribic, the cwt. - 0 13 2 09 6

- Cake Lac. Sec: Gum Lac. 'Cashew, tfite cwt.*-- - - 1 v* b 0*9

xtof] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 26. 53

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Gti© continued, viz* £'

- Cafbcw, of the growth or produce of the British West India islands, or of the Bahama and Bermuda, or Somers 1

liles, the cwt. -(If for dyer's use, free.) 0 3 io 010

America. See Schedule (B.)

Copal, for every £. ico of the value 33 Q 0 29 8 0

- Efetni, the lb. 008 007

Guiacum, the lb. -791 2 0 I 1

Juniper. See Gum Sandrake. Lac, viz. — Cake Lac, Shell Lac, Seed Lac, or Stick

Lac, the lb. 007 006

Opoponax, the lb. 026 0 2 1

- Sagapenum, the lb. - 007 005

- Sandrake, or Juniper, the cwt* - 0 14 10 0 12 0

Sarcocolla, the lb. - - 008 OOP

- Senega, die cwt. - 0 13 2 096

- Tacamahaca, the lb. - -.02 7 02 5

- Tragacantha, the lb. - — not particularly enumerated or described, or other- 007 0 0 5

wife charged with duty, (and not being impor- 29 .8 0

ted for dyers' pfe), for every £*ico of the value 33 P 0

Gunpowder, viz*

Corn, the cwt. - — Serpentine, the cwt. - .*3 12 11 360 351* 3 3*

Gotta Gamba, as Gamboge.

Gutting Canvas. See Canvas in Linen*

H.

Haberdashery Wares, not particularly enumerated or described or otherwise charged with dutyj for every £ 100 of the value 33 0 0 29, 8 0

further duty for every lb. thereof Hair, viz. 5 11 10 5 11 10

- Camel, the lb. 004 002

- Cow, or Ox, the cwt. 7 096 078

' — Elk, the cwt. -.- 0 8 10 056

Goat, or Turkey Goat's Wool, the $>.*0 0 2 ... f-

- Hats made of See Hats.

- Horse, the lb. -.-'- - 004 003

- Human, the lb. - T - 0 29, 026

Hair Powder, plain* the cwt. - -' - '*5 3-7

"632 5 18 11

54 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 26. [1804.

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Hams. See Bacon. Hand Baskets. See Baskets. f. j.* d. £ s.d.

Handkerchiefs, the dozen — if of silk, or mixed with silk, a further 0 18 8 0 16 11

duty for every lb. thereof India company of England, a further 5 11 10 5 11 10

duty for every square yard — not imported by the East India company of England, a further duty, for 021 0 '2 X

evefy square yard - 0 2 11 0 2 IX

Hand Scoops, for cvjery^. 100 of the value Hand Spikes. See Wood. Hard Wax. See Wax. hardware Manufactures, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, 20 5 4 16 13 4

for every £. ioo of the value Hair Skins. See Skins. — Wool. Sec Wool.^Harp Strings. See Catlings. Hart's Horn. See Horns. Hats, viz. — - Bast, Straw, Cane, and Chip Hats or Bonnets, 33 0 0 29 8 0

fof every £. ioo of the value — made of, or mixed with, felt, hair, wool, or -w OO O O 29 8 °;

beaver, the bat — not particularly enumerated or described, or 1 11 4 1 10 4, t

otherwise charged with duty, the hat — if of silk or leather, subject to further duties by the lb. according to their respective rates. 069 Q 6 2

Hatbands, the gross - - — if of silk, a further duty for every lb. thereof Head Matter. See Spermaceti Oil, in OiL 1 11 ii i 10 5

5 11 10 5 11 10

Hellebore, the lb. - Hemp, viz. — — dreffect, imported in shipping of the United 003 00a

Kingdom, the cwt. - in foreign shipping, the cwt. 1 1 8 1 7 0 18 0 1 4 0

imported iq shipping of the United Kingdom, the cwt. -.- - 1 8 7 1 s10

- rough pr undressed, imported from anj country, and in any shipping, free.*Seed. See Seed. — Seed Oil. See 03. Herring*. See Fish. 1 18 6 1 is.9

SS

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Mm' Can vis. See Canvas, in Linen.

Hite, viz.

- Buffalo, Bull, Cow, or Ox, in the hair not tanned, tawed, or in any way dreded, the piece -

- > tanned, the lb.

- Elk. See Skins.

- Horses, Mares, or Geldings, in the hair, the piece -

tanned, the lb.

Lolh, the lb, -

- of Muscovy pr Russia, tanned, the'hide

raw, or undressed, of the Britisht colonies or plantations in America, not particularly enu tnerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, for every £. ioo of the value - — and also on such of the hides herein before enumerated, being tanned or dressed in oil, (nor) particularly provided for and charged as- such by the lb.) the following further duties, viz.

- as tanned, for every xolbs. - as dressed In oil, for every lb. thereof - — or pieces of hides, not particularly enumerated or de(bribed, and not tanned or dressed in oil, for every £. too of the value TP n tanned or dressed in oil, of what kind soever, and all pans or pieces thereof not being -manufactured, and not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, for every £. ioo of the value -

- further if tanned, for every rolbs.

- but if dressed in oil, for every lb.

Hollands Linen. See Linen.

Hones, the too of 5 (core

Honey, the barrel of 42 gallons '

Hoops of Iron, the cwt. -

- of Wood, the 1000

Hops, the cwt.

For tho conditions and regulations under which hops may be warehoused on importation, See 40 Geo. 1H. c. 43. continued by AibTequCnt affs.

Horns, viz.

- Buffalo, Cows, Owen, or Steers, the ioo -

- Harts, or Stags, the too -

- »not particularly enumerated or described, or

Duty.

O

6

i. d.

O I

0 o o I o 3

10

3 19

1

o

*0 5 4,

90

o

5

1

o o

4

<3

Drawback.

o i a

00$

Oil

006 ox* o i 4

o 7

O I

003

i6 13 4

16 13 4 ox* o 0 3

o 7 II P ! 5 0 6 10 004 2 IS ft

56 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 26. [1804.

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback-

Horns continued, viz. otherwise charged with duty, for every f. 100 s. <L

of the value 20 5 4 16 13 4.

Horn Tips, for every £. 100 of the value Horse Hair. See Hair. — Hides. See Hides. 20 5 4 16 13 4.

'Horses, Mares, or Geldings, each Human Hair. See Hair. Hungary Water. See Spirits. Hulks or Knubs of Silk. See Silk* Hufle Skins. See Skins. 240 1 13 0

I. 'm alap, the lb. - Jamaica Wood. See Braziletto, in Wood. Japonica Terra. See Terra. Jessamine Oil. See Oil. [ efuit's Bark. See Cortex Peruvianus. 019 017

Jet, the Jh. - Beads. See Beads. Jewels. See Diamonds. O 1 P 00 O O

Inkle unwrought, the lb. - - 0 O Io 009

wrought, the dozen lbs. - Incense. See Olibanum. India Rubbers, or Burrachas, for every /. 100 of the I 14 IO 1112

value - Indian Corn or Maize. See Com. 20 s 4 16 13 4

Indigo, the 100 lbs. (If for dyers' use, free.) — of the produce of the United States of America. See Schedule (B.) 0 14 0

Ink for Printers, the cwt. - - Ipecacuanha Radix. See Radix. 099 o6n

Iris or Orris Root, the cwt. - Iron, viz. — of the British colonies or plantations in America or the West Indies, in bars or unwrought, free. — of the produce of the United States of America. See Schedule (B.) of any other country, in bars or unwrought, the 1 11 10 1 10 4

ton of 20 cwt.*- — flit or hammered into rod*, and iron drawn or hammered, less than of an inch square, imported in shipping of the United Kingdom, the 0 12 8 0 12 8

ton of 20 cwt. - - 0 18 0 0 18 0

in foreign shipping, the ton of % o cwf. ... - 0, 19 .6 o' 19 6

r — cast, for every £, too of the value ,33.0 0 298 0

- Cinders, per ton - 1 - - 0 i.1.; Q-_I 0

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

2m Hoops. See Hoops.

- liqaor, for every £. 100 of the value

(If for dyers' use, fixe.)

- dd broken, and old cast iron) the ton of so cwt.

- Ore, the ton of 20 cwt.

- fig Iron, of the produce of any British colony or

plantation in America, free.

- not of the produce of any British colony or plantation in America, the ton of 20 cwt. - — of the produce of the United States of

America. See Schedule (B.)

- Wares not particularly enumerated or described,

or otherwise charged with duty, for every £. 100 of the value -

Iron Wire. See Wire.

Japanned Wares, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, for every £. 100 of the value

Ifinglafi, the lb.

(If for dyers' use, free.)

Jake of Lemons or Oranges, the tun of 252 gallons (If for dyers' use, tree.)

--of Limes, the gallon -

(If for dyers' ule, free.)

Juniper Berries. See Berries.

--Gum. See Gum Sandrake.

- Oil. See Oil.

Junk, old, in pieces not exceeding five fathoms in length, the ton -

Ivory unwrought, the lb.

--wrought, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, for every 100 of the value -

K.

Kelp, the ton of 20 cwt.'

Kidney Beans, as Garden Seeds, in Seeds.

Kid Skins. See Skins.

Kits of Wood. See Pails.

Knees of Oak. See Wood.

Knobs of Silk. See Silk Knubs, in Silk.

Labdanum, the lb.

Lac. See Gum Lac.

Lace, viz.

- Bone Lace of Thread, the dozen yards -

Duty. Drawback.

£ c*

3 19 2 07a

070 060

O X 10 012

0 12* 8 0 12 s

a 0 0 29 8

33 0 0 29 8 0

007 006

3 5*2 10 a

0 0 10 008

I 4 2 017 0

0 1 10 0 t 8

33 0 0 29 8 0

0910 0 S 4

0 1 3 006

7 J e3 7

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

JLa^c continued.

- Boqe Lace of Silk, die lb. qt. 16 0z. - — r Silk, of all other forts, the lb. qt. 16 qz. Lambs' Skips, See Skins,

- Slink. See, Skins,

--Wool. See Wool.

Lamp Blqck, the cwt.

Landaus as Carriages.

Lapis Calajninaris the cwt. - — Tutiae, the fi>. r

Lacquered Wares, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, for every /.too of the value

Lath Wood. See Wood.

Xattcn Black, the cwt. - k

- (haven, the cwt.

*--- Wire. See Wire.

Lavender Flower?, the lb. -

—: — 5 — Water. See Spirits.

Lawns. See Linens.

Lead, viz.

- Blaqk, the cwt, --

f" t Litharge, thq qwt.»-

--Ore, the ton of 20 cwt.

- r Pig, the ton of 20 cwt.

- Red, the cwt.

--Sheet, the cwt -

- White or Cerufla, the cwt.

Leaf Metal. See Metal.

Leather Bafils, the dozen skins -

—: --And further for every lb. thereof -

- whether tanned or d refled in oil, or worked up I into any manufacture whereof leather is the most valuable part, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, for ovecy^. too of the value - [20 — r — And further, if tanned, for every lb.

thereof - -»- o o 4J

r — if dressed in oil, for every lb.

thereof - o

Leaves of Gold, the 100 leaves - Jo

of Roses or Violets, the lb. - I o

I Duty* Drawta

Lc-d 11 11 3 77 4 £*r jo 15 H 7 w I I

0 15 10 1 > 0 13

*0 0 0 03 1 0 0

33 0 e> 129 8

0 17 7 1 2 ol 1 0 ir 1 0 ]6

O O 0 0

0 12 1 0 3 8 0 16 9] 1 11 5 0 7 ij 0 2 6 080 0 11 j 0 3: OIJ I 1 0 1 0 6 .1 0*? 0 6

3 5 3 0 0 41 3*1 004

5 4 16 13

O <y 4

Lemons, the icoo x — s; —: — Juice. See Juice.

0

1

o

- I o 13

-Pickled, the tun of 152 gallons

Lentiles, the lb.

Leopard Skin; See Skins. Lexia Raiftns. She Raisins.'

3

o

7" 0

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

V

Lignum Quaffia, for every £. 100 of the value -

--Rhodium, the cwt.

--Vite, See iWood.

limes, the barrel -

lirt, Juice of Scf Juice.

f Barns of the Batavian Republic or Hefien I Canvas, the 100 ells, qt. fix score -

si Apd/urther for every square yard thereof > I Packing Canvas, Guttings, and Spruce Can-5 < vas, the too ells, qt. fix score -

s 1 And further for every square yard thereof OI Bpledavies, Spruce, Elbijig, or Queens-I borough Canvas, the bolt, qt. 28 ells

I. And further for every square yard thereof Of the Batavian Republic making, the yard -

Apd further for every square yard thereof

Of Sil$fia making the yard - And further for every square yard thereof

Of the Batavian Republic making, the yard -

And further for every square yard thereof -

Of Silpfia making, the yard.

And further for every square yard thereof

And for and upon all Oamask, Towelling, Nap-kiping, and Cloths, made of flax or hemp, the following further additional duty, viz.

Damask, if the same be one yard wide, or under, for every y?rd thereof -

If the same be above one yard wide, and under two yards wide, for every yard thereof -

If the same be two yards wide, or more _ for every yard {hereof - - _-

Of the Batavian Republic making, the yard

And further for evjry square yard thereof -

Of Silesia making, the yard -

And further for every square yard therepf

Napkins of the Batavian Republic making,

the dozen*-

And further for every square yard shes<jp(

bO

a

1

f-

60

ti

Sjh

£5

e

W 4 V '

a

c

Duty.

t

r. i. o o 16 3

011

3 3

o 9

3 o 9

6 4

o 9

029

o

9

0.9

7

0, 9

1 .1.

o © o 8

o p 9

o 09

O I 10 028 0 1; i

0 9

1 1

o 9

9*1

9.9

Drawback.

*9

o

s. i, S o

O f 10

0 6

i9 5 p 9

P

0 9

026

99» ? o 9

o M

o

o

t

o 9

OO9

I 10

7

o9o 49

o 9

8 m

o 9

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

O

Linen continued.

fOf the Batavian Republic making, the yard -

And further for every square yard .5^ thereof -

g- Of Silesia making, the yard - o 2 And further for every square yard F thereof -

Drillings and Packducks, the 100, qt. 120 ells And further for every square yard thereof Bag Holland of the Batavian Republic, the ell And further for every square yard thereof Oil Cloth, the yard -

And further for every square yard thereof And all other manufa£hxres of flax and hemp not particularly enumerated or described, or otjier-wife charged with duty, for every £.100 of the value -

And further for every square yard thereof Linked. See Seed.

- Oil. See Oil.

Lion Skins. See Skins.

Lipari Raisins. See Raisins.

Liquorice Juice or Ball. See Succus Liquoritia.

- Powder, the cwt. - r -

- Root, the cwt. -

Litharge. See Lead. '

Log Wood. See Wood*

Long Pepper. See Pepper.

Long Steel, See Steel.

Lofti Hides.See Hides.

Lucerne Seed. See Seed.

Lupines, the cwt.

Lute-strings. See Catlings.

M.

Mace, the Jh» - — Oil of.1 See Oil. Madder, viz.

- Crop Madder, the cwt.

(If for dyer's u(e, free.) — Fat, the cwt.

(If for dyer's use, free.) — Mull, the cwt. J

(If for dyer's life, free.) Roots*' the cwt.)

(If for dyer's use, free.)

Duty. Dnrhac

£'*d.

O O 00 0 0

O O9O O

0 0 7 O O

609 O O

x 0 3 O 1

OO9 O O

0 2 0 O 2

OOQ O O

0 2 0 O 2

0 09O O

33 0 0 29 8

009 0 0

2 1 3

OXIO

046

046

07a o 5 10 O I 2 0 8 6

X I

o

I

04

O 310

046 o 3 2 0010

059

L

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Mfooganv. See Wood, lladx. See Corn.

Mangrove Bark. See Bark, llama, the lb. Hap, exh ... ilubte. See Stone.

Marties for children, as Toys. Mates, as Horses,

Mans' Hides. See Hides. Marmalade, the lb.

Martin or Martren Skins.

-Tails,

See Skins.

Mafsick, red, the lb.

- of any other fort, the lb.

Mate. See Wood.

Mats of Russia, the dozen -

Matting, viz.

- of Barbary or Portugal, the square yard -

- of the Batavian Republic, the square yard -

- not particularly enumerated or deformed, or otherwise charged with duty, for every £.100 of the value Mattrafo, for every £.100 of the value ... Maw Seed. See Seed.

Mead, the gallon -

Meal. See Corn.

Medals, for every £.100 of the value -

--subject to a further duty if of gold or silver,

the ox. troy -

Medlars, the bushel

MelaSes, viz.

- of the produce of the British colonies or plantations in America, or the West Indies, the cwt.

- not of the British plantations, the cwt.

*' of the produce of the United States of Ame-

rica. See Schedule (B.)

Melting Pots: for Goldsmiths. See Pots.

Mercury, viz.

- Precipitate, the lb.

- t — Sublimate, the lb.

Metal, viz.

.. Bell metal, die cwt.

- Leaf meal (except of leaf gold or silver), the

packet of ago leaves - — prepared for battery, for every too of the.value -

Duty. Drawback*

£ la if

0 09008

0 0 2 0 0 1

00 0 0 006

008 0 06

013 oil

007 004

003 0 0 2

0 O 2 O O I

20 5 4. 16 13 4

20 5. 4 16 13 4

O O OO5

20 5 4 16 13 4

OO9 0 0 2

Ol8 o<6

0 5 4 041

0 10 5 092

0 2 4 0 2 2

O17 0 1 4

O99 060

OO3.0 0 3

20 5 4 16 13 4

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Metheglin, the gallon -

Mill Boards. See Paper.

Millet Seed. See Seeds.

Millinery Wares, not particularly enumerated or defdribed, nor otherwise charged with duty, for every £.100 of the value -

And a further duty by the lb. or by the yard1, on the materials of which fuc'h millinery wares shall be made, according to the respective rates to which such materials are subjeil.

Mill Stones. See Stones.

Mineral Water. See! Water.-

Minerals and FofSIs, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, for every /.100 of the value -

llinfc Skins. See Skins.

Mohair Yatn. See Camel Yarn, in Yarn.

Mole Skins. See Skim.

Moose Skids. See Skim.

Morells, the lb.

Moss, Rock Moss, the ton of 20 cwt.

(if for dyers* use, free.J Mother of Pearl Shells, for every £.100 of the value Mules, for every jf.rdo of the value

Mum. See Beer.

Mufieal Instruments, net particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, for every £.100 of the value

Musk, the oz. troy. -

Muffin, vi*.

-i — Plain White, having being imported by the United Cotfopany of Merchants Of England trading to the East Indies, the square yard

- not having been imported by the United Com-

pony of Merchants England trading to the East indies, the square yard -

- being worked or figured, printed, painted, Rained, or dyed, Romals and all ether mu-dufactures Of cottdft, o of dcfttort and linen mixed1, whether plain, printed, painted, Sained, or dyed, net being particularly

] Duty. 1 Drawba

£* £*i

o' 0 7 0 0

33 0*00

w 4»r 1 16 13 4

& 1 ft.0*i

IS ii it t

2Q 5 4*3 4

ao s 4 1613 4

33 0 0 .29 S o

0 S 7.0 2 y, 1

0. a it 0 % 9

049 046

SCHEDULE (A.) — ifJW'AKDS.

Muffin continued, vi*.

enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, for every £, 100 of the value And further, for every square yard thereof, if the same had been imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies -

- not having been imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indict, the iqiuffe yard -

Mufqutfh Skint. See Skins*

Mafiard Seed. See Seed.

Motion, as ProVifion*.

Mytrh, die B>.* m -

- N.

Naptinthg. Sie Liderf.

Natural BaHam. 8e* Balsam.

Neats' Tdogues. SeeTongoes.

Necklaces of Glass. See Bracelets*

Needles, as Hardware.

Nest Boxes. See Boxes.

Nets oM Fiibitig, freC.

Nedland or Newfoundland Fish. See Fish.

Nicaragua Wood. Set Wood.

Nitmtn, as Salt Petre.

Nutmegs, the lb.

- Candied, the lb. -

Oil of See Oil.

Nuts, viz.

- Cilbew, for evfcry /. 100 of the value -

- Chefouts, the bulhei -

- Pifbtchia Nuts, the lb.

- Small Nuts, the bulhei

- Walnuts; the bulhei -

Nux Vondica, the lb.

Duty.

jC* d.

26 S 4

Drawback. 16 13

o

soar

o a 11 o a it

o i 00 a f r

030021 o i 2ot i

3 i

0

o

o

o

o

0

1

o

X

O I X

29 8 6

5

6 5

o 11 o 7

4

O.

Oik, viz.

- Bark. See Bark.

- Boards. See Boards, in Wood.

- Knees. See Knees of Oak, in Wood.'--- Plartk. See Wood.

- Timber. See Wood.

Oakum, the cwt.

Oars. See Whod.

Oats. See Com.

Oatmeal.* See Cord*

e

z oooo4

64'Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 26. [t8oj

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Oil, viz.

- of Almonds, the lb. ----- of Amber, the lb.

- of Aniseed, the lb. -

- of Carraway Seed, the lb.

of Castor, the gallon

--of Cinnamon, the oz. troy

--of Cloves, the lb.

- Fish Oil. See Train Oil, in Oil.

- of Hempfjwd, the tun, of 252 gallons

- of Jessamine, the lb.

--of juniper, the lb. -

--of Linseed, the tun, of 252 gallons

of Mace, the lb. -

- of Maijoram, the lb.

- of Nutmegs, the lb. -

- of Oranges, the lb. -

- ordinary Oil of Olives, as 'Seville, Minorca, Majorca, Apuglia, Provence, and Portugal, and all other ordinary Oil of Olives, imported in shipping of the United Kingdom, the tun, of 252 gallons — in foreign shipping, the tun, of 252 gallons

--Palm, the cwt.

*--- of Rapeleed, the tun, qt. 252 gallons

--of Rosemary, the lb. -

- 1 - Sallad Oil, imported in shipping of the United Kingdom, the gallon -

- in foreign shipping, the gallon

--of Sassafras, the lb.

- Seal Oil as Train Oil, in Oil. y — - Seed Oil, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, the tun, of 252 gallons — Succinum. See Oil of Amber.

--of Thyme, the lb. -

--of Turpentine or Spirits, the loolbs.

- of Vitriol, for every loolbs. ... N.B. If for dyers' or manufacturers' use, free.

- of Walnuts, the gallon

--Whale. See Train Oil.

- all other Oils, being chemical Oils not par.

ticularly enumerated or described, or other* wife charged with duty, for every £. ioo of the value -

..Train Oil or Blubber, viz.

- Blubber of Newfoundland, of (idling of

Duty. Dnvba c

33 O O

£, 1. d. L

0 0 6 O 0

0 0 10 0 0 ]

O 3 4 O 2

O 1 8 O I

0 4 5 0 3 1

0 2 2 0 2 \

0 5 6 0 3 i

9 7 0 8 1 t

0 1 7 0 X i

0 0 1 i

1610 104 XI

0 3 10 0 3

0 2 2 0 2

0 690 3

0 2 2 0 11

8 6 7 6 1 it

9 40 7 0 2!

0 IX O 098

16 10 IO 139 X

0 X 3 0 X 1

0 I 1 0 0 11

0 I 2 0 X 0

0 I 6 0 X 0

1816 0 6 16 ol

0 a 2 0 2 0

09 3 0 18 9

0 2 0

0 2 2 0 X 8

29' 8

iSafJ Ann aregfai qtaidrageftmd quarto Gfcbftan III. c. 2*6. 65

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

03, viz. Train Oil or Blubber continued.

the United Kingdom, the tun, qt. 252 gallons - — — of any other fort of fishing of the United Kingdom, the tun, qt. 252 gallons

- Spermaceti Oil, or Head Matter of Fishing, of the United Kingdom, the tun, qt. 252 gallons -

- of foreign Fishing, the

tun, qt. 252 gallons -

- Train Oil, or Fish Oil, of Fishing of the United Kingdom, the tun, qt. 252 gallons

- Train Oil, or Blubber, or Fish Oil of foreign

Fishing, the tun, qt. 252 gallons - For the conditions and regulations under which Oil or Blubber of Whales and Seal Oil may be imported, under the duties imposed on such articles of Brhifh fishing or taking, fee the Act to which this Schedule is annexed.

- Cloth. See Linen.

Oker, or Ochre, the bushel -

Olibanum or Incense, the cwt. Olive Oil. See Ordinary Oil of Olives, in Oil,

- Wood. See Wood.

Olivts, the hogshead of 63 gallons Onion Seed. See Seed.

Onions, the bushel - - +'

Open Tapes. See Tapes. '

Opium, the lb.

Opopanax. See Gum.

Orange Flower Watef, the gallon -

Oranges, the 1000

Orange Juice. "See Juice of Lemons and Oranges. Orchal, the cwt. - r-.

(If for dyers* use, free; )

Orchelia or Archelia, the cwt.

8f for dyers' use, free.) il of Olives.- See Oil.

Ore, viz.

-1 — Copper. See' Copper.

Gold, free.

- *Irdn. See Iron.

- Lca<H See Lead.

- Silvet, free.

Vol. XUV.

Duty. Drawback.

<C* St

0 4* —

0 11 7 1

262 -

24 5 1 16 18 1'

0 17 4:

23 2 0 16 2 9

A, -r

0 i 7 2 0 2 6 I T x 17 It1

3>-9t' OO7 i id $r A OO4

0*8 '.032

'O' i ' 0 o.I3J 7 O I 8; 09 3

0 6 11 r, '-r 052

0 5 6 t 006

F

6$ Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c.i$. [*80.4

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS*

Daty.

Ore continued, viz.

- not particularly anuinerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, For every iool of the value*.-

Organzine Silk. See Silk.

Origanum. See Oil of Thyme, in Oil.

Orpitnent, or Auripigmentum. See Arsenic.

Orris Root. See Ins or Orris Root.

Orfedew or Freding, the lb..-

Ostrich Feathers. See Feathers,

Otw Shins. > s cj.int

Ounce Skins.} SttiXmi.

Outnal Thread. See Thread.

Ox Hair. See-Cow or Ox Hair, in Hair.

- Hides. See Hides.

--Horns. See Horns.

Oxen. See Cattle,

P.

Pack Ducks. See Drillings, in Linen.

Packing Canvas. See Canvas, in Linen.

Pack Thread. See Thread,

Paling Boards. See Boards, in Wood.

Pails or Kks of Wood, the dozen -

Painted Paper. See Paper.

Painters' Colours, not particularly enumerated or do.

scribed, or otnerwiile charged with disty, for every £. 100 of the value Paintings on Glass, fcr every £-ioo 9/ the value Painted Wares, not particularly enumerated or do.

fcrfibed, or otherwise charged with duty, for every /. 100 of the value BalmOiL SeeOiL,

Panther Skins. See Skins.

Pantiles. See Tiles.

Paper, vie.

- 'Bind, the ream -

And further for every jo lbs.

Brown, the bundle of two reams -

r And for ther fqr every jo lbs.

Gdld Paper, the small gross of (heets Hangings, for every square yard

Pate Boards, Mill Boards, and Scale Boards,

' for every cwt.

Trailing Papes, the 100 leaves And further; for every 10 lbs.

of all other forts, whether plain, printed, pointed, (tailed, or dyed, and not particularly

jC*d.

20 j

i

008

a a 2

S 4 33 o o

133 b ©4

o 1 to, O % l 0 12

0 2 1

0 8 6 0 0 6

1 a o 052 021

Drawback.

£. 1. eU

63 -4-

096

*»6

16 13 49*o

*980

o t 8

o a t

o 1 o

(XX t

O 4. 8

O o J

0 1) q

o 4 7

o a 1

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Paper continued.

enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty for every lb. ... Parchment, the dozen of 12 meets Pa ieBoards or Mill Boards. See Paper.

Paring Tiles. See Tiles.

Pearl Ashes, as AOieS.

Pearl or Hulled Barley, imported in shipping of the United Kingdom, the cwt.

-in foreign shipping, the.cwt.

Penh. Bee Diamonds.

Pearl Shells. See Mother of Pearl Shells.

Pears, thi bufltel -

- dried, the bafliel -

Peas. See Corn.

(If for Sowing, free.)

Peffitory, the lb. -

Pelts. See Skins.

Pencils, for every £. IOO of the value

Pens, for every £. too of the value Pepper, viz.

- Black or White, of the East Indies, the lb.

Cayenne, the lb.

- Guinea, the lb.

- Long, the lb.

Perfumed Oil, as Chemical OH.

Peffutterjr, not particularly enumerated or described, or crtheTwife charged with duty, for every too, of the value

Perry, See Cyder.

Pewvianus Cortex. See Cortex.

Pewter, did, for every /. too of the value -

Pickled Cucumbers, Bee Cucumbers.

Pickles, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, for every/. too of the value -

FiSure FVames, for every j£. too of the value Pi&urtt, for every too of the value '*-

Pig Iron. See Iron.

Pig Lead. See Lead.

Pict Boxen; See Boxes.

Pimento, vie.

i' of foe Brkifo planfttions, the lb.

not of the British plantations, the lb.

Fink Rodt, for every £.too of the value

Pins. See Haberdashery.

Pipe Boards, See Boards, in Wood.

Duty. Drawback*

£. t. C*<*'

0 07 005

290 170

084 077

09a o*8 S

'D I9016

ota 0 0 to

ft O O 002

10 5 4 16 n 4

20-5 4 1613

009 00 9

022 0 1 so

009 6 0 8

006 005

3J 0 0 29' 8 'o

20 S 4 16 13 4

33 0 0 29 8 O'

33 q 29 8 0

33 0 0 29. 8 0

o 0 i 0 3 3

004 003

33 0 0 29 8 0

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Piftachia Nuts. Sec Nuts.

Pitch, viz.

of the produce of any of the dominions on plantations of the Crown of the United Kingdom, the last of ia barrels, each barrel qL 31^ gallons -

- not being the produce of any of the dominions or

plantations of the Crown of the United Kingdom, imported in shipping of the United Kingdom, the last of 12 barrels, each barrel not exceeding 31^ gallons -

- in foreign shipping, the last of 12 barrels, each barrel not exceeding 31^ gallons — - of the growth or production of the United States of America. See Schedule (B.)

- Burgundy or Rhinehurst, the cwt.

"Planks. See Wood.

Plants and Trees, for every ioo of the value Plainer of Paris, the cwt.», -

Plate, viz.

- battered, fit only to be re-manufactured. See Bullion.

- of Gold wrought, for every £. ioooof the value - — further for every oz. troy thereof — of Silver gilt, for every 100 of the value — further for wrery oz. troy thereof — part guilt, for every £. too of the value - — - further for every oz. of troy thereof " ungilt, for every £. ioo of the value

- and further for every oz. troy thereof Plated Wares, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged With duty, for every £. ioo of the value thereof -, And further for every oz. troy of Plate

thereon ... Platters of Wood, the dozen Platting, or other Manufactures of Balt, Straw, Chip, Cane, or Horsehair, to be used in or proper for making Hats or Bonnets, for every £. ioo of the value thereof Plumbs dried, as Groceries.

Polonia Wool, as Spanish. See Wool.

Pomatum, the lb.

Pomegranates, the 1000 -

- Peels, the cwt.

(If for dyers' use, free.)

Pomice Stones. See Stones.

Pofcelane, See China Ware. Pork, as Provisions,

Duty. Drawback.

£ d. £. i. <U

0 18 s 0 14 9

6 19 6 0 15 10

1 0 11 0 17 3

O 00 0 073

3 19 2 072

007 006

16 16 2 16 16 2

082 024

16 6 2 16 6 2

012 009

16 6 2 16 6 2

oii 009

16 6 2 16 6 2

010 009

20 s 4 16 13 4

0 090 0 9

0 .09OOOO

OO W O O 29 8 0

Oil 0 0 0

126, 0 13 8

0921 065

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Duty.

Pot Allies* as Ashes.

Potatoes* as Provisions.

Pots, viz.

- melting Pots for goldsmiths, the 100

- of Stone* for every £. of the valoe

Poultry, as Provisions.

Powder, viz.

- 'Gunpowder. See in G.

- Hair Powder. See in H.

Sago Powder. See in S.

Precious Stones. See Diamonds,

Precipitate. See Mercury.

Prints, viz.

- Paper, for every 100 of the value

- coloured* for every 100 of the value Printers' Ink. See Ink.

Printing Letters or Types, the cwt. Provisions, (not being Groceries) not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty for every 100 of the value Note. The lord-lieutenant is authorised to permit the importation into Ireland of Corn and Fish, and all Provisions whatever* without payment of duty, fee the Act of 41 Geo. 3. c. 36. continued by subsequent Acts to 25th March, 1805.

Prunel Sal. See Sal.

Prunefloes, the lb.

Prunes, viz.

- imported in shipping of the United Kingdom, the cwt.

in foreign shipping, the cwt.*Pfylliupi* the lb. -

Pulse, as Provisions.

Purple Wood. Seo Wood.

Pyrmont Water. See Mineral Water, in W.

£. s.

025

44 0 o

33 0 0 33 0 0

1 14 8

>3 5 7

008

068

073

003

/.CL

Quaffia Wood. See Lignum Qua/fia. Queensborough Canvas. See Canvas, in Linen. Quercitron or Black Oak Bark. See Bark. Quern Stones. See Stones.

Quicksilver, or Argentum Vivum, the lb. Quinces* the 100 -- - -»

R.

Racoons Skins. See Skins.

Raddle, the barrel V

- 0 1 I

o

I 10

Drawback. £. s d.

O I 40 8

3

9

29 8 0 29 8 o

1 IO 89*3 7

005

042

049

003

oil

o*3 01 8

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Radix, viz.

- Enuls Campease, or Efulae, the cwt. - r

- Eringii, the lb.

- Ipecacoanha, the lb.

- Serpentarise, or Snake Root, the lb.

Rags, old, of Linen, fit only for making Paper, free. Railins, viz.

Belvedere, imported in shipping of the United Kingdom, the cwt.

- in foreign shipping, the cwt, 'Denia, imported in shipping of the United Kingdom, the cwt.

- in foreign shipping, the cwt.

- Faro, imported in shipping of the United Kingdom, the cwt.

in foreign shipping, the cwt.

- Lexia, imported in shipping of the United Kingdom, the cwt.

- in foreign shipping, the cwt. -- r'Lipari, imported in shipping of the United Kingdom, the cwt. — — -in foreign shipping, the cwt. - — Smyrna, imported in shipping of the United Kingdom, the cwt.

in foreign shipping, the cwt.

- of the Snn, imported in shipping of the United Kingdom, the cwt.

in foreign shipping, the cwt.

- »i — not particularly enumerated or described, or other wise charged with duty, imported in shipping of tiae United Kingdom, the cwt.

- .imported ifi foreign shipping, the cwt.

Rape, viz.

- Seed. See Seed.

- Oil. See Oil.

--of Grapes, for evety £. too of the valns

Ratifia. See Cordial Water, in Spirits.

Rattans. See Canes.

Raw Linen Yarn. See Yarn.

--Silk. See Silk.

Razors, the dicker oif 10 razors

Red Lead. See Lead.

- Wood. See Wood.

- Wool. See Wool.

Reed Canes. See Canes.

Regulus, the cwt.

(Of for dyers' use, free.)

Refiaa Jalappss, for every £. 100-of the.value.

Duty. Drawback*

£*£ i. d.

09IX 09it

002 002

027 023

020»0 .* 11

0 1490 13 4

0 17 0 0 IS 7

0 14 8 0 13 4

0 16 10 0 15 6

0 1490 13 4

0 17 0 0 is 7

0 IS 3 0 13 5

017J 0 15 7

0 16.9 .0 15 4

0 17 0 0 15 7

0 14 1 0 13 3

ov»6 4 0 15 6

0 16 3 0 13 f

018 j 0 15 8

0 14 8 0 13 4

0 16 11 0 15 7

20 5 4 16 13 4

069 0 6

09i) 0 b 0

33 © 19 8 0

ifof] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 2$. 71

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

ftuneharft. See Burgundy Pitch.

Shodioa Lignum. See Lignua).

Khubarh, the lb.

Ribband, viz.

- of Silk, the Ih. qt. 16 oz.

of Gold, or Silver, or both, the lb. qt. t6 oz. the the cwt..-

- of the produce of the United States of America, fee Schedule (B.)

Roch Alum. See Alum.

Rock Mofe. See Must.

Roounum Vitriolum. See Copperas Blue.

Ropes, viz.

- of Bast. See Bast Ropes.

new. See Cordage.

- old. See Junk.

Rose, viz.

- Copper. See Copper.

*f — Leaves, See Leaves of Roses,

Rofcmarjr, Oil of See. Oil. ftofin, viz.

- of the dominions or plantations belonging to the Crown of the United Kingdom, the cwt*

- not of the produce of any of the dominions or plan*

tations belonging to the Crown of the United Kingdom, imported in shipping of the United Kingdom, the cwt.

- imported in foreign shipping, the cwt. w — of the produce of the United States of America, fee Schedule (B.)

Round Wood. See Wood.

Rubies. See Diamonds.

Rum. See Spirits.

Rv^ as Corn.

Duty. Drawback.

jL'*d.

0*9 m ft O

13 0 7 0 6

891 8 1 1

0 XO 4 09$

O a

S

o a 1

0 s <0 o g i

0 4 Q 0

s.

Sable Skins. See Skins.

Saccharum Saturni, for every /. 100 of the value (If for dyers' use, free!)

Safsower, die lb..- " -

(If for dyers' use, free.)

Saffron, the lb.

Sagspinum Gum. See Gum,

Sam, whole or powdered, the lb.

au Cloth. See Canvas, in Linen.

Sal, viz.

- Alkali, the lb.

-v Ammontacus, the cwt.

33 o o

0*3

4

o

O 0.2

° M

a 4I o o g

Us.;

2

4

71 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 26. f 1804,

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty Drawback.

Sa! continued, viz; £ s. d. S. d.

Cornu Cervi, the lb. O 290 a 6

- Glauber, the cwt.*- - 0 16 6 0 g jo

- Prunella, the lb. - - o O 3 0 o 3

- Succini, the lb. m W 0 290 a 7

- Tartari, the lb. -m - 0 0 4 0 0 3

- Volatile Ammoniatus.for every 100 of tt>e value 33 O 0 29 8 0

Salep or S^lop, the lb. -'-0 O 4 0 0 a

Sallad Oil. See Oil.

Salt, viz.

- White or Bay, the bushel of 56 lbs. - 0 I 5

- not Bay, the bushel of 56 lb*.' 0 2 0

Rock, the ton of 40 bushels, each bushel qt. 65 lbs. 3 O 0

Salt Pctre, the cwt. 6 O 3

Sand Boxijs. See Boxes,

Sandrake Gum. See Gum.

Sanguis Draconis, the lb- - ? 0 I 1 0 0 11

Sarcocolla Gum. See Gum.

Sarsaparilla, the lb. - 7.0 I 1 0 x 0

Sassafras, the cwt.*7 0 4 0, 0 3 4

- Oil. See Oil. r

Saunders or Sanders Wood, viz.

Red, the cwt. t 0 8 3 0 0 9

(If for dyers' use, free.) m

0 0 8 0 0 I

{If for dyers' use, free.)

Scale Board. See, in'Paper.

Scammony, the lb. - r 0 4 5 0 3

Scoops of Wood, the dozen - m 0 i 8 0 1 6

Scordium, the lb. - m _ 0 0 3 0 0 2

Sculptured Marble. See Stones.

Sea Cow Teeth, the lb., 0 0 10 0 0 8

Sea Holly Roots, the cwt. 7 0 12 1 0 16 0

Sea Hone Teeth, the lb. 0 i 0 0 0 XI

Sea Morft; Teeth, die lb. 0 0 11 0 0 10

Seal Oil. See Train Qil, in Oil.

- Skins. See Skins,

Seed, viz.

Anniseed, the cwt. - - 7 0 17 11 0 15 8

- Ganary Seed, the'ewt.*- m _ 0 15 5 0 12 7

Carraway, the cwt. -» — 0 7 5 b 6 8

Carthamus, the lb. - r - M 0 0 3 0 0 2

- Cloyer, the cwt. m 0 6 2 0 7 5

- Cole, the quarter of 8 bushels'm - 03 2 0911

- Coriander, the'ewt.'- m 0 7 4 0 6 6

- Cummin, the cwt.»0 13 2 0 11 8

- Fennel, the fb.'- - -'0 0 3 0 0 3

rr-t- Fenugreek, the cwt. 7 0 8 7 0 7 9

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Seed continued.

- Garden Seed, or Forest Seed, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, the lb.

- Hemp, free.

- Linseed or Flaxfeed, free.

- Lacern Seed, the cwt.

- Maw, the cwt.

- Millet, the cwt.

- Mustard, thejewt.

- Onion, the cwt.

- Pioni or Peoni, the lb.

- Rape, the quarter of 8 bushels -

- Worm, the lb.

r — not particularly enumerated or defetibed, or otherwise charged with duty, and not being.Drugs, for every £. too of the value — Lac. See Gum Lac.

- Oil. See Oil.

Senna, die lb.

Seneca Radix or Root. See Radix.

Serpentaria Radix. See Radix.

Shaven Latten. See Latten.

Shaving for Hats. See Platting.

Sheep, as Provisions.

- Skins. See SJrins.

Sheep's Wool. See W ool.

Sheet Lead. See Lead.

Shellac. See Gum Lac.

Shells, Mother of Pearl. See in M.

Ships, with their Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture (except Sails} for every £.100 of the value Shovels of Wood, unihod, the dozen Shruff, or old Brass, fit only to be re-manufactured, the cwt. Shumac, or Sumac, the cwt.

(If for dyers5 ufcf free.) t

Sider. See Cider.

Silk, viz.

- Knubs or ffuiks of Silk, the lb. of 21 oz.

- Organzine, the lb. of 16 oz.

- Raw, of Turkey, the lb. of 24 oz.

- of any other country, except his Majesty's colonies or plantations, the lb. of 24 oz.

- of the Britisha plantations, the lb. of 24 oz.

- Thrown, dyed, 'thelb. of 16 oz.

undyed, the 16. of 16 oz.

Duty.

003

o 6 o 16

0 3 0 2 o 18 o o ° 5

O I

20 5

O I

5 o 0 3

o 12 o 3

o

o

o

o

Drawback.

£ A

o o

037 012 9

0 2 IO

0 I JO

Q3 7

o o 2

0 3 7

oil

16 13 4

Oil

027

O IO 2 O23

OO5 O 2 II O I XI

0 I If

001 o- 8 4 057

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Silk continued.

- Waite Silk, not particularly enumerated or defer! bed, or o|be(wife charged with duty, the ]b, of ib oz.

- Wrought, mix'd with Gold or Silver, or both,

not particularly enumerated or described, or jOtherwife charged with duty, the lb, of 16 oz. — Manufactures of all other forts, whether of Silk only, or mixed with any other materials, and not being particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, the lb. of 16 o±.

- Worm Gut, for every £.ioo of the value Silver Coin. See Coin*

- Plate. Sec Plate.

Simarouba Cortex. See Cortex*

Singing Birds. See Birds.

Sifter's Thread# See Thread*

Skeets for Whhfters, the fkeet*W Skins, viz.

t — Badger Skins, undressed, the (kin

Beat, undressed, the (kin* -

- Beaver, undrefed, or Indian half dreflfed, the

skin, of tjhe British colonies or plantations»not of the British plantations, the skin — if dressed in oil, a further duty the lb*

- Buck or Deer. See Deer, in Skins*

- Calabar. See Squirrel.

- Calve Skins in the hair, not tanned, tawed, or in

any way dressed^ the dozen skins, imported in shipping of the United Kingdom - -.w

- imported in foreign shipping, the dozen -

- tanned, the lb. -

- but if dressed in oil, a further duty for every lb.

- Cat, undressed, the 100 skins -

- Coney, undressed, the dozen skins -

- Cordivants, duelied, of Spain, the dozen

- of Turkey, the dozen

- Deer, undressed, the skin -

- *- dressed, the skin -

- Indian, half dressed or shaved, the skin -

y — Dog in the hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any

Say dressed, the dozen skins, imported in jpping of the United Kingdom

M — imported in foreign shipping* (he dozen skins.-

Duty. Dni^bai

d* £, '*4

o o 0 0

7397 >M

53 4 5*i

*0 5 4 16 13

o o a 0 0

o O JI 00

° 7 7 0 \

004 O 0 i

tf 1 1 0 0 l

0 0 3 0

0 i a 1 ! j

04a 0 Z i

008 0 0 3

0*3 0 0 j

0 16 4 0 14 j

O 0 y 005

I 1 O 0 16 ic

0 19 6 0 16 7

0 0 4 0 0 si

0 1*0 0 ir

0 Q 4 0 ° a

PO 0 Q 006

O O'0 0 10

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

SMm cog formed. c d. 6. / JL

Dog Fish, undressed, the dozen (kin*.- 0 390 2 9

i Elk Skins in the hair, not tanned, tawed. or In

any way drefed, the Hein, imported in shipping

of the United Kingdom - - 0 Q 8 0 0 1

the flea 0 1 0 0 0 5

- Endue or Arinin, undressed, the timber of 40

ticks - m 0 x6 1 04 7

- Fisher, undressed, the skin - m 0 2 P 0 1 10

- Fitches, undressed, the timber of 40 skins. 0 6, 8 0 S 0

- Fox, undressed, the (kin-.0 090 0 6

Tails, for every £, 100 of the value - 33 0 0 29 8 0

- Croat, vi».

- raw or undressed, if imported in shipping of.

the United Kingdom, the dozen 0 X 10 0 0 a

- imported in foreign shipping, the dozen 090 0 7 4

- »tanned, the dozen - - 2 892 4 S

but if dressed in oil, a further duty the lb. 0 0 4 O O 4

Hare, undressed, the 126 skins -0 4 6 0 l 6

- Hii/fe, uadrofled, the lkip, 0 0 3 0 O 3

- Kid in the hair, the 100 Qpns 0 I j

- dressed, the ioo (kios — *1 17 6 13 8

Lamb, undressed, in the wool, the 120 skins 0 7 tc 0 4 b

- dressed in dam, fall, or meal, the too skins 1 2 6 0 19 6

- w dressed in oil, the 100 skins a 12 to 2 0 to

0 Q 7 097

- Slink, undressed, in the wooL the 120 - 0 2 7 0 I it

Leopard, undressed, the (kin - 0 10 2 091

- Lion, undressed, the skin 0 4 2 0 3 9

- Marton or Martron, undressed, the limber of 40

/kins -3 16 10 3 12 6

- Tails, undressed, the 120 013 6 03 2

- Minever, the mantle -- 0 4 7 0 4 0

- Mink, undressed, the timber of 40 skins 1 h 4 1 2 10

- tawed, the timber of 40 skins I99199

- Male, undressed, the dozen - - 0 0 4 0 0 3

Moofc, undressed, the (kin - 0 4 1 0 3 1

Muiquasti, undressed, thy 100 (kina I 0 4 0 18 3

- Otter, undressed, the (kin -0 2 5 0 1 M

- Ounce, undressed, the (kia* 0 5 4 0 4 3

- Panther, undressed, the (kin -0 8 4 0 7 3

- Pelts of Goats, undressed, the dozen 0 2 2 0 1 to

>*dressed, the dozen 0 3 10 0 3 7

of all other forts, undressed, the 100 0 ta 4 0 10 t(

' — Racoon, undressed, the too skins 1 to 2 0 >9 4

' — Sable, undressed, the (kin - 0 4 5 0 3 ip

- Tails or Tips of Sable, undressed, the piece 0 09P 0 .1

SCHEDULE (A-) — INWARDS.

Skins continued.

- Seal in the hair, not tanned, tawed, or any way drelied, imported in shipping of the United Kingdom, the skin

--imported in foreign shipping, the (kin

For the conditions and regulations under which Seal Skins may be imported under the duties imposed on such skins of British fishing or taking, sese the Act to which this Schedule is annexed.

- Sheep, undressed, in the wool, the dozen skins -

--dressed in oil, tanned, or tawed, the dozen

skins -

--and further, as dressed in oil, for every iolb.

- Squirrel or Calahar, undressed, the timber of 40 skins -

- tawed, the timber of 40 skins

- Tails, for every/.100 of the

value

- Swan, undressed, the (kfn*-

- Tyger, undressed, the (kin.-

- Weasel, undressed, the lao skins

- Wolf, undressed, the (kin -

- tawed, the (kin — - Wolverings, undressed, the (kin

And also such of the skins herein-before enumerated, except those particularly provided for, as tanned or dressed in oil, shall be subject to the following further duties, viz.

- if tanned, for every iclbs. r

r — if dressed in oil, for every lb.

And pieces of skins, undressed, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty as' such/ for every £*10Q of the value -

- and pieced of (kin, whether tanned, tawed, or in

any way dressed, not particularly enumerated or described, or othertirife charged with duty such for every £. 100 of the value And furt her, if tanned, for every iolbs.

- if dressed in oil, the lb,

Slate Pencils, for every /.100 of the Value Slates in Frames. See Stones.

Slick Stones. See Stones.

Smalts, free.

Smyrna Raisins. See Railins.

Snake Root. See Radix Serpentariae. '

nuff, the lb.

III. c. 16.

Duty. Dnwbj

£ d-

0 0 a - - 1

0 0 10 O O 1

0 1 10 O X 1

065 0 6

006 0 0

0 3 4 0 a

0 4 5 0 3 1

33 0 0 29 8

016 0 i

050 0 3

042 0 1

0 8 10 0 7

0 12 4 0 11

052 O 4

012 0 1

003 0 0

33 0 0 29 8

33 0 0 29 8

012 0 1:

003 0 0

20/5 4 16 13 }

0 1 11 0 I 10

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Duty.

SmS continued.

--of the produce and manufacture of the United

States of America, fee Schedule (B.)

Banff Boses. See Boxes.

Soap, ra.

--Allies. See Ashes.

--Hard, the cwt.

- Soft, or Black Soap, for every £.ioo of the value

(If for dyers' or manufacturers' use, free.) Socotorina Aloes. See Aloes.

Spa Ware, for every £.100 of the value

- Water, as Mineral Water, in Water.

Spanifl) Wool. See Wool,

Spars. See Wood.

Spelter, the cwt.

Spermaceti, viz.

- Candles. See Candles.

- Fine, the lb.

- Oil. See Oil.

Spirits, viz. "

- Arquebusade, the gallon*-

- Arrack, the gallon -

- Brandy, imported in shipping of the United Kingdom, the gallon -

- in foreign shipping, the gallon

Citron Water, the gallon -

- Cordial Water, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, the gallon — Geneva, imported in shipping of the United Kingdom, the gallon- -

--in foreign shipping, the gallon

- Hungary Water, the gallon

- Lavender Water, the gallon -

- Rum, of the growth, produce, or manufacture

of his Majesty's colonies or plantations, the gallon -

Note, for the conditions' and regulations under which Rum or Spirits of the produce of the British plantations, may be warehoused without payment of duty, fee 41 Geo. III. cap 94.

- Rum not of his Majesty's colqnies of plantations, imported in shipping of the United Kingdom, the gallon not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, the gallon

£. s. d.

5 3*9

o 16

o 1

o 9

o9o 10 o 9

o90 10 o90 9

£. s. d'

33 o 0

Drawback.

094

0 7 3

0 ID

o 9

12 9

0 7 2

29 3 6

o 129o 1 j

o9t 091

o 8 10 o9to 091

091

0 8 10 o910 091 09c

071

o910

090

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Spirits continued.

And for every gallon of Spirits, called Brandy, Geneva, and Rum, above the quality of Single Spirits, an additional duty for filth Spirits to bepaid in proportion to the duties payable for Single Spirits of the like denomination, according to the compara-five degree of strength which it shall bear to Single Spirits of the like denomination.

- of Hartshorn, for every/. 100 of the value -

Spifitus Vitrioli. See Oil of Vitriol.

Spokes for Wheels. See Wood.

Sponge, the lb.

Spouts of Wood, for every £. 100 of the value -

Spruce, viz.

- Beer. See Beer.

- Efience of See Essence.

- Canvas. Set Canvas, fh Lirterf.

Squills, the cwt. -

Squirrel Skins. See Skins.

Stags' Horns.'See Horns.

Stained Paper. See Paper.

Starch, the cwt.

Note, for the conditions and regulations under which Starch may be imported, free of duty, fee the 40 Geo. III. chap. 43.

Stave&cre, the cwt.

Staves. See Wood.

Steel, Viz.

- Gad Steel, the cwt.

- Long Steel, the cwt.

- Wire. See Wire.

' — Wisp, the cwt.

Stibium. See Antimonium Preparatum.

Stick Lac. See Gum Lac.

Stock Fish. See Fish.

Stockings, viz,

- 1----- Cotton, for every £.100 of the value

Thread or Worsted, for every £.100 of the value -

Stocks for Anchors. See Anchor Stocks, in Wood. Stone Bottles. See Bottles.

Stones, viz.

Blood Stones, the lb.

- Burrs for Mill Stones, the 100

Dog Stones, not exceeding four feet in diameter, above fix and tinder twelve ihches in thickness, the last of three pair

Duty. > Drawba

33 0 © 29 8

013 00

20 5 4 t6 13

034 0 3

0 12 10 0 11 j

016 O 12 0

0 it 0 0 90

06$ 0 410

0 6 it 0 411 1

44 0 0 S 00 0

O O*40 8 0

0 a a -018

191 097

0 18 2 0 it 10

ttef ]iaao regni qwdngefino quarto Gxoaaii ni. c. a 4, 79

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

ftwenmueL

- Emery Stone*, the cwt.

- FJtenng Stone*, for every too of the value

- Flag Stones, the too square feet

- Flint for Potter*, the ion, qt. aoewt.

- Grinding Stones, the chalder, qt, to cwt. ----- Marble Blocks, for every /.too of the value

Mill Stones, above feet in diameter, or if it inches in thickness or upwards, the piece

- Pom ice Stones, the ton, qt. to cwt.»

- Qpern, under 3 feet in diameter, and not exceeding 6 inches in thickness, the last of three pair»i — 3 feet in diameter, and not above feet in diameter, and not exceeding 6 inches in thickness, (he last of three pair -

- Sculptured Marble, or Stone, or Statuary, for every £.too of the value -

- Slates in Frames, not exceeding-12 inches in length, the dozen - - 1. 1 .< 1 1 exceeding 12 inches in length,

the doacn

- Slick, the 10O stones -

- Whet, the 1 do stones -

Storft at Styrax, viz.

- *-Cabmha, the lb. -

- Liquids, the lb.

Sine Hats or Bonnets. See Hats.

- Plating. See Rating.

Stufi of all forts made or mixed with Wool, not par* ocularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, the yard -

And betides, if mixed with Silk, for every lb. qt. 16 02.

Saccades or Succards, the lb*

Saccini Sal. See Sal.

Sacdnum, as Amber. 3m Amber.

Saccas Liquoritiae or Liquorice Juice or Ball, the cwt. Sugar, via.

- refined, the cwt -

- White, of the British plantations, the cwt,

- not of the Britisha plantations, the cwt. - — Muftorado and Brown, of the British plantations, the cwt.

For the drawback on the due exportation of Britisha plantation fogar in the same state as imported, and the

Duty. Drawback.

£*J

Oil 0 1 0

20 5 4 16 12 4

0 16 6 O89

Oil O I t

042 0 3S

20 J 4 16 13 4

0 19 6 0 7 5

205 OII3

00* 0 053

1911 1 5 1

33 0 0 29 8 0

Oil 0 0 to

022 0 t tt

0 is- 6 0 15 t

030 0 2

012 01 i

009 007

077 0 5 to

5 11 S S 11 8

012 010

i 5 1 19 11

5 >9 1 5 19 1

179 —

a 16 s 2 16 S

1 3 10

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Sugar, viz.

Muscovado and Brown continued.

bounties oh refined sugar made thereof, See4i Geo. III. chap. 74.

42 Geo. III. chap. 60, and the

43 Geo. III. chap. 17.

- not of the British plantations, the

cwt.

- of the growth, produce, or manufacture of the East Indies, having been imported into England by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for every j£.ioo of the value thereof, British currency, according to the gross price at which such Sugar wall have been publicity sold at the East India company's sale in London And further, for every cwt.-of such Sugar - Candy, Brown, the cwt.

- White, the cwt.

- Moulds, the cwt.

Sulphur Vivum, the cwt. Swan Skins. See Skins.

Sweep Washers' Dirt, containing Bullion. See Bullion. Sweet Wood. See Wood.

Sword Blades, viz*

- ' — --fine, the dozen -

- coarse, the dozen.

T.

Tacamahaka Gum. See Gum.

Talc, viz.

- Green, the lb.

--White, the lb

Tallow, the cwt.

- Candles. See Candles.

Tamarinds, the lb. -

Tanners* Waste, for every £.100 of the value - Tapes, as Haberdashery Wares.

Tapestry, not of Silk, for every £, 100 of the value Tapioca, the lb.

Tar, viz.

- of the produce of any of the dominions or plants

tions of the Crown of the United Kingdom, imported in shipping of the United Kingdom, the last qt. 12 barrels, each barrel not exceeding 31^ gallons -

- not being of the produce of any of the dominions or plantations of the Crown of the United Kingdom, imported in shipping of the United King

Duty.

45

o

3

5

o

o

1

5

*9

19

*3

9

o 12 0 8

o

o

o

0

20

33

o

U' L

x 17 7

o

0

1

o

5

o

o

o 13 2

Drawbmct I

I 17

[45 1 0 5 3 19 5 19 o ix o 9

2

2

2

4

o

095

063

007 004 o .1 io

003 16 13 4

29 80

o o 3

o 10 3

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Tar continued.

don, the last, qt. 12 barrels, each barrel not (exceeding 3i{ gallons - — *- imported in foreign shipping, the last, qt, 12 barrels, each barrel not exceeding 314 gallons

- of the produce of the United States of America.

See Schedule (B.)

- Barbadoes, the lb.

Tares, for every, £.100 of the value -

Tarns, the bushel

Tartar, Cream of See Cream of Tartar.

Tartar! Sal. See Sal.

Tea, via.

- imported from Great Britain, having been pur-ebafed at any of the Tales of the East India company in London, at a price not exceeding 2J. 6 firitish, the lb. for every £.100 of the value thereof, according to such price

imported from Great Britain, having beep purchased at any of the Tales of the East India com-

Erry in London, at a price exceeding 21. 6 itiftt, the lb. for every £.100 of the value thereof, according to such price Tea felt, the icco -

Tdelcopes, for every £.100 of the value ... Terra, via.

- Japonica, for every too of the value -

--Umbra, the cwt.

--Verda, for every £. ICO of the value

Thermometers, for every £.100 of the value. - Thculoufe Woad. SeeWoad.

Thread, viz.

- Bruges or Bridget, the dozen lbs.

- Colton, for everyj£. jeo of the value -

Gold and Silver Thread, the lb.

- < — OutnaL the dozen lbs.

--Pack Thread, the 100 lbs.

- Siller's Thread, the lb.

- 'Whited Brown Thread, the dozen lbs. - not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, for every £.100 of the value.- -

Thrown Silk. See $iik.

Thyme Oil. See Op.

Ticket), as Manufactures of Flax, in Linen.

Ticks, as Manufactures of Flax, in Linen.

Tiffanies of Silk. See Silk Manufacture, is Silk.

Vol. XLV. G

Duty- Drawback*

£' £. 1.

0 14 7 0118

0 1 s 5 0 12 6

003 0 b 3

*3 5 79*3 1

006 oo4

25 17 o

42 7 0

0 0 3 33 0 0

G 0 ° o 7 11

*054

20 $ 4

I 1 10

1 s 0 o 19

° 'I 0 0

o 8

J3

o o

22 7 o

38 17 - 9

OO*

29 8 o

29 8 o 062 16' 13 4 16 13

O 14

46 o 15

o 15

0 4 0 7

o

o

2

3

4

9

2

29

8. 0

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Tiles, viz.

--Flanders Tiles, the 1000

- Galley or Galley Tiles, the foot square — Pan, the 1000 -

- Paving Tiles, not exceeding 10 inches square, the 1000 -

- exceeding 10 inches square, the

1000 -

- Plain Tiles, or any other Tiles not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, for every £.100 of the value - Timber. See Wood.

Tin, unwrought, the cwt..-

Tineal, as Borax, unrefined.

Tin Foil, for every £.100 of the value Tobacco, viz. '

- Unmanufactured, of the growth or produc-

tion of his Majesty's colonies, plantations, islands, or territories in America, the lb.

- if imported by (Grangers, or by any law now in force be subject to alien's duty, then a further duty for every lb.

- of the produce of the United States of America. See Schedule (B )

For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which tobacco may be secured in warehouses without payment of the said duties. See Acts relating thereto.

(Subject also to a duty of excise.)

- Pipes, the gross -

Tongues, as Provisions.

Tonnage Duty. See Schedule (D.)

Tooih Powder, for every £. 100 of the value Tornfal or Turnsole, the cwt. -(If for dyers' use, free.)

Tortoise-shell, the lb.

Toys, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, for every £*ico of the value -

Tragacanth, Gum, See Gum.

Train Oil. Sec Oil.

Tiwys of Wood, the (hock of 60 -

Trees and Plants, free.

Treenails. See Trcenels, in Wood.

Trenchers of Wood, the gross of 11 dozen Trustees, the lb.*- -

Tubs of Wood, not bound with iron, the dozen

Duty. Drawback.

£*d- £. t. d.

165 O II I

004. 003

s 12 6

127 IOO

1159IO9

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 17 7: 03 7

33 0 0 29 S 0

0 0 8i 0 0 8

>001 0 0 1

0 t 6 1 Oil

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 10 8 0 10 8

0*5 010

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 4. 5 040

Oil 0 0 8

0 2 2 0 1 11

O I I 00 9

ibf] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 26. 83

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

£. s. d. C' u

Turmeric, the lb. - -(If for dyers* use, free.) Turnery, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, for every 004 004

£.100 of the value Turpentine, via. 33 0 0 29 8 0

- common, the cwt. - — — of Venice, Scio, or Cyprus, the lb. - - — of Germany, or any other place, not common Turpentine and not otherwise enu- 033 007 ct N COO 0 0

rated or described, the cwt, - America. See Schedule (B.) Oil. See Oil. Tutiae Lapis. See Lapis. 0 16 6 03 9

Twine, the cwt, Twist, viz. — of Cotton of all kinds, for every £. ico of the 0 14 4 0 11 ir

value - -'- 44 0 0 40 8 c

- of Gold or Silver, or both, the lb. qt. 16 02.. — for Band Strings. See Band String Twill. Tyger Skins. See Skins. V. .*' 786 5 14 9

Vaionia, the cwt. - -> -(If for dyers' use, free.) b 10 0 0 1

Varnish, the cwt. - Valles, yiz. — of Stone or.Marble Sculptured. See Sculptured Marble, in Stones. 0 12 5 i 0118

- of any other fort, for every £. 100 of the value Veal, as Provisions. 33 0 0 29 8 0

Vellum, the skin'-Verdegris, viz. 0 1 10 0 1.9

- common, the lb. -(If for dyers' use, free.) chryftallized, the lb..Verjuice. See Vinegar. 0 0 10 017 009 016

Vermicelli, the lb. 004 003

Vermillion, or Cinnabar, the lb. ... Users. See Wood. 0 t 6 012

Vinegar or Verjuice, the tun, qt. 252 gallons - ? - to 15 3 8 15 7

Vinefiocs, the lb. -... Violet Leaves. See Leaves, Virginal Wire. See Wire. Vitriol Oil. See Oil. VitHoluni Romaniim. Sec Copperas Blue. o 2 067. O 5 9

84 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. 6. f 1^4.

SCHEDULE (A.V-INWARDS.

Umber, 'See Terfaj Umber, in T. Vomica Nux. Sec Nux Vomica, Vulture feathers. {ice Feathers.

W.

Wfinfcoj Boards, {See Boards in Wood, Tt, ogs, See Wood,

Walking Canes, See Canes,

Walnut pil. " See QiL Walnuts, ' See Washing Balls, See Balls.

Wade Silk. See Silk."' '

Watch Cyrasses, for fyei

Watches, of Gold, Silvery or qi

|Op ttevjW

Wejr Met?1?

for every

£ 100 of the value

- anjd further for every ounce troy of gold or silver thereon

See Spirits,

Water, Arquebufadf,

- Citron,

- r Hungry.

- Lavender,

- J^lineral or natural Water, the dozen bottl$f of

flaiks, eaclf bottle or stalk not exceeding three pints -

Note, the bottles or stalks containing such Mineral Waters are ta pay duty re (Actively.

- Strong Water. See Cordial Water, in Spirits. Wax, vif.

- Bees, untnanufactured, the cwt.

- White or maqufadiyred^ npt otherqfife dtfcrihedj

the cwt. r '-

Hard, the lb, ,

--Myrtle or Bay, the lb.

- Sealing Wax, See Hard Wax,

- Candles. See Candles.

Weasel Skins. See Skins.

Weed Ashes, as AH^es.

Weld, the cwt, -»-

f If for dyers* use, free.)

Whale Kins, or Whale Bone, viz.

V' — 7 ----- -of foreign idling, the

ton of 1© cwt. "

*, ? —, i, b — ... of flffiing of the United Kingdom, and imported in shipping thereof, thq ton of -

£ d.

Duty. I Drawback

83

5?o.

33 A

099

029

1 1$ 1

*43

O -9

o o

t

O $ Q

13a99 I li 0

4 5

29 8 0

Q99

0*7

I to 10

1 n

q 0.

994

0 I 1

IS* f 0

1 u 3

SCHEDULE (A.) — IN WAR Da

Duty.

Whale Fins, or While Bone contmupd. s. 4.

1 1----- of the United States, of

America* See Schedule

£B.)

Note, far the importation ot Whale Fins, British caught ind aired* See the At\ fa which this Schedule is, annfcxdd.

- Oif. See Oil.

Wheat. See Corn,

- flour. See torn.

Whet Stohes. See atones*

Whip Cotd, the lb/, - O O 4

Whilk Brboms. $ed Brooms.; ,

White Boards for Shoemakers. See* Boards, m Wood.

White Lead. See Lead.

Wicker Ware, for etfery £. too of the tMue - - 20 5 4

Wine, via.

- Frfeftcb, imported in shipping of the United Kingdom, filied, the tun, qt. 752 gallons - \7i

- in foreign nipping, filied, the

tu % qt 252 gallon* - - J77

- 1 in shipping of the United Kingdom, unfilied, the tun, qt. 252 gallons - -70

- in foreign shipping, unfilied, the

ton? qt. 252 gallons - - £7*

: Sr, £, 7;

- Madeira, hnpohed in shipping..of the United Kingdpqf/ filied, she Hut, qt.

252 gallons -.- 40 3

- k — in foreign, -(nipping, filled/1

the.tun, qt- 252 gallons - 50 16 5 r — 1 — in shipping of the Ufiiicd Kingdom, unfilied, the tun, qt. 2$a ga^enfs -

- in foreign shipping, unfilied, the tun, qt. 252 gallons* — Portugal, SpanSh, and Canary Wines, and all Wides of the dominions of Spato, and the Wines of Sicily and Ndpjes, — imported in shipping of the United Kingdom, filied, the' tun, qt. 252 gallons - -r in foreign shipping, filied, fhd tun, qtr 252 gallons -

3

8

xi

XX

7

6

Drawback.

0 0 3

1

6 13 4

70 16 21 73 5 11

65 >9 7, 68 4 6

546 o 5

46

47

48 o

49 f3

473 S

42 17 9

44 6 1

4, 18 4 47, T*,

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

-4-

Wine, Portugal Wine, &c. continued.

——: — in shipping of the United Kingdom, unfilied, the tun, qt. 252 gallons

- in foreign shipping, unfilied, the tun, qt. 252 gallons -

- Rhenish, Germany, and Hungary Wines, imported in shipping of the United Kingdom, filied, the tun, qt. 252 gallons-

- in foreign shipping, filied, the

tun, qt. 252 gallons -

r — in shipping of the United Kingdom, unfilied, the tun, qt. 252 gallons

- " in shipping, unfilied, the

tun, qt. 252 gallons -

- not otherwise enumerated or described, imported in shipping of the United Kingdom, filied, the tun, qt. 252 gallons -.

- imported in foreign shipping, filied, the

tun, qt. 252 gallons'- — in shipping of the United Kingdom, unfilied, the tun, qt. 252 gallons - — - in foreign shipping, unfilied, the tun, qt. 252 gallons - 7

Wire, viz.

- Brass, or Copper, the c\yf.

-7--- Gilt or Plated, for every £. 100 of the value

-7 — and for every oz. troy of Gold or Silver thereon r

- Iron, the cwt. -

- Latten, the cwt.

- Silver or Gold, for every £. 100 of the value -

- and further for every oz. troy Of such Silver or Gold -

--Steel, the lb.

--Virginal, Brass, or Copper, the lb.

- Iron, the lb.

- of any other fort, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, for every £. 100 of the value -

Wisp Steel. See Steel.

Woad, Green Woad, the cwt.'-

(If for dyers' use, free.)

- Thouloufe Woad, the cwt. - 7 -

(If for dyers' use, free.)

Wolf Skins^ 7 g Skins.

Wolverings, J bCC bKlns?

III. c.z6.[1804.

DUty. Drawback.

£. s. d. £*d.

+4 17 7 4*5 7

46 6 6 44 4 6

37 »P 8 32 16 2

39 5 4 34 10 10

34 J7 6 TP 3 9

36 89314 3

35 4 6 33 2 6

37 2 7 35 0 7

32 10 1 32 8 1

34 40 32 2 1

2 in 1 11 6

33 0 0 it) S P

0 09OOP

4 8 7 3 >9 6

I 19 H 1 11 3

20 5 4 16 13 4

0 090 0 9

0 1*0 1 0

015 0 1 4

0 1 6 0 1 5

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 a 7 0 1 9

0 4 5 0 3 5

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS* Duty. Drawback.

Wood, viz. — Anchor Stocks imported in shipping of the United £- i. d. £' d.'

Kingdom, each in foreign shipping, each - 017 0 1 8 0 0 II O I

tations, each ... — Ashes. See A fees. — Balk, being 5 inches square, and under 8 inches square, or if 24 feet in length, or up* wards, the 120, — imported in shipping of the United 007

Kingdom - — in foreign shipping, the 120 — under 5 inches square, and under 24. feet in length, the 120, — imported in shipping of the United 2 11 11 2 16 7 I 0 11 1 5 7

Kingdom - — in foreign shipping, the 120 — of all iorts, under 8 inches square, of the growth and production of the British colonies and plantations in America, for 0 19 0* 4 0 10 3 0 12 7

every 120 - - being 8 inches square and upwards, are to be considered ts Timber, and paydutyasfuch. — Barrel Boards* See Boards, in Wood* — Barrel Staves. See Staves, in Wood. — Battens, being 8 feet in length and under 12 feet, and not exceeding 7 inches in breadth, nor 2i inches in thickness, the 120, — imported in shipping of the United 0 11 0

Kingdom - — 3 inches in thickness, the 120, — -imported in shipping of the United 0 8 10 0 11 2 0 '6 10 088

Kingdom ... 096 01 4

1 - in foreign shipping, the 120 — being 3$ inches in thickness, the 120, — — imported in shipping of the United 0 11 10*1 T Q97

Kingdom - — in foreign shipping the 120 — 4 inches in thickness, the 120, — imported in shipping of the United Kingdom - '» in foreign shipping, the 120 — — 4* inches in thickness, the 120, — imported in shipping of the United 0 10 1 0 12 79'7 0 0 10 2

0 10 10 0 13 2 0 8 6 0 jo 8

Kingdom ... 0116 0 .9 1

in foreign shipping, the xao 0 13 11 0 11 5

SCHEDULE ( A.) — INWARDS. Duty* Drawback.

Wood, Battens, continued. being ii feet in length and under 14 feet in length, not exceeding 7 inches in breadth, nor io thickness 2? inches, the 120, — imported in Chipping of the United £ d. £.r. i.

Kingdom 0 10 2 ! 0 7 11

in foreign Chipping, the 120 - "-being 3 inches in thickness, the 120, — imported in shipping of the United 0 iz t 0 10 2

Kingdom*0 it 4 087

- in foreign shipping, the i20 3I inches in thickness, the 120, — imported in shipping of the United 6 »3 3, 0 10 8

Kingdom - 0 12 1 093

- in foreign shipping, the 12O — — 4 inches in thiekness, the 12©, imported in shipping of the United 0 14 0 119'

Kingdom - 0 12 09ir

- *- — in foreign (hippiivg, the 120 — imported in shipping of the United Q 14 It 0 12 6

Kingdom - — in foreign shipping, the 120 — being I4feet and Under 16 feet in length, and nor exceeding 7 inches in breadth, nor exceeding in tnicknefc 2£ inches, the 120, — imported in shipping of the United; 0 »3 7 05 8 0 ic 8; 0 1] 4

Kingdom - — in foreign shipping, the 120 — »3 inches in thickness, the 120, — imported in shipping of the United 0 xi 6, 0 14 8 O90 0 XX 7 1

Kingdom - 0 it 8 0 9? 0 12 0 - A

" in foreign shipping, the 120*» 3^ inches in thickness, the 120, — imported in shipping of the United 015 7

Kingdom 0 13 5 0 Ip 6 0.3

- in foreign shipping, the 120 — 4inches in thickness, tire 120, — — imported in shipping of the United 0 10 6

Kingdom - 0 14 4 0 »J 3 0 1+ s

- in foreign shipping, the 120 <*4^ inches in thickness, the 120, 0 17 7

- imported in shipping of the United Kingdom - — in foreign shipping, the 120 — being 16 feet and under 18 feet in length, not exceeding 7 inches in breadth, nor 0 15 3 0 19 I 0 i? 0 0 15 i

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

hW, Battens, continued,

exceeding In thickness a, inches, thej 120,

--imported in shipping of the United Kingdom -

- in foreign shipping, the 120J

- 2 inches in thickness, the iaa,

--imported in dipping at the United Kingdom -

- in foreign shipping, the I2e

- 3* inches in thickness, the iae,

- imported in shipping of the United]

Kingdom -

- 1-in foreign shipping, the ltd]

- inches in thickness, the 1 So,

- imported in shipping of the United Kingdom -

in foreign shipping, the 120}

4t inches in thickness, the 120,

- imported in shipping of the Unhodf

Kingdom

- in foreign shipping, the fact

- being 18 feet in length and not e*cecd-f ing 20 feet in length, and not exceeding 7 inches in breadth, nor in thicknekf inches, the 120,

- imported in shipping of the Unitodj

Kingdom -

in foreign shipping, the >20

-T*4" — 3 inches in thickness, the >20,

- imported in shipping of the United Kingdom

+ — in foreign shipping, thej 120

inches in thiskness, the ia<*

- imported m shipping of the United Kingdom

*--- in foreign shipping* tht\

>20

*w*- 4 inches in thickness, the >20

- imported in (hipp&ng Of the United}

Kingdom* — in foreign Slipping* she 12O

4* inches in thieknef*, the HO — itpported in shipping of the United Kingdom.-

Duty. Drawbick.

£'*£*d.

0 it 6 O 10

0 iS 5 0 it 10

° 'I 2 0 10 11

0 16 6 O 14 0

O 1+ 4 Oil 9

0 17 ij 0 15 ,

05 J'0 it 7

°9 5 0 16 2

0 16 1 0 13 4

0*17 2

0 1+2 0 11 3

0 16 4 0 14 4

0 15 0 0 12 1

° >7 7 0 iS 5

0 16 0 03

0 18 8 0 16 7

0 16 10 0 14 s

100 0 17 10

0 18 0 0 14 ix

SCHEDULE (A.J — INWARDS,

Wood, Battens, continued.

- imported in foreign shipping, the

j 20

exceeding 20 feet in length, and not exceeding 7 inches in breadth, nor in thickness 2* inches, 4he 120,

- imported in shipping of the United Kingdom

in foreign shipping, the 120

3 inches in thickness, the 120,

..imported in shipping of the United Kingdom -

- in foreign shipping, the " 120 - 1

- 2i inches in thickness, the 120,

- imported in shipping of the United!

Kingdom

- in foreign shipping, the 120

- 4. inches in thickness, the 120,

- imported in shipping of the United Kingdom — in foreign shipping, the 120

- 4$ inches in thickness, the 120,

imported in shipping of the United Kingdom - — in foreign shipping, the 120

- of the growth and production of the British colonies and plantations in America, the 120 - — exceeding 7 inches in breadth to be deemed as Deals, and to pay duty as such, according to their respective dimensions.

- Batten Ends, being under 5 feet in length, anc not exceeding 7 inches in breadth, nor in thickness 2\ inches, the 120, — imported in shipping of the United Kingdom

- in foreign shipping, the 120

' — — - 3 inches in thickness, the 120,

- imported in shipping of the #, United Kingdom

Duty. Drawback;

JL*i

tzi 0 19 4'1

0 17 0 04 1

1 1 s 07 11"

0 18 3 0 15 1

129 09 5

0 19 4 0 16 3

140 r 09

1*5 0 18 1

1 5 10 1 2 4

1 2 2 0188

180 1 4 4

056 <6 0 0

0 1 10 1 0 1 g

02 4 0 2 a

0 2 0 1 0 1 10

J

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

£. s. d.

Rood, Batten Ends, continued. - imported in foreign shipping! the 120 027 0 a. s

- imported in shipping of the United Kingdom 022 0 1 it

- in foreign shipping, the 120 - 029 026

- imported in shipping of the United Kingdom - 0 2 5 022

- in foreign shipping, the 120 O 2 II 028

imported in shipping of the*united Kingdom 0 2 7 0*3

- in foreign shipping, the 120 0 3 I 0 2 10

not exceeding 7 inches in breadth, nor in thickness 2i inches, the 120, ' — imported in shipping of the United Kingdom 0 2 6 023

- in foreign shipping, die 120 0 3 1 0 2 19

- imported in shipping of thef United Kingdom 029 025

- in foreign shipping, the 120 - 0 3 5 031

- imported in shipping of the United Kingdom 0 3 1 027

- in foreign shipping, the 120 imported in shipping of the United Kingdom -.- 038 0 3 5 0 3 "1 0 lift

- in foreign shipping, the 120 04° 036

» — 44 inches in thickness, the 120, imported in shipping of the United Kingdom 0 00 030

the 120 045 04

dudion of the British colonies and plantations in America, the 120 056 006

SCHEDULE (A-) — INWAkttfc.

Wood, fatten fends, continued.

- > — exceeding 7 inches in breadth to be ddcmea &s Dell Ends, and to pay duty according to their respective diujenfidris.

- Beech Boards. See boards, ih Wood,

- Plank, being 2 inches in thicXness.or up-

wafds, the load, qt. 50 cubic feet, — — imported in (Hipping of the United Kingdom^-

- iri foreign feippiBg

of thk growth of prriduttion^ of the

BritHfi criloriies or plantations in America, the 220 -

- Quarters, being $ inches square and under 8 inches Iqiihfe^ the 120,

imported in shipping of the Uriite'd Kingdom -

- in foreign shipping

- being under jj inches square, the jack

--imported in ship^iflg or the

Unked Kirigdoih -

- fh fdrfcign (nipping, tnc

126

- a — of ail fefts, brider jj inches square, of the growth and production of the British' colrihies and plantations ih America, the tao -- Boards, Efarrel, the 120,

- irhported dripping of the United Kingdom -

- in foreign shipping -

- Beech', tinder 2 iriches in thickness, and under 15 feet in length, the 120, — *-v irftported hi shipping, of the United I kingdom -

- a- — iri foreign shipping, the 120 r under 2 inches in thickhess, and bfefrig 1$ feet in length and upwards, the lad,

- imported iri (nipiping of the United Kingdom -

- imported in fdfeign shipping, (fie 126 _ -v - — Cl3p Boards, or Clap Holt, riot exceeding.

5 feet 3 inches in length, and under 8 inches square, the 120,

fruty.

X>awl

£ % i# d.

o 9

S

c

5 4 o S

0 3 5 0

7

15

o5

o 17

on

° IS

O 10

o 13 0 18

0 17

1 o

o 18

1 3

o9O 12

5l »4

Oij

8

2

1

iaj

o91

- *\

O II li

0 II I

o 13 a

tow rffpi q\i»dr?gp(Ja)p Qmw III. c.$, 99

SpfjN^DULE (A.) — INWARDS,

T

boards, Clap Boardf continued*

- i - imported in (bippipg of the United Kingdom*- — ip foreign (bippipg, the 120

i1 — of the growth and production

of the fyitish colonic* and plantations in America, the

|2Q* -

t- Lion Board*, or White Boards, for Shoemakers, feet in length, and Under 6 inphqs in thicknefa, the lift,

*r-r- imported in shipping of the United Kingdom -7 —, — in foreign shipping, the I

" — x- 4 ffet in length, and ip thing-ness 6 inches, the J20, x-r- imported in shipping of the United Kingdom -. -in foreign shipping, the i?o*-

-r — Oak, under 2 inches in thicknefa, and under ij feet in length, the m<la r- imported in pipping of the United Kingdom -

- 1 — r in foreign uwpptng* the m» -

- under 2 inchea in thickest* and as

feet in length ox upward* tbn 1 w, "1 — s imported ip shipping W the United Kingdom*»

--rr in foreign (hippmgf the-

120 -

Paling hewed on the one side, PQt- exceeding 7 feet in length, the 12Q» -5 — *- of ported*(hiPP'^S"e United Kingdom - -. ..Ti'v in foreign flipping, the 120

- exceeding 7 foot in length, the 120,

-rrr-i ipipnued in shipping of the United Kingdom, -." — r — r in foreign shipping* the igo -.

Pvtjr,

4.

o 17 b 17

o 8

1 18*4

37

4 8

t 5 8

1 10 8 1 13 9

1*9

2 11

3 4

S

3

Drawback.

(' 4

093 O911

009

1 3 6 1 9

270 3 18

0 18 4

3 4

1 3*1 % I

0*S.

s no

020 o 2 f

94 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 26. [ 1'

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS, Duty. Drawl

Wood, Boards, continued* Pipe, above 5 feet 3 inches in length, and not exceeding 8 feet in length, and under 8 inches (Square, the 120, — imported in shipping of the £»*4.

United Kingdom*in foreign shipping, 0 16 IC °1

the 120 " — exceeding 8 feet in length, and under 8 inches square, the 120, — imported in shipping of the 0 17 8 0 i

United Kingdom — — in foreign shipping. 0 18 2 0;

the 120 — of all forts, exceeding 5 feet 3'inches in length, and under 8 inches square, of the growth and production of the British colonies and plantations in Ame- 0 19 3 0 8 I

rica, the 120 — Wainscot, the foot, containing 12 feet in length, and one inch in thick-new, and so in proportion for any greater or less length or thickness, imported in shipping of the 067 0 0

United Kingdom 007 0 0

- in foreign shipping merated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, being of the growth and production of the British colonies and plan- 008 0 0 '

tations in America, the no - White. See Linn Boards. — Boom Sparse See Spars. — Bowsprits. See Mails, in Wood.* — Boxwood, the ton, qt. 20 cwt. imported in shipping of the 034 0 0;

United Kingdom — in foreign shipping the 288 19! a 41

ton, qt. 20 cwt. settlements, in America or Africa, the 2 u 5 I 12

ton, qt. 26 cwf. - -'Brazil or Fernambucco Wood, the ton, qt. 20 1 1*0 x9rf A

cwt.*(If for dyers' use, free.) 0 j 9

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Wood continued. £-»d. £*d.

- Bnziletto or Jamaica, the ton, qti ao cwt. (If for dyer*' life, free.) 0 II 3 0 10 3

- Cam, the ton, qt. ao cwt. -(If for dyers* use, free.) — Cant Spars. see Spars, in Wood. — Clap Holt. See Clap Boards. — Deals, being 8 feet in length, and under 12 feet in length, and not exceeding 2i inches in thickness, the 120, imported in shipping of the United I S 8 024

Kingdom - — in foreign shipping, the 120 — 3 inches in thickness, the 120, — imported in shipping of the United O O sO + U> O* 03 3 0 17 1

Kingdom - - 0590 14 4

- 34 inches in thickness, the 120, — imported in shipping of the United Kingdom 106 0 15 10

0 17 1 05 7

- in foreign shipping, the 120 — 4 inches in thickness, the 120, — imported in shipping of the United 1 1 10 0 17 10

Kingdom -.- — in foreign shipping, the 120 4$ inches in thickness, the 120, imported in shipping of the United Kingdom... — in foreign shipping, the 120 — being 12 feet in length, and under 14 feet in length, and not exceeding in thickness, 24 inches, the 120, imported in shipping of the United 0 18 4. 1 3 3 0 16 8 1 I 2

09 7*5 8 0 17 8 1 2 8

Kingdom - 0 16 10 0 15 5

- in foreign shipping, the 120 — 3 inches in thickness, the 120, — imported in shipping of the United 1 1 2 ° 19 9

Kingdom - 0 18 1 0 16 10

in foreign shipping, the 120 — 3J inches in thickness, the 120, — imported in shipping of the United Kingdom - 1211 106

° 19 3 018 t

in foreign shipping, the 120, — 4 inches in thickness, the 120, imported in shipping of the United Kingdom - — in foreign shipping, the 120 — inches in thickness, the tao, 1 4 7 1 3

1 A 5 163 0 19 3 1 5 9

Duty. Dr* w\

£*d* I. a.

1 z S 1 8 .1 1 0

p 19 7 I J 6 0 17 x 2

1 t r*7 4 0*1 4

t 2 11. 1 8 7 1 0 1 6

491 to 3 x 2 I 6

1 6 5 1 H*3 i I 10 -

1*7 1 8 1 0 19 x 3 (

1 JIO I 10 10 i X i 9*7 9

1 8 1 IJJ 2 1 3 4 1910

1 10 3 ( lh .4 150 1 12 1 i

I 12 5 I 19 ll 1 6 7*»4 3

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Wood, Pealf, &c. pqntinued.

- imported in shipping of the United

kingdom

- >. in foreign shipping* the IRQ. — being 14 feet in length, and finder 16 feet in length* and not exceeding la thieknsh 2t inches, the 120,

...imported in shipping of the United Kingdom -

- in foreign shipping* the 120

- ' — 3 inche» in thwknest* the lap,

- »-- imported in shipping of the Unite* Kingdom - -,

- in foreign shipping* the I2Q

- r — 3| inches in thickness, the 120.

"»" imported in shipping of the United Kingdom*- - 1

- *in foreign shipping* the 120 4 inches in thieknos, the tap,

imported in shipping of the United Kingdom -

- t — in foreign shipping, the 120 44 inchef in thickne^, the 120,

imported in shipping of the United Kingdom -

- in foreign shipping* the 120

- vbeing 16 feet in length, and finder 18 teet in length* and opt exceeding in thicknefe 24 inches, the 130,

- imported in shipping of the United Kingdom -

- r — uj foreign shipping, the 120

- 3 inchef in thicknefjs the 120,

- imported in shipping of the United Kingdom -

- in foreign shipping* the lao

- 34 inche* in thickness, the 120,

- > imported in shipping of the United Kingdom

i-, in foreign shipping, the 130 — 4 inches in ibicknrfo, the 120,

-> — »imported in shipping of the United Kingdom -

.. in foreign shipping* the i?Q

- 44 inches in thickness, the 12O,

- imported in shipping of the United Kingdom -

- in foreign shipping, the j30

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Wood, Deals, &c. continued*

- seeing 18 feet in length, and not exceeding*20 feet in length, and not exceeding in

thickness 2* inches, the 120,

- imported in shipping of the United Kingdom -

- in foreign shipping, the 120

- 3 inches in thickness, the 120,

- imported in shipping of the United Kingdom -

- in foreign shipping, the 120 — 3i inches in thickness, the 120,

- imported in shipping of the United Kingdom -, -

in foreign shipping, the 120 4 inches in thickness, the 120,

- imported in shipping of the United Kingdom.

' in foreign shipping, tKe 12Q

- inches in thickness, the 120,

- imported in shipping of the United Kingdom -

- in foreign shipping, the 120

exceeding 20 feet in length, and not exceeding 25 feet in lei^tb, and not exceeding iii thickness 2i inches, the 120,

- imported in shipping of the Unitec

Kingdom,

- in foreign shipping, the 120

3 inches in thickness, the 120,

- imported in shipping of the Unitec

Kingdom -

- in foreign shipping, the 120 — 2i inches in thickness, the 120,

- imported in shipping of the United Kingdom

in foreign shipping, the 12O — 4 inches in thickness, the 120,

- imported in Dripping of the Uhitec

Kingdom -- - in foreign shipping, the 120 — 4x inches in thickness, the 120,

- imported in shipping of the Unitec Kingdom -.

- in foreign shipping, the 120

feet in length, and not exceeding.thickness 2i inches, the 120,

VouXLV. 'H

Duty.

Drawback,

in

£*d.

1 4 i X 98 1 2 t 1 8 a

i 6 11 1 11 11 1 3 11 1 10 6

192 1 i+ 8 1 s 11 I 12 2

1 11 4 I j6 10 187 I 15 2

1 13 7 2 ! 1 I 0. 7 i 18 s

198 1 xy5 1 7 7*5 S

1 11 11 a 0 8 199 1 18 3

1 14 1 2 3 5 1 12 1 2 1 1

1 16 4 a 5 1 1 14 6 240

1 18 C 2811 1 / 1 169t 2 7 10

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback

Wood, Deals, &c* continued. £*d: £. s. d.

Kingdom - 1 16, j 13

- in foreign shipping, the 120 2 ! 8226

- 3 inches in thickness, the 120, — imported in shipping of the Unitec Kingdom ... x 19: 1 1 15 ro

- in foreign shipping, the 120 2 10: 1261

- 3! inches in thickness, the 120, ' imported in shipping of the United Kingdom - 2 II()x 18 It

- in foreign shipping, the 120 2 13 11 [297

inches in thickness, the 120, — imported in shipping of the United Kingdom -4 7 227

- in foreign shipping, the 120 117 a 2 13 1

- 45 inches in thickness, the 120, — imported in shipping of the United Kingdom - 2 7 10 2 4 3

- in foreign shipping, the 120 3 2 17 9

- being 30 feet and upwards in length, and not exceeding in thickness 2* inches the 120, — imported in shipping of the United Kingdom*2 2 11 1 18 it

in foreign shipping* the 120 2 15 0 2910

3 inches in thickness, the 120* imported in shipping of the United Kingdom - 262 2 1 10

b — in foreign shipping, the 120 - 306 a 13 11

- 34 inches in thickness, the 120, — imported in shipping of the United Kingdom - 296*i1

in foreign shipping, the 120 — 4 inches in thickness, the 120, — imported in shipping of the United Kingdom - - 3 4 " 2101*

2 13 4 2 to 0

1 in foreign shipping, the 120 394 324

- 44 inches in thickness, the iso, — imported in shipping of the United Kingdom 2 17 2 2 11 9

- in foreign shipping, the 120 3 17 0 379

Deal Ends, being under 5 feet in length, and not exceeding in thickness 24, the no, — imported in Hupping of the United Kingdom 038 n t 8

in foreign shipping, the 120 0 4 5> 1 0 3°

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Wood, Deal Ends, &c. continued*

- 3 inches in thickness, the 120*

- imported in shipping of the United Kingdom -

- in foreign shipping, the 120

- 34 inches in thickness, the 120,

- imported in shipping of the United Kingdom

- in foreign shipping, the 120

- 4 inches in thickness, the 120,

- imported in shipping of the United Kingdom

.* — in foreign shipping, the 120

- 44 inches in thickness, the 120,

- imported in shipping of the United Kingdom

in foreign shipping, the 120

- being 5 feet and under 8 feet in length,

and not exceeding in thickness 2*

inches, the 120,

- imported in shipping of the United Kingdom

- in foreign shipping, the 120

- 3 inches in thickness, the 120,

- imported in shipping of the United Kingdom -

# - — - in foreign shipping, the 120 — - 3! inches in thickness, the 120,

- imported fn shipping of the United Kingdom

- in foreign shipping, the 120

- 4 inches in thickness, the 120,

- imported in shipping of the United Kingdom

- in foreign shipping, the 120

- 44 inches in thickness, the 120,

- imported in shipping of the United Kingdom — in foreign shipping, the 120 — Deals and Deal Ends of all forts, of the growth or production of the British colonies or plantations in America, the 120 - — Ebony of the growth or production of the British colonies, plantations, or settlements, in Africa or America, the ton, qt. 2Q cwt.

- of any other* country or place, the ton, qt. 20 cwt; -

Duty. Drawback*

£*(C* d.

040 ° 3 7

054 048

0 4 5 060 0 3 11 052

042

065 056

056 046

072 062

t

4

6. 9

5 8 7 4

5 i

8 10

056

o 14 8 16 o

045

059

o 4 10 062

057

071

o 5 11 079

006

839

SCHEDULE (A) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Wood continued. — Fire Wood, the fathom, being 6 feet wide and 6 feet high, — imported in Chipping of the £*A £- s. A

United Kingdom - i.in foreign shipping, the 0 a 3 0 1 s

fathom — of the British colonies or plantations 029 022

in America, the fathom - — Fir Quarters, under 5 inches square, and under 24 feet in length, the 120, n- imported in shipping of the United Kingdom in foreign shipping, the 0 0 7 0 12 1 0 0 g 097

120 - square, if 24 feet or upwards, in length, the 12b, — *- imported in shipping of the 0 IS 5 012 1

United Kingdom % in foreign shipping, the 120 - of the growth and production of the British colonies or plantations 1 4 2 1 10 10 0 18 4 >35 r

in America, the j2o - Fir Timber, See Timber, in Wood. 0 11 0 0 I 0

- Fustick, the ton, qt. 20 cwt. -(If for dyers* use, free.) Guinea Wood. See Red Wood. — Handrpikes, under 7 feet in length, the tto, — *- imported ifi shipping of the 0 16 6 016

United Kingdom - —; — in foreign shipping, the 0 38 024

120 - 1 »' " of the growth or production of the British colonies or plantations in 0 390 2 5

America, the 120 the i20, — imported in shipping of the United Kingdom*016 0 0 2

0 S 10 046

1 in foreign shipping, the 120 British colonies or plantations in © 6 7 053

' America, the 120 0 290 0 3

Wood continued.

- Knees of Oak, under 5 inches square, the ICO,

imported in shipping of the United Kingdom

in foreign shipping, the

tae

'* being 5 inches, and under 8 inches

square, the no,

imported in shipping of the United Kingdom - — in foreign flapping, the 120 »" of all forts under 8 inches square, of the growth or production of the British colonies or plantations in America, the 120 -

- " above 8 inches square, the load, qt

50 cubic feet,

' imported ht shipping of the United Kingdom

- in foreign shipping, the

load, qt. 50 cubic feet* 1 of the growth or production of the

British Colonies or plantations in America, being 8 inches square or upwards, the toad, qt. 50 cubic fleet — LathwOod, in pieces under 5 feet in length, the fathom, being 6 feet wide, and 6 feet high,

--imported in shipping of the

Kingdom

...in foreign shipping,

the fathom

- »in pieces, being 5 feet in length and upwards, the fathom, seeing 6 feet wide and 6 feet high,

- imported in shipping of the United Kingdom - in foreign shipping the fathom - — 'in pieces of all forts, of the growth and prod u(Sion of the Btitifli colonies and plantations in America, the fathom, being 6 feet wide and 6 feet high — Lignum Yitte, the tun, qt. 20 twt.*

(If for dyers' use, free.)

- Lin Boards. See Boards, in Wood.

- Logwood, the ton, qt. ao ewt.

(If for dyers' use, free.)

Duty.

o 3 1 O 4 II

o 17

O 18 J

0 5 1

0 5 i o 6;

O II )i

0 12 1

O 17 o 19.

© 3

0 7

o 6

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS, Duty. Drawback.

Wood continued. '*Logs, Wainscot. See Wainscot, in Wood. — Mahogany, the growth or production of any part of America or the West Indies, the £. s. d. £*d.

ton, qt. 20 cwt. f - O 14 4 0*4

or place, the ton, qt. 20 cwt. - -'Schedule (B).' — Masts, Yards, and Bowsprits, bang 6 inches in diameter and under 8 inches in diameter, the piece, imported in shipping of the 2 II 4 1 18 4

United Kingdom - 0 2 7 0 1 11

piece 0 2 8 0 2 0

in America, the piece in diameter, the piece, imported in flapping of the a 2 2 0. i 6

United Kingdom*-- — - in foreign shipping, 054 036

the piece 058 04s

in America, the piece diameter, the load, qt. 50 cubic feet, r — r imported in shipping of the 0 4 5 0 3 I

United Kingdom - — in foreign shipping, the 0 17 3 098

load, qt. 50 cubic feet in America, the load, qt. 50 cubic 0 18 4 0 10 9

feet - -N.B. Masts, Yards, and Bowsprits, under 6 inches in diameter, to pay duty as Spars of the like denomination. 0 15 s 0 7 10

- Nicaragua Wood, the ton, qt. 20 cwt. ? -(If for dyers' use, free.). — Oak Boards. See Boards, in Wood. Knees. See Knees of Oak, in Wood.' _ — Plank, being 2 inches and upwards in thick-ness, the load, qt. 50 cubic feet. 2 12 5 1 16 s

Kingdom... 0 12 6 O (A O

SCHEDULE (,) — INWARDS.

Wood, Oak Plank, &c.continued.

- imported in foreign shipping, the

load, qt. 50 cubic feet

- of all forts, of the growth or pro-

duction of the British colonies or plantations in America, the 120 -

- Timber. See Timber, in Wood.

- Oars, the 120,

--imported in shipping of the United Kingdom

- in foreign shipping, the 120 — of the growth or production of the British colonies or plantations in America, the 120

- Olive Wood, of the British colonies, plantations, or settlements in Africa or America, the ton, qt 20 cwt., -- of the growth of any other place, the

ton, qt. 20 cwt.

- Paling Boards. See Boards, in Wood.

- Pipe Boards. See Boards, in Wood.

- Plank, Beech. See Beech, in Wood.

--Oak. See Oak, in Wood.

- Red or Guinea Wood, the ton, qt. 20 cwt.

(Iffor dyers' use, free.)

- Round Wood in pieces under 8 inches square, and

under 6 feet in length, the 120,

- imported in shipping of the United Kingdom

- in foreign shipping, the

120

- ' in pieces -under 8 inches square, and being 6 feet in length or upwards, the 120,

- imported in shipping of the United Kingdom

- in foreign shipping, the

120 -

- in pieces of all forts, under eight inches

square, of the growth and pro- duction of the British colonies or plantations in America, the 120 Sapan Wood of the British colonies or plantations, for every £100 of thp Value — I' of the produce of any other country,

for every/100 of the value"*- Spars, under 22 feet in length, and under inches in diameter, exclusive of the bark, the 120, — imported in shipping of the United Kingdom

Doty. Drawback.

£*d. £ -d.

0 14 1 07

056 006

231 1 ? 4

2 10 i i 16 4

0 13 i 012

083 0 a 9

160 028

160 028

0 11 0 05 6

0 12 1 667

12 0 0 11 0

4*0 13 2

0 2 2 002

39 a —

ao 5 4 16 13 4

4 081 0 3 10

Wood, Spars, &c. continued.

--imported in foreign shipping, the 120 -

being. 22 feet in length and upwards, and

under inches in diameter, exclusive of the bark, the 120,

- imported in Slipping of the United Kingdom - — in foreign shipping, the 120 — 4 inches and under 6 inches in diameter, exclusive of the bark, the 120,

imported in shipping of the

1 United Kingdom -

- in foreign Slipping, the 120 - - — *- of aH forts, under six inches in diameter, exclusive of the bark, of the growth or production of the Britirti colonies or plantations in America, the 120 N.B. All Spars 6 inches and upward* in diameter, are to pay duty, as Marts according to their respective dimen-'fioAs.

- 5ptekled Wood of the British colonies, plantations, or settlements in Africa, or America, the ton, ql. 2 6cwt.

of the growth of any other country Or place, the ton, qt. 20 cwt.

- Spokes for Wheels, dot exceeding 2 feet in length, the 1000, mtm.m — imported in shipping of the United Kingdom

in foreign shipping, the 1000

1. — — 1 exceeding 2 feet in length, the

1000,

- imported in shipping

of the United Kingdom

- in foreign shipping, the 1000

- 1»* of all forts, of the growth or production of the British colonies or plantations in America, the 1000 r — Staves of all forts, not exceeding 50 inches in length, the 120.

Duty. Drawback.,

£,f. s. d.

0 8 11 0*00

0 16 6 0 7 ir

0 17 7 090

1 15 2 O 17 4

1 17 5 0 jq 7

067 0 0 '-a

0 11 0 010

2 15 0 234

0 13 11 0 511

0 16 2 080

19014 4

1 12 8 0 16 8

O 005

6 0 VJ 0 0 1

Wood, Stines, continued.

- of all forts, exceeding 50 iriches in length, the 120 -

- of the United States of America, See Schedule (B.)

- Sweet Wood, of the growth or production of the British colonies, plantations, or settlements, in Africa or America, the ton, qt. 20 cwt. - -(If for dyers' use, free.)

- of any other country or place, the ton,

qt. 20 cwt. (If for dyers' use, free.)

- Timber, vie.

- Fir Timber, being 8 inches square, and

not exceeding 10 inches square, the load, qt.50 cubic feet,

imported in shipping of the United Kingdom

...in foreign (hi p-

shipping, the load, qt. 50 Cubic fttt

*' — exceeding 10 inches square, the

load, qt. 50 cubic feet,

- imported in dripping of the United Kingdom

- in foreign ship-

ping, the load, qt. 50 cubic feet -

- »being 8 inches square or upwards,

of the growth or production of the British colonies or plantations in America, the load, qt. 50 cubit feet — Oak Timber, 8 inches square or upwards, the load, qt. 50 cubit feet,

' imported in shipping of the United Kingdom

- in foreign ship-

1*ping, the load

qt. co cubic

I*feet -

IQf d.

o I

Duty.

Drawback.

OOl

O II O

360

O49

2 16 O

O45

0 5 3

04.9

056

018

076

084

099

0 3 7

o 2 to

o 3 g

0 0 9

O3O

o 3 10

Wood, Spar*, &c. continued.

--imported in foreign shipping, the lao -

being, aa feet in length and upwards, and under inches in diameter, exdulive of the bark, the 120,

- imported in shipping of the United Kingdom

- 1 in foreign shipping, the 120 — 4 inches and under 6 inches itl diameter,

exdulive of the batk, the 120,

- imported in shipping of the

1 ( United Kingdom -

- in foreign Slipping, the 120

- of B forts, under six inches in diameter, exclusive of the bark, of the growth or production of the British colonics or plantations in America, the 120 N.B. All Spars 6 inches and upwards in diameter, are to pay duty.as Masts according to their respective dimen- (tons.

- Sptekled Wood of the British colonies, plants-tions, or settlements in Africa, or America, the ton, ql. a0 cwt. -- > of the growth of any other country

Or place, the ton, qt. 20 cwt.

- Spokes for Wheels, hot exceeding 2 feet in length, ^the 1000,

- imported in shipping of the United Kingdom

- in foreign shipping, the 1000

- exceeding 2 feet in length, the

1000,

- imported in shipping

of the United Kingdom -

- in foreign shipping, the ioooo

*"' 1* > '»' of all forts, of the growth or production of the British colonies or plantations in America, the 1000 — Staves of all forts, not exceeding 50 inches in length, the 120 -

f 5 d.

o 8 II

o 16 6

o 17 7

1 15 2

1 17 5 067

O II o

2 15 0

o 13 II O l6 2

194 1 12 8

042

o o 7

o

0

o i

o 13 o 19

o o

O I

2 3

0 s 1 0 8

0 14 4 0 16 8

O05

001

ttatl Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. 1.1

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

IFood, Staves, continued.

- of all forts, exceeding 50 inches in length, the 1X0

- of the United Sates of America, See Schedule (B.)

- Sweet Wood, of the growth or prodtt&ion of the British colonies, plantations, or settlements, in Africa or America, the too, qt. 20 cwt. - -(If for dyers' use, free.)

of any other country or place, the ton,

qt. 30 cwt. (If for dyers' use, free.)

- Timber, vis.

- , Fir Timber, being 8 inches square, and

not exceeding 10 inches square, the load, qt.50 cubic feet,

- 11 imported in shipping of the United Kingdom

- in foreign ship-shipping, the load, qt. 50 cubic feet exceeding 10 inches square, the kad, qt. 50 cubic feet,

-imported in dripping of s United Kingdom — in foreign shipping, the load, qt. 50 cubic feet -

being 8 inches square or upwards, of the growth or production of the British colonies or plantations in America, the load, qt. 30 cubit feet Oak Timber, 8 inches square or upwards, the load, qt. 50 cubit feet.

Lr

o

Duty.

Drawback.

d.£

x 1

o it o

360

of the United Kingdom ... 076

- in foreignship- ping, the load, qt. 50 cubic 084

feet -

045

653

04.9

056

018

1. 4

001

049

a 16 o

o a9037 o a io 3 S

00s

030

o 3 jo

Wood, Oak Timber continued.

- being 8 inches square or upwards, of the growth or production of the Britishi colonies or plantations in America, the load, qt. 50 cubit feet -'-

- of all forts, not particularly enumerated or described, or other-

wife charged with duty, being 8 inches square or upwards, the load, qt. 50 cubic feet,

ft — >.imported in topping of the United Kingdom'in foreign top-

ping, the load qt. 50 cubic feet

- of all forts, not particularly enumerated

or described, or otherwise charged with duty, being & inches square or upwards, of the growth or production of the British colonies or plantations in America, the load, qt. 50 cubic feet Treenails, or Trenails, the xoooo,

1 imported inr topping of the United Kingdom -

- in foreign shipping,

the 1000 -

Users, under 5 inches square, and under 24 feet in length, the z 20,

- imported in shipping of the United Kingdom — -in foreign shipping, the 120

- being 5 and under 8 inches square, or if 24 feet in length or upwards, the 120,

- imported in shipping of the United Kingdom -

in foreign shipping, the 120 -

- of all forts* uniter.8 inches square, of the

growth, or production of the British co-K ionics or plantations in America, the 120

1»Wahifcot Boards. See Boards. '

- Logs, 8 inches square or upwards, the t load^qt. 50 cubic feet,

imported in shipping of the United Kingdom

038

045

0 5 3 0

0

0180

o 3 iol o

045c

o 16 6j

0 17 7j

1 15 21

I l6 4I o 8 iol

o 8 10!

SCHEDULE (A,) — INWARDS.

Ww^ Wainscot Logs, &c. continued.

- imported in foreign shipping, the load, qt. jO cubic feet -

- being of the growth or pro-

duction of the British colo- nies or plantation* in America, the Toad, qt. 50 cubit feet -

--Yards. See Marts.

.. Unmanufactured, of the growth or production of the British colonies or plantations in America, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, fore very jf. 1 oooof the value

- not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, for every-^.100 of the

£ s' d-

o9ti

value.

imported in shipping of the United Kingdom - -in foreign ship-

ping, for every £.100 of the value -

i of the growth or production

of the United States of America. See Schedule (B.)

Wool, viz.

- Beaver, the lb.

- Cut or Combed, the lb. -

- Carmenia. See Goats* Hair, in Hair.

- Coney, the lb.

- Cotton of the growth or production of the British colonies or plantations in America, the loolbs. ... — of the growth or production of Turkey, the toolbs.

1 of the'growth or production of any other country or place, the xoolbs.

- of the growth or production of the United

States of America. See Schedule (B).

- Eft ridge or Oflrich, for every /.too of the value

- Goats. See Goats* Hair, in Hair.

- Hares' Wool, the 100 lb*.

- Red Wool, not Spanish, for every £.100 of the value -

Duty.

Drawback. £. s. J.

O X

038

3 19 a

r

20 s 4

25 o o

01 t I 3 I

o o I

o9t 087 o 13 9

3 19 a 030 39

o o 4

07a

16 13 4 at 8 o

1 1 8

07a

003

07a

Wool, continued.

Spanish, free.

- Turkey Goats. See Goats' Hair, in Hair. Woollen Stuffs. See Stuffs.

Yam. See Yam.

Worm Seed. See Seed.

Worded Tapes, as Haberdashery.

Yarn. See Yam.

; '- Y.

Yards. See Mails, in Wood.

Yam, vifc.

- Cable Yarn, the ewt.

- Camel or Mohair, the lb. qt. 16 ox.*

- Cotton, the lb.

- Grog ram, the lb.

- Raw Linen. Yam, made of Flax, the lb.

- Wick Yam, for every £.100 of the value

--Woollen and Bay Yarn, the cwt.

- Worsted, being of two or more threads, twilled or thrown, the lb..- — — of any other fort not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, for every £.100 of the value -

Yellow Berries. See Berries.

X.

Zafire. See Cobalt. Zodoaria, the lb.

All ether goods, wares, and merchandise whatso ever, not being particularly enumerated or de (bribed, or otherwise charged with duty, and not being prohibited to be imported into, or used in Ireland, and not being exempt from duty, for ctery £.100 of the value thereof

o

o

o

0

o

33

o 19

Drawl

IT'

008

33

012

0 0 0

0

0

29

011

ao 5 4 1613

29

0

Schedule (B.)

A Schedule of the Net Duties to be charged on the Importation into Inkmi of Goods. Wares, and Merchandise, therein enume-

rated or fcscribed, being of the Growth. Produce, or Manufacture of the Crated States of Avmiea, and of the Drawbacks to allowed on the Exportation thereof from Inland,

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

JL"*£'d.

Arrow Root, the cwt. - Aflws of all kinds, fret. Saver Skins. See Skins. Slabber. See Oil. Zaire Skins. See Skins. Zorn. See Acts relating thereto. 0 ti 0 0 2 0

Cotton Wool, the cwt. - 098 O O It

Sum, Cashew Gum, the cwt. (If for dyers* use, free.) Elenp, rough, free. Tides, viz. Buffalo, Bull. Cow, or Ox, ' in the hair, the 0 3 10 OO4

piece - Horses, Mares, Or Gelditigs, in the hair, the 0 0 7'"T

piece - - or Pieces of Hides, rawer undsessed, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, for every £.100* O O

of die value ... 20 s 4 l6 13 4

Heps, die cwt. -- - Note. For the conditions and regulations under which Hops may be warehoused, See 40 Geo. III. chap. 43. X 18 7 0 15 4

Indigo, die toolbs. --- (If for dyers' use, free.) Iron in bars, or unwrought, free. — Pig Iron, free. StfafYamb, or Bowsprits. } Seo Wood' Oil, Spermaceti or Head Matter, the tun, qt. 252 gal- 0 1) 2 ot 3

Ions - - 24 $ 1 2* 1 7

- Train OB, or Blubber, or Fish Oil, the tun.*

qt. 252 gallons --- 23*0 2* s

Rich, the lad, qt. 12 barrels, each barrel, qt. gallons Rwifions (not being Groceries) for every £.100 of the 0 18 5 0 9*

value. 13 s 6913 6

SCHEDULE (B.> — INWARDS. Duty. Drawbi

Provisions continued. Note. For the conditions upon which Corn and Fish, and all other Provisions may be imported without payrhent of duty. See 41 Geo. 1(1. ch. 63. continued, by lubfequenr acts until 25th March, 1805, £. t. d.

Rice, the cwt. - - Note. For the conditions under which Rice, the produce of the United States of America, may be warehoused on importation, See 41 Geo. III. ch, fect 8..0 10 4 0 8 i

Rosin, or Colophonia, the cwt. - Seed, — Hemp Seed, free. 025 0 a

Rape, the quarter, qt. 8 bushels 049 0 3

Skins, Beaver, undressed, the fldn Calve, in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any 004 0 0

way dressed, the dozen Heins.0 1 5 0- 0 1

Snuff, the lb. - '- - 0 in 0. 1 1

Spermaceti, Fine, the lb. Staves. See Wood. Tar, the last, qt. 12 barrels, each barrel not exceeding 0 I, 6 0 t ]

31* gallons Tobacco, viz. 0 13 2 0 10

unmanufactured, for every lb; — if imported by Strangers, or by any law now in force be subject to alien's duty, then* a 0 o' 8 0 0

further duty for every lb..-.For the conditions, regulations, and re-ft rift ions under which such Tobacco may be secured in warehouses, without- payment of the above duties, See 37 Geo. In. r ch. 42. since continued _ (Tobacco is subject also to a duty of Excise.) Tonnage Duty on flitps entering outwards or inwards. See Schedule (D.) 001 0 0 1 1 r

Turpentine, common, the cwt. 0 3 3 >3]

Whale Fins, or Whalebone, the ton, qt. 20 cwt. Wood, viz. 132 0 0 130 s (

- Anchor Stocks, the piece'. -.- 007 0 0 \

- Balks of all forts, under 8 inches square, the 120 0 11 0 0 1 c

- Batten sand Batten Ends of all forts, the 120 - 05b 0 0 1

- .Beech Plank of all forts, the 120; — — Beech Quarters of all forts, under 8 square, the 034 0 0 i

1 120--. -. 1. 0 II O 0 1 c

SCHEDULE (B.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback;

Food, continued. — Boards, Clap Boards, exceeding 5 feet 3 inches in length, and under 8 inches £.* d. £*A

square^ the 120 and under 8 inches square, 083 0 0 9

- the 120 — Bowsprits. See Mails. Box Wood, the ton of 20 cwt. - 056 vO O O

1 1 2 0 1 it

- Deals and Deal Ends of all forts, the 120 056 006

Ebony, the ton, qt. ao cwt. - — Fire Wood, the fathom 6 feet wide and 6 feet 0 14 0 0 1 3

high - Fir Quarters of all forts, under 8 inches square, O O 0 0 t

the t20 ... 0. IX 0 0 1 0

Handfpilees, under 7 feet in length, the 120 o_.i 6 0 0 2

7 feet in length or upwards, the 120 — Knees of Oak of all forts, under 8 inches square, 0211 OOJ

the 120 — 8 inches square or up- wards, the load, qt. 056 vO O O

50 cubic feet - - — Lathwood in pieces of all forts, the fathom, 6 feet 038 O O

wide and 6 feet high ° 3 10 OOA

- Lignum Vitae, the ton, qt. 20 cwt.^(If for dyers? life, free.) 074 0 0 8

- Mahogany, the ton, qt. 20 cwt. - — Mads, Yards, or Bowsprits, 6 inches in diameter, and under 8 inches, the 0144 0 1

piece - and under 12 inches, 022 016

the piece — 12 inches in diameter, and qpvrards, the load, qt. 50 cubic — r —: 0 01 031

feet. - .'- — Oak Plank of all forts, the 120 0 is 5 0 5 6. 0 7 to 006

- Oars, the 120 - Olive Wood, the ton, qt. 20 cwt -. — Round Wood in pieces of all forts, under 8 inches square, the 120 -'- — Spars of all lorts, under 6 inches in diameter, ex* dufive of the bark, the 120 0 >3 2 083 0 2 2 067 0 I % O O q 0 0 % n a

- Speckled Wood, the ton, qt. 20 cwt. — Spokes for Wheels of all forts, the ioooo — Stave* of all forts, not exceeding 50 inches in 0 8 10 0 4 2 w w I 0 0 to 0 0 5

length, the 120 - O O 0 0 1

SCHEDULE (B.) — INWARDS.

Wood, Staves of all farts continued.

exceeding 50 inches in length,

the 120

- Sweet Wood, die ton, qt. 20 cwt -'

(If for dyers' use, free.)

- Tftnber Oak;, being 8 inches square or upwards, the load, qt. 50 Cubic.feet -

- of all forts, not particularly enumerated or

deferred, or otherwise charged with duty, being 8 inches square or upwards, the load, qt. 50 cubic feet -

- Useri of all forts, under 8 inches square, the 120

- Wainscot Logs, being & inches square or upwards,

the load, qt. JO cubic feet

- Yards. See Mans

- unmanufactured, not particularly

- enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, not being exempt from duty, and not being for the purposes of dying, for every £. too of the value -AH other goods, wares, and merchandize whatever, not being particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty in this Schedule, and not prohibited to be imported into, or used in Ireland, being of the growth, production, or manufacture of the United States of America, and imported according to law, shall and may be entered and landed on payment of such duties of culloms (and also of excise, in cases where duties of excise ajre due and payable thereon), and no higher, as are payable on goods, wares, ant merchandize of the like denomination or description, upon their importation into Ireland, in shipping of the United Kingdom, from any other foreign country; and in cases where different duties are imposed upon goods, wares, and merchandize of the lit denomination and ddcription, imported from dlflerent foreign countries, then upon payment of the lowest duties whiqh by law are required to be paid on the importation in shipping of the United Kingdom, of any such goods, wares, or merchandize from any foreign country, according to the Schedule or Table referred to in the Ad, to which this.Schedule is annexed.

Duty. 1 Draw b a

s. d.j I-

Oil 0 0

O II 01 0 I

0 u 00 ! 0 0

0 18 0 c

0 8 10 0 c

038 \ 0 \

3 19 20

itofr] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 26. 113

Schedule (C.)

A Schedule of the Duties payable upon the Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Iiebnd.

OUTWARDS.

Allies of Wood, the last of 12 barrels

- of all other forts, for every £. too of the value

Bacon, the flitch -

--other, and Haros, the cwt.

Bones, Ox, the xcco -

--unmanufactured, for every £. 100 of the value

Calves' Skins, for every £. too of the value Calves* Valyes, for every £. ioq of the value Cards Wool, new, the dozen -

- old, 'the dozen -

Cheese, the cwt.

Coney Hair or Wool, black or white, the lb/

Copperas, for every A ioo of the value Fur, called Rabbit's Grey Fur, the lb.

Furriers' Waste, for every £. ico of the value Geldings or Nags. See Horses.

Greaves, or Grease, the ewt.

Guts, Ox Guts, the barrel - S

--of other Animals, for every £. xoo of the value

Hair, viz.

--Harts, the cwt.

--Horse, the cwt.

- Human, for'cveiy £. ioo of the value -

- Kids, for every £. ioo of the value

- Ox, Cows or Bulls, the cwt.

Hardhorn, the cwt.

Hempfeed, the quarter of 8 bushels Hides, raw and untanned, the piece Hogs or Pies, the piece alive Hog's Lard, the cwt.

Horns, viz.

--Bucks, the hundred of 6 score

- Goats, the cwt.

- Ox, the thousand of 6 score to the hundred ----- Rams, the thousand of 6 score to the hundred -

- Sheep, the thousand of 6 score to the hundred — Stags, the thousand of 6 score'to the hundred

--Tips of Horns, ihe thousand of 6 score to iht hundred

Horn^havings, for every A ioo of the value - - '

Vol. XLV. I

Duty.

£ r. d.

0 I 8

5 0 a

0 0 I

0 0 2

0 0 4

5 0 0

5 0 o

5 0 o

0 o 8

0 o s

9 o 6

6 0 7

5 0 o

0 o 3

5 o o

0 o 2

o I o

5 0 0

0 2 2

o 8 o

S o o

S o o

o t 2 o

0 I 6

0 2 0

o 2 0

0 3 0

0 0 II

0 0 3

o 0 6

0 2 6

o I 0

o o 2

o I 7

0 Q -9

s o o

SCHEDULE (C.) — OUTWARDS.

Duty.

Horses, Mares, Geldings, and Mules, (he piece - - I o

Hoofs of all forts, for every £. too of the value*<.150

Lead, cadi or oncast, the too of 20 cwt. - 213

- Ore, for every £. 100 of the value - -150

Leather of all forts, tanned, tawed, or in any waydressed, the cwt. 0 1

Linen Rags or Shreds, the ton of 20 cwt. - -3 5

Linseed, or Flaxfeed, the quarter, qt. 8 bufltels - jo 3

Litharge of Lead, the cwt. - , I 0 0

Manure. See Soap Boiler's Waste.

Oxen, Cows, or Steers, the head - - I 0 6

Oysters, in pickle, the gallon - - I 0 0

Rapeseed, the quarter of 8 bushels - -loo

Skins, vie.

- Badger, the piece - 1 0 C

- Calve. See Calve Skins, in C.

- tanned. See Leather tanned.

- Cat, the hundred of 5 score - I 0

- Deer, undressed, for every £. 100 of the value - - 5

1 Dog, the dozen - - I

- Fox, the piece - I

—: — r Goat, undressed, for every £. 100 of the value - - 5

- Hair, undressed, for every 100 of the value - - 5

- Kid, dressed or undressed, the hundred of 6 score - - 0

- Kips, and Runners, for every £. 100 of the value - - 1 5

- Lamb, dressed, without the wool on, the hundred of 61

score - - I

- tanned, tawed, or dfefied, the cwt. - - 1

Note. — No Lamb Skins, whether (link or slaughtered, from which the wool shall not have been taken off, I shall be exported, (except to Great Britain), tinder j the penalty of the forfeiture thereof, See 40 Geo. III.] c. 43. fee. 159.

- Martin, for every £. joo of the value -, - 1 5

- Otter, raw, the piece -

- tawed, the piece - -.- j 0

- Wombs, for every £. 100 of the value - - I S

- Rabbits and Conies, Black, with or' without Silver Hair, I

dressed or tawed, the hundred of 6 score - - C

...Grey, seasoned, the hundred of 6 score - - I c

- Grey, Stag, the hundred of 6 score - 1

- Grey, tawed, the hundred of 6 score - 1

- dressed, tawed, or dyed into colours, the hundred

of 6 score -

*----- Sheep, dressed, without the wool on, the 120

/ - tanned, tawed, or dressed, the cwt.

- with the wool on, the hundred of 6 score -

- 1 — 1 " tawed, with the wool on, the hundred of 6 score

SCHEDULE (C.) — OUTWARDS.

Skins continued.

--Sheep Pelts, dressed or undreflbd, for every 6 fiporc -, -

--Squirrel, the 1000 -

t — - Stag, the piece -

--Swan, the piece -

Slugs of Horns, for every /. 100 of the value -

Soap Boiler's Waste, and all other Manure (except Limethe ton

Tallow, the cwt.

Tanner's Waste, for every £. 100 of the value -

Tongues, called Neats' Tongues, the dozen*.-

Tonnage Duties. See Schedule (D.)

Tripes, the cwt.

Wax, unmanufactured, the cwt.

Weld, the cwt.

Woad, the ton of ao cwt. - — Nets, the hundred of 5 score Yam, Linen, for every pack of itatutable Linen Yarn. qt. 400 pounds weight, at 6 score to the hundred

Duty.

In addition to the duties herein-before charged on certain goods of the growth, produce, or manufc&ure of Ireland, exported from thence, and also on all other goods, wares, and merchandize, the growth, produce, or manufacture oi Ireland, the following duties are to be paid;

All goods, wares, and merchandize, of the growth, produce, or manufacture of Ireland, except as herein after mentioned, exported to any part of Europe, or to any port or place within the Streights of Gibraltar, for every £, 100 of the true and rea* value thereof -

Except

- Bullion.

Goods, wares, or merchandize, exported from Ireland to the Me of Man, which may t^e legally exported to the said island.

- Cotton Yarn, and all other Cotton Manufactures,

being of the manufacture of Ireland.

- Corn or Grain.

Refined Sugar in loaf complete and whole, or lump duly refined, or any refined sugar called Bastard*, or ground of powdered sugar, or refined sugar broken in pieces, or any fu*ar called Candy, or ( MclafTes made from sugar of the British plantations.

All goods, wares, or merchandize, of the growth, produce, 6t manuftdure of Ireland (except as herein after mentioned), exported to any port or place whatever, not being in Europe, or within the Streights of Gibraltar, or within the limits of the

1 a

£- l rf.

o t 6

a 0 o o

0

1

0 o

o

o

o

5

t

o

5

o

6

6

4

o

o

6

o

4

O O I

040

o i 3

o 10 o

006

100

1 10 o.

Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 6. [1804.

Bounties or Allowances.

£ s'

SCHEDULE (E). continued.

Linen continued.

All manufacturees of diapers, huckabacks, Meetings or - liaons, upwards of one yard in breadth, and not exceeding it.7 id the squata yard in value, which shall be exported to any of the places aforesaid, for every (qqarq yard thereof - -00 ii

And so in proportion for any greater or less v quantity.

All manufactures of sail cloth or canvas, fit for or made.into (acts, which shall be exported, for every three ells thereof - -'-...-00 6i

- And so in proportion for any greater or left quantify.

SILK.

Manufactures of Ireland made of, or mixed with (ilk, exported under certain regulations, viz.

Ribbands and stuffs made of fdk only, for every lb.

thereof avoirdupois - - .030.

Silks and ribbands made of (ilk mixed with gold or.

silver, for every lb. thereof avoirdupois - >040

Silk stockings, gloves, fringes, and laces, and ditching, or fewingsilk, for every lb. thereof avoirdupois - o 1 J Stuffs made of (ilk andgrogram yarn mixed, for every i lb. thereof avoirdupois - - q o 8

Stuffs made of silk and worsted mixed, for every lb.

thereof avoirdupois - -006

Stuffs made of silk mixed with inde or Cotton, the lb. avoirdupois - -.- o 1 0

And so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

Books unbound, if printed on British or foreign paper,

for every lb. thereof avoirdupois - o o'I

Sugar, refined.

For the bounties thereon, See the 41 Geo. III. chap. 74, 42 Geo. III. chap. 60, and 43 Geo. III. chap. 17.

INWARDS.

For and upon every barrel of bark or hemlock which shall he imported into Ireland from any country in

Europe except Great Britain - - o 4 0

For and upon every barrel of bark or hemlock which shall be imported into Ireland from America >-050

Schedule

llafj Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. a 6. 119

Schedule (F.)

A ScMale of Inland Duties of Excite and Taxes, for, upon, sad in sefjpaA of the several Articles thenin ntwitnal.

INLAND DUTIES.

Dtrrr.

AUCTIONS. £. i. d.

for and upon every twenty shillings of the purchase nooty, anting or payable by virtue of any talc at ao&on in Ireland, of ain interest in poflefEon or imrfion in any freehold or leasehold lands, tenements, houses, or hereditaments} and of any annuities, or sums of money charged thereon; and of any otenfils of husbandry and farming flock, thips and vessels, and of any plate or jewels; and to in proportion for any greater or lets sum of such pur-ebafe money, to be paid by the auctioneer, agent, fafior, of feller by commission' - 003

For and upon every twenty shillings of the purchase money, anting, or payable, by virtue of any file at auction in Ireland, of furniture, fixtures, pictures, books, horses, and carriages, and all odwr goods and chattels whatsoever (not exempted by law) and to in proportion for any greater or lets sum of such purchase money, to be paid by the auctioneer, agent, factor, or feller bycommi&on - .006

CARDS AND DICE.

For and upon every pack of printed, painted, or playing cards, made, manufactured, or vended in Ireland -, -.0x5

For and upon every pair of dice made, manufactured, or vended in Ireland - -.o 10 o

COACHES AND CHAISES.

For and upon every coach, chariot, berlin, calash, or ebaise, with four wheels (not exempt by law) which any person shalt have or keep in his or her possession at any time in each and every year from the 25th day of March 1804, such person not having at the same time more than one such. carriage in his or her possession, the yearly sum of - 6 16 6

For and upon every coach, chariot, berlin, calash, or chaise, with four wheels (not exempt by law), which any person shalt have or keep in his or her possession at any time in each and every year from the 95th day of March 1804, if such person shall at the same

120 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c*a6; [1804.

SCHEDULE (F). continued. duty.

Coaches and Chaises continued. £, i. dm

' same time have more than one such carriage in his

or her possession, the yearly sum. of - -'-920

For and upon every chaise with two wheels (not exempt by law) which any peiTon shall have or keep in his or her possession at any time in each and every year from the 25th day of March 1804, the yearly sum of - - -200

Stage coaches, hackney coaches, and chaises, and coaches, chaises, and other carriages kept for hire, or kept by the makers for sale, and cabriolets and garden chairs, excepted. (See 40 Geo. 3. 0.52. seest. 10, ii, 12.)

COFFEE.

For and upon every pound weight of coffee which shall be consumed in Ireland, to be paid by the person or persons buying the same from the importer, thereof - - -001

FIRE HEART.HS.

For and out of every dwelling-house, out-house, or edifice appertaining thereto, in Ireland, in the whole of which house there shall be two or more fire hearths, or other places used for firing, or stoves, at any time in each and every year from the 25th day of March-1804, the several and respective yearly rates and taxes following, that is to say:

Out of every such house, out-house, or edifice appertaining thereto, in which there shall be in the whole. two fire hearths, or other places used for firing, or*stoves, the sum of - - o 4 10}

Out of every such house, out-housex or edifice appertaining thereto, in which there shall be in the whole three nre hearths, or other places used for firing, or stoves, the sum of - - o 8

Out of every such house, out-house, or edifice appertaining thereto, in which there shall be in the whole four fire hearths, or other places used for firing, or stoves, the sum of - - 1 - on

Out of every such house, out-house, or edifice appertaining thereto, in which there shall be in the whole five fire hearths, or other places used for firing, or stoves, the sum of - - 0152

Out of every such house, out-house, or edifice appertaining thereto, in which there shall be in the whole fix fire hearths, or other places used for firing, or stoves, the sum of - -0196

v Out

itatj Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c.i5. izi

SCHEDULE (F). continued. dutt.

Tn Hearths continued. £. s. d.

(k of every such house, out-house, or edifice apper-tiiiungthefeto, in which there shall be in the whole fefcoSre hearths, or other placet used fqr firing, or ftoTcs, the sum of - - -14 4$

Out of every such housej out-house, or edifice apper-taising thereto, in which there shall be in the whole right fire hearths, or other pfeccs used for firing, or fiovts, the sum of - - 1 8

Out of every such house, out-house, or edifice appertaining thereto, in which there shall be in the whole nine or more fire hearths, or other places used for firing, or stoves, for every hearth, firing-place, or stoic, the sum of - -^-»-088 '

GLASS BOTTLES.

For and upon every glass bottle which shall be made*,

or majwfedlured in Ireland, of common bottle metal, (the same not being phials) for every quart such bottle shall be reputed to contain, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity, not being lese than one pint, to be paid by the makers " 1

thereof % — -00 04

LEATHER, for and upon all hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skinii herein after mentioned, which shall be tanned in Ireland, the respective rates and duties following j that is to say,

For and upon every such hide and (kin, or piece of any such hide and (kin, of any kind or denomination whatsoever other than such as are herein after mentioned and described, for every pound weight avoirdupois thereof, and after sech rate for any greater or less quantity - o O I

For and upon all hides of horses, mares or geldings, for every hide - - O l O '

Tor and upon all skins called veaMkins, and all skins of hogs, for every dozen skins thereof, and after the same rate for any greater or less oumber -050

For and upon all skins for shoes, and other like purposes, and all seal-skins, for every dozen thereof, and after the same rate for any greater or less number - .-.o a 6

Tot and upon all other skins for book-binders' use, for every dozen thereof, and after the same rate for any greater or less number - -0x0

itt Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 26.

[1 $04

SCHEDULE (F.) cmtinued. duty#

Leather continued. i. d

For and upon all goats skins tanned with flrnmac, or otherwise, to rtfemUe Spanish leather, and all sheep-skins tanned for roans, befog after the nature of Spanish leather, for every pound weight avoirdu- poi# thereof - -- o. O I

For and upon all flteep-(kkn$ and Iamb4kfos tanned for gloves and bafife, for every pound weight avoir* dupois thereof, and piaportianably for any greater fcr itfs Quantity ... - -000]

For and upon all hides 2nd1 skins, and pieces of hides and skins, herein after mentioned, which shall be dressed in oil in Ireland, the several and refoedive rates and duties herein after tapressed, that is to lay.

For and upon every such -hide and (kin, and piece of such hide, of any nature or denomination whatsoever, other than as herein after mentioned and deferred, for every pouted weight avoirdupois thereof O o 2 For and upon all deer-skins, goat-skins, and beaver-

skins, for every pound weight avoirdupois thereof -00 3 For and upon all calve-skins, for every pound weight avoirdupois thereof - -002

For and upon all sheep-skins, and Iamb-Ados, for

1 every pound weight avoirdupois thereof - o o 2{

Ana proportionably for any greater or left quantity of all such hides and wins.

LICENCES. v

For and upon every licence to any person in Ireland to manufacture tobacco in any manner, or to deal in unmanufactured tobacco, except as a whoJe&le importer only, or as a wholesale merchant only -80 o And a further duty of £.4 for and upon every tobacco-table exceeding one table, which any person manufacturing tobacco shall be licenced to keep.

For and upon every licence to any person to deal in unmanufactured tobacco as a wholesale merchant, not being the importer thereof - 100

For and upon any licence to any person to fell by retail or otherwise deal in coffee, m any city or town corporate in Ireland, except importers thereof, or

persons licensed to fell tea or groceries - -100

For and upon every licence to any person to fell by

retail or otherwise deal in coffee in any pert in Ireland, not being a city or town corporate, except

as aforesaid - - O 10 o

For and upon every licence to any person in Ireland

to manufacture candles'or soap for sale - -100

For and upon every Keener to any person in Ireland to fell or manufacture paper-hangings for sale - - x o o

For

i&04*} tone regni quadiragesimo quarto CaoRoit III. c. 26.

SCHEDULE (F). continued, duty

licences continued. £. s. if.

For and upon evenr Rcence to any person in Ireland to keep a dill or Rills to rectify or compound (pints and strong waters, for every ten gallons which such still or flills is or are capable of containing - - 2 10 a

For and upon every licence to any person in Ireland to keep a mill or mills for making paper - - 2 .0 0

for and upon every licence to any person in Irehmd to brew or'make for sale any liquor called sweets pr made wines - - 2 0 a

For and upon every licence to any person in Ireland to make metheglin or mead for sale - 200

For and upon every licence to any person in Ireland to make vinegar for sale - - -200

For and upon every licence to any person to fell tea*or groceries by retail in the city of Dublin, or within the circular road surrounding the same, and in every city, town, and place, returning a member to serve in parliament, or within two miles of the market-house, or principal market-plac^or tbwn-house of any such city, town, or place - "3 0 P

For and upon every licence to any person in any other part of Ireland to fell tea or groceries by retail200 For and upon every licence to any person to fell or tap out cyder by retail - - 1 o. O

For and upon every licence to any person to fell'me-thegKn or m^ad by retail - too

For and upon every licence to any person in Ireland, to fell or n>ake any gold or silver plate for sale - 1 o O*

For and upon every licence to any person in Ireland, to keep a tan-yard or tan»pit, or tan leather for sale 100 For and upon every licence to any person in Ireland, to dress hides and skins in oil - I 0 0

For and upon every licence to any person in Ireland, to make vellum and parchment - 1 0 o

For and upon every licence to any person to fell any kind of spirituous liquors by retail in the city of Dublin, or within the circular road surrounding the said city, and within the district of the metropolis 30 0 0 For and upon every licence to any person to felt any kind of spirituous liquors by retail, beyond the said circular road and wall of his Majesty's park the Phoenix, not more than two miles distant therefrom - - -20 o o

For and upon every licence to any person to fell any kind of spirituous liquors by retail, in every other place within the district of the excise office of Dubtin, beyond the circular road and wall of his Majesty's park the Phoenix, not distant more than five miles therefrom -'-, - -1500

-124 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 26. [ 18c

SCHEDULE (F.) dut y

Licences continued. £. x*

For and upon every licence to any person to fell any kind of spirituous liquors by retail within the city of Cork, and all places surrounded by the said city 30 o And within the rest of the county of the said city - 20 o For and upon every licence to any person to fell any kind of spirituous liquors by retail within the city of Waterford, and all places surrounded by the said city - 30 o

And withtn the rest of the county of the said city 20 o For and upon every licence to any person to fell any kind of spirituous liquors by retail in the city of

Limerick, including that part thereof called St.

Francis's Abbey, and all places surrounded by the said city - 30 O

And Within the rest of the county of the said city 20 o

For and upon every licence to any person to fell any kind of spirituous liquors by retail within the cities of Armagh, Londonderry, and Kilkenny, and within the towns of Belfast, Newry, Galway,

Dundalk, DroghftJa, and Clonmel - - 15 o

For and upon every licence to any person to fell any.kind of spirituous liquors by retail within all other cities, corporate towns, market towns, where markets are usually held, and within one mile of the town house, market house, or principal UiaflRt place - 19 0 i

For and upon every licence to any person to fell any,

kind of spirituous liquors by retail in any other '

part of Ireland than those parts before described - 6 o < For and upon every licence to any person to fell spirits in any place in Ireland, in quantities not less than two galions, the like duty as is payable in such place on a licence to sell spirituous liquors by retail.

For and upon every licence to any factor or other person in Ireland, felling home-made spirits on.commission or otherwise, not being a licensed distiller or retailer of spirits, nor being otherwise licensed to fell spirits --'- 20 0 t

For and upon every licence to any factor or person in Ireland felling foreign spirits on commission or otherwise, not being, a licensed distiller or retailer of spirits, nor being otherwise licensed to fell spirits, nor being the importer of foreign spirits - - 20 0 d

For and upon every licence to any person in Ireland, not being a maltster or maker of malt, felling malt, on commission or otherwise - 20 Q 0

For and upon every licence to any person in Ireland^. to keep a malt house and make malt for Lie, fqr

each

riot) Inoo regrii quaidragesimo quarto Georgi i III. c. 6.

SCHEDULE (F.) contin. duty. -linos continued. £. s. i,

och and every ciftem or kiln, in each and every salt house m his or her possession in which focn bdhcfe shall be carried on - ijno O

For and upoimrery licence to any person in the city of Dablio, or within the circular road Airrounding tkfone, or in the cities of Cork or Waterford, or in the city of Limerick, including that part rtereof called St. Francis's Abbey, or in the cities or Kilkenny, Londonderry, or Armagh, or in the towns of Drogheda, Galway, Belfast, Newry,

Dundalk, and Clonmel, or within two miles of the market house, or principal market place, or town house of any of the said cities or towns, to brew strong beer, or ale, or small beer for falc, for each and every brewhouse used by such person - JO o I For and upon every licence to any person to brew strong beer or ale, or small beer for sale, in any other place in Ireland, being a town corporate or borough returning any member to serve in par*

Hament, for each and every brewhouse used by

such person - - to O

For and upon every licence to any person in any other place in Ireland to brew strong beer or ale, or small beer for sale, for each and every brewhouse used by such person - - io 0 0

for and upon every licence to any person to keep any coffee-house - - % - -200

For and upon every licence to any person to fell by ao&ion within the district of the metropolis, or within fix miles of the castle of Dublin -too

For and upon every licence to any person to fell by auction in any other part of Ireland*- >*o 1-0 O

For and upon every licence to any person in Ireland, to make glass bottles, and other vessels or utensils made of common bottle metal*x o O

For and upon every licence to any hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or other trading person going from place to place in Ireland, and travelling either on foot or.with horse, or other beast of burthe % nr otkrwife carrying to fell, or e*posing to sale, any goods, wares, or merchandize; also to travelling...tinkers, and cafters of iron and metal, anfl to pear-v t; fons hiking abput tea or coffee for sale*- t f d

And a farther duty for every horse, or other beast bearing or drawing burthen, which such person shall foj travel, with, or cause to be used wr the purpose of carrying or drawing his, her, or their goods, wares, or merchandize 200

METH£GLIM

Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c-i6.

[180

SCHEDULE (F.). lontivui. dptv!

METHEGLIN OR MEAD.

For and upon every gallon of metheglin or mead - made in Ireland for fate, and after the lame rate for any greater or less quantity, to be paid by the makers thereof - - o o

PAPER MANUFACTURE.

For and upon the several sorts of paper herein-after mentioned, which {had be made in Ireland, the several and respective duties following, to be paid by the makers of such papers respectively:

For and upon every pound weight avoirdupois of paper fit or proper, or that may be used for, or applied to, the uses and purposes of writing, drawing, and printing, or any of them, and of all

elephant paper, and all cartridge paper -002

For every pound weight avoirdupois of ail coloured papers, and whited-brown papers, other than and except elephant and cartridge papers, fit or proper for the use or purposes of wrapping up c goods, and not fit or proper, or capable of being used for, or applied to, the uses or purposes of writing, drawing, and printing, or any other of them - o o I

Tor every pound weight avoirdupois of brown paper fit and proper for the use and purpose of wrapping of goods, and not fit or proper, or capable of being used for, or applied to, the uses or purposes of writing, drawing, and priming, or any of them, and of all button paper, or button board - - O o o\

For every pound weight avoirdupois of paper fit or proper, t>r capable of being used for, or applied to, the uses or purposes of paper hangings - - O o i

For every one hundred weight of paste-board, mBI-board, and seale-board, and paper commonly called by the name of fheating or (heathing paper - o io o And so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

For every one hundred weight or glazed paper fof clothiers and hot prefers -'1 - - 5 0

And fi> in proportion for any greater or lese quantity.

For every pound Weight avoirdupois of every icrt or kind of paper not herein-before enumerated or*defetibed -- - -002{

PAPER HANGINGS.

For and upon every fijuare yard'of papes which shall be printed, painted1, or 'flamed in Ireland, to fervp

for

18041} Any itgni quadragesono quarto Georgii III. c. 6.

SCHEDULE (F.) cmtimnd., 'duty.

Piper hangings, continued. £. j. d.

for hangings or other uses, and lo in proportion for any greater quantity* to bf paid by thje. printer* punter* or ftafiner thereof - - o.o 1

PLATE WROUGHT.

For and upon every ounce troy weight of gold or filler (date wrought, made, or manufactured in Ireland - - -006

And so in proportion for any greater or left weight.

MALE SERVANTS.

For every male- servant who IhaQ be retained or employed by any person in Ireland at any time, in each and every year, from the 25th day of March 1804, the yearly Anns, duties, or taxes following, that is to lay:

For one male servant - -129

For two male Servants, each - - 1 14 i£

For any number of male Servants exceeding two and not exceeding four, each - -256

For any number of male servants exceeding four and not exceeding Seven, each - 2 16 io{

For eight male Servants, each -300

For nine male servants, each - 383

For ten male Servants, each - 3 10 O

To be paid by the person who shall retain or employ such male servant, or servants, and to be paid for every male servant who shall be retained or employed in any of the following capacities, that is to say: Maitre d'hot el, house steward, matter of the horse, groom of the chamber, valet de chambre, butler, under butler, clerk of the kitchen, con-fe&oner, cook, house porter, footman, running footman, coachman, groom, poftiilion, gardener, not bring a day labourer, park-keeper, game-keeper, huntsman, or whipper-in, or by whatever name or names male servants really acting in any of the said capacities, shall be calied, or whether, fitch male servants shall have been or shall be retained or employed in one or more of the said capacities, or in any other bufinest jointly With one or more of the same*

SPIRITS.

For and upon every gallon of aqua rkab, tttong waters, or (pints made or distilled in Ireland, from malt, or from corn malted or unmalted, to be paid; by the firstmaker or distiller thereof -.. 0 3

For

128 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III.hcw'sbhS^ [180

SCHEDULE (F.} continued. puty,

SpiHttcontinued. X. s.

For and upon every galloo of spirits made or distilled from melasses in Ireland, to be paid by the first'maker or distQler thereof " - - O 45

SWEETS OR MADE WINES.

For and upon every barrel, containing thirty-two galions, of all liquor for sale made in Ireland, by infuiton, fermentation, or otherwise, from fruit or sugar mixed with any other ingredients or materials, called sweets or made wines, and after the same rate for any greater or less quantity to be paid by the respective makers thereof - -50c

TOBACCO.

For and upon every pound weight of tobacco which shall be manufactured in Ireland, in any manner, to be paid by the person manufacturing flic same, or taking any part thereof out of the original package, and' to be paid for every pound weight contained in such package at the time when the same shall be opened - - -005

VELLUM AND PARCHMENT.

For and upon all vellum and parchment which Hi all at any time or times be made in Ireland, the re-.fpcCiive rates and duties herein after expressed; that is to say,

For and upon every dozen skins of vellum - -006

For and upon every dozen skins of parchment - 0 0 3

And proportionally for any greater or less quantity of such vellum and parchment, to be paid by the maker.

VINEGAR.

For and upon every barrel, containing thirty-two gallons of vinegar, vinegar beer, or liquors preparing for vinegar, brewed or made in Ireland for sale, and after the same rate for any greater or less quantity, to be paid by the maker - 0 3 0

..WIND9W LIGHTS.

Upon and out of every dwelling-house or tenement in Ireland, inhabited or to be inhabited, at any time in eacH and every year, from the 25th day of March 1804, ' the respective yearly rates and duties following, ^according to the number of windows or \ light* in such houses or tenements respectively.

Mir tf Windows according to which t/ball

k Am godYiarfy; and the XtnrljRates thereon rtJpeSively.

SCHEDULE (F.J eon tinned.

n*, ii: nik 1 —: __

5 Windows or Lights a a

6 Ditto am

7 Ditto.

1 Ditto mm m

9 Ditto.- m

10 Ditto mm*.

11 Ditto m am

11 Ditto am

13 Ditto am m

>4 Ditto m mm

Ditto mm -

16 Ditto m

>7 Ditto — *-

18 Ditto tm m

*9 Ditto % m

20 Ditto m

21 Ditto ft am

22 Ditto.9 m

23 Ditto*m

H Ditto.-

*5 Ditto a ' m am

26 Ditto'. am

27 Ditto m a. m

28 Ditto m m to

29 Ditto m m

30 Ditto m

3> Ditto m at

32 Ditto 'm -

33 Ditto m a m m -

34 Ditto -

35 Ditto m

3& Ditto mm m

37 Ditto a*0 an

3* Ditto m m

39 Ditto m m mm

Y> Ditto m -> -

4* Ditto*a. ' m

41 Ditto.am

43 Ditto m

44 Ditto*» m

45 Ditto " — m

46 Ditto

47 Ditto -L to

4* Ditto* — to

49 Ditto " — mm

V 01. XLV. K

DUTY*

£ So d.

O 40}

0 6 6

O 8 8

O 11 11

O5 2

O 18 5

X 1 8

X 7 7i

I3 7

I9 6 i

2 2 6 >3 u

3 0

3 7 8 i

34 9

4 3 S

4 12 1

5 0 9

595

5 18 1

6 8 11

6 11 z

63 3

6 >S 5

6 n 7

7 8 5

7 10 7

7 12 9

74 11

I7 1

8 7 11

8 10 X

8 12 3

8 »4 5

8 16 7

997

9 11 9

93 11

9 16 1

9 18 3

JO u 3

103 S

- 105 7

- 10 17 9

-Q9 41

*3°

SCHEDULE (F.) continued* Window-Lights continued, viz.

For every Dwelling House, having

50 Windows or Lights -

51.Ditto -

5*

53

54 5.

57

58

59

60

61 61

63

6+-

65

66

6 i

69

70

7*

72

73

74

a

is

81

8a

83

84 8 81 8

89

90

91 9*

93

94

95

96

Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto.Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto

DUTY

- 11 12 1

- 11 15

-11 17

- 11 19

12 1

- 1*4:

- 12 16 c

- 12 18 it

- 13 1 1

-3 3 2

- 1316 j

- 138 J

- 14 o 7

-4»9

-4 4 11

147

- 15 o 1

- 15 2 3

- 15 4 5

- 15 6 7

-59 7

- 16 1 9

- 16 3 it

- 16 6 1

- 16 8 3

- 17 1 3

- >7 3 S

- 17 5 7

- 17 7 9

- 17911

18 in

- 18 S 1 18 7 3

- 189S

18 11 7

i-9 7

19 6 9

- 19 8 11

- 19 11

1

- 19 1

- 20 -

- 20 8 5

- 20 10 7

20 I. 9

- 20 14 11

21 7 11

- 21 10 1

SCHEDULE (F.) cmtimud. Window-Light! continued, viz. for every Dwelling-Hoose, having

97 Windows or Lights - - '

98 Ditto.

99 Ditto m -

ICO Ditto m

191 Ditto.*

ia Ditto - - m

109 Ditto

M» Ditto

JOJ Ditto.- - m

106 Ditto -

107 Ditto.

108 Ditto m m

109 Ditto m m

110 Ditto m -

III Ditto -

112 Ditto -

II3 Ditto -

4 Ditto -

J Ditto m

116 Ditto

7. Ditto m

118 Ditto am am m

"9 Ditto m m m m

120 Ditto m'- -

121 Ditto M m m a m

122 Ditto -

123 Ditto -

124 Ditto am

125 Ditto

126 Ditto -

127 Ditto am m

118 Ditto*m

'*9. Ditto

130 Ditto m m

131 Ditto, -»m - '

132 Ditto am

>33 Ditto -

>34 Ditto am

J35 Ditto,.am

36 Ditto -. m m -

37 Ditto m am- am -

'38 Ditto m -

'39 Ditto m*a.*

'4o Ditto m m m -

>4i Ditto m - m

'42 Ditto m a

Hj Ditto m.m

xa

DUTY.

£ s. i.

at 12 3

at 14 5

at l6 7

aa x9 4

23 1 0 8

23 3

23 5 10

23 8 0

23 10 a

23 12 4

23 14 6

23 16 8

23 18 10

25 1 7

25 3 9

25 5 11

25 8 1

25 id 3.

25 12 5

25 14 7

25 16 9

2$ 18 IX

26 X X

27 3 10

27 6 0

27 8 2

27 10 4

27 12 0 8

27 14

27 16 10

2l9 0

28 1 2

28 3 4

29 6 8 X

29 3

29 10 5

29 12 7

294 9

29 16 11

29 19 1

30 X 3

3° 3 5

30 5 7

3* 8 4

3X 10 6 8

3* 12

3* 14 10

*3. Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. a6. [1804.

SCHEDULE (F) <i*tiniu<L Window-Lights continued, viz.

For every DweNingy House, having 144 Window* or Lights

*45

146

*47

1*8

*49

150 i$t

*5*

*53

*S4

151

156

*57*S859

160

161

162

*$3

64

its

166

>47

>68

169

*70

*7*

ya

*73

*74

I?i

179

180

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto-

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto-

Ditto.

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

DUTY.

£ i. d.

1 3*7 a

- 3*9 2

3» 1 4

3* 3 6

w 3* 5 8

- 3* 7 to

33 10 7

33 12 9

33 '4 IK

337 X

339 3

f 34 1 5

T 34 3 7

w 34 5 9

T 34 7 11

34 10 1

+ 3S 12 10

W 355 0

T 357 2

359 4

m 3 & 1 6

UP 3* 3 8

<o* 3^ 5 10

- 36 8 a

3$ 10 2

- 36 12 4

m 375 1

m 377 3

Son every JweUing-house, having ot* hundred and qjgjky-one windows or lights, and upwards, additional foe oacb-window or light

S

I

3!

38

38 -2

384

397

*9

1

3

I

10

022

Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 13.

CAP. XXVII.

h t&br charging, until the twenty-fifth day tf March one then-fineeight hundred and five, certain tncreafti countervailing duties m tie importation, into Ireland, of the several goods, want, and merchandize therein mentioned, being the growth, produce, or ma-nfeHure of Great Britain; and for allowing incrtafed draw-tab on the exportation to Great Britain of the several articles therein mentioned, being the manufacture of Ireland.

[March 13, 1804.]

WHEREAS by two several acts, one pqffrd parSament£*{*1

tf Great Britain in tit tbtity-nmth fortieth years tf rfthMwioii

lisprefiut Mtjtftjs nipt, and the fiber puf hi tit Bri-

Irchod i* the fortieth year tf bit faii Adafifly's reign, the and tre-

/ Great Britain and Ireland, it is in and by article tf the knd- See Vh fad anion, amongfiother things, provided and that

articles tf the growth, produce or manufacture tf either country, Ci jj_'

which are or may he subject to interned slaor to duty on the Uriah tf which they are compefid, may mode fitbjtfl on the iopertotmu into tads country respectmeiy, from the other^ to matervitiing duty as shall appear to ho jnfi and in

effitch haemal duty or duties on the materials; and that for the field psurptfet the articles Jpetifiedin certain the find

respectively annexed, shall he subject to the duties fit forth

in the Jdi3 fibeduhs. Sable to he taken off, dhnhnshad, or incrtafed in wanner therein Aecified j add that upon the export tf ibe faii articles from each country to tkt other respect a drawback he given equal in amount to the countervailing duty payable filth articles on the import theretf into tho same country from the j end thit in tike manner in future it frail be competent to the united

parliament to iatpose any new or additional countervailing duties, 'or la toko off or diminish fiuhexifring countervailing duties, us may appear on like principles to he fifr akd reasonable, in rtfreft of any future or additional internal duty on any, orticks tf the growth, product, or manufacturetf either country, or tf any sum or additional duty'onany materials tf which fitch article may he composed, or tf any abatement tf duty on the same j and that when any fitch new or adtitienal countervailing duty frail be ft impoftd on the import tf

coy article into either country from the other, a drawback equal m amount to fiuh, countervailing duty shall he given in like manner on tie export tf every fitch article respectively from the same country to the other: and whereas the duties payable in Ireland on the al Recital that articles respectively mentioned and fit forth in the schedule marked jnlan<l

(A.), hereunto annexed, being of toe growth, produce or manufacture ilffreUnd'^ (/'Ireland, and also on the materials of which fiuh articles are re- have been fptflively composed, have been incrtafed since the passing ef the/aid increased. railedaflt: and whereas the duties on the importation into Ireland of the fivtral. and rtfptfltve materials whereof, the several articles

respectively mentioned and fit forth in the schedule marked (B.), hereunto annexed, art composed, have also been incrtafed since the passing

countervailing duties ought to be charged on like articles from Great Britain,

Increased countervailing duties imposed on

134 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 27. [1804.

That there- faffing of the said recited acts; and whereas it is just and reasonable fore additional l % Tijpefl thereof and pursuani to the said recited provisions con-coun erva - in the fetid acts* that new fir additional countervailing duties

should be imposed on the like articles fet forth in the said schedule*s (A.) and being the growth* produce, or manufacture of Great Britain, and imported from thence into Ireland, sufficient to coun-terhail respectively such increase of internal duty payable in Ireland, and of duty on the materials of which such goods* wares* and merchandize are or shall be respectively comp fed: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fifth Any of March one thousand eight hundred and four, until and upon the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five, Britisharticles there shall be granted, raised, levied, collected, and paid unto in schedules his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon the several goods, imported into warcs>merchandize mentioned and set forth in the schedules Ireland, until or tables respectively marked (A.) and (B.) hereunto annexed, March5, being of the growth, produce, or manufacture of Great Britain, g°f* imported from thence into Ireland* the several increased coun-

tervailing duties which are respectively described and set forth in words and figures in the feud schedules or tables marked (A.) and (B.); which said increased countervailing duties are equal in amount to the countervailing duties payable on any of the said goods, wares, and merchandize respectively, under and by virtue of the said recited acts for the union of Great Britain and Ireland, together with such new or additional duties as are sufficient to countervail respectively the increase of internal duty payable in Ireland and of duty on the materials of which such goods, wares, and merchandize are or shall be respectively composed.

II. And whereas it is just and reasonable on account of the in-ereased rate of the duties charged on the several articles Jet forth in the schedule or table marked (C.) hereunto annexed\ the growth^ produce, or manufacture of Ireland, and exported from thence to s Great Britain, that increased drawbacks should in respect thereof be paid and allowed thereon\ be it therefore further enacted,

That, from and after the said twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and four, until and upon the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five, there shall be paid and allowed on the exportation of the said several articles set forth in the schedule or table marked (C.) hereunto y, annexed, from Ireland to Great Britain, the several and r?-Great Britain. fpc£jvc increased drawbacks as the same are respectively described and set forth in words and figures in the schedule or table hereunto annexed, marked f C.): provided always, that the said increased drawbacks respectively shall not be paid unless and until all the Jules, regulations, reltridions, and conditions

required

Increased drawbacks granted (in respect of increased duties) on exportation to

iHf) Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 27. 135:

repM by law, with respect to drawbacks payable on the exportation of the said several articles fct forth in the schedule o/wMetnarked (C.) hereunto annexed, shall have beet)'fully sai duly complied with.

III. And be it further enacted, That all monies arising by Duties shall be.Ac duties imposed by this act (the nfcceflary charges of raising canied to ud accounting for the same being deducted), shall be carried fond" to aid made pfert of the Consolidated fund of Inland.

IV. And be it further <naAcd>That neither the sum of No pay* fixpcact per pound por any other, fee shall be payable to or* deducted or received by any officer or officers of the treasury of kekmit fdr or on account of the iffixing or payment of any Am or sums of money arising by or which shall be received for or on account of the aids hereby granted.

V. And be it further enacted, That the several duties hereby granted, and the drawbacks which maybe paid and allowedfljjiibema-uader and by virtue of this act, shall be paid and payable, and Daged as under received and receivable in Irish currency; and shall and* may former be managed, ascertained, raised, leyied, collected, answered, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the same manner and under such powers and authorities, and by such ways and methods^ and according to such rules and dircAionr, and under such penalties and forfeitures as are appointed, directed, and expressed for the Taifingreollo&tAg, levying, paying, and managing of duties payable on goods, wares, and merchandise, imported into and expected from Ireland, in and by.an Act of parliament made in Ireland, in the fourteenth and fifteenth of his !?re majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An act for the settling tie excise or new impost upon his Majesty, his heirs and successors, according to the book of rates therein inserted* or by any other act or acts in force in Ireland relating no the revenue of customs and excise, or either of them, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes as if the same were herein expressed and enacted, with the like remedy of appeal to and for the party or parties aggrieved, as in and by the said last mentioned act, passed in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his said late majesty King Charles the Second, or any other act or acts as aforesaid is provided.

VI. And be it enacted, That this act may be amended. Act may so varied, altered, or repealed, by any act to be paised in the pre- Altered this feat session of parliament. session.

The

136 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 7. [1804.

The SCHEDULES referred to by this A

Schedule (A.)

Increased Countervailing Duties of Excise payable on the In. portation from Great Britain into Ireland of certain Articles

of the Growth) Produce; ot Manufe&ure of Great Britain.

purr.

BEER. £. s. d.

For and upon every barrel of beer or ale, containing thirty-two galions, brewed or made in Great Britain - - -05 3$

And so in proportion for any greater or left quantity.

SPIRITS.

For and upon every gallon of spirits, being of the manuh&Ore of Great Britain - O 4 5A

Schedule (B.)

Increased Countervailing Duties of Cudoms payable on the Importation from Great Britain into Ireland of certain Articles, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain.

DUTY.

SILK MANUFACTURES. £. 1. J,

For and upon 'all fitks, being of the manufacture of Great Britain, and imported directly from thence, the following duties, viz.

For and -upon every pound weight thereof, containing 16 ounces,

Of all ribbons and stuffs of silk only - -026;

Of all fUk and ribbons of silk mixed with gold or silver -.-034

Of all silk dockings, silk gloves, silk fringe, silk laces, ftitching and sewing silk - - o 1 6{

Of all manufactures of silk not otherwise enumerated or described - - -020'

Of all stuffs of silk and grogram yarn -007;

Of all stuffs of silk mixed with incle or cotton - 0 0 iOf Of all duffs of silk and worded mixed - - O 0 5

Of all duffs of silk mixed with any other material o 0 If And so in' proportion for any greater or left quantity.

DOTY.

SUGAR REFINED. £. 1. d.

Of die manufacture of Great Britain, and im-porrwl diredHy from thence, the following duties,

For and upon every hundred weight thereof, containing 112 lbs.

Ofafl sugar called Beftards, whole or ground*1 3 tb Qfaflfoear called Lumps - 2 4 8i

Of all sugar celled Single Loaf Sugar - - 2 7 8

Of all sugar called Powder Loaf.and Double Loaf a it

OfflH sugar called Sugar Candy Brown -'1 4 8i

Of all sugar called Sugar Candy White - - 2 11 nf

Of all sugar refined of any other fort - an a

And so in proportion for any greater or left quantity.

Schedule (C.)

Increased Drawbacks'to be paid and allowed on certain Articles, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Ireland, exported from thence to Great Britain.

DRAWBACK.

BEER. t.

For and upon every barrel of beer or ale, containing thirty-two galions, brewed or made in Great Britain, and so in proportion for any greater or Iris quantity - 053}

SILK MANUFACTURES.

For and upon all lilies, being of the manufacture of Ireland, the following drawbacks, viz.

For and upon every pound weight thereof, containing 16 ounces.

Of all ribbons and stuffs of (ilk only - -026*

Of all silk and ribbons of (ilk, mixed with gold er fdver .- - "034

Of all silk (lockings, silk gloves, (ilk fringe, silk laces, ditching and sewing silk - 016$

Of all manufactures of silk not othertoife enumerated or described - o 2 or.

Of all (toffs of silk or grogram yarn - -007$

Of all stuffs of silk mixed with inde or cotton -00 10$ Of all stuffs of silk and worlted mixed - -805

Of all stuffs of silk mixed with any other material 00 71

And so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

138 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 8. [1804.

SPIRITS. DRAWBACKS.

£. S. d.

For and upon every gallon of spirits, being of the manufacture of Ireland - - o 4 5^r

" SUGAR REFINED.

Of the manufacture of Ireland, the following drawbacks, viz.*

For and upon every hundred weight thereof, containing 11 albs.

Of all sugar called Bastards, whole or ground - 1 3 ro

Of all sugar called Lumps - - 2 4 8i

Of act sugar called single Loaf Sugar - -27 8

Of all sugar called Powder Loaf and Double Loaf - 2 11 2i

Of all sugar called Sugar Candy Brown - -2.4 8;

Of all sugar called Sugar Candy White - 2 11 2i

Of all sugar refined of any other fort - 211 21

And so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act for granting to his Majesty a duty upon malt made in Ireland, for the yeat one thousand eight hundred and four.

[March 23*, 1804.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland^ in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies 10 defray your Majesty's publick expences in Ireland, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unro your Majesty the duty herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That within and through that part of the united kingdom called Ireland\ there shall be raffect, levied, collected, paid, and satisfied unto and to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and upon all malt made in Ireland, the duty herein after mentioned; that is to say,

Duty on malt For and upon every barrel of malt, ground or unground, which at any time or times from and after the twenty-fourth day of barrel 7 ^arc^ one thousand eight hundred and four, and before the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five, dull be made of barley or any other corn or grain in Ireland by any person or persons whatsoever (whether the same shall be or nor be for falc), the sum of seven shillings and seven-pence Irish currency,

rioi) Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. &8. 139

and & proportionably for a greater or less quantity, to be paid'tyjkoaker or makers thereof respectively.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said duty by this act Duty shall be looted shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid untp his Ma- ^uuSons of; jdty, his heirs and successors, during the time and term aforesaid, a#g 37 Geo. 3*

; kuhe bine manner, and under such powers and authorities, and (I.) c. 33. by &b ways and means, and according to such rules, regular 40 Geo. 3. (I.) ties, and directions, and under such penalties and forfeitures in ill mpeds as are appointed, directed, and expressed for the rai- J. 9s. 3#

Hag, Jurying, col led ing, paying, and managing his Majesty's revenue upon malt, in and by a certain ad, made in the parliament of Inkedin the thirty-seventh year of the reign of his present J&jesty, intituled An act for cilltfiing and /wiring his Majesty's tame upon malt and in and by a certain other act made in the parliament of Ireland in the fortieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to amend and continue the said act of the rhirty-fcvrnth year; and in and by an act made in the parliament of the United Kingdom in the forty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to amend the alls now in force for jawing the coUeQian of the revenue upon malt$ and for regulating the trait of 0 distiller in Ireland; and in and by any other act or acts of parliament, in and by the said acts or either of them referred

onto, or any of them.

III. And be it further enacted, That all monies arising from an* wied the duty hereby granted, (the necessary charges of collcding and

paying the same being deduded), shall be carried to and made part of the consol (dated fund of Ireland.

IV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid to Drawback 00 every person who shall export malt from Ireland, on which the Jj, duty payable thereon shall have been fully paid and satisfied, a*drawback of all duty charged and actually paid thereon; and to On beer 51. every person who shall export Arong beer or ale from Ireland, > a per barrel, drawback or allowance of five shillings Irish currency, for every

thirty-two gallons of such Arong beer or ale, which drawback shall be paid by the collcdor of the port from which such malt or beer or ale Hull be exported, out of any money in his hands: provided, that no such drawback shall be paid or allowance of duty made, enfeft the persons respectively, who export such malt or beer or ale, lbaJl have performed such requisites, and complied with such regulations and reAri&ions as are required to be performed and observed by persons exporting any article whereon any drawback or bounty is payable for obtaining the same.

V. And be it further enacted, That on all Arong beer and ale. Bounty of brewed, in Ireland, and which shall be shipped for exportation to l4*9*P*Thar* any place except Great Britain, there shall be allowed and paid Jjxported

to the person or persons exporting such Arong beer or ale, made when the price no oily from malt the growth or produce of Ireland, when the of bailey price of barley, ascertained in the manner specified in an act passed (under ay4. in Inland in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of *8 exo S under pe: cnt Majesty's reign, 'intituled An act for regulating the corn

trade

SPIRITS* DRAWBACKS.

' £- 1. d.

For and upon every gallon of spirits, being of the manufacture of Ireland - -045

SUGAR REFINED*

Of the manufacture of Ireland, the following draw* backs, viz.

For and upon every hundred weight thereof, containing ii2lbs.

Of all sugar called Bastards, whole or ground - r 3 10 Of all fbgar called Lumps - - 2 4 8}

Of act sugar called Angle Loaf Sugar - -278

Of ail sugar called Powder Loaf and Double Loaf - 2 11 2! Of all sugar called Sugar Candy Brown - - 2. 4 81

Of all sugar ailed Sugar Candy White - 2112}

Of all sugar refined orany other fort - - 2 11 it

And so in proportion for any greater or lets quantity.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act for granting to his Majesty a duty upon malt made in Ireland, fir the yeat one thousand eight hundred and four.

[March 231.1804.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty* most dutiful and loyal subject, the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in parliament assemblied, towards raising the necessary supplies 10 defray your Majesty* publick expences in Ireland, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unro your Majesty the duty herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, ' by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That within and through that part of the united kingdom called fa-land, there shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, and satisfied unto and to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fbcceftors, for and upon all malt made in Ireland^ the duty herein after mentioned; that is to say,

Duty on malt For and upon every barrel of malt, ground or unground, which at any c*me or*mes from aru* a^tcr f^c twenty-fourth day of barrel 7^one thousand eight hundred and four, and before the twenty-1

fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five, Dull be made of barley or any other corn or grain in Ireland by any person or persons whatsoever (whether the same shall be* or nor be for sale), the sum of seven shillings and seven-pence Jr#& currency,

and 1

itotj Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 29. 141

Mos payment of such countervailing duty as aforesaid, be in* daotScd against any fine or penalty in respect of such importa-h»; iay thing in any act or acts in force in Ir^land^ to the con-ftry thereof notwithstanding.

LLAnd be it further enacted, That this act may be amended, Act why he ahstdyor repealed, by any act or acts to be passed in this present thli (efien of parliament.

CAP. XXIX.

Aid for permitting* until the fifth day of May one thousand eight kindred and five, the importatton of bidet, calve skins, horns, tattow, end wool9 (except cotton wool)) in foreign Jhtps, on payment of the Me duties at if imported in British or Irish finpu.

[March 23, 1804.]

WHEREAS is is expedient that his Majesty by order in council\ and in Ireland, that the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor trimmers and the privy council in Ireland, should be authorised to permit for a limited time, the importation of any hides or pieces of hides, drefti 'or vndrejffed) cahe skins or pieces of calve skins, dressed or un-irtfei, boms or pieces of horns, tallow, and wool\ (other than and ttety cotton wool), to be imported in any foreign ship or vessel into the United Kingdom; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and Hides, See. may be lawful for his Majesty by order in council, and in Ireland?* b7 for the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors and IDi^rtcS in Ac privy council in Ireland, by order in council, from time to time, foreign vdBels^ when and as often as the same shall be judged expedient, to per- &c. mit, until the fifth day of May one thousand eight hundred and five, any hides, pieces of hides, dressed or undressed, calve skins or pieces of calve skins, dressed or undressed, horns or pieces of horns, tallow, dnd wool, (except cotton wool), to be imported in any foreign ship or vessel, and to be admitted to entry in any f

port or place in the United Kingdom on payment of such and (he like duties of jouftoois and excise as are due and payable on the like goods when imported in any British or hish built ship or vessel; any thing contained in any act to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That all fitch goods, wares, and subseft to the merchandize, when fc imported as aforesaid, shall his subject to regulations all rules, regulations, and conditions, and to all penalties and W<*wted by forfeitures for the breach thereof, to which they would have been9liable and subject, if they had been imported into Great Britain or Ireland) according to any law or laws in force at the time of the passing of this act.

'C A fc

*42 Annorfgni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 30. [1804.

CAP. XXX.

An act to rtvivi and continue, iwr//Y r/jAf months after the ratificotm of a definitive treaty of peace, an nwdr in /£* forty-ficni year of his present Majesty, for repealing several acts relating ts the aamiJJSon of certain articles of merchandize in neutral fmft, and to the {filling orders in council for that purpose, and for makiq other provisions in lieu thereof; and afo to indemnify all perjw who have been concerned in tuning or carrying into execution ordtri \ of council for permitting the importation of certain goods from America in neutral ships* — [March 23, 1804.]

WHEREAS an act passed in the forty-ft cond year tf the nip of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repealing several*la alls made in the thirty-fifth, thirty-sixth, and thirty-ninth ani

fortieth years of the reign of hh present Majesty, relating to the admission of certain articles of merchandize in neutral ships, and "to the issuing of orders in council for that purpose, and for j making other provisions in lieu thereof, to continue until the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and four; wt'ub aft, so far as relates to the allowing importations into Great Britain under orders of council, and into Ireland under the orders of*M lord-lieutenant and council there, of any goods or commodities the produce of any part of any territories, possessions, or countries, net wiitr the dominion of his Majesty, on the continent of America, or i* tht West Indies, under the regulations and restrictions therein nuntutU, was to continue in force until the first day of January one tfmjmi eight hundred and four, and no longer: and whereas it is exptdirt that the said act, so far as the same relates to importations into Great Britain and Ireland in ships or veffils belonging to persons ef on country in amity with his Majesty Joould be revived and mtinm\ be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, ani Recited act, by the authority of the same, That the said recited act and all fofarasre- the powers and provisions therein contained, so far as relates to |*A? importations into Great Britain under orders in council, and loodt in° °* bu° Ireland under the orders of the lord lieutenant and council neutral vtf. there, from any territory, possession, or country, not under the Ids, revived* dominion of his Majesty, on the continent of America, or in the West Indies^ of any goods or commodities whatsoever, the produce of such territories, possessions, or countries, in ships or vessels belonging to persons of any country in amity with his Majesty, shall, from and immediately after the passing of this act, be revived, and the lame is and are hereby revived, and dull continue in full force and effect from and immediately after the pasting of this act until eight months after the ratification of*definitive treaty of peace.

II. And whereas by several orders in council, American fnpu with their cargoes, have, fence the first day of January one tbsufsnl eight hundred and four, been admitted to entry at the ports London

sii

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 31, 32. 143

and Liverpool, under the rejlrtitions and regulations in the said aQ Persons con-mimtd\ be it further enacted, That all such ships and vessels with their cargoes, shall be exempted from forfeiture on ac- Jrfcoundffor count of being so admitted to entry, and all persons who have adraiflion of been concerned in advising or issuing such orders, or who shall American hare acted or shall act in pursuance of or according (o such ynjer the^re-orders in council, shall be and are hereby indemnified. gulations^f

recited act,

CAP. XXXI. indemnified.

An act for raising the further sum of two millions by loans or exchequer-bills, on the credit of such aids or supplies as have been or shall be granted by parliament for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and four.

[March 13, 1804..]

Treasury may raise a, 000, 000l. by loans or exchequer-bills in like manner as is prefoioed by the malt act of this session, See, Exchequer bills to bear an interest not exceeding 3d, % q. per cent, per diem j and, if not paid out of the supplies for 1804. they shall be received in payment* for tajes in four months after their date. Not to be received in payment of any taxes until payable. Clauses, See, in the malt aft, c. 16. relating to exchequer-bills, extended to this act. Bank of England authorised to advance 1,000, 000l. on the credit of this act.

CAP. XXXII.

An all fir empowering his Majesty, for a time and to an extent therein limited, to accept the services of such parts of his militia forces in Ireland as may voluntarily offer tkemfehes to be employed in Great Britain.

[May 3, 1804.]

WHEREAS divers of his Majesty's militia regiments in Ireland, in order to evince their ardent and affectionate zeal for his Majesty $ service, and for the general interests anti security of the United Kingdom, have, by their officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates, voluntarily offered their services to be employed in Great Britain: and whereas it may materially conduct to the general interests and security of the United Kingdom, that his Majesty shouli be enabled to avail oimfelf of this distinguished proof of the attachment and public i spiritof his militia forces of Ireland; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authorny of the same, That so much of any act or acts relating to So much of the militia of Ireland, or of any other act or acts now in force in "yeS* P*-Inland, as prohibits the carrying out of Ireland the militia forces thereof, shall, during the continuance of this act, be suspended, roij[^a in so for only as may relate to any part of the said forces, not Ireland fuf-exceeding in the whole ten thousand men, whom his Majesty P*<kd wit* may think proper to permit to serve in Great Britain, in con- " 000 men* sequence of such voluntary offer as may have been, or during whose volun-the continuance of this act shall be, made by any men now tary offer to enrolled, or hereafter to be enrolled in the same militia to serve ^ryc?nreat in Great Britain during the continuance of this act, and duly mar

certified accept

Voluntary offer to be binding.

Continuance of aft, See.

144 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 33. [1804.

Offer to be certified by their commanding officers: provided always, that, voluntary. previous to certifying such offer, such commanding officer shall nave explained to the persons making the same, that the same, if made, is purely voluntary on their parts, and that no person serving in the militia of Inland can be compelled to make such offer, or to engage to serve out of Ireland, except by his own No drawing con fen t so signisted: provided also, that no county, city, town, % ? 6, 1or place in Ireland shall, during the continuance of this act, be such'force is drawn to fill any vacancy prising from the death, desertion, or Serving out of discharge of any such non-commissioned officer, drummer, or Ireland. soldier, belonging to such militia forces, whilst serving out of Ireland.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all such voluntary offers of service as aforesaid shall be deemed and taken to be binding upon all persons making the same, during the continuance of this act, to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

III. And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue in force until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six, and may be altered or repealed in this session of parliament.

CAP. xxxiii.

An all far empowering his Majesty to dir ell the augmentation of hit militia forces in Ireland, to an extent therein limited.

[May 3, 1804.]

WHEREAS it is expedient for the more effectual defense rfthe United Kingdom, to vejl in the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time beings a discretionary power, during the present war> to augment the militia of Ireland; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this adfc, it shall and may be lawful for the lord-lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being to issue his orders to any colonel or commanding officer of any regiment or battalion of the militia of Ireland, to enrol and receive into such regiment or battalion such volunteers as shall offer to serve in the said militia, and such number as shall be from time to time necessary toiuppiy any vacancies in the same, by death, defer non, or lawful discharge.

II. Provided always, That the strengih of any regiment or battalion of militia wall not exceed one hundred rank and file for company, with the ufiul proportion of commissioned or non-commissioned officers j nor shall any additional company be added to any reghnent or battalion of militia.

IJL And be it further coaded. That the warrant of the lord* lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, directed to the colonel or commanding officer of any

Lord-lieutenant may or* der commanding officers of militia to cn-rol volunteers.

No company to exceed too itten, nor any additional company added to any regiment. Warrants to commanding officers to ex-pi els tha

1804.I Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 33. 143

sny regiment or battalion, shall specify the precise number or numbers to mznftr company to be enrolled and received into the said regi- be raised. n*nt or battalion, '

IV. And be it further cracted, That upon such order oV On receiving orders being issued as aforesaid, the several colonels or other ordm9 commanding officer or officers of such regiments shall, from offiUw^to 15 time to time, immediately after the receipt of such order or proved to onkrs, proceed to enlist and enrol within their respective county, enlist volun-or rounty of a city, such volunteers, being able-bodied men,

e/iafly resident within such respective counties, and not being

his than five feet and two inches in height, and not more than 4/f

fom-five years of age, as can be procured, giving to each man,

by way ot bounty, any sum or Turns, and in such proportions,

and payable at such time or times, as the lord-lieutenactedr

other dhief governor or chief governors of Ireland for the time being, may from time to time direct, not exceeding in the whole the sum of four guineas per man.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be Nolargcrfum bwful to or for any colonel or other commanding officer or officers J-oimtteers* of any regiment of militia, or to or for any other person or persons than shall be whatsoever on his or their behalf, to advance or give, or to en- directed. gage or promise to advance or give, for the purpose of inducing

any man to enrol himself as a volunteer, any larger or greater sum of money, or arty other largess, bounty, or reward, than such sum or Aims of money as mall be so ordered by the lord-lieutenant, or other thief governor or chief governors of Ireland for the time being, in manner aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every man so enrolled Men enrolled, shall take and subscribe the following, oath, in the presence of to take the.some one governor, deputy governor, justice of the peace, or following magistrate, afling in and for the county, city, or place, to which the regiment, battalion, or corps, in which he shall be enrolled,

shall belong:

11 T A.B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faith* oath.

X ful and bear true allegiance to his majesty King George the Third, and that I will faithfully serve in the militia within that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for the defence of the same, during the term of Ave years, for which I am enrolled, or for such further time as the militia shall remain embodied, if, within the space of five years, his Majesty Qiall order and distli the militia to be drawn out and embodied, unless I shall be sooner discharged." '

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case any vacancies Volunteers shall occur in the said militia by death, desertion, or lawful dif- may be en-charge, it (halt and may be lawful for the several colonels, or

other commanding officers of the several regiments to procure and vacanc! enrol, from time to time, volunteers to fill up any vacancies which shall happen by stich death, desertion, or discharge, and to pay to such volunteer such sum or sums* and in such propor-Vqi, XLV. L tions.

Volunteers (Si enrolled to be contidered mitttu-j

146 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 33. [1804.

tions, and payable at such time or times, as the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or chief governors of Ireland for the time being, may dire#, in manner aforesaid \ and that every ... such volunteer enrolled for the purpose of supplying vacancies as

aforesaid, shall respectively take and subscribe the oath herein* before recited to be taken by volunteers to be enrolled by virtue of this act, and in manner herein-before expressed.

VIII. And be it Author enacted, That all volunteers so enrolled, shall, from the date of their attestations, be considered and are hereby declared to be militia-men, to all intents and purposes, and ball receive the same pay, be entitled to the same allowances, and be subject to all the laws and regulations which now are or may hereafter be in force in Ireland, with respect to any militia-man who shall have voluntarily enrolled himself in the said militia of Ireland; and that the wives and families of such militia>men shall be entitled to relief, in all cases, in the same manner as the wives and families of militia-men are entitled under and by virtue of -an act passed in the lad firffion of parliament, intituled An act to make provision, in certain cases, far the wives and /amities of ballotted men, fuhJUtutes, and volunteers serving in the militia of Ireland j and alfp, that all and every the rules, regulations, clauses, provisions, matters, and things, contained ia any act in force with respect to the militia of Ireland, and in any act for the punishment of mutiny and desertion, ball be applied to, and extend in as full force in respect to any person who shall be enrolled as a militia-man under and by virtue of the present act, as to any person who has been enrolled as such by virtue of the provisions in- any other act or acts ia force relating to the militia of Ireland.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if' any deputy governor of any county, town, or city in Ireland, shall happen, previous to the passing of this act, to have received into 'the militia more men than the establishment previous to the passing of this act amounted to, such men shall be deemed militia-men to ail interns and purposes, and shall be entitled to pay from the date of their respective enrolments, and to the bounty aforesaid; and shall be set down to the account of some parish, townland, or subdivision, in like manner as persons voluntarily offering themselves to serve are directed to be set down by any act or in force relating to die militia of Ireland.

X. And be it further enacted, That, for the purposes afore-

4* Geo. * c. 14a*

Where more meiiiiave been received into the militia than the establish-mstat amounted to previous to this act, such to be deemed noifi-tia-meiL

JLord Jieute-

wlU11?! said, it shall and may be lawful for the lord-lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, from time to time, during the continuance of this act, to issue his order or orders to: the lords-commissioners of the treasury of Ireland, requiring them to advance, from time to time, any such Aim or Aims of money as the said lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors as aforesaid may by such order or orders direct, and pay to the several colonels, or other commanding officer or officers of the different regiments of militia in Ireland, any sum or fpma of money, not exceeding the rate of four'. guineas.

orders to the treasury to pay to commanding of din the bounties allowed.

ifctyj Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 34.' 147

pineai, for every private man that may be from time to time so

enrolled.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said several colonels,

or other commanding officer or officers, shall keep or cause to be kept true and regular entries of the names, additions, places pje8 tf cntries of residence, parish, and other defer ipt ion I, of the persons they of the names till enrol as aforesaid, and the several fuma they shall advance and deferip-adpiyto such persons respectively, and shall transmit regular ft^SclUid CDp*of/uch entries, certified by them respectively, as well as of the9ij the adjutant and paymaster, or clerk of the regiment, batta- Alms paid to lion, or corps respectively, to the office of the chief secretary of them, to the the hid lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors as ?hies f<crc* aferefcid. tuT\

XII. Provided always* and be it enacted, That nothing in Counties, kc. this act contained shall be construed to charge any county, "hargedwith county of a town, or city in Inland, with filling up vacancies the expener occasioned by the death, discharge, or desertion of such volun- for the filling leers as may have been or may be received in the militia service JP vacancies, under or by virtue of this act; it being the intention of this act a£ unUar that the men so enrolled in addition to the establishment of the mdiiia of Ireland, should be raised and kept up without any charge being made on the counties whatsoever.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That this act may be Act maybe amended, altered, or repealed, by any act to be passed in this J* preltnt fcffioa of parliament. ffiL

CAP. XXXIV.

An act to amend an aSfy pajfei in the last session of parliament, for making provision for the wives and families of militia-men of Irc-hnd.--{May 3, 1804.]

WHEREAS an all was passed in the lajlfejjton of parliament,

intituled An act to make provision, in certain erfes, for 4* V

the wives and families of ballotted men, substitutes, and volun- c* teers serving in the militia of Ireland; and whereas it is expedient ts emend the said all, so far as relates to the families of ballotted men tmlki before the day herein after mentioned; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and com* moos, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the families of all such men as m^y have Families of been chosen by lot to serve, and shall have been enrolled and militia-men actually serving in their own proper persons in the said militia rweive the ° of Ireland on or before the first day of November in the year one weekly al-thousand eight hundred and three, shall be entitled to, and shall lowances receive, during the absence on actual service of any such man heron-men-respectively, the weekly allowances following; that is to say, oTSiofcmei^ after the rate of one shilling for every child born in wedlock tioned in re-and under the age of ten years, and of two shillings for the wife cited aft. of such man, wtiether he shall or shall not have any child or children, provided (he does not follow the regiment; which

L 2 allowances

>43

Weekly a1-low nice nr.t to exceed the sum htma* mcutioned.

Qnsrter (Vf-

Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 34. \ f 804.

allowances shall be in lieu of the allowances in the said recited act mentioned, and shall be paid in the manner, and subject to the conditions, rules, and regulations in the said recited act mentioned and contained, with respect to the allowances in the said recited a & mentioned.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the wife of any militia-man, so ordered on adhial service, shall not be entitled to the aforesaid weekly allowance of one shilling for each child, for mere than two children; and in case there shall be no wife of stich militia-man living, the weekly allowance to the children of such militia, man shall not exceed the sum of four shillings in the whole.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the

font m, y or- justices at any quarter sessions of the peace in Ireland, where it tifbe rnTde*8 appear to them, by examination in open court upon oath,

the father htu! the father or mother of any such militia-man so having

mother, &c. of been chosen by lor, and so enrolled and serving at or before the mditja-nuti, 1jmc herein-before mentioned, or any fifter or brother of such prar^tlfey^" under ten years, have been entirely or chiefly

nave been hip- suppurted by his industry, and were part of his family, refuient ported by hu.wiih him at the time of his b.'ing so chosen by lot, to order a mduftiy. weekly allowance to such man's family after the rate of one fhdJing for each such brother or fitter, and of two shillings for such father and two shillings for such mother, to be paid in like manner, and subject to the like conditions, rules, and regulations, as the allowances to the wife and children of such miliiia-tmn are by the said recited act directed to be paid; exclusive of any allowance which may have been ordered by virtue of this act, for h s wife or children, if he shall have any.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if the treasurer of any county, county of a town or city, shall have advanced any money to the families of militia-men, conformable to the provisions of any of the acts, or parts of acts repealed by the said recited act; any treasurer and shall produce to the collector of his Majesty's excise for the the county difiriift in which the shire town of such county, or such town or Hei ^mVhtVa whereof he is treasurer shall be situate, an account of the fdine verified by his own oath together with a certificate from the colonel or other commanding officer of the regiment or battalion to which such militia-man shall have belonged or may belong, setting forth that he has examined the said account, and believes it to be true, every such collector shall, within three months after the passing of this act, repay the amount fofworn to and certified to such treasurer, out of any publick money in his hands; and the sums so paid by such collector shall be allowed to him in his accounts, on his producing such receipt and certificate; and if any such collector of excise shall wilfully neglect cr refuse to pay the same, and shall be thereof convicted by presentmen* or indictment at the assizes, or if in the county or city of Dublin in the court of King's-bench, he shall be fined at the dhcretion of the court, any sum not exceeding fifty pounds.

CoNeAor of excise for the district to r?-pny money advanced by,

men. on pro du&iofl of a certificate, 6c.

tfof] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 35, 36-149

V. And be it further enacted, That all the c]aufcs, provisocs, Regulations of conditions, and regulations in the said recited act mentioned and contained, shall, so far as the same are confident with and applr- extend* cable to die provisions in this act contained, be applied in theed to thit ad. execution of this act as fully and effefltrally as if the same were re-enacted and repeated in this act: provided always, that no- Arrmr* of thing in the said recited act contained shall be construed to allowances ac-preiwt the wife or family of any militia-mfan from claiming truing bef re and receiving any arrears, which may or might or would have £|be recover* rented and become due and payable according to the provisions ei^ of this act, at any time previous to the first day of Moy one thousand eight hundred and fobr.

V*. And be it further enacted, That this act may be altered, Act may Ke varied, or repealed, by any act or acts to be made in this present »h*red or re* session of parliament. ITffiJm*

CAP. XXXV.

An act to amend and continue several law* relating to the allowing the importation of rapeseed and other feeds used for extracting oil, whenever the prices Of middling British rapeseed fh.iil be above a certain limit; to the allowing the importation of seal-skins cured with foreign felt. free of duty, to the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand eight hundred and nine, and the encouragement of the Greenland whale fifturics, to the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred and six; and to continue feverd laws re kiting to the allowing the use of salt, duty firee^ in the preserving of fish in bulk or in barrels; and to the discontinuing the bounty payable on white herrings exported, to the twenty-fifth day of M^rch one thousand right hundred and nine; to the permitting Ur William Bishop, George Bishop, and Arglea Bishop, to carry on the manufacture of Maidstone Geneva, to the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and nine; and to the admission to entry of oil and blubber of Newfoun '-Und, taken by his Majesty's subjects carrying on the fishery from and rdiding in the said island, to the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred and five. — .[May 3, 1804.]

Act 55 Geo. 3. c. 117. allowing the importation of ripe.feed, fxtfccr continued to June 14* 1809 but net to affect the dutits granted ty^ Geo. 3. c. 6$. Act 31 Geo. 3. c. 6. allowing the importation of tal-skins lurther continued to June 14, 1809. but not to aifeft the duties granted by 43 Geo. 3. c 68. and c. 70. Act 36 Geo. 3. c. 41. for the fapport of the Urecnland fisheries; and so much of 19 Geo. 3. c. 33. as relates to those fiftieries, further continued to December 15, 1806. except so much as relates to allowing vessels to complete the number 6f men at certain ports. So much of 41 Geo. 3. c.*u as relates to the -allowing the life of felt duty free, shall be further continued to March59 1809 Act 39 Geo. 3. c. 103 respecting the carrying on the manufacture of Mai.iftone Geneva, further continued to July 5, 1809. So much of 43 Geo. y c. 68. as relates to the admission to entry of fish-oil, &c* further continued to December5, 1805.

CAP. XXXVI.

An act to amend and continue* until the twenty.fifth day of March one thouOnd eight hundred and fe*cn, so much of an act. made in the forty-first year of his present Majesty* as relates to allowing British plantation sugar to be warehoused — [May 3* 1804.]

h much of 41 Geo 3. c. 44. as relates to allowing British plantation fagar to be warehoused further continued to March 15, 1807. Not to ilieft 43 Geo. 3. c.

*5° Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 37. [1804.

CAP. XXXVII.

act to repeal so much of an act passed in the last fiffion of parliament, for granting to his Majesty a contribution on profits arifa from property, prqsessions, trades, and offices^ as requires attornus, agents, and factors, to retain and pay the duties chargeable upm publick annuities; and to extend the times fir hearing appeals on assessments or fur charges made in pursuance of the said act.

[May'3> j8o4.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that so much of an act % made in tbi last session of parliament, intituled An act for granting tc* — his Majesty, until the iixih day of May next after the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, a contribution on the profits arising from property, prosessions, trades, and offices, as requires attornies, agents, or factors, who have received or who shall receive any publick annuities, or any share or dividend thereof at the bank oj England, South-Sea house, East India house, or exchequer, be*, longing to any other persons resident in Great Britain, tq retain in their hands and pay the duty chargeable thereof or to deliver any lifts, declarations, or Jlatements, in relation thereto, and as impofti any penalty for neglecting so to do, fhottld be repealed; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That so much and such parts of the said recited act recfcdaft as as re<lu'rc ^at any attorney, agent, or fastor, who shall receive requires any any publick annuities, or any marcs or dividends thereof, either attorney. See. at the bank of England, South-Sea house, East-fndia house, or Thriving exchequer, belonging to any other person or persons, shall retain nuities. &c. m hands, and pay the duty chargeable thereon, or shall for penont" deliver any list, declaration, or statement, in relation thereto,

resident in and as imposes any penalties upon such attorney, agent, or Great Britain, factor, for neglecting to return and pay such duty, or omitting mythe'duty to deliver any such lift, declaration, or Ihtement, shall, in so far chargeable*as the same relate to annuities, shares, and dividends, belonging thereon, Scc. to persons resident in Great Britain, be, and the same are hereby shall be re- repealed; and all proceedings which shall or may be had for the recovery of any such penalties shall be null and void: provided forn^very a*ways> that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be con-of pcxudiics struc^ to extend, to repeal the said recited act so far as the same

void. relates to any such annuities, shares, or dividends, received by

Repeal not to any such attorney, agent, or factor, belonging to any persons extend to at* being subjects of his Majesty, and not resident In Great Britain, torniesreceiv-or f0 any lifts declarations; or flatements thereby required to bc delivered^ or to any penalties by the said act imposed in tounot refi- relation thereto.

Ant in Great

II. And vibtreas tht ajfejfmenu to be made by virtiu tf tit ^ntain. recited act are not yet completed, and the times appointed Ur examining and furebarging the same, and for bearing appeals ikertfrm,

m

ift^]AniH>cqgmqo»dragrsimo<juarto GEOKonIII. c. 38 — >42. 151

et dspftd\ sad it a expedient to give further time for those purpose*>

be it therefore enacted, That it wall be lawful for the commimoo* Commissioni*

-, though the

tana limited by the said act for hearing fuel) appeals have elapled* time limited mi the said of are hereby required from time to time*appoint Rich day or days, so long as any such a (fe Ament or fur- ^haY* charge shall be depending \ and all appeals from such assessments*

Wail surcharges thereupon which shall be made prior to the day or days (b appointed for hearing appeals, and the proceedings of the of thereupon, shall be as valid and effectual as if the same had been made within the time or times limited by the said act.

III. And be it further cnaQcd, That this act may be altered. Act may be varied or repealed, by any act or acts to be passed in this session altered or'ft* of parliament. ISfe*.1*

CAP. XXXVIII.

An act for increasing the rates of fuMistence to be paid tc innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

[May j, ibt ]

CAP. XXXIX.

An act for defraying the charge of the pay and clothing of the militia in Great Britain for the year one thousand right hundred and four, [May 3/1*04.]

CAP. XL.

An act to revive and further continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand right hundred and five, and amend lo much of an afi, made In the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of bit present Majesty, ss pants certain allowances to adjutants and serjeants- majors of the militia of England, disembodied under an act of the same session of par* lament — [May 3> 1804.]

CAP. XLI.

An act for defraying, until the twenty-fifih day of March one thousand eight hundred and five, the charge of the pay and cloathing of the mi* htia of Ireland for holding courts-martial on serjeant*majors, serjeants, corporals, and drummers, for offences committed during the time such militia shall not be embodied! and for making allowances In certain cases to fahaltcrn officers of the said militia during peace.

[May 3, )So4*I

CAP. XLII.

M oEtn mend on a Si, madt in the forty fecundbis present Mtjefy, it amendtie Urns far the better regulation the mum

mcotefaSure in Ireland. — >[May 3, 1804.]

WHEREAS it it expedient it amend and taprovide fer the due eaeeutien tf an aBy made in the forty-second year the reign

f bit present M*}*fty-t intituhd, An act to amend the law, for th*

15. Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 42. [1804.

4* Geo. 3. better regulation of the linen manufacture in Ireland: and whereas // is in and by the Paid all, among other things, enabled, that all flex feed and hemp feed which shall be imported into Ireland shall he detained in his Majesty's /lores at the place of import, or in such other Jlores as shall be provided for that purpose, as in the said act is mentioned, there to remain until it shall he examined and inspected by an officer, appointed in manner' as in the said act is mentioned; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the Importer to authority of the same, That, from and after the pacing of this whenever any flax seed or hemp feed fcall'be imported bwdSefcednto* the importer thereof, or his agent, shall within

°'twenty*four hours after the landing of the same at the port

of importation, give notice in writing to the officer appointed at the said port under the said recited act, for the inspection of flax seed or hemp feed imported there, of the landing of such feed, and of the place where such feed shall be landed, or shall remain or be deposited; and all such flax seed or hemp feed shall remain in the place which shall jbe mentioned in such notice, until the same shall be examined and inspected by such officer in Penalty for manner directed by the said recited act; and if any such importer, neglect or ys agent, shall neglect to give such notice, or shall give any

false or untrue notice, or shall remove such flax seed or hemp jfecd from the place mentioned in such notice, or from the place where such flax seed or hemp feed shall have been actually landed, t or shall have been stored pursuant to the said reefted act, before

such flax seed or hemp feediliall be duly examined and inspected in manner required by the said recited act, then and in either of v i such cases, every such importer, or his agent, shall for every such

offence forfeit all such flax seed or hemp feed, together with the casks, or packages containing the same, or the price thereof, if fold, and also the sum of ten pounds ten shillings Irish currency for every hogshead, cask, or other package thereof, and so in proportion for any less quantity thgn an frogihead to any person who P14II sue for the same.

II. And whereas it is in and by the said retited aft provided, that such brands or marks as shall be put on any ca/k or package pur/uqnt \ to the said act, shall be offorce only till the flrjl day of July in each year wherein the same shall have been made, so as to allow the fed therein contained to be sold or exposed to sale\ and that for the putpt fe of the re-examination of such feed, and of again marking or branding such casks or packages, the importers of flax seed or hemp feed, and also per Cons felling or dealing in flax seed or hemp feed, or who shall mean to fit or dial therein, shall give notice in writing to the nearest inspectK of the quantity offeed in the pojft/Jion of such perfom in manner and at the times in the said act particularly mentioned and directed: be it there-Notice to be fore further enacted, That if any importer of flax seed or hemp speftors cf ^ecc*> in/pwfon felling or dealing in flax seed or hemp feed, of Iced in poflef- w shall mean to fell or deal therein, shall omit or neglect to -- give such notice as by the said act is required to be given by him

t for

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 4a. 153

(or the purports aforesaid, at the times and in manner as in and

bthefeid recited act 11 mentioned and directed, every such im- Penalty for

pm or other person (ha'll forfeit all such flax seed or hemp feed, negle£U

ei finch such notice shall not have been given as aforesaid, to-

gemer with the casks or packages containing the same, or the

pice thereof, if fold, and also the sum of ten pounds ten shillings

IrA coTcncy, for every hogshead, calk, or other package thereof,

uifbii proportion for any less quantity than a hogshead, to any

perfa who shall sue for the same.

III. A ltd be it further enacted, That when and so soon as any Perfooi felling faerin or feller of flax seed or hemp feed, shall have emptied feed shall take uy hogshead, cask, or other package, branded or marked with kL'*ord SffunJ, in pursuance of the directions in the said recited mp*

contained, and shall have fold thereout all the feed contained in the lame at the time such cask or package was so branded or virked, every such dealer in or feller of (lax feed or hemp feed M forthwith completely obliterate, erase, expunge, or destroy Bssaid brand or mark, and take off and remove the same from such hogshead, cask or package; and if any such dealer in or Penalty. \ fercref flax seed or hemp feed shall omit or negied so to do, it shall and may be lawful for any inspectar of flax seed or hemp feed to fcize every such hogshead, cask, or package; found in the poiTefton of such dealer in or feller of flax or hemp feed; and every such dealer or feller shall for every such offence forfeit and loie a sum.not more thin forty-shillings nor less than ten shillings for every such empty hogshead, cask, or other package fojnd io his possession, from which the said brand or mark shall not have been so obliterated, erased, expunged, destroyed, or taken wt or removed, to any person whotball fuc for the same.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all flax seed and hemp Seed shall be fed (halt be imported into Ireland in hogsheads, casks, or other imported in packages, and that all flax seed or hemp feed imported shall behog(hc4ds, &c in pecked or examined, and the hogsheads, casks, or packages in phich the same are-contained shall be branded or marked, and that all flax seed or hemp feed unfit for sowing may be exported in manner directed by the said recited ach provided always, that Damaged feed in case the importer or owner of any flax seed or hemp feed so im- may he deli-ported, and which shall be seized or detained under or by virtue v^r^, l^rjmo W the said recited act for being bad, mixed, or damnified, or unfitnfi imo fe lowing, shall give notice in writing to the officers seizing or detaining the same, that he intends to crush the same into oil, or to sell the same for being crushed inro oil, and shall by himself, in case he shall be a manufacturer of linseed oil, or together with hchmanufadiireroflinfeed oil to whom he shall agree to sell the same, for that purpose to enter into security, within the time and in manner required by the said recited act, that all such feed shall beactuallycrushed into oil, the hogsheads, casks, or packages, in which any such feed shall be contained, shall by the said officer be Winded with the word Unfit; and all such feed shall and may be forthwith delivered, notwithstanding such seizure or detainer, to the importer ot perfect thereof, or to such manufacturer of jinfeed

154 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 42, [1804.

Inspector may enter pre-mites to examine feed, and may seize It iftoond eontraiy to law.

Penalty cm

conceding Iced, or refuting admission to jn-Ipc&on.

oil, on his producing to the ptoper officer of the revenue a certificate from the person or persons who shall have taken such fc-curity, that the same has been duly given as required by law, and it shall not be necessary to keep or detain such feed in his Majesty's (lores until the nrft day of July then following; anything in the said recited act to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the patnj of thiradl, it shall and may be lawful for theinfpeQor'^encnlof flax seed and hemp feed in Ireland, duly appointed under and by virtue of the said recited act, and for any inspector of flax seed or hemp feed at any port or place in Ireland^ duly appointed is manner aforesaid, within the port or distridfc for which be shall be appointed inspector, at any time of the day between sunrise and funfer, to enter into all (lores, warehouses* mills, rooms, buildings, out-houses, or other places of or belonging to soy person or persons dealing in flax seed or hemp feed, or bavin* flax seed or hemp feed in his or their, custody or possession, or of or belonging to any person or persons keep a mill or milk 6r crushing flax seed or hemp feed into oil, and to view, search, and examine the quantity and quality of all such iced which shall be found in any such (lore, warehouse, mill, room* building, oci* house, or other place, and to feiue and take away all such Bn feed or hemp feed as shall be there found, kept* or concealed, contrary to law, or as shall or may be liable to forfeiture under and by virtue of the said recited act or this act, together withtU hogsheads, calks, or packages in which fetch feed dull be contained*

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any feller of or deief in flax seed or hemp feed, or any person or persons keeping a null or mills for crushing flax seed or hemp feed into oil, or any ocher person or persons whosoever having any flax seed or hemp led in his, her, or their custody or possession, shall refute or ntgled to produce or shew all such flax Iced or hemp feed, together with the hogsheads, casks, or packages in which the same ere contained, and also ail empty hogsheads, calks, or packages in the custoet or possession of such feller, dealer, or other person, to such inspector-general, or to any other inspector of flax seed or hemp feed with the port or distrilt for which he shall be appointed inspector, upos demand made by such infptdor-general or inspector respectively, or shall refofe to permit such inspector-general or iqfpc&or respectively to enter into and feach, at any hour between sunrise and fuc set, all (lores, warehouses, mills, rooms, buildings, out-houses, or other places where any fitch flax seed or bemp feed shall bc, on» which such inspector shall suspect any such flax seed or bemp feed w be or to be concealed, every such person shall for the iirft offence forfeit a Aim not exceeding forty shillings, nor less than ten ftflJ lings, and for the second and every other offence a sum not exceeding five pounds, nor left than forty shillings, for each and emu hogshead, cade, or other package of flax seed or hemp feed in the caul tody or possession of such person, upon contfi&on before any justicd of the peace, the same to be levied by dtitacfc and fete of the offender's

I fader's goods) and in case no sufficient distress can be found,

I fan ic shall and may be lawful for fucti justice to commit such ft lender to the house of correction or neat gaol, for any time not

petering one calendar month in (he whole, or until such fine

I T

VVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That on every such nW or on application made by such inspector- general or other Warrants.

{ heritor within the port or district for which he shall be appointed,

way justice of the peace, fating forth on oath, a reasonable mtuk of suspicion, or for such nis application, it shall be lawful for Rsth justice of the peace to grant his search-warrant to such in* pcdor-general or inspector respectively, in the presence of a con-Rhble, or other person to be appointed by such magistrate, to en-Rr into all such stores, warehouses, mills, rooms, buildings, out*

Rouses, or other places, and there to search for and feixe all flax Red or bemp feed which shall or may be kept or concealed in such Bores, warehouses, mills, rooms, buildings, out-houses, or other Race*, contrary to law, which shall or maybe liable to forfeiture Ruder and by virtue of any of the provisions in the said recited ct or this act contained*

ft

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all flag feed or hemp Seizures to be Red which shall or may be seized by any such inspector-general lor inspector respectively, under or by virtue of this act, mail be ]; rncn ^anilP forfeited to the trustees of the linen and hempen manufactures fadhuei. fiof Ireland, and the produce thereof shall be applied by them in ^rewarding such inspector, or for otherwise promoting the linen manufactures, as they shall think proper.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all penalties and forfei- Recovery of tores tmposed by this act, shall and may be sued for and recovered

in such manner as any other penalties respecting the linen and hempen manufactures may be sued for and recovered.

X. And be it further enacted, That all the powers and provi- Extending lions in the said recited act of the forty*second year of the reign po^5^ot of his present Majesty mentioned and contained, shall be applied*7510 this in execution of this act, so far as the same are confident with and aft. applicable thereto, as if such powers and provisions had been repaired and repeated in this act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this act may be amended, Act may be,

altered, or repealed, by any act to be passed in this present session ot* of parliament.

j

CAP. XLIII.

An act to enforce the-Jutobservance of the canons and rt-

Jptffing the ages ofptrfons to be admitted into the J acred orders of deacon and pritjl.--[Ma jr 3, 1804.]

WHEREAS by the canons of the churches heretofore ^/England and Ireland, now the Untied Church of England and Ireland, it is ordaittedy ordered, and direffect, that no bishop shall admit any Mon into tbt fdered order of a deaeon who is not twenty'three years old;

156 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 43. [1804.

nor to be a priejl except he be twenty-four yean compleot: and where: s by the prefaces to the forms of ordination of priejls and deaeons, blished and ufd by authority of several acts of the parliaments ofh'z-land and Ireland respecthely % it is directed that none shall be admiral deacon except he be twenty'three years of age, unhfs he have 0 feadtt^ and that every man which is to be admitted a priest shall be fall /wtfr* four years old: and whereas, in that part of the united kingdom Ireland, the aforesaid rule respecting the ages of persons defs ing is be admitted into holy orders has been foretimes disregarded and rendered of no effefl) to the great Jcandal and detriment of the church, end to the prejudice of religion: for the better prevention whereoffor the future and afo in order float one certain and undoubted rule and course of pros* tice may hereafter prevail and be observed in this respect in England tnl Ireland, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by znd with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the Deacons not authority of the same, That, from and after the parting of thn to be admitted no person shall be admitted a deacon before he (bail ban SSbCattained a^e t*lrec an^ twcmy y3*'5 compleat, and that no a*- 1C Person admitted a priest before be shall have atttained the

age of four and twenty ycarrs compleat: and in case any perm shall, from and after the passing of this act, be admitted a dcscon before he shall have attained the age of three and twenty y?: n compleat, or be admitted a priest before he shall have attained the age of four and twenty years compleat, that then and in even such case the admi/Bon of every such person as deacon or priest respectively, shall be merely void in law as if such admission had not been made, and the person so admitted shall be wholly incapable of having, holding, or enjoying, or being admitted to any parsonage, vicarage, benefice, or other ecclesiastical promotion or dignity what foe ver, in virtue of such his admission as deacon or'priest respectively, or of any qualification derived or suppefal to be derived therefrom: provided always, that no title to confer.or present by Ripfc shall accrue by any avoidance or deprivation

ipso faflo, by virtue of this statute, but after six months notice of such avoidance or deprivation given by the ordinary to the patron*

Kot to affect*- 11. And be it further enacted, That nothing hdrein contain^ the right of shall extend, or be construed to extend, to take away any right granting fa- of granting faculties heretofore lawfully exercisqd, and which culuc* now be lawfully exercised by the archbishop of Canterbury or the archbishop of Armagh;

CAP. XLIV.

An act to exempt vtfTcls tn the Newfoundland trade from the prorfori ot an act passed in the last leflion of parliament, for regulating uflc.s f carrying palftngerg from the United Kingdom.

[May 3, 1804 ]

Act 41 Geo. 3. c. ^.not to applj to vessels carrying passenger* toqrftva the*hdicry at Mtwfouxk.hnd*

L

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 45 — 47*57

CAP. XLV.

An act for riifing the sum of tight millions by loam or exchequer bills, for the fervici. of Great Britain, for the year one thousaifci eight huai died ind four.

[May 3, 1 So#.]

CratiSoacTi of the treasury may raise S, 000, 000l. by loan* and cached

qier biBi in like manner as is prescribed by the malt ail, c. id. Tte Cswfatc. in the said ail relating to loans or exchequer bills exrended to thlsaft. Exchequer bills to bear an interest no* exceeding 3^ iq. pertf.perdiem. Exchequer bills so issued not to be received again in pay-ffrafof my taxes; nor exchanged before April 5, 1*05. Principal and tanl with charges to be repaid out of the firit supplies to be granted id -\\c wat ft (Hon. B*uk of England authored to advance 1,000, 000l. on ik credit of this act.

CAP. XLVI.

An act*3 for raising the sum of oiie million five hundred thousand pounds^ pounds. by loan* or exchequer bills, for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thouGuid eight hundred and four.

[ M ty 3, 1804.]

C^rmissioners of the treasury may raise 1, 500, 000/ by loans and cxche-cr\AU in like manner as is prescribed by the malt act of this fetiion, c rfc Tbcclaufrs, &c. in the Uid act relating to loans or exchequer bill* extruded to tbs* act. Exchequer bills to bear an interest not exceeding 5J.1q. percent, per diem. Exchequer bills so issued not to be received agxin inpayment of any taxes, nor exchanged before April 5, 1*05. Princ> p*l xikl imereft with charges to be repaid out of the suppJiesto be granted in the nest frfiion. Bank of England authorised to advance the whole ism on the credit of this act.

CAP. XLVII.

in act for ratfin* the sum of fourteen millions five hundred theufani pounds by way of annuitus.--[May 16, 1804.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's . most dutiful and loyal subjects the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and JrtlirJin parliament aflfcmhled, being desirous tf raise the necessary supplies which we have cheerfully granted to your Majestyin this session of pailiatnenr, have resolved that the sum oftourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds be raised by annuities, in manner herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice-and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That every contributor towards raising Every contii. the said Turn of fourteen millions hve hundred thousand pounds butor of foot llnJI, for every one hundred pounds contributed and paid, ^>c^aormcrip^l entitled to the principal sum of one hundred pounds, in reduced Of 1 % 0jt ifl the annuities, after me rate of three pounds per centum per annum, 3 per cent, to commence from the fifth day of April one thousand eight "duced, and huadied and four; and also to a further principal sum of"*nc^ fi2hty-two pounds in consolidated annuities, after the rate of QQafola.'three pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the fifth day of January one thousand eight hundred and four.

I jS Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 47. [1804.

II. And whereas^ pursuant to and upon the termt and mduuni expressid in the said resolutionr, several personss have, irt booh cprvci at the hank of England for that purpose, subscribed togdher tin whole of the said sum of fourteen miUtOht five hundred thou fond pounds, to he raised by annuities; and made depositt of ten foods per centum on the respective sums so them so futferihei to dafoi sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds to be rdjmtj j annuities, with the cajbters of the governor and company tf the M Contributors England; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and ms?be wko have lawful to and for such contributors, who have made stich dc-fitTto w^he P°^lts the cashier or cashiers of the governor and company i

remainder of of the bank of England\ (which cashier or cashiers is and are subscriptions hereby appointed the receiver and receivers of such contri-by wftal- butions, without any other warrant to be had in that beha'f), i

to advance and pay unto the said calbier or cashiers of the go* vernor and company of the bank of England\ the several re- i maunders of the Aims by them respectively subscribed toward! the said sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds at or before the respective days and times, and in the proportions herein after limited and appointed in that behalf; (that is to fav}, the further sum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the fifteenth day of June one thousand eight hundred and four; the further sum or ten pounds per centum, on or bdforethe twentieth day of July then next following; the further sum tf i fifteen pounds per centum, on or before the seventeenth day of > August then next following; the further sum of ten pounds \ per centum^ on or before the twentieth day of September that r, next following; the further sum of fifteen pounds per ctni\ms V on or before the nineteenth day of October then next following;: the further sum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the < twenty-third day of November then next following; the further sum of ten pounds per centum on or before the twentieth day i of December then next following; and the remaining sum often pounds per centum, on or before the sixteenth day of January one thousand eight hundred and five.

Guardians

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be maysubscribtf lawful for any guardian or trustee, having the disposition of for infants. tfte rooncy of any infant9 to contribute and pay for or towards advancing the said sum of fourteen millions nve hundred thousand pounds, to be raised by annuities in manner aforesaid; and such infant, upon the payment of such sum or sums subscribed by such guardian or trustee, shall become a contributor within the meaning of this act, and be entitled to have and receive the annuities, advantages, and payments, in respect thereof, in such and the like manner as any other contributor; and the said guardian and trustee, as to the said sum or sums so advanced is hereby discharged, so as the name of such infant be exprefed in the receipt or receipts for such money, alfwcdoi?^

IV. And be it further enacted, That every contributor payment of paying the whole of the sums by them respectively sub-ike whole bribed in respect of the bid sum of fourteen millions five hundred

1804.] Anno prgni quadntgduao quarto Georgii III. c. 47.

*tsd tiMafand (Winiti to be contributed as aforesaid, at any subscription taoc 00 or Mwt the nineteenth day of December one thousand jg0Dec-1, 1 tybt hundred and four* shall be entitled to an allowance of so 1 °4* aneh money at the interest of each sum so paid in advaoce for caejleeog his* her* of their contribution respectively shall aanaffnato* after the rate of five pounds /wr centum ptr annum fnptfeday of completing the same* to the fifteenth day of jhmayone thousand eight and (ire, which allowance is to be said cashier or cashiers out of the money to be cost* tAmi in ptirfeance of this act, at (bon as such respective cmuikuton, their executors, administrators, successors, and digits, stall have completed such. payment.

v. And be it further enacted, That the several subscribers or <^or?ir^t<3111 confcribaters, their executors, administrators, successors, and a£ signs, in respect of the said sum of fourteen millions five hun- miitiea pay deed tkouland pounds, shall be entitled for every one hundred*de half, pounds by him, her, or them respectively advanced and paid lo yca, 'vj J"*. so annaity after the rate of three pounds per centum in respect of J\^bfCripuJn* she principal sum of one hundred pounds to commence from arccompleteA the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and four, until redemption by parliament in manner herein after men-tiooed; and shall also be entitled to a further annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum, in respect of the additional principal sum of eighty-two pounds from the fifth day of January one thousand eight hundred and four, until redemption by parliament in manner herein after mentioned; which said respective annuities shall be payable and paid half-yearly, by even and equal portions; (that is to say), the said reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, on the tenth diyof OQtber and the fifth day of April in evefy year; and the hid consolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, on the fifth day of July and the fifth day of January in every year; the first payment upon the said reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, to be due on the tenth day of October one thousand eight hundred and four; and on the said consolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, on the fifth day of Jufy one thousand eight hundred and four; but shall not be payable until the respective subscribers or contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, dull have completed the whole of the sums by them fibferibed for the purchase of the said annuities.

VI. And be it further enacted, That os foots as any con- As soon at tributora, their executors, administrators, successors, or afljgos, ^cwnoleted shall have completed their payments of such part of the whole they may be sum payable by them respe<Sivdy towards the said sum of four- transferred* t<e*i millions five hundred thousand pounds, as shall be payable iorrfpe&of the Consolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, to which they respectively shall become tntitied, in re/ped of such subscriptions, the principal sum or sums in the said reduced annuities shall forthwith be, in the books of the bank of England, placed to the credit of such respective

160 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 47. [1804.

contributors, their executors, administrators, facccflar?, and assigns, Completing such payments rfcspectively; and 2$ soon as stich contributors, their executors, administrsters, Cuc-Ceflors, or assigns, shall have completed the payments of fich part of the whole sum payable by them respectively (wards the said futri of fourteen millions five hundred thousand poands, as shall be payable in respect of the said consolidated annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum, or any part thereof, or of either of them, the respective principal sums or annuities shall forthwith be, in the books of the bank of Engkhd, placed to the credit of such respective contributors, their executors administrators, successors, and assigns, completing such pa; ments; and the persons to whose credit such principal futr.s shall be so placed, their respective executors, adm'miftrato'S successors, and assigns, shall and may have power to assign and transfer the same, or any part, share, or proportion thertu, to any other person or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate whatsoever, in the bocks of the bank of England; and the said governor and company of the bank of England 2 i\ hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be after (be passing of this act9 to prepare proper books for the purposeot entering the names of all such contributors, and of placing m their credit the principal Turns so paid by them respectively; snJ that such of the said contributors, their executors, adminfe tors, successors, or assigns, who shall complete the payment* < of such parts of the whole sum payable by them respectivtJr,

towards the said sum of fourteen millions'five hundred thousand

Contributors paying the whole of tkeir/ub-icriptiops by the times herein speci-

pounds, as shall he payable in respect of any or either of tk said respective annuities, at any time before the governor and company of the bank of England shall have prepared their receipts according to the directions of this act, shall be entitled to have the sums so paid forthwith placed to their credit intis books of the bank of England-> and the said governor aand company are hereby required to cause such Turns to be forthwith placed to the credit of the persons entitled to the annuities in respect thereof, in the books of the said bank of England; 2nd such entries in the said books shall be in lieu of the receipts hereby directed to be given for all sums paid in manner afore* laid j and such sums shall carry the respective reduced annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per amiumy and the said consolidated annuities after the rate of three pounds f* centum per annum, respectively, redeemable by parliament; and shall respectively be taken and deemed to be flock transferable according to the true intent and meaning of this act, until redemption thereof, in such manner as is herein after mentioned.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That at and every such contributor or contributors, his, her, or ttar executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, who shall bee paid into the hands of the said cashier or cashiers the whole of his, her, or their contribution money, on or before the second day of July one thousand eight hundred and four, shall be entitled

i8ofcl Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 47. 161

entitled to have and receive on the fifth day of July one thousand fi.ed»to be en- eight hundred and four, at the bank of England, the half year's nuitice^fccr-. innuky after the rate of three pounds per centum, that shall be- Uin periods.*cone doe on the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and four 3 and that all and every such contributor or contri-taors, hit, her, or their executors, administrators, fycce/Tors, and assigns, who shall have paid into the hands of the said utter or cashiers the whole of his, her, or their contribution mryon*er before the' seventh day of October one thousand eght hundred and four, shall be entitled to have and receive on the tenth day of October one thousand eight hundred and four, at the bank of England^ the half year's annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum % that shall become due on the tenth day of October one thousand eight hundred and four 3 and that all and every person or persons who shall not have completed the whole of their said payments, on or before the said second day of July one thousand eight hundred and four, or the fod seventh day of October one thousand eight hundred and four,

shall, on completing the same within the time in this act prescribed, be entitled to receive the year's annuity, from the fifth day of January one thousand eight hundred and four, and the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and four respectively, as the same shall become dtie, according to the true intent and meaning of this a ft.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Duty granted duty granted by an act of the last session of parliament, in- by 45 Ge° 3-tifuled, An all far granting to his Majesty, until the sixth day of^t charged ° May next afttr the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, a on the half isntribution on the profits arising from property, profefftons, trades, year'* dies*/ offices, shall not be charged upon the half year's dividend yidend? here-arising on the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and £C^CCI*four, of so much of the three pounds per centum consolidated annuities, granted by this act, as shall not have been written into the books of the bank of England on or before the eighteenth day of May one thousand eight hundred and four, being the day appointed by the governor and company of the bank of England. for closing the accounts of the said three pounds per centum consolidated annuities, previous to the payment of the half yearly dividend thereupon that will become due on the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and four; nor upon the half year's dividend payable on the tenth day ot Qa&er one thousand eight hundred and four, of so much of the three pounds per centum reduced annuities, created by this act, as shall not have been written into the books of the bank of England on or before such day as shall be appointed by the governor and company of the bank of England for closing the accounts of the said three pounds per centum reduced annuities, previous to the 'payment of the half yearly dividend thereupon, that will becothe due on the tenth day ot October one thousand eight hundred and four,

i6z Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 47. [1804.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all the annuities aforesaid shall be payable and paid, and be transferrable, at the bank of England \ and shall be subject to such redemption as is herein after mentioned.

X. And be it further enacted, That so much money shall, from time to time, be let apart and issued at the receipt of the

dated^fund of exchequer in England, out of the consolidated fund of Gnat Great Britain Britain* to the said caftiier or cashiers of the governor and company of the bank of England* as shall be sufficient to farisfy and pay the respective annuities to be created in respect of the said sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, together with the charges attending the same.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all the said annuities, interest, and dividends, which shall become payable in respect of the said sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and are hereby charged upon and made payable out of, the consolidated fund of Great Britain.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of his Majesty's treafory in Ireland, or any three or more of them for the time being, shall from time to time, without any further warrant to be sued for, bad or obtained in this behalf, cause to. be issued at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer out of the con-the exchequer folidated fund of Ireland* a>nd paid into the receipt of his Majesty's money to an- cxcJ*e<lucr* England* so much monies as shall be sufficient from f\ver anuui- time to time to answer to the said exchequer in England, the ties, See. to several and respective annuities and other payments hereby

a certain directed to be paid thereout; and that such payments shall be

amount* made into the said exchequer in England half yearly, by even and equal portions, (that is to say), such of the said sums as shall be paid for the reduced annuities in respect of the sum of four millions five hundred thousand pounds, on or before the fifth day of October and the first day of April in every year; and such of the said sums as shall be paid for the consolidated annuities in respect of the said sum, on or before the first day of July and the first day of January in every year; the first payment upon the said reduced annuities to be made on or before the fifth day of October one thousand eight hundred and four, and on the said consolidated annuities, on or before the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and four.

XIII. And* for the mere easy and Jure payment of all the froerol The Bank to annuit^es tflttUished by this act* be it further enacted, That the appoint a g°v*rnor and company of the bank of England, and their

camier and an successors, shall from time to time, until all the said annuities accountant, shall be redeemed, appoint and employ one or mere sufficient general, and person or persons, within their office in the city of Lends* to be their chief or first cashier or cashiers, and one other sufficient person within the same office, to be their accountant-general; and that so much of the monies by this act appropriated for the purpose, as shall be sufficient from time to time to anfurer the said several and respective annuities, and other payments,

Annuites payable and tr ansfei rable at the Bank.

Money to be ifluedoutof the consoli-

for payment of annuities and charges;

and shall be charged upon the said fund.

The treasury in Ireland to issue out of the consolidated fund and pay into

the treasury to order money to be jflfued to the cashier for payment of annuities.

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 47. 163

men's, herein tiiredted to be made out of the said monies, in re*

Ipt& of the whole of the said sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, shall, by order of the commissioners of the treasury of Great Britian, or any three or more of them, or the high tneafurer of Great Britain for the time being, without my further warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained in that be*

Wf, from time to time, at the respective days of payment in dtisi& appointed for payment thereof, be issued and paid at the Kcerpt of the exchequer in Great Britain, to the said first or chief nihier or cashiers of the said governor and company of the bank of England^ and their successors, for the time being, by way of imprest and upon account, for the payment of the said several and respective annuities payable by virtue of this act; and that such cashier or cashiers, to whom the said money shall from time to time be issued, shall from time to time, without delay, pay the same accordingly, and render his or their accounts thereof, according to the due course of the exchequer in Great Britain j and that the said accountant-general for the time being shall from time to time inspect and examine all receipts and payments of the said cashier or cashiers, and the vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any fraud, negligence, or delay.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the cashier or cashiers Cashierfogive

of the governor and company of the bank of England, who shall for

hare received or shall receive any part of the said contributions ^hich mjwbe toward the said sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand assigned be-pounds, shall give a receipt or receipts in writing to every such fore Dec. iS, contributor for all such sums; and that the receipts to be given I 4-

shall be assignable at any time before the eighteenth day of December one thousand eight hundred and four, and no longer: provided always, that such cashier or cashiers shall give security Cashier to to the good liking of any three or more of the commissioners of £, vc fec.urit? the treasury, or the high treasurer of Great Britain for the time money he re-C being, for duly answering and paying into the receipt of his ceivcs into the Majesty's exchequer in Great Britain, as after mentioned, for exchequer, the publick use, all the monies which they have already received, and shall hereafter receive from time to time, of and for the whole of the said sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, and for accounting duly for the same, and for performance of the trust hereby in them reposed, and shall from time to time pay all such monies as soon as he or they shall receive the same, or any part thereof, or within five days afterwards at the farthest, into and shall account for the same, in the exchequer of Great Britain, according to the due course thereof, deducing the reout such sums as shall have been paid by him or them in pursuance of this act, for which sums so paid allowance shall be made in his or their accounts. Ah k t 1m

XV. And be it enacted, That in the office of the accountant- keptki the general of the governor and company of the bank of England for accountant-the time being, a book or books shall be provided and kept. In general's of-which the names of the corttributors shall be fairly entered; ^contribr^ which book or book9j ffce said respective contributors, their to, nanK respective executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, shall aduplicat

- wWrrof t

titled to annuities tax tree.

164 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 47. [1804.

be transmitted and may from time to time, and at all seasonable times, resort to to the audimr inspect without any fee or charge; and that the said acoun-CXC " tant-general shall, on or before the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and five, transmit an attested duplicate, fairly.written on paper, of the said book or books into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer of Great Britain, there to remain for ever.

Contributors

XVI. And be it further enacted, That such contributors, thefrStw* <luly paying the whole sum so subscribed at or before the respectferiptions en- tive times, in this act limited in that behalf, and their respective executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this act to have, receive, and enjoy, the said fevera) annuities, by this act granted in respect of the sum so subscribed, out of the monies granted and appropriated in this session of parliament for payment thereof, and shall have good and sure interests and estates therein, according to the several provisions in this act contained, and that the said several annuities shall be free from all taxes, charges,

.. and impositions whatsoever.

paSin'parT*

XVII. Provided always, That in case any such contributors

and not com- who have already deposited with or shall hereafter pay to the pleated, for- said caftlier or cashiers any sum or sums of money at the time teited. and in the manner herein-before mentioned, in part of the sum or sums A> by them respectively subscribed, or their respective executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, shall not advance and pay to the said cashier or cashiers, the residue of the sum or sums so subscribed at the times and in the manner before mentioned, then and in every such case so much of the respective funl or Aims so subscribed, as shall have been actually paid in part thereof to the said cashier or cashiers, shall be forfeited for the benefit of the publick, and all right and title to the said annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annumf and of three pounds per centum per annum respectively, in respect thereof, shall be extinguished; any thing in this act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all persons who shall be entitled to any of the annuities hereby granted in respect of the said sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, and all persons lawfully claiming under them, shall be possessed thereof as of a personal estate, which shall not be de- j fcendible to heirs, nor liable to any foreign attachment by the custom of London, or otherwise j any law, statute, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury, or the high treasurer of Great Britain, for the time, being, to issue.and apply from time to time all such sums of money as shall be so paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer of Great Britain^ by the said cashier or cashiers, to such services as shall then have been voted by the cofnmons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in this present session of parliament.

Annuities to be deemed personal estate.

Treasury may apply the money paid > the

into chequer.

ex-

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 47. 165

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Treasury may hid lords-commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or any three

or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised, out of the said sum of fourteen millions five hundred thou* find pounds, to remit to the exchequer of that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, \ from time to time, any sums of mosey, not exceeding in the whole the Aim of four millions five hoadred thousand pounds, to be applied to such services for 7rr-issiy as shall have been voted by the commons of the united iingdocn of Great Britain and Ireland, in this present session of parliament.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That books shall be con- Accountant-fhndy kept by the said accountant-general for the time being,

wherein all alignments or transfers of all sums advanced or for titering contributed towards the TaidJum of fourteen millions five hun-transfers, dred thousand pounds, shall be entered and registered; which entry shall be conceived in proper words for that purpose, and shall be signed by the parties making such alignments or transfers, or if such parties be absent, by their respective attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorised, in writing under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, to be attested by two or more credible witnesses; and that the several persons to whom such transfers shall be made, shall respectively underwrite their acceptance thereof, and that no other method of assigning and transferring the said annuities, or any part thereof, or any interest therein, shall be good or available in law; provided always, that all persons possessed of any share or interest in either of the Stock may be laid (locks of annuities, or any estate or interest therein, may deviled.*devise the same by will in writing, attested by two or more credible witnesses; but that no payment shall be made upon any such devile, until so much of the said wiU as relates to such share, estate, or interest, in the said docks of annuities, be entered in the said office; and that in default of such transfer or Transfers not devise, such share, estate, or interest, in the said (locks of annui--ties, shall go to the executors, administrators, successors, and stamp"dutlc* assigns; and that no stamp-duties whatsoever shall be charged on any of the said transfers; any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That out Treasury may of the monies arising from the contributions towards raising the defray inci" said sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, by cesout of annuities, any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury, contributions or the high treasurer of Great Britain for the time being, shall and allow fa-hare power to discharge all such incident charges as shall necef-1*to* fcrily attend the execution of this act, in such manner as to them aceounUnt-shall seem just and reasonable; and also to settle and appoint such general, allowances as shall be thought proper for the service, pains, and

labour of the said cashier or cashiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said contributions; and ?lfo shall have power to make, out of the said consolidated fund, such further allowances as shall be judged reasonable for the service, pains and

labour

xmides.

*66 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 47. [1804.

labour of the said cashier or cashiers for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said annuities payable by virtue of this act; and also for the service, pains, and labour of the said accountant-general, for performing the trust reposed in him by this act; all which allowances to be made as aforesaid, in respect of the service, pains, and labour of any officer or officers of the said governor and company, shall be for the use and benefit of the said governor and company, and at their disposal only.

The % l per

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all the monies to cent, reduced which any person or persons shall become entitled by virtue of be added to (^1S ac^> respect of any sum advanced or contributed towards the joint (lock the said sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, of {I. percent.on which the said reduced' annuities, after the rate of three reduced an- pounds per centum per annum, shall be attending, shall be added to the joint stock of annuities transferable at the bank of England, \ which, by an act made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his late Majesty, were reduced from four pounds per centum per annum to three pounds per centum per annum, and shall be deemed part of the said joint stock of annuities, subject nevertheless to redemption by parliament, in such manner, and upon such notice as in the several acts by which the said annuities, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum were respectively granted, are directed in respect of the annuities redeemable by virtue thereof, and that all and every person and persons and corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the money to which, he, she, or they, shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this act, shall have and be deemed to have a proportional interest and {bare in the said joint stock of annuities at the.rate aforesaid.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all the monies to which any person or persons shall become entitled by virtue of this act, to be added ton rc*Pc* any advanced or contributed towards the said the joint stock sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, on which of 3l. per cent the said confoKdated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per confois, centum per annum, shall be attending, shall be added to the joint stock of annuities transferable at the bank of England, into which the several Turns, carrying an interest after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, were by several acts, made in the twenty-fifth, twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirty-second, and thirty-third years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and by several subsequent acts, consolidated, and shall be deemed part of the said joint stock of annuities, subject nevertheless to redemptfpn by parliament, in such manner and upon such notice as in the said act made in the twenty-fifth year of his said late Majesty's reign is directed in respect of the several and respective annuities redeemable by virtue of the said act, and that all and every person and persons, and corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the money to which he, she, or they shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this act, shall have and be deemed to have a proportional interest and share in the said joint stock of annuities at the rates aforesaid.

The 31, per crnr.consols under this act

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 47. 167

XXV. And be it further enided, That if aoyperfoo or persons Persone coun-

flutil forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or coun* rc*

lerfeited, or shall willingly ad or aflirt in the forging or counterfeit- contribution#, ing any rtfceipt or receipts for the whole of, or any part or parts &c. guilty ok of the said contributions towards the said sum of fourteen millions hlony.

five hundred thousand pounds, either with or without the name or names of any person or persons being inserted therein, as the contributor or contributors thereto^ or payer or payers thereof, or of any port or parts thereof, or shall alter any number, figure^ or word therein, or utter or publish, as true, any such false, forged, counterfeited, or altered receipt or receipts, with intent to defraud the governor and company of the bank of England or iny body politick ^corporate, or any person or persons whatsoever, every such person or persons so forging or counterfeiting, or caufiag or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly acting or assisting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, steering, or publishing as aforesaid, being thereof convicted in doe form of law, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall foffer death as a felon without benefit of clergy,

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the ?anh to said governor and company of the bank of England, and their Nation till fjccessors, not withsta tiding the redemption of all or any of their ^he annuities own funds, in pursuance of the acts for establishing the same, or hereby grant* any of them, shall continue a corporation for the purposes of this ed ccafe.

ad, until all the annuities by this act granted shall be redeemed by parliament as aforesaid; and that the said governor and company of the bank of England, or any member thereof, shall not incur any disability for or by reason of their doing any matter or thing in pursuance of this act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That no fee, reward, or gratuity whatsoever, shall be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty's subjects, for receiving or paying the said subscription tribunal*, or or contribution-monies, or any of them, or for any receipt con- paying or cerning the same, or for paying the said annuities, or any of u auskrring them, or for any transfer of any sum, grfeat or f mall, to be made in pursuance of this act, upon pain that any officer or person offend- y ing, by taking or demanding any such fee, regard, or gratuity,

shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds to the party aggrieved, with full costs of suit, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's coarts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoign, protection, privilege, or wager of law, injunction, or order of restraint, or any more than one imparlance shall be granted or allowed.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons sued persons shall be (ued, molested, or prosecuted for any thing done may plead the by virtue or in pursuance of this act, such person or persons shall Sacral lilue. and may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special

matter in evidence, in his, her or their defence or defences; and and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontintie his, her, or

trteir

i68 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 48: [1804.

their action or prosecution, to he nonsuited, or judgement (hal be given against him, her, or them, upon demurred or other-Treble costs. wife, then such defendant or defendants shall, have treble costs awarded to him, her, or them, against any such plaintiff 01 plaintiffs.

CAP. XLVIII.

An act for raising a attain sum of money by way of annuities or debentures, for the fervid ^Ireland.

[May 16, 1804.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

W1

rE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in parliament assembled, being defirotis to raise the necessary supplies which we have cheerfully granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament, have resolved that the sum of one million.two hundred and fifty thousand pounds, Irish currency, being one million one hundred and nfty-three thousand eight hundred and forty-six pounds three shillings and one penny sterling, be raised in Ireland, in manner herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefcnl par-for every wo/'ament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That every Irish currency contributor towards raising the said sum of one million two shall be enti- hundred and fifty thousand pounds, Irish currency, his heirs, tied to the executors, administrators, and assigns, shall for every sum of one bl, ndrod pounds, Irish currency, contributed, and paid, be en-in annuities at titled to the principal sum of one hundred and twelve pounds Si per cent, seven shillings and three-pence in annuities, after the rate of five transferable pounds per centum per annum, transferable at the bank of Ireland, f1 J"*°^and the interest thereon to commence from the twenty-fifth day or' at their' March one thousand eight hundred and four, and to be pay-

option, be en- able at the said bank half yearly on the twenty-ninth day of titled to de- September and the twenty-fifth day of March in every year, or at I th t^"1 k*s °Pri°n b entitled to have and receive a debenture or defury for sST bcntures from the treasury of Ireland, at the rate of one hundred bearing a like and twelve pounds seven shillings and three-pence, Irish cur-imcrc& rency, bearing an interest of five pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the said twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and four, and to be payable at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer in Ireland half-yearly on the twenty-ninth day of September and the twenty-fifth day of Marsh in every year.

II. And whertas pursuant to and upon the terms and conditions expressed in the said resolution, several persons have subscribed together the whole of the Jsaid sum of one million two hundred and fifty thouseni I pounds, to be raised by annuities or debentures, and have made depofiu I^of five pounds per centutii and five pounds per centum on the re-

180f] Annos regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 48.. 169

iflwefms by them so subscribed UJbesaidfum of one million two ttdrtd and fifty thousand pounds, be it therefore enacted, That it Contributors foil and may be lawful for such contributors who have niade*1'"* such deposits for the purchase of such annuities, to advance and Ly in their payunro the cashier or cashiers of the governor and company fabferiptions of the bank of Inland (which calbier or cashiers is and are »n the pro-hath; appointed the receiver and receivers of such contributions vnhoot any other warrant to be had in that behalf), the several herein

raniinders of the sums by them respectively subscribed towards mentioned. the hid Aim of one million two hundred and fifty thousand pounds, at or before, the respective days and times, and in the proportions herein after limited and appointed in that behalf; bat is to say, the further sum of ten pounds per centum on or before the twenty-eighth day of May one thousand eight hundred and four, the further sum of fifteen pounds per centum on or before the twenty-third day of June then next following, the further sum of fifteen pounds per centum on or before the twenty-firrt day of July then next following, the further sum of ten -pounds per centum on or before the twenty-second day of August then next following, the further sum of ten pounds per centum on or before the twenty-fourth day of September then next following, the further sum of ten pounds per centum on or before be twenty-fourth day of October then next following, the further sum of ten pounds per centum on or before the twenty-fourth day d November then next following, and the remaining sum of ten pounds per centum. on or before the twenty-second day of De-umber then next following.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Contributors Tor such contributors who have made such deposits for the Pur

: hafc of debentures, to advance and pay to the teller and cashier their^uUcrip. )fhi$ Majesty's exchequer in Dublin (which teller and cathier is tions in tie hereby appointed the receiver of such contributions without any like manner, other warrant to be had in that behalf), the several remainders of the sums by them respectively subscribed towards the said sum of one million two hundred and fifty thousand pounds, at or before the like days and times, and in the like proportions, at or in which the contributors to the sums subscribed for the purchase of annuities are herein-before required to pay the same.

IV. And be it enacted, That every contributor paying in the Discountof5£. whole of the sums by them respectively subscribed in respect of j^we^oa* the said sum of one million two hundred and fifty thousand pounds, payments

to be contributed as aforesaidat any time on or before the twenty- made in ad-third day of November one thousand eight hundred and four, vance.

shall be entitled to an allowance of so much money as the interest of each sum so paid in advance'for completing his, her, or their contribution respectively shall amount unto, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum from the day of completing the same to the twenty-second day of December one thousand tight hundred and four; which allowance is to be paid by the hid cashier or cashiers, or the said teller and cashier, out of the monies to be contributed in pursuance of this act, as soon as such

170 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 48. [1804.

respective contributory their executors, administrators, and assigns shall have completed such payments.

Annuities and V. And be it enacted, That the said federal fobferibm or interest shall contributors, their executors, administrators, or assigns, vearf^Se t ^or cvcrY one hundred pounds by him, her, or them respectrr/j a^and March a^v»need and paid, be entitled to the principal sum of one Iran*5, &c. dred and twelve pounds seven shillings and three-pence in annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum, which annum shall commence from the twenty*fifth day of March one thou* (and eight hundred and four, or to a debenture or debentures from the treasury of Ireland*, after the rate of one hundred asi twelve pounds seven shillings and three-pence, bearing an interest of five pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the find twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and four; and the said annuity of five pounds per centum shall be payable and paid half yearly at the bank of Ireland, by even and equal portions, on the twenty-ninth day of September and twenty-fitt day of March in every year; the first payment thereon to be das on the twenty-ninth day of September one thodland eight Jnmdid and four; and the interest on the said debentures shall be payabK / at the exchequer of Ireland\ by even and equal portions, on dfl twenty-ninth day of September and the twenty-fifth day of Mri in every year, the first payment thereon to be due on the twenty ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and four; bai the said annuities shall not be payable until the respedire fcfl feribers or contributors, their executors, administrators, or signs shall have completed the whole of the films by them fdfi feribed for the purchase of the said annuities.

As soon as

VI. And be it enacted, That as soon as any contributors wM fttbftripttons fl^u have subscribed for any principal sum, in annuities, tranw annuities are Arable at the bank of Ireland, their executors, administratav completed or alligns, shall have completed their payments of such part i they may be the whole sum payable by them respectively towards the said fca transferred. Df onc million two hundred and fifty thousand pounds, as (ha!

be payable in respect of the said annuities of five pounds per to* turn, the principal sum or Turns In the said annuities shall forth* with be/ in the books of the bank of Ireland, placed to the cre$t of the respective contributors, their executors, administrators, and assigns, completing their payments respectively; and tb: persons to whose credit such principal Aims shall be so placed, their respective executors, administrators, or assigns, shall hart power to assign and transfer the same, or any parr, (hart, or proportion thereof, to any person or persons; and the said governor and company of the bank of Ireland are hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be, to prepare proper books for the purpose of entering the names of all such contributors, and placing to their credit the principal sums so paid by them rer* speflively, and that such of the said contributors, their executor, administrators, or assigns, who shall complete their payments of such part of the whole sum payable by them respectively tomr: $ the said sum of one million two hundred and fifty thousand

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 48. 171

pounds, as shall be payable in respect of the said annuities* at »f rime before the governor and company of the bank of ? JbWQuJ) have prepared their receipts* according to the di- jettons of this act, shall be entitled to have the (urns so paid jtakwith placed to their credit in the books of the bank of InM; and the said governor and company are hereby required ta case such sums to be forthwith placed to the credit of the prrfenentitled to the annuities in respect thereof in the books oflfefenk of Inland accordingly* and such entries in the said.tab shall be in lieu of the receipts hereby directed to be given fer all sums paid in manner aforesaid and such sums shall carry annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum re* tamable by parliament*; and shall be taken and deemed to be lock transferable according to the true intent and meaning of: Ai$aA until redemption thereof.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every contributor who Contributors Ad) have subscribed for the purchase of debentures* his exe- L" °* cetors* administrators* or affigos, and who shall have madefhanonmak-pwmeot of any instalment thereon, shall be entitled to receive ing payment. from the proper officers of his Majesty's treasury in Ireland»thereon re-debentures for the sum he, she, or they shall be entitled to in °ve sche"; icfped thereof; and shall also, on payment of the instalments^JtQrwhich payable on the said twenty-second day of December one thousand they shall be eight hundred and four, be entitled to receive debentures in entitled; but Rfped of the sum deposited by him* her, or them, as aforesaid; no° be provided always, that no sum to be expressed in any debenture ^ereinto be tail be other than one hundred pounds or fifty pounds; and in other than case there shall be any fractional part of the sum of fifty pounds* 100l. or 50L CD which any subsenber shall be entitled in respect of the sum contributed and paid by him, such fra&ional part shall be placed to the credit of such contributor in the books of the bank of Irtlasi) in like manner as if such contributor had subscribed to the same in annuities.

VIII. And be it enacted, That a debenture at the rate of Debentures one hundred and twelve pounds seven shillings and three-pence, fh^l be given for every sum of one hundred pounds, to be subscribed and paid ^ann-r on at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer in Dublin, bearing such loans in Ire-interest as aforesaid, shall be given ?by the proper officers of his land.

Majesty's treasury in Dublin, in like manner as hath been usually done in cases where principal sums have been heretofore borrowed in Ireland on loan by debentures; and the debentures so to be given shall be numbered in numerical order, beginning with number one until the whole shall be numbered.

IX. And be it enacted, That upon every such debenture Iniercft oh <Jr. there shall be paid* at the receipt of his Majesty1* exchequer in benturea (Ml DvWw, to the person who shall become entitled to the same, his, her, or their executors, administrators or assigns, such interest principal paid as aforesaid* without any fee or charge, until such time as they offorconvat-shall be respectively paid the principal money therein, at one ed into an. entire payment* unless the same shall be converted into annuities ni, tle3-payable and transferable at the bank of Ireiqndy in pursuance of

ijz Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 48. [1804.

an act passed in Inland in the thirty-seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to enable the prtyrietsn tf & bentures issued by government to convert them intoJlocb trantyndk at the bank ^/"Ireland.

In default of

X. And be it enacted, That the respecthre (urns of fiveparndf payment of on centum, and five pounds per centum, deposited by every sub-fitbfaipUon briber towards the said sum of one million two bundrtd wA, deposits shall fifty thousand pounds, shall remain at a fecority for the due be forfeited, payment of the remainer of the sum subscribed by him: and that in case any subscriber, his executors, administrators, or affigm, shall not pay the residue of the sum or sums so subscribed at tk times and in manner before mentioned, then and iri every fad case the said deposit shall be forfeited for the benefit of the public^ and all right and title to the annuities, or to the said debentuia depending thereon, shall be extinguished; any thing herein cos# tained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Caftuert shall

XI. And be it enacted, That the cathier or cashiers of d» give receipts governor and company of the bank of Ireland who hath or he tion*which receive(, or receive any part of the said contribution may be C towards the said sum of one million two hundred and fifty tho* assigned. sand pounds, shall give a receipt or receipts in writing to every such contributor for all such sums; and that the receipts so to Is given shall be assignable by indorsement thereon, and shall Ml time to time pay all such monies as soon as he or they M receive the same or any part thereof, or within five days after* wards at the furthest, into, and shall account for the same intbl exchequer of Ireland according to the due course (hereof, & dufting the reout such sums as shall have been paid by him si them in puffuance of this act; for which sum so paid, allowijtf shall be made in his or their accounts.

A book shall

XII. And be it enacted, That, in the office of the accounting

be kept in the general of the governor and company of the bank of /r/W, I

ffeSral^of- boo*c or l>00*ts be Prvided and kept, in which the name fee for enter- of the contributors shall be flirty entered, which hook or boob ing contribu- every contributor, his executors, administrators, and affig* tors' names, may from time to time, and at all seasonable times, resort* which shall be a, w*n^Pc<^ without fee or reward; and the said accoontaob transmitted to general shall, on or before the twenty-fourth day of Juw one the auditor of thousand eight hundred and four, transmit an attested duplicate the exchequer. fairly written on paper of such book or books into the office of the auditor of his Majesty's exchequer of Ireland, there to remain for ever.

Annuities shall

XIII. And be it enacted, That all persons who shall be c*

*rfonalcftate to any of annuities hereby granted in respect of the said sum of one million two hundred and fifty thousand pounds,

and all persons lawfully claiming under them, shall be poflefM thereof as of a personal estate which shall not be defeendibie w heirs.

Aimuitieslhalt

XIV. And be it enacted, That all the annuities aforesaid beonejoint shall be addfed to, and made one joint dock with the present stock with the annuities Of five pounds per centum now subsisting in lrek*dy and

(hill

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. ns

Sail be payable and transferable at the bank of Inland at the present an. fenetime and in the same manner as the said prefect annuities rffive pounds par tentum are payable an9 transferable, and that<n rc tie said annuities shall be free from all taxes, charges, and im-pobions whatsoever.

XV. And be it enacted, TJiat it shall and may be lawful for Tmfniy of tkttor more of the commissioners of the treasury in, or Ireland may tie led high treasurer of Ireland for the time oeing, to issue

and apply from time to time all such sums of money as shall be as h/aid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer of by shallfaavebern

tie laid cashier or cashiers, to Inch services as shall have been voted by par. wed by the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain lament, ad Inland in this prefect session of parliament.

XVI. And be it enacted, That all the monies received by the Money shalt

hid cashier or cathiers of the bank of Ireland, shall be paid into earrjed to

the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at, and, together

with such monies as shall be received for debentures as herein.

before mentioned, shall be carried to, and form part of, the confoiijiated fund of Ireland.

XVII. And be it enacted, That all the said annuities and and the anna kerefts which shall become payable in respect of the said Aim fries and in-of one million two hundred and fifty thousand pounds, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and are hereby charged upon e tre" and made payable out of the consolidated fund of Ireland.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That so much money shall from Moneyfliallbe time to time be set apart at the receipt of the exchequer in frt apart at the Inland, out of the consolidated fund of Ireland, to the governor "chequer for and company of the bank of Ireland, as shall be sufficient to a purpose fetisfy and pay all such annuities as shall be created by virtue of this act, together with the charges attending the same.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That books shall be con-Accountant-ftintly kept by the said accountant-general for the time toeing, £cnerjjH)<^a* wherein all alignments or transfers of all sums advanced or contributed towards the said sum of one million two hundred transfers.

and fifty thousand pounds, shall be entered and registered; which entry shall be conceived in proper words for that purpose, and Dull be signed by the parties making fuefa alignments or transfers, or if such parties be absent, by their respective attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorised by writing under his or their hand and seal, or hands and feats, to be attested by two or more credible witnesses, and that the several persons to whom such transfers shall be made, shall respectively underwrite their acceptance thereof j and that no other method of aligning and transferring the said annuities, or any part thereof, or any interest therein, shall be good and available in law, and that no stamp-iutits whatsoever shall be charged on' any of the said transfers.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons 2rfiriSng*re!l" ftnll forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or coun- ceipts for con-terfeited, or shall willingly act or assist in the forging or counter- tributions, or feiting any receipt or receipts for the whole of, or any part or pans of the Cud contributions towards the said sum of 9ne guilty of Vc-

ffiilJion jonjr.

*74

Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 48. [1804.

million two hundred and fifty thousand pounds, either with or without the name or names of any person or persons being inserted therein, as the contributor or contributors thereto, or

payer or payers thereof, or of any part or parts thereof, or ftafl

alter any number, figure, or word therein, or utter or publish as true any such false, forged, counterfeited, or altered receipt or receipts, with intent to defraud the governor and company of the bank of Ireland* or any body politick or corporate, or any person or persons whatsoever, or shall forge or counterfeit any

debenture or debentures, or alter any number, figure, or worj

therein, or utter or publish as true any such falte, forged, counterfeited, or altered debenture, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or any person or persons whatsoeverj

very such person or persons so forging or counterfeiting, c f

causing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or willing'yi

acting or aflilling in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering,

uttering, or publiQjing as aforesaid, being thereof convicted in due form of law, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon without benefit of clergy.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no fee, reward, or

cciving con- gratuity whatsoever shall be demanded or taken of any of hisj

trtbutiona, or Majesty's subjects for receiving and paying the said Aiblcription

paying or or contribution monies, or any of them, or for any receiptor

transferring debenture concerning the same, or for paying the said annuities, annuities on r»P c er 3 P -

penalty ofao/.or^7 °* or fQr znY transfer of any sum, great or final!,

to be made in pursuance of this act, upon pain that any officer or person offending, by taking or demanding any such fee, reward, or gratuity, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds to the party aggrieved, with full costs of suit, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Dublin, wherein no eifoign, protection, privilege, wager of law, injunction, or order of restraint, or any more than one imparlance shall be granted or allowed.

Persons sued XXII. Andhe it further enacted, That if any person or persons

mayPiliffthC^be sued> rooIcfted> or prosecuted for any thing done by general ue. virtue or in pursuance of this act, such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act and the spechl matter in evidence, in his, her, or their defence or defences, and if afterwards a verdict Hull pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or be nonsuited, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them upon demurrer, or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs award, cd to him, her, or them against any such plaintiff or plaintiffs. Act may be

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That this act may be pealed thi/*" varied, aitered, or repealed by any act to be passed in this session session. of parliament.

No fee to be taken for re-

itof] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 49. x75

CAP. XLIX.

koB for granting lo his Majesty^ until twelve months after the rodpcation of a definitive treaty of peacey additional duties of nctfi on wine imported into Great Britain.

[May 16, 1804.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

TUI, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the rV commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and brandy in parliament assembled, towards raising the suppltet to kkvj the expences of the just and necessary war in which your Majesty is engaged, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several additional duties of excise herein respectively mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with &e advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That there shall be raised, levied, collect- The addled and paid, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs 2nd of Uthe* faccessors, upon the several goods, wares, and merchandize-, drawbacks mentioned and described. in the schedule hereunto annexed, mentioned in the several sums of money and additional duties of excise as the schedule they are respectively inferred, described, and set forth in the annexed, shall laid schedule, over and above all other duties of excise now allied?11 payable to his Majesty; and that there shall be made, allowed, and paid, for or in respect of goods, wares, and merchandize, for or in respect whereof any duty of excise is by this act imposed, to the several persons entitled to the same, the several drawbacks of excise as the same are also respectively inferred, described, and set forth in the schedule hereunto annexed; and the same shall commence and take effect from the respective days mentioned in the said schedule.

II. And be it further enacted, That such of the duties, by Duties to be this act imposed, as shall arise in that part of Great Britain under the ma-called England, shall be under the management of the commissioners of excise in England} for the time being; and such mjloners of thereof as shall arise in that part of Great Britain called Scotland\ excise.

/Ml be under the management of the commissioners of excise in Sutland, for the time being.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said several sums of Dutiea and money respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said under this act schedule hereunto annexed, as the duties of excise, and the draw- tol^kvied backs set forth in the said schedule, upon the several goods, and allowed wares, and merchandize, mentioned therein, shall and may be as former respectively raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, drawbacks adjudged, mitigated, and allowed, in such and t)ie.like manner, 0

and in or by any or either of the general or special means, ways, or methods by Which the former duties and drawbacks of excise respectively Upon goods, wares, and merchandize of the same

' 176 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 49.

[1804.]

same forts or kinds respectively were or might be raised, levied, j, collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated, and allowed; and the goods, wares, and merchandize so by this act respectively made liable to the payment of or chargeable with, duties of excise, or so intitled to drawbacks of excifty as respectively infer ted, described, and let forth in the said fckdulc hereunto annexed, shall be, and the same are hereby madettjd to all and every the conditions, regulations, rules, restridio&s, and forfeitures to which goods, wares, and merchandize were generally or specially subject or liable by any act or acts of par-, Lament in force immediately before the passing of this act, respecting the duties of excise5 and all and every pain, penally, 'fine, or forfeiture of any nature or kind whatever, for a of offence whatever committed against or in breach of any act or acts of parliament in force immediately before the passing of this,

' made for securing the revenue of excise, or for the regulation

or improvement thereof, and the several clauses, powers, and directions therein contained, shall and are hereby directed asd declared to extend to and shall be respectively applied, pradiied, and put in execution, for and in respect of the several duties and drawbacks of excise hereby charged and allowed, in as fuUaoJ ample manner, to all intents and purposes whatever, as M and every the said acts, clauses, provisions, powers, directions, fines, pains, penalties, or forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this act*

Duties and lV, And be it further enacted, That in all cases where dutih, 'l^backa arc Qt drawbacks allowed by this act, or any specifick

tionateTo0^ quantity of goods, wares, and merchandize, the same shall, in the actual every case, be understood, deemed, and taken to apply in tbs

quantity. same proportion, and after the same rate, to any greater or Ids

quantity than such specifick quantity.

How addi- V. And be it further enacted, That, in estimating the additional tional duties duties hereby imposed on wine, as being found upon the first ftocT(halinbe a&ua* farvey ty the proper officer of excise, after, the thirtieth day estimated, and of April one thousand eight hundred and four, in the (lock, how paid. custody, or possession of any dealer or dealers in, or fe|ler os

fellers of foreign wine in bottles, five reputed quart bottles shall be reckoned to the galion, and two hundred and fifty-two of such gallons to the tun \ and the said additional duties payable on wine, as being in the (lock, custody, or possession of such dealer or dealers in, or seller or sellers of foreign wine as aforesaid, shall be paid by such dealer or dealers, or feller or feliers, in manner following; (that is to say), one third part thereof on the fifth day of January one thousand eight hundred and five, one other third part thereof on the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and live, and the remaining third part thereof on the fifth day of January one thtfefand eight hundred and six.

Act not to

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no-charce with thing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to

wine iia Sock cxlcnc, t^charge with any duty by virtue of this act, any

wine

t5o4] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 40. 177

wine in the flock, custody, or pbflcflion of any dealer or dealers for which the in, or seller or sellers of foreign wine, for which the additional have

duty by this act 'imposed shall have been paid on importation been pud on thereof, nor any wine in the flock, custody, or possession of importation, iny dealer or dealers in, or seller or sellers of foreign wine, s\or any onlefe such dealer or dealers, or fellers or feliers, shall have in "0fur*

her, or their flock, custody or possession, on such actual CXcceda cer-imrey as aforesaid acter the thirtieth day of April otic thousand tain quantity, eight hundred and four, a quantity or quantities of wine ex- < coding two hundred and fifty two galions, reckoning five reputed quart bottles to a galion, for all such wine as shall be in bottles.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all wine taken and Prize wine condemned as prize, and sold by the captors or their agents,

and taken out of any warphouse wherein the same shall bejor houfta for* flull have been secured for consumption in this kingdom, (Kali homecon-be subject and liable to the additional duty respectively by this fumption shall act imposed for or in respect of wine imported 3 and such J*"^55to, additional duties shall be paid and payable by such persons, and fifties.*l0° in such manner, as the duties on such wines are now payable.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That for any sort of wines a drawback shipped under the rules, regulations, and restrictions, prescribed of the duties by law for the use of admirals, captains, or other commissioned bc ^low-officers, employed in his Majesty's service, for their actual consumption on board such of his Majesty's ships as they shall naval officers, respectively serve hi, a drawback shall be allowed and paid of the whole duty by this act imposed.*\

IX. And whereas contracts or agreements may have been made for th[ale or delivery of wine on which additional duties of excise are or may bt granted by this act, which contrails or agreements have no reference t) such additional duties, and thereby the several contractors may be materially ajfefted\ for remedy thereof, 'be it further enacted,

That all and every person or persons who (half or may have The amount made or entered into any such contracts or agreements, shall, and of the addi-they are hereby respectively authorised and empowered, in the tional duties case of any such contracts or agreements, to add so much money^con. as will be equivalent to the Taid additional duties respectively to trailed for the price of such wine, and shall be entitled by virtue of this act to be paid for the same accordingly.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons 200l. penalty whatsoever, shall molest, disturb, hinder, oppose, or impede any forotftnift-officer or officers of excise in the due execution of the powers mg0 cers" and authorities by this act granted, or any or either of them,

every person so offending shall forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all fines, penalties, and Recovery and forfeitures imposed* by this act, shall be sued for, recovered, application levied, or mitigated by such ways, means, or methods, as any 0 Penaltlc$> fine, penalty, or forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied,

or iping^ed by any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt, bill, platqt, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of Vol. XLV. N record

record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

Duties to be paid into the exchequer and kept separate, and shall be applied as shall be voted by the commons.

Act may be altered or repealed this leflion. Continuance of act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all the monies arising by the said duties (the necessary charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Westminster, distinctly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt of exchequer, a book or books, in which all the monies arising from the said respective duties, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon any account whatever; and the said monies Co paid into the said receipt shall, from time to time, as die tame shall be paid into the said receipt, be issued and applied to such services as shall then have been voted by the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in this present session of parliament, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and four, or shall be voted by the said commons for the service of any subsequent year; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, are and is hereby authorised and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly,

XIII. And be it enacted, That this act, or any of the provisions thereof, may he altered, varied, or repealed by any act or acts to be passed in this session of parliament.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue in force until twelve months after the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refeis.

WINE. DUTY.

£ s* d*

For every tun of French wine imported into Great Britain, for which all the duties herein specified and all other duties thereon that shall |iave been charged, or shall be chargeable thereon, shall not have been paid, before the 30th day of April 1804, or which on the 30th day of April 1804, shall be remaining in any warehouse, storehouse, vault, or cellar, under the locks of the officers of the customs or excise - - -11 18 6

DUTY.

Wine continued., £. s. d.

For every tun of all other wines (not being French wines) imported into Great Britain, for which in the duties herein specified and all other dunes thereon that shall have been charged, or shall be chargeable thereon, shall not be paid before ike 30th day of April 1804, or which, on the jDth day of April 1804, shall be remaining in my warehouse, storehouse, vault, or cellar, under the locks of the officers of the customs or excise, or in any warehouse in which the same shall have been or shall be lodged or deposited under and by virtue of an act, passed in the forty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, "An act to permit Portugal wine to be landed and warehoused without payment of duties under certain restrictions for a limited time" - - -7190

For every tun of French wine which shall hare been round on the first a dual survey by the proper officer of excise after the 30th day of April 1804, in the (kick, custody, or possession of any dealer or dealers in, or seller or sellers of foreign wine - - -.11 18 6

For every tun of all other wines (not being French wines) which shall have been found on the first adhial survey by the proper officer of excise after the 30th day of April 1804, in the stock, custody, or possession of any dealer or dealers in, or seller or sellers of foreign wine - - 7 19 o

; DRAWBACK.

For every tun of foreign wine, which shall be exported to foreign parts, by way of merchandize, from or out of the entered stock of any dealer or,

dealers, or seller or sellers of such wine, the whole of the duties by this act impaled re*

Iptflively.

CAP. L.

An 18 to revive and continue, until the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, an act, made in the last session of parliament, for providing for the more speedy completion of the establishment of officers in the militia of Great Britain; and far facilitating the fitting up vacuole* therein.

[May 16, 1804.]

J

CAP. LI.

An act for making allowances in certain cases to fubalteni officers of the militia in Great Britain, while difombodiid.

[May 16, 1804.]

18o Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 5a.

[1804.

CAP. LII.

An act to alter and amend jo much of an act passed in the thirty-fourth year of his present Majesty, as relates to the amount of the fms to s be paid by persons compounding for the performance ofjlatuteJuty.

[May 16, 1804.]

WHEREAS by an ady passed in the thirty fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for varying some c 74* of the provisions in an act of the thirteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, respecting the publick highways within that part of Great Britain called England, which relate to the performance of statute duty, it is amongst other things enacted, that am person or persons liable to perform statute duty may compound fir the famey by paying to the surveyor of the highways jack certain sums oj money as the justices at a special Jeff on of the peace shall adjudge and declare to be reasonabley not exceeding the sums therein mentioned: and whereas it is expedient that the suns so to be paid by persons defines tf compounding forstatute dutyf- should be increased in the proportions herein after mentioned; be it therefore enacted by the King's moll'excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords

spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament So much of assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and reUtM to the t*lc PanjJ of this act, so much of the said act of the thirty-- amount of*fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, as relates to the composition amount of the sums to be paid by persons delirous of compound for statute ing for the performance of statute-duty, shall be and the same is

duty repealed. hereby repealed.

Composition II- And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fur statute faffing of this act, any persons or persons liable to perform fta-duty how to fUtc duty, by fending one or more team or teams, draught or and Mid.amCd draughts> plough or ploughs, with men, horses, or oxen, in manner in the said recited act of the thirty-fourth year of his present Majesty's reign mentioned, shall and may compound for the same, if he, she, or they shall think fit, by paying to the surveyor of the highways, at the time and in the manner in the said act of the thirteenth year of his present Majesty's reign mentioned, such sum or sums of moneyas the justices of the peace for the limits wherein the parish, townflaip, or place, for which the said duty is liable to be performed, is situate, or the major ..part of them, at their special felCon to be held in the fir/twedc after Michaelmas quarter session in every year, shall adjudge and declare to be reasonable, not exceeding twelve (htilings nor'left than three Shillings for each team, draught, or plough, for each day; and in default of their adjudging and declaring the same, the sum of six shillings, for and-in lieu of every day's duty for N*ejtch team, draught, or 'plough? and for each cart with two

: horses pr beasts of draught, not exceeding eight shillings nor le& than three shillings; and in default of their adjudging and declaring the same, the sum of fqpr shillings; and for each cart

with

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. $3. i8t with one horse or bead of draught, not exceeding six shillings, nor less than two shillings 3 and in default of their adjudging and declaring the same, the sum of three shillings.

CAP. LIII.

A eft for granting to his Majesty, during the present war % and fit fx months after the expiration thereof by the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, additional duties on the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, into Great Britain 3 and on good:, wares, and merchandize, brought or carried coastwise, within Great Britain. — -[May 18, 1804.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty ?s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in parliament assembled, towards raising the supplies to defray the expences of the just and necessary war in which your Majesty is engaged, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the several additional duties herein after mentioned 3 and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after Front June r* the first day of June one thousand eight hundred and four, there >804. there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his {he additional heirs and successors, in ready money, (except as herein after is duties inserted -provided), without any discount whatever, upon goods, wares, in annexed or merchandise, imported or brought into Great Britain from )

pans beyond the seas, and upon goods, wares, or merchandize thedniw- brought or carried coastwise, or from port to port within Great hacks insert* Britain, the several additional duties of customs, as the same are ed in table respectively inserted, described, and set forth in figures in the CMnd (B>) tables hereunto annexed, marked A. and B. 3 and that there shall a "

al(b be paid or allowed the several drawbacks of the said duties of customs as the same are also respectively inserted, described, and set forth in figures in the said tables marked A. and B* 3 any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the addi- Additional tional duties of customs, granted by this act, shall not be charged duties not to or payable on any cotton wool, wine, or tea, or on any fir timber wool, eight inches square and not exceeding ten inches square, of the tea, alJ j

growth of Norway, and imported directly from thence 3 nor on certain deals, any deals above seven inches in-width, being eight feet in length learnt not above ten feet in length, and not exceeding one inch and an half in thickness 3 nor on the produce and amount of the additional duties of customs granted by an act passed in the Iaft session of parliament, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty, 43 Geo. 3. luring the present war, and until the ratification of a definitive c. 70? treaty of peace, additional duties $k the importation and exportation of

Additional duties, payable on a)

182 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 53. [1804.

certain goods, wares, and merchandize) and on the tannage of ships and vessels in Great Britain.

III. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective additional duties of customs, by this act granted on goods, wares, gooils^excrpt anc* merchandize, shall be charged and payable on all goods, imported by wares, and merchandize, (other than and except such as shall the Jiaft-India have been or shall be imported by the united company of met-wilictfthe °n chants of England trading to the East Indies), which shall not have former duties ^een entered, and on which the duties of customs due and pay-luve not been able thereon on or before the said first day of June one thousand pudorfebured eight hundred and four shall not have been paid or secured by thou^Mm-" bond, notwithstanding such goods, wares, and merchandize may ported before hare been imported into Great Britain on or before the said first June 1, 1804. day of June one thousand eight hundred and four.

Additional

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the ad-duties not dirional duties of customs, granted by this act, on the importation payable if the of any gOOCjSt wares, and merchandize into Great Britain, (other Importation nhan except such as have been or shall be imported by the shall have been united company of merchants of England trading to the East secured by Indies), shall not be charged or payable on any such goods, wares, bond by June or merchandize, in case the whole of the duties of customs, due l> 1 °4' thereon at the time of importation, shall have been secured by bond, on or before the said first day of June one thousand eight hundred and four.

Additional V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the ad-duties (except ditkmal duties of customs granted by this act on goods, wares,

On gOOuS »m- 4nr| f >K*n and Airh* iK.11 haVebcCd

ported by the ant* merchandize (other than and except such as shall have bee East-Indfa imported by the united company of merchants of Englandtn&'mi company), to the East Indies), shall be charged and payable on all goods, shall be pay- wares, and merchandize imported into Great Britain, which shall remaining in*, >avc hccn or *'1 be warehoused, and shall remain, on the said warehousea first day of June one thousand eight hundred and four, in' warc-

linH — ki a n mi > <» ttn U*IaaIt in mi fi,- a m

1804, but shall UCTUrc l, c, am Iirit day of Jttne one thousand eight not be charged four, although such goods wares, or merchandize may have been till taken out imported beforelhe raid first day of June one thousand eight hun-for home con- dred and four: provided always, that such duties shall not be charged umpuon. or on arly such goads, wares, or merchandize, unless and

until any such goods, wares, or merchandize shall be taken out of any such warehouse for the purpose of being used or con fumed in Great Britain, or shall be sold for payment of duties under any act or acts of parliament, relating to such duties.

Additional

VI. And be it further enacted, That the additional duties of duties shall be customs granted \>y this act upon goods, wares* and merchandize, Poods\Cm>n al,mPortec^ by the said united company of merchants of England porte'dby xhc trading to the East Inches, as the same are deferred and fee forth East India in figures in the table hereunto annexed, marked B. shall be due

company, and payable upon all such goods, wares, and merchandizev(cotton w ne°and ti woo'» wine* and tea excepted), as shall, from and after the said excepted), first day of June one thousand eight hundred and foifr, be foW, r /*the

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 53. 183

the puhJictfales of the said company, and shall be paid or fepured shall be

in such mapner and at such times, and subject to such rules, regulations, and restrictions, as are prescribed and directed with re-

{peel to the payment of any former duties of customs upon such 1X04*

goods, wares, and merchandize respectively: provided also, that the said additional duties of customs shall be due and payable on

all goods, wares, and merchandize imported by the said united

company, which shall remain in the warehouse of the said company

on (be said first day of June one thousand eight hundred and four,

and which shall not have been sold at the publick Tales of the said company, notwithstanding such goods, wares, and mer-

chandize may have been imported into Great Britain before the said first day of June one thousand eight hundred and four.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in a!l cases where the Additional whole or any part of the duties of customs on any good?, dutiej may be wares, and merchandize are permitted % be secured by bond, by virtue of any act or acts of parliament in force on or immediately before the first day of June one thousand eight hundred and four, the additional duties of customs granted by this act may in like manner and under the same rules, regulations, restrictions and conditions, be permitted to be secured by bond.

VIII. And whereas it is expedient on account of the additional duty by this act imposed on sugar imported into Great Britain, that an cd- dismal bounty shouhl be paid and allowed on the exportation from Great Britain of refined sugar produced from sugar of the British.plantations, or from sugar imported by the united company of mer-.chants of England trading to the East Indies, and on which sugar the duties of customs, payable thereon at the time of the importation thereof shall have been duly paid; be it therefore enacted, ^That Bounties on there shall be paid and allowed on the exportation from Great "fined sugar Britain of any such refined sugar, and which shall have been pre- cxPorte*pared from sugar on which the duties of customs payable at the time of the importation of such sugar shall have been duly paid, an additional bounty, to be calculated at and after the rate of twelve pounds ten shillings for every one hundred pounds in money on the produce and amount of whatever bounty may be due and payable on any such refined sugar respectively by any act or acts of parliament in force at the time of the exportation thereof, exclusive of the produce and amount of the additional bounty on such sugar, granted by an Act of the last session of parliament, intituled,

An act for granting to his Majesty* during the present war, and until3 Geo. 3*

the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, additional duties on the c. 7°'

importation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize*

and on the tonnage of flaps and vojfels in Great Britain: provided

always, that the additional bounty by this act granted shall not

be paid or allowed on any refined sugar which shall be entered

for exportation before the thirteenth day of July one thousand eight hundred and four; and that the said additional bounty shall not be paid or allowed on any refined sugar, which shall not have been actually shipped for exportation within six weeks after the

expiration of this present act.

Ireland.

*84 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 53.

[1804, Not to aflfett

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing o^aft^so^hen l^'s a<^ contained shall extend or be construed to extend to union ot Great rcPeal or alter any of the provisions contained in two acts for the Britain and union of Great Britain and Ireland, the one made in the parliament of Great Britain the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of his ffrefent Majesty's reign, and the other made in the parliament of Ireland in the fortieth year of his present Majesty's reign, or any other act or acts in force on or immediately before the said first day of June one thousand eight hundred and four, by which any ds, wares, or merchandize imported from Ireland into Great ritainy or any goods, wares and merchandize exported from Great Britain, to Ireland* are respectively made to remain liable to or are charged with or exempted from any duties of customs, whether countervailing, or others or by which any drawbacks or bounties are allowed or given in respect of any such goods, wares, or merchandize. '

X. And whereas an additional duty of customs on sugar imported into Great Britain is by this act imposed; and whereas it is jujl and rcafmable in respect thereof, and pursuant to the provisions contained in the acts for the union of Great Britain and Ireland; that additional duties of customs should be charged on all refined sugar, being of the manufacture of Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain, sufficient to countervail the additional duty on the raw material by this act tmposed: be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the first day of June one thousand eight hundred and four, there shall be charged on any refined sugar, being of the manufacture of Ireland, and imported from, thence into Great Britain, the several additional countervailing duties of customs, as the same are respectively inserted, describe'd, and set forth in figures in the table hereunto annexed marked C.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said additional countervailing duties shall be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, colt

likeniamiCT Pa, d, recovered, appropriated, and applied, in such and the

as former like manner, and by the same means, ways, and methods, m countervail- every respect, as the former countervailing duties on refined ing duties on sugar, the manufacture of Ireland, and imported from thence into reined sugar, Great Britain are managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered, appropriated, and applied.

XII. And whereas it is jufi and reasonabUy on account of tie addi-iitional duty of customs by this act charged on sugar imported into Great Britain, that additional drawbacks or bounties should in respect thereof be paid and allowed on refined sugar, of the manufacture cf Great Britain, exported from thence to Ireland, be it therefore fur-

Bounties on ther enacted, That, from and after the thirteenth day of July ont refined sugar thousand eight hundred and four, there shall be paid and allowed,

Countervailing duties on sugar imported from Ireland.

Countervail ing duties to

exported to Ireland.

on the exportation from Great Britain, to Ireland, of the manufacture of Great Britain, which shall have been prepared from sugar of the produce of the British plantations, or from sugar imported by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, on which sugar the duties of customs payable arthe time of the importation thereof shall^ve been duly paid, the several and respective additional drawbacks or bounties as the same

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 53. 185

&sk arc respectively inserted, described, and set forth in figures in the table hereunto annexed marked D.: provided always, thit the said additional drawbacks or bounties respectively shall sot be paid or allowed unless all the rules, regulations, restric-uhh, and conditions required by any act or acts of parliament in iorce on or immediately before the passing of this act, with rrfpft to drawbacks or bounties payable on the exportation from Great Britain to Ireland of any refined sugar, are duly cffl&pSed with.

JflU. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said Commence*

1 additional bounty shall not be paid or allowed on any refined JSuSmce [ fcgar which shall be entered for exportation to Ireland before I the thirteenth day of Julj one thousand eight hundred and four; tics.

' sod that the said additional bounty shall not be paid or allowed onany refined* sugar which shall not have been actually shipped for exportation to Ireland within six weeks after the expiration of this present act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That such of the additional Duties to be duties of customs, as shall arise in that part of Great Britain undertiie died England shall be under the management of the commis- of^frefpcc-. fbners of the customs in, England) for the time being; and such tive comroif-.thereof as shall arise in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, fioneri of the shall be under the management of the commissioners of thccustom8t ccstoms in Scotland) for the time being.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the several duties putics and respectively inserted, described, and set forth in figures in the u^rthis bid tables hereunto annexed, marked A. and B. as the additional act to be le-dutles of customs, whether charged and payable on the several vied, &c. as goods, wares, and merchandize specified therein, according to former duties, the value thereof, or otherwise, and the drawbacks of the duties hereby titer-of customs upon, for, or in respect of such goods, wares, and e(jw y merchandize, may and shall respectively be ascertained, managed,

nifed, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, and allowed, except where any alteration is expressly made by this act, ip such and the like manner, and by the same means, ways, or methods, as former duties of customs, and drawbacks of duties of customs, upon goods, wares, or merchandize in general, and also by any such special means, ways, or methods respectively, ts former duties of customs, and drawbacks of duties of customs, upon goods, wares, or merchandize, of the same forts or kinds, were or might be ascertained, managed, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, and allowed, and the goods, wares, or merchandize, whereon duties of customs are by this act charged, and drawbacks of duties of customs allowed, upon the importation thereof into, or exportation thereof from Great Britain, or on any other account whatever, shall be, and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the conditions, regulations, rules, restrictions, feisures, and for*

1 feitures, to which goods, wires, or merchandize in general, and also all and every the special conditions, rules, regulations, re* ftriltions, Seizures, faks, and forfeitures respectively, to which

Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. $3. [1804.

the like goods, wares, or merchandise, were subject and liable by any act or acts of parliament in force on and immediately before the said first day of June one rhousend eight hundred and four, respecting the revenue of customs, except where any alteration is expressly made by this act, and all puns, pedoes, fines, and forfeitures, of whatever nature or kind the fane may'be, as well pains of death as others, for any offence whaterc committed against-or in breach of any a St or acts of parliament in force on and immediately before the said first day of Jwnt one thou fond eight hundred and four^ made for securing the revenue of customs, or for the regulation or improvement thereof, and the fever*! daubs, powers, provisions, and directions, contained in any such a St or acts, shall (unless where expressly altered by this act), and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, 2nd shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in execution, for and in respect of the several duties of customs, and drawback of duties of customs, hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as it all and every the said acts, chases, provisions, powers, directions fines, pains, penalties, or forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this act, and made part thereof. Duties shall

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all the monies arifinf fhchPPervtea ty duties, (the necessary charges of raising and account*

as shall tie ing for the same excepted), shall from time to time be paid into voted by the the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, distinctly and apart froa house of com- all other branches of the publick revenues; and that there M |noni*k be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt of exchequer, a book or books, in which all the mend arising from the said respective duties, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs and h> ceifors, upon any account whatever; and the said monies so paid into the said receipt shall, from time to time, as the same shall be paid into the said receipt, be issued and applied to such services as shall then have been voted by the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present session of parliament, for the service of the year one thousaol eight hundred and four, or shall be voted by the said commons for the service of any subsequent year, and the of oi his Majesty's treasury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, are or is hereby authorised and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

Limitation of

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any action or full actions. shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, such adionorfuit shall be commenced within three calendar months next after the fad committed, and not afterwards, and shall be hid in the county or place where the cause of complaint did arise, nd not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in every such action General issue* or suit may plead, the general issue, and give this act and the

fpccul

lSa+.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 53.

spertal matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon j ami jflhejory shall find for the defendant or defendant* in any such tffiort or (bit, or if the ptamtllP or plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or tfifcontinne hit, her, or their action or suit, after the de-fcadaot or defendant* Audi have appeared, oHf, upon demurrer, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the' defendant or defendants shall have treble cofit, and have the like Treble cotta.-i pmedy for the same as any defendant hath in any other cases to - recover costs by law.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the duties granted i by this act shall continue in force during the present war, and 0 u*

I (or six months after die expiration thereof, by the ratification* of f a definitive treaty of peace.

J XIX. And be it further enacted, That this act, or any of the provisions thereof, may be varied, altered, or repealed, by any pealed tSi*

fSt or a$f to bp made'in this present session of parliament. session.

SCHEDULE referred to in this Act,

Table (A.)

j

fi Table of Additional Duties of Customs, payable on the Importation into Great Britain, of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, therein enumerated or deferihed, not being imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies:

AMb»of Additional Duties of Customs, payable on the Goods, Wares, and.Merchaodiae* therein enumerated or described, brought or carried Coast-vise, or- from- Pott to Port, within Great Britain.

INWARDS. Duty. -- V Drawback*

RniGos of all forts, for every £.too of the produce, and amount of the duties, of customs due and payable thereon (except as herein after C s. £. u dL

mentioned} no additional duty of Sjgar, for every, £.100 of the produce and amount of the duties of customs due and pay»ble thereon (except as herein after mentioned,) an addi- 25. 0. 0

tional duty of All other goods, wares, and merchandize, for every £.100 of the produce and amount of the duties of customs due and payable thereon (except as herein-, 12 10 O 12 10 Q

after mentioned.), 5in additional dirty of*{ - 12 10 O —

TABLE (A.) — INWARDS.

Duty.

Except,

- Cotton Wool*

- Tpa.

- Wine.

- Wood, viz.

- Deals, above seven inches in width, being eight feet in length, and not exceeding one and a half inch in thickness.

.. Fir Timber, being eight indies square

and not exceeding ten inches square, of the growth of Norway, and imported directly from thence.

These additional duties are not to be charged on the produce and amount, of the additional duties of customa granted by an act of the last iession of parliament, intituled, 'c An act for granting to his Majesty, during the present war, and until the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, additional duties on the importation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, and on the tonnage of {hips and vessels in Great Britain."

See the A St to which this Table is annexed*

S' dm

COASTWISE.

Goods, wares, and merchandize brought or carried coastwise, or from port to port within Great Britain, for every £.100 of the produce and amount of the duties of customs due and payable thereon, (except as herein after mentioned,) an additional duty of ..

NOTE,

Coals, videlicet,

- used for smelting copper and tin ores within the counties of Cornwall and Devon, or which shall be used in fire-engines for the draining water out of the mines of tin and copper'within the county of Cornwall.

This additional duty on such coals shall be repaid in like manner as the other duties on coals so used; and for the conditions, regulations, and restrictions under which

; [1804.

Drawback.

- T " 1

DUTY.

i* 10 0

those

iS04'] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 53. 189

TABLE A. continutd. duty,

coastwise. £. i. d*

Coak continued.

those duties shall be so repaid, See9 Ann. cap. 6. 14 Geo. II. cap. 41.

- used in calcining or smelting copper and lead ores within the Isle of Anglesey, or which shall be used in fire-engines for draining water out of the mines of copper and lead within the said file.

This additional duty on coals so used shall be repaid in like manner as the other duties on such coals are directed to be allowed by any act or acts of parliailient whatever; and for the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which those duties shall be so repaid. See 26 Geo. III. cap. 104.

- used for any purpose relating to carrying on the 'works for the manufacturing of tin plates, and for other purposes at Pennygored in the county of Pembroke, called the Pennygored Works.

This additional duty on coals so used, shall be repaid under the conditions, regulations, limitations, and reftrkJtions, directed by the 35 Geo. III. cap. 39. and 43 Geo. III. cap. 70.

Cinders, Coals, and Culm, shipped coastwise, at any port in Great Britain and delivered in any part beyond the seas, before the duties due on the exportation thereof shall have been paid.

This additional duty on such cinders, coals, and culm, shall be repaid in like manner as the other duties on cinders, coals, and culm, lb shipped and delivered; and for the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which the said duties shall be so repaid. See 25 Geo. III. cap. 54.

This additional duty on goods, wares, and merchandize, brought or carried coastwise, or from port to port in Great Britain is not to be charged on the produce and amount of the additional duties of customs, granted by an act of the tail session of parliament, intituled,

"An act for granting to his Majesty, during the present war, and until the ratification of a' definitive treaty of peace, additional duties on the importation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, and on th* tonnage of ships and vessels in Great Britain."

Sec the Ad to which this Table is annexed.

Table

Table (B.)

A Table of Additional.Duties of Customs, payable on the Goods, Wares and Merchandize therein enumerated or described, imported into Gm Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to th East Indies.

Sugar, for every £.too of the produce and amount of the duties of customs due and payable thereon, (except as herein after mentioned), an additional duty of -

All other goods, wares, and merchandize, for every £. 100 of the produce and amount of the duties of customs due and payable thereon, except as herein after mentioned), an additional duty of -

Duty. Drawback

£*d* I.

12 XO O 12 10

12 IO O

Except,

Cotton Wool.

Tea.

Wine.

These additional duties are not to be charged on the prodace and amount of the additional duties of customs granted by an act of the last session of parliament, intituled, " An act for granting to his Majesty, during the present war, and until the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, additional duties on the importation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, and on the tonnage of ships and vessels in Great Britain." See the A dt to which this Table is annexed.

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. £4, ig

Table (C.)

A Table of Additional Countervailing Duties of Customs, payable on refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Ireland, imported from thence into Great Britain.

duty.

Sopr refined, viz. £. s. d.

1 — Bastards, whole or ground, the hundred weight 0 2 6

- Lumps, the hundred weight*- - - o 4 8| ,

- Single Loaf, the hundrea weight - - 0 5 o

- Powder Loaf and double Loaf, the hundred

.-.*--0 5

- Sugar Candy, viz.

- Brown, the hundred weight -048

- > White, the hundred weight - o 5 4I

Supr refined of any other fort, the hundred weight 054!

Table (D.)

A Table of Additional Drawbacks or Bounties to be paid or allowed on the Exportation of refined Sugar of the Manu» bcturc of Great Britain, exported from thence to Ireland.

Drawback of Bounty.

Sugar refined, viz. £. s. d.

- Bastards, whole or ground, the hundred weight 026

- Lumps, the hundred weight - o 4 8£

- Single Loaf, the hundred weight - -050.

- Powder Loaf and double Loaf, the hundred

weight - - -054}

- Sugar Candy, viz.

" — Brown, the hundred weight - o 4 8$

- White, the hundred weight - o 5 4i

Sugar refined of any other fort, the hundred weight - o 5 4?

CAP. LIV.

In act to consolidate and amend the provifms of the several alls r/+ kitig t$ corps of yeomanry and volunteers in Great Britain; and tQ make further regulations relating thereto.

[June 5, 1804.]

WHEREAS an act was passed in the forty-second year of the

reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to enable his Geo. 3. Majesty to avail himself of the offers of certain yeomanry and volunteer corps to continue their services: and whereat an act was passed in the forty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for authorising the billetting of such troops 43 Ge°- 3* of yeomanry and volunteer cavalry as may be desirous of e.iax.and

assembling

Where arms or accoutrements have not bten supplied to corps, the

194 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 54. [1804.

VI. Prcrvided always, and be it further enacted, That iqj every case in which any corps of yeomanry or volunteers, heretofore accepted or hereafter to be accepted, requiring any arms or accoutrements at the expence of his Majesty, shall not have been supplied with such arms or accoutrements in sufficient time

members who lo have enabled the members thereof, or of any part or propor-ed^ufterand t*011 any CQrPs> to have attended properly armed and exercise may accoutred at muster and exercise, according to the provisions of be returned as this act, every member of such corps who shall have duly attend-effective. ed muster and exercise, although without arms or accoutrements, shall nevertheless be deemed and taken to be, and may be returned pr certified to be, an effective member thereof, in like manner as if he had so attended properly armed and accoutred.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That ii shall be lawful for the commanding officer of any corps oi yeomanry or volunteers, in any case in which, on application

and such per- made for that purpose, it ftt?ll appear to him proper to grant, C°th* leave of absence to any effective member of such corps, who may Full mfmberof be prevented from attending in any period of four months the days of at- number of days of muster and exercise required by this act, to tendance, shall grant such leave, and to return or certify such person so-absent m t^e next return or certificate; and every such person shall iii such case continue entitled to exemption as an effectice member; provided he shall in the succceding four months attend such number of days of muster and exercise, as will complete the full number of eight days' attendance if cavalry, or sixteen days if infantry, in the whole period of eight successive months; and in default of having so attended eight times if in the cavalry, or sixteen times if in the infantry, in such eight successive months, he shall be struck out of the lift of effectice members, and returned in the muster-roll as non-effectice, and shall be no longer entitled to any exemption under this act, while so returned.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any effectice member of any cprps of yeomanry or volunteers shall have attended at the usual muster and exercise thereof, the full number of twelve days if cavalry, and twenty-four days if infantry, within any period of four successive months, commencing from any day appointed by this act for making a return, or within any two successive periods of four months each

Commanding officers may grant leave of absence;

be entitled to exemption as dfedives.

Members attending the full number of days yearly, though not m equal proportions e*ch period of four

months, to be commencing as aforesaid, every such person shall in such case entitled to continue entitled to exemption, and shall be returned as an exemption. effectice member for the periods for which he would have beca entitled to exemption, and to be returned as an effectice member in case he had, within such first period of four months, attended at the.muster and exercise of such corps, four days if cavalry, and eight days if infantry, and the like number of days in each of the two succceding periods, according to the provisions of this act.

Commanding.IX. And be it further enacted, That all officers command-

officers to ing corps of yeomanry and volunteers shall, on the first day of make returns' ju

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 54. 193

ifttr the puffing thereof, fes to his Majesty may hfereafter seem fit and proper) and to disband or discontinue the servicet of any nrpt of yeomanry or volunteart now formed or hereafter to be (brand ropectively, or of any parts of such corps, whenever it*TV, CCS °* my seem expedient to his Majesty 1o to.do: provided always, rf'Srfore tL* tfiat the servicet of all corps of yeomanry and volunteers accepted passing of than Wore the passing of this Aact shall be deemed to be continued aft, shall be adsr the provisions thereof, unlefa his Majesty shall signify his deemed to be attrition of disbanding or discontinuing the servicet of any^j^the, fich corps, by Uny order to be communicated by his Majesty's provisioiu I principal secretary of state. thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every person enrolled or Effective j t» be enrolled, and serving as an effectice member of any corps member* of of yeomanry or volunteers, in Gnat B, and who shall be yo?unteer of duly returned or certified as such under this act, shall be exempt corps to be from being liable to serve personally, or to provide a substitute exempt from is the militia of Great Britain, or in any additional force raised in

sr to be raised for foe deface of the realm and more vigorous Sther addi-prosecution of the war, under any act or acts of the last session tional forces of parliament, or under any act or acts of the present or any but not to future session of parliament, and from (bpplying any vacancies extend to therein, and shall remain so exempted lb long as he shall continue to be, and be returned or certified to be, an effectice fed than such member, in manner by this act required, and no longer: pro- exemption tided always, foot nothing in this act contained shall extend, or would not be be cooitnied to extend, 'to entitle any member of any corps of ITgrcato-ywnaury or volunteers, to any exemption mentioned in this number than aft, in any case io which, in foe offer or acceptance of servicethe estabBth-tf sech corps, it shall have been specified that such exemptionmet>t* would not be efeumed by or allowed to the members thereof} or to entitle any greater number of persons in any corps, to any ORtnptiotto under this act, than shall have been or shall be allowed as the eftsMished number of such corps.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no?°11P"n perfect shall be deemed, confer ued, or taken to be an effectice number of any corps of yeomanry or volunteers, or shall be member who returned or certified as such by any commanding officer under does not duly thit ad, or be entitled to any exemption, under any of the a f*r" provisions thereof, who shall not have duly attended, properly^armed and accoutred, and mounted if cavalry, at the muster or left absent ocrcife of the corps to which he belongs, if cavalry four days, with leave, or M iafiaSSry eight days, at foe lead, in the course of the four-swath* next preceding each return made under this act; un-^M an effec* lets he shall lave been absent with leave, under foe provisions live member, of thit ad, or shall have been prevented by actual sickness, fetch &c. fidmefs to be certified by some medical praditioner, or otherwise proved to foe commanding officer of the corps to Ms fotiffaction, nor undefs such periods shall be returned or certified I by his commanding officer, in manner directed by this act, as ! an effedhre member, and as having taken the oath of allegiance.

[Pages missing?]

196 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 54. [1804.

Field officers

XI. And be it further enacted, That all field-officers and and adjutants adjutants of volunteer corps, and every person serving b any corpsfUan?r c^P* of yeomanry or volunteer cavalry, who shall be returned.person* serv- in any such mutter ^roll, or be certified as aforesaid, as an ing in yeo- effective member thereof, and as having used any horse, mare, ft1 te^ °c£°m oror /uc^ service during such day? of mutter and ex-

vilryfex-" erdlje as aforesaid, and every person providing a horse, mare, or exnpted from gelding for any other person serving as an cttective member in duty for any such corps who shall be returned as effective* and as having horses used at ufC(j horse, mare, or gelding, for such service during such exerc^e^nd days of mutter and exercise, shall be exempt from the payment also persons of ai>y duties in respect of such horse, naare, or gelding, so

providing long as such horse, mare, or gelding shall be so used by an

them 5 and all effective member as aforesaid; and every person enrolled and members of serving in any corps of yeomanry or volunteer cavalry or volun*

yeomanry teer infantry, who shall be returned in any such muster-roll

and voluutee^ under this act, as an efiedive member thereof, shall be exempt the Phair^m ^r0Q1 die payment of the duty chargeable in respect of such per-powder duty. Ton wearing hair-powder, so long as he shall continue an effective member of such corps: provided always that every such exemption from duty as aforesaid shall be returned and claimed in the manner in which exemptions are dineded to be returned and claimed by an act passed in the Uft session of par-45 Oto. j. Jiauieot, intituled An act for repealing the several duties under tin c*1 f* management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, and gram-ing new duties in lieu thereof % for granting neu) duties in certain tofts therein mentioned; for repealing the duties of excifo on licence and on carriages conjlryfted by coachmakers, and granting new dutin thereon, under the management of the said commissmen for the offun of taxes; and also new duties on persons felling carriages by auQ'm Commanding pr on commission*provided also, that the commanding officer of f*ch corpsihalL, btfow(be fifth, <j.v-of succeeding

certificates the passing of this act, and between the fifth day of April and

to the fur. the fifth day of May* in every fooceeding year, deliver or cause

veyor of the to be delivered to any forveypr or injpedor of taxes of the

form^nfcbe! district wherein such corps ttullbe enrolled, or of any adjoining dule (E.) and district, a certificate in the form in the ichedule to this act annex-inicrt therein jed, marked (E.); and in case the lame shall be a corps of the names of yeomanry or volunteer cavalry, and any of the horses, mares, or ?fdin "h Sc^ing^ used by any effectice member thereof for service therefor o&cw andn> be provided by any other person or persons, such com-affidavits of manding officer shall also insert in fcch certificate the names of the persons so the several persons who shall provide any such horses, mares, or furniriied geldings, and shall also annex to such certificate, affidavits of

Uannewd^v*rsd P*rfpns serving in such corps, for whom any horses,

mares, pr geldings, shall be provided, declaring respectively by, whom the falsee are provided; and every person claiming to be

exempted from the said duties shall be charged ami chargeable thereto, pnlcfs such certificate as aforesaid, and also such affidavits in cases where the same are hereby required, shall have been delivered pursuant to the provisions of this act* whiph certificates

A

Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 54. 197

cites, made up, returned, and certified, according to the form thereof in the said schechile marked (£.), shall be deemed to be diffident and valid for the purpose of proving such claims to exemption as aforesaid: provided always, that if, from jmy varia- Where the tion of circumstances or other reasoit, the said forms hereby re- J^b-ed quired cannot be strictly adhered to, any inftroments of a similar JjSherS0* ksport may nevertheless be admitted and received in proof as a>, instru-i/brcsaid, at the discretion of the respective commifioners acting menu of a in the execution of the above-mentioned act of the last feflfon of fimil^import parliament for the district wherein stich corps shall be enrolled; md when so admitted and received, shall be as valid for the purpofos aforesaid, as if a certificate and* affidavit had been deli* vertd according to the directions of this act..v

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no^e^(|rro. members of any corps of yeomanry or volunteers mall be en- exemptions tided to any exemption Under this act, unless the commanding unle& the efieer thereof shall, at the times of transmitting the muster-rolls

in manner directed by this act, certify at the foot thereof that fi€SCin the " such corps has been inspected, at least once in the space of the muster rolls preceding four months, by some general or field officer of his that it has Majest/s regular forces; or if such inspection shall not have to

taken place, that such corps has been ready and willing to be so i^inspeaed. inspected at its usual place or places and times of meeting. to

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no toll shall be de- be demand*

manded or taken at any turnpike-gate or bar for any horses, for any horse mares, or geldings, rode by any person belonging to any corps ro^? bX anf of yeomanry, or by any field officer or (sass officer of volunteers, ^Vfyeo-in going to any place for the purpose of exercise, or returning manry, or by therefrom; any thing in any act or acts to the contrary not- any field or withstanding: provided always, that every such person shall be officer of drelTed in the uniform of his corps, and have his armd and ac- loin* toex-coutrements according to the regulations provided for such fretfe, &c. corps at the time of claiming such exemption from toll as afore- dressed in £jd' uniform, and.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the clerks of the ^u^red^ general meetings of the several counties in Great Britain shall* ckiknjf the within ten days after they shall receive such certificate and re- general turns as aforesaid, transmit to the clerks of the subdivision meetings to meetings, extract* therefrom, containing the names of the per- transmit -fons in each subdivision returned therein as effective members;

and dull also, three times in every year, transmit to his to the ful>*

Majesty's principal secretary of state, abstracts, in the form in division

the schedule to this act annexed, marked (D.), of the several clerks, and

muster-rolls so sent to them respectively under this act 5 which secretary

abstracts shall express the names of the several corps, the number of state.

of perfofts enrolled and serving in each corps, and the number of such persons therein as are ^exeittpted from serving in the

militia or other additional forefe respectively; and if act, such Penalty for

clerk shall omit.or neglect to tiranfmif such abstracts as afore-trans-

said, of all the returns received b^htYh, within six weeks after the

period prescribed-t>y this-aft'for mdkfrfg returns, or shall know"- fending faUb

Penalty on commanding officers making fal fe re-

198 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 54. [1804.

ingly or wilfully transmit any false abstracts, such clerk shall; forfeit and pay (or every such offence the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered as any like penalty may be recovered under any acts' relating to the militia, and, to go to and be applied to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors.

XV. And be it further enacted, That every commanding officer of any corps of yeomanry or volunteers as aforesaid, who shall knowingly make any false return of any muster-roll of such turn# or giving porps, or give any false certificate under this act, shall forfeit for false certifi- every such offence the sum of two hundred pounds; to be re-cates* covered as any like penalty may be recovered under any a its relating to the militia, and to go and be applied to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors.

When the.XVII. And be it further enacted, That the lieutenants and proportions of deputy lieutenants of every county, when they fix, at any gene-SCfcnre inXC<i ra* mcel, nS>he proportions, of men to serve in the militia, or the militia or any such additional force, for the several hundreds or other divi-any additional fions, (halt dedudfc the number of yeomanry and volunteers force, such at exempted as aforesaid from the number of persons liable to the Sll beSe^ bailot, and apportion the quotas for the several divisions accord-du&ed, and ingly"; and the deputy lieutenants at their respective subdivision meetings shall in like manner apportion the quotas for the several parishes, tythings, and places: provided always, that when a greater number of men are actually serving for any division, p^riflytything, or place, than would be due from it according to the last made apportionment, the surplus shall not be discharged, but, as vacancies occur, such vacancies shall be supplied from such divisions, parishes, tythings, or places, as by the last made apportionment are most deficient.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this act or in any other acts contained shall exempt any person enrolled or serving in any corps of yeomanry or volunteers from being ballotted to serve in the militia, or any such additional force as aforesaid { and the deputy lieutenants at their respective subdivi- ciu oc ^lon meet*nSs shall enter, into a separate lift, the names of all given*to*such P*rsons who shall have been chosen, by ballot to serve in the afe are chosen, militia, or such additional force as aforesaid, during the periods who shall he of such persans being exempt, from service under this act, in the order in which they shall be so chosen, and shall, notwithstand-Ia c o erve ing such exemptions, give notice thereof to the persons so choseq; but shall at the same time apprize such persons that they. are exempted from such service so Jpng as they shall continue effejflive members of such corps of yeomanry or volunteers; and every such person shall, if he shall quit such corps, deprive them or be discharged therefrom by his commanding officer for non-of any other attendance or any misconduct or misbehaviour under the pro-yifions of this a<$, during thp conti nuance, of the present war, or until six months after thq exchange of the ratifications of a definitive treaty of peace, be imftiediafely liable to fehrefor the full period of service for which. he shall have been chosen by bailot; and every such person shall# id the reorder in which he shall the quotas apportioned accordingly, See.

Persons enrolled in the yeomanry or volunteers not to be exempted from bailot, and notice to be

on quitting the corps or being discharged for tmlcondust, but not to

exemptions they may be fenbtled to.

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 54. 199

flnIJ have been entered on such lifts, fill up any vacancy that nay then be, or may hereafter arise, in such'militia or additional face as aforesaid, in and for the subdivision for which he shall originally have been ballotted, and shall immediately on any such ractncy arising, be enrolled to serve, or find a substitute to serve in such militia or additional force as aforesaid for such full period of fcrrice as aforesaid, 10 commence from the time of his enrolment or finding a substitute as aforesaid; and every such person who shall refuse or negle<Sfc so to serve, or find a substitute to save, shall be liable to all the penalties, forfeitures, and provisos contained in any act or acts relating to the militia or such '

additional force, for neglecting or refuting to serve or find a substitute: provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to deprive any such person who may, at the time of his being summoned to attend for the purpose of being enrolled, or of finding a substitute to serve 25 aforesaid, be entitled to any other exemption, from serving in the militia or other additional force as aforesaid, from claiming and having the full benefit of such exemption.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Effective member of any corps of yeomanry or volunteers who shall have.nJeiJ?bef* been chosen by ballot to serve in the militia or other additional cont|. force as aforesaid, and who shall have been exempted from serv- nuing'to serve ing by reason of his being an effective member of such corps, in yeomanry and who shall continue to serve as an effective member thereof or volunteer during the continuance of the present war, and until six months after the exchange of the ratifications of a definitive treaty of not liable to" peace, shall, on quitting or being discharged from such corps serve at the after the expiration of the said terms, be liable to serve, or to e£pirar ?n Sod a substitute to serve, by reason of any such bailot, or to sup- ^afon of^ ply any vacancy that may arise in the militia or such additional suchballQt* force as aforesaid, by reason of having been inserted in any such lift as aforesaid; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: provided always, that every such person shall thenceforth be liable to be chosen by bailot, and to serve in the other militia or such other additional force as aforesaid, in like manner as if he had not before been chosen by ballot to serve therein.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where Volunteers any person who shall, 1 on account of changing his place of refi- cor^fncTcn-dence to any other parish or distridi, quit any corp9 of yeomanry them^ or volunteers in which he shall have been an effective member, selves in an-and entitled to exemption as such up to the time of his quitting other, to

the same, shall, within ten days after he shall quit such- corps, enroll himself in any other corps of yeomanry or volunteers, every attendance such person shall, upon producing to the commanding officer of and to have the corps in which he shall have last enrolled himself a certifi- the benefit cate of the number of days on which be shall have attended the |j5crco" mutters and exercise of the corps which he has so quitted (Which and f aftert*certificate the commanding officer thereof is hereby required towards chosen give), be entitled to the benefit of the number of days specified in by ballot r* such certificate, and shall and may, on completing the number fcnrc*the

aoa Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 54. 804.

subdivision of days of attendance at mutter and exercise required by- this act, belongs toft t^ie corPs ia which he shall have last enrolled him Gulf, be enti-be exempt ded to be returned, and shall be returned as an efiedavo member frontservice of such corps, and shall continue to be entitled to exemption as in the fubdi- such in like manner as if he had, from the time of hia enrolment corps which he shall have quitted, been an effedkive mem- ber of the corps in which be shall have last enrolled himself: provided always, that if the corps in which such person shall have last enrolled himself, and the corps which he shall have quitted, shall not belong to the same subdivision, and such person shall at any time thereafter be chosen by ballot to serve in the militia or such additional force as aforesaid, for the subdivision so which the corps io which he shall have last enrolled himself shall belong, such person shall no longer be liable to serve or to Sod a substitute to serve in the militia or such additional force, for the Cub-division to which the corp6 which he shall have quitted shall belong, although he may have been chosen by ballot to serve for such last mentioned subdivision.

Volunteers to

XX. And be it further enacted, That ©Very person enrolled in ofallegfance any corps of yeomanry or volunteers before the patting of this who shall not have taken the oath of ailegiaoce required by an act of the last session of parliament, and every person who shall be enrolled in any such corps after the passing of this act, shall take the oath of allegiance to his Majesty j and such oath may and shall be administered to all such persons as shall have been enrolled in any such corps of yeomanry or volunteers before the patting of this aSty and who shall not have taken the same as fbon as may be ^iter the paflipg thereof, and to all such persons as shall be enrolled in any such corps after the passing of this act, as Soon By whom it a^ may be after their enrolment in such corps, by any deputy-admi" lieutenant orjuttice of the peace, or by any commissioned officer n erca. of such corps.

Adjutants,

XXI. And be it further enacted, That such of the adjutant^ serjeant-ma- serjeant-majors, drill-serjeants, and serjeants, serving in any corps *» and of yeomanry or volunteers, as receive the constant pay of their receive con- ran^ therein, and all trumpeters, bugle men, and drummers, ft ant pay, shall serving in any such corps, and receiving any pay as such therein, be fuhjed to from his Majesty or otherwise, either at any daily or weekLy rate, amdSd- and aUb al|»rriers being attested and serving in any such corps, >*d receiving any such pay therein, shall at all times be subject to any act which shall be in force far punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, and to the articles of war established for the better government of his Majesty's forces, and shall be liable to be tried for any crime committed against such act or articles of war, by any Court*-mar- general or detachment or regimental court-martial, according to"ftdofveo*e nature"d degree of the offence, in like manner and manry or vo- un£^cr the like regulations as adjutants, serjeant-majors, serjeants, lunteer oflU, corporals, or drummers of his Majesty's militia forces: provided cer» j and no always, that every such court-martial shall be composed wholly awarded^ <*cfrs l^e yeomanry or volunteer establishment; and thit

1804.] Anno rogpi qotdngeGtto quarto GeorcuIII, c. 54. tot

no paaidnnent awarded by such court-martial shall attend to them shall ex-life or Juab, accept when Uich corps are called out in cases of in- J?J{j t°x^r tafioo, or appesrsoce of an enemy in force upon the epaft. on Wrt»m oo-XXII. And be it further coaled* That in all cases of actual cafions. itrafion, or appearance of any enemy in force on the coast of in case* of Gner Britain, or of rebellion or infutre&ion anting or exiting hivafion, fee.

within the same on the appearance of any enemy in force on the

or during any invasion, all corps of yeomanry or volun-ln<j mirch*<s.

imi shall, whatever they shall be summoned by the lieutenants cording to the tf die counties in which they shall be respectively formed, or their term* of thefr vice-lieutenants, or deputy lieutenants, or upon the making of^jj, n£fjeft" i lay general ttgosls of ahem, forthwith assemble within their rc^D^j^,

ipective distruste, and shall he liable to march according to the ed deserter* terms and conditions of their respective fervioea, whether the Such corps bate shall extend to any part of Great, or bo limited tofijwea to the any county, city, town, or place therein j and all per- mutiny laws fern then enrolled in auy such corps, snot labouring under any and artide* infirmity incapacitating them from military ferrice, and not hold- of war; ing a comnaiffioa or serving in any of his Majesty's other forces, or m any other such corps of yeomanry or volunteers, and actually joining such corps, who mall refofeor neglect to join their idj>e&i*e corps, and to assemble and march therewith upon any such fommons or goners! signal of alarm as aforesaid, shall ho deemed deserters, and shall besubjed to punishment as such} and all such corps of yeomanry and volunteers, and all officers, and non-commissioned officers, drummers, and private men therein^ shall, upon and from the time of such fommons, or of (kb general signals of alarm being made as aforesaid, and until the enemy shall be defeated and expelied, and all rebellion or in-(uncetion then exiting within Great Britain shall be suppressed,

(the tone to be signified by his Majesty's proclamation,) continue and be subject to all the provisions contained in any act of parliament then in force for the pundbment of mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, and to any articles of was made in pursuance thereof, in all cases whatever.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any corps efyeoauntyor volunteers shall, with the approbation of his jetty, figoined through his principal secretary of state, volun- or marching tardy aUeoMe or march to do military duty upon any appear- to do miEtaiy aoce of invasion, or for the purpofo of improving themselves in military exercise, except in the case herein after specified as to herem»ft*r corps of yeomanry cavalry, or shall voluntarily march on being specified. called upon in pursuance of any qnjer from the lieutenant or sheriff of the county, to ufil within the county or adjacent counties for the suppression of riots or tumults, all fucla corps of yeo-nanry or volunteers shall, in all such cases, from the time of so iffembling or marching as aforesaid, and during the period of their remaining on Aich military duty, or being engaged in such service as aforesaid, be subject to military discipline, and to all the provisiona of any ift then in force for the punishment of mutiny

other regiment.

No officer of volunteer!

lot Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 54. [1804.

and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, and to any articles of war made in pursuance thereof. His Majesty XX

IV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which cor*Sunder* an^ corPs arc. assembled or marched, on any fumtnons orgesail SePcoimnund Signal of alarm, or are voluntarily doing military duty as of such gene- laid, under any of the provisions of this act, it shall be lanMfar ral officer as his Majesty to put such corps under the command of such genrii ^tnt*b ifto °cers as Majesty shall from time to time be pleasedtoi^ KChdr P°*nt for that purpose, or as shall be then commanding in the respt/iive of- districts in which such corps shall respectively be assembW, ficei b; and marched, or doing military duty: provided always, that f*h

n°effi: dtive corps shall be led by their rfcspective officers, under such com*.

ballade to be man<* 38 aforesaid; and no person enrolled or serving in any such placed in any volunteer corps, so long as the service of such corps shall be coo* tinued by his Majesty, and as such person shall remain an eftc* tive member thereof, shall be liable to be placed in any regime^ battalion, or corps of regulars, militia, or fencibles, without hi free consent first had and obtained.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That ot

ftaU fitonthe officer of any corps of yeomanry or volunteers shall fit on aof trial of any court-martial upon the trial of any officer or soldier of hi officer or tol- Majesty's other forces; nor shall any officer serving in any d ©therVorcea, Majesty's other forces fit on any court-martial upon the trid andcontrari- of any officer, noncommissioned officer, drummer, trumpet^ wife. or private man, in any corps of yeomanry or volunteers.

Rank of of-

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all officers in corps of yeomanry or volunteers, having commi (Eons from his Majesty or lieutenants of counties, or others who may be specrally author* rifed by his Majesty for that purpose, shall rank with the officeri of his Majesty's regular and militia forces as the youngeftof their respective ranks.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lavtiii for any commanding officer of any corps of yeomanry or voiun. tcers, when not summoned or assembled upon actual service in ok of invasion or appearance of the enemy in force upon the coast, to discharge any member of the corps under his command, not members, not being a commissioned officer, for any disobedience of orders, or ttiffionedof- breach of discipline while under arms, anda!so for any neglectcf fleers, for dif* attendance and duty, or misconduct, or improper behaviour asi obedience of member of his corps, or for other sufficient cause, the cxiftenc?

and sufficiency of such several causes respectively being to be judged of by such commanding officer, and immediately to ftnkt such person out of the muster-roll of the corps to which he (Ml belong: provided always, that every such person shall remain liable to all the provisions of this act, as to compelling the payment of any subscriptions, or arrears of subscription, or fines and forfeitures, incurred before or at the time of such discharge, and as to the delivering up and restoring of arms, accoutrements, and cloathing as herein after mentioned: provided also, that nothin; herein contained shall extend, or be construeci to extend, ro ab*

ficers of the volunteer*.

Commanding officers of corps, when net on actual service, may discharge

orders, &c.

Act not to aftV ft a; y re

roved'by'ilu ro8ate or a5& aBy r*dc* or regulations of any such corps which'- 1 have

proi

Majestyj

1804.] Anno egfri quadragesimo quarto* Georgii III. c. 54. 203

hire been or maybe Approved by his Majesty; and which are or oiaj be applicable to the discharge of any member of any corps when not summoned or assembled upon actual service: provided also, that nothing herein contained shall be construed nor to pre-to extend to prevent his Majesty from signifying his pleasure in frorn*-fab manner, and giving directions with respect to any such case}* n*fying cf discharge, or in respect to any rules and regujations with pW.»fUrere-to any cases of discharge, as to his Majesty shall appear spefting dif-toft iaft and proper, charges, &c.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Where such where the rules and regulations, approved or to be approved by notprw-

iis Majesty, of any such corps, shall not provide for any such^for any 'dies of misconduct, disobedience of orders, or breach of dif-cafc of rnif-dpline while under arms, it shall be lawful for any command: ngc°ndll<^ Uf£ officer, in any such case of misconduct under arms as aforesaid, col^uidinr todiiallow to the person so miscondudting himself the day on Officer may" which he shall have (b miscondudted himself, as a day of attend- disallow the incc, for the purpose of entitling him to any exemption under d*y on which the provisions of this act, and to direct that he shall forfeit one conducted1111^ day's pay, in cases where any pay is allowed, or either to dif- himself a allow any such day of attendance, or to direct the forfeiture of day of attend* one day's pay, as such commanding officer shall in his discretion anc^> Rethink fit, and which pay such person so misconducting himself shall forfeit accordingly.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Persons m\U passing of this act, every person who shall not during the times

of training and exercise, or of his being under arms, or wearing during exer-the doathing or accoutrements of the corps, and going to any cife, &c. may place of exercise or assembly of the corps, conduct himself in a Reordered decent and orderly manner, or shall not obey the lawful com-into mini of the officer or officers commanding, may be ordered by such officer into the custody of any person or persons belonging to such corps, for the time during which such corps shall then remain under arms,

XXX. And whereas doubts have ariftn as to the right of persons enrolled in corps of yeomanry or volunteers to withdraw themselves from or quit the same, and it is expedient that such doubts should be

rmtyed; for remedy whereof, be it therefore declared and Volunteers

enacted, That, from and after the passing of this act, it shall be lawful for any person enrolled in any corps of yeomanry or called

volunteers, at any time (except when summoned, or assembled out in case of

upon actual service, in case of actual invasion or appearance of invasion, &c.

the enemy in force upon the coast, or voluntarily assembled for the purpose of doing military duty, under any of the provisions,

or in any of the cases specined in this act) to quit such corps,

and such person shall accordingly be (truck out of the muster-

foll of such corps in the manner and under the conditions herein after mentioned.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, but not with- from and after the passing of this act, no such person shall be entitled to quit any such corps wiftoqt giving fourteen days notice qllit> nor

in arms, dec.

204 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 54. [1804.

shall have been in writing of fachhis intention, to the commanding officer thereof SS-y nor unt^avc ^e*v*1^ UP 10 commanding office!

paid* et or to fomo person appointed by him to receive the tame, d arms, accoutrements, cfaathing, and appointments, that (ba| have been furnished to him at the publick expence, ortyanj ocher person, or at the charge of any subscription for fumiihm; such articles, in good order and condition (reasonable wear an) tear only excepted), and shall haye paid all subscriptions, an arrears of subscriptions, and also all fines and penalties incifrre by him, under any of the rules and regulations of his corp; either before or at the time of or by reason of his quitting fuc Volunteers, corps: provided always, that if any perfoir enrolled in any corf not receiving of yeomanry or volunteers, other than and except the perfoe content pay, hereinbefore mentioned ars receiving the constant pay of the hbl^efty's ran^» at time hereafter enllft in any of his Majesty forces, &c. forces, or shall enroll himself as a fobstitute or volunteer in x\ shall be confi- militia or any such additional force as aforesaid, every sue person shall, immediately after such enlisting or enrolment, fc "a, gede considered as discharged to all intents and purpofos from fuc corps of yeomanry or volunteers; and the commanding office of such corps of yeomanry or volunteers shall, upon such en lifting or enrolment being duly notified to him*'and upoi receiving back from such person the arms, accoutrements cloathing, and appointments of such person in the manner before mentioned, strike the namo of such person out of the muster-ml of such corps of yeomanry or volunteers, and shall speciallj certify the same in the next return to be made under the provisions of this act.

Person* quit-

XXXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, Thai 00*therdif_ every person who shall quit any corps of yeomanry or volun-charged^or" teers, or be discharged therefrom for non-attendance, or an] roifeondust, misconduct or misbehaviour as aforesaid, shall immediate!) shall become thereupon, unless otherwise exempted, become liable to serve, il Utl^l°Tf Ve be have before been chosen or shall thereafter be chosen 2c.and'toia' by bailot, in the militia or such additional force as aforesaid; pay tb$ duties and shall also immediately become liable to such Of the duties on horses and chargeable in relied of keeping or using any horse, mare, or teir^wder 8e*n8» or wearing hair-powder, for which such person (halt and Inch quit- have acquired any right of exemption for the year ending on ting or dll- the fifth day of April next after the time of his quitting or being charge shall be discharged from such corps; and the commanding officer ot g£SiU evei7*uch corPs forthwith certify the quitting or discharge ing officer to" such person to the clerk of the general meetings of the county the clerk of in which such corps shall be formed, and also to the aSkffor of the general the said duties for the parish or place in which such person shall rc^e* and such assessor shall forthwith deliver such certificate of the duticefr to the surveyor of the district in which such parish or place shall who shall de- be situate, who shall certify the same to the of fiver the cer- acting in the execution of the before-recited act for the same'district, who shall forthwith caufo such exemption to be dif-

y* allowed, and the assessment of such person, if any such assessment

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 54. 205

shall before have been made, to be amended, or otherwise a new ifleffinent to be made in respect of such duties for such year lading as aforesaid.

XXXIII. Provided also, and be it farther enacted, That ft Persona think-Ml be lawful for any person who may have given notice* in inS tkmfelvea voting to the commanding officer of his corps, of his intention ^Smanding fertsign, and whorftay think himself aggrieved by reason of any officer refuu kk commanding officer refusing to strike his name out of any ing to strike ink muster-roll, oh account of any subscription or arrears of their 2^e§ Ascription, or any fines, penalties, or forfeitures not having J^to-nSls ken paid, or of any arms, accoutrements, doathing, or appoint- may appeal to teems not having been delivered up, or not having been deli- two deputy veted up in good state and condition, or on any other account lieutenant!, whatsoever, to appeal to any two deputy lieutenants of the sub- jnuffic^who division in which such corps shall have been formed v or of any mJay deter-tdjotning subdivision, or to any one deputy lieutenant and one mine the iiune. /office of the peace, a ding within any such subdivision, (not king members of such corps); and it shall be lawful for such deputy lieutenants and justices of the peace aforesaid to heir and determine such appeal, and to examine any person or persons thereon, upon.oath (which oath such deputy lieutenant* and justices of the peace aforesaid respectively, are herefiy authored to administer), and to discharge such person* from such corps if they flaall think, under all the circumstances, that such person hath complied with the provisions of this act, and to order the commanding officer forthwith to strike such person out of the muster-roll of such corps, or to order and direct the payment of any such Aim of money as may appear to them ought to be paid by such person, in respect of any such fobfeription or arrears, or fines, penalties, or forfeitures as aforesaid, or to order and direct the delivery of any arms, accoutrements, doathing, or appointments, or the payment of any such sum of money as shall appear to them to he reasonable, for any loss of arms, accoutrements, doathing, or appointments, or any damage that may have been done thereto before such discharge; and all such sums of money shall and may be levied, recovered, and applied, in like manner, as any like fines, penalties, forfeitures, or sums of money, may be recovered and applied; and the determination of such deputy lieutenants and justices of the peace aforesaid shall be final and Conclusive to all intents and purposes whatever*

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That so much of an act, nuichof passed in the Iaft session of parliament, intituled An act to amend 0* aft9 made in this present session of parliament, intituled, fln aft iatcs to the to amend and render more tffiftual an act passed in the present session allowance to §f parliament intituled An act to enable his Majesty more efleftualty perfom em-to provide fer the defenct and security of the realm during the present war; and for indemnifying perfom who may fufler in their property tecr c^p, [n by fitch nuafures as may be necessary for that furpofe4 and to the use of enable his Majesty more effectuady and speedily to exercise his ancient ^ms> repealed undoubted prerogative, in requiring the military fxrvice of his

206 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 54. [1804.

liege fuljeth in case of invasion of the realm, ' as directs that the sum of two shillings and six-pence per day shall be allowed to any serjeant or other person employed by any commanding officer for the purpose of inftmcting any volunteer corps in the use of arms, and directs the manner in which such sums shall be paid, and imposes any penalties in case of the non-payment thereof, shall be and the same is hereby repealed,

Act not to

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That defence nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to than hereby exten^>, n any manner, to alter, vary, or repeal any of the pro-altered. visions of any of the acts passed in the lass session of parliament relating to the defence of the realm, and for the purpose of enabling his Majesty more effectually and speedily to exercise his ancient and undoubted prerogative in requiring the military service of his liege subjects, in case of invasion of the realm, except so far as any of such provisions are hereby expressly altered, varied, or repealed.

When volun-

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That when any corps jfcmbkdTon yeomanry or volunteers shall have assembled on any summons summons of of any lieutenant of the county in which they shall be respecthe county* lively formed, or his vice-lieutenant or deputy lieutenants, or

lieutenant, upon the making any general signal of alarm as aforesaid, the

ceivw-eencral receiver"general ofhc rates anc^ duties under the management of the duties of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes for the county,

under the riding, or place, if in England, and the colicdor of the cess of

of the county, if in Scotland, to which such corps shall belong, shall Intend* and anc*5 ^icr^y required to pay to the captain or other com-the^collector landing officer of any troop or company of such corps, the sum of the cess in of two guineas, for the use of every volunteer in such trbopor / Scotland, shall company who shall so assemble; and whenever any such corps ca^tain^of hereafter voluntarily assemble to do military duty upon any

the troop or appearance of invasion, or^for the purpose of improving the m-company two selves in military exercise under the provisions of this act, it guineas for shall be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury to Md'when vo- order and diredfc that any sum, not exceeding one guinea for hintarily af- every volunteer who shall so assemble, shall be paid to the cap-sembled, the tain or othej commanding officer of every troop or company of treasury may such corps; and such sum, not exceeding one guinea, shall, foeach* to be upon cvcry fuc^ order, be paid, by every such receiver-general paid In like*or collector aforesaid, to the captain or commanding officer of manner. each troop or company as aforesaid; and the money so received, in any of the cases aforesaid, by any captain or other commanding officer, or so much thereof as such captain or other commanding officer shall think necessary, shall be laid out in providing neces-Captains to faries for each such volunteer; and such captain or commandingCC°fot th^C °cer within one month after the receipt of such money, e account to the several persons for whose use the same shall have been received, how the same hath been applied or disposed of, and shall at the time of settling such account pay the remainder, if any, to the persons entitled thereto; and all the money so paid by any receivers-general or, collectors aforesaid shall be allowed

them

180f] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 54. 207

them in their accounts; and all persons whatever who shall

hire given anj orders or directions for the payment, or who

fell have paid, for the life of any person in any such corps who

fall have voluntarily assembled as aforesaid before the passing

of this act, any sum not exceeding one guinea for each such

volunteer, shall be and are hereby indemnified: provided always,n<? not to

fat nothing herein contained shall extend to authorise the of men

apain of any such troop or company to demand, draw for, or not desiring it.

necive any such sum, or any part thereof, for the use of any person or persons serving the rein, who shall not desire to be entitled to the benefit thereof.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all persons en- Volunteers, rolled in any corps of yeomanry or volunteers, when afletfibled J*hcn aflem-as aforesaid on any invasion or appearance of the enemy in force ^clnt*a* oaihecoast, or for the suppression of rebellion or in fur region, receive pa, or when voluntarily afleitibled, and doing jnilitary duty, with and be billet-the approbation of his Majesty, under any of the provisions of a8 °ther this act, shall be entitled t; o and shall receive pay during the forcc8* periods of their so remaining assembled as aforesaid, in such aanner and after such rates, according to their respective ranks and iituations in such corps, and he entitled to be quartered and* billetted, in like manner, in every respect and under and subject to the same regulations, ' as the officers, non-commissioned officer*, drummers, and private men of his Majesty's other forces, as far as the same shall by his Majesty be deemed applicable (0 yeomanry and volunteer corps.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any an.£ their fa-corps of yeomanry or volunteers shall be so assembled or to the

marched as aforesaid on any invasion, or appearance of an same relief as raemy in force upon the coast, or in case of any 'rebellion or the families of infuiredion arising or existing as aforesaid, or of riots or tumults, militia-meu. or for the purpose of voluntarily doing military duty under any t of the provisions of this act, all persons enrolled therein who shall join on such assembling and marching as aforesaid, and who shall leave families unable to support themselves, shall, during the period of their absence or service on military duty as aforesaid, be entitled to such and the like relief for their wives and families, and under such and the like circumstances, as are mentioned in two several acts, passed in the last session of parliament, for providing relief for the families of militia-men in -

England and Scotland respectively, when called out into actual service*, and for that purpose, all the rules, regulations, provisions, powers, authorities, penalties, and forfeitures, in the said last mentioned acts respectively contained, shall extend and be construed to extend to the giving such relief as aforesaid, as fully and effectually as if the same were herein enacted; provided Mon, 7. y h always, that all sums of money which shall be advanced and f^Hes^in10 paid to the wives and families of such men, in England, under Enghnd, to any order for that purpose, ft)all, upon delivery of a quarterly be repaid to account of the payment thereof, certified..*fld signed by twohc °verfecr* justices of the peace of the county in which such relief shall be received-1111 T

given, general.

ao8 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. $4. [1804.

given, be repaid to the overseer or overseers, or psrish officer or officers, eyho shall have advanced the same, by the receiver* general of filth county, out of any publick money io his handt, and shall be allowed in the account of such receiver*generil; Noafleff- provided also, that no assessment shall be made to nuke good, made in Scot* <*'c amount of any sums paid for such relief to such wives md land for re- families in Scotland under this act, in the manner drreded by tech payment of last mentioned atft relative to Scotland, to snake good the ismch money, paid to the wives and himi lies of militia-men, parfuant thereto. After defeat

XXXIX. And be it further Cnadltd, That after the defeat ircth e vo^y> 2n^ exPu^on of the enemy from Great Britan, and fopprtffiot

lunteen shall of Bny fu*h rebellion or insurrection, to be notified as aforesaid, be returned to all corps of yeomanry or volunteers which shall have bees their wlpec- assembled and marched out of their respective counties, shall and amdnea'^returned to their respective coup ties, and the sum

paid to each of one guinea shall be paid, under the direction of any geoml man willing or other superior officer under whole command such corps flail to receive it. then happen to be, to every such person therein To permitted to return home as aforesaid, who shall be willing to receive the same, over and above the usual rate of pay to which such person shall be entitled, in order the better to enable him to return to his pariflv.

Commissioned

XL. And be it fanher enacted, That all commissioned abJMtofer- officers of corps of yeomanry or volunteers, who shall be distbled vice to be*>n >Ao*l service, wall be entitled to half-pay, according to entitled to their ranks; and all noixommif&oned officers, drummers, and h*lf-P»y. a?d private men of any corps of yeomanry or volunteers, so dibbled, g^s^s* entitled to the benefit of Chtifta Hospitatl; end tk

and privates widows of all such commissioned officers, killed in service, fhdl toCheHea be entitled to receive such pensions for life as are given to widows of officere in his Majesty's regular forces, cfficcn'killed XLI- And be it farther enacted, That no officer who it

to pensions entitled to half-pay shall be deemed or taken to forfeit or quit

for fife. fitch half-pay during the time he shall fervi and receive pay as

Half-pay may adjutant or quarter-matter in any corps of yeomanry or volua* be received by teers, but that the same shall nevertheless continue j and instead the oath ufitaHy required of half-pay officers, to entitle them ten, on talcing to ttw receipt of their half-puy, every such officer so entitled to the following half-pay, and serving as aforesaid, shall take the following oath; oath.

Oath.*T A.B. do swear. That I had nor, between the

X and the any place or employment of

profit, civil or military, under his Majesty, besides my allowance of half-pay as a reduced in late regiment

of feve and except my pay as adjutant or quarter-

matter, [at the case may be] for serving in the

corps of yeomanry or volunteers of the [*r tbt

cqftmoyit.']

And the taking of the said oath shall, without taking any other oath, be fiifficiont to entitle fitch person to receive his half-pay.

A

iltaf] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. $4. -409

XLII. And be it further enacted, Thai it shall be lawful for Commanding the commanding officer of any corps receiving arms and accou-trrmenrs supplied at the publick expence, or by subscription, to fSTdepositi^ appoint a proper place in the parish or place in which his corps arms and dull be formed, or in each of the different parishes or places, if accoutre* more companies than one are formed in different parishes, andmt"t8» united in one corps, as the case may require, and as may Teem j£re°of them! apedien; for the depositing and safe keeping of the arms and ac- and the decrements of his corps, and also to appoint proper persons to puty-lieute-, repair and keep such arms in good state and condition; and it shall be lawful for any two or more deputy lieutenants of the thV^expenS fubdirifion in which any such parish or parishes shall be, and shall be paid, once in every year at the least, to view such arms and accoutre- in England by rotors, for the purpose of ascertaining the state and condition the receiver-thereof; and all reasonable expences which shall or may be in-

correct in placing and keeping such arms and accoutrements, v and in maintaining them clean and in proper repair, order, and condition, if approved of under the hands of two deputy lieutenants or one deputy-lieutenant and one justice of t he peace, of the subdivision in which such arms and accoutrements shall be depositied, shall, on delivery to the receiver-general, if in Eng* bnd) of the county in which such arms shall be depositied, of a quarterly, half-yearly, or yearly account thereof, signed and approved by any two deputy lieutenants, or one deputy-lieutenant and one justice of the peace, as aforesaid, together with the certificate of the commanding officer of the corps, or captain efthe company to which such arms shall belong, that the arms

ire in good repair, state, order, and condition, be pajd by such receiver-general as aforesaid, out of any publick monies in his hods, and shall be allowed in the account of such receiver-general as aforesaid: provided always, that no expence to be hu* 00 ex-incurred as aforesaid shall exceed in amount such sum as his Majesty shall be ple£fed to authorise and direct, by any order to fui^autho-be communicated through his Majesty's principal secretary ofrifedbyhia (late, to the lieutenant or deputy lieutenants of the county. Majesty.

XLIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in Scotland Account of the accounts of all such expences relative to the placing and keeping such arms and accoutrements, and maintaining (hai^e trand themdean and in proper repair, order, and condition, certified fitted to the in the manner above directed, shall be transmitted to the ford barons.f ih$ chief baron and barons of the court of exchequer in Scotland, 'xchcquci^ who are hereby empowered to restrict the amount to such sum as they shall think reasonable, not exceeding such sum as his warrant for Majesty shall have been pleased to authorise and direct in man payment, ner aforesaid, and 1 to grant warrant for payment thereof out of the revenues of she land-tax, assessed taxes, or consolidated duties of customs or excise, or any of them, which they shall think most proper to apply for this purpose.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all.arms delivered Arms to be out of the publick stores, or fuCniftied at the publick expence, marked* for the use of any corps of yeomanry or volunteers, shall be Yot.XLV. P marked

lfo 'Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. $4. [1804.

marked df(Hn<£lly in some visible place with the letter V. and the initial of the county to which such corps shall belong; and in pwiilty for case any man shall fell, pawn* or Iofe any arms, accoutrement, Idling arms clothing, or ammunition delivered to him, or shall wil&Jr damage any such arms or accoutrements, every such mania" and it'not* ^or every such offence forfeit and pay a fuxn not exccefc,; paid, the forty shillings; and if such man shall nor immediately pay fun party may be penalty, it shall be lawful for any justice of the peace feliding: n committed. or near t|, c p|acc where the offence shall be committed, to take cognizance of thfe same, and to commit such person as shall be convicted of such offence before him to the next gaol, or house of corredtton, to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one week, or until he shall have paid the said penalty. Penalty for

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any person (hdnn.* knowingly and wilfully buy, take in exchange, conceal, or ments'&c. otherwise receive any arms, accoutrements or cloathing, or as? and if not publick (lores or ammunition delivered for the use of any corps piid, the of yeomanry or volunteers, the person so offending shall forfrt offender may - an(j pay for CYCry fuels offence the sum often pounds; and/ commi te<, # such offender shall not immediately pay such penalty, and thsl not have sufficient go?ds and chattels whereon to levy such penalty by distress in the banner herein after mentioned, nt such justice of the peace as aforesaid before whom he or she (halt be convicted, shall commit him or her to such common gaol of house of correction, there to remain, without bail or mainprirt, for the foace of three months, or until he or she shall have pa*/, ___ the said nne.

cavaJr>rpi XLVI*. And be it further enacted, That whenever the per-shall be^efi* >ns enrolled in any corps of yeomanry or volunteer cavilr*, rous of affera-whether any infantry be attached to such corps^or not, or Si bliqg under majority of them, when not summoned upon actual service, at oRheiYown^ voiuntar^y assembled for the purpose of doing military duty, officers, the an<* Subjected to military discipline, under the provisions of county lieu- this a & as aforesaid, shall, through their commanding officer, tenant, with signify in writing to the lieutenant of the county wherein fca corFs^ra|kd> or case vacancy, or in the absenceo: Majesty, may the lieutenant, to the vice-lieutenant or deputy lieutenants ex* make an 7 cuting the office of the lieutenant, their delire toaffemble und; i order for that the command of their own officers, at any convenient place r*r PUr*rd*r P*aCcs within the same county, for the purpose of being trainedny0jukice°of an<* exercised for any space of time not exceeding in the wta'e the county, fourteen daye, either successivety or at intervals, within the who shall issue space of twelve months, and either in separate corps, or togeiha J"# with any other corps of yeomanry or volunteer cavalry, who

the non- 08 shall a ^avc fi&n, fied their desire of assembling for that purpose commissioned in like manner, or with any regiment, troop or troops of his officers and Majesty's regular forces of cavalry, in case his Majesty /hail'think proper to give directions to such of his forces for that forers may be Purpose* it shall be lawful for such lieutenant, vice-lieuteo3nr, biiietted; but or deputy lieutenants respectively, in pursuance of the desire of corps ibafiem- any such corps of yeomanry or volunteer cavalry, to be signified

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 54.

211

in manner aforesaid, and with the approbation of his Majesty, bled shall not Unified by his principal lector ary of state, to make an order for 0

assembling such yeomanry or volunteer cavalry, and likewise to fawa % y tired an order to any justict of the peace of the county where such corps of yeomanry or volunteer cavalry shall, be appointed to ifsemble, specitying the place or places at which} and the cat or limes during which such corps of yeomanry or volun-'

r cavalry are to continue so assembled under the authority of this act; and the justice of the peace to whom such order mall.fee directed shall ifltie his precept to the constable, headborough, w

tythingman, or other peace-officer of the place where such corps are to he, assembled, for quartering and billetting the non-dommissioned officers, trumpeters or buglegtpn^ and privates of such corps, upon such persons and in such houses* situate in or near the place or places specified in such order, as-his Majesty* forces may by law be quartered and billetted upon j and from and after the receipt^ of such precept, it shall be lawful for fqch conibble, head borough, tythingman, or other proper officer as aforesaid, and he is hereby required to billet the non-com* milEoned officers, trumpeters or buglemen, and private men, of such ebrps of yeomanry or volunteer cavalry in cr near such place or places as aforesaid, and in such manner as any of his Majesty's other forces may by law be quartered and billetted.

therein as afore&'rd: "provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extender be construed to extend to subject any such corps to the provisions of any act then in force for the punish* 1 meet of mutiny and desertion, or any articles of war made in pursuance thereof, by reason of any such assembledg for the purpose of being trained and exercised for any space of time hot exceeding fourteen days as aforesaid.

XLV1L And be it further enacted, That in all cases, and Act* forbd-during the times in which any corps of yeomanry or volunteer cavalry £bs*ll be quartered and billetted in pursuance of the pro- so^es to* vifijns of this act, all and every the powers, provisions, rules, extend to such penalties, matters and things, provided and established by any corps when td or acts now or hereafter to be in force for quartering and billetted. billetting his Majesty's forces, shall be used and put in practice for quartering and billetting such corps of yeomanry or volunteer*cavalry, as; fully and effectually as if all and every the said powers, provisions, roles, penalties, matters, and things, had I keen specially enacted in the body of this act, so far as the same Stall by his Majesty be deemed applicable to corps of yeomanry or volunteer cavalry.

XLVill. And be it further enacted, That whenever the When the leutenant, ordepi#tyrlieutenant$ idling as aforesaid, of any hertetunt county, shall have fixed the day and place of exercise for my thedav Inch corps of yeomanry, or volunteer cavalry, he or they shall, pb<?eof, as soon as may be, certify the same to the secretary at war or his exernfe for 1 fi.puty, specifying the number of men, and the number of days any such Appointed for exercising the m? not exceeding in the wholefou> - *5

pen days j and the secretary at war or his deputy is hereby re- particulars to

in Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. <*. 54. [1804.

thefecretary quin* within fourteen days after the receipt of such certificate1

SLII order° a lo cau^ to^anc* Pa^ to t^le officer having the commanc to be°issue<Cay of cac^ corps, at the rate of two shillings per day for each volunteer of yeomanry or of volunteer cavalry who shall attend the place of exercise, and one shilling and four-pence per daj for each horse, mare, or gelding, belonging to such corps, andufed inexerciseon that day.

Commanding.XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the officer havin? ^account c<wlwT, an<* such corps of yeootanfy or volunteer cavalr lift he follow- fh*l! make up an account of all the monies received and paid b; ing form j fiim, on account of such exercise, in the following form:

touoty of

To Cash received for < Pays' Pay of; Men -

To Ditto for Days' Allowance for Horses

who shall deliver it, and pay the bal-lance to such person as the secretary at war shall appoint. Subscriptions, arms, Sec. vested in the commanding officer.

Dr.

d.

per Contra

Paid Yeomanry Men, for their Attendance at the Place of Exercise on the Days appointed, being Days'Pay -

Paid.Allowance for Horses, used

in Exercise for Days -

Cr.

s.'d

If fuHfcrlp-tiorfs or fines be not paid, a -.may

Which account shall be signed by the o$cer having the com-jnand of such corps; and such officer shall, within ten days afterl the time such exercise is (inished, deliver such account, and pay the balance, if there be any due, to such person as the secretary, at war or his deputy shall order and direct.

L» And be it further enacted, That all money subscribed bi or for the use of any corps of yeomanry or volunteers, and all arms, stores, ammunition, drums, fifes, or musical instruments, or other articles, of whatever kind or fort the same may be, belonging to any such corps, or used by any such corps, not being the property of any particular individual of such corps, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be vested in the commanding officer thereof, for all purposes of indictment, action, or salt, criminal or civil, in law or equity, and shall for such purpose be deemed and tak>en to be the property of such commanding officer, and shall and may be laid so to be in any indiAtnenr, or may be sued for and recovered as such, or may be dated to be such in any action or suit relating thereto; and no indictment, suit, ailion, or prosecution, shall be discontinued or abated by the death, resignation, or removal of any such commanding officer, but the same may be proceeded in by the succeeding commanding officer, or the commanding officer for the time being, any law, custom, or uCage to the contrary notwithstanding.

LI. And be it further enacted, That'Where anyperfcn enrolled in any corps of yeomanry or volunteers shall neglect or refuse, on demand made for that purpose, to pay any sum or sums

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 54. 213

foms of money subscribed or required by iny rules or regulations direct double of such corps to be subscribed by him, towards any expences thereof, or to pay any fines or penalties incurred under any of roJly he'levied the rules or regulations thereof, then and in such case it shall be by distress*lawful for any justice of the peace.residing in or near to the place where such corps shall be, on application made for that purpose by any commanding or field-officer, or adjutant, or serjeant* sujor, under any order of the commanding officer of any such corps, and proof thereof, to direct double the amount thereof, to he paid as a penalty or forfeiture; and if such person shall refuse or neglect to pay the same for the space of seven days, then to ( ciufe the same to be levied by distress and sale of the defaulter's goods and chattel, by warrant under his hand and seal, rendering the overplus, if any, on demand, after deducing the charges of such distress and sale, to the persons whole gd-ds and chattels shall have been so distrained and fold; and the sums so Applicationot levied shall go to the general stock of such corps, to be appliedh* in the general expences thereof, in like manner as any subscription or sum of money received by or for such corps may be applied; or where there shall be no such subscription or stock of such corps, then to any such purposes relating to such corps as the commanding officer thereof may think fit: provided always, Justice may that it shall be lawful for such justice of peace to mitigate any mitigate pc-sccumulated fines or penalties, in such amount as he shall in* his nalUcS> discretion think fit, having regard to the circumstances and situa* tian of the party incurring the same; but so as that the amount of such mitigated fines or penalties shall not be lc(s than one half of the full amount of such accumulated fines and penalties.

LII. And be it further enacted, That every person who shall PeHons rebut received, or may have in his custody, power, or possession, or shall hereafter receive, or have in his custody, power, or pof- &*. fable to fdfion, any arms, accoutrements, cloathing, ammunition, or penalty, which (lores, or drums, fifes, or musical instruments, or other articles may. aforesaid, heretofore or that may hereafter be furnished from the publklt stores, or at the publick expence, or at the expence or'distreit the charge of any subscription for providing such articles, or of any offender may*person or persons, and who shall refuse or neglect, on being re- be committed quired by the commanding officer for the time being, or by his direction, to deliver up any such arms, accoutrements, cloathing, ammunition, or stores, or drums, fifes, or musical instruments, or other articles aforesaid shall, on being convicted thereof before any justice of the peace of the county within which such arms, accoutrements, cloathing, amtnuni ion, or stores shall be, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds for every such offence, and double the value of the arms, accoutrements, cloathing, ammunition, or storps so detained as aforesaid, to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels* by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, rendering the overplus (if any) on demand, after deducing the charges of such distrefe and fair, to the person whose goods and chattels shall have been so distrained and fold; and for want of such sufficient distress, such

justice

penalty.

Money paid by receiver-general to be replaced out of the first aids.

Clerks to general and subdivision meetings in

Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 54. [1804.

Justice is hereby required to commit such offender to the coo raon gaol of the county, riding, or place where the offence (bill have been committed for any time not exceeding two months\ ^PP^cati<mofwd tfoc ponies arising by such penalty shall go and be applied fTf to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That all sums of mtj paid by any receiver-general in pursuance of this act, and returned into and allowed in the receipt* of his Majesty's exchequer, shall be replaced to such accounts as the same* were

law applicable, out of the first aids and Supplies which shall be thereafter granted to his Majesty by parliament*

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the respective ctoki {0 the general meetings of lieutenancy, and clerks to subdivision meetings in England, shall receive such reward for their paint England to be and trouble in and about the execution of this act, and for wr.id

rewarded for they shall not be entitled to any reward under any laws rel-Mtg

fqeir trouble. to t[jC militia, as the deputy lieutenants assembled at any meetir?

held for that purpose, at which not fess than five deputy lieutenants shall be present, shall think reasonable and propr*; such reward to be paid and allowed as any rewards to suchdcrii respectively, are paid and allowed under any such laws relate to the militia*

Such rewards LV\ And be it further enacted, That in Scotland such rewanJt In ^cotianrt, to as the respective clerks to the general meetings of lieutenant th/barons of c*erks of subdivision meetings, shall be entitled to for their thccxchequer. pains and trouble in and about the execution of this act, Ifol be certified by the lieutenant of the county where the same ihd respectively be occasioned, or by any two or more deputy lieutenants of such county, to the lord chief baronnd barctf of the court of exchequer in Scotland, who are hereby empowered to restrict the amount, and to grant warrant for payment there* of in the manner herein-before directed, in the case of expend attending the placing and keeping of arms and accoutrements and maintaining the same in good repair, order, and condition. So future LV1* And be it further enacted, That, from and after (fit

rules or re- passing of this act, no future rules or regulations shall be vaM

vadMuSef* or on My c01fps of yeomanry or volunteers, or for any

fifemitted to purposes of this act, or for any other purpose, unless the ro'n-the principal mantling officer of such corps, shall think fit to transmit the same secretary of to the lieutenant or vice-lieutenant of the county in which such not disallowed CQrPs have been or shall be formed, and unless the (a.d py his Majesty. lieutenant or vicerlieutenant of the county shall think proper to 7 fubmU the same to his Majesty's principal secretary of state; and such rules and regulations so transmitted and submitred, Itol), if not disallowed by his Majesty, within twenty-eight days alter the receipt thereof, by his Majesty's principal secretary of (toe, be considered as approved and confirmed j and the lieutenant or yice-Lieutenant of tbd county shall signify such approbation and confirmation to the said commanding officer, to be forthwith communicated by himo his corps; and the rules and regu-lajtions so uaniiniUed, submiticd* confirmed, and communicated,

; dull

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 54* 21$

stall be binding and valid for thfc purposes of this act, or*for any other purpose regarding the servicet and good tonduft of such corps.

LVII. Provided, That nothing in this act contained, shall His Majesty extend, or be cpnflrued to extend, to prevent his from m*y annul

annulling at any time, any rules 6r regulations which may have J^iJrionsf been or shall be made respecting any corps of volunteers, .,

LVIII. And be it further declared and enacted, That no Acceptance of person who has accepted or shall hereafter accept of a commission'commion8 in any corps of yeomanry or volunteers in Great Britain or?nVp*l* bdand^ shall be deemed in respect thereof, to have vacated or to lament.*vacate his Cm at as a member returned to serve in parliament.

LIX. And be it further enacted, Thar the several forms of Returns, returns, certificates, and schedules, hereunto annexed, shall be yaiyr

deemed respectively valid and effectual for the several purposes of this act to* which they apply; but that if, from any variation bC hcMtfiftt. of circumstances or other reason, the said forms should not be

drift!y adhered to, instrument of a ifimilar import shall never-, thrless he admitted and received, and be held in like manner valid and effectual. '

LX. And be it further enacted, That all provisions, directions, Provisions re-dauses, matters, and things whatever in this act contained, re*- lating tp bring to counties, shall extend and be confirmed to extend to all stewartries, ridings, divisions, cities, and places in Great Britain $ n^fngS, &c. and all provisions, directions, claoses, matters, and things what* and to corps, ever in this act contained, relating to corps of yeomanry or, to*tc»d to, volunteers, shall extend to and be construed and deemed to ex-? [^g^rent' tend to all independent troops of yeomanry or volunteer cavalry companies# and companies of infantry, as fully and amply as if they were lererally and respectively repeated ifi every such provision, dU region, and clause, and with relatiop to every such matter and thing.: I

LXI. And be it further enacted, That this act may be altered, Act m*y be»varied, ' or repealed, by any other act or in ttys session of rlp^lrcTrlns parliament.

4

SCHEDULE

1x6 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 54. [1804.

SCHEDULE (A.)

To A.B. his Majesty's Lieutenant for the of

MUSTER-ROLL of the Persons enrolled and serving in the of commanded by

6FFECTIVESjY*md, tftmtitUd / Ex-'mHi m, entitled to Exemption. EFFECTIVE SUPERNUMERARIES (if any), not entitled lo Exemption. N 0N-EFFEC1 IVES.

No. Parish. 0 Name. When enrolled. No. Parish. Name. When enrolled. No. Panlh. Name. When en oiled.

X - a. 3-'5 6. 7- 8.910. 11. is.3- A.B. A.B. C.D. B. k G.H. L. M. NO.

EFFECTIVE MEMBERS, entitled to Exemptions, a Went on leave.

No. Parish. Name. When enrolled.

BftabUtbment allowed

supernumerariei allowed Total number -

N.B. Discharged or quitted iincc the date of the last muster-roll;

A B,

C.D.&C.

Total number in the corps ex* empt under this act from serving in the militia or other additional force

Ditto - - not exempt from serving in the militia or other additional force

Total number of men enrplled in the corps -

1 do hereby certify, That the abort corps [sr company, as jAr toft may to], was inspected on the day of by or, has been

ready and willing to be inspected in thclaft four months.

Signed, A.B.

C. Dm Commanding Officer.

Adjutant} er Serjeant* Major.

A

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 54* 217

SCHEDULE (B).

ILL. commanding officer of the"

do hereby certify, upon my honour, mpurfuance of an act of parliament, passed in the forty-fourth jfcrof his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act [hen, insert ' tie title of thit That I have not, to the belt of nn knowledge and belief, infer ted or caused to be inserted, in the above \ ©uUer-roll, as an effective man, the name of ai.y person who has not duly attended, properly armed and accoutred, and " mounted [// cavalry] [if arms and accoutrements have been supplied] at the muster and exercise of the said corps [*r, company, as the case may £; ], as required by the said act, and who has not taken the oath ot allegiance, or been absent on leave given in purfusnee of the said act, or prevented by actual sickness, as has been certified to me by a medical praftitiondr, or as has been otherwise 'proved to my satisfaction, and who is not an effective man*

Dated the

Signed, K. L.

Commanding Officer,

[If arms, accoutrements, or doathing have not been received, such circumstance must be specially certified.]

SCHEDULE (C).

To A.B. his Majesty's Lieutenant for the of

IK. L. commanding officer of the.of

yeomanry, or infantry [as the case may be] serving in the county of or city of [as the case may be] do hereby certify, That C.D. of [his description and

perish] is an effective member of the said corps or company [as the case may be] within the provisions of an act passed in the fortj.fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty.

Dated the

Signed, K. L.

Commanding Officer.

SCHEDULE

218 Anno regni giiidrlgcfi; no quarto Georgii III. c. 54. [1804.

SCHEDULE (D.)

ABSTRACT of MUSTER-ROLLS to be transmitted Clerks of the General Meeting of Counties to Hit M*$l Prjmipal Secretary of State*

To his Majesty s Principal Secretary of Stilt*

Abstra3 of Mutter-Rolls of Corps and Companies of Yeomanry anti Volunteers, within the of

received by me, O. P. his Majesty's Lieutenant for the same, _ since the Day of in the Year

Ntmes ind Descriptions of C'Oi pB. Number of IVrfrns enrolled and fa ving thnein Number o< Personsx empt from Militia, and Arrpy of Kdcrve L 1' t, When inspected, or if to be so. J

I. 'Yeomanry.600 200* n suspected 0£t 25, iS-

2. Ditto.7CO too

3- Infantry, J, COO 600 Not inspected, but w3*, ling to be so.

4* 5- Artillery. Ditto. 700 4co Ditto.

&c. kc..kc. See. I 1 1

SCHEDl'I'E

1804] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 55. 219

' .0 \ :' 1; ': " ':

SCHEDULE (E,);

FORM of CERTIFICATE.

I commanding officer of the

Jo hereby certify, in purfttance of an act passed in the forty* fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An gG [to Injirtm the title of the act] That the several persons herein named and ^described are federally enrolled and serving in the hid corps, as efteftive members thereof and were effective members up ro and qxi tine fifth day of April preceding the date of this certificate.

Signed

- i' Commanding Officer*

Pated the.day of

CAP. LV.

An act for more effectually preventing the sale of exciseable liquors in Scotland by per fans not duly licensed \ and for altering the times of granting licences tofcll such exciseabU liquors by retail.

[June 5,

1804.]

WHEREAS by an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled,

An act for granting to his Majesty a duty upon licences for rc-9 Geo. *tailing beer, ale, and other exciseable liquors; and for establish- c* xa* ing a method for granting such licences in Scotland; and for allowing such licences to be granted at a petty session in England* inaceitain case therein mentioned; aft amp-duty of twenty shillings is imposed an licences for felling ale, beer, or other exciseable liquors by retail, to be raised, levied, collected, and paid throughout Great Britain, in manner thereby directed'*, and by another act passed in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act 5 Geo. > for altering the stamp-duties upon admissions into corporations c* or companies, and for further securing and improving the (bmp-duties in Great Britain, the provisiem in the former act* for issuing the said licences, and for raising, levying, collecting, and paying the duties thereupon, are altered and amended; end by another act, pajpd in the twenty fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act*4 ^co act for granting to his Majesty an additional duty upon licences.c* 3°* for retailing beer, ale, and other exciseable liquors, an additional stamp duty of ten shillings and sixpence is graved on the said licences; and by another act passed in the thirty second year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled'. An act to amend so much of two acts, 3 % Geo. y made in the twenty-sixth and twenty-ninth years of the reign V S9-of his late majesty King George the Second, as relates to the licensing ot alehouse-keepers and victuallers; and for better regulating ale-houses, and the niannef of granting such licences in future; and also of granting licences to persons felling wines to.be

2 20

35 Geo. 3. cxU3.

4it Geo. 3.

Ci 86.

Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 55. [1804.

be drank in their houses, the said duty and an additional duty ard extended to persons filling foreign wines or Britifyi made wines of sweets by retail to be drank in their houses or plates adjoining thereto, 1 and by another act passed in the thirty-fifth year of his present Ms-fifty's reign, intituled An act for the more effectual prevention of Jelling aic, and other liquors by persons not duly licensed, y& mock of the said act of parliament, pajfid in the fifth year of the reign of his present Mg fifty, as is therein recited applicable to the pecuniary and to+poral punishment of persons felling ale % beer, or other cxcistable lijuors in that part of Great Britain called England, and dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, is repealed; and by another act, passed in the forty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act f >r granting to his Majestyj Additional ttamprduties on cards and dice 1 on probates of wills; on certain indentures, leases, bonds, or other deeds; and on ale licences; an additional [lamp-duty of ten shillings and Jixpeme is made payable throughout Great Britain on licences for felling fib, beer, or other exciseable liquors by retail, by which loft-mentioned oil the said oft, passed in the thirty fifth year of his present Mafifijs reign is extended to Scotland; and it is enacted, that, from and asur the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and one, every per [on in Scotland who should keep an ate-house, tippling- boufi, or victualling-houfi, or should sell ale, beer, or other exciseable liquors by retail, except in fairs, without being litenfed thereto according to tbt directions of the several acts now in force, should be liable to the penalty of twenty pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, which penalty and forfeiture should be recovered and applied as by the said act is directed\ and that all other the clauses, powers, provisions, paid-ties, forfeitures, incapacities, and other matters and things prefiribel in the said act, with respect to England, Wales, and Berwick* upon Tweed, should extend to Scotland, in like manner, and be applied and put in fra flic* in Scotland, as if the said act had been expressly extended thereto 5 and it is thereby further enacted, that it should be lawful for the justice of the peace, mag fi rates, or oihtr persons empowered by any law or act or acts in force to grant licenas to keep ale-houses, tippling houses, or victualling houses, or to fell e!(, beer, or other exciseable liquors, by retail, in Scotland, to grant such licences on or immediately after the fifteenth day of May in each year, in like manner, and with all such and the like powers, and under and subject to the like regulationr, provisions, penalties, and forfeitures, os such licences are by law granted an or immediately after, the fir/} day of November in each year, and all and every the clauses, powers, provisions, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, matters, and things, in any act or acts contained relating to the granting any such licence in that part of the united kingdom called Scotland, at the period in cock year in which the same may be granted by law, shall extend to end be in full force in relation to the granting such licences at the period in each year, in the said recited act mentioned, and should be applied end enforced, and put in practice, in like manner in every respect for tbot furpoji, as if all such clauses, powers, provisoes, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, matters, and things, were severally and fiparaulj re-

1804.I AnoO regm quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 5$. m

enabled in and made Part of the said act: and whereas it has ton found

by experience that tie ctaufn, powers, provisieris, penalties) forfeitures

end ether matters and things prefer tied by the said act, pcffed in the

thirty-fifth year of his present Maj'ejtfs reign, cannot be carried into

full effetk in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and likewise

that it is inexpedient to have two terms for ifjuing the lice tiers before-

mentioned^ or to issue the same oftoner than once in the year) at the

octufomed term of entry to and removal from houses in Scotland; fov

remedy whereof be it enacted by the King's most excellent ma-

jesty, by and with the advice and consent of rite lords spiritual

and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflem-

bled, and by the authority of the same, That so much of she So much at

laid ad, passed in the forty-first year of his present Majesty's 5*°*

reign, as is above recited, shall be and is hereby repealed^ except £ere rerited,

as to all Judgements obtained, or prosectuions in dependance or repelied, &c.

to be commenced for the recovery of fines, penalties, and for*

feitures, for any offence committed previously to the passing of

this act.

II. And be it farther enacted, That all licences for retailing Licences for.ale, beer, and other exciseable liquors, to be granted by rbe jetwlinr afe, magistrates of any royal burgh within Scotland or their clerks, mmedin

in the month of UBeber one thousand eight hundred and four; Scotland by shall be and the same are hereby limited: to the fourteenth day magistrarc* of of May one thousand eight hundred and five, and that all such burghs in Oc* licences to be granted by the justices of peace of any shire or Aewartry within Scotland, or their clerks, in the month of No- C(j to May ttemher one thousand eight hundred and four, shall be, and the 1805* and same are hereby limited to the twenty-iirst day of May one licences to be thousand eight hundred and five; and that it shall not thereafter be lawful for any magistrates of royal burghs, or justices of the ^ov. 1804, peace within Scotland) or their clerks, or the deputies of such shallbfclimited clerks, to issue any such licence as aforesaid, at any other time, to May ax, or in any other manner than is herein after mentioned; any l*°s* thing in any former act or acts of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, That it shall, notwithstanding the li- Persons so

mitation aforesaid, be competent to and in the power of the licensed io lawful holder or holders of any such licence or licences to be to

issued in October or November one thousand eight hundred and continue t* four, to continue to retail ale, beer, or other exciseable liquors, retail ale,

for the full space fof which such licence would be current but &c. notwith* for the said limitation, in case such holder or holders thereof shall, from and after the expiry of that space, cease to retail ale, >n beer, or other exciseable liquors, until he, she, or they shall be again duly licensed under the authority of this act.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the lawful Persons to K-holder or holders of any such licence or licences as aforesaid, to ^to?*1" be by virtue of this act limited to the fourteenth or twenty*first drawback bt days of May one thousand eight hundred and five, (halt be en- account of titled to a drawback at the rare of eighteen Shillings and four- fuc.h limU pence for each licence, as a just proportion of the starop-dutiestation*

Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. j}£, [i S04.

originally payable therefor; xorresponding t#.the, period for which the same wouJAbave remained ourem, but fiqr the limitation aforesaid, in case suchhblddf or holders thereof either shall cease to retail exciseable.liquors at the period to which the same are so limited, or shall at that period obtain any newlicence or licence? under the authority of this ad; and the coraoiidioners of stamp-duties are hereby author]fed and required So repay or make suitable provision for repaying the said sum of eighteen shillings and* four-pence from the produce of the Chrxesponding duties under their management, to the person or persons who shall be duly entitled to receive the said drawback, either at tfct - office or place where the original duties. for the relative licences

h*vr'.bcpn paid, or atihe office or place where such person or, per to ns shall have occasion to pay the (Ump+duties upon any

new licence or licences as aforesaid.

After May 151.j Y-And be it further.eqacted, That, from and a£er the fiffa (Hughs, and teenth day of May one thousand eight hundred and five, in flilres^no*11 every: royal burgh, and froth and after the twenty*fec6od day of peirfon shall Mayone thousand eight hundred and fiye, in every/hire and keep any ale- stewartry in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, no person bnt Arh as directly, or indirectly, keep any ale-house, tippling-houfo,

diall be an* or victualling-house, or sell ale, beer, spirits, strong waters, or nually licensed other exciseable liquors by retail, hut such persons only as shall according so be annually admitted, allowed, and licensed according to ibe ^edbon, directions contained in this act.

Magiftnites of And lt further enacted, That the magistrates of each

buighsTo*° r°ya* burgh within Scotland, shall yearly and every year, on the grant licences fifteenth day of May, or the next lawful day thereafter, the first for fellingle, meeting to be on the fifteenth day of May one thousand eight &c. on May j)unt]re(j an(j five, assemble and meet together at the time and place, when and where they usually have met.for transacting the business of such royal burgh; and the said magistrates, or any two of them at least, shall, at such annual meeting, admit, allow, and license for the year then next ensuing, such and so many pdrfohs as the said magistrates, or two of them at the least, shall think meet and convenient to keep ale-houses, tippling.houses, victualling-houses, or to sell ale, beer, or other exciseable liquors by retail within every such royal burgh and die royalty thereof; and the said magistrates, or two of them at the lead, shall deliver or tause to be delivered to each person so by them admitted, allowed, and licensed, a licence ingracted, written, or primed Vpon. vellum, parchment, or paper, signed by two of the said magistrates, and by the clerk of such royal burgh, and legally stampt with a (lamp or (lamps, denoting the said fevers! duties of twenty shillings, and ten shillings and sixpence, and ten shillings and sixpence, or the total amount thereof, being two pounds one shilling, for each of which licences a fee of one shilling, over, and above the said ft amp-duties, and no morcy shall be paid and payable.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if in any royal burgh there foalfoot be a sufficient number of roa-

ij, yearly.

Stamp-duty a/. 1l. and a let'of x/*

In default of

a sufficient — -"Tiber of

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 223

gi/lrates capable to grant licences pursuant to the qualifications n&jgiftraie# and directions of this a< % at any of the'tinaes when lipenc's t

for ale-houses, tippling-housesi or vldf ualling-KQufes ip jbe ro>4I shire^ip vyiurih burghs, are hereby appointed to be granted $ then and ip such such burghs Cife it shall and maybe lawful to and fot the justice$ of the are fituited, peace of the shire or stewartry in which such. royal burgh 9r boroughs shall be fhuated, to grant licences for such xoyal burg)i lct '*cr boroughs at the same time and in the same manner as they ere hereby empowered to do for the shire or stewartry, and all, licences so granted for royal burghs by juices of the peace of the shire or stewartry, shall continue in force until the next annual clay for granting licences according this act and nb*J'

longer.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the justices of the Justicet in peace in each shire and stewartry within Scotland, shall have fu]l fttirestomett power and authority, and they are hereby empowered anp May/ and required annually to assemble and meet together, in their hceiifcpit* nrfpecHve shires and ftety^rtries, on the twenty-second day of ioftn.tafcil AJajy or on the next lawful day thereafter, at the hour and placed*

when and where the general quarter-sessions for fuph shire qr ',

stewartry have usually been held, on the twenty-second day of;

Mcj one thousand eight hundred and five^ and at such annual meeting to admit, allow, and license for the year then next ensuing, such and so many persons as the major pint of the jut-'ticss then assembled shall think meet and convenient, to keep ale-houses, tipplipg-Houses, victualling-h'ouses, 'or to fell ajq, beer, or other exciseable liqviors by retail, within such respectivp shire or stewartry, or in the event before-mentioned, within any royal burgh or boroughs situated in such' shire or stewartry $ and the said justices shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each person so by them admitted, allowed, and licensedj ? licence ingrossed, written, or printed upon vellum, parchment, or paper, signed by the prefes of the said meeting and by the clerk of the peace of the said shire or stewartry, and legally stamped with

(lamp or (lamps, denoting the said several duties, of twenty shillings, ten'shillings and six-pence, and ten shillings and fix* pence, or the total amount thereof. Being two pounds one shilling; for each of which licences there shall bepaicj and payable a fee of one shilling to the clerk of the peace for his trouble, ever and above the said damp-duties, and no more.»

IX. And be it further enacted, That neither his Majesty's Excise not commifioners of excise in Scotland, nor any of the collectors or fuj>ervifors of excise, or any other officers by the said commit-

sioners appointed to deliver licences to the retailers, of any fpi- spirits till rituous liquors or strong waters, shall grant or deliver any, such they produce licence to any person who shall not produce a licence, duly'iccn.^f ^rora stamped, granted to him or her in due form of law, by magi- for^Tcliin^S Antes or justices of the peace, to sell ale, beer, or other excise- ale, See. ° able liquors, by retail.

X. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That if any Occupier, 5rc. person licensed to sell ale, beer, or other exciseable liquors, in*hfie Prf-

terms may c

ale, dec. after terms of this act, shall die or remove from the alc-house, or the death or other place wherein such ale, beer, or othe % liquor*, shall, by the person virtue of his or her licence, be sold, it shall and may be hwful

licenced. for the executors, administrators, and assigns, of such person so

dying or removing, who shall be possessed of such house or place,

or the occupier thereof, to sell ale, beer, or other liquori therein, during the residue of the term for which such licence shall have been granted to the person so dying or removing. Persons felling Xf. And be it further enacted, That every person who shall ale, &c. in a sell ale, beer, or other liquors, by retail, in any prison or house ^houft^tmCd corrC(^lon» or Workhouse appointed for the reception of poot keeper*. persons, shall be deemed a keeper of common ale-house, or tippling-house, and shall be subject to the penalties inflicted by law on the keepers of common ale-houses and tippling-house;, unless he or she shall obtain from the magistrates or justices of the peace, according to due course of law, a licence, (duly stamped) to retail such beer, ale, or other exciseable liquors. Clerks of

XII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the b^hsand fifteenth day of ?fcfoy one thousand eight hundred and five, in indefeultof* ca^c l^e magistrates of any royal burgh, or the justices of the the meeting peace of any shire or stewartry within Scotland, shall, in that or of magistrates any preceding year, neglect to assemble upon the days, and it or justices, the tjmc an(j piaces before-mentioned, in order to admit and Vrfrnm VC J, con^c for the year then next ensuing, such and so many perforo 9'as they shall think meet and convenient to keep ale-houtw,

'tippling-houses, victualling-houses, or to sell ale, beer, or other exciseable liquors by retail, within their respective borough;, shires, and stewartries, according to the directions of this act, chen and in that case it shall be lawful to the clerk of any such royal burgh, or his lawful deputy, and to the clerk of the peace of any such shire or stewartry, or his lawful deputy respectivel), and they are hereby required, after making an entry or record that the magistrates or justices of peace aforesaid, had neglected to assemble in pursuance of this act, to deliver or cause to be delivered, to every person living or residing within such rod burgh, shire, or stewartry respectively, who shall apply for the same, (unless such person shall be disqualified to have a licence), ft licence engrossed, written, or printed, upon a piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, damped with a (lamp or damps, denoting the several duties before-mentioned, or the total amount thereof, and signed by the clerk of such royal burgh, or the clerk of the peace of such shire or stewartry, or their lawful deputies respectively; for each of which licences there shall be paid and payable

the (ums before-mentioned in this act, and no more; and which licences, so signed and delivered by the clerk of any royal burgh, or the clerk of the peace of any shire or stewartry, or their lawful deputies respectively, shall be, to all intents and purpose*, as good and effectual to the receiver or receivers thereof, as if the same had been allowed, granted, and signed, in a meeting of the magistrates of such royal burgh, or justices of peace of such'shire or stewartry.

- rnAtxi

iSrif] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 55. 22 f

m And be it enacted, That in case the magift rates of any may do royal burgh, or the justices of the peace of any shire or stewartry so within St§tland % assembled upon the days appointed by this act {Justices for executing the powers thereby committed to them, shall find neglecting, itoeedfary, it shall and may be lawful for them to continue or &c. adjourn their meeting to the next lawful day/and no longer r and in case the magistrates of any royal burgh, or the justices of pace of any shire or stewartry, shall nor, upon one or other of tWe days, completely execute the powers committed to them 1; this act, by allowing or refuting the petition or claim of every person within their several distridb, who shall apply to them for a licence to sell ale, beer, or other exciseable liquors by retail, then and in that case, >t shall be lawful to the clerk of such royal burgh, or his lawful deputy, and to the clerk of the*peace of such (nire or stewartry, or his lawful deputy respectively,

and they are hereby required, after making an entry or record that the said magistrates or justices of peace had hot completely executed the powers committed to them by this act, to deliver or cause to be delivered to every person who shall have (b applied to the magistrates or justices of peace aforesaid, and upon whole application no deliverance or order shall have been made asf aforesaid, a licence duly stamped as aforesaid, and signed by fudir clerk as before directed, which shall be as good and effectual so the receiver thereof as if the same had been allowed, granted, and signed in a meeting of the said magistrates or justices respectively: provided always, that no cleric of any royal burgh, or clerk of the peace, or their deputies, shall grant any licence'under this act, at any other time than within three days foU lowing the days appointed by this act for the magistrates of justices of peace to grant the same.*

XIV. And be it enacted, That in case the clerk of any royal Prnxltv 00

burgh, or any clerk of the peace, or their deputies, shall, in such citrks for either of the cases before expressed, refuse to lign and to deliver u?*

such licence to any person applying for the same as aforesaid,

and offering payment of the (bmp-duties with the foresaid fee of one shilling, then each of them so offending shall forfeit and pay to each and every person to whom or for whose behoof such licence ought to have been delivered as aforesaid, the sum of ten pounds, with full costs of salt; to be sued for and recovered before the sheriff or stewart-court of the shire or stewartry within which the person so offending shall reside, in manner bercin-after directed.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the clerk of each royal Clerks anna* burgh, and the clerk of the peace of each shire or stewartry al, y*na respectively, shall be bolden and obliged annually to make up a

true and exaA lift in a book or register to be kept for that pur-licensed, an & pose, of the names, defigoations, or additions and places of abode transmit a of all persons within their respective distri As, to whom licences C0P7-° for retailing ale, beer, or other exciseable liquors, shall be delivered in pursuance of this or the aforesaid act, which lift shall be' duties at signed in the book or register aforesaid by the clerk of each royal Edinburgh* VOI.XLV. CL burgh,

*6 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 55, [r8o$.

burgh, or clerk of the peace of each shire or stewartry, or their lawful deputies respectively, and shall be carefully preferred with tjfye other records under their care; and the clerk of each royal burgh, and the clerk of the peace of each shire or stewartry, and their deputies ceipectively, shall be holden and obliged, on or before the twenty-fifth day of June in every year, to transmit to the collect or of the ftacnp-duties at Edinburgh an exact copy of frefc lift taken from the said book or register, duly attested and figoed by such clerk or his deputy; and in fcafe any clerk or his deputy dull neglect or fail to make up and sign such lift in a book or register as above directed/or shall neglect or fail to transoiit an exact copy of such lift as entered in the said book or register to the collector of the stamp-duties at Edinburgh as above required, the person or persons offending (halt, for every Penalty. such offence, forfeit and pay the sura of ten pounds, to be faed for and recovered before the sheriff or stewart-court of the shire or stewartry within which the person so offending flull re side, io manner herein after directed; and in case any such clerk or his deputy shall wilfully omit to insert in the aforesaid register, or in the copy thereof, to be transmitted as aforesaid, the name of any person who (halt be licensed to retail ale, beer, or other fxcifeabte liquors, within their several distrusts, or shall wilfully infort in such register, or copy thereof, to be transrokted as gforefrid, the name of any person as licensed who shall not have been so licensed, fteeb clerk shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pav the foot of forty shillings for each person licensed, whofr name mail be omitted to be inserted in the said register or copy thereof, to be transmitted as aforesaid; and five pounds for etch person not licensed, whose name shall be inserted in such register or copy thereof; to be sued for and recovered before the (hcriff or fiiewart-court of the shire or stewartry within which the person so offending (halt reside, in manner herein after directed, Penalty on XVI, And be it enacted, That every person in that part of keej^ Great Britain caHed Scotland, who, after the passing of this act, J^hout heep* alc'house, tippling-house, or victualling-house, or yCCOCCe shall sell ale, beer, (pints, or other exciseable liquors, by retail, except in fairs, or who shall fell foreign wines, or British-mito wines, or sweets, by retail, to be drank in their houses or placet adjoining thereto, without being licensed according to the di» re&ioos of this aor the former acts before noticed, and shall be thereof, donvicted in manner herein after mentioned, every such offender shall forfeit and pay for the first offence the sum of five pounds, for the second offence the sum of ten pounds, and for the third, or toy subsequent offence, the sum of twenty pounds, and shall, after the said third offence, be incapable of keeping an ale-house, tippling-house, or victualling-house, or of felling ale, beer, or other exciseable liquors, by retail, or of having any licence for such purpose thereafter; all which respect five penalties and forfeitures shall and may be sued for and recovered before the (hedff or ftcwart-court, or before any justice or justices of the peace of the shire or stewartry, or the baillie*

227

4

cwrt of aay royal burgh, within whose jurisdiction respectively the offender or offenders shall reside, ' by any person who shall icfonn, and sue, and prosecute for the same: provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for the judge or judges before whom any prosecution shall be brought for a nrft or second offence in felling exciseable liquors without the licence hereinbefore prescribed, if he or they shall see cause, to mitigate or lefien the foresaid penalties to die extent of one half, but no further, so that the judge or judges shall not be at liberty to reduce the penalty for a first offence below two pounds ten shillings, or the penalty for a second offence below five pounds; and in every case of mitigation, the expences of conviction must be awarded against the offender over and above the mitigated penalties,

XVII. And be it further enacted, That any person or persons What woof

sued or prosecuted for retailing as aforesaid, without licence, " for

may and shall be legally convicted thereof, on their own con- conviaK>a* frflion, or on the oath of one credible witness, or upon evidence,

by the (lock-book or other accounts kept by the gauger or officer of excise, which he is required to produce, attelled by the oath of such gauger or officer, that the person so sued or prosecuted has been charged or surveyed as victualler or retailer, and has been charged with the same duties of excise that victuallers and retailers are usually charged with and pay for all beer and other exciseable liquors within the period mentioned in the information, complaint, or other process,

XVIII. And be it enacted, That all penalties and forfeitures Penalties a*d herem-before described may be sued for or prosecuted before the respective courts herein-before appointed, by summary com- recovered, plaint or ordinary action, within six months after the committing of the offence, and shall be payable, one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof to any person or persons who shall sue or prosecute for the same, and may be recovered and levied either by the usual execution of the law of Satlafidj or by distress and fate of the goods and chattels of the offender (rendering to him or her the overplus after the charges of the said distress and sale shall be deduced], by a warrant signed by the judge, justice, or magistrate, before whom fisch offender shall be convicted, and which warrant shall contain power to enter house$, and break open doors, in order to make* sech distress effectual, and may be carried into execution without necessity of any previous intimation of the conviction: provided always, that no such warrant for distress shall be carried' into execution before the expiration of six days after the conviction of every such offender; and the clerk or clerks of the respective courts aforesaid before whom any conviction of any of the offences aforesaid shall proceed, shall, and they are hereby required carefully to preserve the whole grounds and warrants of every such conviction amongst the other records of such court, and shall not be obliged to return or certify the same to any other court; any thing in the aforesaid act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Pylons aggrieved may appeal to the court of ex-ckqocr^c.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no process or sentence upder the authority of (his ad shall be subject to the review of the court of session in Scotland, but that it shall and may be lawful to any person or persons who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by the sentence or decree of any judge, justice, or magistrate, convicting him, her* or them of any of the offences aforesaid described in this act, within three days after the date of such decree or sentence to appeal to the barons of his Majesty's court of exchequer at Edinburgh^ which appeal shall either be taken in open court, in presence of the judge, justice, or magistrate, who shall have pronounced the decree or sentence appealed from, by 2 writing signed by the appellant or his procurator, or at the office of the clerk of such court, by a writing signed as afoce(atd, all which appeals the clerk of such court shall carefully lodge and prefefve ajong with the proceedings in the original suit* and the person or persons so appealing shall, within six days after lodging such appeal, give in to the clerk of the said court his reasons of appeal, and a bond with a sufficient surety to profecuae the said appeal with effect, and to pay such colls as ftull be awarded against him, her, or them, in case the appeal dull be difatided, or the sentence or decree appealed from be affirmed, and which reasons of appeal and bond shall likewise be lodged and preserved by the said clerk along with the proceedings in the original suit; and in dafe the person or persons so appealing shall neglect to give in his reasons of appeal and bond to prosecute the same as above required, the appeal shall be holden as parted from, and the sentence or decree against which the appeal was taken, shall to all.intents and purposes, become Anal, and be carried into execution according to the directions of this a &j and in Case the reasons of appeal and bond for prosecuting the same shall be duly lodged as aforesaid, the clerk of the court appealed from, shall and u hereby required, within fourteen days after the date of such appeal, to transmit to the solicitor of the stamp-duties at Edinburgh a full extract of the whole proceedings in the original suit, and of the decree or sentence following thereupon, and of the appeal, and reasons of appeal and bond for prosecuting the lame, duly signed by him or his lawful deputy, for which he shall be entitled to receive the ordinary fees of an extracted decree, and which exrraft the solicitor of the stamp-duties shall immediately lodge in the office of the King's remembrancer in the court of exchequer, and so soon as such extra ft shall befo lodged, it shall and may be lawful to cither party, appellant or respondent, to apply to the barons of the said court, or any one of them, as well out of term time as in term time, in order to have a day appointed, for hearing and determining such appeal* and the hid barons, or any of them, shall accordingly appoint such day as they shall think proper, of which due notice shall be given by the party who applied for such day, to the other party in the said appeal, ten days at lead before the day for hearing and determining such appeal.

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 55. 229

XX. And be it enacted, That the said barons, or any one of Bmm* of e*> them, shall, and he or they is or are hereby empowered, as well out of term time as 5n term time, to hear and determine such appeal appeal, and to give such judgement thereupon as to him oir them cither »oor shall seem just, and to award full costs of furt in case the appeal shall»t of urm. be dismissed, or the sentence or decree appealed from shall be affirmed, which judgement shall be final to all intents and purposes, wdsubject to no other review whatsoever; and the said barons, or any one of them, who shall give such judgement, may and fa\\ grant warrants for levying the sum or (urns awarded by such judgement, by distress and sale of the gjoods and chattels of the person or persons against whom such judgement shall be given, and his, her, or their surety or sureties, and for such other execution of the law, in the same way and manner as the inferior judge, justice, or magistrate before whom the original furt was brought, might have done for levying any of the penalties in-Med by this act.

XXI. And whereas it is expedient that persons empowered to grant licences by virtue of this act shouli not be fwaytd by interest in the execution of the powers vested in them y be it therefore enacted.

That no justice of the peace or magistrate in any shire, ftetfrartry, No justice or

or royal burgh, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland\ who nwgistrate,

is a brewer, maltster, distiller, or retailer of ale, beer, or other

exciseable liquors, or is concerned in partnership or otherwise with fj, a|j io

any brewer, maltster, distiller, or retailer of ale, beer, or other any infecting

exciseable liquors, at any of the time or times when any of the jp* granting

powers in this act are to be executed, shall act in any of theceDce,

meetings for granting any licence or licences, or shall convict or

join in any conviction directed by this act; and every magistrate

or justice of the peace who shall offend in any of the premises

(hill for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds,

to be recovered by any person who will sue for the same, within

six months after such offence is committed, by action, bill, plaint,

or information in his Majesty's court of exchequer in that part

of Great Britain called Scotland, in which no essoign, protection,

wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed;

which said penalty of fifty pounds shall be paid, one moiety

thereof to the person who fue$ for the same, and the other moiety

to the collector of the cess for the shire or stewartry within which such justice or magistrate has offended, to be applied for the re*

pafation of the highways or bridges in suchibire or stewartry,

in such manner as the persons who by law have the ordering and

directing of such reparations, shall think proper,

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any action, AdMonatobe

fiiit or otl)qr, prose^itfipi), shall be had* brought, or prosecuted, ex-

against any person or persons, for or by reason of any act, matter, chequer at* or thing, by him, her, pr tb$try dohe or committed by virtue or Edinburgh* in pursuance of this act, that then, in every such case, the action,

suit, or prqfecution {foil be laid and prosecuted in the court of exchequer in Edinburgh % Mid not qlfe where; and that in every such action, fqitj or pr$j^tion, the de&fldttt dr defendants may

*30 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 56.

[1B04.

[General issue.]

plead the general jffoe, and give this act and any other act or acts of parliament, and any other matter or thing, in evidence} and in case there shall be a verdict or verdicts therein for the defendant or defendants, or judgement therein shall be given for the| defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs, prosecutor or prosecutors shall become nonsuited, or the plaintiff or plains tiffs, prosecutor or prosecutors, shall discontinue such action 01 suit, that then, and in every such case, the defendant and defend ants in every such action, suit, or prosecution, shall recover hit Treble costs, her, or their treble costs of suit.

CAP. LVI.

An act for establishing and maintaining a permanent additional fsru for the defence of the realm, and to provide for augmenting his M* jejiy's regular forces; and for the gradual reduction of the milit'U of England.

[June 29, 1804.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that a permanent additional fern shotdd be established and maintained under regular officers for the defence of the realm, and for augmenting and /applying bn Majesty's regular forces \ and that the militia v/* Eng! and j/bouli bi gradually reduced, under certain restrictions and regulations, t$ tk original quotas specified in an act passed in the forty-second year oftk reign of his present Majesty: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That a permanent rorec 10 uc additional force shall be established and maintained in Engicnl, ralfed)and the a°d toall be raised and completed in the manner by this act di-quotas of the re&ed; and from and after the completion of such additional force several coun- under this act, the quotas to be maintained and supplied in the manner directed by this aS, by each of the several counties in England, shall be as follows} that is to say:

A permanent additional force to be

al counties fixed. s

For the county of Bedford four hundred and twenty-two;

For the county of Berks seven hundred and forty-eight}

For the county of Bucks seven hundred and ninety-eight}

For the county of Cambridge six hundred and forty-one;

For the county of Chtftor, with the city and county of the city of - Chester, one thousand one hundred and eighty5 For the Cinque Ports four hundred and forty*two

For the county of Cornwall eight hundred and sixty-two;

For the county of Cumberland eight hundred and twenty;

For the county of Derby one thousand two hundred and fifty* two;

For the county of Devon, with the city and county of the city of Exeter, two thousand and finteen;

For the county of Dorset, with the town and county of the tdwa, of Pool, five hundred and forty-eight;

For the county of Durham six hundred and fifty-six;

5 For

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c,

For the county of Bgex one thousand six hundred and fifty-eigfat;

For the county of Sloucester, with the city and county of the cky of Ghute/hr, and the city and county of the city of Brifl$l> one thousand five hundred and fifty j For the county of Htreford six hundred and ninety-three;

For die county of Hertford six hundred and forty;

For the County of Huntingdon two hundred and twelve;

For the county of Kent, with the city and county of the city ef Canterbury (and exclusive of the Cioque Porto), one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight;

For the county of Latuafer three thousand two hundred and fifty-»two;

For the county of Leicester eight hundred and fifty-(even;

For the county of Lincoln, with the city and county of the city of Lincoln, one thousand eight hundred and twenty-four;

For the county of Middlesex (exclusive of the Tower Division, commonly called The Teuter Hamlets), four thousand and fifty For die city of London one thousand six hundred;

For die Tower Division, commonly called The Tower Hamlets, one thousand four hundred and ninety-three;

For the county of Monmouth three hundred and seventy-three;

For the comity of Norfolk, with the city and county of the city of Norwich, one thousand six hundred and twelve;

For the county of Northampton nine hundred and sixty-five;

For the county of Northumberland, with the town and county of the town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, and the town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, eight hundred and sixty-five;

For the county of Nottingham, with the town and county of the town of Nottingham, seven hundred and fifty-two; for the county of Oxford eight hundred and four; for the county of Rutland one hundred and ten;

For the county of Salop one thousand three hundred and twenty-one;

For the county of Somerset two thousand and seventy-four;

For the county of Southampton, with the town and county of the town of Southampton, one thousand one hundred and thirty-three;

For the JJle of Wight one hundred and forty-pine;

For the county of Stafford, with the gty and county of the city of Litchfield, one thousand five hundred and ten;

For the county of Suffolk one thousand three hundred and eighty-nine;

For the county of Surrep one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one;

For the county of Sussex, exclusive of the Cinque Ports, one thousand and seventy;

For the county of Warwick, ' with the city and county of the city of Coventry, qnc thousand one hundred and thirty-seven;

Foe the county of Westmoreland three hundred and twenty-four; For the county of Worcester, with the city and county of the city of Wmyjler, eight hundred and twenty-one;

For

s$z Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 56. [1804.

For the county of Witts one thousand two hundred and twenty-two 5

For the West Riding of the county of York % with the city and county of the city of York, three thousand two hundred and thirty-eight;

For the North Riding of the said county one thousand two hundred and fourteen;

For the East Riding of the said county, with the town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, seven hundred and fifty-two;

For the county of Anglesea one hundred and seventy;

For the county of Brecknock two hundred and seventy-two;

For the county of Cardigan three hundred and twenty-five;

For the county of Carmarthen, with the county borough of Car* I marthen, five hundred and forty;

For the county of Carnarvon one hundred and seventy;

For the county of Denbigh four hundred and fifty-eight; '

For the county of Flint two hundred and sixty-eight 5 For the county of Glamorgan five hundred and thirty-seven;

For the county of Merioneth one hundred and sixty-one;

For the county of Montgomery three hundred and seventy-two; For the county of Pembroke, with the town and county of the town of Haverford'Westy two hundred and sixty-eight; and for the county of Radnor one hundred and eighty-Jix.

iti^o be^de-And be it further enacted, That in the several counties in ficient by re- which the full number of men required to be raised by an act, turns of clerks passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to enable °t g?ner.il his Majesty more effectually to raise and offemble in England an act-befimmediate- ^itional military force for the better* defence and security of the United ly raised, and Kingdom, and for the more vigorous prosecution of the war, shall not when the de- have been raised pursuant to the provisions thereof respectively, ficiency shall the number of men that shall appear to be deficient upon there-afeertai^ned turns to be ma<*c under this a & by the clerics of general meetings, and certified AhzW forthwith and without any delay be raised in manner in this according to act directed, for the additional force undeMhis act; and when and this act, »f it fa soon as the actual number of men deficient in any such county nuinSr the ^avc ^eon a^certa*nc<* under this act, and certified pursuant remainder to the provisions thereof, if such number shall exceed the number shall be forth- returned deficient by the clerk of the general meetings, then and with raised. -ip such case the remainder of such deficiency shall be forthwith raised in such county, for such additional force; unless the full number of men specified as the number deficient shall have been raised and completed therein, before the delivery of the certificate of the deficiences and vacancies under this act.

Inspectttvge- UI. And be it further enacted, That the inspector-general of of^iSrv^tcT arm^ re^crvc> or his deputy, shall, as (bon after the passing make returns of this act as may be, transmit to the clet ks of the general" media the form in ings of lieutenancy for the several counties in England, in which schedule (A,) whole (lumber of men required by the said recited act of the to clerks of last fC|f: oa of parliament shall not have beon jaised, or in which

1804.I Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 56. 433

any deficiencies may remain therein, or in which any vacancies pciaeral -any have arisen, which have not been supplied, an account, inve^iwticcto* the form in the schedule to this act annexed, marked (A.), spe* fh^county citying the numbers of men that have been received, and that lieutenant, kave been discharged, or have died or deferred, before the latest who shall fun* period to which such account can be made up, and the number fe/Feftive men serving, and the number that shall remain de-feient of the whole quotas in such additional force in fufh re*

IjxJiive counties; and every such clerk of general meetings shall

immediately give notice of the receipt of such account to the lieu-

fcnanr, or, in his absence, to the vice-lieutenants respectively of

tie country to which he shall belong, who shall forthwith sum-

fcon a special meeting of lieutenancy of such county, to meet

ekhin any period, not exceeding twenty-one days nor less than

burteen days, after the receipt of such account as aforesaid 5 and Clerk to give

every such clerk to the general meetings (bail also immediately notice of

Eve notice in writing of the place and day and hour appointed tlirinfpeaor-r such meeting of lieutenancy, to the said inspector-general, or general or his & deputy; and on the request of the inspector-general, or his deputy, on fcputy, signified to the clerk of the general meeting, such day rwlueft toy be altered, by publick notice from two deputy lieutenants printed in some county paper, to any day, not exceeding four-iten days from the first day so appointed, nor less than fevett kys from such notice, and the clerk of general meetings shall thereupon forthwith give notice of such alteration.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Inspector-ge* bid inspector-general, or his deputy, to appoint in writing one or more proper persons to attend at each of such general meetings, to attend who shall a (Tift the deputy lieutenants at such meetings during meetings, to the examination of such accounts, and of all other papers relating*?* ^c" fherero, or to the raising of any such additional force, or any de- nante in^xa-ficiencies therein, and in the comparing the same with the re- mining returns to be made by the clerks of general meetings under this act, turns, &c. and and for the purpose of giving any such information on the behalf1" transmit of the inspector-general as may be necessary; and the inspector- [o^th^clerks general aforesaid or his deputy shall, as soon as may be after the of the general passing of this act, transmit to the respective clerks of the general meetings, meetings the names of the persons so appointed by him for the purpefe aforesaid, and of their places of residence.

V. And be it further enacted, That the clerks of the several subdivision meetings in such counties (hell, immediately after the j"^t^l, 10"0 passing of this act, make out, for the use of the clerks of the gene- transmir to ral meetings of lieutenancy of their respective counties, an account, the clerks of in the form in the schedule to thi£ aft annexed, marked (B.), of the general the number of men who have been ballotted to serve in such ad- the

d.tional force as aforesaid, for their respective subdivisions, since form in sche-the last return^ made by them, to such clerks of the generafmeet- dule (».) of ings respectivelyi if any such. returns shall have been made, and ifhe number no such returns shall have been made* then since the passing of the said recited act of the lastfetiidn of parliament; specifying in such C*fturns the names of the merr so ballotted to serve as aforesaid, and the parishes or places for which they have been ballotted.

Penalty on ikrkfc for pegled or making salic returns.

Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 56. [xJ04.

*id which of such men are actually ferviag or have provided fubJ stitutes 10 serve in such additional force, and which of them have paid ihe penalties by the bid recited acts impofod, for not Serving or finding a substiturg to ferye therein j and if any such clerk of any subdivision meetings shall omit or neglect to make such return as aforesaid, for the space of ten days after the passing of this act, or shall knowingly or, wilfo|ly make any false return, such clerk shall forfeit and pay for every such offence the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered and applied as any such penally'may be recovered uodtr any act relating to the militia, or under this act. '

Clerks of gc-

VI. And be it further enacted, That the clerks of the gcnei

neral meetings meetings in such counties respectively shall make out, for tl turn*in the °* loch meetings of lieutenancy, returns in the form in tl

form in schc- schedule to this act annexed, marked (C.); and shall specify is dule (C.) and such returns the number and names of the men who have bees rfCm ra^ flm* enrolled in their respective counties, and also the appointed by* divisions, parities, and places, or united parishes and places for Mlpeltor-gc- which such men shall have been so raised and enrolled, and the serai and number deficient in each of such divisions, parUhes or places, to or united parishes or places, as far as the same cam be afeemined, u&>&Ca and shall also specify the number and names of the men charged, together with the number and names of ail men certified or known to have deserted or died since their enrolment; and shall respectively transmit such returns to the personsfo appointed in the respective counties and places as aforesaid by the inspector-general, five days at least before the days respectively appointed for the first general meetings of lieutenancy is aforesaid, and shall at the same time transmit duplicates of fccii returns to the inspector-general aforesaid, or his deputy, and shal also produce at such general meetings as aforesaid, correct duplicates of such returns, together with any other papers, vouchers, and documents, relating to such additional force jss aforesaid, as may be requisite to facilitate the investigation and comparison of inch accounts and returns; and if any such clerk shall omit or neglect to make or transmit any such return or duplicate, or to produce any such duplicate as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully make any false return, such clerk shall forfeit and pay for every such offence the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered as any iii?^ penalty may be recovered under any a & relating in the militia.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any person or persons so appointed by the inspector-general or

Isis deputy as' aforesaid, and every such person and persons is

fpclt returns, and are hereby authorised at any time after the passing of this c. in poflef- ad, during the period of his or their being employed in tie execution of this act, at all seasonable times to insped, examine and take copies of any returns, papers, books, vouchers, or documents, relating to the levying or completing ti e said additional force, that may be in the custody or possession of the clerk of the general meetings of the county for which be or they shall have been appointed for the purpose aforesaid.

V01. AaJ

Penalty for neglect.

Persons appointed by miptdor-general may m

fion ot clerk of gtn^rfcl mceungr.

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 56. 235

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the depuy-iieetenanti Deputy-lieu-of such respective counties shall assemble at such special meet-tt>nantf to esc" inp as aforesaid, and adjourn such meetings if necessary, so

tha1 e*ery such adjourned meeting shall be held wichui (even inspeaor-ge-days after the meeting immediately preceding; and shall care- m*v»I and fully examine and compare the accounts of the inspector»generalcauf* fc transmitted as aforesaid, ani the returns which shall be pn0- Sficate^to beT" duced and laid before them by the clerks of the general meet- made out in ags, and all otftier proper documents and vouchers that may be the form in produced a\ such meetings, by any person or persons so appointed sch*lu^ (D*) by the inspector-general as aforesaid, together with all such re- be fenuo* turns, vouchers, papers, and documents, as may be in the the inl'petfor bands of the clerks of the general meetings relating to such ad- and another to ditional force, and to the deficiences that may exist therein} and the county shall, after such examination and comparison as aforesaid, catifciieu nan to be made out a statement and certificate in the form in the schedule to this a St annexed, marked (D*), specifying the numbers of men that shall have been raised and enrolled in their respective counties, and in their respective subdivisions and pa* tifhes thereof, and the numbers of men so raised that shall have been discharged, and the numbers that shall have died or have deserted, and the numbers that shall have enlisted for general service; and the deputy lieutenants presentat such meetings shall sign two of such statements and certificates, and cause one thereof to be forthwith transmitted to the said inspector-general or his deputy, and the Mother thereof to be transmitted to the lieutenants or their vice-lieutenants of such respective counties.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Lieutenants soy lieutenant or vice-lieutenant to whom any such statement

and certificate shall be transmitted* as aforesaid, who shall fee meetings to be ration to apprehend that the same is erroneous or defective, or summoned lor who shall receive his Majesty's directions, to be communicated ie-ex*minA-by one of his principal secretaries of date for that purpose, to t, on cause another special meeting of deputy lieutenants to be sum-mcnl8' c* moned to meet within fourteen days to re-examine the same 5 and the deputy lieutenants at such meeting, together with any person or persons so appointed by the Inspector-general as aforesaid, shall meet and re-examine such statement and certificate, and examine any further information that may be laid before them in relation thereto, and confirm or alter the same as they shall see fit; and such deputy lieutenants shall sign two of the stattments and certificates so confirmed or altered, and cause one thereof to be forthwith transmitted to the said inspector-general or h?s deputy, and the other thereof to be transmitted to such lieutenant or vice-lieutenant as aforesaid; and every such lieutenant or vice-lieutenant shall, on the receipt of fetch first*statement and certificate, if he shall see no reafan tb apprehend that the same is erroneous or defective, or if no directions shall have been communicated to fetch lieutenant or vke-ttetitenant respectively, through one of his Majesty's principal (ternaries of

state.

i$6 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 56. [1804.

slate, within fourteen days, or after such re-examination thercuf as aforesaid, sign the same.

Militia to be X. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the ^wd^othe ^PW'3^11 of fourteen days after the passing of this act, the onginaiquotas mditia raised in the several counties in England\ under an act mentioned in passed in the forty-second year of his present Majesty, relating ts 41 Geo. 3. the miiitia, shall be gradually reduced, in the manner and unda if s°- and subject to the restrictitms and regulations in this act contained, m each of the several counties in England^ to the quota! in the said act specified as to such counties respectively and from and after such reduction shall have taken place under this act, the numbers specified in the said act as the original quotas of such respective counties, exclusive of any supplementary militia, and no more, shall be supplied, and continue to ferv$ for each or such counties.

Where the

XI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the original quota expiration of fourteen days atter the passing of this act, no max no foaM or be enrolled to serve in the militia of any,

I allot to take county, in which the number of men actually serving in thp^ j lace tiU the militia shall exceed or amount to such original quota as afore^ runiberjs re- fajdv or for tfje. supplying any vacancies then existing, or that cuce ow may increaster arise in such militia, until the militia of such county shall be reduced below the original quota thereof spe* eified in the said act relating to the militia.

her equal

XII. And be it further enacted, Thai in every county in^ inanycounty foil number of men required for the militia of such.

to be raised*county shall not have been completed, or in which any vacancies for additional that shall have ari.eo therein shall not have been, supplied, there ft rce under shall be raised in manner in this act directed, as soon after the this act, &c. expiration of such period of fourteen days as aforesaid as the same can be done, for the additional force under this act, a i number equal to the whole of the deficiency that shall then ex ill j in the militia of such county; an.i as often as any vacancies shall thereafter arise by the death, dchnion, or discharge of any men serving in the ini nia of such county, and until by means of such vacancies the mil.ua of such county shall be reduced to the original quota thereof, there shall be raised in like manner, according to the provisions of this act, for the additional force under this act, a number equal to the amount of such vacancies. Where less

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if than the on- the number of men actually serving. for any county shall be less fs^emiaguhe l^an die original M^ota of such county, then and in such case deficiency number sufficieiu to complete such quQta shall first be raised and shall first be enrolled in the mi itia of such county, according to the several raised for the a(qg relating to the militia.

y lUa\,

XIV. And be k fun her enacted, That, from and after the

d^hTdefcr P3ng of his a* cvpry vacahqy that shall arise in any regt-tion, &c. to be menu, battalions, or ^prps of such additional -force, by death or certified by desertion, or iix.consequence of any men being reclaimed as dc-r fcrters from his Majesty's other forces, oc from the oigopes or

manning 01- adlkia,

1804] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 56. 237

mtliria, or by such men being claimed as apprentices, or becoming fioer to the vnfit for service and being discharged accordingly, shall forthwith certified by the commanding officer thereof to the in- shall wmwlly Ipfftor-general aforesaid, who shall annuaHv transmit to his Ma- inmsmit the jefy's privy council the total number of such vacancies aforesaid, numbers to stat shall have arisen and been certified to hinTin the year ending the first day of September in each year. '

XV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Men to be an* jrtSng of this act, there shall be raised in the several counties in

hilindy for the year ending on the first day of OSfobsr onc*Jnfing rtoufand eight hundred and five, towards supplying the va- from men en-cancies that have arisen in such additional force, by reason ofhftinRtntothe the enlisting of any persons serving therein into his Majesty's regular forces, a further and additional number of nine thousand thilJI qooooim men; and after the expiration of such year, there shall, as soon one year# dteras the same can be done, be raised for the year beginning.on the first day of October one thousand eight hundred and five, and ending on the first day of October one thousand eight hundred and six, for such additional force, amumber of men equal -to the full number that shall have enlisted in his Majesty's regular forces in the preceding year 5 and in each and every fuc-ocediftg year a number of men equal to the number that shall bwe enlisted into his Majesty's regular forces in the then pre-: ceding year shall in like manner be raised for such additional force: provided always, that rio greater ntimber than nine thousand men shall be required to be raised for any one year, towards the supplying any vacancies that shall have arisen by toeenlifling of men from such additional force into his Majesty's regular forces in any preceding year,

XVI. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty's privy Privy council council shall cause such number of nine thousand men, and also

toe number of men required to be raised in each Aacceeding

year, for the supplying the vacancies arising from the enlisting^apportioin

of men as aforesaid, together with the total amount of such ed among the

vacancies as aforesaid, which shall have arisen in the course of counties ac-

the preceding twelve months in the several counties in

to be apportioned among such counties according to the re- awtVnclinam-

fyeflive original quotas of men, required at the time of makingben tnutf-

sech apportionment, to be raised in such respective counties, hutted to the

under the said acts relating to the militia, and shall, as

after such apportionment shall have been made, as the same can notice giveni*

be done, cause the numbers fixed and settled by fitch ap- the Gazette,

ponionment, to be transmitted to the respective lieutenants of &e,

the several counties in England, or their vice-lieutenants, and

ftalfalfo cause notice thereof to be given in the London Gazette,

and such lieutenants-or vice-lieutenants shall immediately summon general and subdivision meetings of lieutenancy in their respective counties; and the deputy lieutenants at such meetings*

Itiall divide a nth apportion the numbers so fixed and settled* among the hundreds in their respective counties, and among* toe several parishes of such hundreds, according to the provisions

Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 56. [1804.

visions of the several acts relating to the militia, in ordet that such men may, as speedily as portable, be raised for the additional force under the provisions of this act.

Mbn raised

XVII. And be it farther eitacted, That all men raised under aft ofiatt^(^e *d recited act of the last session of parliament shall be fvffion to he deemed and taken to be part of the additional force under this1 deemed-part aft, and (hah be maintained, (applied, and regulated, from and of the kree after fa passing of this act, according to the provisions thereof. Un<kr this act. X VjjI. And^h fgrthw d> That, from aftd after the

aritin^inW expiration of fourteen days after the passing of this act, no

a^ldtiubnal vacancies which shall have arisen so the fain additional force

' force raised raised tinder the said recited act of the last session of parliament,

bctc* ul>^applied>y ballot in the manner directed by

rAffd under the ^id recited act; but all such vacancies, and alfq all vacancies

the provisions which shall at any time after the passing of this act arise in the

of this act. additional force to bc raised under the provisions of this act, by

death or desertion, or in consequence of any men being re-

claimed as deserters From his Majesty's other forces, or front

the marines or militia, or by such men being claimed as ap-

£0 much of prentices or becoming unfit for service, and being discharged

recited act as accordingly, shall be supplied in the manner directed by this act.

relates to af-

XIX. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said

feffing fines rtcjled of the Taft session of parliament, as relates to the

proXIeiUc- sdJcffing or levying of any fines or penalties on any counties or

cording the re* parishes, in respect of any men that shall not have been provided

to; and to according to the provisions of the said recitedj aft, fall be tod

affcfiing fines, ^c £, pc js hereby repealed, and so much of the said act relating

the of England* as relates to the artefling or levying

men in Eng- any fines or penalties for any default in not having found and

land repealed, provided men for the militia, according to the provisions of the

as to deficit from and after the passing of this act, be and the

tirae^spas-9 is hereby repealed as to all deficiencies existing at the time

' £ng this act, of the passing of this act, and also as to all vacancies that may

and to future hereafter arise in any county, until the militia shall have been

vacancies till reduced to the original quota according to the provisions of this the militia bc

ginal^9

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for quotas. the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of any parish, at PuiHi officers any time within one month after the expiration of such four-may provide teen days as aforesaid, as to all such men as are by this act he°* Sf* re<lu*red to be r fifed after such period, in respect of deficiencies ^mmeuto^t^c. milfoil Qr such additional force, and also within on* month after any apportionment shall have been made at the ftsbdivision meeting within fitch parish, in respect of such nine thousand men as aforesaid, or of any further xumberof men required to supply the place of any men that shall have been enlisted inbo his Majesty's regular- forces, or of any vacancies that shall have arisen in such additional force, and also at any time after any such respective periods as aforesaid, before any recruit shall have been provided by dny commanding officer under the provisions of this act, to supply any such deficiency or _____ vacancy,

L

1804-2 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 56. 039

vacancy, to provide end produce to the persons appointed ta s

recent such men any person to fcrvc in such additional forces

tnd every facb churchwarden or overseer of the poor, producing

uj man for such additional force, Jhatt be entitled to reccHr#

such proportion of the whole bounty to be allowed in resped ai

nch maa, as his Majesty shall from time to time by any regu*

Wons made in that behalf direct

XXI. Provided always, and be it farther enacted. Tine every Sttch* fad mas who shall be found and provided by any such church- resident Hardens or overseers, shall have been ordinarily resident thirty Within certain days or more within the parish for which flxch man dull be limits, of found sad produced, or in same ether parish in the fam^fobdi- which they vision or hundred, or in some parish in the same county, ^Jtincatis^o sore than twenty miles, or in some adjoining county not more

fan ten miles, distant from the parish for which such man shall ft raws attest* he found and produced, and (hair produce to the justice of the ing them, pace or magi (Irate before whom he shall beartested, a certificate.

*r such residence from any one of the churchwardens or over*

fans of the parish in which he shall have so redded, which certi-

feite the churchwarden or overseer finding or providing such

mats hereby required to give; and in case such churchwarden Penalty

or overseer shall neglect or refuse to make out, figo, and dfeiivec

such certificate to the man (b found and provided by him, or

lull knowingly make out and deliver a false Certificate, such cates or giving

churchwarden or overseer shall for every such offence forfeit and folk ones.

pay any fom not exceeding five pounds nor Less than twenty

shillings, at the discretion of the justice before whom he shall be

coavifted thereof, to be recovered as any like penalty may be recovered under any ad relating to the militia.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the No rates or passing of this act, it flull not be lawful for any churchwarden subscriptions or overseer of the poor of any parish, or any other peefan or

person* to make, raise, or levy any rate or rates, or any fob- foai to wh*."

krription or subscriptions, or funq or Turns of money, or to give,

sdmee, or promise any sum or sums of money for thfc purpofa

cf inducing any person to eniift as a volunteer, in any such

additional force as aforesaid; and every churchwarden and over- Penalty for

fcer of the poor, and other person who shall in any. manner pay gi ving or pro*

or give, or advance to any person any sum or sums of money, or

any bounty, gift, or reward, or who shall promise any sum or bounty.

sums of money, or any bounty, gift, or reward, other than such

bounty as feaH be allowed and paid by or under his Majesty's

Stations in that behalf, shall forfeit and pay for every such eoce the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered, levied, paid, and applied as any like penalty may be recovered, levied, and applied, under any act or acts relating to the militia: provided Overseers may also, that it shall be lawful for any overseer of the poor of any advance sub-. parish, out of any rate in his hands for the relief of the poor, to advance, for the subsistence of any man r>fed and provided for ^arch to the such force by any such parish, during his march to the place of cemlcavous. rendezvous, any fom not- exceeding the rate of pay as two flail-

lings.

24° Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 56I [1804.

lings per day, of (o many days as would enable such man to march from the place where he was raised, to such place of rendezvous, to be calculated at the rate of not less than ten miles per day, with the afual number of halting days: provided always, that all Aims of money so advanced, in respect of any men that shall be approved and attested for such additional force* shall be repaid to such overseer by the officer appointed for receiving such men, to be by such overseers carried to the account of the rates from which the same shall have been advanced as aforesaid.

His Majesty

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful may appoint for his^lajesty to appoint a convenient place or places of ren-&*'vou°/and' dezvous in every county in England^ for the men to be raised officer to"ap- for additional force, and to appoint at every such place of prove or re- rendezvous an officer, especially authorised by his Majesty, or jfft Bum, who the commander in chief of his Majesty's forces for the time re>klon/to 'being, to approve or reject the men produced and provided the clerk$of° u°der this act, according and subject to such regulations as his the subdivi- Majesty shall from time to time establish for that purpose, and fions, and the such officers way approve of or reject any such men accordingly; act^ralT* an<* cvcry °^cer rejecting any such man shall forthwith certify the same to the clerk of the subdivision meetings of the fubdi-

vision for which such man shall have beeh produced, and also to the inspector-general aforesaid, or his deputy.

Bounty to the

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That such bounty as his Majesty shall diredfc, not exceeding' three fourth parts of the Ibch regula- b°unty l^at shall be from tittle to time allowed by his Majesty tions as his for recruiting the infantry for general service, shall be allowed Majesty shall and paid in respect of every man who shall be provided or raised direct. to serve in such additional force under this act; and so much of such bounty shall be paid to every such man at such times and places, and in such proportions as to any advance of any part thereof, and in such manner, and under and subject to such regulations, as his Majesty shall, by any regulations from time to time made in that behalf, be pleased to order and direct; and Treasury may it shall be lawful for the lords-commissioners of his Majesty's order twunties treasury, or any three or more of them, to order any receiver-of any Pdutics16cneralto advance and pay any sum or sums of money for or in under the respectc of any such bounties, or any advances in respect thereof, management as may be necessary, out of any publick monies in their hands, of the com- or received or receivable by them out of any rates and duties mituoneriof uncjcr the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, and all mopies paid under any such orders as aforesaid shall be good and valid, and be allowed to all such receivers* Bounty to be general in their accounts: provided always, that such bounty in lieu of all shall be in lieu of all allowances and payments of money ta allowances. wjjch any such man might be or claim to be entitled under any of the provisions of the said recited act; any thing in the said recited act contained^ the contrary notwithstanding. Commanding

XXV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any man pfEcers may serving in such additional force as aforesaid shall become unfit

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 56. 242

for ftrvjct in the judgement of the commanding officer of men

battalion or corps to which he shall belong, it shall be lawful for such commanding officer to discharge such man, under such xeAriflions as by any regulations of his Majesty are or may be provided in that behalf* as to his regular forces, or to the additional force under this act, and every such discharge shall be valid and effectual to all intents and pirrposes.'

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That In every case In Where the which the number of men required to be raised in any parish

under this act, shall riot be found or provided within such re- not beprovid* spective periods as aforesaid, or shall not the approved in such ed, the parish manner* and according to such regulations as his Majesty shall shall pay »*{ direct in that behalf, such parish shall become subject to the by*

payment of the Aim of twenty pounds, by way of fine, to be the dqmty-adefied and ftifedin manner by this act directed, and the deputy lieutenants of lieutenants of the subdivision in which such patish shall be, shall, the subdiviand they are Etereby required forthwith to certify the same to the raid inspector-general or his, deputy; and it shall be lawful r£]y and upon for the commanding officer of the regiment, battalion, or corps, notice from to which such men shall have been appointed, upon the receiptfhc C°FK of any notice from the fayi inspector-general or his deputy, of oSg

any such deficiency not having, been made good, or of any such ^cruitL vacancy not having been filled up, to enlist, from any place # where he shall find it most convenient, any recruit or recruits to make good any such deficiency, or to fill up such vacancy, and to pay to each such recruit so enlisted any such Aim by way of bounty, not exceeding the proportion herein-before directed, as -

shall be allowed by his Majesty's regulations in that behalf.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful Generalities*-for the lieutenant and deputy lieutenants, assembled at any baf?0t°the or^ general meeting of lieutenancy under any ad relating to the^r°nw* mi/itia, or to any such additional force, and they are hereby A^bdivisions, required, at some general meeting in each year, to ascertain and fluHstand fix by-ballot the.order in which the respectivq

hundreds, and parishes respectively, in their respective counties and ause a (h?lf fbnd, as to the Supplying any deficiencies or vacancies that lift in the (arm may exist or arise therein, by the recruiting of any men by any in schedule commanding officer under the provisions of this act $ and (ha I, (E.)tobefcftt immediately after the same shall have been so ascertained and ^Q"r^c* fixed, cause a list of such subdivisions, hundreds, and parishes and the agent respectively.entered in such order* and in the form in the sche* general for the dule to this act annexed, marked (E.) to be transmitted to the ofre* inspector-general aforesaid, orchis deputy, and to the agent-it^owWch general for the army of reserve; and all recruits that shall be the recruits*raised by any commanding officer shall be appropriated to the shall be apteral, subdivisions, hundreds, and pari (hes respectively, in the propridtei order in which such subdivisions, hundreds, and parishes shall have been entered in such lift as aforesaid; and the inspector- nrr^|9 0rge-general aforesaid, or his deputy or general agent aforesaid, shall, neral'agent, as soon as the same can be done, give notice thereof to theto g*vc notice overseers of the poor of the parish to the account of which such of uleparHh Vox*. XLV. R recruit jq whoie ac-

&4t Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 56. [1804.

epunt the men recruit shall have been Entered, and shall specify the name, y.r;, a7e^cc> tefidence. occupation, and description of such recruit. m.*La

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every man pro. the folio win z v»<led apd raised under this act, to (me in such additional force, shall take the following oath; (that is to say),

oath. < T A.B. do make oath. That to the best of my knowledge

JL and belief I am yegrs of age; was born in

the pariflt of In or near to the town of

in the county of that 1 am by trade or occupation

a that my left piece of residence was at in the pariflt of in or near to the town of

in the county of in the character or occupation

of that I am np ways disabled by lamenels, but

have the perfect use of my limbs; that I ant not subject to fits, have no rupture, am no apprentice, nor belong to his Majesty's other forces either of army, navy, or marines; and I do further sincerely promise »n<| swear, That I will be faithful and bear true allegiance to his majesty King and that will

faithfully serve his Majesty ip Britain and Ireland, and the islands of Guernsey, str/ey, and Alderney, for the defence of the same for the period of Eve years, and further until six months after the termination of any war iq which this kingdom may at the expiration of the said period be engaged, by the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, unless I shall be fooooer discharged. As witness my hand, this day of the regular forces.

By whom the which oath may be administered in like manner, and by such and the same persons, as any oath may be administered to any men raised under the said recited act of the last session of parliament, or to any men enlisted in any of his Majesty's regular Men to be at- forces; and every such man shall be attested in like manner, and tested at for by fuc(, persons as any man may be attested for his MajestyY regular forces, so far as such artestation, or any certificates relating thereto, can be made to apply to the service of any man in the-additional force under this act.

His Majesty

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful men here- <M for his Majesty, from time to time to cause the private nun toforeor here- heretofore raised, or that fttall hereafter be raised to serve in after raised such additional force, to be formed into additional or reGerved he formed battalions; to be attached, (where circumstances will admit of S^aUon»?tobe same), to any regiments or battalions of his Majesty's re-be attached to gutar forces, bearing the name of the county, or counties in battalions of which such additional force shall have been raised, or into fc the regular parate battalions, not attached to any other regiment or b*-

feraatebat-0 ta^on: provided always, that in any case in which the men taiions not so raised to serve for any county, or any proportion thereof, cannot attached, itc. conveniently be attached to any such battalion bearing the name of any such county or counties, it shall be lawful for his Majesty to attach the same separately, or with any other men raised in any other county, to any other battalion of his Majesty's re*. gular army, as flull appear to his Majesty to be moil proper.

L

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 56. 243

XXX. And be it further enacted, That none of the said men, Men not to be to to raised by virtue of this act, Audi be compellable or com- compellable to pelied, on any pretence whatever, to serve out of the United certain Umiu. Kingdom, and the islands of Guimfyk strfey* and Aldefney^ uri-

less tjicy shall freely and voluntarily enlist in any of his Majesty's forces for general service, and shall bare been for that purpose previously and duly dischirged from their service in the additional force to be raised by virtue of this act.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful His Majesty for his Majesty to appoint such officers and noo-commissioned ayappoint officers to command and discipline such regiments^ battalions,

or corps, as his Majesty shall think fit; and every such officer, fioned officers, and every non-commissioned officer and drummer, ip any such who, as well regiment, battalion, or corps, and every such private man, from the time of his being' (Worn as aforesaid, and during the time j^t^muuny for which such force shall remain embodied, as well as the ad- iaw$4'ditional force to be raised by virtue of this act, shall be subject to all the provisions, rules, regulations, pains, and penalties as well pains of death as others, as are or may be contained in any act of parliament then in force for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters; and any articles of war made in pursuance thereof; and all the provisions, powers, authorities, pains, penalties, and forfeitures, as well pains of death as others, contained in every such act and articles of war, shall be in force with respect to the additional force to be raised by virtue of this act, and shall extend toU officers, non-commissioned officers, drummers, and private men of the same, in all cases whatever.

XXXII. Provided always, and berit further enacted, That Term for

no part of the force to be raised or maintained under this act which the men

(such men only as shall have enlisted for general service excepted), shall remain embodied for more than six months after the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, unless in pursuance of any act or a£k$ of parliament which may be hereafter patted

for that purpose.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That at the expiration Inspectors-ge-of such vespective periods within which any man may be found ner^to fend. and provided by the churchwardens or overseers of the poor of quarter-fcf- any parish as aforesaid, or as soon after as the same can be done, fions, certi-the said, inspectot-general or his deputy shall from time to time ficatesof de-traosmit to the justices of the peace or magistrates assembled at y^ndes who the several general quarter-sessions of the peace, held for

respective counties in England, certificates of the deficiencies penalty, &c. and vacancies that remain to be filled up in their respective counties; and such justices of the peace, or the magistrates. assembled at such sessions, shall assess the penalty ^of twenty pounds for each private man so certified to be deficient as aforesaid; and every such penalty may and shall be assessed and apportioned as to the parishes or united parities which shall have made default according to the provisions of the said act relating to the militia, and.stall be recovered as directed by this atf, and

r 2 applied

z44

Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 56. [1804.

applied towards the raising the men for such additional force: provided always, that if at any time after any such penalty shall have been assessed and paid as aforesaid, and before such notice shall have been given of any recruit having been raised as: aforesaid, a man shall be found and provided by the churchwardens or overseers of such parish or united parimcs, to supply the deficiency in respect of which such penalty was ailefled and paid, then and in such case three-fourth parts of the amount of such penalty shall, under the order of the secretary at war or his deputy, be applied towards the payment or discharge of any other fine or fines due from such parish or united parishes, or if no fines shall be due, then (hjdl be paid to the overseers of the poor for the relief of the poor of such parish or united parishes. Separaterates

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after to be made for the passing of this Aact, no fines or penalties assessed on aoy parish, StteT^ from ky reason of any default in not having provided or produced any which certain men for such additional force, according to the provisions of persons shall this act, shall be paid out of the poor's rates; but in every such be exempted. case a separate, distinct, and special rate shall be made for the payment of such fines, in such and the like manner, and according to such and the like rules and regulations as any rate may be made for the relief of the poor, and shall and may be collected, levied, and recovered by such and the like powers as any rate raised for the relief of the poor may be collected, raised, levied, and recovered: provided always, that every person serving in any volunteer or yeomanry corps, and entitled under aoy aft relating to volunteer or yeomanry corps to any exemption, and every person who shall be now serving, or who shall during the present war have served either personally or by substitute as a private man in the militia or any additional force under the said recited act of the last session of parliament, whole assessment in any rate for the relief of the poor shall be mad4 on any property not exceeding in annual value according to the valuation on which such rate shall be made, the sum of twenty pounds,

shall be wholly exempt from such rate; and every such person

whole assessment shall be made on any such property, exceeding in annual value as aforesaid such sum of twenty pounds, shall by reason of such service be exempt as to such property to the amount of such sum of twenty pounds, and be ratted in such rate only to the amount by which such property shall exceed such annual sum of twenty pounds as aforesaid; and if any person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any such rate as aforesaid, such person may appeal to the next general or quarter sessions, in such manner as is provided in cases of appeals against rates for the relief of the poor,

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all fines, and also all arrears of fines, and all moieties of fines, paid or to he paid under any acts relating to the militia, or such additional force as aforesaid, and remaining in the hands of any person or persons whatsoever, and also all monies remaining in the hands of any clerks of fobdivision meetings, or any other persons what-

Ibcvcr,

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter fef-boat.

Recovery of hues, &c.

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 56. 24$

fever, arising from any half part or residue of any Turns of money paid by or on account of any person ballotted to serve in the militia or such additional force as aforesaid, for the engaging of any substitute or volunteer to be enrolled in his stead, and not subsequently paid over to the persons entitled to receive the same, pursuant to the directions of the acts relating thereto,

shall be debts to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and may be recovered as such, or in manner directed by this act, or may be levied under any act or acts relating to the militia or the said recited act Of the last session of parliament, and shall be transmitted, font, and paid to the receiver-general of the county, and Hull Iks paid over by such receiver-general to the order of the Secretary at war, for the benefit of such person or persons as may be iuftly entitled to the same.

XXXVI. And be it farther enaderf. That all such half parts Application or residues of any such Aims of money as aforesaid, remaining in of residue of the hands of any clerks of subdivision-meetings, or of any other person or persons whatever, arising out of any monies paid by c\tvk* of sub-or on account of any person ballotted to serve in the militia, or division-meet-the additional force raised under the said recited act of the last session of parliament, for the engaging of any substitute or volunteer to be enrolled in his stead, and not subsequently paid over to the person entitled thereto, shall, in all cases in which the person so entitled thereto shall have been discharged as unfit for service, or have deserted, go and belong to the parish, tything, or place, for which, such man shall have been enrolled to serve, and shall, by the order of the secretary at war, or his deputy, be paid to the overseers of the poor of such parish, tything, er place; and all such Turns of money, when paid to such over-leers, and also all Aims of money arising from any moieties of any fines or penalties that shall, after the expiration of twenty-one days after the passing of this act, remain in the>hands of any overseers of the poor of any parish, tything, or place, under the said recited acts, shall go and be applied in aid of the poor rates of such parish, tything, or place, towards the payment of any fines or assessments under this act, and the surplus, if any, shall be carried to the account of the said rates.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in every case in Mode of re-which any such assessments shall not be made by such justices of the peace or magistrates, pursuant to the provisions of this act, ntdcbj juf-&nd in every case in which any treasurer of any county shall tices, monies neglect or omit to pay any sums of money from time to time received by received by him in respect of any such assessments to any re- county-tree^ ceiver-general within twenty-one days after the receipt thereof; by*

and also in every case in which any overseers of the poor of any overseers, parish, tything, or place, shall refuse or neglect to raise any fines, &c, money required to be raised for the payment of any such assessment, within twenty-one days after the date of such assessment; and also in every case in which any such clerks of subdivision-meetings, or other persons whatsoever, having in their handsny such moieties of fines, or h*lf parts or residues of such Aims

£46 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. $6.

[1^04

of money as aforesaid, shall not, within twenty-one days after the passing of this act, pay the same to such respective receivers-general as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for his Majesty's court of exchequer, and the same court is hereby authorised, on the application of his Majesty's attorney-general, by motion to the said court, in a summary way, to hear and determine on the matter of such application; and if, on notice of such application to the clerk of the peace, or treasurer of the county, riding, division, 9'ity, town, or place, or overseers of the poor of the parish, tything, or place, in respect of which default shall have been made, or to the clerk of subdivision-meetings, or other persons aforesaid, in relation to whom such application shall have been made, as the case may require, no sufficient cause shall be shewn for such default, neglect, or omittion as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said court of exchequer to fine any such county, riding, division, stewartry, city, town, parish, or place, or treasurer, overseer of the poor, or clerk of subdivision-meetings, or other person as aforesaid respectively, in any sum not exceeding double the amount of the sum that ought to have been afiefled, or paid, or levied, or accounted for, as the case may be, and to cause the same to be levied by dtftringas, or other prdeefs applicable to the nature of the case* according to the rules and v p rad ices of such court.

If meetings

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That arCh*0t hCld^through the neglect or mistake of any lieutenant or deputy-riod herein^6" h*ut*nants, or of any clerk of any general meeting, or other

Jirescribed, officer or person, or from any other cause, any meeting required

pectal meet-. to be held for any of the purposes of this act, shall not be held }"? may^within the period herein prescribed, a Special meeting may and ft cn, &c. ^a||^summoned and holden, for the purposes for

which any such meeting ought to have been holden pursuant to this act, -as soon after such period as may be; and if any act, matter, or thing, by this act required to be done at any meeting as aforesaid, shall not be performed at such meeting, it shall be lawful for the persons respectively authorised and required to do, any stich ad, matter, or thing, to carry the same into execution at any subsequent meeting; and all such meetings so summoned as aforesaid, and all acts, matters, and things respectively, which shall be done and performed at any such meetings as aforesaid, shall be as good, valid, and effectual, to all intents and purposes, as if such meetings had been summoned, and such acts, matters, and things, had been done pursuant to the directions of this act.

Provisions relating to counties to extend to ridings, &c.'and relating to hundreds to extend to other diyi*

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all provisions, directions, clauses, matters, and things whatever, in this act contained, relating to counties, shall extend, and be construed to extend, to all ridings, divisions, cities, towns, and places; and all provisions, directions, clauses, matters, and things, in this act contained, relating to hundreds, (half extend, and be cofl-strued to extend, to all rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other dl-vifidns-in or to any such county, riding, division, city, town, or

c nlace;

z8o4-} Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 247

place; and all provision, directions, clauses, matters, and things, in this act contained relating to parishes, shall extend, and be construed to extend, to all united parishes in every case in which any parishes tpay be united for the purposes of this act, and to all townships, tythings, and places, and to all extra-parochial places united therewith, for the purposes of this act or any ad relating to the militia, or to any additional force raised under any act or acts of the last session of parliament, as fully and amply as if they were severally and respectively repeated in every such provision, diyedion, and dause, and with relation ta every such mattet^or thing.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all the powers, pro- Powers of vifees, rules, regulations, forfeitures, penalties; clauses, matters, recited act and things, contained in the said act of the forty-second year* his present Majesty's reign, or in any 6ther ad relative to the {££ to militia, or in the said recited act of the last session of parliament, for raising and assembling an additional military force in iha.ll, in so far as the same are not hereby altered, varied, or repealed, or other and different provisions made in relation to < such additional force, or tl\e additional force under Wt» ad, be applied and practised for the purposes of this act, and as to the additional force required by this act, in as full and ample k manner as if the said powers, provilbes, rules, regulfeioifr, for* feitunfs, penalties, clauses, matters, and things, were sgaifc repeated and enacted in this act.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That none but not to the of the provisions or clauses in the said acts or any. or either of riving any al. them contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the IhTtv^es or authorising, allowing, or giving any allowances 'or fuftjs of faLlies of money, or provision for the wives or families of any men men raised raised for the additional force- under this act, after the passinfcfter P*0* thereof. ^a^'

XLLT. And be it further enacted, That this act may be Act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any act or acts to bepaffed in this a, t*reJ* ?f r<" (f2w of parliament, .'$£*

SCHEDULES

*48 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III./ c. 56. [1804.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

Schedule [A.]

ACCOUNT of Inspeaor-Generel of the ARMY of RESERVE for of

Men received - 500 Quota» 65°

Men discharged as unfit 60 Effe&ives who are

now ftrying, or who have entitled

Dead - -'» ao for General Ser-

vice - - 39S

Deserted -w

- IIO Deficiency - 260

390 n 1

G. A. Inspector-General of Army of Reserve. ort

- £ Deputy Inspe&or-General of Army of Relerve.

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 56. 249

Schedule [B.]

s

SUBDIVISION of'in th*

County, of'<

j f Tythinga, Names of Men. > Date of Enrolment. Penalties and Fines paid.

or " Places. Principals, Substitutes.*Volunteers.

Hackney tflington Sam1 Joqcs Tho» Smith -£dwd Smith Will" Gray - 1 John Na(h - John Merks Y April 2. m <0>

Totals - »^'

(Signed) A.B. Clerk to Subdivision-Meetings.

Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 56. [1804.

Schedule [C-]

RETURN of Clerk of General Meetings of Lieutenancy o/the County of

Quota of County 650.

Subdivision of A, Quota z8. Subdivision of B, Qjiota % 4J Subdivision of C. Quota 31. '

P*ri<h of C, zo» Parish of E. $. Parish of P. xi.

Men raised jmd enrolled. Discharged. Dead. Men raised and dprolled Discharged. Dead. Defarted. Men raised and enrolled. Dif barged. Dead. pdertci

A.B. C.D. E.F. G.H. I.K. L.M. k \*1

6 I I X

Parish of D. 8.

a.b: C. D E.F. G.H. Parish of

4 I I 1

A

A.B.

Clerk to General Meetings.

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 56. 051

Schedule [D.]

CERTIFICATE of the Deputy Lieutenants of tb»v of

Total Quota of the of O O0

Subdivision of B. Quota 740

PARISHES. awsat Men nriferi and carolled. Dtfchaifced Dead. feefcxted. (/cMieiCj* Meo cm tided in Ann 7.

A.B. C. 1 -s

Totals -

Subdivision of £ - - Quota Ss.

FUtlSHCS. Ob Men ratted and enrolled. DilSurged. Dead. Deserted. Deficiency. Men eniiftedin Atjny*

A.B. a - j - /

Totals - s

Confirmed (Signed) ££} Deputy-Lieutenant*.

Lieutenant.

N. Bo Where new Appointments have been made the new Quotas must be (petrified, because Deficiencies arising from Vacancies will be altered in consequence.

252 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 56. [1804.

Schedule [E.]

LIST of Hundreds and Parities, 'in the Order in which Men are to be. recruited for the Year 1805, or (as the case may be.) "'...

Subdivision of D. t

i- Hundred of C. », or Rape of C. [as tht case may te.]3* Hundred of M, 4- - Hundred of P. \ s J 1

1. Parish of E. a. - - of F. j. - of 6. 4.-.of t. Parish of P.*- - - Q 3. - F. 4. - M. 5. - AT. 1* Parish of 2» - 3. - 4. - 5.

Hundred of M.1 1 1 1 1 vO is.Hundred of

8. - -.r. 9*A io,.

Parish of L. - -0. 1. Parish of 2. - r 3- 4* -5. - -.6. - r f 1

Ascertained by Bailot, at a General Meeting of Lieutenancy of the abort County, held at on the Day of 180

Signed, / B:

Clerk of General Meetings.

A

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 57958. 253

CAP. LVII.

h act to

exempt from duties on export all limns of tie mansfoRurt of the United Kingdom.

[June 29, 1804.]

WHEREAS tie inttrejls of tie empire require that every W practicable encouragement should be given to the linen menu-1dure thereof: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may je enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiri-ktl and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and No duty to fer the passing of this act, no duty whatever shall be payable h* payableoit the export of any linen of the manufacture of any part of |-f^xpoit "^: United Kingdom; but that all linen of the manufacture of United Kingdom shall and may be exported free to any x whatsoever, and without payment of any custom, fubfrdy, r duty whatlbvcr; any thing contained in any act or a£U to the Dtrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

t

CAP. LVIII.

aB for directing certain publick accounts of Ireland to be kid annually before parliament.

[June 29, 1804.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the publick accounts {/'Ireland should be prepared and mode ready add laid, before both houses y parliament unthin a limited time after the close of each year; may jk therefore please your Majesty that it may be ertacted; and b6 Itenacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with put advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and Yommons, in this present.parliament assembled, and by the:

authority of the same, Thar, from and after the fifth day rfThetreafiiry January one thousand eight hundred and five, the lords-commissioners for executing the office of lord-high treasurer of Ire- publick ac-Jdnd for the time being ft^all annually cause an account of the counts to be total publick income of Ireland % including all its ordinary reve- anauaDy xtues and extraordinary revenues, to be prepared and made out ^Pa<v" for one year, ending the fifth day of January in each year, for U gether with an account of the income of the consolidated fund of Ireland for every such year, and of the actual payment thereon within the said year, and of the future annual charge upon the said fund, as the same flood on that day; and also an annual account of the net produce of the taxes within the said year; and also an account of the arrears and balances due from all publick accountants on the said fifth day of January in each year; and also an account of the exports and imports of Ireland» and of the shipping registered in or belonging to the several ports of Ireland, within the said year; and also an account of the publick expenditure* of Ireland within the said year; and also an account of the publick funded debt of Ireland and the teduction thereof; and also an account of the unfunded and

outstanding

Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. $9. [1804.

outstanding debts of Ireland, as the same stood respectively on the fifth day of January io each year} and aUo an account, shewing how the monies riven for the service of Ireland for t&c year preceding the said fifth day of January have been difrofed of; and also an account of the receipts and issues of the treasury of Inland within the said year, together with the balance thereof at the end of the said year; and that the said lords-com- < xnissioners shall in each year cause such account to be laid before both houfts of parliament, on or before the fifth day of M&& in each year, if parliament shall be then fitting, or if p*rli>-snent shall not be then fitting, within fourteen days after the next fitting of parliament,

CAP. UX.

fin act to indemnify solicitors, attornies, and others, who have ntr-j lifted to enter certificates within the time limited by an eft nek \ in the thirty seventh year of his present Majesty \ and to amendji much of the said act as relates to 'the entering such certificates [June ig, 1504..]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the twenty-fifth year $f th^reign of his present Majesty, intituled An for granting

?£*° his Majesty certain duties on certificates to be taken out by

solicitors, attornies, and others* practising in certain courts of justice in Great Britain, and certain other duties with refcsdu warrants, mandates, and authorities, to be entered or nled of record as therein mentioned, certain duties were granted on certificates to he taken out by any felicit ir % attorney, notary, proctor, ogut or procurator, of his admission, enrolment, or register, in tiny of th courts therein mentioned: and whereas by another act, pafjediniU 37 Geo. 3. thirty seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An

c. 90. act for granting to his Majesty certain stamp-duties on the k-

veral matters therein mentioned, and for better securing the duties on certificates, to be taken out by solicitors, attornies, and others, practising in certain courts of justice in Great Britain, it was enacted, that, from and after the time in the fold frj recited act mentioned\ every person admitted\ sworn, enrolled, cr rt giftered a solicitor, attorney, notary, proctor, agent or procurator, i % any of his Majestfs courts at Westminster, or in any other oj A courts in the fata aft specifiei, should annually, between the first lej of November and the end of Michaelmas term then next filming during such time as he should continue to practise in any of tit jail courts, or before such person should commence, carry on, or defender* action or suit, or any proceedings whatsoever in any of tbt fai courts, denver in to the person or persons in the said loft recited act in that behalf mentioned, a paper or note in writing to thttfift therein directed*, and that thereupon and upon payment of themul imposed by the said act passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, every such person should be entitled to such eertiji-cate as in the said recited act is mentioned; and that every certifau Jo to be obtained, should be entered in one of the courts in utbith th

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 59. >55

frrftn itscribed therein JbouU bo admitted, enrobed, fwern, or regifi

It'd, with the proper officer or officers of the fold counts, within

tb* time therein before defcrihei, before such persons JbouU be adU

Wti to praaife; and whereas fevered of the persons who by the faii

kj recited aR are repaired to obtain and enter the certificate therein

Irationed, have, without aery intention to defraud his Majesty's re*

ume, negJeRed or omitted to obtain and enter the said certificate

Mil the time limited by the said last mentioned aQ\ by reafm

Vbtrtof such persons have incurred the penalty thereby imposed, and

OnsubjeR to actions for the same, notwithstanding the y have after.

bnrdi obtained and entered such certificates and pend the duty thereon:

mi whereas same afliont nave been commenced and are depending,

yd ether aQions mty be commenced against such persons for the re-

Usury of penalties incurred by them: and whereas it is expedient

Jkf nftef JbouU be given in the cases before mentioned, and that the

|pi all Jbeuld he amended, as far as tfre same relates to the time of

rntry rf such certificates: may it therefore please your Majesty

put it may be eroded; and be it eroded by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the

lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par-

shment assembled, and by the authority of the same, That Persons negu

Eere any person who by the said last recited act is required to er his certificate in the Cud ad mentioned, shall have neg- J^ficatei led or omitted to enter the same within the time prescribed pursuant to the said act, but who shall nevertheless afterwards, and before 37 Geo. 3. ittecommencement of any action for recovery of the penalty? 9°* daposed by the said act for such neglect or omission, have en- jfenSred*' teed or shall enter such certificate in manner therein directed, before next /ponded that such ceriifibate hath been obtainod in manner Hilary term, lad time by the said recited act directed, and shall he entered 'On or before the commencement of Hilary term next ensuing,

<t iweinafter mentioned and directed, then and in every such case every such person shall be and is hereby indemnified, freed,

-aid discharged from and against all penalties, forfeitures, incapacities, and durabilities incurred or to be incurred for or by reason of such his neglect or omission as aforesaid; and all acts done by such person shall iri such case be of the same force and validity as the same or any of them should have been in case such person had entered the said certificate within the time and in manner by the said last recited act limited and directed*

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any action or In action*, action* shall before the passing of this act have been brought or tefore passing commenced against any person or persons, for or by reason of such neglect or omission as aforesaid, and which person or per- penalties for font Dull have obtained and entered his or their certificates in neglect, the manner directed by the said last-recited act before the com- plaintiff* to mencement of such action or actions, that then such person or cofo^anTau persons shall not be liable to the payment of any penalty for or additional on account of such neglect or omissionj and the plaintiff or sum of 10l. plaintiffs in such action or actions shall not recover or be entitled to recover, in respect thereof, more than his or their

coils

z$6 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 60. [1864.

cods which piay have been actually incurred in such action, or actions up to the twenty-third day of January one thoubnd eight hundred and four, to be taxed by the proper officer of the court wherein such action or adfons shall have been brought, together with the further sum of ten pounds in addition to such coils; and the person or persons against whom any such adiou shall have been brought, shall, upon payment or tender-made to the said plaintiff or plaintiffs, or to the attorney or attornies employed in prosecuting such action or motions, of the costs so taxed as aforesaid, and of the said additional sum of ten pounds as aforesaid, be wholly indemnified, freed, and discharged from j and against all penalties and forfeitures incurred by reason of Jut no person any such pegledl or omission as aforesaid: provided always, finaljiXc- t^lat nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to ment than extend to indemnify any person against whom final judgement have been en- shall have been regularly otyained and entered up, on or before the said twenty-third day of January one thousand eight hun-Jan.3^1*04, ^rC{* anc* four*n anfn any of his Majesty's . courts of

shall be in-record brought for recovery of any penalty or penalties incurred damnified. by reason of any such neglect or omission as aforesaid.

Instead of the

III. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said act iftof Novem- made in the thirty-seventh year of the reign of his prefem certificates^ Majesty, as requires such certificate as aforesaid to be entered to be maden the manner in the said act mentioned before the end of any time be- Michaelmas term in the year in which the same shall be ob-'fore Hilary tained, shall be and the lame is hereby repealed; and that, tcnru from and after the passing of this act it shall be lawful for any person or persons, who by the said last-recited a & is or are required to obtain such certificate, " in any year after the first day of November, to enter the same at any time before the' commencement of Hilary term then next following; and every certificate so entered as last aforesaid shall be as good, valid, and effectual, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as if the same had been entered within the time for that purpose limited by the said last recited act.

CAP. LX.

An act for the preventing of bribery and corruption in the election of member: to ftrve in parliament for the borough of Aylesbury hi the county ^Buckingham.

[June 29, 1804.]

WHEREAS there was the most notorious bribery ami corruption at the last election of burgeffas to serve in parliament for the borough of Aylesbury in the county of Buckingham: and whereas such bribery and corruption is likely to continue and be froc* tifed in the said borough in future, unless same meant are tetktn to prevent the Jame: in order, therefore, to prevent such unlawful prat-tiers for the future, and that the said borough may from henceforth be duly reprefanted in parliament; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lord's spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present

parliament

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 60. 2 57

prliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That Persona hav- from henceforth it shall and may be lawful to and for every, n£*freehold freeholder, being above the age of twenty-one years, who shall threehunt I have within the three hundreds of Aylesbury, or one or more of dreds of them, in the county of Buckingham, a freehold of the clear Aylesbury of t yearly value of forty (trillings, to give his vote at every eledionYcajfy*of a burgess or burgesses to serve in parliament for the said vote at°,

\ borough of Aylesbury. elcaions for

II. And be it further enacted, That the right of elefiion of Aylesbury.

I-1 member or members to serve in parliament for the said Right of t'-borough of Aylesbury shall be and is hereby declared to be in fh*i°n to be v such freeholders as aforesaid, and in the persons who, by

custom and usage of the said borough, have or shall hereafter persons hav-fbave a right to vote at such election 5 and the proper officer for ing a right > the time being, to whom the return of every writ or precept by custom of does belong, is hereby required to return the person or persons of a ^fbury to serve in parliament for the said borough who shall have theto Vote,

'major number of votes of such freeholders, and other persons Having a right to vote at such election; any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding: provided always, 4* that such freeholders only shall be entitled to vote as shall be duly qualified ho vote at elections for knights of the shire for the said county w Buckingham, according to the laws now in being for regu-Nating county elections.

III. And be it further enacted, That every such freeholder, Freeholders, 'before he is admitted to poll at any election for the said*"£ borough, shall, if required by the candidates, or any of them, f°Uow* c or any other person having a right to vote at the said election,

: £tfttake the oath, or, being one of the people called Quakers* thelblemn affirmation following; videlicet,

*T DO swear, [sr, being a Quaker* solemnly affirm,] That 1 Oath.

1 am a freeholder in the three hundreds of Aylesbury* or any one or more of them, in the county of Buckingham* and have a freehold estate, consisting of [/?*!/}*£

the nature thereof; and, if it confifis in messuages, lands* tenements, tr tjthts, in whose occupation the same are; and* if in rent* the neats of the owners or possessors of the tenements out of which such unt is iffidng* or of some of them], f&tuate, lying, or being at in the aforesaid hundreds, or in one or more of them, of the clear yearly value of over and abovq

all rents and charges payable out of or in respect of the same; and that I have been in the afiual possession or receipt of the rents and profits thereof, for my own use, above twelve calendar months [or*bat 'the same came to me within the time aforesaid by itfunty marriagty marriage settlement, devise* or promotion to a benefice in a church* or by promotion to an office]* and that such freehold estate has not been granted or made to me fraudulently on purpose to qualify me to give my vote; and that the place of my abode is at in and that I am

twenty-one years of age, as I believe; and that have noc been polled before at this elediion.'

Vol. XLV. S Which

&5& Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 6r. ^1804.

Which oath or solemn affirmation the proper officer to whom the return of any writ or precept for such election Khali belong, Penah', for is hereby required to administer; and in case any freeholder or taking a false othCr person taking the said oath or affirmation hereby appointed, Khali thereby commit wilful perjury* and be thereof convicted; or if any person Khali unlawfully and corruptly procure or suborn any freeholder or other person to take the said oath or affirmation, in order to be polied, whereby he shall commit such wilful perjury, and shall be thereof convicted, he and they for every such offence respectively shall incur such penalties as are inflicted on persons guilty of perjury or fuboraathm of perjury in and by two acts of parl: ament, one made in the fifth year of the reign of queen Elizabeth, intituled An act for punishing fy.h persons as shall procure or commit wilful perjury, or suborn or procure any person to commit any wilful or corrult ptrju7, and the other made in the second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the mart effectuul preventing and further punishmeni of forgery, perjury, and subor nation of perjury, and to make it felony to Jleal bonds, notes, v other securities for payment of money, contrary to the said acts. Proper officer

IV. And be it further enacted, That such proper officer to to on whom any writ or precept shall be directed for making any

anVekdion c^C(*on for feM borough, shall, upon the receipt of such the day of his writ or precept, indorse upon the back thereof thedayoN.il receiving it, receipt thereof, in the presence of the party from whom here* and proceed ceived such precept, and shall forthwith cause publick notice to withhiVcer^n S*vcn within the said borough of Aylesbury, and the sevenl tain period, towns of Great Miffendm, IVendwer, and Haddenham % by affixing up a notice thereof in writing on the market-houses, or on it* doors of the churches of the said towns, of the day of eleflior, and shall proceed to election thereupon within the space of twelve days, and not less than eight days next after his receipt of the same precept.,

Act to be V. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be pub*

read before Jkkly read at every election for the said borough of Aylejkn ^ededioa.10 immediately after the acts directed by any act of parliament to be read thereat, and before the persons present shall proceed to make such election.

CAP. LXI.

An act to amend two acts, made in the eighteenth and thirty-ninft.years of his orefent Adverty, for the errfting a court-house for the holding of sessions of the peace in the city of Westminster) and for purchasing certain buildings and ground between Saint Margaret* Itrect, (Jnioo-street, and King.street, in the said city, for theufcuf the publick.

[June 19, 1804.]

Acts is Geo. v c. 7 & 19 Geo. 3. c. ft*.3 Geo. a. c. 14- recited. And whereas the of appointed by the said recited acts, passed in the eighteenth and thirty-ninth years of his present Majesty, have purchased, and agreed to ptmrhase, certain ground, houses, and prettifo, for the purpose of erefling a building for the holding the courts in the said acts mentioned on the foe thereof j and whereas the erefling of the

laid

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 259

laid courts on such ground* and the resort of persons to such courts, would incommode the approach to the two houses of parliament* and produce oonfidevable inconveniences i and whereas the dean and chapter of the coihgiate church of Saint Peter in Westminster are willing to fell the fit* of the said market of the city of Westminster (which market haa fatten into disufc); and such site will be more convenient for the purposei of errfl hag such boil ding for holding the said courts: and whereas the eommrffloners appointed by the said recited acts are willing to fell the ground, houses, and premises, already purchased and agreed to be pur-thafrcL, to his Majesty, and to purchase the site of the said market in lien thereof, and to erect the Lid court-house thereon: and whereas it is t^cflary that additional of should be appointed for carrying ko efitft the said recited acts. General of appointed who dmv fell the premises vetted in them to the special of mentioned in rhis act for his Majesty. General of may build the court-house on the flte of the market. General of not to (red other buildings than the court-house. Performance of covenant with Elizabeth Doughty. For purchase of buildings and ground between Saint Margaret-ftrtct, Union-street, and King-street, for the improvement of the access to the houses of parliament. Extending provisions of 41 Geo. 3. c. 13 Premifts conveyed by this act not to be granted or leased under acts relating to crown lands. Directing the application of coirpensation money. Where any question shall anfc, touching the title to money to be paid, the person who shall be in possession of the lands, &c. at the time of f'uch purchase shall be deemed entitled thereto according to such possession. Directing the court to order reasonable expenurs of purchases to be paid by the trustees. Publick act,

CAP. LXII.

An act for making further provision for making and maintaining an hi-

hnd navigation, commonly called The Caledonian Canal, from the Eastern to the Western Sea by Inverness and Fort William, in Scotland.

[June 29, 1804 ]

Act 45 Geo. 3. c. vos. recited. Grant of fifty thousand pounds. Com-ffilfoners to meet in the manner directed by the recited act, and for the pnTposes of this act, to exercise all the powers, and to observe all the directions given by the recited act. Commissioners may appoint officers and take security. Officers quitting or discharged, and executors of trol'e oying, to deliver up books, &c. Commissioners to settle accounts cf officers. Commissioners may make bye-laws. Subscriptions may be received. After the navigation mail be completed, of may fell fiiares. Produce of sales to be paid at the receipt of the exchequer.

Committee of subscribers to be appointed. New site of harbours forming either extremity of the navigation. Powers for making navigation. Loch Girry, Loch Quoich, or Qtpcta, and' Loch Arkeg to be embanked.

Houses, gardens, &c. not to be injured. Breadth of canal and towing pith. No building to be erected on the towing paths except for the navigation. If old roads are destroyed, new ones to be made. Plan and book of reference to be authenticated by the speaker of the house of commons, and deposited. Not to deviate from the plan more than one hundred and fifty yards. Bodies politick. See. empowered to sell and convey lands, it' parties cannot agree, price to be settled by a jury. Application of compensation-money. In case of not making out titles, orifptrfons cannot be found, purchase-money to be paid into the bank of Scotland. Rates of tonnage not to exceed twopence sterling per ton per mile. Mile-stones to be erected. Commissioners empowered to ieafe the rates. Navigation to be free upon payment of rdei. Drains to be made to convey water from the lands adjoining, for fencing off towing paths and makimr bridges, &c. Swivel or draw-bridgestobc (hut after vessels have passed. Works damaged by floods to be repaired by the commissioners. Land-owners may erect wharfs* fcc. Application of rates. Commissioners ndt to use private wharfs.

s a Penalty

[Publick act.]

[Double costs.]

Penalty not exceeding five pounds nor lets than forty shillings on persont taking in or unloading goods, unless at publick or private wharfs. Meters to put their names and number on the outude of boats. Vessels obstruCHng the navigation to be removed. Penalty on persons obstructing the navigation, opening locks, or rieftroyuig the works. Regulations for vessels passing locks. Rights of land-owners to the fishery preferred. Power for land*owners to use pleasure-boats. Miner referred to proprietors. Recovery of fines and forfeitures. Persons aggrieved by irregularity in distress to recover only the special damages. Appeal. Limitation of actions. General ifltie.

CAP. LXIII.

An act for vesting a capital me Ullage, with the appurtenances, Gtuate in Kevin-street, in the city of Dublin, called The Palace of the Archbishop of Dublin at Saint Sepulchre's, in his Majesty, his heirs, and successors; and for applying the purchase-money, together with another fun therein mentioned, in manner and for the purposes therein mentioned.

[June 19, 1804.]

CAP. LXIV.

An act to continue, until the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and five, the operation of an act passed in the last fettion of parliament, to suspend proceedings in actions, prosecutions, and pro*; ecedings under certain acts relating to the woollen manufacture, and also under an act of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, so far as the same relates to certain persons employed or concerned in the said manufacture, -[June 30, 1804.]

Act 4i Geo. 3. c. 136. continued to July.i, 1805.

CAP. LXV.

An act to continue, until the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and five, an act passed in the last fettion of parliament, fur continuing two acts, the one passed in the forty-second year of his present Majesty, for regulating the prices at which grain, meal, and flour, may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain; and the other made in the last fettion of parliament, for permitting the exportation of feed-corn from Great Britain to Ireland, sad the importation of malt into Great Britain from Ireland.

[July 3, 1804.]

CAP. LXVI.

An act for establishing and maintaining a permanent additional font for the defence of the realm^ and to provide for augmenting his Majesty's regular forces \ and for the gradual reduction of th militia of Scotland.

[July ic, 1804.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that a permanent additional font should he established and maintained, under regular officers^ for the defence of the realm % and for augmenting and supplying his Majesty's regular forces \ and that the militia of Scotland should bt gradually reduced, under certain restrictions and regulations, to tbt original quotas specified in an afi, passed in the forty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and* temporal, and commons* in this present^parliament

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 66. 261

parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That a permanent additional force shall be established ancTmaintained in Scotland, and shall be raised and completed in the manner by raffect, and the this act directed; and from and after the completion of such quota* of the additional force under this act, the quotas to be maintained and Several couiu supplied in the manner directed by this act, by each of thetici several counties in Scotland, shall be as follows; that is to say,

For the county of Edinburgh four hundred and forty-four;

For the city of Edinburgh tour hundred and thirteen;

For the county of Linlithgow'one hundred and twenty-five;

For the county of Haddington two hundred and five;

For the county of Berwick two hundred and seven; '

For the county of Peebles sixty;

For the county of Selkirk thirty-three;

For the county of Roxburgh two hundred and thirty-seven;

For the stewartry of Kirkudbright two hundred and one;

For the county of Wigton one hundred and fifty-nine;v

For the county of Ayr five hundred and eighty-one;

For the county of Renfrew five hundred and thirty-nine;

For the county of Lanark one thousand and two;

For the county of Stirling three hundred and fifty-one; -

For the county of Kinross forty-seven; #;

For the county of Fife six hundred and forty-five; '

For the county of Dunbarton one hundred and forty-three;

For the county of Bute eighty-one;

For the county of Argyle four hundred and eighty-five;

For the county of biverness five hundred and twelve;

For the county of Perth eight hundred and seventy-one;

For the county of Forfar six hundred and eighty-one;

For the county of Kincardine one hundred and eighty-one;

For the county of Aberdeen eight hundred and fifty-four;

For the county of Banff two hundred and thirty-nine;

For the county of Elgin one hundred and eighty-four;

For the county of Nairne fifty-seven;

For the county of Cromarty twenty-one;

For the county of Ross three hundred and sixty;

For the county of Sutherland one hundred and thirty-three;

For the county of Caithness one hundred and sixty-one;

For the county of Dumfries three hundred and seventy-nine;

For the county of Clackmannan seventy-five.

II. And be it further enacted, That in the several counties Men appear-and stewartries in which the full number of men required to bein?to be dc-raised by an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled, returns of An act to enable his Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble an derks Of additional military force in Scotland, for the better defence and fetu- general meet-rify of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous prosecution e/'?n?s to be the vjar, shall not have been raised pursuant to the provisions thereof respectively, the number of men that shall appear to be when the de-deficient upon the returns to be made under this act by the fidency (h*ll

clerks have been

264 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 66. [1804.

aforesaid, and shall at the same time transmit duplicates of such returns to the inspector-general as aforesaid, or his deputy, and shall also produce at such general meetings as aforesaid correct duplicates of such returns, together with any other papers, vouchers, and documents, relating to such additional force as aforesaid, as may be requisite to facilitate the investigation and comparison of such accounts and returns; and if any such

ne jea or for c^er^ om^ or ne6^ to ma^c or transmit any such

m^kfug falser return or duplicate, or to produce any such duplicate, as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully make any false return, such clerk shall forfeit and pay for every such offence the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered as any like penalty may be recovered under any ad relating to the militia.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any person or persons so appointed by the inspector?general or his deputy as aforesaid, and every such person and persons is

Penalty on clerks for

returns.

Persons appointed by inspector-general may in-

fix, in possession of clerk of general meetings.

Deputy-lieutenants to examine accounts of

cause a statement and certificate to be made out

spect returns, and are hereby authorised at any time after the patting of this r during the period of his or their being employed in the

execution of this act, at all seasonable times to insped, examine, and take copies of any returns, papers, books, vouchers or documents, relating to the levying or completing the said additional force, that may be in the custody or possession of the clerk of the general meetings of the county for which he or they shall have been appointed for the purpose aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the deputy-lieu-tenants of such respective counties or stewartries shall assemble at such special meetings as aforesaid, and adjourn such meetings the infoc&or- if necessary, so as that every such adjourned meeting shall be general, and held within (even days after the meeting immediately preceding; and shall carefully examine and compare the accounts of the inspector-general so transmitted as aforesaid, and the returns which shall be produced and laid before them by the wd c*er^s ^e gcnr*l meetings, and all other proper documents and one copy anc* vouc^ers that maybe produced at such meetings, by any to be sent to person or persons so appointed by the inspector-generS as afore, the inspector- said, together with all such returns, vouchers, papers, and do-general and cuments, as may be in the hands of the clerks of the general county^lieu- C mee*nSs relating to such additional force, and to the deficiencies tenant. that may exist therein and shall, after such examination and comparison as aforesaid, cause to be made out a statement and certificate in the form in the Ichedule to this act annexed, marked (D.), specifying the numbers of men that shall have been raised and enrolled in their respective counties or stewartries, and in the respective subdivisions and parifoes thereof, and the numbers of men so raised that shall have been discharged, and the numbers that shall have died or have deserted, and the numbers that shall have enlisted for general service; and the deputy lieutenants present at such meetings shall sign two of such (htements and certificates, and cause one thereof to be forthwith transmitted to the said inspector-general or his deputy,

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 66* 265

and the other thereof to be transmitted to the lieutenants or their vice-lieutenants of such respective counties and stewartries.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Lieutenants any lieutenant or vice-lieutenant to whom any such statement cau1e..ani certificate shall be transmitted as aforesaid, who shall fee meetbgsTo rtifon to apprehend that the same is erroneous or defective, or be summoned who shall receive his Majesty's directions, to be communicated forre-exa-

i by one of his principal secretaries of date for that purpose, to ictufe another special meeting of deputy lieutenants to be sum* £C, Cment5* moned to meet within fourteen days to re-examine the fame$ and the deputy lieutenants at such meeting, together with any person or persons so appointed by the inspector-general as aforesaid, shall meet and re-examine such statement and certificate and examine any further information that may be laid before them in relation thereto, and confirm or alter the same as they (hill fee fit; and such deputy lieutenants shall sign two of the fbtements and certificates so confirmed or altered, and cause one thereof to be forthwith transmitted to the inspector-general or his deputy, and the other thereof to be transmitted to such lieutenant or vice-lieutenant as aforesaid; and every such lieutenant or vice-lieutenant shall, on the receipt of such first state-©ent and certificate, if he shall see no reason to apprehend that the same is erroneous or defestive, or if no directions shall have been communicated to such lieutenant or vicelieutenant respectively, through one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state, within fourteen days, or after such re- examination thereof as aforesaid, sign the same.

X. And be it further enacted, That, from, and after the Militia to be

expiration of twenty-one days after the passing of this act, the

militia raised in the several counties and stewartries in Scotland^ original*under an act passed in the forty-second year of his present quotas fpc- Majesty, relating to the militia, shall be gradually reduced, cified in a# in the manner and under and subject to the restrictions and re-a Geo. 3. gilations in this act contained, in each of the several counties c'

and stewartries in Scotland, to the original quotas in the said act specified as to such counties and stewartries respectively; and from and after fu: h reduction shall have taken place under this act, the numbers specified in the said act as the original quotas of such respective countjes and stewartries, exclusive of any supplementary militia, and no more, shall be supplied, and continue to serve for each of such counties and stewartries.

XL. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the

expiration of twenty-one days after the passing of this act, no°J[^Jor

man shall be ballotted or be enrolled to serve in the militia of moreis serv-

any county or stewartry, in which the number of men actually ing, no ballot

serving in the militia shall exceed or amount to such original tak* place b c r.t r 1 till the num-

quota as aforesaid, or for the supplying any vacancies then^j8 rc<juced

existing, or that may thereafter arise in such militia, until the below it.

militia of such county shall be reduced to the original quota

thereof specified in the acts relating to the militia.

this act, &c.

NumhcTcqu.il

XII. And be it further enacted, That in every county and stew-to deficiency artry in wfftch the full number of men required for the militia of (h^ri^rai?e5 county or stewartry shall not have been completed, or iry for additional which any vacancies that shall have arisen therein shall not have; force under been supplied, there shall be raised in manner in this act di* reelect, as soon after the expiration of such period of twenty-one days as aforesaid as the same can be done, for the additional force under this act, a number equal to the whole of the deficiency that shall then exist in the militia of such county or stewartry; and as often as any vacancies shall thereafter a life by the death, desertion, or discharge of any men serving in the militia of such county or stewartry, and until by means of such vacancies the militia of such county or stewartry shall be reduced to the original quota thereof, there shall be raised in like manner, according to the provision of this act, for the additional force under this aff, a number equal to the amount of such Lieutenantto vacancies; and the lieutenant, vice-lieutenant, or deputy-lieu-trA^minis- tenants every county or stewartry, city, or place, shall ters a notke" transmit, free or expence, to the minister of every parish bound in form in to supply any such deficiency or vacancy, a notice according to schedu!c(F.), the form in the schedule (F.) hereunto annexed, directing the it h? church"1^ heritors of such parish, by themselves or their agents, or some and cause a* person authorised by them, to fill up such deficiencies or vacin-copy to be cies in manner herein after mentioned; which notice every such affixed on the minister shall read, or cause to be read, in the church after church-door, divine service, before the congregation is dismissed, the first Lord's day after receiving the lame; and shall further cause true copy thereof to be affixed on the church-door the fam: day.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if °uou^ serv number of men a£hially serving for any county or ftevvarrr/ ing^the de-V" original quota of such county, then zrA

*" " in such case a number sufficient to complete such quota fljail

first be raised and enrolled in the militia of such county or

Where less than the original quota is ing, the ficier.cy ftvdl first be ratfed

for the militia, stewartry, according to the several acts relating to the militia. Je^Th^defr^

XIV. And be it father enacted, That, from and after the tion ifcc. tobe PanS' every vacancy that shall arise in any regi-

ctrtified by mcnis, baitalions, or corps, of such additional force, by desrh or desertion, or in confluence of any men being re-clatmed as deserters from his Majesty's other forces, or from the marine or militia, or by such men being claimed as apprentices, or becoming unfit for service, and being discharged accordingly, shall annually shall be forthwith certified by the commanding officer thereof to the inspector general aforesaid, who shall annually transmit to his Majesty's privy council the total number of such vacancies aforesaid that shall have arisen and been certified to him in the year ending on the first day of September in each year.

XV. And be it further cn-idled. That, from and after the passing of this act, there shall be raised in the several counties

and stewartries in Scotland, for the year ending on the first* J.sy

uc* tnfing by of 0Huber one thouLad eight hundred and five, towards (u: -

P')ir'S

the commanding officer to the »ifpe&or-g€-ner.il, who

transmit the numbers to the privy council.

Men to be

annually raisid to flip ply itn-

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 66. 267

plying the vacancies that have arisen in such additional force, men entitting

by reason of the enlisting of any persons enrolled therein inro tmo

Ms Majesty's regular forces, a further and additional number but^ounore

of one thousand eight hundred men; and after the expiration th..n t, 3co ia

of such year there shall, as soon after as the fjme can be done, one year.

be raised for the year beginning on the said first day of Q*t: ber

one thousand eight hundred and five, and ending on the first day of October one thousand eight hundred and six, for such

aJJiiional force, a number of men equal to the full number that

shall have enlisted into his Majesty's forces in the preceding

year, and in each and every succceding year a number of men

equal to the number that shall have enlisted into his Majesty's

regular forces in the then preceding year, shall in like manner

be raised for such additional force; provided always, that no

greater number than one thousand eight hundred men shall be

required to be raised for any one year, towards the supplying

any vacancies that shall have arisen by the enjifting of mea

from such additional force into his Majesty's regular forces in

any preceding year.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty's privy Privy council runcil shall cause such number of one thousand eight hundred rr.en, and also the number of men required to be raised in each {, e r^ed to succeeding year, for the supplying the vacancies arising from be apportion* the enlisting of men as aforesaid, together with the total ed among the amount of such vacancies as aforesaid, which shall have arisen in the course of the preceding twelve months in the several mhku ° counties and stewartries in Scotlandto be apportioned among quotas, and such counties according to the respective original quotas of men such numbers required at the time of making such apportionment, to be to

raised in such respective counties and stewartries, under the said naiit^am! ad, relating to the militia, and shall, as soon after such ap-notice given portionment shall have been made, as the same can be done, in the Edin-cause the numbers fixed and settled by such apportionment to bu, G; j-be transmitted to the respective lieutenants of the several coun- sum-

tics and stewartries in Scotland, or their vice-lieutenants, and shall uioueii, Sec. also cause notice thereof to be given in the Edinburgh Gazette, and such lieutenants or vice-lieutenants shall immediately summon general and subdivifiun-meetings of lieutenancy in their respective counties and stewartries; and the deputy lieutenants at such meetings shall divide and apportion the numbers so fixed and settled among the subdivisions, parishes, cities, or places, in their respective counties and stewartries, according to the provisions of any act relating to the militia, in order that such men may, as speedily as possible, be raised for the additional force under the provisions of this act; and for that Deputy-lteu-purpose such deputy lieutenants shall transmit, free of expenere, a notice in the form in the schedule (F.) hereunto annexed, torh-minir-the minifier of every parish within their respective subdivisions rers a notice within which such men are to be raised, which notice every such in form in minister shall read, or cause to be read, in the church after f^ednle (R). divine service^ before the congregation is dismissed, on the first i, chulch?

Lord'd and cause a

copy to be Lord's day after receiving the same; and shall further cause a a?xc u in the true jC0Py thereof to be affixed on the church-door the same

church-door.

church-door.

Men raised binder re: ited aft of last session to be deemed part of the force under this act.

Vacancies

Lord's day.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all men raised under the said recited act of the last session of parliament shall be deemed and taken to be part of the additional force under this act, and shall be maintained, supplied, and regulated, from and after the passing of this act, according to the provisions thereof,

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the arifeninaddi- expiration of twenty-one days after the passing of this act, no tionft Force Vacancies which shall have arisen in the said additional force

raised under the said recited act of the last session of parliament shall be filled up or supplied by ballot in the manner directed by the said recited aftj but all such vacancies, and

raised under recited act. See. shall be raised under the provisions of this act.

also all vacancies which shall at any time, after the passing of this act, arise in the additional force to be raised under the provisions of this act, by death or desertion, or in consequence of any men being re-claimed as deserters from his Majesty's other forces, or from the marines or militia, or by such men being claimed as apprentices, or becoming unfit for service, and being discharged accordingly, shall be supplied in the manner directed by this act; for which purpose a notice shall be transmitted to the ininifter of the parish, read in the church, and i copy thereof affixed on the door of the church in the manner herein-before directed, in the case of deficiencies or vacanciej to arise in the militia.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That so much of the fad recited act of the last session of parliament, as relates to the assessing or levying of any fines or -penalties on any counties, stewartries, or parishes, in respect of any men that shall net have been provided according to the provisions of the said recited act, shall be and the same is hereby repealedj and so much of the said act relating to the militia of Scotland, as relates to

vKling militia- the assessing or levying any fines or penalties for any default in aTtodefiden- noc having found and provided men for the militia, according ties, at pairing to the provisions of the said act, shall, from and after the this act, and passing of this act, be and the same is hereby repealed, as to all deficiencies existing at the time of the passing of this act, and also as to all vacancies that may hereafter arise in any county or stewartry, until the militia shall have been reduced to the original quota, according to the provisions of this act.

XX. And be it enacted, That as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this act, and before the expiration of ten days after the first of any such notice shall have been so read in the church as aforesaid, the heritors of each parish, or their agents, shall meet and assemblejn such manner as heritors in Scotland usually meet and assemble, for the purpose of appointing some person to provide and produce men for such parish, to be raised under the provisions of this act, and shall iroin time to time as often.as such appointment shall be recalied,

which

So much of recited act as relates to 2(Telling fines for men not provided according thereto, and for not pro-

futnre vacancies, till the militia shall be reduced to original quotas. Heritors to meet and appoint persons to provide men.

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 66. £69

which such heritors are empowered to do, or any such person shall resign or die, meet and assemble for the purpose of appointing t'dme such other person.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Heritor*, &c. lawful for the heritors of every parish, by themselves or their may produce agents, or any of shem, or for some person by them appointed for the purpose of providing men to be raised in the manner tional force, directed by this act, at any time within one month after such and shall be notice shall have been read in the church as aforesaid, and also 10

at any rime after such period, before any recruit shall have bounty' been provided by the commanding officer under the provisions of this act, to supply any deficiency or vacancy, to provide and produce to the persons appointed to receive men to be raised purfuam to this act, any person to serve in the said additional force; and the person appointed by such heritors as aforesaid* producing any man for such additional force, shall be entitled to receive such proportion of the whole bounty, to be allowed in respect of each man, as his Majesty shall from time to time by any regulations made in that behalf direct.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Such men every fitch man who shall be found and provided by any such rcfid<nt heritors, agents or person appointed by them, shall have been within certain ordinarily resident thirty days or more within the parish for limits* of which such man shall be found and produced, or in same other JJ'hjch parish in the same subdivision, or in/ome parish in the same certi£rares to county or stewartry, not more than twenty miles or in some the magis-adjoining county not more than ten miles distam from the trates attest-parish for which such man shall be found and produced, andn£ th*10»

Quit produce to the justice of the peace or magistrate before whom he shall be attested, a certificate of such residence from anyone of the elders of the parish in which he shall have so rended, which certificate such elders are hereby required to give; Penalty c? and if in case any elder when required shall neglect or refuse to fin^tVgive make out, sign, and deliver such certificate, to the man so found certificates, or provided, or shall knowingly make out and deliver a false or giving faifc certificate, such elder shall for every such offence forfeit and ones-pay any sum not exceeding five pounds nor less than twenty Hulling* sterling, at the discretion of the justice before whom he shall be convicted thereof, to be recovered as any like penalty may be recovered under the said recited a & relating to the militia*

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the No assessment parting of this a it shall not be lawful for the heritors of any ^ontobe^ parish, or any orher person or persons, to make, raise, or levy ma(je for jfU any assessment, or any subscription or subscriptior.s, or sum or during per-sums of money, or to give, advance, or promise, any sum or fons to enlist* sums of money to any person, for the purpose of inducing such person to enlist as a volunteer, or in any manner, in any such Penalty for additional force as aforesaid; and every heritor, agent, or giving or person appointed, or other person, who shall in any manner profiling pay, or give, or advance, to any person any sum or sums of ^ted

money, bou uy.

270 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 66. [1804.

money, or any bounty, gift, or reward, or who flull promise any sum or turns of money, or any bounty, gift, or reward, other than such bounty as shall be allowed and paid by cr under his Majesty's regulations, in that behalf, flull forfeit and pay for every such offence the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered, levied, paidi and applied, as any like penalty may bej recovered, levied, and applied, under the said act relating to the militia.

Collectors of

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall adVancelJub- for colIe<9or of the county or stewartry wherein

irWnct. to any person so enlisted shall reside, and such collector is hereby

enable men to required, to advance, out of any monies in his hands, to any march to the person so enlisted, producing to such collector an order to that rendezvous. esse(q? signed by any deputy-lieutenant, or any one justice of the peace of such county or stewartry for the subsistence of such men raised and provided for such force by any such parish, during his march to the place of rendezvous, any sum not exceeding the rare of pay at two shillings per day, of so many days as would enable such man to march from the place where he was raised to such place of rendezvous, to be calculated at the rate of not less than ten miles per day, with the usual number of halting days: provided always, that all sums of money so advanced in rerpe& of any man that shall be approved and at. tested for such additional force, shall be repaid to the collector who shall have advanced the same, by the officer appointed fer receiving such men.

His Majesty

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful may appoint for his Majesty to appoint a convenient place or places of ren-rendezvous dezvous in every county and stewartry in Scotland, for the men and officers'to to for such additional force, and to appoint at every such place of rendezvous an officer specially author! fed by his Majesty or the commander in chief of his Majesty's forces for the time being, to approve or rejedi the men prodbeed and provided under this act, according and subject to such regulations as his Majesty shall from time to time establish for (hat purpose, and such officers may approve of or reject any such men accordingly; and every officer rejecting any such man shall forthwith certify the same to the clerk of the subdivision-meer-ings of the subdivision for which such man shall have been produced, and also to tire inspector-general aforesaid or hi* deputy.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That such bounty as his Majesty shall direct, not exceeding three-fourths of the bounty that shall be from time to time allowed by his Majesty for recruiting the infantry for general service, shall be allowed and paid in respect of every man who shall be provided or raised to fervn in such add tional force under this act $ and so much of such bounty shall be paid to every such mao, at such times and places, and in such proportions, as to any advance of any part therejf, and in such manner, and under and subject to such regulations as his Majesty shall, by any regulations from time

to

approve or reject men, who shall certify rejections to the clerk of the subdivision, and the inspector-gtneral.

Bounty to be paid under Inch regulations as his Majesty shall direct.

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 66* 271

to time made in that behalf, be pleated to order and direct; and it shall be lawful for the lords of of his Ma- Treasury may jesty's treasury, or any three of them, to order the receiver-order the general for Scotland or the collector of the cess of any county or lie war try, to advance and pay any sum or films of money Scotland or for or in respect of any such bounties, or any advances in county-col* respect thereof, as may be necessary, out of any publick monies Ic&or to pay in their hands, or received or receivable by them out of any bounties, rates and duties under the management of the of*ter the affairs of taxe$; and all monies paid under any such orders as aforesaid, shall be good and valid, and be allowed to such receiver-general, or collectors in their accounts: provided Bounty to be always, that hich bounty shall be in lieu of all allowances and1 heu ot all payments of money to which any such man might be or claims ali0Wdnces* tc be entitled, under any of the provisions of the said recited act; any thing in the said recited act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Commanding men serving in such additional force as aforesaid shall become cer8 may tinSt for tervice, it shall be lawful for the commanding °ccr men Iwom-of the regiment, battalion, or corps to which he shall belonging ungt for to discharge such man, under such restrictions as by any regu- service. lations of his Majesty are or may be provided in that behalf, as to his Majesty's regular forces, or to the additional force under this act, and every such discharge shall be valid and effectual to all intents and purposes.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in every case in Where the which the number of men required to be raised in any parish due "umber under this act, shall not ]be found or provided within such not^pri. rdpedive periods as aforesaid, or shall not be approved in such vided, the manner, and according to such regulations as his Majesty shall parish shall d; re2 in that behalf, such parish shall become subject to the P*X which payment of the sum of twenty pounds by way of fine, to be u/the affdTcd and raised in manner by this act directed, and the de- deputy-lieu-puiy-lieutenants of the subdivision in which such parish shall tenants of the be, shall and they are hereby required forthwith to certify the f"hdivificm to same to the said inspector-general or his deputy; and it shall be genera^and" lawful for the commanding officer of the regiment, battalion, upon notice or corps to which such men shall have been appointed, upon from him the the receipt, of any notice from the said inspector-general or commanding his deputy, of any fuqh deficiency not having been m*de 8* enlist rccrmti. or of any such vacancy not having been filled up, to enlist,

from any place where he shall find it most convenient, any recruit or recruits to make good any such deficiency, or to (ill up such vacancy, and to pay to each such recruit to enlisted any tech sum by way of bounty not exceeding the proportion hereinbefore directed, as shall be allowed by his Majesty's regulations in that behalf. rvneral nwt-

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to fix'for the lieutenant, and deputy lieutenants assembled at any by ballot the general meeting of lieutenancy under any ad relating to the"J^Vfubdi-

5.n, ilitia> Wfions,

zji Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 66. [1804.

shall stand, as militia, or to any fitch additional force, and they are hereb? to (applying required, at some general meeting in each year, to ascertain and aufcTa' an^ by ballot the order in which the respective subdivisions lift in the and parishes in the respective counties and stewartries shall

form hi (land, as to the supplying any deficiencies or vacancies that

to^e sent to^ ma7 cx* or ar*k by the recruiting of any men by any

the inspector- commanding officer under the provisions of this act, and shall generaland immediately, after the same shall have been so ascertained and fixed, cause a list of such subdivisions and parishes entered in such order, and in the schedule to this act annexed, marked (E.)J to be transmitted to the inspector-general aforesaid, or his deputy, and to the agent-general for the army of reserve; and all recruits that shall be raised by any commanding officer shall be appropriated to the several parishes from which such money shall have been remitted, in the order in which such sum of money The inspe&br- Giall, avc been entered in such discharge, and the inspector-general, or general aforesaid, or his deputy or general-agent aforesaid, shall,

general- as soon as the same can be done, give notice thereof to some notice to* the* Per^onnbe Par^> to be appointed by the heritors or their parish, to 1C agents, for the purposes of this a &, to the account of which whose account such recruit shall have been entered, and shall specify the name, the men.shall residence, occupation, and description of such recruit. 1

enter^Cn

XXX. And be it further enacted, That every man provided

Mentotake an<* un<^crhi» aft, to serve in such additional force shall the following take the following oath; that is to say.

the agent-general for the army of reserve, according to which the recruits shall be appropriated.

Oath.

I A.B. do make oath, That to the best of my knowledge and JL belief I am years of age, was born in the

parish of in or near to the town of

in the county of that I am by trade or occupation

a that my last place of residence was at

in the parish of in or near to the town of

in the county of in the character or occupation of that I am no ways disabled by lameness, but have the perfect use of my limbs, that 1 am not subject to fits, have no rupture, am no apprentice, nor belong to his Majesty's other forces, either of army, navy, or marines; and I do further sincerely promise and swear, that I will be. faithful and bear true allegiance to his majesty King Georg$ % and that I will faithfully serve his Majesty in Great Britain and Ireland\ and the islands of Gusmfey, jersey, and Alderney, for the defence of the same, for the period of five years, and further until six months after the termination of any war in which this kingdom may at the expiration of the said period be engaged, by the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, unless I shall be sooner discharged. As witness my hand, this day of

By whom the Which oath may be administered in like manner, and by such and the same persons as any oath may be administered to any 1111*men raised under the said recited act of the last session of parliamem, or to any men enlisted in any of his Majesty's regular^forces j

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 66. 273

forces; and every such man shall be attested in like manner, Men to be and by such persons as any man maybe attested for his Ma-jed/s regular forces, so far as such attestation or any certificates f©rcciT1*1 relating thereto, can be made to apply to the service of any man in (he additional force under this act.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful His Majesty for his Majesty, from time to time, to cause the private men heretofore raised, or that shall hereafter be raised to serve in such additional force, to be formed into additional or reserved bat-after raised, tdions, ro be attached (where circumstances will admit of the to be formed same) to any regiments or battalions of his Majesty* regular forces, bearing the name of the county or stewartry, counties or be attich-stewartries, in which such additional force shall have been ed to batta-nileJ, or intp separate battalions not attached to any other regi- Hons of the ment or battalion: provided always, that in any case in which the men so raised to serve for any county or stewartry, or any ftpaJate bat-proportion thereof, cannot conveniently be attached tu any such tafions not so battalion bearing the name of any such county or stewartry, attached, &c. counties or stewartries, it shall be lawful for his Majesty to attach the same fe para tel y, or with any other men raised in any

proper.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That none of the said Mennotcora-men, to be raised by virtue of this act shall be compellable or j*liable to compelied, on any pretence*hatsoever, to serve out of the Slr^UUmita. United Kingdom, and the islands of Guernsey, Jerj}y9 and

Mkrney^ unless they (flail freely and voluntarily enlist in any of lii» Majesty* forces for general service, and shall have been for that purpose previously and duly discharged from their service in the additional force to be raised by virtue of (his aft.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful His Majesty for his Majesty to appoint such officers and non-commissioned

c5cers to command and discipline such regiments, battalions, on\*0mmif-or corps, as his Majesty shall think fit; and every such officer, fioned officers, and every non-commissioned officer and drummer in any such who, as well as regiment, battalion, or corps, and every such private man, fromhc the time of his being sworn as aforesaid, and during file the mutiny ° for which such.furce shall remain embodied, as well as the laws, additional force to be raised by virtue of this act, shall be subject to all the provisions, rules, regulations, pains, and penaltes, as well pains of death as orhers, as are or may be contained in any act of parliament then in force for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, and any articles of war'made in pursuance thereof; and all the provisions, powers, authorities, pains, penalties, and forfeitures, as well pains of dea*h as others, contained in every such act and articles of war, shall be in force with respect to the additional force to be raised by virtue of this act, and shall extend to all officers, non-commi llioned officers, diummers, and private men of the same, in all cases whatever.

Vol. XLV.

T

274 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 66. [1804.

Term for

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That menflisdf no Port the force to be raised or maintained under this act

remain em* (such men only as shall have enlisted for general service ex-bodied. fcepted) shall remain embodied for more than six months after the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, unless in pursuance of any act or a&$ of parliament which may be hereafter pass; d for that purpose.

ncraftofencl

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That at the expiration to theolerk respective periods, within which any man may be found

of (imply and provided by the heritors of any parish or parishes in any certificates of subdivision, or their agents, or any person appointed by them deficiencies for that pUrp0fCj or as soon after as the farnc can be done, the

and the corn'inspector-general of the army of reserve, or his deputy, shall missioneni transmit, from time to time after the receipt of the certificates shall aflefa the mentioned in this act, to the clerk of supply of the county or penalty, &c. stewartry within which such parish or subdivision shall be situated, certificates of the deficiencies and vacancies that remain to be filled up in the respective counties or stewartries; and the said of of supply shall, within two months after the receipt of each such certificate, make an assessment upon each parish or subdivision, from which any deficiency or vacancy ought to have been supplied, for the penalty of twenty pounds for each man which ought to have been io supplied by such parish or subdivision, in the manner in which such of of supply are directed to make assessments for the relief of families of millia-men, by an act passed in the last session of parliament, to be applied towards raising men for such additional force: provided always, that if at any time afrer any such penalty shall have been assefifed and paid as aforesaid, and before such notice shall have been given of a recruit having been, raised as aforesaid, a man shall be found and provided by the heritors of such parish, or their agents, or any person appointed by them as aforesaid, to supply the deficiency, in respect of which such penalty was ailefied and paid, then and in such case the amount of such penalty shall, under the order of the secretary at war, be be applied towards the payment or discharge of any other fine or fines, penalty or penalties, due or to become due from such - parish or united parishes.

Recovery of

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all fines, and also fines. Sec. all arrears of fines, and all moieties of fines, paid or to be paid under any acts relating to the militia, or such additional force as aforesaid, and remaining in the hands of any person or persons whatsoever, and also all monies remaining in the hands of any clerics of subdivision-meetings, or any other persons whatsoever, arising from any. half part or residue of any sums of money paid by or on account of any person ballotted to serve in the militia, or such additional force as aforesaid, for the engaging of any substitute or volunteer to be enrolled in his (lead, and not subsequently paid over to the persons entitled to receive the same, pursuan: to the directions of the acts relating thereto, shall be debts to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and may be recovered as

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 66. 275

such, or in manner directed by this act, and shall be paid over

by such collector or collectors respectively, to the order of the

secretary at war, for the benefit of such person or persons as may 1

be jurtly entitled to the same.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all such half Application of

parts or residues of any such sums of moneyas aforesaid, re- refi<, ue, of.maining in the hands of any clerks of subdivision-meetings, or

of any other person or persons whatever, arising out of any cicrks of sub-monies paid by or on account of any person ballotted to serve iniivision-meet-the militia, or the additional force Taised by the said recited adin5s>

of the last session of parliament, for the engaging of any substitute or volunteer to be enrolled in his dead, and not subsequently paid over to the person entitled thereto, shall, in all cases in which the person so entitled thereto shall have been discharged as unfit for service, or have deserted, go and belong to the parish or place for which such man shall have been enrolled to serve, and shall; by the order of the secretary at war* be applied in payment of so much of the fine or fines, penalty or penalties, a defied upon such parish or place; and all such sums of money, and also all sums of money arising from any moieties of any fines or penalties that shall, after the expiration of twenty-one days after the passing of this act, remain in the hands of any other person or persons under the said recited acts,

shall go and be applied towards the payment of any assessments under this act, and the surplus, if any, shall be carried to the account of the said assessments thereafter to be made.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in every case in Mode ofre-which any such assessments as aforesaid shall not be made by such of of supply', pursuant to the provisions of this act, not by and in every case in which any collector shall neglect, omit, or of refuse to levy and account for any sums so afleffrd, within of supply $ twenty-one days after the date of such assessment; and also inviedor0t every case in which any such clerks of subdivision-meetings, or accounted for other persons whatsoever, having in their hands any such by collectors; moieties of fines, or half parts or residues of such sums of monies not money as aforesaid, shall not, within twenty-one days after ^ubJivision-the passing of this act, pay the same to such collectors as afore- meetings, &cl said, it shall be lawful for his Majesty's court of exchequer in Scotland, and the said court is hereby authorised, on the application of his Majesty's advocate for Scotland, by motion to the said court in a summary way, to hear and determine on the matter of such application; and if, on notice of such application to the clerk of supply, or to the clerk of subdivision-meetings, or other persons, in relation to whom such application shall have been made, as the case may require, no sufficient cause is shewn for such default, neglect, or omission as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said court of exchequer to fine any such of of supply, collector, or clerk of subdivision-meetings, or other person as aforesaid respectively, in any sum not exceeding double the amount of the sum that ought to have been assessed, or paid or levied, or accounted for, as the case may be,

t 2 2nd

IF meeting* are not held within the period herein Vrcscribed, special meef-inus may be hoi Jen.

Powers of former acts extended to thiej

but not to the

giving any allowances to toe wives or fami.it6 of mvn raised after p tiling this act.

Act may be

altered or rroealed iisia It/Bon.

and to cause the same to be levied by disttingas, or other process applicable to the nature of the case, ' according to the rules and praftire of such court.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if through the neglect or mistake of any lieutenant or deputy lieutenants, or of any clerk of any general meeting, or other officer or person, or from any other cause, any meeting required to be held for any of the purposes of this act, shall not be held within the period 'herein prescribed, a special meeting may and shall be forthwith summoned and holden, for the purposes for which any such meeting ought to have been holden pursuant to this act, as soon after inch period as may be; and if any act, ma ter, or thing, by this act required to be done at any meeting as aforefml, (jiall not be performed at such meeting, it shall be lawful for the persons respectively authorised and required to do any such act, matter, or thing, to cany the same into execution at any susbequent meeting; and all such meetings so summoned as aforesaid, ?nd all acts, matters, and things respectively, which shall be done and performed at any such meetings as aforesaid, shall be a* good, valid, and effectuid, to all intents and purpefes, as if such meetings had been fun> moned, and such acts, matters, and things, had been done pursuant to the directions of this act.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all the powers, provisoes, rules, regulations, forfeitures, penalties, clauses, matters, and things, contained in the said act of the forty-second vear of his present Majesty's reign, or in t^e acts of the last fclfion of parliament, for raising and a(T mbiing an additional military force in Scotland, shall, in so tar as the same are not hereby altered, varied, or repealed, or ctl.er and different provision.s made in relation to such additional force, or the additional force under this act, be applied and practised for the purposes of this act, and as to* the additional force required by this act, in as fu: l and ample a manner as if the said powers, provisoes, rules, regulations, forfeitures, penalties, clauses, matters and things, were again repeated and enacted in this act.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That none of the provisions or Clauses in the Lid acts, or any or either of them, contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the authorising, allowing, or giving any allowances or sums of money, or provision for the Wives or families of any men raised for the additional force under this 3&'after the paifirg thereof.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That this act may be altered, varied or repealed, by any act or acts to be passed in this session of parliament.

SCHEDULES

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 66. 277

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

Schedule [A.]

ACCOUNT of Inspeaor-General of ARMY of RESERVE for of

Men received - - 500 Quota - - 65c

Discharged as unfit - 60 Effectives who are

now serving, or who have eniified

Dead - - 20 for General Ser-

vice - 390

Deserted - 3°

- IIO 260

0

G.A. Inspector-General of Army' of Reserve,

F. B. Deputy Inspeaor-General of Army of Rcfttve.

278 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 66. [1804.

Schedule [B.]

SUBDIVISION of in the County of

Parishes, or Names of Men. Date e Penalties and Fincfc paid.

Places. Principals. Substitutes. Volunteers. or Enrolment.

St. Giles Sam1 Jones - April 2.

- Tho* Smith -

St. Cuthbert Edwd Smith Will* Grey - John Nalh - John Merks -

Totals -

(Signed) A.B. Clerk to Subdivision-Meetings. '

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 66. 279

Schedule [C-]

RETURN of Clerk of General Meetings of Lieutenancy of the County of

Quota of County

650.

Snbdivision of Av Quota 18

Subdivision of B, Quota 14.

Subdivision of C. QmoU 3*.

Parish of C. zo.

Parish of £. 5.

Parish of F.*

Men raised and enrolled

A.B.

C.D.

E.F.

G.H.

IK.

L.M.

Discharged

Dead.

Deserted.

Men raised and enrolled

X

Parish of D. 8.

Dif-charfed.

Dead.

Deserted.

IB. C.D. E.F. G.H.

lien raised and enrolled.

Parish of

X

Discharged.

Dead.

Deserted

J.'B.

1

Clerk to General Meetings.

Schedule [D.]

CERTIFICATE of the Deputy Lieutenants of the of

T — Total Quota of the of 500

Subdivision of B. Quota 74.

PARISHES. Quotas. Men raised auc enrolled. I Discharged Dead. Deserted. Deficiency. Men enliilf'li* AiiU).

A.B. C.

Totals' -

Subdivision of E. Quota s*.

PARISHES. Quotas. Men raised and enrolled. Difcb*rged Dead. Deserted. Deficiency. Men entitledui Army.

A.B. a

Totals -

(Signed) A.B. j DeputyvLieutenaDts.

Lieutenant,

N.B. Where new Appointments have been made* the new Quotas must be specified, because Deficiencies arising from Vacancies will be altered in conference.

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 66.

Schedule [E.]

LIII of Subdivlfions, Parishes and Places, in the Order in which Men are to be recruited for the Year 1805, or (as tht case may be.)

1 Subdivision of Z).

1. County of C. 3. Subdivision of M. 4. Subdivision of /*

1. Parish of E. l. Parish of P. x. Parish of

2. - - of 2. - ^2. 3.

3. - - of G. 3- - F. 4-

4. - of H. 4. - M. 5-

2. County of M* Parish of L. - - of - - of s- - M 6. - P. 7. - S. 8. - T. 9. - F. 10. 5. Subdivision of 1. Parish of 2. 3- 4* 5* 6.

Ascertained by Bailot, at General Meeting of the Lieutenancy of the above County, held at on the

Day of 180

Signed, A\ B.

Clerk of the Meetings.

Schedule [F.J*NOTICE.

THE Heritors of the parish of A\ or their agents, or the perfim appointed by them for that purpose, pursuant to an act passed in the forty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, [here fat forth the title if this act\ are hereby required to provide and produce men to supply t.ie

deficiency or vacancy which this parish is bound to supply to the additional force raised pursuant to the said adh

(Signed, as the case may be) A\ /?. Lieutenant, or

C.D. Vice-Lieutenant; or

E F 1

G H \ Deputy Lieutenants.

282. Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 67. [1804.

CAP. LXVII.

An act for granting to his Majesty, until the twenty-fifth day 0) March one tbovjand eight hundred and fivey certain duties on tbt importation of the goods, wares, and merchandize, herein mentioned, into Ireland, and also certain duties of excise onspirits, malt, ani tobacco, in Ireland; and for the increase of certain tublick rt* venues in Ireland, by making the same payable in Britiu currency — [July 10, 1804.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in parliament assembled, towards raising the supplies granted to your Majesty, and for the support of your Majesty's govern* ment, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent on* The addition-jedy, by and with the advice and confirm of the lords spiritui drawbacks041 anc* temporaL and commons, in this present parliament a(^ foecified in sembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after Schedule (A. J the passing of this act, and during the continuance of this act, fhnllbe paid there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for and allowed. tjlc of his Majesty, his heirs and fuccedors, in ready money (except as herein after is provided), without any discount whatever, upon the importation of the several goods, wares, 2nd merchandize, mentioned and set forth in the Schedule here- unto annexed, marked (A.), imported into Ireland\ the sevenl j

duties inserted, described, and set forth in figures in the fad schedule; and that there shall also be paid or allowed the feverd drawbacks in respect of the said duties as the same are also*spectively inserted, described, and set forth in figures in the said schedule marked (A.), in addition to the duties and drawback!

' payable in Ireland upon the importation and exportation of such

goods, wares, and merchandize, under or by virtue of an act or acts of parliament in force in Ireland at the time of the passinj of this act.

Sx per cent.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the t^a.m?unt passing of this act, and during the continuance of this act, j to be pnyable there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for j n goods the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, a duty of fit

(except pounds upon every one hundred pounds of the amount of the j

&c.)imporred duties which shall be payable on all goods, wares, and mer*1 byriierAaikr chandize (except fug3r, and except goods the growth, product, I thereof. or manufacture of Great Britain), imported into Ireland by any j person being a retailer or consumer of such goods, wares, and merchandize, over and above the full amount of all other payable thereon respectively.

On therm-

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the port41 ion of piling of this act, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and tea lato ire- unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fuccdflors,

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 67i 283

for and upon the importation of tea into Ireland, the several and land, the fol-respective duties following; (that is to say),

Of all tea which shall have been purchased at any Tale of the Tea-Jutie*. Edit-India company in London, for iefs than two shillings and ixpence Britishper pound weight avoirdupois, a duty of fifty-one pounds fourteen shillings, for every one hundred pounds of the value thereof, according to such price:

And of all tea which shall have been purchased at any sale of the East India company in London, for two shillings and sixpence

British per pound weight avoirdupois, or upwards, a duty of lighty-four pounds fourteen shillings for every one hundred

(Kinds of the value thereof, according to such price, in lieu and !1 satisfaction of all subsidies, duties, and customs payable on fte importation thereof into Ireland, by virtue of any act or acts io force in Ireland:

And that on exportation of such tea, the following drawbacks or liiowances shall be made in lieu of former drawbacks or allow-ttcesj (that is to say),

In respect of the said duty of fifty-one pounds fourteen (hil- Drawbacks fogs, a drawback of forty-eight pounds four shillings: oa

And in respect of the said duty of eighty-four pounds fourteen Stillings, a drawback of eighty-one pounds four shillings.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several and respect Duties to be live duties by this act granted on the importation into Ireland of payable < n Ac goods, wares, and merchandize in this ail or the said sche- g°oj8ot dule marked (A.) mentioned, shall be charged and payable on all goods, wares, and merchandize which shall not have been before the entered on or before the passing of this act, or on which the piling of this duties due and payable on the importation thereof shall not have keen paid, notwithstanding such goods, wares, and merchandize uiav have been imported into Ireland before the passing of this A

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the and al To on duties mentioned and set forth in the said schedule marked (A.) 8°°d» m shall be charged and payable on all such of the goods, wares, t to

and merchandize therein mentioned, as, having been imported ^ny into Inland, shall have been or shall be warehoused, and shall remain at the time of the passing of this all in the warehouses in pursuance or by authority of any act or acts of parliament in force for that purpose, although such goods, wares, or merchandize may have been imported before the passing of this act: provided always, that such duties shall not be charged or payable on any such goods, wares, or merchandize, until the duties which such goods, wares, and merchandize shall have been subject to before the passing of this act shall be payable.

VI. And be it further enacted, That there shall be raised The following levied, cdlested, and paid, unto and for the use of his Majesty, Xcifcduties his heirs and (ucceffurs, for and upon all wines which, at or after to be pait' on the

284 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 67. [1804.

wines »n the the passing of this act, shall have been or shall be in the stores or warehouses, or in the custody, power* or possession of any importer of, or dealer in, or feller or retailer of wine in b eland, and which shall have paid the duties payable on the importation thereof under or by virtue of any act or acts in force in Ireland at the pitting of this act, the respective additional duties of excise following; (that is to fay7,

po(T Hi on of intpoiters or Oral. rt.

Duties*

Brown or

MuiC'Jvado fbgrar to be charged with an addition!I duty of % s. 8d. per cwt.

The addition-. ai rx ife du-t*es specified in schedule (H)on .'pints and tobicco made* in Ireland to be paid*

Additional duty on malt s. 5//. per barrel.

For and upon each and every tun of French wine, the sum of eleven pounds nineteen shillings and one penny;

For and upon each and every tun of Madeira wine, the sum of nine pounds seventeen shillings and nine-pence:

For and upon each and every tun of Rhenish wine and wind of Germany and Hungary, the sum of twenty-two pounds nine shillings and four-pence:

For and upon each and every tun of Portugal wines and Spanish white wines, nine pounds nineteen shillings and eight-pence:

For and upon each and every tun of Spanish red wines and Canary wine, and all other wines of the dominion of Spain, and the wines of Naples and Sicily, the sum of ttateen pounds nineteen shillings and eight-pence:

And for and upon each and every tun of any other fort of wines, not otherwise enumerated, the sum of twenty-four pounds fifteen shillings and sixpence; and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity of such wines respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be raifri, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, an additional duty of two Shillings and eisht-pence for and upon every hundred weight of brown cr Muscovado sugar, which, at or after the time of the passing of this act, shall have been or shall be in the Acres or warehojfes I of any importer of sugar in Ireland, and which shall have been charged with the duty payable thereon under or by virtue of any act or acts in force immediately before the passing of this act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this act, and during the continuance of this act, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon all spirits made or distilled in Ireland, and upon all tobacco manufactured in Ireland, the additional duties of excise inserted, described, and set forth in figures in the ichedule or table marked (B.), over and above all other duties of excise whatever payable in Ireland thereon, by virtue of any act or acts in force in Ireland at the time of the patting of this adh

IX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this act, and during the continuance of this act, there shall be raided, levied, colledhd, and paid, unto and fortbeufe of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and upon every

barrel

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 67. 285

barrel of malt, ground or unground, which shall be made in Inland of barley, or any other corn or grain, whether the same {all be or shall not be for fair, an additional duty of one tilling 2nd five-pence, over and above all duties payable thereon under or by virtue of any act or aft» in force in belong which duty shall be paid by the mahfter or maker of such nia!t.

X. And be it further enacted, That there shall be raised, w kr ed, collected, and paid, unto and for the use of his Majesty,

|h heirs and successors, an additions! duty of one shilling and 0id <{u> > ]i, l>le

live-pence for and upon every batrel of malt which shall have to the new.

|cenor shall be in the possession of any person in Ireland at or

after the pa/Ting of this act, and which shall have been charged

pc! argcable with the duty payable thereon under or by virtue

if any act or acts in force in Ireland immediately before the

piling of this act.

i XL And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid to

tierjr person who shall export strong beer or ale from Ireland Ki, expect; .- [except to Great Britain), a drawback or allowance of fix fhil- tion of ttroug fogs and eleven-pence farthing, for every thirty-two gallons ofbtcr. kh strong beer or ale, in lieu of all former drawbacks or allow-aces thereon.

XII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be raised, Jj f tried, collected, and paid unto and for the use of his Majesty, filler* or lis heirs and successors, an additional duty of sixpence for and ictaUers to be ipon every gallon of aqua vitae, strong waters, or spirits made charged with >r Milled in Ireland, from malt, corn, or grain, or from melaflesn ^j*1* irsugar, or any other material which, at or after the passing of p^r galion, iisad, shall have been or shall be in the stock, custody, or poffclDoaof any distiller, rectifier, or retailer of or dealer in spirits inlfiktid, and which spirits shall have been charged or charge-iWe with the duty payable thereon, under or by virtue of any idoncUin force in Ireland immediately before the passing of Lis act

XIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Duties and apirarion of ten days after the passing of this act, all duties io

rhatsoever payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successor, Bririth cur-iiher by this or any former or other act or acts, as excise or rcncy. astoms, or under any other name or description w hatever, by <rtueof any act or acts in force in Ireland, and all drawbacks wor in respect of such duties, shall be paid and payable in Bri-$ currency; that is to say, for every (hillirg to which the said utics shall amount, there shall be paid the Turn of thirteen-uc % and so in proportion for any greater or JefTer sum, so as lat the said duties shall be increased thereby after the rare of ght and one-third per centum in amount; and that in all cases 'here any duties or drawbacks on the importation or exportation f goods, wares, or merchandize, into or from Ireland, are by \w directed to be ascertained, not by the tale, weight, gauge* or Kasure, but by the value thereof, such value, as well as the ite of duty thereon, shall be taken in British cuirency, any vv, usage, or culiom to the contrary notwithtiajading, (except Exceptions.

the

*86 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 67. [1804.

the duties payable on the importation of goods of the growth, product, or manufacture of Great Britain, and all drawbacks in jefp<& thereof; and except the duties on the exportation of goods of the growth, product, or manufacture of Irelands to Great Britain; and except duties on the importation of raw or thrown silk, or (orei^n fair, into Ireland, and all drawbacks in respectc thereof; and except the duties on coaches and chaises, on fire-hearths, on male servants, and on dwelling-houses sc-cording to the number of windows or lights; and except inland duties of excise on leather and leather manuta&ures; glass bottles; vellum, parchment, and paper of all forts, plain, printed, stained, or coloured; and sweets; and also except quit crown composition and port corn, and other rents; and the rates and duties on letters and packers sent by the poll in Ireland): provided always, that no drawback whatever shall be paid in Britik currency, unless the duty which is to be drawn back shall hare been likewise paid in the same currency.

XIV. And whereas it is expedient, pursuant to the provisions tf the aits for the union of Great Britain and Ireland, that, in rapid of the additional duties hereby impofid on articles of the growth produce, or minufufture {/'Ireland, or on the materials of which m may be composed, additional countervailing duties should be charged the goods, wares, and merchandize, articles, matters, and tbi, vt mentioned, dejeribed, and fit forth in the table or schedule htrvstw annexed marked (C>), being the growth, produce, or manufactutt tf Great Britain, and imported from thence into Ireland, Juffcient tt countervail the said additional duties in Ireland; be it therefore The counter- further enacted, That, from and after the paflxng of this act, fwcifi^d'in* r*'cre charged on the goods, ware?, and incrchandiic,

frhedulc (C.) ar"cles, matters, and things, mentioned, set forth, and described shall be in the table or schedule marked (C.), the several countervailing

chargeable, duties therein in figures respectively inserted, described, and ki

forth, in lieu, and full satisfaction of all countervailing duns whatever, payable on such goods, wares, and merchandize articles, matters, and things, under or by virtue of any act or acts of parliament in force in Ireland at the time of thepaffing of this act; and that upon the exportation of any article of W denomination, being of the growth, product, or manufacture cf Ireland to Great Britain, there shall be allowed and given drawback equal in amount to the countervailing duty on the like article in the said schedule, in lieu of and full satisfaction oi all drawbacks now allowed by law on the same.

XV. And whereas it is expedient, on account of the additional ittj by this act impofid on raw or Muscovado sugar imported into Ireland, that an additional bounty or allowance should be paid on the exportotm from lielsfnd of all refined sugar manufactured from sugar on th importation whereof the duties impofid by this act shall have ban dull Additional paid; be ir therefore enacted, That there shall be paid and do intV° kf aH°wc<1 on the exportation from belandof any such refined sugar, f xo'rt \: ion*ot' 2n additional bounty, to be calculated at and after the rate cf reined sugar. twenty two pounds ten shillings for every one huadied pounds'in

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 67. 287

in money, on the produce end amount of whatever bounty may be due and payable on any such refined sugar respectively by any act or acts of parliament in force in Ireland at the time of the exportation thereof, over and above the additional bounty on itch sugar granted by an act of the present session of parliament, intituled An act for charging, until the twertiy-fifth day of March Geo. $ w thmftmd eight hundred and Jive, certain rates and duties, and fir c* diewing certain bounties and drawbacks upon goods, wares, and mr-|chandize imported into and exported from Ireland; and also for charging certain inland duties of excise and taxes in Ireland, in lieu of firmer rates, duties, and taxes, bounties, and drawbacks: provided always, that the additional bounty by this act granted shall not be (jpid or allowed on any refined sugar, unless it shall appear that 'jk additional duty hereby imposed was paid on the raw sugar Iron which the same was produced.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in lieu and instead of Drawback* to

all former drawbacks on spirits distilled in Ireland, and exported 011

(except to Great Britain), every person who shall, from and ta£*45

after the passing of this atf, export spirits distilled in Ireland to (except to ciy place (except to Great Britain) shall be entitled to and shall Great Bri-ittceivefor every gallon of such spirits as and for a drawback oftain>

he whole duty of excise, as well that on spirits as on malt, paid jfororin respect of the said spirits, the several and respective sums following; that is to say, of such spirits as shall be of a strength iqual to British hydrometer proof, the sum of three shillings and nine-pence halfpenny*, and of such spirits as shall be of a strength BOtlcfs than a strength equal to five degrees, or ter) per centumf over British hydrometer proof, the sum of four shillings and Eve-pence half-penny; and of such spirits as shall be of a strength not kfs than a strength equal to ten degrees, or twemy per cen-over British hydrometer proof, the sum of five shillings and one-penny three farthings; and that if the spirits so to be exported shall be of a greater strength than ten degrees, or twenty fir centum, over British hydrometer proof, there shall be paid for every degree which the said fyiriis Hull exceed the strength before mentioned, a further drawback after the rate of two pounds for every one hundred pounds on the amount of such drawback of five shillings and one-penny three farthings, and so is proportion for a greater or less quantity.

XVII. And whereas it is deemed expedient to change the mode of

t&tfting the revenue arising from licences for the sale of spirituous liquors in Ireland, by putting the same under the management of the mmiffmers of stamp-duties in Ireland; be it enacted, That, from From Sept, tt, and after the twenty-eighth day of September one thousand eight 1804* duties hundred and four, the duties payable under or by virtue of any fJJ.

act or acts in force in Ireland upon licences to any person to feil rto.Vc.*to any kind of spirituous liquors, wine, ale, or beer, by retail in any cease,

city, town, or place in Ireland, shall cease and determine.

XVIII. And, in order to secure the duty on every gallon of spirits made or dissdled in Ireland, in the foci of evety disiiller, rectifier, retailer of or dealer in spirits and of the additional duty on every

barrtl

283 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 67. [1804.

barrel of malt by this act herein before severally imposed\ be it en-

Account of the acted, That any officer or officers of excise in Ireland, authorised

1* °n^ri!# or required thereto by the Commissioners of his Majesty's excise, and malt to be^, 3 c L*A J 3^t

t^ken by the and may take an account of the just and true quantity of

excite officer, ail spirits in the Aock, caAody, or possession of any difii ler, or

and a mum redtifier, or factor, or retailer of or dealer in spirits in lrcLnl>

and of all malt, whether ground or unground, in the possession StkT C any Person >n Ireland, at or after the passing of this act, and of a!) spirits and malt in the possession of any such distiller, rectifier, retailer, dealer, or other persons, after that or any subsequent day on which the said additional duties respectively ikll not have been charged, in such manner as such officer or officers

is or are now required by law to take an account of any spirits

or inah, and shall make a return or report in writing to the collector of the district in which such person shall re side, or in which his or her malt-house or (lores shall be situated, of thejuil and true quantity of all such spirits and malt, and of the hid duties payable thereon, over and above the duty theretofore payable thereon; and such return or report shall be a charge oa every such person respectively.

Duties on

XIX. And be it fmther enabled, That all distillers, redifiers, such spirits retailers, factors, dealers, or other persons charged with the tad paid whhinthe ment^ncd additional duties on spirits and malt, shall, within one month from the time they shall be charged therewith, pay to the collector of the district all such duties as shall be due from them respectively for or on account of such spirits or malr, unless such spirits or malt shall be sooner removed, in which case the said additions! duties shall be paid for all such spirits or malt before the same shall be removed, and before any permit for removing or conveying the same shall be granted: provided always, that if any such charge on any one person shall amour, t to the sum of two hundred pounds, it shall be lawful for hs AJ.1 jetty's of of excite, with the approbation of the Commissioners or his Majesty's creasury, to take security for the payment thereof, in such manner and payable at such time or times as shall be expressed in such approbation, not exceeding six months.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all such persons so having spirits or malt in their possession, who shall nor pay, within the time aforesaid, or, in case of security being given, within the time or times specified, the duty charged on all such spirits or malt, or shall remove any such spirits or malt without having paid or cleared (he said additional duties respectively, or in whose (lock-account kept by any officer of excise there shall appear to have been any decrease of such spirits or malt without permit, shall forfeit the amount of the duty chargeable on such spirits or malt; and if such person shall not have given security, he or 0>c shall forfeit also the sum of fifty pounds for each offence.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all wines, which, be-portert brforr forc the passing of this act, shall have neen imported, the duties

thuTcV In°f Pa)able upon the import of which shall not have been duly paid i*and

time nerun mentioned.

Penalty for default in paymtnr of such duties, Ac.

WinCim-

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 67. 279

and discharged, shall be considered as wines remaining in his which the Majesty's (lores or warehouses at the passing of this act, and shall have

be charged accordingly; and the proprietor thereof shall be sub- been paid, to jest to the additional duties on the importation thereof men* be charged tioned, contained, and set forth in the schedule or table hereunto with the addi-annexed, marked (A.), over and above all former duties payabletional duty# on the same,

XXII. And, for ascertaining tie Jiock of all foreign wines belong-.is* to all merchant importers of factors and dealers in, or fellers or Tttailirs of foreign wines, and of all brown or Muscovaclo sugars in the Jiock of any importer of sugar in Ireland, dt or after the passing of this act9 and for securing the additional duties by this act imposed therm, be it further enacted, That every such importer of Importer* and dealer in, feller or retailer of foreign wines, and every importer d*alcri, n' of sugar in Ireland, who shall respectively have any such wine or barters of sugar respectively in his, her, or their possession, in any ware- sugar, to deli* house, store-room, (hop, cellar, vault, or other place, or in the ver an account custody or possession of any other person for his, her, or their trie, shall, within three days after the thirty-first day of July one of excise of the thousand eight hundred and four, deliver, at the office of the district, in the collector of excise of the district in which such wine or sugar manner herein respectively shall have been on the day of the passing of this act, mentioned, or any other day between-that day and the said thirty-first day of 7*inclusive, a just, true, and particular account m writing of the quantity of all the foreign wine, and of all the brown or Muscovado sugar respectively, which, on the day of the passing of this act, or on any day between that day and the said thirty* first day of July inclusive, shall have fp been in the custody or possession of such dealer in, or feller or retailer of foreign wine, or importer of sugar respectively, in every such warehouse or other place, or in the custody or possession of any person for his or her use, describing the places in which the same shall respectively be, and the situation thereof, and distinguishing such foreign wines from each other, according to the true denomination thereof, as the same are herein-before described, and also distinguishing whether such wines are white or red; and all wines in bottles shall be accounted for according to the number of bottles, without expressing the number of gallons of wine contained in such bottles, but estimating the number of such gallons in the whole by a fair calculation made on the actual content of any given number of such bottles indifferently chosen; and every such importer of or dealer in, or feller or retailer of foreign wine, and every such importer of sugar respectively, shall make oath, or, if a quaker, a folgmn affirmation, before any chief commissioner or sub-commissioner of excise, that such account is a true, just, and perfect account of all such wines and sugars respectively as aforesaid, which oath or affirmation any such commissioner or sub-commissioner is hereby authorised to administer; and every such importer, dealer, feller, retailer, or other person. Penalty for who shall neglect to deliver or cause to be delivered such account default within the time aforesaid, and to make such oath or affirmation,

V01, XLV. U ot

2So Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 67. [1804.

or who shall deliver or cause to be delivered any false or untrue account) shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds; and all such foreign wine and sugars respectively, of which such account shall not be delivered, or of which any false or untrue account shall be delivered, shall also be forfeited, together with the calks, bottles, jars, vessels, hogsheads, and pattages containing the same respectively, and shall and may be ferzed by any officer or officers of his Majesty's revenue in Ireland*

Officers of

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be

ente?theay for y officer or officers of excise, as soon after the pass-

premises ofng of z& as conveniently may be, to enter into all or any wine-dealers of the warehouses, storehouses, rooms, (hops, cellars, vaults, and and importers other places of any such importer of, or dealer in, or feller of fate uact forc'gn wine, whether by wholesale or retail, and into any place count of flock, where any wine belonging to any importer of, dealer in, or feller or retailer of wine shall be, and, by tatting, gauging, or otherwise, to take an account of the quality and quantity of all wine then and there found in the custody of or belonging to any such importer, dealer, feller, or retailer, in any calk, or in any vessel, except bottles, and also to take an account of all such wine which shall be then and there found in bottles, in any other manner than by tatting the same, or by uncorking or opening the bottles! containing such wine, unless with the consent of the proprietor, for the purpose of ascertaining the number of gallons therein in manner afore-mentioned; and in case of refusal of such consent, each bottle shall be deemed to contain the quantity which its common denomination of pint, quart, two quarts, and so forth, imports; and in like manner it shall and may be lawful for anj officer or officers of excise to enter into all or any of the ware-houses, storehouses, rooms, or other places of any importer of sugars, and to take an account of all brown or Muscovado sugars, and the quantity thereof, then and there found in the custody of or belonging to any such importer; and if any officer officers.108 or °cers of excise shall not, on demand made by him or them at any such warehouse, storehouse, room, (hop, cellar, vault, or other place, be admitted therein, or shall not be suffered to take an account of all wines and sugars respectively in manner aforesaid, or if such importer, dealer, feller, retailer, or person having the custody or possession of such wines, or such importers ot sugars, shall neglect or refuse to shew or cause to be shewn to " such officer all the wines and sugars respectively in every iuc.i warehouse or other place respectively, such person respectivel;, into or at whose warehouse or other place such officer shall nut be admitted, or shall not be suffered to take such accounts respectively, and every such person who shall refuse or neglect t$ shew or cause to be shewn to such officer all such wines or sugars as aforesaid respectively, shall for every such offence or default respectively forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds.

In case of dif-

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case of any dif-may ta*CCTi Pute ^etween the °fficer of excise and any such importer of, or foroplea of dealer, or feller of foreign wine, as to the nature or species d — &c.; aty

1804] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 67. 281

any particular wine, and the country of which it is the growth or manufacture, it shall and may be lawful for any officer of excise, and every such- officer is hereby authorised and empowered to take, at any time or times, a sample or samples, not exceeding one quart, of any such foreign wine, whether in bottles or in calks, or in any other vessel or vessels, paying for the lame wine the usual price thereof; and if such officer or officers shall not be permitted to take, such sample or samples as aforesaid, upon his offering to pay for the same after the rate aforesaid, or shall in any wise be obstructed or hindered by any person or persons whatever in taking such sample or samples, the importer of or dealer in, or feller or retailer of such wine, or other person in whose custody such wine shall be, shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every such Officen tak-officer and officers of excise who shall take such account of such wines and sugars respectively, shall insert therein the fug^ to in-amount of duties hereby charged and payable thereon; and the fert therein sums charged in such account mall be a charge on such importer the amount of, dealer in, or feller or retailer of wine, or other person or ^ch^all persons, and on such importer of sugar respectively, who shall^charged pay the said duty accordingly, in case such return or report shall accordingly, contain a greater quantity of wines or sugar respectively than shall be respectively comprised in the respective accounts hereinbefore directed to be returned by the parties respectively to whom such wine or sugar shall belong, otherwise the account given by such parties shall be a charge on him or her, and he or she shall pay the said duty accordingly; and where no such account shall have been returned by such importer or other person, the return made by the officer under this act shall be a conclusive charge on such importer or other person.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That every person charge-Duty on fu-able with the said additional duties on sugar shall, within three £ar calendar months after the said thirty-first day of July, pay t°accrtain pe- the collector of excise the said duties in respect of all such sugars r'10d, p*' as aforesaid in his or her possession, or in the possession of any other person or persons for his or her use as aforesaid 5 and in default of payment thereof at the time aforesaid, every such person so chargeable as aforesaid shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, and double the amount of the duty for which he shall be so chargeable as aforesaid.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may Bond to be be lawful for any such importer, dealer, or other person charge- ^nt of duty" able with the said additional duties on wines in respect of such on^y wines in his or her flock or possession, to give security by bond flock.

to his Majesty, with two sufficient sureties, 'to be approved of by the collector of the district in which such importer or other person resides, which bond such collector is hereby authorised to take for his Majesty's use in a penalty of not !efs than double the amount of the said additional duties, conditioned that such im*

v 2 porter*

282 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 67# [1804.

porter, dealer, or other person shall pay the amount of the said additional duty on or before the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred and five, by fix equal inflalments; the first of such inflalments to be paid on the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and four, the four succeeding inflalments on the twenty-first day of December, the twenty-fifth day of March, the twenty-fourth day of June, and the twenty-ninth day of September then next enfiling, and the sixth and last instalment on or before the said twenty-fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred and five.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if the merchant

No permit

*h»b* importer ot, dealer in, or teller or retailer of any tucn wines, or tiieremoval of importer of such sugar respectively, shall have fold or shall wine or sugar fcH the same, or any part thereof, and shall be desirous of re- from the stock moving the same out of his flock before payment of the respecthe dealer tive additional duties by this act imposed, no permit shall be nuxlutics are grantC(j for the removal thereof, unless the said respective additional duties, and all duties of customs and excise due thereon, shall have been previously paid.

A discount of

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any person who charged with qr be liable tb the said respective addi-promptpayw>rli°nal duties, shall pay the same or any part thereof before the meat/ expiration of the respective times when the same are by this act

required to be paid, every such person shall be allowed, as a discount for prompt payment, a sum out of such duties as he or file shall so pay, after the rate of six pounds per centum per annum for such time as any sum shall be paid by him before the time when the same is by this act required to be paid.

Additional

XXX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all cats feSmbybCwhere t^lc w *e or any Part duties on importation of -e -^any goods, wares, or merchandise into Ireland, are permitted to

be secured by bond, by virtue of any act or acts of parliament in force in Ireland at the time of such importation, the duties by this act granted or imposed may, in like manner, and tinder the same rules, regulations, restrictions, and conditions, be permitted to be secured by bond.

XXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no bond that may be taken in pursuance of this act shall be chargeable with any of the duties upon stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any person who shall be charged with the additional duties by this act imposed upon any wine, sugar, malt, or spirits, in his or her posses-

tional duty to fion, shall have fold or controlled to fell any such wide, sugar, buyer before malt, or spirits to any person or persons, and shall not have de-delivery. Jivered the same to the buyer thereof, then and in every such case the buyer of the said wine, sugar, malt, or spirits shall not be entitled to claim the delivery of such wine, sugar, malt, or spirits, without first paying the additional duty which such teller shall have been charged with or paid for such wine, sugar, malt, or spirits.

XXXIII/

A I

tond not fuojedt to ftaxnp-duty.

Dealer in wine, &c. entitled to charge addi-

1804] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 67. 283

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the price of all Price of teas teas imported into Inland shall be inserted in the cockets, and shall be further ascertained by reference to the sale books of the the^ockeU,11 Ea/l-India company, according to the manner heretofore efta- &c.

blished in Ireland for that purpose.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all monies arilipg Ihities to be by the additional duties imposed by this act, shall be carried to

and made part of the consolidated fund of Ireland. fund Of

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Ireland,

the fees due and payable by law at and immediately before the No greater passing of this act upon any entry or cocket, inwards or out- to* wards, shall not be demanded or taken by or for the use of any or officer of his Majesty's revenue for any entry or additional entry cocket on necessary to be made on account of the additional duties imposed account of by this act, of any of them. additional

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all the duties,

drawbacks, bounties, and allowances in this act and the respective to

schedules hereunto annexed, specified, mentioned, and contained, be pajd shall be paid and payable and received and receivable in British British cur* currency, except as is herein-before excepted j and that the said rcncy> &c. duties, drawbacks, allowances, and bounties, shall be paid and

received upon the several articles and things in this act and the respective schedules hereunto annexed, specified, mentioned, and contained, according to the tale, weight, gauge, measure, or value of the said articles respectively specified, and also in proportion upon any greater or less number, weight, quantity, measure, or value of such articles, matters, and things respectively.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the several duties, Duties and rates, and impositions hereby granted upon goods, wares, and merchandize imported into Ireland (ex ceps as to frch of the said^applied, duties as may by law be bonded during such time only as such

duties shall not be demandable), and all penalties and forfeitures in respect thereof, and all inland or excise duties by this a St granted, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by this act inflicted and enacted, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, and applied, in the same manner and under such powers and authorities, and by such ways and methods, and according tp such rules and directions, and under such penalties and forfeitures, as are appointed, dir.eded, and expressed for the raif&ng, collecting, levying, paying, and managing of duties payable on goods, wares, and merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland in and by an act of parliament made in Ireland in th? fourteenth and fifteenth years of his late majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An act for settling of the excise or new impojl upon his Majesty % his heirs and jucceJforsy according to thi book of rates therein inserted, and by any other act or acts in force in Ireland relating to the revenue of customs and excise, or either of them, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same were herein expressed and enacted,

with

284 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 67. [1804.

with the like remedy of appeal to and for the party or parties aggrieved as in and by the said last mentioned act passed in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his said late majesty King Charles the Second, or any other act or acts as._... aforesaid is provided.

no*fill March XXXVIII- And be it further enacted, that this act shall

*5f805. be and continue in force until and upon the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five, and no longer; and that this act may be amended, altered, or repealed by any act or acts to be made in this present session of parliament.

Schedule (A, )

A SCHEDULE of the ADDITIONAL DUTIES payable on Importation into Ireland of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated or described, (not being the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain), and of the Drawbacks to be allowed, on the due Exportation thereof from Ireland,

Duty. Drawback.

£, J* d.

Snuff, the pound - - 0 0 6i 0 0 6i

Sugar, viz. — Muscovado and Brown, of the British plan- O 00

tations, the cwt. - - 00 0

- Not of the British plantations, except sugars imported by the East India company, the

cwt. - 0 11 7rc 0 II 7A

- Candy Brown, the cwt. - 013 7 O 13' 7

Candy White, the cwt. - 193tc I93ts

Refined sugar, of any other fort, the cwt. 193tV 19s

Wine, the tun of 252 galions, viz.

- French - 11 19 1 11 19 1

- Madeira - -9*799 17 9

- Portugal and Spanish White wines -919 8919 8

- Spanish Red Wines, and Canary Wines, and all other wines of the dominions of Spain,

and the wines of Sicily and Naples - 16 19 8 16 19 8

- Rhenifli, Germany, and Hungary wines - 2294 2294

- n&t otherwise enumerated or described 24 IS 6 24 15 6

Schedule

Schedule (B.)

A SCHEDULE of INLAND DUTIES of Excite for, upon, and in respect of the several Articles therein mentioned.

duty.

SPIRITS. £. s. i.

For and upon every gallon of aqua vitae, strong waters, or spirits, made or distilled in Ireland from-malt, or from corn malted or unmalted, to be made by the first maker or distiller thereof - o O ai

For and upon every gallon of spirits made or distilled from melasses in Ireland, to be paid by the first maker or distiller thereof - o o 6

TOBACCO.

For and upon every pound weight of tobacco, which shall be manufactured in Ireland in any manner, to be paid by the person manufacturing the same, or taking any part thereof out of the original package, and to be paid for every pound weight contained in such package, at the time when the same shall be opened - -004

Schedule (C.)

COUNTERVAILING DUTIES payable on the Importation from Great Britain into Inland or certain Articles of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain.

DUTY.

BEER. £ Sm dm

For and upon every barrel of beer or ale, containing 32 galions, brewed or made in Great Britain - o 6

III. And so in proportion for any greater or left quantity.

SPIRITS.

For and upon every gallon of spirits being of the tnanufacture of Great Britain - O J ij

SUGAR refined^ of the manufacture of Great Britain.

For and upon every hundred weight, containing nalbs.

Of all sugars called Bastards, whole or ground, i 6 6 Lumps, -.294{

Single Loaf Sugar - - 2 13 o

SCHEDULE

286 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 68. [1804.

SCHEDULE (C.) continued. duty*

Sugar continued. £. s. d»

Of all sugars called Powder Loaf and double loaf % 17 oj Sugar Cjindy Brown - - 29Ai

Sugar Candy White - - a 17 o|-

Of all refined sugar of any other forts - - 2 17

TOPACCO and SNUFF.

For and upon every pound weight avoirdupois of unmanufactured tobacco of the growth or pro* duce of Great Britain over and above any duty of customs now payable - -009

For and upon every pound weight avoirdupois of British manufactured Short Cut tobacco, or tobacco manufactured into what is commonly called or known by the name of Spanish - - o 1 4^ British manufactured Shag tobacco cut - -01 2, V

British manufactured Roll tobacco- - o 1 44*

British manufactured Carrot tobacco - - o I 2*

Of every other fort of British manufactured tobacco

not herein-before enumerated or described -01

British manufactured Rappee snuff - - o 1 1

British manufactured snuff called Scotch snuff -01 8££

British manufactured snuff called Brown Scotch snuff - - -01 2 a

British manufactured Stalk Flour -01 745

For and upon every pound weight of every other fort or kind of British manufactured snuff or snuff work not herein-before enumerated or described - -O 1 8f

CAP. LXVIII.

An Qtl for granting to his Majesty certain stamp-duties in Ireland.

[July 10, 1804.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies granted to your Majesty, and for the support of your Majesty's government, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Ring's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affem-The duties bled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after expressed in the expiration of ten days after the passing of this act, there fhh du?cxcd throughout that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland,

shall belaid bc raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto his Majesty, his — *'heirs

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 68. 2Sj

heirs and successors, for and upon the several articles, matters, and things, expressed in the schedule hereunto annexed, the several and respective rates, impositions, duties, charges, and sums of money in the said schedule respectively mentioned and let forth; which said schedule shall be deemed and taken as part n.of this a St to all intents and purposes. tioned in

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the ex- schedule on piration of ten days after the passing of this act, the stamp- licences for duties now payable in Inland upon any licence to any person

toad as a notary publick, and on every letter of attorney cm-gttornCy to powering any person to receive rents, shall ccafe and determine; receive rents# and that in lieu thereof the duties mentioned in the schedule to be paid hereunto annexed shall be paid and payable on such licences and i"* of letters of attorney respectively.

III. And be it further enacted, That every copy of any pro- p^iama-clamation, order of council, or ad of state, made by the lord- tfonB> &c* lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for pubHshed in the time being, or the privy council of Ireland, which shall be any news-contained or published in any gazette, newspaper, journal, or

daily accounts, to be published weekly or ofteoer, or in any Dublin O*-other printed paper or pamphlet, dispersed or made publick, zette), to be yearly, monthly, or at any other interval of time, (except the charged with Dublin Gazette,) shall, from and after the expiration of ten days 0X1

after the passing of this act, be considered as an advertisement, by" and shall accordingly be charged with and pay the several duties 43 Geo. j. imposed on advert') fements by an act made in the forty-third c. si. year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for granting U his Majesty several duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the mmijfmersfor managing the stamp-duties in Ireland; any thing in the said recited act, or any other law, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no affidavit, made for^davit the purpose of grounding thereon any presentment of any grand a°pr|fcntmim jury for raising money for repair of roads or for any other of a

publick purpose, shall be lodged with or received by the fecre- jury, Sec. to tary of any grand jury, nor mall be entered in any schedule received, delivered to any grand jury, nor shall any such affidavit be delivered to any grand jury, unless such affidavit shall be written "an>^ea* on paper damped with the stamp required by the schedule to this act annexed; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and immediately Commission-after the passing of this act, the of of stamp-duties*°^unp# in/r^of for the time being, or any of them, may, under his licences to or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, grant a licence to postmaftm, any postmaster, innkeeper, or other person in Ireland, who shall Sec. to let apply for the same, to let qut horses for hire, for the purpose of^?^fcs* travelling post, by the mile, or from stage tostage, and that alP

such licenced shall be in force from the dav of granting the same, or from such day subsequent thereto as mall be mentioned in the said licence, until the twenty-fifth day of March next following

Penalty for letting horses without licences.

So much of recited act 43 Geo. 3.. c. ix. as

fation to be made in lieu, shall be repealed.

288 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 68. [1804.

following the day on which the said licence shall so begin td have force, and no longer, in like manner as other licences granted by the of of stamp-duties in Inland; and that no person shall, from and after the expiration of ten days) after the passing of this act, let out any horse or horses to bird as aforesaid, without having taken out such licence \ and that any person who shall let out any horse or horses to hire as aforesaid, without having obtained such licence, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds. j

VI. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited act, made in the forty-third year of his present Majesty's reign, as exempts bank notes and bank post bills, issued by the exempts bank governor and company of the bank of Ireland) or by any other notes, &c. bank or bankers in Ireland, from any of the said duties by the duT1 thereby^a<^ charged and made payable, and as authorises any coincide payable, pensation to be made by or received from the said governor and and author If-company, or by or from such other bank, or banker or bankers, ing compen- for and in lieu of stamp-duties payable on bank notes and bank post bills issued by them, shall, from and after the expiration of ten days after the passing of this act, be, and the same is hereby repealed: provided always* that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge the said governor and company, or any other bank, or banker or bankers in Ireland^ with the payment of any duty for any such notes or bills, during the time for which any such compensation shall have been actually and bona fide paid and made before the pasting of this act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said of of stamp-duties in Ireland shall cause separate and particular (lamps or marks to be provided, to denote the duties payable on bank notes and bhnk post bills issued by the governor and corn-notes, and on, pany of bank of Ireland^ or by any other bank, or banker Ixrtificates: br bankers in Ireland, and also new and particular ft amps or

all issued after marks to denote the duty by this act and the schedule hereunto the time annexed made payable on permits relative to any exciseable or herein men- other goods, and on certificates of such permits; and all such having the bank notes and bank poll bills, and permits or certificates renew ttamp, to spectively, as shall be issued after one month from the day on be deemed which publick notice shall be given in the Dublin Gazette by undamped, the said of of (lamps, that such separate or new or particular (lamps or marks for the same are respectively provided, and shall be written or printed on any paper or parchment without such (lamps or marks, or having any other (lamps or marks than those so provided, for the purposes aforesaid respectively, although such damps may be of the amount by law required, shall be of no other effect than if they had been written or printed on paper or parchment not marked or stamped 3 and all persons who shall write or print any such bank note, bank post bill, permit, or certificate, on any paper or parchment, having any other (lamps or marks than those so provided for the purpose aforesaid, shall incur and fuficr such penalty

stamps to be provided to denote the duties payable on bank

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 6S. 489

penalty as they would be liable to in case such bank note, bank port bill, permit, or certificate respectively, had been written or printed on paper or parchment not marked or

stamped.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the several duties hereby Duties to be granted shall be under the government, care, and management under the

of the commissioners for the time being appointed to manage

the duties charged upon damped vellum, parchment, and paper, missionertibr

who, or the major part of them, are hereby required and stamps.

empowered to employ the necessary officers under them (or that purpose, and (in order to denote the several duties payable by virtue of this act on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper,

whenever they fee occasion) to use such (lamps as have been

heretofore provided, to denote any former duties on stamped

vellum, parchment, or paper, (except where by this act directions

are given for providing other (lamps,) or to cause new (lamps to

be provided for that purpose, and to alter or renew the same, or

any of them, from time to time, and to do all other things

necessary to be done for putting this act in execution, with

relation to the several duties hereby granted, in the like and as

full and ample.a manner, as they, or the major part of them are

authorised to put in execution any former law concerning any

duties under their management.

IX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Persons may person or persons possessed of, or who shall be possessed of, any ||ave old vellum, parchiqjnt, or paper, damped or marked with any c^g^3*{<* stamp or mark to denote any of the duties now payable by law new, paying 00 stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, upon which any duty the difference is hereby imposed, greater than the duties now payable thereon, of price, &c. 2t my time to bring such vellum, parchment, or paper to the

/aid of, at their head office in Dublin, who are hereby authorised and required, upon request of such person or persons, to order either that such vellum, parchment, and paper be stamped with a duty denoting such greater or higher duty, the person or persons requesting the same paying the difference of price between the said respective (lamps, or that such vellum, parchment, or paper, as shall be brought for the purpose by the person requesting the same, to be duly stamped and marked with damps denoting such duties, as the person or persons requesting the same shall require in exchange for such vellum, parchment, and paper, as shall be offered for exchange, the person or persons to whom the same shall be given paying the difference, if any, between the said respective (lamps; provided always, that the damps marked on such vellum, parchment, and paper, to be offered for exchange, be cancelled,

X. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons penalty on' (lull, at any time or times hereafter, counterfeit or forge, or counterfeiting cause or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any type, mark, darop»>

or stamp, to resemble any type, mark, or damp already kppt or used, or hereafter to be kept or used at the head office of the commissioners of stamp-duties ia Dublin, for denoting the charging*

290 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 68. [1804.

ing, or marking, on vellum, parchment, or paper, or other matter directed to be stamped with any of the duties by this act charged thereon, or if any person or persons, fare and except such person or persons as shall be lawfully entitled to have and use the same for the purpose of stamping vellum, parchment, or paper, in pursuance of this act, shall have in his, her, or their possession, any type, die, mark, or damp, to resemble any type, die, mark, or damp already kept or used, or hereafter to be kept or used at the said head office for denoting, charging, or marking, on vellum, parchment, or paper, or other matter directed to be stamped, any of the duties by this act charged thereon, or shall counterfeit, mark, or impress, or cause or pro* cure to be counterfeited, marked, or impressed, on any vellum, ^parchment, or {taper, any mark or device, used or kept at the

bead office aforesaid, for denoting the charging or marking, on vellum, parchment, or paper, or other matter or thing directed to be stamped, any of the duties by this act charged thereon, or shall utter, vend, or sell, or cause to be uttered, vended, or fold, or shall have in his or her possession, with intent to fell thg same, any vellum, parchment, or paper, with any counterfeit device, mark, or impression thereupon, to resemble any mark or device used or kept at the head office aforesaid, for the purposes aforesaid, knowing such device, mark, or impression to be counterfeited, then, and in any of the said cases, every such person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall, for every such offence, be adjudged to suffer, and shall accordingly fuflfer such punishment by fine, imprisonment, pillory, and other corporal punishment, or by any or either of the said punishments, as shall be adjudged by the court before whom such person shall be tried, such impri (eminent not to exceed six months*

XI. And be it further enacted, That all the duties by this act granted, and all other duties under the management of the said of of (lamps, (except only such of the said duties as paid^mBritish are under the sum of sixpence, or between the sum of sixpence and the sum of one shilling, and the damp-duties on certificates with respect to killing game,) shall be paid and payable in British Currency, any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding; and that all monies arising by the several duties hereby granted shall be paid from time to time into the hands of the receiver-general for the time being of the duties on damped vellum, parchfrient, or paper, who shall pay the same (the necessary charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the same, being deducted) into the receipt of the exchequer of Ireland^ at such time and in such manner as the duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, are by law directed to and carried to be paid; and all monies so paid into the said receipt as aforesaid r shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund of

££* IM.

Powers of XII. ^nd lt enae<* That all powers, provisions, rules,

former acts methods, articles, dauses, penalties, distributions of penalties

relating to and forfeitures, and all other matters and things prescribed by the Duties under the of of stamps to be

currency (except as herein men* tinned),

A

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 68* 291

the said recited act passed in the last session of parliament, or by starop-dutic* any other act or acts of parliament in force in Inland, relating |° to the ftgmp-duties on vellum, parchment, or paper, and not10 19 hereby expressly altered, shall be of force and effect with relation to all duties hereby granted, and shall be applied and put in execution for the raising, levying, collecting, and securing the several duties hereby granted, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had been hereby re-enacted, with relation to the duties hereby granted.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the stamp-duties Duties on

impeded by this act upon affidavits, and all regulations respecting affidavits to the same, shall take place and be in force from the first day of P, ac*

September one thousand eight hundred and four, and no sooner j* K*

any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this act may

varied, altered, or repealed, by any act to be passed in this pealed this felBoa of parliament. fcffioa.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

A SCHEDULE of the several DUTIES to be paid on tho several and respective Articles therein set forth.

For every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (beet or piece of paper, on which shall be engrossed, written, or printed, any of the following articles, or any part thereof, the respective duties following $ videlicet,

£. x. d.

Any letter of attorney, empowering any person to

receive rents - 1 10 O

Any affidavit made in pursuance of any law for amending or repairing publick roads, or made before the trustees of any turnpike relative to the roads or tolls of such turnpike, or made for the purpose of grounding thereon any presentment of any grand jury, or for raising money for repair of roads or any other publick purpose, or for accounting for any publick money, or discharging queries on presentments - - -020

Any permit granted by any officer of his Majesty's revenue, or any distributor of (lamps or other person duly authorised to grant the same, relative to any exciseable or other goods, and also any certificate of any such permit required by law.

If the duties on the goods permitted thereby

amount to the sum of five pounds or less -002

If

*9& Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 68. [1804.

&'*

If the duties amount to more than five pounds

and not exceeding ten pounds - 003

If to more than ten pounds and not exceeding

fifteen pounds - - -006

If to more than fifteen pounds - 010

Any licence to any postmaster, innkeeper, or other person in Inland, who shall let to hire any horse for the purpose of travelling post by the mile or from stage to stage - - -100

Any licence to any person to a St as a notary publick 200 Any licence to any person to fell any kind of spirituous liquors by retail in the places following; videlicet,

In the city of Dublin or within the Circular Road surrounding the said city, and within the district of the metropolis - - -33 00

Beyond the said Circular Road and wall of his Majesty's park the Phoenix % not more than two miles distant therefrom - 22 0 0

In every other place within the district of the excise office of Dublin, beyond the Circular Road and.wall of his Majesty's park the Phoenix, not distant more than five miles therefrom - - 16 10 0

Within the city of Cork and all places surrounded

by the said city - - -33 0 0

And within the rest of the county of the said city 22 0 0 Within the city of Waterford and all places fur-

rounded by the said city - - 33 0 0

And within the rest of the county of the said city 22 0 0 In the city of Limerick, including that part thereof called Saint Francis's Abbey, and all places surrounded by the said city - - 33 0 c

And within the rest of the county of the said city 22 0 0 Within the cities of Armagh, Londonderry, and Kilkenny, and within the towns of BelfoJlj Newry,

Galway, Dundalk, Drogheda, and Qonmell - 16 10 0 Within all other cities, corporate towns, market-towns where markets are usually held, and within one mile of the town-house, market-house, or principal market-place - - 11 0 0

In any other part of Inland than those parts before described - 6 12 0

Any licence to any person to fell spirits in any place in Ireland^ in quantities not less than two galions, the like duty as is payable in such place on a licence to sell spirituous liquors by retail.

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 69. 293

CAP. LXIX.

An act to amend the laws for regulating the Unen manufacture of

Ireland, — fJ*ly 10, 2804.]

WHEREAS by the several laws for regulating the linen and hempen manufacture in Ireland, the trustees thereof are empowered to appoint one inspector-gtneral to go from time to time through the various parts of Ireland, or to appoint one such inspector-general to go through the various parts of the province of Ulster, one other to go through the other three provinces; and also to appoint, in tofe they shall judge it expedient, two persons jointly to execute the office of such inspector-genergl: and whereas, in pursuance thereof they have appointed two persons to execute the office of inspector-general for the province of Ulster, and two other persons to execute the office of inspect or-general for the other three provincees \ but they have lately deemed it urmecessary to have two inspectors-generalfor thefrovince <?/Ulster; and it is necessary and expedient) for the better execution of the trufl reposed in the said trustees, that the inspection of the linen and hempen manufacture in Ireland should be new arrangea: may it therefore, please your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if the said trustees shall think fit to Trustees may appoint one inspector-general to go from time to time through appoint prr-the various parts of Ireland, it shall and may be lawful to and tors^eneral" for the said trustees to appoint pne other person to be provincial 0t liifm. inspector-general for the province of Ul/ler, and one other for the province of Connaught, and one other for the provinces of Ltinfier and Munster, during their will and pleasure \ and every provincial inspector so appointed shall perform the duties, and have all and Angular the powers and authorities, and be subject to all the rules and regulations prescribed by law for an inspector-general, and shall likewise carry into execution, within his province or district, all orders respecting the said manufacture which shall from time to time be given to him by the inspector-general, and shall from time to time make such inquiries and returns, respecting the said manufacture, and the execution of his office, as shall be desired by the said inspector-general j and the person so appointed inspector-general shall perform the duties, and have all and Angular the powers and authorities, and be subject to all the regulations prescribed by law for an in-spe&or-general.

II. Provided always, That no further or additional expence No additional shall be incurred by the said trustees, either by increase of salary, expence to be or otherwise, for such inspector-general of all Ireland\ than they are enabled by law to incur for the first inspector-general of the gjneras, °rS" provinces of Leinster, Munster, and Connaught; nor any further5 or additional expence for the provincial inspector of Connaught,

than

*94 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 69. [1804.

than they are enabled by law to incur for the second inspector-gdneral of the said three provinces; nor any further or additional expence for the provincial inspector of Ulster* than they are by law enabled to incur for the first inspe£fcor-general of Ulster \ nor any further or additional expence for the provincial inspector of Leinster and Munster, than they are enabled by law to incur for the second inspector-general of Ulster; so as that the whole expences to be incurred for the inspector-general of Inland* and three provincial inspectors as aforesaid, shall not exceed in any one year the expences now allowed by law to be incurred for the two inspectors-general for Ulster* and the two inspectors-general for Leinster* Munster* and Connaught5 and that all inspectors-general, and provincial inspectors, to be appointed from t<me to time pursuant to this act, shall be appointed in like manner, and under the like rules, regulations, and restrictions, as any inspector-general may now by law be appointed.

III. And whereas it would tend to raise the credit* and extend the file of the linen manufacture of Ireland, if a more speedy and satisfactory redress were given to the puchasers of Irish linens* fir damages occasioned by bad bleaching* or fraudulent or negligent Uppers* or fed-masters: and whereas Irish linens sent to Great Britain may not be discovered or suspected to be damaged* or fraudulently bleached\ or lapped* until after their arrival there* and such linens cannot be sent to Dublin to be examined without much loss and delay: and whereas no redress can be given under the present laws* by the trustees of \the linen manufacture of Ireland, for such damages* nor can any pumjb-ment be inflicted by them on any fealmaster* or tapper* tn respect of the same* ntuefi such linen shall he examined there; be it therefore Regulations enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said preventing trustees, or any twelve or more of them, assembled at the linen bleaching.*n c*ly Dublin* to empower their agents in London*

by writing under their hands, to receive any complaints which shall be made there against any lapper, or fealmaster, in Ireland\ for fraudulent, unfound, damaged, or unmerchantable linens; and the said agent shall immediately transmit to the secretary of the said trustees a copy of each and every such complaint so by him received, setting forth the number or pieces complained of* and an account of the marks and feais on each piece, and such secretary shall enter the same in a book to be kept for that purpose, and shall cause notice thereof to be forthwith served personally upon each lapper, or fealmaster, whose mark or name shall be stated in such complaint to be upon such piece or pieces of linen, either at the house in the city of Dublin* appointed by such fealmaster, or lapper, for the purpose of receiving notices of complaints, or, in failure of such appointment, upon the in-spefior, in whose district the parish in which such fealmaster or lapper shall reside, or be described in his appointment to reside, shall be situate, to be by him posted up in some conspicuous place in such parish; and in every such notice a day, not sooner than twenty days nor later than forty days from the day of such

notice

A

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 69. 305

notice being served, shall be specified, whereon the complaint therein set forth shall be heard before the agent of the said trustees in the city of London.

IV. And be it further enacted, That proof of the service of Agent to sum-every such notice, verified upon oath, setting forth a copy thereof, °tTto*-describing the nature of such service, shall be sent without delay amiae linen, by the said secretary to the said agent, who shall forthwith desire

the attendance of such number of merchants, drapers, bleachers, or other persons, (killed in the linen manufacture, as he shall think proper, such number not being more than five nor less than three of the city of London, on the day so appointed in such notice for the hearing of the complaint, and to examine each piece of linen complained of, and give their opinion upon oath (which oath any of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county, city, or place where such examination shall take place, is hereby empowered to administer) as to the state and quality of such linen, and whether the fealmaster, or lapper, has acted improperly, negligently, or fraudulently, in damping or sealing such linen; and the opinion of such persons so sworn, or the majority of them, delivered in writing, and signed by the persons giving such opinion, shall be transmitted by such agent to the said trustees, and shall be and be deemed and taken to be conclusive evidence to the said trustees, of the (late and quality of the linen so complained of, and of the conduct of the lapper, or fealmaster, in respect thereof, except hi cases of appeal made in manner herein after mentioned; and the said trustees shall thereupon proceed to determine the said complaint according to such opinion, by dismissing the same, or fining the fealmaster, or Upper, in such Turn or Turns not exceeding the sum or Turns allowed by law, as they the said trustees shall think proper for his punishment, and for or towards recompensing the party injured.

V. Provided always, That such persons so called upon to give Persons called their opinion as aforesaid, may, if thereunto required by the said uP°n to give agent, declare likewise upon oath (which oath any one of

Majesty's justices of the peace as aforesaid is hereby empowered jelied, to administer) their opinion of the amount of the damages sustained by or occasioned to the complainant, by means of the bad state of the linen, or the misconduct of the fealmaster or lapper; and that it shall and may be lawful for either of the parties complained of or complaining, to object to any person called upon to give his opinion, and if it shall appear to such agent upon oath (which oath any fucU justice of the peace as aforesaid is hereby empowered to administer) that such person is particularly interested for either party, or concerned in the linens complained of, be shall be set aside, and another called on in his room.

VI. Provided always, That no complaint as aforesaid shall be Complaints received or proceeded upon under this act, on account of any n(^j linens damaged by mildew (not being inside mildew) unless^months, such complaint shall be made within six calendar months after

Vol. XLV. X such

306 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 69. [1804.

such linen shall have arrived at the place of landing in Great Britain.

C'eyed a*"

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any person so cora-

pead. may pla*ned of under the provisions of this act, shall think himself or herself aggrieved by the opinion so given of the ft ate and quality of the linen, and the conduct of the fealmaster, or lapper, in respect thereof, it shall be lawful for such person to lodge an appeal against such opinion with the secretary of the said trustees, upon his or her hr ft giving security, to the said trustees in double the amount of all fines or penalties, to which such person may be liable in respeCi thereof, for payment of the same, together with all damages and expences which shall attend the removal of the linen, so complained of and examined, to Dublin^ and the loss by delay, or otherwise, which shall appear to accrue to the complainant, in case such opinion so appealed from shall be confirmed; and the said trustees shall forthwith proceed to hear the said complaint in the same manner as if it had been originally made to them, at any time not sooner than twenty days after the receiving such appeal, due notice being first given to the complainant of the time so appointed, and on such bearing, the opinion so appealed from shall be laid by the said trustees before such persons as shall be sworn to examine into the said complaint; and all opinions given under the authority of this act shall be regularly filed and preserved by the said trustees, and be open to the inspection of every person and persons desirous of seeing the same*

VIII. rfrul whereas by an ady paffid in that fart of the United Kingdom called Ireland, in the third year of his present Majtjif j 3 Geo. 3. c. 34. reign, intituled An act for the better regulation of the linen i and hempen manufactures, it is enade'd, that every person leepini or occupying d bleach-yard/kail mark or Jiampy or cause to be marled ! or /lamped, in legible letters with lamp-black, or Vermillion, or Jim j blue and fixe* his or her christian name and surname and place ef abode, with the addition of the word Bleacher, on each end of ever] piece of cloth by him or her bleached or whitened, before be or /be fall sell or expose the same to Jale, or deliver it to the owner thereof Bleachers to further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the

thei?name?^tru^ccsJ or any twelve or more of them, afferabled at the See, the word Linen-Hall in the city of Dublin, to require and order, if they*Muriatic'shall think fit (by writing under their hands) every bleacher to where nurrr- mark or ft am pin like manner, close after or under his name bj used than gn(j pjacc aj)0(je> or tjje word bleacher, the word Muriatic, on each end of every piece of cloth, in the bleaching or whitening of which muriatic acid, or muriate of lime, shall have been used: provided always, that notice of a meeting of the trustees for taking into consideration the making of such order, shall be published regularly, during the course of one month previous to their meeting, in some one of the Dublin Dc*f-papers.

Penalty on

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any bleacher shall,* after the tijne prefer]bed in fu^U requisition or order'for marking

A

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii II. c. 70/71. 307

or /lamping the said word Muriatic> omit or neeleft to comply therewith, he or she shall forfeit the sum of nve pounds for every piece of linen, in the bleaching whereof he or she shall have used muriatic aid, or muriate of lime, and shall not have marked or stamped the word Muriatic, as hereby enacted.

X. And be it further enacted, That all fines and penalties ^rcco-01* by this act imposed, may be raised. levied, and recovered intered, liks manner as any fine or penalty or the like amount is, by any law or statute in force and effect respecting the linen maiiu*

Mure, directed to be raised, levied and recovered.

CAP. LXX.

An act to enable his Majesty to authorise the exportation of the machinery necessary for ertding a mint in the dominions of the King of Denmark.

[July 10, 1804.]

CAP. LXXL

An act to prevent the counterfeiting of silver coin issued by thi governor and company of the bank 4/England, called Dollars, and fiher coin which may he issued by the governor and company of the hank of Ireland called Tokens; and to prevent the bringing into the United Kingdom, or uttering, any counterfeit dollars or tokens.

[July 10, 1804.]

WHEREAS the governor and company of the bank England* have* for the convenience of the public lately caused to be ained or fiamped^ and circulated, a large quantity of silver dollarr, mtaining on the obverse side thereof an impression of his Majesty's W, and the following words and Utters, videlicet. u Georgius ///.

Dei Gratia Rex " and on the reverse side thereof the impression of Britannia, and the following words and figures, videlicet, 44 Five Shillings Dollar Bank of England 1804: 99 and whereas the governor end company of the bank of Ireland are preparing and intend to issue for the convenience of the publicin that part of the United Kingdom collect Ireland, a quantity of fiver coin denominated Tokens, containing on the obverse side thereof the same impression^ words y and letters as the said dollars, and on the reverse side thereof the im-prejfm of Hibernia, and the following words and figures, 44 Bank of Ireland Token 1804 Six Shillings: 99 and whereas for the security of the publick it is expedient to prevent the counterfeiting of the said re-Jpellive coins5 be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That ifP^onscoun* any person or persons shall, from and after the passing of this fa^or?okena ad, make, coin, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be made, gUjity of fe-coined, or counterfeited, or willingly act or assist in the making, lony, and may coining, or Counterfeiting, any coin resembling or made with he transported, intent to resemble or look like the said dollars, so as aforesaid issued by the said governor and company of the bank of England^ at the said tokens so as aforesaid intended to be coined or

308 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 7f. (18041

stamped and issued by the said governor and company of the bank of Ireland, or to pass as such, every person so offending and being thereof convicted by due course of law shall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of felony, and shall be transported for any term of years not exceeding seven years, ftrfons bring-1 H. And jt furthef enacted, That if any person or persons jfingdon*rtiall, from and after the passing of this act, bring into the said counterfeit United Kingdom any such false or counterfeit dollar or dollars, dollars or to- token or tokens, as aforesaid, resembling or made with intent to kens guilty of resemble or look like the dollars so as aforesaid coined or may'be^trans- ^amPec^ and circulated by the said governor and company of ported for the bank of England, or the said tokens so as aforesaid intended

(even years to be coined of stamped and issued by the said governor and company of the bank of Ireland, or to pass as such dollars or tokens respectively, knowing the same to be false or counterfeited, to the intent to utter the same within the said United Kingdom, or within any dominions of the same, every person so offending, and being thereof conyi&ed by due course of lav, shall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of felony, and shall be transported for any term of years not exceeding seven years. Persons utter- Hf. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per-

co^inLrfdt S ^ons from an<* a^ter l^c PanS of this a<^> utter or tender dollars or ln payment, or give in exchange, or pay or put off to any per-

tokens to he son or persons any such false or counterfeit dollar or dollars,

/ punitlied in token or tokens, as aforesaid, resembling or made with intent to

ttentioned^111 ^em^e or l°!Ph like dollars as aforesaid coined or stamped and circulated by the said governor and company of the bank of England, or the said tokens so as aforesaid intended to be coined or stamped and issued by the said governor and company of the bank of Ireland, or to pass as such dollars or tokens respectively, knowing the same to be false or counterfeited, every person so offending, and being thereof convitfed, ' by due course of law, shall suffer six months imprisonment, and find sureties for his or her good behaviour for six months more,

' to be computed from the end of the said first six months; and if the same person shall afterwards be convicted a second time for the like offence of uttering or tendering in payment, or giving in exchange, or paying or putting off any such false or v Counterfeit dollar or dollars, token or tokens as aforesaid, knowing the same to be false or counterfeit, such person shall for such second offence suffer two years imprisonment, and find sureties for his or her good behaviour for two years more, to be computed from the end of the said first two years; and if.*"'the same persons shall afterwards offend a third time in utter-

ing or tendering in payment, or giving in exchange, or paying or putting off any such false or counterfeited dollar or dollars, token or tokens as aforesaid, knowing the same to be false or counterfeited, and shall by due course of law be convicted of such third offence, he ot (he shall be adjudged to be guilty of felony, and shall be transported for the term of fourteen years.

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 71. 309

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons I f persons con-

shall be convicted of uttering or tendering in payment any bc

such false or counterfeit dollar or dollars, token or tokens, as uttcHng in aforesaid, and shall afterwards be guilty of the like offence in another

any other county, city, district, or place, the clerk of the assize or county, the clerk of the peace for the county, city, district, or place where a

such former conviction shall have been had, shall, at the request certificate of of the prosecutor, or any other on his Majesty's behalf, certify the their first con-fame by a transcript in few words, containing the effect and viction. tenor of such conviction, for which certificate two shillings and sixpence, and no more, shall be paid; and such certificate being produced in court shall be sufficient proof of such former conviction.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per-Penalty on fons shall have in his, her, or their custody, without lawful persons having excuse (the proof whereof shall lie upon the party accused), tain'mmil^cr any greater number than five of such false or counterfeit dollars of count* ifeit or tokens as aforesaid, or rcfcmbling or made with intent to dollars or resemble or lock like the said dollars so as aforesaid coined or tokl; n8. hi their*stamped and circulated by the said governor and company of cfllou*

the bank of England, or the said tokens so intended to be coined or stamped and circulated by the said governor and company of the bank of Ireland, or to pals as such, every such person, being thereof convicted upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before one of his Majesty's justices of the pence, shall forfeit and lose all such falie and counterfeit dollars and tokens, which shall be cut in pieces and destroyed by order of such justice; and every offender so convicted as aforesaid shall for every such offence forfeit and pay any sum of money not exceeding five pounds, nor less than forty shillings, for every such false or counterfeit dollar or token respectively which shall be found in the custody of such person, one moiety to the informer or informers, and the other moiety to the poor of the parish where such offence shall be committed; and in case any such penalty shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such justice to commit the person who shall be adjudged to pay the same to the common gaol or house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for the space of three calendar months, of until such penalty shall be paid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Sufjx&ed lawful to and for any one justice of the peace, on complaint {£r![on made before him upon (he oath of one credible witness, that hcndeU.C" there is just cause to suspect that any one or more person or persons is or are or hath or have been concerned in making or counterfeiting any such false or counterfeit dollars, token or tokens, as aforesaid, lefembling or made with an intent to re-? fcmble or look like the dollars so as aforesaid coined or stamped and circulated by the said governor and company of the bank of England, or the token so as aforesaid intended to be coined or stamped and circulated by the said governor and company of the bank of Ireland, or to pass as such, by warrant under the hand of such justice, to cause the dwelling-house, room, work* ,

IQ

Proceedings not to be quaftied for want of form, fee.

Limitation of j&iona.

Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 71. [1804.

(hop, outhouse, or other building, yard, garden, or other place belonging to such suspected person or persons, or where anf such person or persons shall be suspected to carry on any such making or counterfeiting, or to secrete any such dollars or tokens respectively, or the tools or implements for coining or making such false or counterfeit dollars or tokens, or the materials for making or coining the same, to be fearthed for the same; and if any such false or counterfeit dollar or dollars, token or tokens, or any such tools or instruments, or aoy such materials for making or coining any such false or counterfeit dollars or tokens shall be found in any place so searched, or if any such tools, implements, or materials shall be found in the custody or possession of any person or persons whomsoever, not having the same by some lawful authority, it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons whatsoever discovering the same, to seize, and he and they are hereby authorised and required to seize such false or counterfeit dollar or dollars, token or tokens, tools, implements, and materials, and carry the same forthwith to a justice of the peace of the county, city, district, or place where the same shall be seized, who shall - fause the same to be secured, and produced in evidence against any person or persons who shall or may be prosecuted for any of the offences aforesaid, in some court of justice proper for the determination thereof; and after such time as any such false or counterfeit dollar or dollars, token or tokens, or any such tools, implements, or materials, shall have been produced in evidence as aforesaid, as well so much and such parts thereof as shall have been so produced, as every other part thereof so seized and nqt made use of in evidence, shall forthwith, by order of the court where such offender or offenders shall be tried, or by order of some justice of the peace, in case there shall be no such trial, be defaced or destroyed, or otherwise difpetfed of as such court or such justice shall direct.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no proceedings to be had, touching the conviction of any offender against this act, before any justice of the peace, shall be quashed for want of form, or be removed by writ of certiorari, or any other writ or process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no action or suit shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance or under colour of this act, until fourteen days notice thereof shall be first given in writing to the person or persons against whom the same is intended to be brought or commenced; nor shall any such action or suit be brought or commenced after sufficient satisfaction or tender of amends shall be made or tendered to the party or parties aggrieved; and every such action or suit shall be commenced Within three calendar months after the fa& committed, and not afterwards, and shall be brought in the county, city, or place where the cause of action shall arise* and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in, such action or suit so to be

hmuriit

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 7*. $i1

[General issue.]

brought may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the

special matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and

that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this

ad; and if it shall appear to be so done, or if any such action or

suit shall be brought or commenced before f6uVreen days' notice

shall be given thereof as aforesaid, or after sufficient satisfaction

or amends was made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the time

before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other county or place than as aforesaid, then and in every such

case the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if

upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defend

dants, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonfutr, or

or discontinue his, her, or their action, or if upon demurrer

judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the

[Treble costs.]

defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as any defendant or <)cfendants

bath or havd for costs of suit in other cases by law*

CAP. LXXII.

An act for allowing the sale of certain East India prize-goods in the port of Liverpool.

[July xo, 1804.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for the relief of the captors at prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain prize-goods in Great Britain during hostilities, 4t is amongst other things enacted, that oil goods of the growth, production^ or manufacture of China or the East Indies, taken and condemned as prize, shall be ^ublickly exposed U sale in the city of London: and whereas five East India fiAps hinging to the enemy, laden principally with coffee, sugary cocoay and cMon, have been brought into the port of Liverpool and been con* (fanned as lawful prize, and it will be greatly disadvantageous to the forties, if the sale thereof cannot be made in the port of Liverpool: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted: and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with (he advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all sugar, coffee, cocoa, and cotton, being of the growth, production, or manufacture of the East Indies, and brought into the port of Liverpool in any of the five following ships, namely, V Aimable LucelUy La Ville it Lyons, La same Jmelie % Die Vrow EJlhery Vrow Anna Cat ha-rlna, and condemned as lawful prize, may be exposed to sale in the port or town of Liverpool, by the captors or their agents, notice of such sale being first given to the proper officers of the customs or excise respectively concerned therein; which sugar, coffee, cocoa, and cotton, shall be sold on such conditions, and shall be subject to such duties, restrictions, rules, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, as the same would be liable to if removed to London, according to the provisions and directions in the said act contained, any thing in the said act to the contrary

notwitft-

43 Geo. j.

Sugar, See* of the production of the East Indies, brought in the ships herein mentioned, condemned as lawful prize, may be ex-poled to sale in Liverpool, subject to the same conditions as if the goods had been remov<

31a Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 73, 74. [1804.

notwithstanding: provided always, that all such sugar, coffee, and cocoa so fold, shall be exported, and shall not be used or consumed in this kingdom.

CAP. LXXIII.

An act to enable the lord a-comm iffioners of his Majesty's treasury of Great Britain to issue exchequer* bills on the credit of such aids or supplies as have been or shall be granted by parliament for the service of Great Britain for the year one thousand eight hundred and four.

[July 10, 1804 ]

The treasury may issue exchequer* hi Us agreeably to those issued under the malt act of this session, c. 16. to be payable out of the supplies for 1804, on 14 days' notice in the Gazette, &c. But treasury not roiiTue under this act exchequer*bills on the credit of Geo. 3. c. 16. And ., c. 17. or on any aids that may be granted next session. Exchequer bills shall bear an interest not exceeding three-pence-halfpenny per cent per diem, &c. No exchequer-bill so inued to be received in payment of the revenue, or at the exchequer until the same become payable. Bank of England may lend 2, 000, 000l. on the credit of this act.

CAP. LXXIV.

An act for establishing and maintaining a permanent additional fora to be raised in Ireland, for the defence of the realm, and to provide, for augmenting his Majestfs regular forces.

[July 14, 1804.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that a permanent additional force, raised and to be raised in Ireland, should be established ad maintained under regular officers, for the defence of the realmy and for augmenting and supplying his Majestfs regular forces \ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the ICing's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the A permanent authority of the same, That a permanent additional force often force to be thou fend men shall be established and maintained in Ireland, and

raised. shall he ra^e^ and completed in the manner by this act directedj Quotas underanc*hat, fr0fn anc* a^terhe completion of such permanent act 43 Geo. 3. additional force in manner herein after directed, #the quotas c. 85, to regu- directed to be raised in the several counties of Ireland, under latethequotas anc| by virtue of an act passed in the last session of parliament, under t s act. fa act to enable his Majesty more effectually to raiseand of

semble in Ireland an additional military force for the better defence and security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous profeiutisn of the wary shall be and remain the quotas for each of the several counties in Ireland, whereby to regulate the quotas or numbers to be from time to time raised by such counties respectively - towards the maintaining and supplying such permanent additional

force of ten thousand men, in the manner directed by this atf. Men raised

II. And be it further enacted, That all men raised under the act, to b^alt rec'te<*session of parliament shall be deemed

of the force anc* ta^en to he part of the additional force under this act, and under this act. shall be maintained, supplied, and regulated, from and after the passing of this act, according to the provisions thereof.

Jl

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 74* 313

III. And be it further enacted, That in the several counties in which the full number of men required to be raised by the ?, cnc!5*JhaJi fuid recited a£, passed in the last session of parliament, shall not °C ral*C*Lave been raised pursuant to the provisions thereof, the number of men that shall appear to be deficient upon the returns to b? made under this act by the clerks of general meetings, shall, on or before the first day of September one thousand eight hundred ani four, be raised in manner directed by this atf, and to be applied uilder this act towards the said permanent additional force; and when and so soon as the actual number of men deficient in any such county shall have been ascertained under this act, and certified pursuant to the provisions thereof, if such number shall exceed the number returned deficient by the clerk of the general meetings, then and in such case the remainder of -such deficiency shall, on or before the said first day of September one thousand eight hundred and four, be raised in such county for such additional force, unless the full number of men specified as the number deficient shall have been raised and completed therein before the delivery of the certificate of the deficiencies and vacancies under this adh

IV. And be it further enacted, That the inspector-general of Rrturn5to^ the army of reserve, or his deputy, in Ireland, shall, as soon after ifp/&orfhc the passing of this act as may be, transmit to the clerks of the general of the general meetings for the several counties in Ireland, in which army of the whole number of men required by the said recited act ofrek1*0 the last session of parliament shall not have been raised, or in which any deficiencies may remain therein, or in which any va- jngs# cancics may have arisen which have not been supplied, an account in the form in the schedule to this act annexed, marked (A.), specifying the numbers of men that have been received, and that have been discharged, or have died or deferred before the latest period to which such account can he ihade up, and the number of effective men serving, and the number that shall remain deficient of the whole quotas in such additional force in such respective'counties; and every such clerk of general meetings shall immediately give notice of the receipt of such account to the governor or governors, or, in their absence, to any three deputy governors of the county to which he shall belong, who shall forthwith summon a special meeting of the governors and deputy governors of such county, to meet within any period not exceeding twenty-one days, nor less than fourteen days after the receipt of such account as aforesaid, and every such clerk to the general meetings shall also immediately give notice in writing, of the place and day and hour appointed for such meeting, to the said inspector-general or his deputy; and on the request of First general the inspector-general or his deputy, signified to the clerk-of the roeetmgnnder general meetings, such day may be altered by publick notice from a^in the governor or governors, or three deputy governors, to be inserted in some paper printed within the county, or where no paper is so printed, then in some paper printed in the city of Dublin, to anydaynot exceeding fourteen days from the first day so appointed,

nor

3*4

Inspector-general may appoint a f-mntf who shall attend meetings of deputy governors.

Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 74. [1804.

nor less than seven days from such notice; and the clerk of the general meetings shall thereupon forthwith give notice of fud alteration.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful forth said inspector-general or his deputy, with the approbation of thi lord-lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Irelaa for the time being, to appoint in writing one or more prope persons to attend at each of such special meetings, who ihal assist the governors and deputy governors at such meeting during the examination of such accounts, and of all other paper relating thereto, or to the raising of any such additional force or any deficiencies therein, and in the comparing the same wid the returns to be made by the clerks of the general meeting! under this act, and for the purpose of giving any such infor-.mation on the behalf of theinfpcdor-general as may be necessary; and the inspector-general aforesaid, or his deputy, shall, as foot as may be after the passing of this act, transmit to the respectivt clerks of the general meetings the names of the persons fc appointed by him for the purpose aforesaid, and of their places ol rchdence.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the clerks of the several subdivision-meetings in such counties shall, immediately after the passing of this act, make out, for the use of the clerks of the general meetings of their respective counties, an account in die| form in the schedule to this act annexed, marked (B.), of the number of men who have been ballotted or set down to serve in such additional force as aforesaid, for their respective subdivisions, since the last returns made by the deputy-governors acting in and for such subdivision, or by the said clerk of the subdivifiooj meetings, to such clerks of the general meetings respectively, if any such returns shall have been made; and if no stich returns shall have been made, then since the passing of the said recited act of the last session of parliament, specifying in such returns the names of the men so ballotted or set down to serve as afore-

j said, and the baronies or half baronies within which, and the

parishes or places for which they have been ballotted or set down, and which of such men are actually serving or have provided substitutes to serve in such additional force, and which of them have paid the penalties by the said recited act imposed, for _ not serving or finding a substitute to serve therein; and if any such clerk of any subdivision meetings shall omit or neglect to make such return as aforesaid for the space of twenty days afer the passing of this act, or shall knowingly or wilfully make any false return, such clerk shall forfeit and pay for every such offence the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered and applied as any such penalty may be recovered under any ad relating to the militia.of Ireland, or under this act.

Returns to be

VII. And be it further enacted, That the clerks of the by »cncrai meetings ih such counties respectively shall make out, geoeraTmeet-or of ^uch meetings of the governor or governors, and

Saga, of men deputy-governors, returns in the form in the schedule to this act

annexed,

Returns to be made by clerks of Ibbdivi lions of men ballotted or set down under recited act.

1804] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 74. 375

annexed, marked (C.), and shall Tpecify in such -returns the enrolled, and

number and names of the men who have been raised and enrolled °fdeficten»

in or for their respective counties, and also the baronies or half c

baronies within which, and the divisions, parishes, and places9

for which such men shall have been so raised or set down and

enrolled, and the number deficient in each of such baronies or

half baronies, divisions, ' parishes, or places, as far as the same

can be ascertained, and shall also specify the number and names

of the men discharged^together with the number and names of

all men certified or known to have deserted or died since their

enrolment; and shall respectively transmit such returns to the

persons so appointed in the respective counties and places as

aforesaid, by the said inspector-general, or his deputy, five days

it ieaft Wore the days respectively appointed for the first general

meetings of the governor or governors and deputy-governors as

aforesaid, and shall at the same time transmit duplicates of such

returns to the* inspector-general aforesaid, or his deputy, and shall also produce at such general meetings as aforesaid correct

duplicates of such returns, together with any other papers,

touchers, and documents, relating to such additional force as

aforesaid, as may be requisite to facilitate the investigation and

comparison of such accounts and returns; and if any such clerk Penalty o

shall omit or neglect to make or transmit any such return or clerks for

duplicate, or to produce any duplicate as aforesaid, or shall nc&le&» or

knowingly or wilfully make any false return, such clerk shall forfeit and pay for every such offence the sum of twenty pounds,

to be recovered as any like penalty may be recovered under any

aft relating to the militia of Ireland, or under this a£h

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Infuedor's

any person or-pmTons so appointed by such inspector-general or T

hit deputy as aforesaid, and every such person and persons is and 2wums &c» are hereby authorisees, at any time after the passing of this act,

during the period of his or their being employed in the execution

of this act, at all seasonable times, to insped, examine, and take copies of any returns, papers, books, vouchers, or documents, relating to the levying or completing the said additional force, that may be in the custody or possession of the clerk of the general meetings of the county for which he or they shall have been appointed for the purpose aforesaid,

IX. And be it further eqa&ed. That the governor or go- Proceedings vernors and deputy-governors of such respective counties shall »tfiHlfpeaal assemble at such special meetings as aforesaid, and adjourn such

meetings if ncceuary, so as that every such adjourned meeting returning shall be held within (even days after the meeting immediately statements of preceding; and shall carefully examine and compare the accounts of the inspector-general pr his deputy so transoiitted as afore- dencics, said, and the returns which shall be produced and laid before them by thf clerks of the general meetings, and all other papers, documents, and vouchers, that may be produced at such meetings by any person or persons so appointed by the inspector-general of his deputy as aforesaid, together with all such returns,

vouchers.

£16 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 74. [1804.

vouchers, papers, and documents, as may be in the hands of th clerks of the general meetings relating to such additional force and to the deficiencies that may exist therein; and shall, afte such examination and comparison as aforesaid, cause to be m2d out a statement and certificate in the form in the schedule t this act annexed, marked (D.), speciTying the numbers of me that shall have been raised and enrolled in their respectiv counties, and in the respective baronies or half baronies, Tub divisions and parishes, and the number of men so raised tha shall have been discharged, and the numbers that have died 0 have deserted, and the numbers that shall have entitled so general service; and the governor or governors, and depur governors, present 'at such meetings, shall sign two of such Gate mentis and certificates, and cause one thereof to be forthwitl transmitted to the said inspector-general or his deputy, and tin other thereof to be transmitted to the clerk of the genera meetings of such respective counties.

Such state- X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for 2111 meets may be governor of any county in Ireland, who shall receive direction! re-examine.£or purpose from his Majesty, or the lord-lieutenant <x other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time beinj, to be communicated by the chief secretary of such lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors, to cause another specia meeting of the governor or governors and deputy-governors tq be summoned to meet within fourteen days, to re-examine any such statement or certificate; and the governor or governors and deputy-governors at such meeting, together with any person or persons so appointed by the inspector- general or his deputy as aforesaid, shall meet and re-examine such statement and certificate, and examine any further information that may be kid) before them in relation thereto, and confirm or alter the same as they shall see fit; and such governor or governors and deputy-governors shall sign two of the statements and certificates ib confirmed or altered, and cause one thereof to be forthwith transmitted to the said inspector-general or his deputy, and the j other thereof to be transmitted to the clerk of the general meei-ings as aforesaid; and every such clerk of the general meetings after such re-examination, or if no directions respecting such first statement shall have been communicated to such governor or governors respectively, through the said chief secretary, within

Commanding officers shall

certify all passing of this act, every vacancy that shall arise in any reg'r ments> battalions, or corps, of such additional force, by reason tapMn to ^le cn^ng of any persons serving therein into his Majesty's the mfpettor- regular forces, or by death or desertion, or in consequence of general/who any men being reclaimed as deserters from his Majesty's other shall annually forces, or from the marines or militia, or by such men being numbertoC c^a'mc(^ as apprentices, or becoming unfit for service, and being the chief discharged accordingly, shall be from time tQ time certified by secretary. the

fourteen days then after the expiration of such fourteen days, i shall sign the same.

XI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 74.

the commanding officer thereof to the inspector-general aforesaid, or his deputy; and the said inspector-general or his deputy shall, on or before the first day of October one thousand eight hundred and four, as to all such vacancies as shall have arisen and been certified to him between the period to which such first account shall have been made up by him in manner hereinbefore mentioned, and the first day of September one thousand eight hundred and four, and afterwards annually, on or before the first day of October in each year, transmit to the chief secretary of the lordrlieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, to be laid before the privy council of Ireland, the total number of such vacancies aforesaid that shall have an fen and been certified to him in the year ending on the first day of September preceding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That, on or before the first When present

day of November one thousand eight hundred and four, there tod

Hull be raised in the several counties in Ireland so many men as how vacaudci shall be requisite for fully supplying the vacancies that mall have shall be

arisen in such additional force, on or before the said first day of annually September one thousand eight hundred and four, by reason of the^PP*"* entitling of any persons serving therein into his Majesty's regular forces, not exceeding four thousand men, and also so many men as shall be requisite to supply such vacancies as shall have arisen on or before the said first day of September one thousand eight hundred and four, by death, desertion, or other casualty before mentioned j and that after the expiration of the year ending on the first day of October one thousand eight hundred and five, there shall, as soon after as the same can be done, be raised for the year beginning on the first day of October one thousand eight hundred and five, and ending on the first dAy of October one thousand eight hundred and six, for such additional force, a number of men equal to the full number that shall have enlisted in his Majesty's regular forces in the preceding year, and also a number of men equal to the total amount of such vacancies as shall have arisen in the said preceding year, by death, desertion, or other cafullty before mentioned; and that in each and every succeeding year a number of men, equal to the number that shall have enlisted into his Majesty's regular forces in the then preceding year, and also a number of men equal to the total amount of such vacancies as shall have arisen in the said preceding year by death, desertion, or other casualty before mentioned, shall in like manner be raised for such additional force: provided always, that no greater number than four thousand men shall be required to be raised for any one year towards the supplying*such vacancies as shall have arisen by the enlisting of men from such additional force into his Majesty's regular forces in any preceding year.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the lord-lieutenant or Mode of ap-other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, portioning and the privy council of Ireland, shall, on or before the tent^coum^ei^ day of October one thousand eight hundred and four, c*use the baronies, &L

number

3 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 74. [1804.

number of men which shall be requisite to be raised for the supplying the vacancies in such additional force that shall have arisen on or before the said first day of September one thousand eight hundred and four, by reason of such enlistment, death, desertion, or other casualty before mentioned, and also shall from time to time, within ten days after the first day of Ottebn in each succeeding year, cause the number of men required to lx raised in each succeeding year for the supplying the vacanciei arising from such enlistment, death, desertion, or other casualtj before mentioned, which shall have arisen in the course of the preceding year in the several counties in Ireland, to be apportioned among such counties according to the respective original quotas of men required to be j-aised in such respective counties, under the said recited act of the last session; and shall, as soon after such apportionment shall have been made as the same can be done, cause the numbers fixed and settled by such apportionment to be transmitted to the respective governor or governors of the several counties in Ireland, and shall also cause notice thereof to be given in the Dublin Gazette \ and such governor or governors shall immediately summon general and subdivision meetings of the governor or governors, and deputy-governors in their respective counties; and the governor or governors and deputy-governors at such meetings shall divide and apportion the numbers so fixed and settled among the baronies and half baronies, or subdivisions, in their respective counties, or if they, shall fee fir, among the respective parishes and places within the subdivisions in their respective counties, as they shall think modi expedient for the purposes of this act, or in such manner as they are empowered to do under any act or acts relating to the militia of Ireland\ in order that such men may, as speedily as possible, be raised for the additional force under the provision of this act.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, and the privy council of Ireland^ from time to time to ascertain, fix, and declare the number of men which the county of Limerick, and the county of the city of Limerick shall respectively furnish towards the number of men required to be raised under this act, in proportion to the number of four hundred and ninety, required by the said recited act of the last session of parliament to be raised by the said county of Limerick and the county of the city of Uner'ul and that such number shall be so ascertained, fixed, and declare by an order of council, to be made and transmitted to til governor or governors of the said county of Limerick for thi time being, and to the mayor of the said city of Limerick respect tively, within ten days after the passing of this act. topeat of pc-

XV. And be it further enacted, That so much of the liiJ

Sec^tS ft Cr rccilc^ of last session of parliament* as relates to the rafting'assessing or levying of any fines or penalties on any counties of mw de&cm. pannes, in respect of any men that fluli not have been proridedj

Proportions upon Limerick county and city may be settled by order of council.

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 74. 319

according to the provisions of the fai.d recited act, shall be and the same is hereby repealed as to all deficiencies existing at the expiration of ten days after the passing of this act, and also as to all vacancies that may hereafter arise in such additional force.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Rates not to expiration of ten days after the passing of this act, it shall not be lawful for any churchwarden of any parish, or any other person ^vo&ntcer? or persons, to make, raise, or levy any rate or rates, or any Tub- feription or subscriptions, or sum or films of money, or to give, advance, or promise any sum or Turns of money for the purpose of inducing any nerson to enlist as a volunteer in any such additional force as aforesaid, except in manner by this act provided; and every churchwarden and other person who fitall in any manner pay, or give or advance to any person any sum or sums of money, or any bounty, gift, or reward, or promise any sum bounty, or Turns of money, or any bounty, gift, or reward, other than such bounty as shall be allowed and paid by or under his Majesty's regulations in that behalf, or as may be advanced in manner by this act provided, shall forfeit and pay for every such offence the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered, levied, and applied as any like penalty may be recovered, levied, and applied, under any act or acts relating to the militia of Inland.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Appointment his Majesty, or the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or of place# of governors of Ireland for the time being, to appoint a convenient^ of regu-place or places of rendezvous in every county in Ireland, for the Uting officers, men to be raised for such additional force, and to appoint at

every such place of rendezvous an officer especially authorised by his Majesty, or such lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, or the commander of his Majesty's forces in Ireland for the time being, tp approve or discharge the men produced and provided under this act, according and subject to such regulations as his Majesty, or such lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, shall from time to time establish for that purpose, and such officers may approve of or discharge any such men accordingly; and every officer discharging any such man shall forthwith certify the same, together with the cause of such discharge, to the clerk of the subdivision-meetings of the subdivision for which such man shall have been produced, and also to the inspector-general aforesaid, or his deputy.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That a bounty equal to Amount and three-fourth parts of the bounty that shall be from time to time £^2 ° allowed by his Majesty, or the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, for re- 9

cruiting the infantry for general service, shall be allowed and

paid in respect of every man who shall be provided or raised to ierve in such additional force under this act: provided always, that such bounty, when paid under this act, shall be in lieu of all allowances and payments of money to which any such man might be or claim to be entitled under any of the provisions of the;

Commanding officer may discharge

Penalty for deficiencies on baronies* which the commanding officer may supply by recruiting.

How the order of baronies in re-

the said recited act; any thing in the said recited act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That whenever any man serving in such additional force as aforesaid shall become until for service in the judgement of the commanding officer of the battalion or corps to which he shall belong, it shall be lawful for such commanding officer to discharge such man, under such restrictions as by any regulations of his Majesty, or the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Inland for the time being, are or may be provided in that behalf, as to his Majesty's regular forces, or to the additional force under thij aft; and every such discharge shall be valid and effectua), to all intents and purposes.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in every case in which the number of men required to supply the deficiencies in (he full number of ten thousand men directed to be raised by the faii recited act of the last session, and to be completed by this act, or the number of men required to be raised in any barony, h: 'i barony, subdivision, parish, or place under this act, shall not be found or provided within the respective periods herein-before respectively mentioned and directed, or shall not be approved in such manner, and according to such regulations, as his Majesty, or the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being shall direct in that behalf, such barom, half barony, 7 subdivision, parish, or place, shall become subjectu the payment of the sum of twenty pounds, by way of fine, for every man deficient, to be levied in manner by this act directed; and the clerks of the subdivision-meetings for the subdivisions h which stich deficiency shall arise respectively, shall, and they ire hereby respectively required forthwith to certify the said den-ciency to the several clerks of the general meetings for the county in which such subdivision shall be respectively situate, specifjin: in such certificate the number deficient in each barony or hf: barony, and parish or place within such subdivision, and such clerks of the general meetings shall, and they are hereby required forthwith in like manner to certify all such deficiencies to the said inspector-general or his deputy; and it shall be lawful for the commanding officer of the regiment, battalion, or corps to which such men shall have been appointed, upon the receipt of any notice from the said inspector-general, or his deputy, of any such deficiency not having been made good, or of any luc.i vacancy not having been filled up, to enlist from any place, where he shall find it most convenient, any recruit or recruits to make good any such deficiency, or to fill up such vacancy, and 'to pay to each such recruit so enlisted any such sum by way of bounty, not exceeding the proportion herein-before directed, as shall be allowed by the regulations of his Majesty, or the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Inland (of the time being in that behalf.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the governor or governors and deputy governors, assembled at

any

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 74, 321

any general meeting under any act relating to the militia of cmiiing shall Inland^ or to such additional force, and they are hereby required, 'tertM-2t some general meeting in each year* to ascertain and fix by e 1 c* ballot the order in which the respective subdivisions and baronies and half-baronies, or parishes or places respectively in their respective counties shall stand, as to the recruiting of any men by any commanding officer under the provisions of this act, for the purpose of supplying any deficiencies or vacancies that may exist or arise in such additional force, and shall, immediately after the same shall have been so ascertained and fixed, cause a list of such subdivisions and baronies and half-baronies, or panflies or places respectively entered in such order, and in the form in the schedule to this act annexed marked (£.) to be transmitted to the inspector-general aforesaid or his deputy, and to the agent-general for the army of reserve; and all recruits which shall be raised by any such commanding officer shall be appropriated and set down to the several subdivisions and baronies and half-baronies, or parishes or places respectively, in the order in which such subdivisions and baronies and halfbaronies, or parishes qr places, shall have been entered in such lift as aforesaid; and the inspector-general aforesaid, or his deputy; or general agent aforesaid, shall, as soon as the same can be done, give notice thereof to the high constable or chief constable of the barony or half-barony, or to the churchwarden of the parish or place, to the account of which such recruit shall have been set down, and shall specify the name, residence, occupation, and description of such recruit.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Empowering any person or persons, whether high or petty or sub-constable, churchwarden, or others specially appointed for the purpose, and fopa'specially in such manner as shall be directed by the governor or governors appointed, to and deputy-governors of the county, at the first special meeting provide men. to be held under this a ft, as herein-before directed, at any time, before the said first day of September one thousand eight hundred and four, as to all such men as are by this act required to be raised in respect of any deficiencies under the said recited act of the last session of parliament; and at any time, before the said first day of November one thousand eight hundred and four, as to all such men as are by this act required to be raised in respect of vacancies in such additional force by eoliftment, death, desertion, or other casualty, arising before the first day of September one thousand eight hundred and four; and also within one month after any apportionment shall have from time to time been made for the baronies, half-baronies, and subdivisions, in the respective counties, or for the parishes or places therein, as the case may be, in respect of such four thousand men as aforesaid, or of such number of men as shall be required to supply the place of any men that shall have been enlisted into his Majesty's regular forces, or any vacancies that shall have arisen in such additional force; and also at any time after any such respective periods as aforesaid, before any recruit shall have been provided Vet. XLV. Y by

3*2. Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 74. [1804.

by any commanding officer under the provisions of this act, to supply any such deficiency or vacancy; and such personfo specially appointed is hereby authorised to provide any man, and to produce such man to the officer empowered to approve recruits in manner aforesaid to serve in such additional force; and every such person producing any man for such additional force shall be entitled to receive such proportion of the whole bounty to be allowed in respect of each man, as his Majesty, or the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being shall, from time to time, by any regulations made in that behalf, direct.

Such persons

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be may advance lawful for such person so appointed as aforesaid, for providing

bounty to men, &c.

recruits, to pay in advance to any recruits so provided by him, any part of the bounty payable to recruits under or by virtue of this act, not exceeding one fourth part of the bounty which such recruit would be entitled to receive in money at the place of rendezvous; and that such person shall, together with such recruit, deliver to the officer appointed to approve such recruit, a receipt for the money so advanced, signed by such recruit; and such officer, if he shall approve of such recruit, shall immediately in the presence of such recruit, pay to such person so appointed and providing such recruit, the whole of the bounty allowed for such recruit, out of which such person is hereby authorised and empowered, and required and directeii, to deduct and retain the amount of money specified in such receipt, and after such deduction he shall immediately, in the presence of such officer, pay the remainder of such bounty to such recruit; and if any such person shall neglect or refuse so to do, he shall for every offence forfeit fifty pounds, to bq recovered as any penalty may be recovered under the laws in force relating to the militia of Ireland: provided always, that in case such recruit shall not be approved of by such officer, or shall desert before or without having arrived at the place of rendezvous, or without being so approved, no part of the bounty so advanced shall be repaid by such officer to the person having provided such recruit as aforesaid.

For providing

XXIV. And in order to provide for such advance, be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the governor or governors of any county, or in their absence, for such person or persons as shall be thereunto specially authorised by the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, by hi; or their order in writing, to direct the collector of his Majesty's excise of the nearest district, to advance to the person appointed as aforesaid for providing recruits, such sum or sums of moneyas such governor or governors or other person or persons so authorised as aforesaid, shall in his or their discretion think necessary, and as shall be specified in such order; and such collector of excise shall accordingly advance and pay the same out of any publick monies in his hands, or received or receivable by him; and such person so appointed as aforesaid for providing recruits, shall apply such money in making the advances herein-before authored

for the advance of mo ©ey to re-

A

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 74.' 323

rifed to such recruits, as may be provided by him on account of their bounty, and shall account for the disposition of all such iurns, and of all sums which shall or may be repaid to him as aforesaid, to the said governor or governors, or other person or persons so authorised as aforesaid, whenever he shall be thereto required, and shall within ten days after he shall be thereto required by such governor or governors, or other person or persons so authorised as aforesaid, pay over such residue or balance of any such money in his hands as shall not be applied to the purposes aforesaid, to the said collector of his Majesty's e*cife: provided always, that such governor or governors, or other person or persons so authorised as aforesaid, shall, before giving any such order as aforesaid, require and take sufficient security from such person appointed as aforesaid, cither from himself or with one or more fuficient surety or sureties, for providing such recruits, by bond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for which no stamp duty shall be payable, in a competent sum, which bond such governor or governors, or other person or persons so authorised as aforesaid, is hereby authorised and empowered to take; and such governor or governors, or other person or persons so authorised as aforesaid, at the time of making such order on such collector for the advance of such sums, shall specify to such collegers the particulars of such security, and the number of recruits to be raised by such persons as aforesaid; and all sums so advanced by such collectors of his Majesty's excise under any such orders as aforesaid, shall be good and valid, and shall be allowed them'in their accounts; and all money so repaid to and received by them shall be carried to account, as other publick money in their hands.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Subsistenceto lawful for such person, so appointed as aforesaid for providing^recru^ts^to recruits* out of any money so put into his hands, to advance for carfy them the subsistence of any man raised and provided under this act from to therendez-the time when such man shall be duly attested, until his arrival vous.

at the place of rendezvous, any sum not exceeding the rate of one shilling British per day; and all sums of money so advanced in respect of any man that shall be approved by the officer appointed for that purpose, shall be repaid to the person providing such recruit, or to his order, by the said approving officer, and shall be accounted for by such person in such manner as is hereinbefore directed with respect to the other sums to be advanced to him as aforesaid under this act; and in case any recruit so provided shall not be approved by such officer, the amount of such subsistence shall be defrayed out of his Majesty's revenues, in such manner as the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or gover-, nors of Ireland for the timebeino; shall direct and appoint in that behalf.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That every man provided

and raised under this act, to serve in such additional forte, shall this act. take the following oath$ (that is to say).

I A.B. do make oath, That to the best of my knowledge and X belief I am years ot age; was^ born

in the parish of in or near to the town in the

county of that I am by trade or occupation

a*that my last place of reUdence was at

in the parish of in or near to the

town of in the county of

in the character or occupation of that I am no ways disabled by Iameness, but have the perfect use of my limbs; that I am not subject to fits, have not rupture, am no apprentice, nor belong to his Majesty's other forces, either army or navy, or marines; and I do further sincerely promise and swear, that I will be faithful and bear true allegiance to his Majesty King George, and that I will faithfully serve his Majesty in Great Britain and Ireland, and the islands of Guernsey, Jer/ejt and Alderney, for the defence of the same, for the period of five years, and further until six months after the termination of any war in which this kingdom may at the expiration of the said period be engaged, by the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, unless I shall sooner be discharged. As witness my hand, this day of

tty whom it Which oath may be administered in like manner, and by such and a<"m* kme Persons* any oat^ may administered to any men raised under the said recited of the last session of parliament, or to any men cftlifted in any of his Majesty's regular forces; and every such man shall be attested in like manner, and by such persons as any man may be attested for his Majesty's regular forces, so far as fitch attestation. or any certificates relating thereto, can be made to apply to the service of any man in the additional foice under this act.

flow men shall be formed into battalions, and may be attached or not to regular forces.

Extent of service.

Appointment of officers.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, from time to time, to cause the private men heretofore raised, or that shall hereafter be raised to serve in such additional force, to be formed into additional or reserved battalions, to be attached to any regiment or battalion of his Majesty's regular forces, or into separate battalions not attached to any other regiment or battalion*

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That none of the said men to be raised by virtue of this act shall be compellable or cora-

glied, on any pretence whatever, to serve out of the United ingdom, and the islands of Guernsey, Jersey^ and Aldernej, unless they shall freely and voluntarily enlist in any of his Majesty's forces for general service, and shall have been for that purpose previously and duly discharged from their service in the additional force to be raised by virtue of this act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty to appoint such officers and non-commilSoned officers to command and discipline such regiments, battalions, or corps, as his Majesty shall think fit j and every such officer, and ..*every

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 74. 325

every non-commissioned officer and druromer in any such regiment, battalion, or corps, and every such private man, from the time of his being sworn as aforesaid, and during the time for which such force shall remain embodied, as well as the additional force to be raised by virtue of this act, shall be subject to all the provisions, rules, regulations, pains, and penalties, as well pains of death as others, as are or may be contained in any act of parliament then in force for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, and any articles of war, made in pursuance thereof; and all the provisions, powers, authorities, pains, penalties, and forfeitures, as well pains of death as others, contained in every such ad and articles of war, shall be in force with respect to the additional force to be raised by virtue of this act, and shall extend to all officers, non* commissioned officers, drummers, and private men of the same, in all cases whatever.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no part of the force to be raised or maintained under this act (such

men only as shall have enlisted for general service excepted) shall embodied* remain embodied for more than six months after the ratification of a definitive treaty of peaee, unless in pursuance of any act or acts of parliament which may be hereafter passed for that purpose.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That at the expiration of m#f

such respective periods within which any men maybe found j*

and provided by any person or persons appointed for that purpose ments of*as aforesaid, or as soon after as the same can be done, the said grand juries* inspector-general, or his deputy, shall, from time to time, transmit to the several and respective treasurers for the several counties and counties of cities in Ireland, ten days at lead previous to every general assizes, or, if to the treasurer of the county and city of Dublin, within fourteen days previous to each presenting term, certificates of the deficiencies and vacancies that remaia to be filled up in their respective counties and counties of cities, specifying the number deficient in each barony or half-barony, and in any parish or place within the same; and the governor or go* vernors of each county shall, in like manner, transmit to the said treasurers, certificates of the amount of such sums as shall have been advanced under the order of such governor or governors in manner aforesaid, to any recruit or recruits, who, after having been provided, shall not have been accepted or approved by the officer appointed for that purpose, specifying the barony or halfbarony, and the parish or place respectively for which such man was provided; and the said treasurers shall, and they are hereby reflectively required to lay the said certificate before the judges of assize on the commission-day of assize, or, in the county and city of Dublin, before the court of King's bench, on the first day of such term; and it shall be lawful for the said judges of assize, or the court, and they are hereby required, upon due inquiry first made in open court, to order and direct such treasurers respectively, to levy on any barony, half-barony, county of a city, parish, or other place, the quotas of which shall appear to be deficient, or on account of which such sum or sums of money shall have he*n fnodvanrnl. tH* amount nf the nenalties under this act.

Treasurers shall pay money levied to the collectors.

526 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 74. [1804.

and of the sum or sums of money so advanced, as if the same had been presented by a grand jury, so that the same shall be raised and levied forthwith.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the several treasurers of the respective counties and counties of cities as aforesaid shall collect and receive the sums so ordered to be levied, and pay the same to the collector of his Majesty's revenue for such county or county of a city; or, in case any county shall be divided into two or more districts, with two or more collectors, then to the collector of that part of such county in which the county town issituate; and every such collector shall, and he is hereby required to give a receipt for all sums of money that shall be so paid to him as aforesaid; and such receipts shall be lodged by the treasurer among the records of the county.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every such

raising men.

Penalties shall be applied m penalties^ when so levied and paid, shall be applied towards the

raising the men for such additional force: provided always, that if at any time after such penalty shall have been levied and paid as aforesaid, and before such notice shall have been given of any recruit having been raised as aforesaid, a man shall be found and provided by the person or persons appointed for that purpose as aforesaid, for any barony or half-barony, parish or place, to supply any deficiency in respect of which such penalty was levied and paid, then and in such case, three-fourth parts of the amount of such penalty shall, under the order of the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, be applied towards the payment and discharge of any fine or fines due from such barony-or half-barony, parish or place; and if no fines shall be due, then shall be paid to the treasurer of the county, to be placed by him to the credit of such barony or half-barony, parish or place, as an advance in account of any future publick cess to be thereafter levied thereon.

Recovery of

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all fines, and also all fines, and arrears of fines, paid or to be paid under the said recited act of the ine^hands7 k session of parliament, and remaining in the hands of any person or persons whatsoever, and also all monies remaining in the hands of any persons whatsoever, arising from any residue of any sums of money paid by or on account of any person balloted to serve in such additional force as aforesaid, for the engaging of any fubditute or volunteer to be enrolled in his (lead, and not subsequently paid over to the persons entitled to receive the same, pursuant to the directions of the said recited act of the last session, and all money received by any high constable, chief constable, sub-constable, or other person, for the purpose of advancing bounties to recruits under this act, and not paid and applied in such manner as by this act is directed, shall be debts to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and may be recovered as such, or in manner directed by this act, or may be levied under the said recited act of the last session of parliament, and shall be transmitted, sent, and paid to the collector of the didrift within which such sums shall be paid, and shall be paid over by such collector to the ^order of the chief secretary of the lord-lieutenant of Inland

the

of persons having received the (amp.

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 74. 327

the benefit of such person or persons as may be jufily entitled to the same.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all such residues of Application any such sums of money as aforesaid, remaining in the hands of bounties of any person or persons whatever, arising out of any monies paid deserters, &c. by or on account of any person balloted to serve in the additional

force raised under the said recited act of the last session of parliament, for the engaging of any substitute or volunteer to be enrolled in his fttrad, and not subsequently paid over to the person entitled thereto, shall, in all cales in which the person so entitled thereto shall have been discharged as unfit for service, or have 'deserted, go and belong to the parish or place for which such man shall have been enrolled to serve, and shall, by the order of the chief secretary of the lord-lieutenant of lrehr.dy be paid to the collector of the publick cess within such parish or place; and all such sums of money, when paid to such collector, shall go and be applied in aid of any publick cess within such parish or place, towards the payment of any fines or assessments under this act; and the surplus (if any) shall be carried to the account of the said cess.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in every case in Recovery of which fines for deficiencies shall not have been or shall not be fines, &c. by levied under the directions of the said recited act of the last session £rofcfsn

of parliament, or of this act, and in every case in which any CXc cc* treasurer of any county shall have negfefted or omitted, or shall neg: eft or omit to pay any sum or sums of money from time to t me payable by him.ro any collector ofexcifc, within twenty-one daysf: er the receipt thereof, or in which any such collector shall tavc neg'efted or shall neglect: or omit to pay the sums leceived by him to the receiver-general of excise, according to the direction* of this act, within twenty-one days after the receipt thereof, and ailb in every case in which any churchwardens of any parish or place, or any co'Jeftor of any publick cess or any other person or persons shall have refused or neglected, or shall refuse or neglect to raise any money required to be raised by the said recited act of the Isft session, or this act, or to pay and apply the same in manner directed by the said recited act, cr this act, and also in every case in which any person or persons"whatsoever, having in their hands any fine or fines, or residues of fines, or sums of money, under the said recited act, at the time of passing of this act, shall not within twenty-one days after the passing of this act, pay and apply the same according to law, it shall be lawful for his Majesty's court of exchequer in Ireland\ and the same court is hereby authorised, on the application of his Majesty's attorney-general, by motion to the said court in a summary way, to hear 2nd determine on the matter of such application; and if on notice of such application to the clerk of the peace, and the treasurer of the county (in cases where fines have not been duly levied), and in such and all other cases, on notice of application to such person or persons respectively, in relation to whom such application shall have been made, as the case may require, or as the said

court

328 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 74. [1804.

court shall direct, no sufficient cause shall be shewn for such neg-]e6t9 default, or omission as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said court of exchequer to fine any such county* or the treasurer thereof, or any person or persons against whom such application shall be made, in any sum not exceeding double the amount of the sum that ought to have been levied or applied, paid or accounted for, as the case may require, and to cause the same to be levied by distringas, or other process, applicable to the nature of the case, according to the rules and practice of the said court of, exchequer.

Meetings may XXaVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That times ftibfe- if through the neglect or mistake of any governor or deputy go-quest to times vernors, or of any clerk of any general meeting, or other officer appointed. or person, or from any other cause, any meeting required to be held for any of the purposes of this act shall not be held within the period herein prescribed, a special meeting may and shall be forthwith summoned and holden for the purposes for which any such meeting ought to have been holden pursuant to this act, as soon after the period as may be* and if any ad, matter, or thing, by this act required to be done at any meeting as aforesaid, shall not be performed at such meeting, it shall be lawful for the persons respectively authorised and required to do any such ad, matter, or thing, to carry the same into execution at any subsequent j meetings and all such meetings so summoned as aforesaid, and all acts, matters, and things respectively which shall be done and performed at any such meetings as aforesaid, shall be as good, valid, and effectual, to all intents and purposes, as if such meetings had been so summoned, and such acts, matters, and things, had been done pursuant to the directions of this act. fr*i!ion*r'-

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all provisions tie* fllall m*1"* dsufcs* matters, and things whatever, in this act contained, re-tend to coun- lating to counties, shall extend and be construed to extend to all ties of cities, counties of cities and counties of towns, and to all places having &c.

Powers of

militia and defencemans extended to this an*

a separate governor or governors, for the purposes of this act, or the said recited act of the last session of parliament, as fully and amply as if they were severally and respectively repeated in every such provision, direction, and clause, and with relation to every such matter or thing.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all the powers, provides, rules, regulations, forfeitures, penalties, clauses, matters, and things, contained in any act or acts relative to the militia of /r*-landj and in the said recited act of the last session of parliament, for raising and assembling an additional military force in Ireland, shall, in (o far as the same are not altered, varied, or repealed, or other and different provisions made \n relation to such additional force under this act, be applied and practised for the purposes of this act, and as to the additional force required by this act, in as full and ample a manner as if the said powers, provisoes, rules, regulations, forfeitures, penalties, clauses, matters and things, were again repeated and enacted in this act.

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 74. 329

XL. Provided always, and be it enacted, That none of the Except as to provisions or clauses in the said acts, or any or either of them the families of contained, shall extend or be construed to extend to the autho- erfaffing riling, allowing, or giving any allowances or sums of money or this act. provision, for the wives or families of any men raised for the additional force under this act, after the passing thereof; and that No remunera-no sum shall be given, paid, or allowed to any person or persons tlo.'Jt£^as a remuneration for their pains and labour in executing the pro- £*der visions of this act, unless the governor or governors of the re- county-go-spedlive counties shall put his or their Agnature to the order for vernor. that purpose; any thing in the said recited acts, or any of them,

10 the contrary notwithstanding.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That this act may be altered. A# may be varied, or repealed, by any act or acts to be passed in this fcifion ? rc'

fp»w»?r si, h"

SCHEDULES

33<? Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 74. [1804.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

I

Schedule [A.]

ACCOUNT of Ti/pcaor-General of the ARMY ci RESERVE, or his Deputy, in, for

of

Men received - - 300 4 Quota -

Men discharged as unfit 30 Effe&ives who are

now serving* or who have enlisted

Dead - 10.for General Ser-

vice - 240

Deserted - 90

- 60 Deficiency no

240

G. A. InspcQor-General of Army of Reserve it

Ireland;

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 74. 331

Schedule [B.]

SUBDIVISION of In 'he

County of

Birony of Names of Men. Date of Enrolment Penalties

A. ? Principals. Substitutes. Vuluntee: 8. and Finch p., J

Parish of)St. George 3 Sam1 Jones - April 2.

- Xho» Smith - 1-20

- Edwd Smith - John Nalh -

Swords Will" Grey - John Merks

Half Barony of*4

Paish of A.

B.'*

Totals - 1 a

(Signed) A.B. Clerk to Subdivision-Meeting*.

J3& Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 74.

[1&04.

Schedule [C.]

RETURN of Clerk of General Meetings of the County of

Quota of County 330.

Subdivision of A. Quota 18 Subdivision of B. Quota 14J Subdivision of C. Quota 51.

Barony of G. Parish of C. xo. Barony of IL Parish of £. 5* Half Barony of I. Parish of F. xi.

Vico ratted and enrolled Discharged Dead. DeCcrted Mm raised and enrolled Dif- clurged. Dead. Ddarted. Men raised and carolled. Oil. charged. Dtxi. Deferri

A.B. C.D. E.F. G.H I.K. L.M. X X X

6 I I I

Half-Barony of K. Parish of Da 8.

A.B. C. D E.F. G.H. X / X X Parish of

4 I I I '

A.B.

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 74. 333

4

Schedule [D.]

i

CERTIFICATE of the Deputy Governors of the of

Total Quota of the of.300

8ubdivision of B. Quota 50.

Barony of D. Quotas. Men raised and enrolled. Dischaised. Dead. Deferred. Deficiency. Men entifted in Army.

Parish of A.B. C.

Totals -

Subdivision of B* Quota 60.

Barony of E. Quotas. Men rsHed and enrolled. Discharged. Dead. Deserted. Deficiency. Menenlffledtn Any.

Parish of A.B. C.

Totals - :.

Confirmed, (Signed) Deputy-Governor*.

E.F. Clerk of General Meetings.

(N.B. Where new Apportionments have been made, new Quotas must be (petrified, because Deficiencies, arising from Vacancies must be altered in consequence.X

334 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 74. [1804.

Schedule [E.]

LIST of Subdivisions and Baronies, and Half-Baronies, [#r, Parishes, as the case may be'] in the Order in which Men are to be recruited fot the Year 1805, or (as cafi may*)

1. Subdivision of D.

1. Barony of C. 2. Barony of M. V 3, Half-Barony of P.

2. Subdivision of E,

1. Parish of A. 2. Parish of B. 3. PariOi of C.

Ascertained by Bailot, at a General Meeting of the above County, held at on the Day of 180

(Signed) A.B. Clerk of General Meeting*.

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 75. 335

CAP. LXXV.

in8 for enabling subjects of foreignfates to enlijl as soldiers in his Majestfs service, and for enabling his Majesty to grant commissions to Jttbjefls of foreign Jlatcs to serve as officers or as engineers, under certain rejirifiions; and to indemnify all per fins who may have ad- vijed his Majesty to enlist any fuel) soldiers, or grant anyfuck comm if-Jr.ns as aforesaid.

[July 14* 1804.]

WHEREAS it hath been deemed expedient by his Majesty, in order to provide in the fpiedicfl manner for the better defence end greater security of the United Kingdom, in the present important juncture ef affair/, to permit certain foreigners> now in Great Britain* tunlifi 05 soldiers into his Majestfs service, and for the better dif-ciplining of such soldiers, to form them into regiments, battalions, or tsrpi, and to grant commissions or letters of service therein^ to certain fiuign officers acquainted with their manners and language; and it mj be expedient, during tin continuance of the present war, to augment such regiment, battalions, or corps, and to form other regiments, battalions, or corps, and to enlijl as soldiers to serve therein respectively such other foreigners as shall be willing to enlijl themselves in his Ada-jiffs service; and also to enable his Majesty h grant commissions or litters of service to foreign officerst therein; and it is proper, that all per-Jm who shall or may have advised his Majesty to enlijl such foldierst and to grant such commissions or letters of service as aforesaid, should be indemnified; and it is necessary that quarters should be provided for such regiments, battalions, or corps, during their continuance in any fart of the United Kingdom: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confetu of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all Foreign fo1-such foreign soldiers as have been already enlisted into his Majesty's service, and formed into regiments, battalions, or corps, as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to have been and to be regiment* legally and effectually enlisted and formed; and all such commit (hnllbe deem-fions or letters of service as have been already granted by his Ma- cd legally en-jetty to any foreign officers in such regiments, battalions, or formed11 and corp*, ft1^ be deemed and taken to have been and to be le- commissions gaily and effectually. granted, and shall remain and continue in granted tofo-force in like manner in all respects as if such soldiers had heen en-lifted and formed, and such commissions or letters of service had0151* v^been granted, after the passing and under the provisions of this aci; and all and every persons or person who shall or may have advised his Majesty to enlist such soldiers, and to grant such commissions or letters of service as aforesaid, shall be, and they and he are or is hereby fully and effectually indemnified; any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawfulSuc^ for his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, from time to time, to ^femented augment such regiments, battalions, or corps, so already formed as not toex-as, aforesaid, and to form any other regiments, battalions, or corps, ceed xo}oo*

and racn*

Subjects of foreign states nay calaft and accept commissions.

entitled to If-pay; Majesty may make

J>rovision for iich as are wounded in the service, SCCm

336 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 75. [1804.

and to that end to enlist as soldiers to serve in any such regiments, battalions, or corps, any foreigners who shall voluntarily enter themselves as soldiers to serve therein: provided always, that there shall not be, within any part of the United Kingdom, more in the whole than ten thousand men serving in such regiments, battalions, or corps, at any one time.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for such persons subjects of any foreign dates, as shall be willing to serve his Majesty, to enlist as soldiers, and to accept commissions or letters of service, to serve as officers or engineers, from his jesty, his heirs and successors, or from any persons duly authorised by his Majesty to gfrant such commissions or letters of service (which commissions and letters of service it shall be lawful for his Majesty, or for any persons duly authorised in that behalf Officers when as aforesaid, to grant): provided always, that no such officer, reduced not when he shall be reduced, shall be entitled to receive half-pay: entitled to^ provided nevertheless, that when any such officer shall be rendereJ his Majesty incapable of military service by wounds or infirmities, contrasted while he shall be discharging his military duty during the period of his continuing to serve as such officer under the provisions of this act, then and in such case it shall be lawful for his Majesty to make such provision for such officer as he shall think proper and necessary, so that such provision shall in no case exceed the half-pay of the rank in the British service, similar to that which such officer shall have held at the time of his becoming so incapableas aforesaid: provided also, that no such person as aforesaid shall be liable to any pain, penalty, or forfeiture whatever, for having accepted any such commimon, orenlifted as a soldier in any such regiments, battalions, or corps as aforesaid, by reason of his hav.; ing professed the Popish religion, and not having declared the same at the time of his accepting such commission or enlisting. Foreigners

IV. And be it further enacted, That all officers, non-com-?nHCr m*ffi°ned officers, drummers, and private soldiers respectively jedt to the ar- fcrv^ng under the provisions of this act, shall, whilst in his Ma-ticlcs of war, jesty* service as aforesaid, be subject and liable to such articles of kc. war as his Majesty hath established or may think fit to establish

for the better government of the said forces, and for bringing offenders against the same to justice, and for constituting courts-martial with power to try, hear, and determine any crimes or offences by such articles of war, and inflict penalties, by (entente or judgement of the same, and may be billeted and quartered, and be received and provided for in quarters; in the same man- ner, to all intents and purposes, as my of his Majesty's regular forces in the United Kingdom now sJe or by law may be billeted and quartered, and received and provided for in quarters: provided always, that no officer, non*commissioned officer, drummer, or soldier, shall by such articles of war, be subject to any punishment extending to life or limb, for any crime which is not expressed to be so punishable by an act of this session of parliament, intituled,

An act for punishing mutiny and desertion % and for the bitter payment the army and their quarters 5 nor for such crimes as are expressed — to

A

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 76, 77. 337

to be lo punishable in the said act, in any manner or under any regulations which shall not accprd with the provisions of the said act: provided also, that every person who shall be enjifted as a soldier under the authority of this act, shall be attested in such manner as his Majesty shall direct, by such articles of war and not otherwise; and that such officers, non-commissioned officers, drummers, and private soldiers respectively shall take such oath for their fidelity, during their continuance in his Majesty's service, as his Majesty QmIJ in like manner direct, and no other.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this act Qf>"^, uanc, shall continue in force during the present war, and until one year after the termination thereof by the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, and no longer.

CAP. LXXVI.

An act for settling and securing a certain annuity on the viscountess Kfl-warden, and on the family of the late Arthur lord viscount KiiwarJtn. —

[July 14*]

Annuity of i, soo/. payable out of the consolidated fund of Ireland, shall be paid quarterly to the viscountess Kilwarden for her life. After her death toot. to the present vitcount Kilwarden, and 4001 to Mary Anne and Elizabeth, daughters of the late viscount Kilwarden for their lives: snd after their death to the next successor to the title of viscount Kilwar* den. Acquittance of viscountess Kilwarden, &c. to be a sufficient dif-chirge. Annuity not to be conveyed or incumbered.

CAP. LXXVII.

An act to render valid certain marriages solemnized in certain churches and publick chapels in which banns had not vfually been published before or at the time of passing an act, made' in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intitule An act for the better preventing of clandestine. marriages.

[July 14, 1804.]

\\THERE h^since the making of an act, passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the better preventing of clandestine marriages; % 6 Geo. s. and also of an act passed in the twenty frjl year of the reign of his c. 33-present Majesty, intituled An Act to render valid certain marriages si Geo. 3. solemnized in certain churches and publick chapels in which barms c,3* had not usually been published before or at the timp of patting an act, made, in the twenty-sixth year of King George the Second, intituled, ' An act for the better preventing of clandestine marriages, divers churches and chapels have bun erected and built within that part of Great Britain calied, England, Wales, and town of, Berwick-upon-Tweed, which have been duly conficrated, and divers marriages have been solemnized therein since the passing of the said last mentioned act i but9 by reason that in such churches and chapels banns of matrimony had not ufisally been pftblijbsd before or at the f ime of passing the said fir^mentioned act9such marriages have been or may be deemed io le void: may it therefore pi case your Majesty that it Rendering may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King*s most excellent Vo*. XLV. Majesty, nized in

I

have solem nized such marriages*

Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 77.

[1804. chapels majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembM,

s* 5* and by the authority of the same, That all marriages already so-

letnnized, or to be solemnized before the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five, in any church or publick chapel in that part of Great Britain called England Wales > and the town of Berwick-upon-Tweed^ erected since the making of the said act of the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and consecrated, shall be as good and valid in law as if such marriage had been solemnized in parish churches, or publick chapels having chapelries annexed, and wherein banns had usually beon published before or at the time of passing the said last mentioned act.

Indemnifying

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ministerg who all parsons, vicars, ministers, and curates, who, before the said^r*twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five, shall nave solemnized any of the marriages which are herebj enacted to be valid in law, shall be and they are hereby indemnified against the penalties inflicted by the said act of the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his said late majesty King George the Second, upon persons who shall solemnize marriages in any other place than a church or publick chapel in which banns bad been usually published before or at the time of passing the said last mentioned act.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the regiders of marriages solemnized or to be solemnized in the said churches or chapels, which are hereby enacted to be valid in law, or copies thereof, shall be received in all courts of law and equity as evidence of such marriages, in the same manner as the regiders of such marriages solemnized in parish churches or pub-lid: chapels in which banns were usually published before or at the time of passing the said act of the twenty-sixth year of the jeign of his said late majesty King George the Secona, or copies thereof, are received in evidence: provided nevertheless, that in all such courts the same objections shall be available to the receiving such regiders or copies in evidence, as would have been available to the receiving the same as evidence, if such regiders or copies had related to marriages mentioned in such last mentioned parish churches or publick chapels as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the regiders of all marriages solemnized in any publick chapels, solemnized in which are hereby enacted to be valid in law, shall, within fourteen diapcls, to..days after the said twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five, be removed to the parish church of the parish in which such chapel shall be situated, and in case such chapel: shall be situated in an extra-parochial place, theft to the parish church next adjoining to such extra-parochial place, to be kept with the marriage regiders of such parish, and in like manner as parish regiders are directed to be kept by the said z& of the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his said late majesty King Garp the Second.'

Regiders of such marriages to be received as evidence.

Regiders of marriages

be removed to the parish churches adjoining.

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 78 — 80. 339 CAP. LXXVIII.

An act for making compensation to the proprietors of certain lands and hereditaments, situate at Weedon Beck in the county of Northampton, purchased in pursuance of an act, made in the forty-third year of his present Majesty, for erecting buildings thereon for the service of his Majesty's ordnance.

[July 14, 1804.]

CAP. LXXIX.

An act to vest certain messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments in trusteea, for better recuring his Majesty's docks, ships, and (lores, at Chatham, and for the use of his Majesty's ordnance at Warley Common and Woolwich.

[July 14, 1804.]

CAP. LXXX.

An act for the better support of his Majestys household, and of the honour and dignity of the Crown of the United Kingdom; and for preventing accumulation of arrears in the payments out of the civil list revenues.

[July 20, 1804.]

May it please your most excellent Majesty,

WHEREAS by two several acts, passed in the first and seventeenth years respectively of your Majesty's feign, the clear yearly rents or Turns of eight hundred thousand pounds, and one hundred thousand pounds, respectively, were granted to your Majesty; and were, by another ad, passed in the twenty* seventh year of your Majesty's reign, made payable out of and charged upon the consolidated fund: and whereas the same hath, flora various causes, become inadequate to the purposes for which the said grants were made, and it is expedient that an addition should be made thereto; We, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in parliament affejmbled, with hearts full of the warmest gratitude for the inestimable blef&ngs which your subjects do enjoy under your Majesty's most auspicious government, do pray your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefenrparliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That there be granted to his Majesty, during his life A farther (which God long preserve), over and besides the said several fran^ sums of eight hundred thousand pounds, and one hundred thousand pounds, respectively, the further revenue or yearly rent of sixty thousand pounds, to commence from the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and four, and that the same ftiajl be charged and chargeable upon, and payable and paid out of the consolidated fund, in like manner, and according to»the same rules and under the same authorities, powers, and provisions, as the said sums of eight hundred thousand pounds, and one hundred thousand pounds, are by the said several alts now charged and paid, as fully and effectually as if the clauses of the said act9 relating thereto were re enacted in this act.

z 2 II. And

£40 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 8i, 8l.

[1804.

II. And whereas by an aflpassed in the twenty-feconiyear of the i* Geo. 3. reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for enabling his

1.1 Majesty to discharge the debt contracted upon his civil list

revenues, and for preventing the same from being in arrear for the future, by regulating the mode of payments out of the said revenues, and by suppressing or regulating certain offices therein mentioned, which are now paid out of the revenues of the civil list, provision is made for the payment of his Majesty's civil list in different clajfes, according to an order of payment therein specified: and whereas it is expedient that more effectual provision should be made for preventing accumulation of arrears, in any of the fend claps, without the knowledge of parliament; fbe it therefore further froviftonfor enacted, That, from and after the said fifth day of July one preventing thousand eight hundred and four, whenever any of the said of arrears in* d*58 shall have become inrrear more than two quarters, the any of the lords-commissioners for executing the office of lord-b'igh-trea-claires, with- surer for the time being shall cause an account of such arreir, out the know- anj the cjafs or ciaflres on which the same shall have arisen, to lfamenL* be laid before the house of commons, within one month after the same shall have arisen, if parliament shall be then fitting, or if parliament shall not then be fitting, within fourteen days after the next fitting of parliament.

CAP. LXXXI.

An act for enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of two millions five hundred thousand pounds for the use and purposes therein mentioned.

[July »o, 1804.]

His Majesty may empower the treasury to cause loans to be received or exchequer*bills to be made out for 1, 500, 000l. any time before January s» 1805, agreeably to Geo. 3. c. 16. Exchequer bills to be signed by the anditor. Powers of Geo. 3. c. 16. to extend to this act. Loans or exchequer-bills chargeable on the first aids granted next session, and if not granted before July 5, 1805; to be paid out of the consolidartd fund. Monies issued from the consolidated fund to be replaced out of the first supplies. Bank, in case of invasion, may advance the money hereby authorised to be raised.

CAP. LXXXII.

An act to obviate certain inconveniencies which have keen experienced in the accountant-general's office in the court of chancery, in the execution, of an act made in the loft feffio* of parliament, fir granting a contribution on the profits arising from property, frs* sessions, trades, and offices.

[July 20, 1804.]

43 Geo. 3. c* m.

WHEREAS by an off, passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty, until the sixth day of May next after the ratification of a definitive treat; of peace, a contribution on the profits arising from property, professions, trades, and offices, the accountant-general of the court of chancery was made answeroble, or intended to be made answeroble^ for the doing all such acts, matters, and things, as, according U the true intent and meaning of the said act, use re. required, or intended /*

be

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 8*. 341

be required, to be done by him: and whereat not only by reason of the nature of the office of the said accountant-general\ but atfo of the extent and course of the business of the said courts it is highly inconvenient, if not impracticable, (due regard being bad to the interest and regular payment of the suitors of the said court), that the said accountant-general fbouli do such acts, matters, and things, and more efptciaOy if not author fid so to do by the order or orders of the said cewrt, directing how and in what manner, and at what times the same should he done: be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual' and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflem* bled, and by the authority of the same, That the said accountant* TIJec*oun^ general shall not be answerable for or required to do any of the cha^rynotn acts, matters, or things, for the doing whereof he is or was required to intended to be answerable, or is or was required to do by the comply with said recited act, unless he shall be required to do the same, by some order or orders of the said court made for that purpose, ^and it shall be lawful for the said court to make any order or cases only orders, either general or special, touching all or any of such acte, where he shall matters, or things. have the order

II. And whereas by an order of the said court, hearing date the °*the COUI. eighth day of November one thousand eight hundred and three, it was ordered as follows: a Upon hearing his Majesty's attorney- Order of general, praying the directions of this court, in respect of the manner court, dated in which the accountant-general of this court should retain the duty upon dividends of flock payable under the orders of this court, in con- deSninjf of fermity to the act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An duty on divi-act for granting to his Majesty, until the sixth day of May next deads, recited* after the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, a contribution on the profits arising from property, prosessions, trades, and offices, it appeared to this court, that by the said tiCi, atto fetch dividends as by tie said orders of this court, made or to be made* are payable to persons or parties, in fitch orders respectively named, the accountant-general is not required by the said act to retain any duty thereupon, the persons or parties to whom the same are payable appearing to this court to he liable to be otherwise assessed for the same, as part of the income of such perfms or parties, and this court doth thereupon order that the accountant-general do draw for the sums mentioned in such orders respectively \ but it appearing to this court that in all cases in which any orders have been or shall be made for laying out any dividends due or payable on or after Midsummer Day last, except the dividends on Bank flock. South Sea flock, and East India flock, in the purchase of any flock, that the duty impofld by the said dct ought to be retained out of the dividends ordered or to be ordered to be Jo laid out, this court doth order that the accountant-general shall, until further order, in all such cases draw only for fa much of the sums directed by such orders respectively to be drawn for as shall be the amount of the same respectively, after deducting the sum of one flitting in the pound, the duty imposed by the said act, and that the sum so to be deducted shall remain in the Bank notwithstanding any orders as aforesaid, subject to this court's further orderbe it

therefore

542 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 82.

[1804. Accountant- therefore further enacted, That the said accountant-general shall ^aopN^uch aPP'y sura* as ^avc been or retained by virtue of

sums as have kid order, to the use of his Majesty in such manner as the been or shall said court shall, by any order or orders general or special, direct; be retained and which order or orders the said court is hereby authorised to fJch^rdw ma^c ^or PurP°^c of trying into eflFeft the provisions of the in such man- fa*d act as nearly as may be according to the judgement of the ner as the said court.

court shall

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the direct passing of this act, nothing in the said recited act contained shall ACCc°rad n6t" bc ^cenlc<* or ta^en to render or to have rendered the said ac-fjable tp"any countant-general in any manner whatsoever, or to any intent assessment or whatsoever, answerable for, or to be or to have been liable to penahy, under any assessment, charge, penalty, or demand whatsoever, for or in forco*fin rc*P?^be doing or having done, or the omitting or neg-wfcluheor- idling to do, or the having omitted or neglected to do any a§, der of court. matter, or thing which the said accountant-general was required to do or made answerable for, or was intended to be required to do or made answerable for, by the said recited act, except so far as the said accountant-general shall have refused or neglected to obey or comply, or shall refuse or neglect to obey or comply, with any order or orders heretofore or hereafter to be made by the said court as aforesaid, in respect of any acts, matters, or things required by the said act to have been done, or to be done by the said accountant-general.

Officers of

IV. And be it further enacted, That, to the intent more chancery and effectually to enable the said court to carry into effect any order and omp^ny or orc*ers thereof, touching any a<3s, matters, or things, required of the Bank7 by the said recited act, or which the said court is hereby enabled to obey the to make, the said accountant-general, and all other officers of order of the tf, e said court of chancery, and the governor and company of the bank of England, are respectively hereby required duly to perform and execute all such acts, matters, and things, as by them respectively shall, in or by any order or orders of the said court, be required to be performed or executed, touching any a#$, matters, or things, required by the said recited act.

V. And whereas it is nasonable that compensation should he mait for the trouble and expend whieb will be occasioned in the office of tb< accountant-general by the execution of the several matters required ($ be done by the said recited acts or this act\ and that the same should tret be made out of the money belonging to the suitors of the said court; bc She made 11 ^urt^er crtacted, That it shall be lawful for the lord-chancellor, by the trea- lord-keeper, or lords-commissioners fqr the great seal, or the fury, for master of the rolls, for the time being, to certify to the lordt-'trouble oc- of of his Majesty's treasury, from time to time, what the offic % t ^ums aPPcar to thetn respectively jo be reasonable to be the account-i allowed, and to what person or persons in respect of such ant-general, trouble or expenefc as aforesaid; and that it shall be thereupon lawful for the said lords-commissioners of the treasury to give such direSions as may be necessary for the payment thereof, of any part thereof, out of any of the sums of money charged or

chargeable

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 83. 343

chargeable under the said recited act or this act, and to be raised out of any dividends of funds under the management of the said court of chancery; and which directions all pprfons concerned are hereby authorised and required to obey*

CAP. LXXXIII.

An act for regulating the appointment of commissioners to act in the execution of an act of the last session of parliament, for granting to his Majesty a contribution on the profits arising from property, pro-fiffionsi trades, and offices — [July 20, 1804.]

WHEREAS an act was made in the UJl session of parliament,

intituled An act for granting to his Majesty, until the 43 Oeo., sixth day of May next after the ratification of a definitive treaty c- m* of peace, a contribution on the profits arising from property, profeffipns, trades, and offices: and whereas it is expedient that certain of the provisions and regulations for choosing of should be altered and amended, so as more effectually to secure a due execution thereof: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflem* bled, and by the authority of the same, Tfiat.in every district Commission* where the of acting in the execution of the said act "^tu?the!? shall not have completed their year's assessments, and collection year's assefT-thereof, before the times limited by the said act for appointing raents and new of for the subsequent year, and the said commifr cohesion are sioners shall be willing to continue to act as such of comPlcted* in the execution of the said act, no new appointment of commissioners shall be required $ and if in^ any such district a new Any new ap-appointment of of shall have taken or shall take pointment place, either at a general meeting of the commissioners of land- tax, or at a district meeting of such commissioners, whereby appointed com-commissioner or of appointed for the prior year's missioners are assessment, and willing to act as such commissioner or commif- willing toad* sioners shall have been or shall be removed before the year's assessment shall have been completed as aforesaid, the appoint* went of any other commissioner or of, in the room of the commissioner or of removed and willing to ad, shall be and is hereby declared void, and it shall be lawful for the commissioner or of so first appointed to continue to act as a commissioner or of by virtue of such appointment, notwithstanding fuefi second or after-appointment of of; and where any appointment of commifr Appointment sioners for the first year's assessment under the said act shall have taken place after the times limited by the said act, and the com- first^eav'aW missioners so appointed have begun to ad in the execution of the assessment said act, every such appointment is hereby declared valid, and after the thne the of acting under such appointment for the first dc-

year's assessment are hereby indemnified for all acts which com*-cUrc v^tniffioqers duly appointed may lawfully do under the said act.

344 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 83. [1804.

Power of

II. And be it further enacted, That in and for every district holding gene- where there shall not be sufficient of according to of thecon? the directions of the said act to carry the same into execution, nutfioncra of the power of holding a general meeting of the commissioners of land-tax, in land-tax shall be extended, for the present year, until the tenth ^he^hal^not ^(r one thousand eight hundred and four, until which

feTfofficion; t*mc the P°^ers of the said act In relation to such nomination number of may be carried into execution; and every such general meeting of already held pursuant to the said act for such purpose, although r°clt aftthC a^tcr the time limited by the said act, shall be deemed valid, and extended till ^'c appointment of commissioners at such meeting is hereby Oct. 10, 1804, confirmed, except where by such nomination any commissioner &c. or of acting for the first year's afleument shall be

willing to continue to act, in which case the nomination of any other person or persons to act in his or their place shall be null and void; and all appointments made or to be made at any district meeting of such of, where a general meeting Hull have been held, or shall be held before the day limited by this act, are hereby declared to be null and void.

Powers for

III. And be it further enacted, That the sheriff of every convening ge- county in England, or his deputy, and the sheriff depute or sub-ings ancTap- ^>tuten every county in Scotland, and the chief magistrare of pointing com- every city, borough, cinque port, town, and place in Great Bri-missioners, tain, where such general meeting is required to be holden, shall, on notification thereof from the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, convene the same accordingly at the usual or most proper place for holding such meetings; and where the powers of the said act for the appointment of of shall not have been duly executed, or where the of appointed shall not have taken upon themselves the execution of the said act, the sheriff, or his deputy, or the chief magistrare aforesaid in England and the sheriff depute, or substitute, or chief magistrare aforesaid in Scotland, shall, by the direction of the lords-commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, and by their nomination, cause to be appointed sufficient persons, qualified as directed by the said act, to be of for the purposes of the said act, or assistant of, as the case may require; which of so nominated and appointed shall have full I power to carry the said act into execution, as well with respect to the assessments to be made in the year of such appointment as for any prior year or years in which any default shall have been made in carrying the said act into execution, and for such period of time as the said lords-commissioners shall limit and I appoint.

Vacancies of

IV. And be it further enacted, That all vacancies happening howto 1be*1* lhin the year shall, if the same cannot be supplied from the fpppticd. lift of of for the purpose of supplying vacancies as directed by the said act, be filled up, by the appointment of the remaining acting of, from such persons as shall be duly qualified to be appointed such of; and in all fafes it shall be lawful for any of the persons appointed to supply

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 84. 345

vacancies to act as assistant of in the same districts, if the commissioners for the purposes of the said act in the same districts Hull think proper to appoint them, or any of them, to that office.

CAP. LXXXIV.

in act to permit certain persons in the office of ordnance, and the quarter-master-general, to send and receive letters free from the duty of pojtage; and to enable the board of ordnance, the adjutant-general, the quarter -master-general, and the borrack-master-generalj to authorise persons in their offices to fend Utters free from the said duty.

[July 20, 1804.]

WHEREAS an act was made in the fortysecond year of the

reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act to authorise Geo. 3. the sending and receiving of letters and packets, vote*, pro. c. 63. ceedings in parliament, and printed newspapers, by the port, free from the duty of postage, by the members of the two houses of parliament of the United Kingdom, and by certain publick officers therein named; and for reducing the pottage on such votes, proceedings, and newspapers, when lent by any other person: and whereas the privilege of sending and receiving letters and packets free from the duty of pojtage is not by the said all extended to the master-general ef his Majesty's ordnance, to either of the secretaries of the said master-general, to the fe&etary to the board of ordnance, to the inspector-general of fortifications, or to the quarter-master-general of his Majesty's forces, who, by virtue of their respective offices, necessarily send and receive many letters and packets relating to the publick concerns of this kingdom: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the paging of this act, the Master-rgeite-matter-general of his Majesty's ordnance, one of the secretaries °^the to the said matter-general, the secretary to the board of ordnance {^fp^or-'the inspector-general of fortifications, and the quarter^matter^ general and general of his Majesty's forces, all for the time being, shall quarter-mak and may send and receive letters and packets free from the duty of postage, in the same manner and under such restrictions J^eiveler-as the commander in chief of his Majesty's forces for the time ten free from being, and other officers of his Majesty* forces, therein spe- poitage. eified, are thereby permitted, in respect of their offices, to send and receive letters and packets free from the duty of pottage.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be The ord-lawful to and for the lieutenant-general and principal officers of his Majesty's ordnance to authorise and dire# certain persons, neJrai, the'not exceeding two in number, in their office or department; quarter-mat* and to and for the adjutant-general of his Majesty's forces for ter-general, the time being, to authorise and direct certain persons, not ex- rok-master* ceeding two in number, in his office or department; and to general, m*y

and appoint ccr*

346 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 85, 86. [1804.

tain persons and for the said quarter-master-general of his Majesty's forces to indorse let- for the time being, to authorise and direct certain persons, not packets to be exceeding two in number, in his office or departitient; and to sent free from and for the bar rack-m after-general of his Majesty's forces for their offices, the time being, to authorise and direct one person in his office

&C'

or department (a list of whose flames shall from time to time be transmitted to the general post-offices in London and Dublin), feveratly and respectively to make and subscribe an indorsement upon letters and packets, to be sent by the post free from their respective offices, which shall concern the publick business of such offices or departments, signifying that such letters and packets are upon his Majesty's servicej which letters and packets, being so subscribed and sealed with the respective seals of the said lieutenant-general and principal officers of his Majesty's ordnance for the time being, the said adjutant-general for the time being, the said quarter-master-general for the time being, and the said barrack-njafterrgeneral for the time being respectivelj, shall and may b? sent and conveyed by the post free from

vn^ing in-

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if dorfement on any person authorised to make and subscribe such indorsement letters not shall knowingly make the same, or procure the Tame to be S?11?inf ma4*, upon any letter or packet which does not really con-flftheoCDce. cern business of office or department to which he shall^' belong, such person shall for the fifft offence forfeit and pay

the sum of fifty pounds, -to be recovered and applied in such manner as by the act of the ninth year of the reign of Queen Anne, for establishing a general post office, is directed with respect to the penalties inflidi^d by the said act j and for the second offence shall be dismissed frpiq his office.

CAP. LXXXV.

An act for further continuing, for seven years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffien of parliament, an act, made in the twelfth year of his present Majesty, for encouraging the manufacture of leather, by lowering the duty payable upon the importation of oak bark, when the price of such bark shal| exceed a certain rate.

[July

no, 1804.]

CAP. LXXXVI.

An act for reviving, amending, and further continuing fareral laws relating to the more effectual encouragement of the British fisheries, until the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and six $ ind to the encouragement of the trade and manufactures of the Isle of Man, to the improving the revenue thereof, and the more effectual prevention of smuggling to and from the said island, until the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and five.

[July so, 1804.]

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 87. 347 CAP. LXXXVII.

An act to amend an act passed in the thirty ninth and fortieth years of his present Majesty, intituled An act for settling disputes that may arise between matters and workmen engaged in the cotton manufacture in that part of Great Britain called England.

[July 20, 1804.]

WHEREAS by an act9 pajfci in the thirty-ninth and fortieth

years of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act 39 & 40 GEO. 3. for settling disputes that may arise between matters and work-6*?0"' men engaged in the cotton manufacture in that part of Great Britain called England, provisions were enabled for settling all disputes that arise in respect of such manufacture9 between the masters and workmen engaged therein9 by way of arbitration, by two arbitrators9one to be chosen by each party at his discretion: and whereas the mode intended to be thereby established hath not produced the beneficial effects expected therefrom: and whereas it is therefore expedient that so much of the said recited act of the thirty-ninth and fortieth years aforesaid, as relates to the settling such disputes by arbitration in manner therein mentioned9 should be amended: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That so much of the said So much of recitea act of the thirty-ninth and fortieth years aforesaid, as 39

relates to settling such disputes as aforesaid by arbitration, in* manner therein directed, and also so far as regards the powers latrs to set-of the arbitrators to administer an oath or oaths to the parties tlingdifputea or their witnesses, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and arbltrfuj that, from andf after the passing of this act, all such disputesWon rc*

shall be settled and determined in manner by this act directed.

II. And be it further enacted, That, in all cases where an ar- Where parties bitration may be demanded by the said recited act, where the a8r^to ah?dc party complaining and the party complained of, shall come natio^Sv* before or agree, by any writing under their hands, to abide by justice, the the determination of any justice of the peace or magistrate of matter In disc any county, city, town, or place, within which the parties 5utenay be reside, it shall and may be lawful for such justice of the peace hyhTm, or magistrate to hear and finally determine in a fommary manner the matter in dispute between such parties; but if such Where parties parties shall not come before, or so agree to abide by the de-do not 10 termination of such justice of the peace or magistrate, then it shall be lawful for any such justice or magistrate, and such justice the party com-of the peace or magistrate is hereby required, on complaint plained of, made before him, and proof by the examination of the party, and appoint* making such complaint, that application has been made to the atrequestof person or persons against whom such cause of complaint has {^owtofct-arisen, or his, her, or their agent or agents, if such depute has tie the matter arisen with such agent or agents, to settle such dispute, and in dispute.

348 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 87. [1804.

that the same hat not been settled upon such complaint being made, or where thedifpute relates to a bad warp, such cause of complaint shall not be done away within forty-eight hours after such application, to summon before him such person or persons, or agent or agents, on some day not exceeding three days, exclusive of Sunday before the making such complaint, giving notice to the person making such complaint of the time and place appointed in such summon's for the attendance of such person or persons, agent or agents, as aforesaid and if at such time and place the person or persons so summoned shall not appear by himself, or fend some person on his, her, or their behalf, to settle such dispute, or appearing shall not do away such cause of complaint, then and in such case it shall be lawful for such justice, and he is hereby required, at the request of either of such parties, to nominate arbitrators or referee? for settling the matters in dispute; and such justice shall then and there at such meeting propose not less than four nor more than six persons, one half of whom shall be raafter-oianufacturers or agents or foremen of some cnafter-manufacturer* and the other half of whom shall be weavers in such manufacture (such respective persons redding in or near to the place where such dispute shall havtarifen) out of which maftpr-manufacturers, agents, or foremen, the matter engaged in such dispute, or his agent, shall chufc one, and out of whiclr weavers so proposed, the weaver or his agent, shall chuse another, who shall have full power to hear and finally determine such dispute; and the said justice shall thereupon appoint a place of meeting according to the directions of this act, and also a day for the meeting, notice of which nomination, and of the day of meeting, shall thereupon be given to 'the persons so nominated arbitrators or referees, and to any party to any such dispute, who may not have at* tended the meeting before such justice as aforesaid; which appointment shall be by such justice certified in the form following; (that is to say).

Form of ap-T R. one of the justices of the peace acting for potatment of X do hereby certify. That C.D. and E. F. are duly nominatedc*reef' referees to settle the matters in difference between G. H. of

master-manufacturer [*r, agent of, 4/ the case may it) and /. X of weaver, pursuant to an act passed in the forty-

fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty; and that the said referees are hereby directed to meet at on the day of at of the clock.

ab:

And the persons so appointed as aforesaid shall bear and examine the parties and their witnesses, and determine such dispute within two days after such nomination, exclusive of Su*iiji\ and the determination of such arbitrators shall be final and conclusive.

i

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 87. 349

III. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any person so Persons com-

romplaining as aforesaid shall not attend, or fend some person no*

yn his or her behalf, at the time and place appointed by such fofc^hTicne-ustice of the peace, for the purpose of naming such persons as fit of the ad/ aforesaid* such person dial] not in such case be entitled to the &c. benefit of this act j and if any person against whom any such complaint shall have been made as aforesaid, shall not attend, or fend (bme person on his or her behalf, the justice of the peace shall thereupon nominate a person for him out of such persons so proposed as aforesaid.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any or Onarbitra. either of the persons so proposed by any such justice, shall refuselors

or delay to accept such arbitration, or accepting, shall not act(0name*

therein, the justice shall proceed to name another or otherotbers.

persons of the riescriptions aforesaid, in the room of the person

so refuiing as aforesaid to be arbitrator or arbitrators in the

place of such arbitrator or arbitrators so refuting or delaying to

accept, or who shall not adfc, out of whom the parties to such

dispute shall forthwith respectively nominate the arbitrators under this act; and in every case of a second nomination, the arbitra*

tors shall meet within twenty-four hours after the application

for the same, and at the same place at which the meeting of the

arbitrators first named was appointed.

V. And be it further enacted, That in each and dvery case Arbitrators where the arbitrators cannot agree, they shall forthwith go

fore the justice or justices by whom they were appointed; and to go before in case of his or their absence or indisposition, before any other the justice, justice of the peace for the same county, riding, division, city, liberty, or place, nearest to the place at which the arbitrators met to settle the dispute; and if either arbitrator shall neglect J

or refuse to go before such justice of the peace, in the manner herein directed, it shall and may be lawful for such justice, after summoning the arbitrators to attend him, to determine the matter or matters in dispute, upon the statement and representation of either of the arbitrators who shall come before him.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in every case where pnCrWtn-a second arbitrator shall be appointed as aforesaid, and such|^€ second arbitrator shall not attend at the time and place ap- the other does pointed for settling the matters in dispute, it shall be lawful not attend, for the other arbitrator at such time and place to proceed by himself to the hearing and determining of the said matters in dispute, and in such case the award of such foie arbitrator shall be final and conclusive as to all matters in dispute, submitted to such arbitrators.

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That all complaints Limiting the

by the weaver, as to bad materials, shall be made within three "

weeks after his receiving the same, and all complaints arising plants, from any other cause shall be made within three days after such

cause of complaint shall arise; and that it shall not be allowable to any manufactureer, who shall have received into his possession any cotton cloth made by himself, or his clerk or foreman

settled near the place of work. Penalty on rrfnfing to fulfil the award*

Aflrio feghi quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 87. [1804.

man, afterwards, to make any complaint on account of work so received.

Comgaints

VIII. Provided always* and be it further enacted, That in wi^pfor8^where complaints are made respecting bad warps or

utensils to be utensils by workmen, the place of meeting of the referees shall be at or as near as may be to the place where the work shall be carrying on; and in all other cases at or as nfcar as may be to the place or places where the work has been given out.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if either party shall refuse to fulfil the award to be made in pursuance of this act, for the space of forty-eight hour* next after the same shall be made, and have been reduced into writing in the form in the scheduk to this act annexed, or to the like effect, the party so neglecting or refusing shall forfeit and pay to the party in whose favour such award shall have been made as aforesaid, the sum of tea pounds, to be recovered as the penalties infiided by the said recited act may be recovered.

X. And be it further enacted, That with every piece of work given out by the manufacturer to a workman to be done,

WUK there shall (if required by the workman to whom the same given out with shall be given) be delivered a note or ticket, signed by the work. person delivering out the same, or his agents, dating the quantity of the materials delivered out, and the nature of the work to be performed, and the price agreed upon for the executing such work in a workman-like manner; and which said note or ticket, in the event of dispute between the manufacturer and workmen* shall be evidence of all matters and things mentioned therein or respecting the same.

Duplicate of

XI. And be it enacted, That a duplicate of every such note

hTkeptby the* ma<*c anc* maGcr or agent de-

master.*Kvering the same; which duplicate shall be evidence of all the matters and things therein contained, in case the workman shall not produce to the arbitrators or the said justice, as the case may be, the said note or ticket so delivered to him with the said work.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every matter or agent refusing or neglecting to give a note or ticket in the manner

Tickets dating quantity of materials, &c. to be

Penalty on not giving a ticket.

hereby prescribed, when required so to do, shall forfeit and pay

' - 'if-

any sum not exceeding forty shillings nor less than twenty shillings, for each failure or neglect, to any person or persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered and applied in the same manner as other penalties may be recovered and applied by the said recited act: provided always, that no appeal shall be competent against any conviction for any such penalty.

Complaints Xlfi. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Thai where azSift agents an^ wor^ have been delivered to any workman by the or partners, agent or servant of any mailer or matters, to be, when fini&ed, delivered to such agent or servant, and also where two or more persons shall carry on the business of such manufacture as parr- ners, in every such case respectively, the like proceedings shall and may be had and made against such agent, servant, or any

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 87. 3 31

partner, and shall be as effectual as, if the same had been had and made against the principal or all the partners 5 and all the hid persons respectively shall obey the award made thereupon and all such order or orders as shall be made by the said justice or justices, in or respecting the matters in dispute, and shall be subject to the same pains, penalties, and forfeitures, for refuting or delaying to abide by or perform the same, as if the proceedings had been had against the principal or against all the partners.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in all How proceed* cases where any proceedings may be had against a master or

mailers under this or by the said recited act, or where such bankrupts, proceedings shall have been commenced, and the master or mailers shall become or be bankrupt, or any assignment of his or their estate or effects shall have been made under the said bankruptcy, or otherwise by deed or in law, the assignee or assignees of such.estate or effects shall be liable to the proceedings authorised by this>aft against the master or mailers, as fully as the master or matters was or were before the bankruptcy or alignment; and such proceedings may be commenced or carried on against such assignee or assignees, who shall fulfil and abide by the award made thereupon; and all such order or orders shall be made by the said justice or justices in or respecting the matters in.dispute, and shall be subject to the same pains, penalties, and forfeitures, for refusing or delaying to abide by or perform the same, as if the proceedings had been had against the master or mailers before his or their bankruptcy, or the assignment of his or their estate or effects; provided that all sums of money to be paid in pursuance of such award or orders shall be recoverable only out of the estate or effects of such matter or masters, and not out of the proper money of such assignee or assignees.

XV. And be it further enacted, That where any married Complaints of woman, or infant under the age of twenty-one years, shall have married wo-cause of complaint in any of the cases provided for by this or the said recited act, against any master or mailers, his or their agent or servant, or assignee or assignees as aforesaid, such complaint may be lodged, and all further proceedings thereupon had by and in the name of the husband of such married woman, and of the father, or, if dead, of the mother, or, if on the death of both parents, of any of the kindred of any such infant, and of the surety or sureties in any indenture of apprenticeship of any such infant being an apprentice; and all such proceedings shall be a* effectual, valid, and binding, as if such married woman was foie, and such infants were of full age, and pursued by themselves the remedies provided by this or the before-receited act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all coils, time, and Costs to be

expences, attending the applications to justices to be made ar"

under this act, and of the arbitration pursuant thereon, shall be or

settled by the arbitrators or arbitrator by whom such disputesJ

shall be settled; and where the same shall be determined by any

35. Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 87. [1804.

Fees to be allowed.

justice of the peace, pursuant to the said recited act, then the cods, time* and expences aforesaid, shall be settled by such justice and where the arbitrators appointed as aforesaid cannot agree as to the costs, time, and expences to be allowed, the same shall be settled by the justice or justices of the peace by whom the said arbitrators wete named j and in case of his absence or indisposition, by any justice of the peace for the same county, riding, division, city, liberty, or place, nearest to the place at Which the arbitrators met to settle the dispute.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the following and no hightr foes shall be allowed to be taken for any proceeding under this act; videlicet,

&- d.

To the clerk of the justice or justices.

For each summons - o o 6

For every oath or affirmation - -006

For drawing and entering the order - -006

For every warrant - -010

For every conviction - - o 10

To the constable or other peace-officer.

For service of summons or order*-006

For executing warrant of distress and sale of

goods - -016

For custody of goods distrained, per diem - o 0 4 j

For every mile he shall travel - -004

And a table of foes, signed by the clerk to such justice or justices, shall be bung up in every place where any general or Proceedings quarterwfessions or petty sessions of the peace shall be held, not to be

XVIII. And be it enacted, That no proceedings under this /or a ft shall be set aside or quashed for want of form, s h*d°i °*

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in place of the forms nexedto be* ^ct down in the schedule to the said act, the forms contained in used instead of the schedule hereunto annexed shall be used and observed in tlx that under several instances to which they apply; and all the provisions of rc^tei? the which are contrary to the provisions of this act, or

fions of that" for other provisions are hereby substituted, shall be and

aft contrary the same are hereby repealed; but the lame shall in all other hereto re- respects remain and continue in full force and effect.

P^cd*

XX. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed

[Publick act.]

and taken to be a publick a ft in all courts within the kingdom, and all judges and justices of the peace are hereby required to take notice thereof as such without specially pleading the same.

SCHEDULE

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 87. 353

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

FORM of the AWARD, to be written at the Foot or upon the Back of the Order of the Justices appointing the Arbitrator!*

WE, I. K. and L. M. [name and deferibt the referees], the referees appointed to settle the matters in dispute between the parties within named, [or, I, 7. K. the referee on the part of the within A.B. L. M. the referee appointed on the part of the within named C. 2).J having, notwithstanding the notice, failed to attend on me, N. O. the justice [*r the case may be], do hereby adjudge and determine, that [here set forth the determination to which the referees or referee, or justice, as the case may be, shall subscribe their names.]

FORM of INDORSEMENT, extending the Time limited for making the Award, to be written on the Foot or 00 the Back of the Order of the Justice appointing the Arbitrators.

WE, A\ B. and C.D. parties to the within arbitration, do hereby agree to extend the same to the day of inclusive. Witness our hands this day of

Witness A.B.

GA

FORM of ACKNOWLEDGEMENT of Fulfilment of the Award, to be written on the Foot, or on the Back thereof.

I A.B. do hereby acknowledge, That die above award hath been fulfilled by C.D. who is hereby discharged of the same. Witness my hand, this day of

Witness A.B.

FORM of CONVICTION for refilling or delaying tQ fulfil the Award.

BE it remembered, That on the day of

in the year of his Majesty's reign, and in the

year of our Lord A.B. is convicted before me

[or, name the justices of the peace for the county, riding, divifm, city, or place of 1 that the said Act B. has refused or delayed

Vot/XLV. Aa ' to

354 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 88. [1804.

to fulfil the award within the time limited, contrary to the statute made in the forty.fourth year of his present Majesty, intituled An act [here set forth the title of the act] and I [or, we) the said justice [or, justices] do hereby adjudge and determine the said A.B. for the said offence, to forfeit and lose the sum of of lawful money of Great Britain, and do otder the same to be forthwith paid by hint [her, or, them, as the case way he].

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An act for explaining and amending several acts relating to hackntj coaches employed as stage coaches, and for indemnifying the owners of hackney coaches who have omitted to take out licences, tuirfucri to an act made in the twenty -fifth year of his present Majesty [July 20, 1804.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the twelfth year of the u\gn of his present Majesty, intituled An act to explain and c. 49* amend an act, made in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, ' An act for altering the stamp-duties upon policies of insurance, and for reducing the allowance to be made in respect of the prompt payment of the stamp-duties on licences for retailing beer, ale, and other exciseable liquors, and for explaining and amending several acts of parliament relating

{0 hackney coaches and chairs/ so far as the same relates to tackney coaches, it is recited, that a great number of person\ licensed by the commissioners for regulating and licensing badnty coaches to use and keep for hire hackney coaches, regularly iifed ad employed the same as fated Jlages to and from different towns ad places in the neighbourhood of the cities of London and Westminster and the borough of Southwark, as well within the bills of mortalllj as without, which was of great publick utility and convenience; ad it is also recited that a doubt had arisen whether, by the laws then in force relating to hackney coaches % such persons being licensed in tit usual and general form were not compellable to do the frdtnary uwk of hackney coaches, and to carry fares for hire to any parts or plans within the cities if London or Westminster, or within tbt disUnct of ten wiles thereof, which would be attended not only with gretf inconvenience to the inhabitants of such towns and places, but also be a great hffening to his Majesty's revenue arifingfren ha<i»q coaches; it was by the same recited act declared, that, from and after the pajfvig thereof, the said of for licensing and regubung ( hackney coaches, or any other person or persons having authority ti pat any of the laws in execution concerning licensed hackney coathmtH, their renters, or their drivers, should not he compelled or compdlaou to fine or pumjh any licensed hackney coachman, his renter, or driver, for refusing to carry a fare out of the ordinary course of his stage work or duty, who should regularly use and employ his coach so licensed as a stage coach to and from, any of the towns and places in tie neighbourhood of the said cities of London and Wo$mmfter, and who should also*, by painting in legible, ekarafters on the door ef such coach,

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 88. 355

or by a boprd to be painted in legible char afters on the door of fitch cmh, plainly denote and difiinguifl the same to be a fiage coach to and frm any fitch town or pldce; any thing in the said therein-receited act, or in any other act relating to hackney coaches, to the contrary notwithstanding: and whereas an act passed in the twenty fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repealing the 5 Geo. duties on Kcences taken out by persons letting horses for the0-'*1* purpose of travelling post, and on horses let to hire fey travelling post and by time, and on stage coaches, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof, and also additional duties on horses Ice to hire for travelling post and by time: and whereas certain duties in the same act specified in lieu of the duties by the fetid recited act repealed were thereby granted on persons who should keep any carriage in the said recited act described, and dJnong others the sum of five Shillings to be paid annually for a licence for that furpose, and alfi one penny for every mile fitch carriage should travel \ and such dutiet were thereby placed under the management of tho commiJfieHers of stamp-duties: and whereas it was thereby further enacted and de+ claredy that nothing therein contained should extend or be confirued t6 extend to any horses used in hackney coaches licensed pursuant to several acts of parliament made for that purpose, where the borfee drawing such hackney coaches should be employed to go no greater difianee than ten miles from the cities of London or Westminster, and thefitburbs thereof: and whereas a certain penalty of ten pounds for taco offence is by the said last recited act tmposed on persons who should keep any such carriages as therein described to be employed as publick fiage coaches without having Jirfi obtained a licence according to the provisiens of the said act: and whereas an act passed in the tlirtyfieventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An 57 Geo. 3. act for granting to his Majesty an additional duty on fiage coaches, whereby an additional duty of one penny per mile was charged on the owner or owners of every coach or other carriage therein described to be employed as publick fiage coaches: and whereas a great number af persons, licensed by the said of to ufi and keep for hire hackney coaches, regularly use and employ the same as fiated stages to and from different towns and places in the neighbourhood of the cities of London and Westminster, same of which towns and places are within and others without the weekly bills of mortality: and whereas it is olfo of great convenience to the persons residing in the said cities of London and Westminster, and the towns, villages, and places in the neighbourhood thereff, to be conveyed to and from the same at an easy expense by means of filth licensed fiated Jlages under proper regulations: and whereas doubts have arifih whether, under and by virtue of the fiveral acts herein-bfibre recited, or either of them, the owners of hackney coaches, licensed by the commissioners for regulating and licensing hackney coaches, are liable, when employed or let out as fiage coaches for conveying passengers for hire to and from different t laces, to the annual duty of five Shillings for a licence, and the several duties of one penny and additional duty of onefenny, in the said recited acts respectively mentioned, for every mile such carriage flail travel, or to any or either of such duties: uni whereas it is expedient that such doubts flould be removed: may

don, &c. under such regulations as the trea-fui y shall di red. '

356 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 88. [1804.

it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefem parliament assembled, and by the authority Commission- Of the same. That, from and after the passing of this act, it shall cens?hack'neaw^or of for regulating and licensing

coaches to be hackney coaches for the time being, with the approbation and employed as under the authority of the lords-commissioners of his Majesty's publick Rages treasury, or any three* or more of them, for the time being, to towns ^nd11 ^cen^e» authori(e, and empower such and so many of the owners v?lbg*tin the 9^ hackney coaches licenced or to be licensed by the said Corn-neighbour- missioners for regulating and licensing hackney coaches, as shall hood of Lon- from time to time appear to the said lords-commissioners of the treasury, on the represenntion of the said comtmftioners for regulating and licensing hackney coaches, to be necessary, to ply for hire, and to use and employ, as publick stated stages, such their licensed hackney coaches to and from any such towns, villages, or places in the neighbourhood of and to such distances from the said cities of London and Westminster-axid the borough of Southwark, as well within as without the weekly bills of mortality, under and subject nevertheless to such regulations and restrictions as shall be required by the said lords-commissioners i/i that behalf: provided always, rhat the owners or renters of such licensed hackney coaches do plainly denote and distinguish such their respective coaches to be stated stages to and from such town, village, or place for which they shall he respectively licensed as aforesaid, by painting the same in legible characters on the door or orher conspicuous and open part of such their several ^nd respective coaches.

II. And whereas all or most of the owners or keepers of hackney coaches' licensed by the said of for regulating and licensing hackney coaches used and employed its Jlage coaches to and from the/aid cities of London and Westminster and the borough of Southwark, find the suburbs thereof have omitted to take out the annual licence required, by the said recited act of the twenty fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to be taken out by those keeping coaches or other carriages employed as publick jlage coaches or carriages j and doubts have arisen whether by such omtffion they have not rendered themselves liable to the penalty in the said recited acts mentioned \ be it therefore further enacteu and declared, That no owner or keeper of any such hackney coach or coaches, who dial) have been licensed by the said of for regulating and licensing hackney Sage coaches epaches, shall be, or be deemed, construed, or taken to be under racked fgbjeft or liable to the said penalty, although he, she, or they, act of 35 shall have kep', used, and employed any such hackney coach as j ^'a publick stage coach for the purpose of carrying passengers for havered the *re to anc* ^rom different places within the distance of ten miles coaches as from the said cities of London and Westminster, and shall have let Rages within out such coach for such purpose as aforesaid, without having first obtained a licence under the hands of two of the commissioners for managing the duties on stamped vellum, parchment,

and

Such coaches to be diRin-uished as at>ea by painting the same on the door.

P

R;

Licensed owners of hackney coaches not liable to the penalty for omitting to take out licences for

10 miles of ^london and ^Tiinster.

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 89. 357

and paper, or same person duly authorised by them; and all per- Persons Tons against whom any prosecution or proceeding shall have been a*ain[* whom or shall be laid for any such penalty, or in relation thereto, shall foain^110"* be and are hereby indemnified; any thing contained in the said brought in-recited acts or any other ad now in force, to the contrary notwith- demnified. (landing*

CAP. LXXXIX.

An act for confirming tb$ previsions of an act, made in Ireland in tie thirty-second year of his trejent Majesty so far as the same prohibits the import of malt into Ireland; and fir repealing the power given to the lord-lieutenant and council ^Ireland, by an act of this present fission of parliament, prohibiting the use of oats and oatmeal in the distillation of spirits, in Ireland.

[July 20, 1804.]

WHEREAS by an act, made in the parliament cf Ireland in the thirty second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the increase of agriculture and commerce, by IHfh ad, establishing a reciprocal preference in the corn trade between this 3* Geo. 3. kingdom and Great Britain, malt is prohibited to be imported into Ireland: and whereas the said act has been attended with beneficial effects: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That so much of an act, pa fled So much of in this session of parliament, intituled An act for granting to his^c^ Majesty a duty upon malt made in Ireland for the year one thous'and other ad, as eight hundred and four, and also so much of any other ad and acts allows the im-now in force and effect, as allows, permits, or suffers the impor- port.i»ion of tation of malt into Ireland by virtue of any proclamation of the ^retard-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, pealed, or by any other authority, shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be repealed, and null and void to ail intents and purposes whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of an act passed So much of in this present session of parliament, intituled An act for enabling* u.^tna-ihe lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, to blest he lord-frohibit, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thufand eight bun- lieutenant to dred and five, the distillation of spirits from oats or oatmeal in Ireland; Prohibit the^ and for indemnifying such persons as have acted in advising or tarrying so dUtUhtloii/ into execution a proclamation of the lord*licultnant and council of Ire- See. repealed. hnd, /*r prohibiting such distillation, as enables the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, with the advice of the privy council, to prohibit, by proclamation, the use of oats or oatmeal in the brewing, making, or fermenting any wort, wash, or pot ale, for making or extracting low wines or spirits, or inflids any penalty or forfeiture in respect of the same, for any offence or offences committed since the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and four, shall be, and the lame is hereby declared tobe repealed, and null and void to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

356 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 88. [1804.

it therefore please your Majesty that it may he enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority Commission- Gf the same. That, from and after the passing of this afi, it shall Tn^hackheyb k^ful for the commissioners for regulating and licensing toadied to be hackney coaches for the time being, with the approbation and employed as under the authority of the lords-commissioners of his Majesty's publick stages treasury, or any three or more of them, for the time being, to to and from ]icenfef authorise, and empower such and so many of the owners ^lUg*i?nthe hackney coaches licensed or to be licensed by the said tom-neighbour- missioners for regulating and licensing hackney coaches, as shall hood of Lon- from time to time appear to the said lords-commissioners of the d°nf&h Un* trca(WY, on representation of the said of for regulations regulating and licensing hackney coaches, to be necessary, to ply as the trea- for hire, and to use and employ, as publick dated stages, such fury shall di- their licensed hackney coaches to and from any such towns, rc& villages, or places in the neighbourhood of and to such distances

from the said cities of London and Westminster and the borough of Southwark, as well within as without the weekly bills of mortality, under and subject nevertheless to such regulations and restrictions as shall be required by the said lords-commissioners Such coaches ip that behalf: provided always, that the owners or repters of torh such licensed hackney coaches do plainly denote and distinguish

Sires by# such tl)eir respective coaches to be stated stages to and from such paintin/the town, village, or place for which they shall be respectively same on the licensed as aforesaid, by painting the same in legible characters on the door or other conspicuous and open part of such their several^nd respective coaches.

II. And whereas ail or most of the owners or keepers of hackney coaches'licensed by the said of for regulating and licensing hackney coaches used and employed as Jlage coaches to and from thejoiJ aties of London and Westminster and the borough of Southwark, find the suburhs there'bfi have omitted to take out the annual licence required, by the said recited act of the twenty fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty^ to be taken out by those keeping coaches or other carriages employed as publick jlage coaches or carriages j and doubts

__________ have arisen whether by such omission they have not rendered themselves

liable to the liable to the penalty in the said recited acts mentioned5 be it therefore penalty for further ena&eu'and declared, That no owner or keeper of omitting to any such hackney coach or coaches, who shall have been licensed cenccsfor" by.-the said of for regulating and licensing hackney itage coaches Cfaches, shall be, or be deemed, construed, or taken to be under recited Ajbject or liable to the said penalty, although he, she, or they, act of 25 shall have kep % used, and employed any such hackney coach as lth 3'hCth, a Pub, ick ^aJ£c coac^ forhe Purpose carrying passengers for have^iSfed the *rc to ant* ^om different places within the distance of ten miles coaches as from the said cities of London and Westminster, and shall have let stages within out such coach for such purpose as aforesaid, without having Lo^on*arfd °kla*ncd a licence under the hands of two of the commis-Westminster. fc>ner* for managing the duties on stamped vellum, parchment.

floor.

Licensed owners of hackney

rnarhps not

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 89. 357

and paper, or some person duly authorised by them; and all per- Persons Tons against whom any prosecution or proceeding shall have been a^olvcution911 or shall be laid for any such penalty* or in relation thereto, (halt ^[alfhe be and are hereby indemnified; any thing contained in the said brought in-recited acts or any other act now in force, to the contrary notwith- demnified. Handing*

CAP. LXXXIX.

An act for confirming the provisions of an act, made in Ireland in the thirty second year of his present Majesty so far as the same prohibit the import of malt into Ireland; and for repealing the fewer given to the lord-lieutenant and council ^Ireland, by an act of this present fi/fion of parliament, prohibiting the use of oats and oatmeal in the distillation of spirits* in Ireland.

[July 20, 1804.]

WHEREAS by an act* made in the parliament cf Ireland in the thirtysecond year of the reign of his present Majesty* inti tided, An act for the increase of agriculture and commerce, by Irtfh aft; establishing a reciprocal preference in the corn trade between this Geo. 3. kingdom and Great Britain, malt is prohibited to be imported into Ireland: and whereas the said act has been attended with beneficial effefls: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That so much of an act, pa fled So much of in this session of parliament, intituled An act for granting to hit any

Majesty a duty upon malt made in Ireland for the year one thousand other act, as eight hundred and four, and also.so much of any other act and acts allows the im- now in force and effect, as allows, permits, or suffers the impor- potion of tation of malt into Ireland by virtue of any proclamation of the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, pealed, or by any other authority, shall be, and the same is hereby de-dared to be repealed, and null and void to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of an act passed So"}nch °* in this present session of parliament, intituled An act for enabling*, ^6 tiia-the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, to bleu the lord-frobihitj until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight bun- lieutenant to dred andfiuty the distillation of spirits from oats or oatmeal in Ireland; and for indemnifying such persons at have acted in advising or carrying jnVifl?nAtion, " into execution a proclamation of the lor d*k cute nan t and council of Ire* See. repealed, land, /or prohibiting such distillation, as enables the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, with the advice of the privy council, to prohibit, by proclamation, the use of oats or oatmeal in the brewing, making, or fermenting any wort, wash, or pot ale, for making or extracting low wines or spirits, or inflifts any penalty or forfeiture in respect of the same, for any offence or offences committed since the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and four, shall be, and the lame is hereby declared to be repealed, and null and yoid to all intents and.purposes whatsoever.

358 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 90, 91. [1804.

CAP. XC.

An act to continue until (even years after the patting thereof, and from thence to the end of the next session of parliament, an act. made in the parliament of Ireland in the twenty-seventh year of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the better execution of the law and prefer-Vation of the peace within counties at large.

[July 20, 1804.]

CAP. XCI.

An act to permit the issue and negotiation of certain promijfhry rioter under a limited sum, by regiferei banters in Ireland; and to refrain the issue and negotiation of certain other notes.

[July 2C, 1804.]

WHEREAS the issue and negotiation ofpromiffory nates, in Ire.

lander fmatljums, requires to be regulated; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority PromiOorjr of the same. That all promissory notes or undertakings in writing, ao^vciid/ being negociable or transferable, for any sum or sums of money less than and not exceeding twenty shillings, or on which any sum less than twenty shillings shall remain undischarged, which shall bear date or to be issued in Ireland at any time after the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and four, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be absolutely null and void, and not to be negociableor transferable, anything in an act passed in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to refrain the negotiation if promissory notes and inland bills of exchange, under a limited sum, to the contrary notwithstanding*and the person or persons who shall issue the same shall forfeit the sum often pounds for every such note or undertaking io issued 5 and the person or persons who shall give or take the same in payment, after the said first day of August, shall forfeit double the amount of each such note or undertaking to any person who shall sue for the same.

II. And whereas by an act passed in the forty-third year of his Ma-43 Geo. 3. Jeffs reign, intituled An act to continue, during the restriction on

payments in cash by the bank of Ireland, and to amend an act, made in the parliament of Ireland in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to restrain the negotiation of promittfory notes and inland bills of exchange unuer a limited sum; 9 and also an act* made in the parliament of Ireland in the fortieth year of his present Majesty's reign, m continue and amend the said act 5 it was enacted, that allprotnijorj or other notes or undertakings in writing, being negotiable or transtreble, for the payment Of any sum or sums of money less than the sum sf five guineas, or on which arty sum less than Jive guineas shall remain undischarged, which shall be made or issued in Ireland at any time from end after the fit ft day of January one thousand eight hundred and four, Jb ill be absolutely void and of no effect, except inland bills of exchange, bank of bills % or draughts in writing, for any sum not less than three

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 91. 359

guineas, which shall he issued under and by virtue of the said recited

act of the thirty-ninth year of his present Majestfs reign. which said

aft was suspended by an act passed in this present session of parliament

until theprft day of August One thousand eight hundred and ftmr, so

far as is therein mentioned$ be it therefore enacted, That nothing ^teiu"sr

contained in this act, or in any act or acts in force in Ireland, by"*

shall extend to prevent any promissory or other note or under- gifterrd bank-

taking in writing, stamped according to law, and drawn or issuedrs before

by any registered banker or bankers, for payment of any sum mayt*iwE<£

less than five guineas, and bearing date and issued before the first c^d tin s

day of August one thousand eight hundred and four, from being jan. x, 1805.

negotiated and transferred by any person lintil the first day of

January one thousand eight hundred and five, and no longer, or '

to subject such person to any penalty for so doing; and if any Penalty on

banker shall, after the first day of October one thousand eight hun- !>*n.lccri

dred and four, te-issue or suffer to be re-issued any such note or notee^fter

undertaking in writing, drawn or issued before the said first day october i,

of August one thousand eight hundred and four, such banker, or 1804.

other person or persons in his, her, or their behalf, re-issuing or

causing the same to be re-issued as aforesaid, shall, for every such

note or undertaking in writing so re-iflsued, forfeit the Turn of

ten pounds 5 and if any person shall, after the said first day of gking of

January one thousand eight hundred and five, give or take in taking the m

payment any such note or'Undertaking in writing, he or she shall in payment

forfeit double the value of the said note or undertaking in writing* 1*

to the person who shall sue for the fane. 1

III. And be it further enacted, That all penalties imposed and Penaltiestobe

appointed by this act, or any act or acts in force in Ireland, re-

spefting the issuing, re-issuing, negotiating, or transferring pro-

miflory or other notes or undertakings in writing for any futn less than five guineas, whatever may be the amount thereof, shall be recovered by such person as shall sue for the same by civil bill* or before any justice of the peace, if such penalty shall not exceed forty shillings on the oath of one credible witness; and every justice of the peace is hereby empowered, in cale of nonpayment thereof, to issue his warrant to levy the same by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the offender.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this £1^Vhe* aft contained shall extend or be constructed to extend to the go- bank of Ire- -vernor and company of the bank of Ireland\ nor to any inland land, nor to bill of exchange, bank post bill, or draft in writing for any sum any bill of not less than three guineas, which shall or may be issued under

the said recited act of the thirty-ninth year of his Majesty's reign, ]e{£than three subject nevertheless to the regulations and restrictions in the said guineas, aft contained.

V. And be it further enacted, That this act maybe amended, Act may^be altered, or repealed, by any act or acts to be passed in this present session of parliament.

360 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 92. [1804.

CAP. XCII.

An act to render more easy the apprehending, and bringing to trial, offenders escaping from one part of the United Kingdom to the other, and also from one county to another.

[July 20, 1804.]

WHEREAS it frequently happens that persons, against ivbciti warrants are granted by justices of peace for the several counties and places in Ireland, escape into other counties or places, out of the ju-tifdiction of the justices of peace granting such warrants; and it may also frequently happen^ that persons having committed offences in same county or place in Ireland, may reftde or be in some other county or place out of the jurisdiction of the justice or justices of the county or place in which such offence was committed, whereby such offenders may or will eastly avoid being punished for the offences wherewtth they are charged; bqit therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the*lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and Where per- by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day fema, August one thousand eight hundred and four, in case any per*

ranthavc* ^on> against whom a warrant shall be issued by any justice or been issued, justices of the peace of any county, city, liberty, town, or place, within Ireland, shall escape, go into, reiide, or be, m any other county, city, liberty, town, or place, out of the jurisdiction of the justice or justices granting such warrant as aforesaid, it shall and j'ufticca oTtbt may be lawful for any jflftice or justices of the peace for the county where county, city, liberty, town, or place, where such person shall fhSl d*ri c: aPc» 8°nto> tefide, or be, and such justice or justices is and are the wairants hereby required upon proof being tftade upon oath of the hand-for the exe- writing of the justice or justices granting such warrant, to indorse cution. his or their name or names on such warrant, which indorsement shall be a sufficient authority to the person or persons bringing such warrant, and to all other persons to whom such warrant was Originally directed, to execute such warrant in the county, city, liberty, town, or place, where the same was indorsed, and to apprehend and carry such offender or offenders before the justice who indorsed such warranr, or before some other justice or justices of such other county, city, liberty, town, or place, where Where osten, such warrant was indorsed; and in case the offence for which Cw^0^" such offender shall be apprehended shall be bailable in law, and tata bliL fuc^ °ffcn<^er he willing and ready to give bail for his or their appearance at the next assizes or general gaol delivery, or

next general quarter-sessions of the peace to be held in and for the county, city* liberty, town, or place, where the offence was committed, such justice or justices by whom such warrant was indorsed, or such other justice before whom any such offender or offenders shall be brought, shall and may proceed with such of fender or offenders, and take bail for his or their appearance at the next assizes or general gaol delivery, or at the next general quartet-feifions of the peace to be held in and for the county, city,

liberty,

escape into another' county in Ireland, the

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 92. 361

liberty, town, or place, where such offence was committed, in the same manner as the justices of the peace of the proper county, city, liberty, town, or place, should or might have done in such proper county, city, liberty, town, or place; and the justice or justices so taking bail as aforesaid, shall deliver the recognizance, together with the examination or confession of such offender or offenders, and all other proceedings relating thereto, had before such justice, to the constable or other officer or officers, or person or persons so apprehending such offender or offenders as aforesaid, who are hereby required to receive the same, and to deliver over such recognizance, examination, or other proceedings to the clerk of the crown or cleric of the peace of the county, city, liberty, town, or place, where such offender or offenders is or are required to appear by virtue of such recognizance; and such recognizance, examination, and confession respectively, shall be as good and effectual in law to all intents and purposes, and of the same force and validity, as if the same had been entered into, taken, or acknowledged, before a justice or justices of the peace in and for the proper county, city, liberty, town, or places where the offence was committed, and the same proceedings shall be had thereon; and in cast any constable, officer, or other person to whom such recognizance, examination, confession, or other proceedings shall be delivered as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to deliver over the fame-ro the clerk of the crown or clerk of the peace of the county, city, liberty, town, or place, where such offender is required to appear by virtue of such recognizance, such constable, officer, or other person, shall forfeit the sum of five pounds Irish currency, to be recovered against him by bill, civil bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record in Irelandt by any person or persons who will prosecute or fuefor the same, wherein no essoign, protection, or wager of law, shall be allowed, nor more than one imparlance; and in case the offence for which such offender or offenders shall be apprehended and taken in manner aforesaid, shall not be bailable in law, or such offender or offenders shall not give bail foi* his or their appearance at the next affixes or general gaol delivery, or next general quarter-sessions of the peace to be held in and for the county, city, liberty, town, or place, where the offence was committed, to the satisfaction of the justice before whom such offender or offenders shall be brought, then and in such case the constable, officer, or other person lo apprehending such offender or offenders, shall carry and convey such offender or offenders before one of his Majesty's justices of peace of the proper county, city, liberty, town, or place, where such offence was committed, there to be dealt with according to law.

II. And be it further enacted, That no action of trespass, false Justices in-

imprisonment, or indictment, or other action, dial) be brought,

-r.*r, r r .*'rantsnot uaoie

lued, commenced, or prosecuted by any person or persons what- to aeVion.

soever, against the justice or justices who shall indorse such

warrant, for of by reason of his or their indorsing such'warrants

provided always, that such person or persons shall be at liberty

<*to

6z Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 92. [1804.

to bring or prosecute his or their action or suit again!) the justice or justices who originally granted such warrant, in the same manner as such person or persons might have done in case this act had not been made.

III. And whereas it may frequently happen that felons and ether nthlefactors, in that part of the united kingdom collect Ireland, make their escape into that part of the united kingdom called Great Britain, as also that felons and other malefactors in then part of the united kingdom called Great Britain may make their escape into that part of the united kingdom called Ireland, whereby their cf* fences often remain unpunished, there being no sufficient provifun, h the laws now in force in Great Britain and Ireland respectiveljy for apprehending such offenders and transmitting them into that pert sf the United Kingdom in which their offences were committed: for

pin^ from r£me(ty thereof, be it further ensiled. That, from and after Ireland into the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and four, if Great Britain any person or persons against whom a warrant shall be issued by roayl*aP- any of the judges of his Majesty's court of King's-bench, or and conveyed any ju^ce °Y?r a°d terminer or gaol delivery, or any justice to Ireland 5 or justices of the peace or other person having authority toiilue the same within Ireland, for any crime or offence against the laws in force in Ireland, shall escape, go into, reside, or be in any place in England or Scotland respectively, it shall and may be lawful for any justice of the peace of the county, stewartry, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, in England ot Scotland respectively, whither or where such person or persons shall escape, go into, reside, or be, to indorse his name on such j warrant, which warrant so indorsed shall be a sufficient autho- I rity to the person or persons bringing such warrant, and to a! persons to whom such warrant was originally directed, and also to all constables or other peace-officers of the county, stewartr;, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, where such warrant shall be so indorsed, to execute the said warrant in ih* county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, where it I is so indorsed, by apprehending the person or persons agaim: whom such warrant is granted, and to convey him, her, or them by the most direct way into Ireland, and before one of the justices of the peace of the county in Ireland, living rear I the place and in the county where he, she, or they shall arrive and land; which justice of the peace is hereby required to pro* ceed with regard to such person or persons as if the said person or persons had been legally apprehended in the said county in Ireland.

IV. Andy for remedy of the Hie inconvenience by the escape inn I and offenders Ireland of persons guilty of crimes in England or Scotland rtfpic* escaping from lively, be it further enacted, That, from and after the first day of Great Britain August one thousand eight hundred and four, if any person or tnay he*appre- Persons agfunft whom a warrant shall be iflueJ by any of the headed and judges of his Majesty's court of KingVbench, or of the courts of, conveyed back great sessions in Wales, or any juirice of oyer and terminer or j in like man. gaol delivery, or any justice or justices of the peace of any county, j

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 92. 363

lewartry, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, within ingland or Scotland respectively, or other person having authority,

0 issue the same within England or Scotland respectitfely, for any Time or offence against the laws of England or Scotland respectively, shall escape, go into, reside, or be in any place of that part if the united kingdom called Ireland, it shall and may be lawful or any justice of the peace of the county or place in Ireland,

/hither or where such person or persons shall escape, go into, or efide or be, to inaorfe his name on such warrant, which war-ant so indorsed shall be a sufficient authority to the person or >ersons bringing such warrant, and to all persons to whom such warrant was originally directed, and also to all Sheriffs' officers, anstables, and other peace-officers of the county or place in Ireland where such warrant shall be so indorsed, to execute the aid warrant in the county or place in Ireland where it is so in-lorfed, by apprehending the person or persons against whom uch warrant may be granted, and to convey him, her, or them,

>y the most direct way into England or Scotland respectively, and before one of the justices of peace of the county or stewartry, in Inland or Scotland respectively, living near the place and in the: ounty where he, she, or they shall arrive and land, which justice )f peace is hereby authorised and required to proceed with regard 0 such person or persons as if such person or persons had been egally apprehended in the said county or stewartry of England or fatland respectively.

V. And be it further enacted, That the expence of removing Expence of mfoners as aforesaid to any place in England, Scotland, and /re- removal of and respectively, shall be repaid to the person defraying the same tobedd^aycJ >y the treasurer of the county in England or Ireland respectively,

>r by the sheriff or stewart depute, or substitute of the county or lewartry in Scotland, in which the crime was committed, the iniount of such expence being previously ascertained by an ac-: ounr thereof verified upon o^th before two of the justices of the ftce of such county or stewarty, and allowed and signed by them j md such treasurer, sheriff, or stewart depute, or substitute, shall >e allowed such payments in their respective accounts.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the treasurers of the fe- Treasurers of era! counties in Ireland, who have paid the amount of any such j^jand^be ixpences so ascertained as aforesaid, ffaall lay the said account, to- re?mburfcrt [ether with the allowance-of the same so signed as aforesaid, before their expen-he grand juries of their respective counties, at the assizes holden cea by grand or such counties next after such expences shall be paid, or at any juries, ubfcqusnt assizes j and it shall be lawful for such grand juries

md they are hereby respectively required to present a sum equal 0 the amount of such expence, to be raised from the country at !*ge*for the purpose of reimbursing such treasurers.

VII. And whereas it frequently happens, that persons having(loUn >r otherwise feloniously taken away money, cattle, goods, or other effects, n m of the parts of the said United Kingdom, carry the same into instber part f the said United Kingdom, and there have the said money, aitUy goods, or other ejfists, in their pojpjfwn or cu/hdy $ and doubts

364 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 93. [1804.

mdy be entertained whether they could be indifled and tried is that for of the United Kingdom where such offenders have the said money^cattle goodly and other effefis in their pojpffton or custodjy as the origins offence was not committed in such part of the said United Kingdom; h Offenders it therefore further enabled and declared. That, from and after tb

ereaping with first day Of Jugujl one thousand eight hundred and four, if aij ma^bc^cd Person or Perons having stolen or otherwise feloniously taka in*lf)e place money, cattle, goods, or other effeAs, in any one of the parts a where the the said United Kingdom, shall afterwards have the fameraonej same shall be goods, chattels, or other effeAs, or any part thereof, in his, ha; found. or their possession or custody, in any other part of the United Kingdom, it shall and may be lawful to indiA, try, and punift such person or persons, for theft or larceny, in that part of the United Kingdom where he, she, or they shall so have such money cattle, goods, or orher effeAs, in his, her, or their pofftflion at custody, as if the said money, cattle, goods, or other effeAs, hd been stolen in that part of the United Kingdom.

Persons re-

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or period ceiving such in anyone of the parts of the United Kingdom shall hereafter re ft°be t8>d*ceive or kaVc any catt*c> goods* or other effeAs, stolen or other-the place m w'^c Woniously taken in any other part of the United Kingdom^ where they knowing the same to have been stolen or otherwise feiooiouty receive the taken, every such person or persons shall be liable to be inditfdU

k6 tried, and punished for such offence in that part of the Uniid

Kingdom where he, she, or they shall so receive or have the said| cattle, goods, or other effeAs, in the same manner to all iniett and purposes as if the said cattle, goods, or other effeAs, bad bca originally stolen or otherwise feloniously taken, in that part of the United Kingdom in which such person shall so received have such cattle, goods, or other effects respectively.

CAP. XCIil.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a (urn of money to be raised by lot* teries* — [July so, 1804.]

Treasury may contraA with persons for three lotteries, not to nett1.* the whole 80, 000 tickets, for such sums and subject to such ieguljtww*i shall be stipulated. Cashier to give security for the money paid into tw Bank for such lotteries. Treasury empowered to apply the money pd into the exchequer by the cashier. Treasury to retain the money ti?cc !jr towards payment of the fortunate tickets, and one third of the f»ir^ shall be applied to the services of Ireland 800, 000l. shall be diritWd tt* prizes, and pud out of the suppties granted this iUGon. Min ago* at dirtAors of the lotteries shall be appointed by the treasury. MctW* the lottery books. Managers to examine the books with the tickets. aii deliver them to the cashiers of the Bank, taking a receipt for the furr; Cashiers to return the books with the undisposed tickets, and amount d money received and paid in Undisposed tickets to be delivered into iu exchequerr Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up and f ilb nd with thread and (ilk; and cut off indent wife into a box marked with tx letter (A) j and put into another box to be locked up and felled Bccu to he prepared for the lotteries with two columns, on each ofwhkhtu number of tickets are to be printed. The number and value of tix timate tickets to he distinguished. Tickets in the outermost columM<j the Ult-mentionrd bonks to be rolled up and tied, and cur off into a m marked with the letter <B), &c. Notice to be given of putting the Ukd

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 92*3^5

nto the boxes. Notice to be given of the drawing. Method to be ohfcrved 3 drawing, Arc. Lift of the tickets of each day's drawing to be printed.

) 1/putt9 to be adjusteri by the managers. Forging tickets felony. Mana* m to be sworn. Cashier may receive the Aims subsetibgd, giving a note sr the fan e which shall entitle the bearer to tickets lo the amount of t: e jms so paid. Cashier at the times appointed to deliver tickets not tx-ecding in value half of the sum actually subscribed, and shall give receipts ir the residue. Contributors not making good their payments within k times limited, forfeit their deposit*; and the tickets to be returned to ttmanager*. Treasury may reward the manors. Sec. as they think fit.

00, 000l. for the payment of the fortunate tickets to be charged on any tppiics granted this session, and shall be paid to the proprietors without &jr deduction, within two months after the conciulion of the drawing, &c.

Ungers to give notice of the time for exchanging tickets for certificates* crtmcites to be numbered. See. Treasury to defray the incidental exr (lets attending the execution of this act. No fte to be taken for re» riving or paying contribution-monies, for receipts, Scc. on penalty of pA No persons to take down the numbers of the tickets at the time of rawing unless employed as a clerk by the managers or licensed so to do.

Worn so licensed to receive from the stamp-office numerical books, rhich shall be stamped on every leaf. Commissioners of damp-duties to rut such licences only on account of licensed lottery -office s. Five pounds tnaity on unliceofed persons taking down or publifiutig the numbers of Lkcts drawn. See. On complaint the magistraUs of London may grant mints for apprehending offenders. Persons in the actual commission Fluch offence may be apprehended by any person and carried befo e a ugistrate who may commit the offender if penalty be not paid. Fifty roods penalty on persons summoned as witnesses not appearing, Arc. oouniinoners for damps in England and of appointed in trend shall grant licences for lottery offices on payment of duty. Licence > continue in force until the expiration of the drawing of the lotteries, lo licence) to be granted for any lottery-office within the universities of fcfonl and Cambridge. Licensed persons in Great Britain shall deposit ad divide in shares 30 tickets in each of the three lotteries or licence ull be void, Sec. Licensed persons to have the words " Licensed to deal 1 Lottery Tickets, 0 on the front of their (hop, or forfeit 10l. Persons eeping an office contrary to licence shall forfeit 100l. Persons to whom etnees ire granted to give security by bond. Commissioners of ltarnps nil not be required to grant a licence for dealing in lottery-tickets unless shall appear that the party is able to answer the penalty and deposited 3 tickets. Executors, Arc. may be authorised to carry on business for the fidut of the term of licences.' Persons convicted of offences shall fors eit leir licence. Persons counterfeiting licences or uling such as are coun-rfeit shall forfeit 500l./ Lottery-offices not to open before eight of the ock in the morning, nor after eight of the clock in the evening, under malty of 50/* No chances of any tickets for any less time titan the whole meof drawing shall be fold, or insurance made for or azainst the drawing Fany tickets nor shall any person publish any propofaT for such purpose penalty of 50l. No ticket to be divided into any other shires than lives, quarters, eighths, and sixteenths, on oenalty of 50l. Persons coun-rtriting shares guilty of felony. Commissioners of stamps shall establish office in London or Westminster for the deposit of tickets intended to i fold is (bares. Receiver-general\to giye a receipt for the (ante, which all not be transferable. Books shall be kept by the receiver for registering ch tickets which may be inspected on paying zd Receiver general (halt r paid id. for every share into which the ticket deposited shall be divided, erfoos ftHiqg shares other wise than on stamped paper shall forfeit 50l. ickets so deposited in Great Britain or Ireland for the purpose of being Id in shares shall continue in possession of the receiver general for the rriods mentioned. Application of the fees received at the ttamp-office 1 Great Britain, and money received on account ot licences to keep fttery-offioes in Ireland. Persons preparing or having in their custody iy register or lift of tickets but as mentioned, or keeping any place for ami mug tickets by any other than such lifts, shall forfeit $/. On complaint

366. Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 94, 95. [1804.

[Treble costs.]

plaint on oath of offences a^ainst 17 Geo. 3. c. 1. whereby the parties rray he liable to punishmmt as rogues. Justictrs may authorise persons i*> break open houses. &c. Persons discovered in such houses concerned in carrying on illegal transactions to be punished as rogues. Penalty on persons obstructing officers. Persons employing or aiding others to c*nv oa such illegal transactions to be deemed rogues and vagabonds. Manner is which anions for penalties shall be commenced. Where the amount of penalties sued for is not inserted in writs, the defendant to be served virk a copy of the procefa, &c. Offenders arfju !gtd rogues and vagahondi may be committed. Proceedings not removable by certiorari. GeoeraJ issue.

CAP. XCIV.

An act to explain an act of the present section of parliament % for c; n-fclidating and amending the provisions of the several asti relating: s corps of yeomanry and volunteers in Great Britain, fi far as rt-spefts the accounting for monies received by volunteer officers, — [July 28, 1804.]

WHEREAS by an act\ passed in the present fejfian of perils men^ intituled An act to consolidate and amend the provisions of the several acts relating to corps of yeomanry and volunteers in Great Britain) and to make further regulations relating thereto, certain sums of money are dir eft ed to be paid to the commuting or other officers of or persons belonging to corps or troops or comp* vies of yeomanry and volunteers, in the several Cases in the said aRjpt-cified) to be by such officers or other persons paid9 applied and-counted fory in the manner and for the purposes therein directed: novr, be it enacted and declared by the King's most excellent majesty. Officers, &c. by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and tem-deemed*pub- P°raU and commons, in this present parliament afleaabled, and lick account" kv the authority of the same, That no officer or other person beams on ac- longing to any corps or troop or company of yeomanry or volun-count of mo- teers, shall be deemed a publick accountant or sub-accoununt, Sndcrredted ^Y reaf°n of any monies which have been issued or shall be act> 1 imied to, or received by him, by virtue of the said recited act

CAP. XCV.

An act to amend certain provisions of an al7, made in the forty-tliri year of his present Majesty, to enable his Majesty to provide forth defence and security of the realm) which respect the purchase ofloots and hereditaments for the publick service.

[July 28, 1804.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the forty-third year of hi* present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to enable his Majesty more effectually to provide for the defence and security of the realm during the present war, and for indemnifying persons who may suffer in their property by such measures as may be necefliry for that purpose, provision is made for the taking of ground wonted fir the puplick service, and for putting his Majesty into pofjefpen thereof, and for ascertaining the competition to be made far the possej/io* or use thereof during the time for which the same may be required for tU

fubliii

*3 Geo. 3. c.jj.

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 95.

367

f ah lidfrr vice: and whereas doubts have ariftn whether the said provi-fm of the said act extends to the purchasing or taking any lands or here-d;: aments for permanent purposes j and it is expedient that such doubts should be removed, and that provision should be made for enabling his Majesty to purchase and take any lands or hereditaments necessary for the erecting of fortifications, batteries, lines > and other military works cr barracks, military hospitals, and other buildings necessary for the publick service in the defence of the realm; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and co.ifent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

That the said recited provision of the said act of the forty third Provision in year of his present Majesty's reign shall be and the same is recited act hereby repealed, save and except as to any commission or com- ground*for millions before the passing of this act granted by his Majesty, or the publick the lieutenant or other chief governor of Ireland, to any general service repeal-officer or officers, or other person or persons, under the said but provision of the said recited act.

II. And be it further enacted, That every such commission commissions granted by his Majesty, or the lieutenant or chief governor of

Ireland, before the passing of this act, shall be and continue in ^continuein force for the purposes of this act; and all such general officers force, and other persons in the said commission or commissions named shall and may act in the execution of this act, in like manner as if such commission or commissions had been granted after the passing thereof,

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his His Majesty,

Majesty, or for the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or fr

governors of Ireland for the time being in Ireland, from time to fons to survey

time to authorise any general officer or officers, or other person and mark out

or persons commissioned for that purpose, to survey and mark lands, and

out any lands or grounds wanted for the publick service, and to trtat w!h £* P, tr 7 r owners for the

treat and agree with the owner or owners thereof, or any person absolute pur-

or'persons interested therein, either for the absolute purchase phafc thereof.

thereof for the publick service, or for the possession or use

thereof, during such time as the exigence of the publick service

shall require.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies pols-bodies politick or corporate, ecclesiastical or civil, and all

feoffees or trustees for charitable or other publick purposes, and such for all tenants for life and tenants in tail, and for the husbands, lands, Sc guardians, trustees, committees, curators, or attornies of, such of the owners or proprietors of, or persons interested in any such lands or hereditaments required for the publick service, as shall be fences covert, infants, lunaticks, idiots, or persons beyond the seas, or otherwise incapable of acting for themselves, to contract and agree with such general officer or officers, or other person or persons authorised as aforesaid, either for the absolute sale of such lands or hereditaments, or for the grant of any lease, either ., for any term of years certain therein, or for such period as the exigence Of the public); service shall require, and to convey,

surrender.

Act not to affctt proceedings under recited&, in relation to any ground re-

Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 95. [1804.

surrender, demise, or grant the same to such general officer or officers, or other person or persons, in trust for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, accordingly; and all such contracts; files, conveyances, surrenders, leal'es, and agreements, shall be valid and effectual in law to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this act contained ('hall extend, os be construed to extend, to affect or annul any proceedings that may have been had, or that may be now pending, under the said recited act, in relation to any ground required for the publick fefVice, or to extend to any contract or agreement made before the passing of this act in

the relation to any such ground otherwise than for the purpose of publick fer* ... j 'I

vice, Scc.

In default of treating, or where the

applying the powers and provisions thereof to the enabling ail parties thereto to carry the same into effect, in case such powers shall be necessary,

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case any such bodies or o her persons hereby authorised to contract on behalf of themselves or others as aforesaid, or any other person or perfoiw

a^eeTtiie nt interested in any such lands or hereditaments which shall befo

persons authorised by his Majesty may require two justices,

&c. to put his Majesty's officers in possession.

Jury to be

marked out and surveyed for the publick service, shall, for the space of fourteen days next after notice in writing subscribed by such general officer, or other person authorised as aforesaid, fhi'I have been given to the principal officer or officers of any such body; or to such other persons hereby authorised to contra&on behalf of others, or interested themselves as aforesaid, or left at his, her, or their usual place of abode, refuse or decline to treat or agree, or by reason of absence shall be prevented fioo treating or agreeing with such general officer or other person authorised as aforesaid, or shall refuse to accept such sum of money as shall be offered by such officer or other person, as the cooperation for the absolure purchase of such lands and hereditaments, or such annual rent or sum as shall be offered for the hire thereof, cither for a time certain, or for such period as the exigence of the publick service may require, then and in such case it shall be lawful for such general officer or other person, so authorised by his Majesty, or by such lord-lieutenant or chief governor as aforesaid, to require two or more justice of the peace, or three or more deputy lieutenants (one of whom shall be a joffice of the peace) or two or more deputy-governors for the county, riding, stewartry, city, or place, where such lands or hereditaments shall be, to put his Majesty's officers into immediate possession of such lands or hereditaments, which such justices, or deputy lieutenants or deputy-governors, are hereby required to do, and shall for that purpose issue their warrant under their hands and seals, commanding possession to be !o delivered; and shall also issue their warrants to' the sheriff of the

summoned to county, riding, stewartry, city, or place, wherein such lands or value the hereditaments shall be situate, to summon a jury; and every such

premises. sheriff is hereby authorised and required to summon amd return

a jury, properly qualified, of the number of twenty-four, and in the manner required by the laws of England, Intend, and Suik*d i respectively,

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 95. 369

respectively, who shall meet at some convenient time and place to be mentioned in such fupunons, out of whom a jury of twelve shall be drawn, in such manner as juries for the trial of HTues joined in his Majesty's courts at Westminster and, Dublin are drawn by law in England and Ireland respectively, and in such manner as juries are drawn by law for the trial of offences in Scotland and in case a sufficient number shall not appear, the said sheriff shall choose others of the bye-standers, or that can speedily be procured, being qualified as aforesaid, and the said jurymen may be challenged by the parties bn either side, but not the array; and the said justices, deputy lieutenants, or governors respectively, may funrmon witnesses, and adjourn any such meeting, if jurymen or witnesses do not attend; and the jury, on hearing any witnesses and evidence that may be pro* duced, shall, on their oaths (which oaths, as also the oaths of such witnesses, the said justices, deputy lieutenants, or governors, respectively, are hereby empowered and required to administer), find the compensation, to be paid either for the absolute purchase of such lands or hereditaments, or for the possession or use thereof, as the case may be.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any ApPcaJ ma3r such officer or officers, for whose department of publick service she'cour^of such lands or hereditaments shall have been taken, or any person exchequer, interested therein, shall be dissatisfied with the verdict of any &c. if either such jury, it shall be lawful for them or their attornies, in Eng- P*y*dif-land and Ireland* to apply to the court of exchequer at Westminster [he v^ia^of or Dublin respectively, in the term next, and, in Scotland, to the jury* apply, within fourteen days after the finding any such verdiS, to the court of session in Scotland in time of session, or lord ordinary on the bills in, time of vacation, and to fugged to the said courts or lord ordinary respelUvely, that they have reason to be dif-(atisfied with such verdict, and forthwith give notice thereof to the officer or party (as the case may be) and thereupon, in England mi Ireland\ the proceedings that shall have been had, and the verdict of such jury, shall be returned into the said courts of exchequer respectively; and if it shall appear to the said courts to be proper, such suggestion shall be entered on such proceedings as aforesaid, and a writ shall thereupon, by rule of such court, or order of any judge of such court, be dircded to the sheriff of At county where such lands or hereditaments shall lie, or if the same shall lie in two counties, to the sheriff of either of such counties, to summon either a common or special jury, according to the application that shall have been made in that behalf, and ss the court or as such judge shall allow, and who shall respect lively be qualified according to law, to appear before the said justice or justices of assize or nisi prius of that county, at the next assizes or fittings of nisi prius, if the same shall not happen (boner than twenty-one days after such suggestion, otherwise at the next succeeding assizes or fittings; and The compensation to be paid either for the absolute purchase, or for the possession or use of such lands or hereditaments (as the case shall be) shall, at Vol. XLV. B a such

37° Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 95. [1804.

such affixes or fittings* be ascertained by such jury, in like manner as any damages may be inquired of upon any inquisition or inquiry of damages, by any jury* before any judge of assize or tiifi prius, and the verdict of such jury shall be returned to the said court of exchequer, and shall be final and conclusive; and in Scotland, if it shall appear proper to the said court of session or lord ordinary, upon such application so to do, the said court or lord ordinary shall order and direct the sheriff of the county where such lands pr hereditaments shall lie, or if the same shall lie in two counties, to the sheriff of either of such counties, to summon another jury in the manner in which juries are summoned in Scotland) properly qualified according to law, to appear before the lords or lord of judiciary at the next circuit, if the same shall not happen sooner than twenty-one days after such application, otherwise at the next succeeding circuit, and the compensation as aforesaid for the lands or hereditaments (as the fcafe shall be) shall at such circuit be ascertained by a jury drawn from the jury summoned as aforesaid, in such manner as juries are drawn in Scotland, under the direction of the said lords or lord of judiciary aforesaid $ and the verdict of such last mentioned jury shall be final and conclusive, without being subject to review or challenge of any kind, unless the court that shall have allowed such inquiry shall think fit, on any application made within four days after the commencement of the succeeding term or session, if in Scotland) to order any new trial in relation thereto.

Jury may

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall woooorfiM to^for any jury impannelled before any judice of the peace be paid out of or magistrate or deputy-lieutenant or deputy governor, or before compeoration any judge of assize or niji prius, to ascertain the compensation to f°dTlal1 Pa^or anyan<*s or ^crc*taments under this act, and they

knees, dec. are |lcrcby required to ascertain and settle the proportion to be

paid out of such compensation, to any persons having any intered as lessees or tenants at will or otherwise in any such lands or he* reditaments, and the proportion to be paid out of such compensation shall be returned on the verdits: provided also, that where any such inquiry before any judge of assize or nijipriys shall he had on the application of any such lessee*or tenant at will, or other person having any inferior intered in any such lands or hereditaments who mav have been dissatisfied with the proportion of compensation settled by the jury to be paid in respect of such intered, it shall not be lawful for the jury in any such case to alter the amount of the entire compensation awarded by any former verdict to be paid for futh lands or hereditaments, but only the proportion thereof to be paid to the person or persons having separate interests therein; and it shall not be lawful for any jury on any inquiry had before any judge of assize or nisi prius, as to any such compensation, on the application of any such officer as a*ore-said, in any case in which the whole compensation awarded by them shall be the same as the whole compensation awarded by the former jury, to alter the proportion that shall have been settled by any such former jury as to any separate intcrelh in any such lands or hereditaments.

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 95. 371

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be Court to lawful for the court, or judge, or lord-ordinary, making any such require the rule or order, to require that the party* on whose application the P*rtyto fc, ve same shall be made, shall give such security as shall, to such y or court* judge, or lord*ordinary, seem proper for payment of cods,

under such circumstances as shall be specified in any rule or order made for that purpose.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Lands not to lands or hereditaments shall be so taken for the publick service be taken for without the consent of the owner or owners thereof, or of any the publick such person or persons as aforesaid, adiing for or on the behalf of the owner or owners thereof, unless the necessity or expediency of owners, taking the same shall be first certified by the lord-lieutenant, or unless in ccr* two of the deputy lieutenants, or by the governor or two deputy tain cases, governors of the county, riding, stewartry, city, or place, in which such lands or hereditaments lie, or unless the enemy shall have adhially invaded the United Kingdom at the time when such lands or hereditaments shall be so taken.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in ail cases where any Ere^|onaon

lands or hereditaments shall have been taken under the said pro- lands, taken vision of the said recited act, or shall be taken under the proyinons for a tempo-of this act, for any term of years, or for such period only as the ray puiiwfe* exigency of the publick service shall require, it shall be lawful for*

his Majesty's officer or officers, or other person or persons so au- lands are re-thorised as aforesaid, in the departments of publick service for the stored to the use of which such lands or hereditaments shall have been taken, owner, and

at any time before the possession thereof shall be delivered up to the jhajj^£*de owner or owners thereof, or other person or persons acting on his, for the injury her, or their behalf, to take down and remove all such buildings or done, other erections which, shall or may have been built or erecteef thereon, for the publick service, after the same was so taken as aforesaid, and to carry away the materials thereof, making such compensation to the owner or owners of such lands or hereditaments, or other person or persons adding on his, her, or their behalf, for the damage or injury which may have been done thereto, or to the foil thereof, by the erection of any such buildings, or otherwise, in consequence of the same having been occupied for the publick service, as such officer or other person or persons authorised as aforesaid shall think reasonable, and as shall be agreed Upon in that behalf; and if such owner or owners, or other per- jn

Ion or persons acting on his, her, or their behalf, shall not be disagreement, Stilling to accept the compensation so offered, it shall be lawful how comnen-for such officer or other person or persons so authorised as afore- fat: on shall be bid, to apply to and require two justices of the peace, of the ctte*bounty, riding, stewartry, city, or place, to settle and ascertain the tempenfationwhich ought to be made for such damage or injury

aforesaid, and such justices shall settle and ascertain the fime kcordingly, and shall grant a certificate thereof; and the amount such compensation, so settled, and ascertained, and certified, pall forthwith be paid by the treasurer, accountant, or other toper officer for the time being, of the office or department for f c b 2 the

37*

Act not to cffca any* agreement between the parties.

Where an

Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 95. [1804.

the life of which such lands or hereditaments shall have been taken, to the person or persons entitled thereto: Provided always, that nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed toex-tend, to alter, prejudice, or effed any agreement which hath been or shall or may be entered into by any such officer or other person authorised as aforesaid, with any owner or owners of any such lands or hereditaments, or other person or persons acting on his, her, or their behalf, in relation to any such buildings or eredrons, but every such agreement shall remain valid and effectual, in like manner as if this act had not been passed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any — S annual rent or sum shall be awarded by the verdict of a jury, as ed* the ver-the compensation for the possession or use of any lands or hcredi-dia shall be taments, during the time for which the same shall be required for certified to the publick service, such verdict shall be certified by the justices, the or deputy lieutenants or deputy governors aforesaid, to the rc-

Suid-tax!&c.e ceiver-general of the land-tax or the county, riding, city, or place who shall pay in England, or to the collector of the land-tax of the county, the (kmc. stewartry, city, or place in Scotland, or to the collector of his Majesty's revenues for districts in Inland, where such lands or hereditaments lie, which receiver-general or collector shall, out of any money in his hands, from time to time pay such compensation to Gich person or persons, and in such manner, and for such Purchase mo- purposes, as by such verdict shall be directed; and where any ney payable to money or other consideration shall have been or shall be agreed, or tick*te*Ttobe ^all have been or shall be found by the verdict of any jury* to be paid to the paid or given for the absolute purchase of any lands or herediu-deputy re- ments taken by virtue of this act, belonging to any such body, or ^"hrancer other person or persons under any disability or incapacity, or not tfTthe feme" h^ngthcfrbfolute interest therein, the same shall be paid or trans-jo the court ferred by the treasurer, accountant, or other proper officer for the of exchequer, time being of the office or department, for the use of which such fce..lands or hereditaments shall be taken, into the hands or into the

name of the deputy at the King's remembrancer of his Majesty's court of exchequer at Westminster, Edinburgh, or Dublin respectively for the time being, for the use and benefit of the owners and proprietors of such lands or hereditaments, who is hereby authorised and required to receive or accept, and to give a discharge for the same, and upon the acceptation or receipt thereof to sign a certificate to the barons or judges of the said courts of exchequer respectively, under his hand, purporting and signifying that such money or other consideration was received or accepted by, ad paid or transferred to him in pursuance of this act, for the use and benefit of such owners or proprietors who shall be named and described in such certificate, and the said certificate shall be filed or deposited in the said court of exchequer at Westminster, Edit-burgh, or Dublin respectively; and a true copy thereof, signed of the deputy remembrancer of such court, shall and may be re* and allowed as evidence for the purposes herein after mentioned and the said deputy remembrancer is hereby required, upon re'ccipt of any such sum or sums of money as aforesaid, to pay th

fan

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 95. 373

same into the bank of England, or bank of Scotland, or royal bank of Scotland, or bank of Ireland^ as the case may require; and immediately upon the filing or depositing of such certificate, the said lands or hereditaments shall be and become vested in the general officer or other person marking out the same for the publick service, to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the barons or judges of Who shall his Majesty's court of exchequer at Westminster, Edinburgh^ or tioni m to"tha Dublin, of the degree of the coif for the time being respectively, application of or any two or more of them, shall be, and they are hereby autho- the money, rifed and empowered, in a luminary way, upon motion or by

petition, for and on behalf of any person or persons interested in or entitled to the benefit of the money so paid to and received by the deputy remembrancer, or the interest or produce thereof, and upon reading the certificate directed to be signed by the said deputy remembrancer concerning the same as aforesaid, and receiving such further satisfaction as they shall think necessary, to make and pronounce such orders and directions for paying the said money or any part of the same, or for placing out such part thereof as shall be principal in the publick funds, or upon government or real securities, and for payment of the dividends or interest thereof, or any part thereof, to the respective persons entitled to receive the same, or for laying out the principal, or any part thereof, in the purchase of other lands or hereditaments, to be conveyed and settled, to, for, and upon the same uses, trusts, intents, and purposes, as the said lands and hereditaments so taken Hood settled, at the time of the payment of such money as aforesaid, as near as the same can be done, or otherwise concerning the disposing of the said money, and any part thereof, and the interest of the same, or any part thereof, for the benefit of the person and persons entitled to and interested in the same respect lively, or for appointing any person or persons to be trustee or trusteesfor all or any of such purposes, as the said court shall think Just and reasonable.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That upon the death or re- °n inoval of any such deputy remembrancer, all stocks and securities [hJTdeputv vested in him by virtue of this act, shall vest in the succeeding leroembran-deputy remembrancer, for the purposes herein-before mentioned, cer, money without any alignment or transfer; and all monies paid into the Rd fr said banks respectively, in pursuance of this act, or remaining in

the hands of any deputy remembrancer at his death or removal, and not vested in the funds, or placed out on securities as aforesaid, shall be paid over to the succeeding deputy remembrancer for the time being.

XV. And be it further enacted and declared, That if in any tIierc case the King's remembrancer shall execute the said office in

person, then and in such case the several trusts, powers, and J*Vdeputy authorities, by this act vested in the said deputy remembrancer remembran-and his successors, shall, during, such time as no deputy remem- ?°.vrcr brancer shall be appointed, be veiled in, and be executed by, the said King's remembrancer for the time being, F

374 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 96. [1804.

44 Geo. 3. c. 56.

43 Geo. 3. c. 101.

CAP. XCVI.

An act to alter, amend, and render more effectual, an act passed in the present session of parliament, intituled An act for establishing and maintaining a permanent additional force for the defence of the realmf and to provide for augmenting his Majesty's regular forces; and for the gradual reduction of the militia of England \ so far at the same relates to the city of London.

[July 28, 1804.]

WHEREAS an act passed in this session of parliament, intituled An act for establishing and maintaining a permanent additional force for the defence of the realm, and to provide for augmenting his Majesty's regular forces; and for the gradual reduction of the militia of England: And whereas the city of London is, by ancient charter, exempt from raising men for military service, but have heretofore voluntarily rat fed their proportionate number of men for the defence of the realm: and whereas an act passed for that purpose in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for raising in the city of London a certain number of men, as an addition to the military force of Great Britain, for the better defence and security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous pro-fccution of the war .* And whereas it is expedient that the rights and privileges of the said city Jfrould be preserved; but the said city an, nevertheless, desirous of raising their full proportion of men for the defence of the realm: and whereas, by reason of the division of the said city into wards, and the regulations of the said recited act of the kfl section of parliament, the provisions of the said recited act of this session of parliament are not applicable to the raising of men, or levying cf money for fines, for any default in the said city: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the Recited act of same, That, from and after the passing of this act, nothing in the

44. Geo. 3. c. faj(j recited act of this session of parliament contained shall extend*1^ appor- tenc^ or^conrue^ 10 extend to the apportioning of the men to tioning men be raised by the said city, among any of the parishes in the said among the parishes, or raising rates in the city.

Number of men, and the

city, or to the mode of raising or levying any rates for the payment of any fines arising from any defaults therein; any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That the one thousand six hundred men, to be raised by virtue of this act within the said city proportions to of London, shall be raised and provided by the several wards of be raised by the city, and the liberties and precincts within the same, in the cac ward, proportions following; that is to say.

By the wards of

Alder[gate Within and St. Martin's It Grand twenty-four men; Aldersgate Without twenty-eight men i Aidgate eighty men;

BaJRsJbaw sixteen men;

Bmngfgate fifty-six men;

Bishopsgate Within fifty-eight men;

Bishopsgate Without sixty-six men;

Bread Street thirty-two men;

Bridge thirty-four men;

Broad Street sixty-six men;

Candlewick twenty-eight men;

Castle Baynard fifty-eight men;

Cheap fifty-eight men;

Coleman Street forty-eight men;

Cordwainer thirty men;

Cernbill forty-eight men;

Cripplegate Wttbin fifty-eight men;

Cripplegate Without forty-eight men;

Dowgate thirty-six men;

Farringdan Within one hundred and twelve men;

Farringdon Without two hundred and fifty-six men;

Langbourn eighty-eight men;

Lime Street twenty-eight men;

Portsoken sixty men;

Sfoeenhitbe twenty-eight men;

Tower eighty-eight men;

Vtntry thirty-two men;

Walbrook thirty-six men.

375

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Men /ernijg men raised and now serving under the said act of the last session

of parliament* shall go in diminution of the number of men re- diminution of quired in the respective wards for which they are so serving. the number.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Men to be raising and completing the said number of men, all men to be r^fed to be hereafter raised in the city of London for such additional force USonTSe shall from time to time* be apportioned among the several wards ward*

in the said city, by the of of lieutenancy of the said city, and shall be raised under provisions, and according to the rules and regulations contained in the said recited act of this session of parliament.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case of any default arising Fine of % ol to within the said city of London, or in any of the wards thereof, be for the of of lieutenancy for the said city shall and they p^i?etT not are hereby authorised to assess the sum of twenty pounds for every p

man that shall be deficient, and shall order and direct that such fines shall be raised, assessed, and levied in fuph wards as shall have made default.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all such fines shall be In what man afiefled and raised, collected and levied, in the said several wards ner the fine* of the said city, according to/uch powers, provisions, rules, and J^daud regulations as are contained in the said recited act of the last p^.

session of parliament, in relation to the levying and assessing of any sum of money for the raising of men under the said act; and all such fines, when collected, shall be paid to the receiver-gene-

plied act.

Arrears of assessments under recited act to be collected'

376 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 96. [1804.

ral of the land-tax for the find city, to be by him paid in and accounted for, according to the order of the Secretary at war or his deputy; and all persans authorised and required by the said recited adr if the Jail session of parliament to raise any money for the purposes therein mentioned, who shall refuse or neglect to afiefs, raise, levy, or collect any money required by this act, to be raised for die payment of any fines, shall be liable to the prori-fions in the said recited act of this session of parliament contained for the enforcing the payment of such fines.

Monies raised

VII. And be it further enacted, That all monies raised under under recited the said recited act of the last session of parliament, in any of the

ioi+tobe3aC' war<*s l^c an<* not aPpl*cc*so the purposes of the said

Hed to this" before the passing of this act, shall go and be applied in such respective wards, if the same shall become necessary, towards the payment of any sum of money required to be raised under this act, as fines for any defaults in raising men in such respective wards.

VIII. Provided always, That in every case in which it shall become necessary to raise any such sum of money for any fines under this act, in any ward in which any sum of money shall have been assessed under the said recited act of the last session of parliament, and in which any part of any such assessment shall not have been fully raised, levied, and collected, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the persons authorised to collect and levy airy such sum of money under the said act, to levy and collect al! such sums of money for the purpose of this act, or the payment of any fines as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all the powers, proviibes, rules, regulations, forfeitures, penalties, clauses, matters and things contained in the said recited act of the last session of parliament, or in an act passed in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for amending and reducing into one act of parliament two several aftj, passed in the thirty-fourth and thirty-ffjflb years of the reign of his present Majesty^for the better ordering the militia of the city of London, and for the further regt* lating of the trained bands or militia of the said city shall, so far as the same are not altered or varied, or other and different provisions made in relation to the additional force under the said recited act of the last session of parliament, or the additional force under this act, be applied and practised for the purposes of this act, and as to the additional force required by the act of this fef. ftnn of parliament, and this act, so far as the same are applicable, in as full and ample a manner as if the said powers, provisoes, rules, regulations, forfeitures, penalties, clauses, matters, and things, were again repeated and enacted in this act.

Act 44. Geo. 3. 3^. And in order that tlfe rights and privileges of the eity ef

c. 6- and this London may not be hfringed^ be it further enacted, That the said prriudiafthe rec*lct* of this session of parliament, or this act, or any thing -therein or herein contained, shall not diminish or be prejudicial to the rights, privileges, immunities, and exemptions to which the mayor and commonality and citizens of the city of Lonien

or

Powers of 43 Geo. j.c 101., and 3i Geo. j. c. 92. toex tend to this

rights of the City.

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 97.98.377

or the freemen, citizens, or inhabitants of the said city, or the suburbs and liberties of the same, or of all privileged places within the limits and precincts thereof, as well within the liberties as without, are entitled to enjoy by prescription, act of parliament, charter, or usage, but the said mayor and commonality and citizens, and freemen citizens and inhabitants of the said city, shall and may continue to enjoy all and Angular the said rights, liberties, usages, customs, privileges, immunities, and exemptions, in as full, ample, and beneficial a manner as if the said recited a£k of this session of parliament, or this act, had not been made.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed PubEckaftl and taken to be a publick act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges* justices, and other persons whorasoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XCVII.

An act for raising the sum of eight hundred thousand pounds Irish currency, by treasury bills, for the service of Ireland, for the year one thousand eight hundred and four.

[July sS, 1804.]

To be paid half yearly 5l. per cent per annum for 8oo, oco/. In Hi currency or such part thereof as shall be paid in the exchequer of Ireland. Bills for such sums may be issued and taken in payment of the revenue after such time as shall be appointed by the lord-lieutenant. Interest to cease on bills when received by any receiver of the revenue. Money to be paid into the exchequer at Dublin and carried to the consolidated Kind. Bills and interest to be a charge on the first supplies granted next session.*

Bank of Ireland may advance the money.

CAP. XCVIII.

An act to repeal the several duties under the commissioners for managing the duties upon stamped vellum, parchment, and paper^in Great Britain, and to grant new and additional duties in lieu thereof — [July 28, 1804.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS the several rates and duties upon damped vellum, parchment, and paper, and upon other articles and things under the care of the commissioners for managing the said duties, are become very numerous, intricate, and compheated, and it will tend to give facility to business, and contribute materially to the publick benefit to consolidate and Amplify the same; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the tenth day of October one thousand eight hundred and four, all and Angular the tieatmd draw--duties, allowances, discounts, compensations, and drawbacks of backs under stamp duties, and other duties under the care of the said com- the care of missioners for managing the duties upon damped vellum, parch- the commif-ment and paper, granted by any act or acts of parliament now in s^mpt <shall force, shall cease and determine save and except in all cases re- Cease.F

lating

378 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii jll. c. 98. [1804.

taring to the recovering, allowing, or paying any arrears thereof respectively, which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, fines, penalties, or forfeitures, relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any time before or on the said tenth day of October one thousand eight hun-^toduties or ^rcc*an<* ^our)> Provided always, that nothing in this act contained drawbacks &all extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal, or in anywise

granted by alter, the duties or drawbacks granted by an act of the thirty-

39 and 40 ninth and fortieth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, Geo. 3. c. 7* In afi for the union Great Britain and Ireland.

II. And whereas the commons of Great Britain and Ireland, in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defr&j the expences of the just and necessary war in which your Motjeftj is en* [ gaged % have refohea to grant to your Majesty several new and additional and other duties on farnped vellum, parchment and paper, and upon other articles and things under the management of the commissioners of the stamp-duties\ and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it therefore enacted, From Oct. 10, That, from and after the said tenth day of October one thousand, d* tks^nd eight hundred and four, in lieu and instead of the said duties respectdrawbacks in lively by this act repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected, the annexed and paid, in England unto his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, for schedules shall and in respect of the several instruments, articles, matters, and be paid and things, mentioned, enumerated, and described in the schedules owc marked (A.) and (B.) hereunto annexed, the several sums of money and duties as they are respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the column of the said schedules marked (A.) and £B.), intituled, "England*" and that there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid in like manner in Scotland, the several sums of money and duties as they are respectively inserted, deferred, and set forth in the column of the said schedules marked (A.) and (B.), intituled "Scotland-" and that there shall be made, allowed, and paid, for or in respect of all such articles, matters, or things, as are inserted, enumerated, and described in the schedule marked (C.) hereunto annexed, the several allowances, drawbacks, or sums of money, as the same are respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said schedule marked (C.)

Act not to

III. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this act con-licence mm-a*nc<* extend, or be construed to extend, to make void any ed under any licence or licences granted under or by virtue of any taw or laws taw in force relating to his Majesty's stamp-duties, in force before or on the on Oct. 10, tenth day of October one thousand eight hundred and four, or to ikences52? require or compel any person, to whom any such licence shall stage coaches, have been granted, to renew or take out any fresh licence until the end and expiration of the term for which any licence was granted, save and except all such licences as may or shall have been granted under the authority aforesaid, to any person or persons for employing any publick stage coach or carriage for the purpose of conveying passengers for hire.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- Allowance to ful to and for the said of for managing the duties on* for stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, and they are hereby di- term^such relfced and required, to deduct and allow, to such persons respect licences, dvely as shall pay the duties by this act imposed on licences for

keeping or employing publick ft age coached or carriages for the purpose of carrying passengers for hire, at and after the rate of one shilling and three-pence for each and every entire quarter of a year which may remain unexpired of the term of any former licence granted to any such persons respectively for the like purpose.

V. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this act con- Act not to tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to annul or make^traafor"^ void any contralt or agreement, made or entered into by his Ma- forming the jetty's commif&oners for managing the duties on stamped vellum, post-horse parchment, and paper, under or by virtue of any law or laws in duties.

force before or on the said tenth day of Ottaber one thousand eight hundred and four, for letting to farm the rates and duties on horses let to hire, for travelling post, and By time; any thing in this a St contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstand-

ing.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, for the better and more Duties to be ?ffectual levying and collecting the duties by this act granted, the same shall be under the government, care, and management of the S*he com-rommissioners for the time being appointed to manage the duties missioners for >n stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who, or the major ttamps, who part of them, are hereby required and empowered to appoint and ^ccr^How rmploy such officers under them for that purpose, and to allow foi^es) pro-W such salaries and incidental charges as may be necessary, and to vide stainpi, >rovide such marks, ttamps, or dies, in order to denote any of &c. ihe several duties payable by virtue of this act, whenever they fee Kcasion, to use such ttamps as shall have been heretofore prodded to denote any former duties on stamped vellum, parchment,

>r paper, or to cause new ttamps to be provided for the purpose of denoting the duties granted by this act, and to alter or renew he same respectively from time to time, and to do all other hings necessary to be done for putting this act into execution, with relation to the said duties hereby gi anted, in the like and in is full and ample a manner as they, or the major part of them, ire authorised to put in execution any law or laws concerning tamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commission-aid of for managing the duties on vellum, parchment, ers may issue, ind paper, and they are hereby authorised to issue any vellum, Pufc°Y*l-)archment, or paper, stamped before the tenth day of October with [Um, &c!Ve*my stamp or mark denoting any duty of like amount, with any ftaxnpcd be*

of the duties specified in the said schedule; or for any persons, fore Oct. 10, laving in their possession any such vellum, parchment, or paper, 'Xnot o issue, use, or apply the same, in like manner as if the same had in^duticTcf* >een stamped with ttamps or dies expressly provided under the like amount authority of this act* any thing in this act to the contrary not- with those

380 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 98. [1804.

Duties and

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said several sums of drawbacks to monCy respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said allowed schedules marked (A.) and (B.) as duties payable to his Majesty, former duties his heirs and successors, and the several allowances, drawbacks, and draw* and sums of money, for or in respect of the several articles, mat-backs; and ters, an(| things inserted, described, and set forth in the said sche-^eradt^, ^ulc marked (C.) shall and maybe respectively raised, levied, except hereby collected, answe/ed, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated, and altered, to ex-allowed, except where any alteration is expressly made by this tend to this, in such and the like manner, and in or by any or either of the general or special means, ways, or methods, by which the former duties under the management of the said of of damped vellum, parchment, or paper respectively, and the allowances and drawbacks under the management of the said of respectively, were or might be raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated, and allowed; and the several persons, and also all vellum, parchment, paper, or Other material of what nature or kind soever, upon which any matter or thing shall be written, printed, or ingrossed, and by this act respectively made liable to the payment of duty, and also the several other articles, matters, and things, by this act respectively made liable to the payment of duty, or which shall be entitled to any allowance or drawback as respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said schedules, marked (A.) (B.) and (C.), shall be, and the same are hereby made, except where any alteration is expressly made by this act, subject and liable to all and every the conditions, regulations, rules, and restrictions, to which such persons, and aUb such vellum, parchment, paper, or other material of what nature or kind ibever, upon which any such matter or thing as aforesaid shall be written, printed, or engrossed, and other articles, matters, and things as aforesaid, were generally or specially subject and liable by any act or acts of parliament in j force before or on the said tenth day of October one thousand eight hundred and four, respecting the duties under the management of the said of of stamped vellum, parchment, and paper; and all and every pain, penalty, fine, or forfeiture (except where any alteration is expressly made by this act}, for any offence whatsoever, committed against or in breach of any act or acts of parliament now in force, before or on the said tenth day of Ofttbtr one thousand eight hundred and four, for securing the duties under the management of the said of of stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, or for the regulation or improvement of the said duties, and the several clauses, powers, provisions, di-redions, matters, and things therein contained (unless where expressly altered by this act}, -shall, and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in execution, for and in respect of the several duties by this act charged, imposed, and allowed, in as full and ample a manner, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as if all and every the said clauses, provisions, powers, directions, fines, pains, penalties, or forfeitures, matters, and things, were particularly re-t pcated and rc-enacted in the body of this act.

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 98. 381

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons Persons coun-whatsoever shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be

forged or counterfeited, any mark, (lamp, or die, which shall be gujj^of ° provided, made, or lifed in pursuance of this act, or shall coun- felony with-terfeit or resemble, or cause or procure to be counterfeited or re- out clergy, sembled, the impression of any such mark, (lamp, or die, upon any vellum, parchment, paper, or other material, or upon any other matter or thing, or the impression of the (lamp or die, upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, allowed to be issued, used, or applied under the authority of this act, thereby to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of the duties by this act charged or imposed, or if any person or persons shall utter, vend, or sell, any vellum, parchment, paper, or other material, or other matter or thing, with such forged or counterfeit mark, damp, or impression thereupon, knowing such mark, (lamp, or impression to be forged or counterfeit, every such person so offending, being thereof convicted in due form of law, shall be judged a felon, and shall suffer death, as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

X. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said From Oct. io, tenth day of October one thousand eight hundred and four, it shall not be lawful for any person or persons whatsoever to commence, naltiestb^l be prosecute, enter, or file, or cause or procure to be commenced, commenced prosecuted, entered or filed, any action, bill, plaint or information, but in name in any of his Majesty's courts, or before any jurftice or justices of the peace, or other magistrate or magistrates whatsoever, against {England, any person or persons, for the recovery of any fine, penalty, or and advocate forfeiture, made or incurred by virtue of this or any other act or for Scotland, acts of parliament relating to his Majesty's stamp-duties, or any ?fthe other duties under the management of the commissioners of the gamp-duties, duties on damped vellum, parchment and paper, for the time being, unless the same be commenced, prosecuted, entered, or filed in the name of his Majesty's attorney general, or his Majesty's advocate for Scotland, as the case may be, in England or Scotland respectively, or in the name of the solicitor or some other officer of his Majesty's stamp-duties in England or Scotland respectively; and if any action, bill, plaint, or information, shall be commenced, prosecuted, entered, or filed, in the name or names of any other person or perfoi\$ than is or are in that behalf before-mentioned, the same, and every proceeding thereupon had; are hereby declared, and the same shall be null and void to all intents and purposes.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no single inftmment, No instru-article, matter, or thing, which by this act is subject or liable to

only one fp.ecifick duty, shall be charged or chargeable under any 0niyDfliall £e two or more separate and distinct heads or denominations; any charged under thing in this or any other act or acts of parliament contained to separate the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. heads.

XII. And whereas by an aftypassed in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled An act for to Geo. 3. granting to his Majesty several additional duties on advertise- c. as. ments, and certain duties on receipts for legacies, or for any share of a personal estate divided by force of the statute of distributions,

or At

*3 Geo. i. c. 58. and

6 Geo. 3.

3$i Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 98. [1804.

or the custom of any province or place; by one other off, made inr the twenty-third year of his present Mayejiy, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty several additional yid new duties upon damped vellum, parchment, and paper, and also for repealing certain exemptions from the stamp-duties; and by one other afi9 made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty several additional stamp-

51. recited, jmfcg on probates of wills, letters of administration, and on re.

ceipts for legacies, or for any share of a personal estate divided by 2)uties charg- force of the statute of distributions; certain duties are charged acts oiHegJu upon receiPts or other discharges for and in respect of legacies given or tics derived bequeathed by or derived from persons who died previous to the twenty from persons seventh day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six: end who died pi e- whereas it is expedient to continue the said duties on receipts or £f-t^nl charges for and in respect of such legacies so given or bequeathed by continue for derived from persons who died previous to the said twenty fieventh day two years of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six^for and during the from Od. xo, fgrm two years, from the tenth day of October one thousand eight 1 hundred and four: be it therefore enacted, That the said duties on

legacies, given or bequeathed by or derived from persons who died previous to the twenty-seventh day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, shall be and remain payable, and shall# be paid to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and during the said term of two years, from and after the said tenth day of October one thousand eight hundred and four, any thing in this act or any other act or acts of parliament contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; and that, from and after the expiration of two years from and after the tenth day of October one thousand eight hundred and four, every such receipt or other discharge for or in respect of any legacy given or bequeathed by or derived from any person whatever, whether such persons mall have died previous to or since the twenty-seventh day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, shall be, and the same is hereby made subject and liable to the respective duties on receipts or other discharges f<* legacies mentioned, inserted, and set forth in the schedule marked, (A.) hereunto annexed,

words^o be

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every person or painted on persons who shall be duly licensed to keep any coach, berlio, Ian-stage-coaches. dau, chariot, diligence, calash, chaise-marine, chaise chair, or other carriage, with two or more wheels, by what name soever the same is or hereafter shall be called or known, to be employed as a publick stage coach or carriage for the purpose of conveying passengers forhire to and from different places in Great Britain, r shall, and he, she, or they, is and arc respectively directed and required to paint, or cause to be painted, on the outside of each door of each such carriage, or on some other conspicuous part thereof, in legible letters or characters, of at lead two inches in length, and in a different colour from the ground on which the same are painted, the words, 4i Licensed to carry not exceeding^four, fix, eight, ten, " or more passengers, as the licence obtained

for such carriages respectively shall specity or express; and if ar.y

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 98. 383

person or persons shall employ or make use of any such carriage Penalty of 10l.

as aforesaid for carrying passengers for hire to and from different j?r ne^c?»or

places in Great Britain, without having the said words painted on more^han*she

the outside of each door of such carriage, or in such other con* specifvdnum-

fpicuous part thereof, and in such manner as is herein-before di- her of persons.

reded, or shall at any time carry more inside passengers (children in lap excepted) than shall be specified or expressed in the licence

for using such carriage, and the words so painted on the outside of such doors or other conspicuous part of such carriage, every ptr-

ion so offending shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit and

kfe the sum of twenty pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every person who shall, Certain per-for or in expectation of any fee, gain, or reward, directly and in- J118 directly, draw or prepare any conveyance of, or deed relating to, ances^c^oa any real or personal elVate, or any proceedings in law or equity, penalty 0/50l. other than and except serjeants at law, barristers, solicitors, attornies, notaries, prohors, agents, or procurators, having obtained regular certificates, and special pleaders, draftsmen in equity, and conveyancers, being members of one of the four inns of court, and having taken out the certificates, mentioned in the said schedule to this act annexed, at the head office in London, of the commissioners for managing the duties on stamped vellum, parchment and paper, and other than and except persons foJeiy employed to engross any deed, instrument, or other proceedings not drawn or prepared by themselves and for their own account respectively, and other than and except publick officers drawing or preparing official instruments applicable to their respective offices, and in course of their duty, shall forfeit and pay for every such offence the sum of fifty pounds: Provided always, that no- Exceptions, thing herein-contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent any person or persons drawing or preparing any will or other testamentary papers, or any agreement not under seal, or any letter of attorney.

XV. And be it further enacted, That nothing contained in an Duty of $x. act passed in the twenty-fifth vear of the reign of his present Ma- warrant* jesty, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent any so- fui£u^Cmay iicitor, attorney, notary, proltor, agent, or procurator, charging be charged by in his bill or bills of fees, charges, or disbursements, the amount folidtori,

of the duty of five shillings by this act granted on warrants, mandates, authorities, minutes, or memorandums, given to commence, carry on, or defend, any suit or prosecution; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And whereas it may happen that Jlationtrs and other persons may, after the pajfsng of this act, haveftamps which have not been used % and which % from the alterations herein made, may not be applicable to the purposes for which they were originally intended; and it is exper dient that suchft actioners and other persons should be allowed to exchange

the same for other ft amps; be it therefore enacted, That it shall Stamps brand may be lawful to and for the commissioners for the duties 00 damped vellum, parchment, and paper, and they are hereby au- jlhangedwith-thorifod and required, at any time within twelve months after in \ % months.

the

I

384 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 98. [1804.

the passing of this act, to deliver to such persons as shall apply for the same, in exchange for stamps which by the alterations in this act made may have become ufeiefs or inapplicable to the purposes for which they were originally intended, such other stamps as the party or parties applying shall require, without regard to the value or amount of each stamp returned, so as the value or amount of the whole quantity of stamps to be delivered doth not exceed the actual value or amount of the whole quantity of stamps returned; any thing in this act or other act or acts of parliament) contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding. Coraraiflion-

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's damp-duties to ex-fooiled upon* change, in the manner and under the special circumstances men-fathfadory tioned in an act, made in the fifth year of the reign of his pre-

proof. sent Majesty, intituled An act for the altering the ft amp-duties vpa

aimiffton into corporations or companies, and for further sewing onI improving the stamp-duties in Great Britain, any stamps which shall have been spoiled, whether the instrument on which the stamp is or may be impressed shall have been executed or not, upon such proof on oath, 'or solemn affirmation in the case of the people called Quakers % to the satisfaction of the said of, as they shall requirej and, in order to prevent any fraudulent claims that may be made in respect of the allowance hereby granted, it shall also be lawful for the said of to make fitch rules and orders for regulating the methods, and limiting the times, for cancelling or allowing other (lamps on vellum, parchment, or paper, in lieu of such as have been by any means spoiled, damaged, or rendered unfit for use, and which have not been actually made use of for the purposes intended, as they shall find necessary and convenient for effectually securing the dudes under their management, and doing justice to the parties claim* ing the benefit of such indulgence.

No damn- A

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the P*ng of this act, no damp-duty whatever shall be chargeabe comnuffions or ch*rg*d* or payable or paid, for or in respect of any commit* in theyeo- fions granted to any officers of the yeomanry cavalry or voiuo-manry ca- teer infantry; any thing in any act of parliament to the contrary yalry, or vo- notwithstanding.

lrateer man-

XIX. And be it further enacted, That pothing in this act con-Act not to shall extend or be construed to extend, to charge with any

extend to cer- duty by this act imposed, any proceedings whatever with respect tain proceed- to any person or persons that shall be admitted to sue or defend ^8* in formd pauperis, nor any proceedings of any court-martial which

relate to any trial of any common soldier, nor any orders, decrees, or proceedings before any of of sewers, or in the court of (tanneries, nor any instruments, matters, or things which by virtue of the acts passed in his present Majesty's reign relating to the redemption or purchase of any land-tax, or any of them, are specially exempted from stamp-duties j any thing in this act, or any other act or acts of parliament^ contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 98. 385

XX. And be it further enacted, That no promiflorv note or No note pay. other note for the payment to the bearer on demand, or any sum hewer of money exceeding the sum of twenty pounds, save and except ° "r nothin promissory notes or other notes for the payment by or on ac-0l. (except count of the bank of Scotland or royal bank of Scotland) or the notes of the British linen company, to the bearer on demand, of the sum of one an£ hundred pounds, shall be re-issued on any pretence whatever j {^JJj or the but when and as soon as any such note for the payment of any British linen sum of money exceeding twenty pounds, save and except such company,) note for one hundred pounds as aforesaid, shall be paid by or shall hereunder the order or authority of the person or persons by whom

or on whose account the same was signed, or his, her, or their celied, on executors, ad mini ft ra tors, or assigns, or in pursuance of any di- penalty ofao/. region, nomination, or appointment for the payment thereof, contained or expressed in or upon any such note, the same shall be taken and construed to be thereupon wholly discharged, vacated, and satisfied, and shall be no longer negociable or transferable to any intent or purpose whatever, but shall be forthwith cancelled; and if any person or persons shall issue, utter, or negociate, or cause to be issued, uttered, or negociated, any such promissory note or other note after any such payment thereof aforesaid, or if any person or persons, by whom such payment as aforesaid shall be made, shall neglect or refuse to cancel the same, or cause the same to be cancelled, every such person or person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no promissory note or No note pay-other note for the payment of money to any amount whatever abI*to hearer to the bearer on demand, which may now by law be rcissued, and whicMhall* which shall bear date, or which shall have been issued before or bear date be-on the tenth day of October one thousand eight hundred and four, tore or on shall, on any pretence whatever, be reissued after the tenth day of IO* 1804» October one thousand eight hundred and five; but when and as soon a^'

as any such note shall, after the said tenth day of October one thou- o&. io, 1805,

sand eight hundred and five, be paid by or under the authority of but shall be

the person or persons by whom or on whose behalf or on whose ac- cancelled, on

count the same was signed, or his, her, or their executors, admi- ly 0

nistrators, or assigns, or in pursuance of any diregion, nomination,

or appointment for the payment thereof, contained or expressed in'

or upon any such note, the same shall be taken and construed to

be thereupon wholly discharged, vacated, and satisfied, and shall be no longer negociated or transferable to any intent or purpose

whatever, but shall be forthwith cancelled; and if any person or persons shall, after the said tenth day of Ofttber one thousand eight hundred and five, issue, utter, or negociate, or cause to be

issued, uttered, or negociated, any such promissory or other note

as aforesaid, after any such payment thereof as aforesaid, or if any person or persons by whom such payment as aforesaid shall be

made, shall neg!e& or retufe to cancel the same, or cause the same,

to be cancelled, every such person or persons so offending shall,

for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

Vol. XLV, C c XXII. And

tain iize.

&c.

Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 98. [1804.

XXII. And be it further ensued. That np new spa per, or paper containing publick news, intelligence, or occurrences, shall be printed in Great Britain, to be dispersed and made publick, on K ne fba paper exceeding thirty-two inches in length end twenty-two

thallbTpnnt- inches in breadth; nor shall the commissioners for managing his cd on paper Majesty's damp-duties mark or stamp, or cause or ftrffer to be above acer- marked or damped, with the damp for denoting the duty on newspapers, any paper of a larger size than thirty-two inches in length and twenty-two inches in breadth: any thing in any ati A or acts of parliament to the contrary in any wise not with ft and ing. 18*!execXXIII. And be it further ensded, That, from and after the tors/fre. of tenth day of October one thousand eight hundred and four, ail periods do executors* administrators, and nearest in kin, creditors or others, ceased in Scot- w^0 jntromit with or enter upon the possession or management

bitupon'oath a^ or any l^c Prr^ona^ or moveable estate or effects of any in the com- deceased person in Scotland, shall, on or before disposing of or roiflary court, distributing any part of such effects, or uplifting any debts doe to an inventory tjjC deceased, and at all events within six calendar months next estate and0*1 a^er having aflhmed such possession or management in whole or in effects of the part, and before any such person or persons shall be confirmed deceased, to executor or executors testamentary, or executor or executors be registered, dative, exhibit upon oath, in the proper consistoriai court called the Commissary Courts a full and complete inventory of such estate end effedb, either already recovered or known to be existing, distinguishing whether situated in Scotland or elsewhere, likewise any will or other writing relative to the disposal of such estate or effects, or any part of them, which the person or persons exhibiting such inventory may have access to* and the said inventory, together with the will or other writing, (if any such there be), shall be recorded in the books of the said court, without any other expence to the party than the ordinary fees of regiftiation, and without prejudice to the laws of Scotland, in other respects regarding total or partial confirmations, or the rules of succession " there established, and without prejudice or increase of the fees payable upon confirmations, which shall remain as they are at present j any thing herein to the contrary notwithstanding: 2nd in case at any period a discovery shall be made of other effects belonging to the deceased, which, on account of their not being Jcnown at the time, were omitted in the said original inventory, an additional inventory or inventories of the same shall, in like manner, be exhibited upon oath, and recorded by any person or persons intromitting with or assuming the management thereof; and in case any such person or persons shall neglect or refuse to exhibit any such original or additional inventory, or shall knowingly omit any part of any such estate and efifeds therein, every person so neglecting, or refuting, or omitting, (bail forfeit a Turn not exceeding double the valqe of the stamp duty payable according to the schedule (A.) hereunto annexed, upon the amount of such estate and effects of which any inventory ought to have been exhibited in the manner herein directed, or upon the sum lo omitted therein, nor less than one hundred pounds for each such

Penalty for neglect.

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 98. 387

neglect, refusal, or omission; to be recovered and applied in the same manner at any penalty may by this act be recovered and applied.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in any case where it Where indru-shall appear to the Commissioners of his Majesty's stamp-duties, upon oath or affirmation, to be made before any one or more of change'sic. the said of (which oath or affirmation he or they is have without or are hereby authorised to administer), or otherwise to their fa- fraudulent in-tisfaflion, that any instrument, matter, or thing whatsoever otUm

(except bills of exchange, promissory notes or other notes, drafts, proper lUrnpV, orders, or receipts, required by law to be ingrossed, printed, or the commis-written on stamped vellum, parchment, or paper), hath been in- Goners may gracted, printed, or written on vellum, parchment, or paper, not*"

duly damped with a (lamp of the value by this act required, either brought to be by accident or inadvertency, or from urgent necedhy or unavoid- duly stamped able circumstances, and without any wilful delay or intention in within twelve any party or parties thereto, to evade the duties by this act im-

poled, or to defraud his Majesty thereof, and such instrument, and may matter, and thing, shall be brought to the said of to stamp receipts be stamped within twelve months after the making or execution as now1* thereof, it shall be lawful for such of of his Majesty's lowed*

stamp-duties to remit the penalty payable on stamping such in-liniment, matter, or thing, or any part thereof, as they shall deem expedient; and every person concerned in ehgrofiing, printing, or writing any such instrument, matter, or thing, or in making or executing the same, shall be, and he or (be is hereby freed, dif- 1

charged, and indemnified from all further penalties or forfeitures, '

than such penalties or forfeitures, or such parts thereof, as shall \

not be remitted by order of the said of of his Majesty's damp-duties: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent the said of from damping any receipts allowed to be stamped, after the same shall have been written and signed, under such and the like circumstances, restrictions, and regulations, as such receipts may now be da/nped: provided also, that it shall be lawful for the said of, and they are hereby authorised to make all such payments and allowances as are by any act or acts now in force, in relation to the duties on vellum, parchment, or paper, or any of those heretofore directed to be made, paid, and allowed by the said of, and are not by this act, or the schedule hereto annexed, varied, altered, or expressly repealed; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That so much of an act passed in the thirty-seventh year of his prevnt M^cfty's reign, c an^'3* intituled, Anafl for granting to his Majesty certain on,

the several matters therein mentioned, and for better securing the duties on certificates to be taken out by soliciter, attornies, and others

praflijing in certain courts of justice in Great Britain, as directs that, in respect of each and every copyhold tenement of the value of twenty shillings per annum or upwards, mentioned in any surrender, admittance, or copy of court roll of any honour or*Cca manor,

388 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 98. [1804.

manor, and each and every custom-right or tenant-right tenement, not being copyhold (of the value before mentioned), in any surrender, admittance, or instrument of admittance, whereupon a several fine shall be due and payable to the lord or lady of any honour or manor, or a several fee shall be demanded or received by any steward or deputy Reward of such honour or manor, a distinct and several Ramp-duty shall be charged according to the amount of all the duties imposed thereon by the said act, or any former act or acts in force on or immediately before the passing of the said act $ and also so much of the said act 'as imposes a penalty upon any steward or other officer of any copyhold court, or of any customary or tenant-right court, for demanding, taking, or receiving any such fine or fee as aforesaid, without, at the same time, demanding and receiving the stamp duty in respect of each several and distinct tenement as aforesaid; and also so much of another ad, passed in the thirty-eighth year jS Geo. v of his said Majesty's reign, intituled An act for explaining and €.85* repealed, amending certain alls relating to the samp-duties, and for extending the rates and duties of stamps now payable on vellum, parchment, and fapery to all other materials, as relates to the stamp-duties charged in respect of any surrender, admittance, copy of court roll, or instrument of admittance of or to any copyhold tenement, or any customary or tenant-right estate, and as imposes any penalties upon any steward or officer of any copyhold court, or customary or tenant-right court, in relation to such duties, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all the monies arising by the duties by this act imposed shall, from time to time, be paid nCTaVof stamp- into the hands of the receiver-general for the time being of the duties, and duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who shall pay bT him into the same (the necessary charges of raising, paying, and accounting querfand" ^or ^ame9 being first deducted) into the receipt of the exche-carried to the quer, at such time and in such manner as the former duties consolidated charged on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, were directed to be paid; and the said money, so paid into the said receipt, shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund of Great Britain; and that, at the end of every quarter of a year after the said tenth day of October one thousand eight hundred and four, that is to say, on the fifth day of January, the fifth day of Aprils the fifth day of July, and the tenrh day of Ofhbery in every year, there shall be set apart at the said receipt, out of the monies arising by the duties by this act granted, a sum of seven hundred sixty-nine thousand three hundred sixty-five pounds nineteen shillings and sixpence, being one-fourth part of the sum of three millions fevertty-seven thousand four hundred sixty-three pounds and eighteen shillings, the average yearly produce of two years, ending the fifth day of January one thousand eight hundred and four, of the duties which are by this act repealed; and that, after setting apart such quarterly sums as aforesaid, the remainder of the monies arising by the duties by this act granted, shall be deemed an addition maoe to the revenue for the purpose

Duties to be paid to the receive r-gc-

fund*

dication

uties.

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 98. 389

of defraying the increased charge occasioned by any loan made or stock created or to be created by virtue of any act or acts passed or to be passed in this session of parliament; and, during the space of ten years next ensuing, there shall be provided and kept, in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, a book or books, in which all the surplus monies arising from the said rates or duties, and paid into the said receipt, shall be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, on any account whatever.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all fines, penalties, Recoveryrd and forfeitures imposed or created by this act, except where other-Ppl|c*tion w.fe expressly dircded, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such ways, means, or methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law or laws in force on or before the tenth day of October one thousand eight hundrednd four, for securing and improving his Majesty's stamp-duties, or by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland respectively; and from and after the passing of this act, all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, heretofore imposed or granted by any act or acts relating to the duties on vellum, parchment, or paper, or this act, shall go and be applied to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, any thing in any act or acts to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the commissioners for managing the stamp-duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, in 1

every case in which any part of any such fine, penalty* or forfei* ture, was by any such act or acts given to any informer, to give such part of any such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, or any proportion thereof, as the said of shall deem expedient, to any person who may inform for or discover any offence, in respect of which any such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, may be discovered, or assist in the recovery thereof,

39or Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 98. [1804.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

Schedule (A.) STAMP-DUTIES.

Name and Description of the Inftt uroent. Article, or Thing* on which the Duty attaches. England. Scotland.

ARTICLES or Contract whereby anr person dull become bound to serve as a Clerk in order to his admission as a Solicitor or Attorney in pursuance of the'laws now in force in any of £'d- £ S-

his Majesty's courts at Westminster - Articles or Contract whereby any person shall become bound to serve as a Clerk, in order to his Admission as a Solicitor or Attorney in any of the courts of great sessions in Wales, of in the counties-palatine of Chester, Lancaster, or Durham, or in any court of record in England* holdingpleas, where the debt or damage shall amount to forty shillings or upwards, not being no —

in any of his Majesty's courts at Westminster Alignment of such articles or contrail, or new articles or contrail for the residue of a term, 55 — "

occasioned by the death of any former master Admittance of or Instrument for admitting any Attorney, Clerk, Advocate, ProSor, or other Officer in any court whatsoever in England - SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS, Annual Officer in any corporation or inferior court, whose office is under the value of .£.10 per annum in salaries, fees, or other perquisites. Person actually and legally sworn, ad. mitted, and enrolled to be an Attorney In the courtrof King's-bench, common pleas, exchequer, counties palatine of Chester, Lancaster, Durham, or great 1 10 —

20 1

k

SCHEDULE (A.) — continued.

Nunc and Description of the Instrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.

England.

_____J____

Scotland.

sessions in Wales, not chargeable with any stamp duty on his admittance as Solicitor in any court or courts of equity.

Person actually and legally sworn, admitted, and inrftlled to be a Solicitor in any court of equity not chargeable with any damp-duty on his admittance as Solicitor in any other court of equity.

Person actually and legally sworn, admitted, and inrolled as Solicitor in any of his Majesty's courts of equity at Westminster, not chargeable with any stamp-du; y on his admittance as attorney of the court of King's-bench or common pleas at Westminster. Certificate to be taken out by every Solicitor, Attorney, Notary, Proctor, Agent, or Procurator, previous to his commencing or defending any suit or prosecution, of his admission, inrolment, or register in any of his Majesty's courts at Westminster, or in any ecclesiastical court, or in any of the courts of admiralty, or in any of his Majesty's courts in Scotland, the great sessions in Wales, or in any courts in the counties palatine, or in any other court in Great Britain holding pleas, where the debt or damage doth amount to forty shillings or more j who shall reside in any of the inns of court, or in the cities of London or Westminster, or within the limits of the two-penny pod, or within the city and shire of Edinburgh, if he has not been admitted three years — yearly -

If he hjis been admitted three years or more — yearly -

Certificate to be in like manner taken out by every Solicitor, Attorney, Notary, Pro£or, Agent, or Procurator, who shall reside in any other part of Great Britain out of the limits above mentioned, if he has not been admitted three years — yearly If be has been admitted three years or more-yearly -

i.

t. d.

5 - — *'

10

3

6

39. Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 98. [1804.

SCHEDULE (A.) — continued.

Name and Description of the Instrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty nttachej.

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

England. Scotland.

£>*& L- < '

Every Officer or Clerk of any of the said courts who is now, or at any time shall be charged with the payment of land-tax in respect of his office or appointment in such court for or by reason of his being employed in the condutf, care, or management of any action, suit, prosecution, or other proceeding therein relating to or concerning the business of his office or appointment only; and wherein such officer or clerk shall not be also retained or employed by the party or parties to such action, suit, prosecution, or other proceeding, or by any Solicitor, Attorney, Notary, Proctor, Agent, or Procurator, for or in expectation of any fee or reward over y and above the fee or reward therefore due and payable to such officer or clerk in respect of his office or appointment in such court.

Certificate to be taken out by every Special Pleader, Draftsman in any court of equity, Conveyaneer, and every other person who, for or in expectation of any fee, gain, or reward, shall draw or prepare any conveyance of or deed relating to any real or personal estate, or any proceedings in law or equity; and residing in the city of London or Westminster, or within the limits of the two-penny post, or city or shire of Edinburgh — yearly -

Certificate to be taken out by every Special Pleader, Draftsman in any court of equity. Conveyaneer, and every other person, who, for or in expectation of any fee, gain, or reward, shall draw or prepare any conveyance of or deed relating to any real or personal estate, or any proceedings in law or equity, and residing in any part of Great Britain other than the city of London or Westminster, or within the limits of the two-penny post, or city or shire of Edinburgh — ^yearly -

6---

10 —

6---

SCHEDULE (A.) — continued.

Name and Description of the Instrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

England.

£. s. d.

Scotland.

i. <L

Serjeants at Law.

Barristers.

Solicitors or Attornies, Notaries, Proctors, Agents, or Procurators, having obtained regular certificates.

Persons solely employed to ingross or copy any deed, instrument, or other proceedings not drawn or prepared by themselves and for their own account respectively.

Publick Officers drawing or preparing official instruments applicable to their respective offices and in the course of their duty.

Persons preparing or drawing agreements under hand only, or wills.

Warrant, Mandate, Authority, Minute, or Memorandum given to any solicitor, attorney, notary, proctor, agent, or procurator, in Great Britain, to commence, carry on, or defend any suit or prosecution in any of his Majesty's courts at Westminster, or in any ecclesiastical court, or in any of the courts of admiralty or cinque ports, or in any of his Majesty's courts in Scotland, the great sessions in Wales, or in any courts in the counties palatine, or in any other court holding pleas, where the debt or damage shall amount to forty shillings or more

"5 —

S —

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

Warrant, Mandate, or Authority, to sue or defend, or any Memorandum or Minute thereof to be entered or filed of record in any action, suit, prosecution, or other proceeding to be had, commenced, prosecuted, or defended in any inferior court, wherein the debt or damage claimed or demanded shall not amount to forty shillings.

Warrant, Authority, or any other Document, for or in respect of any pro* feedings commenced, carried on, pro-

SCHEDULE (A.) — continued.

Marne and Description of the instrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.

fccuted or defended in any of the courts aforesaid, upon any indictment whatsoever, or upon any information, salt, writ, or process in the name of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or at the instance of his Majesty's attorney-general, his Majesty's advocate of Scotland, or any other officer or officers legally authorised to prosecute in his Majesty's name, or to sue for his Majesty's interest; but these exemptions not to extend to of include informations in the nature of quo warranto filed by his Majesty's coroner and attorney in the court of King's bench; nor to informations in any courts of equity at the relation of private persons; nor to informations wherein any person or persons other than his Majesty, his heirs or successors, shall be entitled to any penalty or forfeiturS, or any part thereof.

Writ, Mandate, or other Process whatsoever that shall issue out of or pass the seals'of any of the courts at Westminster, courts of the great sessions in Wales, courts in the counties palatine, or any other court whatsoever, holding pleas where the debt or damage doth amount to forty Shillings or above, or the thing in demand is of that value -

SPECIAL EXEMPTION.

Original Writ on which a writ of capias issues.

Bail Special or Bail Common to be filed in any court of law whatsoever -

Bail Bond -

Vtdf Bail Bond or Recognizance in Courts of Admiralty.

Alignment of Bail Bond -

Recognizance, whether entered of record in any court or office or not -

SPECIAL EXEMPTION.

Recognizance taken before any justice or justices of the peace.

England.

- 5 -

- 2

- 2

- 26

1 -

Scotland.

I. J- L

tame and Description of the Instrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches*

\p pear a nee made in any a£Hon wherein no bail shall be filed or put in -

Declaration, Plea, Replication, or any other pleadings whatsoever in any court of law ^opy of any Declaration, Plea, Replication, or any other pleadings whatsoever, in any court of law And for every sheet or piece of paper of which any such declaration, plea, replica* lion, or other pleadings, or any copy thereof shall consist, copied and computed as heretofore* over and above the first sheet fb copied and computed -

Record of Nisi Prius -

Postea -

Judgement, any whatsoever, which shall be signed by the master of any office, or his deputy or secondary, or by any prothonotary or his fe-condary, deputy, or cleric, or any other officer belonging to any of the courts at Westminster, who have power, or usually doth or mall sign judgements -[nquisition taken by or before any sheriff of a county or his deputy

Writ of Error -.

Writ of Certiorari -

Entry of Action in the mayor's and sheriffs courts of London, and in courts of all corporations, and other courts whatsoever holding pleas, out of which no writ, process, or mandate shall issue, whefc the debt or damage doth amount to forty shillings or above ... Affidavit to be made use of in any court of law or equity at Westminster, or in any cours of great sessions for the counties in Wales, or in the courts of the counties palatine of Chester, Lancaster, or Durham Office-Copy of any futh affidavit, as last above-mentioned.

Vtdi also Affidavit to be uftd in ecclesiastical courts or admiralty courts

Affidavit not to be used in any court of law or equity SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

Affidavits taken before any justice or justices of the peace, Or before the com-)

England*

C s. d.

- 26

- 4

--4

- 10 —

- io —

Scotland.

d*

- IO —

- IO —

- 26

- 26

- 26

- 2 —

SCHEDULE (A.) — continued.

Name i nd Description of the Instrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches. England. Scotland.

missioners or officers of any publick board of revenue, or before of appointed or to be appointed by any act of parliament, and authorised to take affidavits. Bill, Answer, Plea, Replication, or any other pleading whatsoever in the courts of chancery, exchequer, duchy court, and county palatine £ i* d. £., i.

courts, or other courts of equity f Office-Copy of any bill, answer, plea, replication, or other pleadings whatsoever, in any such — 5 —

court of equity - - And for every folio, calculated at ninety words, of which any such copy as last above mentioned shall consist, over and above the first: folio so calculated, a fur- — 4

ther duty of Interrogatories in the courts of chancery, exchequer, duchy court, and county jpalatine courts, or — 4

other courts of equity - Depositions taken by Commission in the courts of - 5 -

chancery, exchequer, duchy court, or county

palatine courts or other courts of equity - - SPECIAL EXEMPTION. Paper Drafts of Depositions in any court of equity taken by virtue of any com-sniffion before they are engrossed. Deposition taken (not by Commission) in the court — 5 —

of chancery, or any other court of equity Office-Copy of any Interrogatories, or of depositions taken, whether by commission or not, in any — 4

such court of equity - And for every folio, calculated at ninety words each, of whUh any such copy of bill, answer, plea, replication, or other pleadings whatsoever, or interrogatories or depositions, shall consist, over and above 4

the first folio so calculated, a further duty of Rule made in any of the courts of law or equity at 4

Westminster Order made or given in any of the courts of law — 26

or equity at Westminster Summons or any Judge of any of the courts at — 26

Westfunfter... — I —

SCHEDULE (A.) — continrued.

Ume and Description of the Instrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.

)rder made or given by any Judge of any of the courts at Wedminder.

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

Summons of any Judge for any particulars of plaintiffs demand, or for any stay of proceedings on payment of debt and costs, or for further time to plead, reply, or rejoin, or on the application of any prisoner or insolvent debtor.

Order made or given by any judge on any such summons as lad above mentioned.

Office-Copy of any rule made or order given in any of the courts of law or equity at Wed-minder, or by any judge of any of the courts at Wedminder -

3ffice-Copy of any record or proceeding (not being a rule made, or order made or given), in any of the courts of law or equity at Wedminder And for each and every skin of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, of which such copy shall consist, over and above the first such (kin, sheet, or piece, copied and computed as aforesaid, a further duty of -

decree made by or in the court of chancery or exchequer at Wedminder, of great sessions in Wales, or court of the county palatine or duchy of Lancader, or courts of the counties palatine of Cheder, or Durham -

Dismission made by or in the court of chancery or exchequer at Wedminder, of great sessions in Wales, or court of the county palatine or duchy of Lancader, or courts of the counties palatine of Cheder or Durham

And for each and every skin of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, copied and computed as heretofore, of which any such decree or dismission shall confid, over and above the first such skin, sheet, or piece, a further duty of -

Libel in any ecclesiastical court Allegation in any ecclesiastical court Depofidon in any ecclesiastical court

England.

£ d-

- 2 6

- 26

- 2 —

- 16

- 16

Scotland.

£. t. d.

1 6 5 — 5 — 5 "

Nameaud Ekscription of the Instrument* Article, or Thing, " on which the Duty attaches.

Copy of Libel* Allegation* or Drposition in any ecclesiastical court .*

And for every (beet* copied and computed as heretofore* of which any fadi copy shall consist, over above the fir(h (beet so copied and computed* a further duty of Monition or Citation made by or issued out of any ecclesiastical court Office-Copy of any such monition or citation made by or issued out of any ecclesiastical court Answer in any ecclesiastical court Sentence in any ecclesiastical court Final Decree in any ecclesiastical court'

Copy of any sentence or final decree, or answer in any ecclesiastical court -

And for every flicet copied and computed as heretofore, of which any such copy shall consist* over and above the first sheet so copied and computed* a further duty of Commission issuing out of any ecclesiastical court Inventory exhibited in any ecclesiastical court Copy of any inventory exhibited in any ecclesiastical court -

And for every sheet copied and computed as heretofore, of which any such copy (han consist* over and above the first (beet so copied and computed* a further duty of Certificate or Testimonial of having taken or received the Holy Sacrament Licence for Marriage -

Certificate of Marriage

SPECIAL EXEMPTION.

England.

s. d.

5 -

4

5

- 5 — - 5 —

- 5 -

- 5

- 5"

- 4 — - 5 — - 5 —

- 5 —

4 -

5 -10 —

5 -

Scotland

£. t. I

Certificate of the marriage of any common seamen, marine, or soldier. Dispensation to hold Two Ecclesiastical Dignities or Benefices* or both a Dignity and a Benefice* where neither of the livings is above ten pounds value in the King's Books Where either is above ten pounds Any other dispensation from the lord arch-bishop of Canterbury or the matter of the faculties for the time being Faculty* from the lord archbishop of Canterbury or the matter of the faculties for the time being

20---

30---

30---

30---

SCHEDULE (A.) — continued. _ m

Same and Description of the Instrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches. England. Scotland.

Matriculation in either of the two Universities in £ s. d.

England - -legifter or Entry of any Degree taken in either of the two Universities in England, other than — 10 —

the degree of Bachelor of Arts Certificate or Testimoniai of any degree taken in either of the two Universities in England, 6 -

other than the degree of Bachelor of Arts.legifter or Entry of the degree of Bachelor of Arts taken in either of the two Universities in IO —

England - Certificate or Testimoniai of the degree of Bachelor of Arts taken in either of the two Universities 3 1

in England Vefentation or Donation of or to any benefice, dignity, or spiritual or ecclesiastical promotion whatsoever, which shall be of the yearly value 3

of ten pounds, or above, in the King's Books Vefentation or Donation of or to any benefice, dignity, or spiritual or ecclesiastical promotion whatsoever, under the yearly value of ten 20 -

pounds in the King's Books Jollation which shall be made by any aichbishopor other bishop of or to any benefice, dignity, or spiritual or ecclesiastical promotion whatsoever, which shall be of the yearly value of ten pounds, or above, in the King's Books lollation which shall be made by any archbishop or other bishop of or to any benefice, dignity, or spiritual or ecclesiastical promotion whatsoever, under the yearly value of ten pounds in the JO -

20

King's Books - uftitution or Licence which shall pass the seal of any archbishop or bishop, chancellor, or other ordinary, or of any ecclesiastical court what- 10

soever, in England - SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS, Licence appointing any Stipendiary Curate, in which the annual amount of the stipend shall be inserted, that shall pass the seal of any archbishop or bishop, chancellor or other ordinary, or of any ecclesiastical court whatever, in England, Licence for Non-residence of Clergymen 2

400 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 98. [1804.

SCHEDULE (A.)' — continued. '

Name and Description of the Instrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches. England. Scotland.

granted under the act of the 43 Geo. 3. cap. 84. £. s. d. £. s. i

Copy of or Extract from any Will And fofr every copy-sheet, calculated at ninety words each, of which any such copy of or extra# from any will, shall consist, over and above the first: copy-

(beet so calculated, a further duty of Attested Copy of a Probate of any Will, or Letters I -

of Administration - And for every ten common law sheets, (calculated at ninety words to each (beet), of which any such copy flihll consist over

and above twenty such common law (heets.

a further duty of Appeal from any court of admiralty, court of arches, I —

or the prerogative court of Canterbury or

York Libel or Allegation in the courts of admiralty or5 10 —

cinque ports - — 5 — — 4 —

Inventory in the courts of admiralty or cinque ports — 5 — — 4 —

Deposition in the courts of admiralty or cinque ports Copy t>f any libel, allegation, deposition, or inven- — 5 - — 4

tory, in the courts of admiralty or cinque ports " 5 " — 4 —

And for every sheet copied and computet as heretofore, of which any such copy shall consist, over and above the first sheet so

copied and computed, a further duty of Bail-Bond or Recognizance taken in the courts ol admiralty, or cinque ports holding admiralty — 4 - - 3-

jurisdiction - Vide Bail-Bonds in general Affidavit in any ecclesiastical court, or courts ol: -19-

admiralty or cinque ports ... Vide Affidavit in general. Vide also Affidavit to be ttfed in courts of law. Copy of any affidavit in any ecclesiastical court, or - 5 " — 4n

courts of admiralty or cinque ports - — 5 — - 4-1

And for every meet copied and computed as heretofore, cf which any such copy shall consist, over and above the first sheet so

copied and computed, a further duty of Warrant by, or issued out of any court of admiralty — 4 - - 3

or the cinque ports ... — 15 - — lo1

Name and Description of th* Instrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attache*

England*

Scotland*

Citation or Monition in any court of admiralty or the cinque port9* '*-

Answer in any court of admiralty or the cinque ports -

Interlocutory Decree having the force and effect of a definitive sentence, in any court of admiralty or the cinque ports -

Copy of any such warrant, citation, monition, answer, or interlocutory decree, in any court of admiralty or the cinque ports -

And for every sheet copied and computed as heretofore, of which any such copy shall consist, over and above the first sheet so copied and computed, a Further duty of Sentence in the courts of admiralty, or the cinque ports exercising admiralty jurisdiction Attachment made out of any of the courts of admiralty, or cinque ports exercising admiralty, jurisdiction -

Relaxation of any Attachment made out of any of the courts of admiralty, or cinque ports exercising admiralty jurisdiction*-

Writ of Appeal -

Letters of Mart or Marque and Reprisal Deed or other Instrument of Conveyance, Surrender, Lease, Release, Grant, Appointment, Confirmation, Assignment, Transfer, Covenant, or any other Deed or any obligatory instrument whatever (not otherwise charged in this schedule}, which may or shall be inrolfed or registered, or not, upon any number of words not amounting to thirty Common law sheet* (calculated at seventy-two words to each sheet), of which any such deed or instrument, as above-mtentioned, together with every schedule, receipt, instrument, or other matter, ' put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall consist -

And for every entire quantity of fifteen common law (beets (calculated at seventy-two. words to each sheet), of which any such deed, or other instrument aforesaid, together with every schedule, instrument, or other matter, not being a receipt for mdney, put or indorsed thereon, or Vot, XLV. D fi

£. s. d.

- 5 —

1 10 —

X 10 —

1 ro —

2 -

I 10-

£. s.

- IS —

- 5 -

- 4 —

1 —

19 —

SCHEDULE (A.) — continued.

Name and Description of the In tollmen t, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches#

anftexed thereto* (halt consist, over and above the fuft fifteen such common law (beets, a further duty of

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

England.

iC*i

I -

Scotland.

- 19-

Commissions granted to Officers of Yeomanry Cavalry or Volunteer Infantry. Lease of waste or uncultivated land to any poor or labouring man for any term not exceeding three lives or ninety-nine years, when the fine shall not exceed nve shillings, and the reserved rent one guinea per annum.

Policy of Assurance or Insurance, and any writing commonly so called for infilling any events or contingencies relative to a life or lives.

Copy, purporting to be a two copy, or anefted to be a true copy, of any such deed or other instrument last above-mentioned, including every such schedule, receipt, instrument, or other matter, or any part thereof, made or to be made for the security or life of any person or persons being a party or parties to the same deed, or other instrument, and not having the custody of the original deed, or other instrument, or of any counterpart or duplicate thereof, or where such copy shall be made in lieu of such original deed, or other instrument, upon any number of words not amounting to twenty common law (heets (calculated at seventy*two words to each sheet), of which such copy shall consist

And for every entire quantity of ten common law (heets (calculated at seventy-two words to each sheet), of which any such copy shall consist, over and above the first tery such common law (heets, a further duty of

Copy, purporting to be a. true copy, of any such deed or other instrument, including every such scheduta, receipt, instrument, or other matter* or any part thereof, for the security or use of any person or perfopt other than any or either of the parties to the same deed or other instru-

- 10 H

- 10-

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 98. 403

SCHEDULE (A.) — continued.

Name and Description of the Instrument* Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches* England. Scotland.

ment not having the custody of such original deed or other instrument, or any duplicate or part thereof, or where such copy shall not be made in lieu of any such original deed or other instrument, upon any number of words not amounting to twenty common law (beets (calculated at seventy-two words to each &'d.

tiieet), of which any such copy shall consist And for every entire quantity of ten common law sheets (calculated at seventytwo words to each (beet), of which any such copy shall consist, over and above the first ten such common law (beets* a fur- — t —

ther duty of Certificate of Commissioners used upon the sale or alienation of fee-farm or other rents of woods, forests, ot lands belonging to the Crown, where the consideration tnoney shall exceed

£.10*'* -SPECIAL EXEMPTION. Certificates of such of, where the consideration money shall not exceed £. 10. Surrender of Copyhold Land or Tenement, or lands or tenements in England, under the I 16 — t 9

value of twenty shillings per annum*SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS. Original Surrender to the use of a will. Court-Roll or Court-Book wherein the proceedings of the court are entered or intolledt Surrender of any Copyhold Land dr Tenement, or lands or tenements in England* above the"$ - Mm

Value of twenty shillings per annum SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS. Original Surrender to the use of a will. Court-Roll or Book wherein the proceedings of the court are entered or inrolled. Admittance to any Copyhold Land or Tenement* or lands or tenements in England, under the - i$ — Mm

value of twenty shillings per annum Admittance to any Copyhold Land or Tenement, — 5 -

Dm

SCHEDULE (A.) — continued.

Name and Description of the Instrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches. England. Scotland.

or lands or tenements in England, above the £. s d. £. j. d.

value of twenty shillings per annum Copy of any Surrender of and admittance to any custom-right or tenant-right estate, 'not exceeding the clear yearly value of twenty shillings, and not being copyhpld, which shall pass by surrender and admittance or by admittance only, and which shall hot pass by deed, in — 15 -

' England Copy of any Surrender of or admittance to custom-right or tenant-right estate, exceeding the clear yearly value of twenty shillings, and not being copyhold, which shall pass by surrender and admittance, or by admittance only, and — s —

which shall not pass by deed, in England.Grant or Lease by Copy of Court-Roll of any honour or manor in England, of any land or tenement under the value of twenty shillings — »5 —

per annum Grant or Lease by Copy of Court-Roll of any honour or manor in England, of any land or tenement above the value of twenty shillings — 5 -

per annum - Copy of the Court-Roll of any honour or manor in England, in relation to any land or tenement — 15 —

under the value of twenty millings per annum Copy* of the Court-Roll of any honour or manor in England, in relation to any land or tenement — 5 -

above the value of twenty shillings per annum Deed or other instrument by way of mortgage, or instrument, or covenant to surrender, or copy of court-roll, or conditional surrender by way of mortgage, for the security of any (iim of money lent on any property whatsoever, whether real or personal, and of whatever tenure — 15 —

or description, not exceeding £, ioo - I 10 -

exceeding £, ioo, and not exceeding ? 300 - 2 -

exceeding ?. 300, and not exceeding?, 509 - 3 -

exceeding?. 500, and not exceeding £. 1,000 4 —

exceeding 1,000, and not exceeding /. 2, 000 5 —

exceeding ?. 2, 000, and not exceeding /. 3*000 6 —

exceeding ?. 3, 020, and not exceeding ?. 4, 000 7 -

exceeding^4, 000, and not exceeding?. 5*000 8: J

exceeding 5, 000, and not exceeding £ 10, cco IQ - 1

SCHEDULE (A.) — continued.

Name and Description of the Instrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attachts.

exceeding/. io, coo, and not exceeding* 15, 000 exceeding £.5>oooo, and not exceeding £. 20, 000 exceeding£. 20, 000 -

The laid several and respective duties on such last-roentioned deeds or other instruments (other than and except any instrument, covenant, or copy relating to copyhold lands or tenements) to be payable and paid for and in respect of any number of words therein, not amounting to thirty common law (beets (calculated at seventy-two words to each (beet), ' of which any such deed or other instrument, together with every schedule, receipt, instrument, or other matter put or indorsed thereon or annexed thereto, shall consist.

And for every entire quantity of fifteen common law (beets (calculated at seventy-two words to each (beet), of which any such ]aft-roentioned deed or other instrument, together with every schedule, re* Ceipr, instrument, or other matter put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall consist (over and above the first fifteen such common law (beets), a further duty of - -'

Bond, commonly called Mongage Bond, or bond given as a collateral security, for or in respect of any mortgage -

Deedorotherinstrument, or Transfer, or Assignment of any mortgage for the security of any sum of money lent on any property whatsoever, where the mortgagor or his real or personal representatives or assigns are not made parties to the transfer or 'assignment, for any number of words therein, not amounting to thirty common law (heets (calculated at Teventy-two words to each (beet), of which any such deed or other instrument as last mentioned shall consist*-

And for every entire quantity of fifteen common law meets, calculated at seventy-two words to each {heet, of which any such deed or other instrument last above-mentioned, together with every schedule*

England.

Scotland.

£ '

£. d.

12-----

is-----

20-----

SCHEDULE (A.) — continued. I

Name and Description of the Instrument, Article, or Thing, 1 on which the Duty attaches. England. 1 Scotiind.

instrument, or other matter not being a receipt for money, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall consist (over and £*d. I i£. t. 1

above the first fifteen such common law (heets), a further duty of Writ of Covenant for levying any fine Writ of Entry for fu fieri ng a common recovery Exemplification of what nature soever, that shall pass the seal of any court whatsoever Award under hand and seal, or under hand only, made it) England, and whether the same shall or shall not be inrolled of record in or made a rule of any court, upon any number of words therein, not amounting to thirty common law (beets, calculated at seventy-two words to each (beet, of Which any such award shall consist -

And for every entire quantity of fifteen common law (heets (calculated at seventy-two words to each sheet), of which any such award, together with any schedule, receipt, inftrquent, or other piatter put qr indorsed thereon or annexed thereto, (halt consist (over and above the first fifteen common law (heets), a further duty of*farter-party, Memorandum for Charter of any other instrument, note, letter, or other minu-ment or writing, between the captain, tnafter, or owner of any ship or vessel and any merchant, trader, or other person, in respect to the freight or conveyance of any money, goods, Wares, merchandize, or effects, laden or to be laden on board any such ship or vessel, upon any number of words therein, not amounting to thirty common law (heets (calculated at seventyrtwa words tQ each sheet), of which the same shall consist -

And for every entire quantity of fifteen common' law (heets (calculated at seventy two words to each sheet), of which any such charter-party, memorandum for charter, or any other instrument, note, letter, or other minument or wri-p'n& l*ft above-mentioned, together with

1 -v —

a -

2 —

3 ---1

x 10 — I -

x xo

SCHEDULE (A.) — continued.

Name and Description of the instrument, Article* or Thing, on which the Duty attaches. England. Scotland.

any schedule, receipt, instrument, or other matter put or indorsed therein, or annexed thereto, shall consist (over and above the first fifteen common law (beets), a further duty of -.< L* s — 19 —

Lease of Lands or Tenements for a term not exceeding twenty-one years, when the full improved annual value thereof, and rent refer ved thereby, shall not be more than ten pounds, or lease for a life or lives, or for years determinable on a life or lives, where the fine or consideration shall not exceed twenty pounds, and the reserved rent shall not exceed forty shillings, upon any number of words not amounting to thirty common law (heets (calculated at seventy-two words to each (beet), of which any such lease shall consist

And for every entire quantity of fifteen common law (heets (calculated at seventy-two words to each (hecr), of which any such lease, together with every schedule, receipt, inftnunem* or other matter put or indorsed thereon or annexed thereto, a shall consist (over and above the first fifteen common law (heets), a further duty of '

Agreement made in England under hand only, where the matter thereof shall be of the value of £, TO or upwards, whether the same shall be only the evidence of a contract, or obligatory upon the parties from its being a written instrument, upon any number of words, not amounting to thirty common law (heets (calculated at fcuenty-two words to each Quest), of which any such agreement shall consist — l6 —

And for every entire quantity of fifteen common law (heets (calculated at seventy-two words to each (beet), of which any such agreement, together with every schedule, receipt, instrument, or other matter put or indorsed thereon or annexed thereto, shall consist, over and above the first fifteen common law (heets, a further duty of*1 — 16 -

SCHEDULE (A.) — continued.

Name and Description of the Instrumens, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

Label, Slip, or Memorandum, containing the heads of infufances to be made by the corporations of the Royal Exchange assurance or London assurance, or the corporations of the Royal Exchange ?(Turance of houses and goods from fire, and London assurances of houses and goods from fire.

Memorandum or Agreement for any lease at rack rent of any messuage under the yearly value of five pounds.

Memorandum or Agreement for the hire of any labourer, artificer, manufacturer, or menial servant.

Memorandum, Letter, or Agreement, made for or relating to the file of any goods, wares, or merchandize.

Memorandum or Agreement made be* tween matter and mariners of any coatting vessel for wages.

Letter or Letters, containing an agreement in respect of any merchandize, or evidence of such an agreement which shall pass by the post between merchants and other persons carrying on trade or commerce, and residing and actually being, at the time of fending such letters, at the dittance of fifty miles from each other.

- Vide Deed, Indenture, Wr.

Memorial for the Register of Deeds or other instruments in the register office of register counties in England -

Copy of or extract from any register kept in any register office of any register county in England Memorial for registeripg any original deed or other instrument, by which any annuity shall be granted -

Bond of any kind whatsoever (not otherwise charged in this schedule, or wholly exempted from duty), upon any number of words not amounting to thirty common law sheets (calculated at seventy-two words to each sheet). Of which any such bond shall consist -

England. Scotland. Sm d»

Name and Description of the Inltrume nt, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.

And for every entire quantity of fifteen common law sheets (calculated at seventy-two words to each sheet), of which any such bond, together with every schedule, receipt, instrument, or other matter put or iitdorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall consist, over and above the first fifteen common law (beets, a further duty of -

EXEMPTIONS FROM ALL STAMP. DUTIES.

A durance Corporation Bonds.

Bond by treasurers or trustees of friendly societies to the clerks of the peace. Administration Bond of the widow, children, father* mother, brother, or fitter of any common seaman, soldier^ or marine, who shall be (lain or die in the service of his Majesty, his heirs or successors.

Administration Bond of any person where the |ettaie administered to shall not exceed the value of £. 20.

Bond, given, taken, or entered into, under the audkority of any act or a£i$ of parliament made or to be made for or in respect of the duties and revenues of customs or excise, or of any matter or thing relating to those duties or revenues -

England. Scotland.

I. d* J. dm

- 15

f4

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS FROM ALL STAMP-DUTIES.

Bonds given by fish-: akers or curers; or by the matter or owner of any boat, ship, or vessel employed in the British fisheries, or in the exportation or conveyance of fish j or for salt to be used or employed in curing or preserving fish; or to prevent the exportation of wool, woolfels, mortlings, shortlings, yarn, or worsted tpade ot wool, or any manufacture thereof; or for the exportation of tobacco from the King's ware-house; or bond, commonly called <or known by the name of coast bonds;

SCHEDULE (A.) — continued.

Kame and Description of the instrument. Article! or Thing, on which the Duty attaches. England. Scotland.

or bond to prevent the exportation of fuller's-earth, fulling clay, or tobacco-pipe clay, entered into pursuant to any act or acts of parliament. Bond given as securiry for any sura of money not*£. s. L

exceeding £. 100 I"* — 9-

exceeding /*. 100, and not exceeding L. % 00 - I JO — 1 9-

exceeding £.300, and not exceeding £.500 - a 1 19-

exceeding £.506, and not exceeding £.1,000 3 — a 19 —

exceeding £.i, coo> and not exceeding /.a, coo 4 — - 39-

exceeding £.2, 000, and not exceeding £ .3, 000 5 — 4 19-

exceeding Z.3, 000, and not exceeding /T^oooo 6 — — 59-

exceeding £.4, 000, and not exceeding £.5, 000 7 — 6 19 —

exceeding 7.5, oog, and not exceeding £.10, 0009 — 8 19 —

exceeding 7.10, 00c, and not exceeding £.15, 000 exceeding £.15, 000, and not exceeding £. 20, 00c ia — — II 19 —

IS 14 19 -

exceeding £.20, 000 -.- ao 19 19 -

Indenture of Apprenticeship, where the sum or va-

lue given, paid, contracted, or agreed for, with or in relation to such appren-

tice shall not exceed £10 — IS — — 14 -

exceeding /10, and not exceeding /20 I 10 — 1 9-

exceeding £20, and not exceeding £50 2 IO — 2 9-

exceeding £56, and not exceeding £100 - 5 49"

exceeding /ioo, and not exceeding £300 - 12 — — II 19 -

exceeding £sco - 2Q 19 19-

SPECIAL EXEMPTION. Indenture for binding poor parUh children

apprentices, or other children by any

publick charity. Alignment of Indenture of Apprenticeship (except of poor parish children, or other children, by any publick charity) -5 — — 14 -

Passport - — 3 — - 3-

Bill or Note of Lading for any Goods or Merchan-

diae to be exported

Protest - - 3-

Notarial Act, any, whatsoever ... — s - 3"

Debenture or Certificate for drawing back any cuf-

toms or duties, or any part of any customs or duties, for or in respect of the shipping, re-

Shipping, or exporting any goods or mereban-

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 98. 411 SCHEDULE (A.) — continued.

Name and Description of the Iastrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches*

dize, which shall be exported, or be shipped to be exported* from Great Britain for any parts beyond the seas -

Procuration -

fetter. Warrant, or Power of Attorney upon any number of words nor amounting to thirty common law (beets (calculated at seventy-two words to each (hect), of which any such letter, warrant, or power of attorney shall conflft

And for evenr entire quantity of fifteen common law meets (calculated at seventy-two words to each meet), of which any such letter, warrant, or power of attorney shall Confist, over and above the first fifteen common law (beets, a further duty of Letter, Warrant, or Power of Attorney, given by any petty officer, Teaman, or marine, or soldier serving as a marine, for the receipt of prize money Statute-Staple -

Statute-Merchant Transfer of Bank or South Sea Stock

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

Transfer of Stock in Government Funds. Vide Transfer of Stock in any Company, Society, or Corporation.

Transfer of Stock or Share in any Company, Society, or Corporation whatever (not being Bank or South SSea dock, or East India flock or flock in government funds), where the amount of the stock or share to be transferred shall not exceed £, ioo where the amount shall exceed £. i co, and not exceed £.200 -

where the amount shall exceed £.200, and not exceed £.300 -

where the amount shall exceed £.300, and not exceed £.400 where the amount shall exceed£.400, and not exceed £.500 -

where the amount shall exceed £.500, and not exceed £. 1,000 -

where the amount shall exceed £.1,000, and not exceecd £.2, 000 -

England. Scotland.

£. s. £.. d

- 4 - I t >5 4* II

1 — 9 —

x — 19 —

j _, 2 —

I — — — 19 —

1 1* '1 — 19 —

I IO — 19 —

2 1 19 —

2 10 — as —

3 a 19 —

3 10 — 39 —

5 4 19 —

7 10 -r 79 —

SCHEDULE (A.) — continued*

Name and Description of the Inftmment, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches. England. Scotland.

Transfer of Stock continued. where the amount shall exceed. £.2, 000, anc &*d. £ Sm L

not exceed £.3, 000 where the amount.shall exceed £.3, 000, and 10 — — 919-

not exceed £.4, 000 -where the amount shall exceed £.4, 000, and 12 IO — ia 9-

not exceed £.5, 000 -where the amount shall exceed £.5, 000, and54 19-

not exceed £.10, 000 - -.17 10 — I79 —

where the amount shall exceed £.10, 000 Policy of Assurance or Insurance, or any writing commonly so calied, for insuring houses, fumini tu re, goods, wares, merchandize or other 20 19 19-

property from loss by fire -.Vtdt Annual Duty cn Firt bifurancej, Schedule (B). Policy of Assurance or Ipfurance, or any writing commonly so calied, for insuring any ship or {hips, goods or merchandize, or any other property or interest whereon infuranees may be lawfully, made for any voyage to or from any part or place in the United Kingdon of Great Britain and Ireland, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney or Sark, or the Isle of Man, or from or to any other port or place in the said kingdom, or in the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney or Sark, or the Isle of Man, where the premium, or consideration in the nature of a premium, actually and* bond side paid, given, or con traced for, shall not exceed the rate of twenty shillings per centum, that is to say, where the sum to be insured shall amount '

to £.100 — 1 3 — i 3

And progressively for every £.iqo so insured And where the sum insured shall not amount — *3 -

to£.ico - And where the sum insured' shall exceed £.100, or any progressive sums of £.100 each by any fractional part of one hundred — 1 3 - 1 3 j

pounds, for such fractional part And where the premium or consideration in the nature of a premium, actually and bona fide paid, given* or contracted for, shall exceed the rate of twenty shillings per centum (chat is to say), Where the sum to be insured shall amount to — 3 - 1 3

£.ico -. — 2 6 - a 6

Kiini and Dtfeription of the Instrument* Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attache*.

Policy of Assurance &c. continued.

And progressively for every £.100 so insured And where the sum to be igfured shall not amount to £*100 —

And where the sum so to be insured shall exceed £.100, or any progressive sums of £*ioo each, by any/rational part of £. ioo, for such fradional part tolicy of Assurance or Insurance, or any writing commonly so calied, for insuring any ship* or ships, goods or merchandize, Or any other property or interest whereon insurances'may be lawfully made, where the premium, or confi deration in the nature of a premium, actually and bona fide paid, given, or contracted for, shall not exceed the rate of twenty shillings per centum (that is to say,) where the sum to be insured shall amount to one hundred pounds And progressively for every £. 100 so insured And where the sum insured shall not amount to £.100 -

And where the sum insured shall exceed^. 100 or any progressive sums of £*ioo each, by any fractional part of £.100, for such fractional part And where the premium, or consideration in the nature of a premium, actually and bona fide paid, given, or contracted for, shall exceed the rate of twenty shillings per centum (that is to say),

Where the sum to be insured shall amount to £9100 -

And progressively for every ^.100 so insured And where the sum to be insured shall not amount to ^.100 -

And where the sum to be insured shall ex-, ceed £.100, or any progressive sums of £.100 each, by any fractional part of^.ioo, for such fractional part Commission or Deputation given, granted, or issued by the of of customs or excise, for the time being -

Entry, Minute, or Memorandum of any admission into any corporation or company, in the court-book, noil, or record of any such corporation or company - - T

England.

£ s* d

- 26

- 2 6

- 26

Scotland.

- 26

- 26

- 26

—, 2 6

- 5 —

- 5 "

- 5 —

1 10-

£*d.

- 2 6

- 2 6

- 26

- 26

- 26

- 26

-2 6

- 5 —

- 5 —

- 5 —

- 5 — 19 —

- 19 —

England. Scotland.

£* £. s. I

ao —

20 -

50 > —

- 11 6 — 12 6

I 10 - 1 5-

16 — — 12 -

8 4--

20 — — 16 -

20 16 -

20 — — 16

20 — — 16

SCHEDULE (A.) — continued.

Marne and Description of the Infaumcat, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attache*.

Admittance of or Instrument for admitting any Fellow of the College of Pkyficiantyin England Admission into any of the four inns of court, or other inn of court or chancery Register or entry of any degree in any of the inns of court or chancery -

Warrant or order beneficial under the sign manual of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for the navy, army, or ordnance Warrant or order beneficial f other than as last above-mentioned), under the sign manual of his Majesty, his heirs or successors Grant from his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any sum of money exceeding^. ioo, which shall pais the great seal or privy leal

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

Any such grant which Hull pass the privy leal directed to the great feaJ, to pay the duty on passing the great seal only.

Grant of any office or employment which shall exceed the value of £.50 per annum, and shall not exceed £.100 per annum Grant of any office or employment which shall exceed the value of £.100 per annum, calculated on the amount of the faiary, fees, and perquisites appertaining to such office or employment Grant under the great seal of Great Britain or the seal of the duchy or county palatine of Lancaster, of any honour, dignity, promotion, franebise, liberty, or privilege to any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate -

Letters Patent under the great sea! of Great Britain, or the leal of the duchy or county palatine of Lancaster, of any honour, dignity, promotion, franchise, liberty, or privilege, to any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate Exemplification of any such grant or letters pa as lad-above-mentioned

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

Commissions of rebellion in process.

Briefs or letters patent for collecting cl table benevolences.

lame and Description of the Inftniment, Article, or Thing) on which the Duty attaches.

pecification in relped of a patent for any discovery or invention whatever Jrant of lands in fee or lease for years, or grant of other profit, that shall pass the great seal of Great Britain, the seal of the exchequer, the seal of the duchy or county palatine of Lancaster, or the privy seal

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

England. £. s, d. S —

20---

Anv such grant which shall pass the privy (eal, directed to the great (eal, to pay the duty on passing the great seal only.

Grant, conveyance, or assurance of any fee-farm or other rents of the duchy of Lancaster, where the consideration money shall not exceed £.10.

Licence granted by any justice or justices of the peace, or other magistrate or magistrates, for felling ale, beer, or other exciseable liquors by retail, yearly -

22 —

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS*

For licences granted to persons duly licen-fed by the chancellors or vice-chancellors of the two Universities in England, or by either of them, for felling wine* For licences granted to any person who shall be a master, warden, freeman, or one of the commonalty of the vintners of the city of London, admitted to his freedom by right of patrimony or apprenticeship only.

For licences granted to any person to keep either of the three wine taverns within the borough of St. Alban's in the county of Hertford, licensed by the mayor and hurgeffes thereof, according to the tenor of certain letters patent granted by Queen Elizabeth and King James the First, for and towards the maintenance of a free school there.

Licence for uttering or vending by retail, within the cities of London and Westminster, or within the limits of the two*penny post, any hats commonly called or known by the name of felt qr

Scotland.

£-TT

419 —

is —

XI —

SCHEDULE (A.) — continued.

Name and Ddcription of the Instrument, Article, or Thing on which the Duty attaches.

wool, fluff or beaver hats, or any leather or japanned hats, of any hats made wholly of felt, wool, fluff, beaver, or leather, or any mixture of the said substances, or any of them, or mixed with any other substance or substances, by whatever name such hats shall be called or distinguished, yearly -

Licence for uttering or vending by retail any hats commonly called or known by the dame of felt or wool, fluff or beaver hats, or any leather or japanned hats, or any hats made wholly of felt, wool, fluff, beaver or leather, or any mixture of the said substances or any of them, or mixed with any other substance or substances, by whatever name such hats shall be called or distinguished, in any other place than as last-above-mentioned, yearly Licence to be taken out by the owner, proprietor, maker, and compounder of, and by every person tittering, vending, or exposing to Tale, or keeping ready for sale, any drugs, herbs, pills, waters, essences, tin&ures, powders, or other preparations or compoGtions whatsoever, used or applied, or to be used or applied, externally or internally, as medicines or medicaments for the prevention, cure or relief, of any disorder or complaint incident to or in anywise affecting the human body, or any packets, boxes, bottles, pots, phials or other inctofures with any contents, subject to the duties by this a St granted on certain medicines, within the cities of London or Westminster, or within the limits of the two-penny post, or within the city of Edinburgh, each licence, yearly*-

For each such licence in arty other city or borough, or in any town corporate, or in the towns of Manchester, Birmingham, or Sheffield, yearly -

For each such licence in any other part of Great Britain, yearly Licence for using and exercising the trade or business of a Pawnbroker within the cities of London and Westminster, or within the limits of the two-penny post, yearly -

£ /. d.

---

5--J-

SCHEDULE ([A.) — continued;

Name and Description of the Instrument, Article, or Thing] on which the Duty attaches. r

Licence for using and exercising the trade or business of a Pawnbroker in any part of Great Britain without the limits last above-mentioned, yearly

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

Persons who shall lend money upon pawn or f pledge at or under the rate of £.5 per centum per annum interest, without taking any further or greater profit for the loan or forbearance of such money lent, on any pretence whatsoever.

Licence to any person or persons who shall publickly or privately, within the cities of London or Edinburgh, or within twenty miles of either oi' the said cities, set up, exercise, or keep by him self, or herself, or any other person or persons, any office for buying, felling, or otherwise dealing in any tickets in any lottery which is or shall be authorised by any a<S of parliament made or to be made, or who shall, by writing, printing, or otherwise, publish the setting up or uGng any such office, yearly Licence to any person or persons who (hatl, publickly or privately, in any part of Great Britain, not being within the cities of London or Edinburgh, or within twenty miles of either of the said cities, open, set up, exercise or keep, by himself or herself, or any other person or persons, any office for buying, felling, or otherwise dealing in any tickets in any lottery which is or shall be authorised by any act of parliament made or to be made, or who shall, by writing, printing, or otherwise, publish the setting up or tiling any such office, in case such person or persons shall not have taken out or paid the duty of £.50 for a licence for the said purposes in some other part of the United Kingdom, yearly -

licence to any person or persons, for the like purposes, in any part of Great Britain, not being within the cities of London or Edinburgh, or within twenty miles of either of the said cities, Who shall have taken out and paid the duty of £.50, for a licence for the said purposes in some other part of the United Kingdom, yearly -licence to be taken out by every postmaster or other V01. XLV. E

England.

5 -

5°---

50 -

10-----

Scotland.

£. 4.

5 -

50---

50 —

10 -

England.

Scotland.

- 5 H — S -

418 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 98. [1804.

SCHEDULE (A.} — continued.

Name and Description of the Instrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.*

person in Great Britain, who shall let to hire any horse, marc, or gelding, for the purpose travelling port by the mile, or from stage stage, or who (being a person usually letting horses tp hire) shall let to hire for a day or any less period of time than twenty-eight successive days, any horse, mare, or gelding, for drawing any co^cb or other carriage used in travelling poll, of otherwise, by what foe vqr name (itch carriage now is or hereafter may be called or known, yearly Licence to be taken out by every person who shall keep any cosfcb, berlin, landau, chariot, dili gence, calafb, chaifo-marine, chaise^ chair, or other carriage with two or more wheels, by what name'(oever the same now is or hereafter shall be called or known, to be employed ps a publick stage coach or carriage for the purpose of conveying passengers for hire to and from different places in Great Britain, for each such carriage, which shall be kept or employed for carrying at one time npt more than four inside passengers, (children in bp excepted), yearly To be taken out in like manner by every person who shall keep any such carriage for the purpose aforesaid, and which shall be kept or employed for carrying at one time more than four, but not more than fix inside passengers, (children in bp excepted), for each such carriage, yearly To be taken out in like manner by every person who shall keep any such carriage for v the purposes aforesaid, and which shall be kept or employed for carrying at one time more than fix, but not more than eight inside passengers, (children in lapexcepted), for each such carriage, yearly To be taken out in like manner, by every person who shall keep any such carriage for the purpose aforesaid, and which shall be, kept or employed for carrying at one time more than eight, but not more than ten inside passengers, (children in lap excepted), for each such carriage, yearly Tp be taken out in like manner by every

- 5 - - S

__ 6 — \ 6

-w IH

1

Name and Description of the Instrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.

ns*

Council, f Ordered by his Ma-

rayer, V jesty, his heirs or

hankfgiving, 1 successors.

c. J

person who shall keep any such carriage for the purpose aforesaid, and which shall be kept or employed for carrying at enc time more than ten inside passengers* (children in lap excepted)* for each such carriage* yearly -

Newspaper, or paper containing publick news* in* telligence* or occurrences* printed in Great Britain* to be dispersed and made publick, of half a sheet or less, double demy, or of one {heet single demy, (the half sheet double demy* or whole sheet Angle demy* not exceeding thirty-two inches in length* and twenty-two inches in breadth)* for every such paper - For every half sheet of which such newspaper as before mentioned shall consist* over and above one half sheet double demy, or one whole sheet single demy, of the respective sizes or dimensions above mentioned

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

Proclamations*

Orders of Council Forms of Praye,

Forms of Thankfg Acts of State.

Acts of Parliament.

Printed Votes or other matters ordered to be printed by either house of parliament.

Single Advertisement printed by itself.

Daily Accounts or bills'} Such bills or accounts of goods imported and F containing no other exported. / matters than what

Accounts of the Weekly l have been usually Bills of Mortality.*comprized therein

Vide Advertisement* Schedule (B.)

Pamphlets ot Books or Papers commonly so called contained in half a sheet or any less piece of paper* printed in Great Britain* each copy Pamphlets or Books or Papers commonly so calied, (being larger than half a sheet* and not exceeding one, whole sheet), printed in Great Britain each copy

England.

I-

- 9-

- 3t

- 3v

Scotland.

- 9 —

--Si

--Si

420 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 98.

[1804. SCHEDULE (A.) — continued.

Name and Description of the Instrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

England*

Scotland.

Acts of Parliament.

Proclamations,

Orders of Council,

Forms of Prayer, and - Thanksgiving,

Acts of State.

Printed Votes or other matters by order of either house of parliament.

Books commonly tifed in the schools of Great Britain.

Books containing only matters of devotion or lhde Larger Pamphlets, Schedule (B.)

f Ordered to be printed v by his Majesty, his L heirs or successors.

Almanack or Calendar for any time not exceeding one year -

Almanack or Calendar for several years.

For each and every year for which such almanack or calendar shall be made, published, or intended

Almanack or Calendar perpetual -

x

1 —

1 —

10 —

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

Calendar or perpetual Almanack contained in any Bible or Common Prayer Book.

Book or Pamphlet serving the purpose of an almanack or calendar for any time not exceeding a year

Book or Pamphlet serving the purpose of an almanack or calendar for several years.

For each and every year for which such almanack or calendar shall be made, published, or intended Boole or Pamphlet serving the purpose of a perpetual almanack or calendar -

1 — — I -

- 10 —

- 10 —

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

Bibles and Common Prayer Books containing a Calendar or perpetual Almanack.

Promi (Tory Note or other note, for the payment of'money to the bearer on demand (which may within three years after the date thereof, but

SCHEDULE (A.) — continued.

Name and Description of the Inftniment, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches. England. Scotland.

not at a later period, be re-issued from time to time after payment at any place) where the sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, £' Sm & I- d.

shall not exceed one pound and one shilling Where the sum shall exceed one pound and one shilling, and not exceed two pounds 3 j

and two shillings -.-Where the sum mall exceed two pounds and two shillings, and not exceed five pounds 6

and five shillings Where the sum shall exceed five pounds and99

fivefhlllings, and not exceed twenty pounds Promissory or other note for the payment, by or on account of the bank of Scotland or the royal bank of Scotland, or the British linen company, or the bearer on demand, of the sum of £.100 (which may within three years after the date thereof, but not at a later period, be re-issued. I r

from time to time, after payment at any place) Bill of Exchange, Draft, Order or promissory or other note, for the payment of money to the bearer on demand, where the sum expref&d therein, cr made payable thereby, shall amount to forty shillings, and shall not exceed site

pounds and five shillings - '*- Bill of Exchange, Draft, Order, or Promissory or other note, payable otherwise than to the bearer.on demand, where the sum expressed therein or made payable thereby, shall amount to forty shillings, and shall not exceed five pot^ids and — t a 1 8

five shillings, Bill of Exchange, Draft, Order, or Promissory or other note for the payment of money, where the sum shall exceed five pounds and five shillings, and not — I —

exceed £.30 Where the sum shall exceed £.30, and not — 1^I 6

exceed £.50 - Where the sum fijall exceed £.50, and not - 2 — — 2 —

exceed £.100 -^Where the fun* shall exceed^.ioo, and not — 3 — — 3 —

exceed £200 Where the sum shall exceed^.aoo, and not — 4 — ! — 4 —

exceed £.500 - I Where the lum shall exceed £ 500, Ad not — s — — s —

exceed £ toco - - nui r. — a_ir j r; — 7^ — 7 6

SCHEDULE (A.) — continued.

N^me and Defer! ption of the Instrunvent, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.*England. Scotland.

Foreign Bill of Exchange which shall be drawn in setts according to the custom of merchants, where the sum expressed in such hill, or made payable thereby, shall not exceed /.ioo for each and £. t. d. £ i. i

every bill in each let -drawn in sets, where such sum shall exceed £.100 and not exceed £.200, for - I

each and every bill in each sett Jo drawn in sets, where such sum shall exceed £.200, and not exceed £-500, — 2 — — 2 —

for each and every bill in each sett -so drawn in sets, where such sum shall exceed £.500, and not exceed £.1,000, — 3 — - 3"

for each and every bill in each sett -so drawn in sets, where such sum shall exceed £.1,000, for each and every bill — 4"

in each sett, - CONDITIONAL EXEMPTION. 5 — - 5"

Bills of Exchange, Promissory and other Notes.and Bills issued by the governor and company of the bank of England, exempted, on condition of the said governor and company paying, yearly,

£.3*000. SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS. Prafts and Orders for the payment of money to bearer on demand upon any banker, or person or persons ailing as a banker, and rdiding or transalling the

business of a banker within ten miles of the place at which such draft or order shall be drawn or given, and which place shall be expressed in or upon such draft or order. fKII, Remittance Bill, Certificate, and all other bills of what nature or description soever, drawn by commissioned officers,

matters or surgeons in the navy, for 'wages or pay, or by the commissioners of his Majesty's navy, or by the commis-

(ioners for, victualling his Majesty's navy, or by the commissioners for taking care of Tick and wounded seamen, or by the commissioners for managing the tran-foort-service. upon and payable by the /

Name and Description of the Instrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.

Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance, given for or upon the payment of money amounting to £.2, and not amounting to £.10 -

amounting to £.10, and not amounting to £.20 -

amounting to £.20, and not amounting

to£.So - -:

amounting to £.50, and not amounting to [1100.

amounting to £.ioo> and not amounting to £.200 -

amounting to £.200, and not amounting to £.500 -

amounting to £.500 and upwards - Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance, Note, Memorandum, or writing whatever, given to any person or persons for or upon the payment of money which shall contain or express, or in any manner signify or denote, any general acknowledgement of any debt, claim, account, or demand, or all or any debts, claims, accounts, or demands, being paid, settled, received, accounted for, balaneed, discharged, released, or satisfied, or whereby any sum of money therein mentioned shall be acknowledged to be in full or in discharge or satisfaction of all or any fvrch debts, claims, accounts, or demands, or intended so to be, and whether the same shall or shall not be signed by or with the name or names of the person or persons by or on whose behalf the lame shall be given -

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

Receipt or Discharge to be given by the treasurer of the navy for any money imprested to or received by him fqr the service of the navy.

Receipt or Discharge of any agent for money irpprested by or to him on account of the pay of the army or ordnance. '

Receipt or Discharge to be given by any officer, seaman, or foltlier, or their repre-Tentative respectively, for or on account of any wages, pay, or pension due to them for the army, navy, or ordnance

England.

£»* s d*

--4

--8

- a —

- 3 —

- 5 —

Scotland.

£. s. d.

- 2

- 8

3 — 5 —

- 5 -

- 5 —

SCHEDULE (A.)- — continued..1

Name and Description of the Instrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches. England. Scotland.

Receipt or Discharge to be given for the consideration of the purchase of any ihare in any publick (lock or fund* or in the stocks of the corporations of the bank of England, East India company, or South-Sea company, or fprthe dividends paid or payable on such shares of the said stocks. Receipt or Discharge given for money deposited in the banks of England or Scotland, or in the house of any banker or bankers. Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance, written on the back of any bill of exchange, promissory note or other note, duly stamped according to thediredions of this a a, or on the back of any foreign bill of exchange, payable in Great Britain. Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance, by deed duly and legally damped. Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance, given upon any bill or note of the governor and company of the bank of England.*Letters acknowledging the safe arrival of any bills, notes, or other securities for money. Receipt or Discharge indorsed on or contained in the body of any deed, bond, mortgage, or other instrument, acknowledging the payment or re-payment oi any part of any principal sum, or any interest thereupon, lent, paid, or securec in, by, or upon such deed, bond, mortgage, or other instrument duly and le. gaily damped. Receipt or Discharge given, or required tc be given, for any money payable bylaw to any merchant for drawbacks or bounties upon the exportation of any goods or merchandise from this kingdom. Certificates of over entry of any duties o customs. Receipt, Discharge, or Acknowledgemen*of Payment, indorsed on any order, bill &*)r f t > £m I. i*

SCHEDULE (A.) — continued.

ferae and Description of the Instrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches. England. Scotland.

£. i. d. £. s. i.

remittance bill, or certificate, made or drawn by of of the navy, or commifBoned officers, matters, and fur-

geons in the navy, for wages or pay. Receipt, Discharge, or Acknowledgement of Payment, indorsed on any bill or bills drawn in pursuance to or in the execution of the powers and authorities of any

act or acts of parliament, by the commissioners of his Majesty's navy, or by the commissioners for victualling his Majesty's navy, or by the of,

for talcing care of Tick and wounded seamen, or by the commissioners for managing the transport-service, upon and payable by the treasurer of his Majesty's navy. Prebate of Will or Letters of Administration for any ettpte above the value of £.20, and under the value of £. 100 - — 10 —

p{ the value of £.100, and under the value of £.200 - 2 1

of the value of £.200, and under the value of £.300 -- 5 mmm

of the value of £.300, and under the value of £.450 - 8

of the value of £.450, and under the value of £.600 - -, II

of the value of £.600, and under the value of £.800 -- 15

of the value of £.8co, and under the value of £.1,000 -- 22 -

of the value of £.1,000, and under the value of £.1,500 - 30

of the value of £.1, 500, and under the value of £.2,000 40 mmm

of the value of £.2, 000 and under the value of £.3,500 - 50

of the value of £.3, 500, and under the value of £.5,000 - - 60 -

of the value of £.5, coo, and under the value of £.7,500 - 75 mmm

of the value of £.7,500, and under the value of £-io, oco - 90 —

SCHEDULE (A.) — continued.

Name and Description of the Internment, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches. England. Scotland-

Probate of Wills, &c. — continued. £. i. d. £. 1. i

of the value of £io, coo, and under the

value of £.12, 500 -of the value of £. 12, 500, and under the IIO -

value of £.15, 000 -of the value of £.15, 000, and under the35 —

value of £17, 500 -of the value of £17, 500, and under the r6o

value of £.20, 000 - of the value of, £.20, 000, and under the 185 -

value of£.25, 000'-of the value of £.25, 000, and under the 210 —

value of £30, 000*of the value of £30, 000, and under the 260 —

value of £35, 000 -of the vahie or £35, 000, and under the 3*0 —

value of £.40, 000 -of the value of £.40, 000, and under the 360

value of £45, 000 -of the value of £45, 000, and under the 410

value of £50, 000 -of the value of £50, coo, and under the 460 -

value of £6o, oco -of the value of £fco, oco, and under the 550 —

value of £70, 000 -of the value of £70, 000, and under the 650 —

value of £8o, eoo -of the value of £80, 000, and under the 750 —

value of £50, 000 -of the value of £90, 000, and under the 850 —

value of £100x00 -of the \alue of £100, 000, and under the* 950 —

value of £.125, 000 - of the value of £.125, 000, and under the 1, 200

value of £150 000 of the value of £150.000, and under the 1, 403 —

value of £.175, ccO of the value of £.175, 000, and under the 1, 600 —

value of £.100, 000 - -of the value of £.200, 000, and under the 2, 0C0

value of £250, 000 -of the value of £250, 000, and under the 2, 500 —

j value of £.300, 000 - 3, 000 -

r of the value of £300, 000, and under the

value of £.350, 000 - 3^00 r\

SCHEDULE (A.) — continued.

Xunc and Description of the Instrument, Article, or Thing* on which the Duty attaches*

England.

'rotate of Wills* &p, continued.

of the value of £.350, 000, and under the value of £.400, 000 -

of the value of £.402, 000, and under the value of £.500, 000 -

of the value of £.500, coo or upwards -

£' u A*

4.00 D--

5.000 --

6.000 -

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

Scotland.

s. (L

Probate of any Will or Letters of Administ ration of any common Seaman, Marine, or Soldier, who shall be flam or die in the service of his Majesty, his heirs or successors.

Legacy, specisick, or pecuniary, or of any other description, of the amount or value of £.20 or more, given by any will or testamentary instrument of any person out of his or her personal estate, and also upon the clear residue, and upon every part of the dear residue of the personal estate of every such person, whether testate or intestate, and who shall have left, or shall leave, any personal estate of the clear value of £.100 or upwards, which shall remain, after deducing debts, funeral expences, and other charges, and specifick and pecuniary legacies (if any), whether the title to such residue, or to any part thereof, shall accrue by virtue of any testamentary dispoGtion, or upon intestacy; where any such legacy, or any residue or part of residue of any such personal estate shall be given, or shall pass to or for the benefit of a brother or After of the deceased, or any defendant of a brother or After, for every one hundred pounds of the value of any such legacy or residue, or any part of residue, and so after the same rate for any greater or left sum, payable and to be paid on the receipt or discharge for such legacy or residue, or part of gefiduu -

On the receipt or discharge for any such legacy, or any such residue or part of residue of any such personal estate as above mentioned, which shall be so given, or shall (o pals as aforesaid, to or for the benefit of a brother or After of a father or pother of the deceased, or any defendant

2 10 —

a 10 —

Marne and Description of the Instrument, Article, or Thing, bn which the Duty attaches.

Legacies continued.

of a brother or filler of a father or mother of the deceased; for every one hundred pounds of the value of such legacy or.residue, or part thereof, and so after the same rate for any greater or less sum On the receipt or discharge for any such legacy, or any such residue or part of residue of any such personat estate as above mentioned, which shall be so given, or shall so pass as aforesaid, to or for the benefit of a brother or filler of a grandfather or grandmother of the deceased, or any defendant of a brother or filler of a grandfather or grandmother of the deceased; for every one hundred pounds of the value of such legacy or residue, or part thereof, and so after the same rate for any greater or less sum -, -

On the receipt or discharge for any such legacy, or any such residue or part of residue of any such personal estate as above mentioned, which shall be (b given or shall so pass as aforesaid, to or for the benefit of any person, in any other degree of collateral confangurnity to the deceased than as above described, or any stranger in blood to the deceased; for every one hundred pounds of the value of such legacy or residue, or part thereof, and so after the same rate for any greater or less sum EXEMPTIONS.

Legacy, or any residue or part of residue of any personal estate, which shall be given or shall pass to or for the benefit of the husband or wife of the deceased. Legacy, or any residue or part of residue of any personal estate, which shall he given or shall pass to or for the benefit of any of the Royal Family.

Certificate to be taken out by every person yrho shall use any dog, gun, ret, or other engine, (or the taking or destruction of game, yearly SPECIAL EXEMPTION.

The Royal Family.

England.

4--

Scotland

JL*

4---

5---

5--

8 -r —

3 3-

8--

I 3 —

same and Description of the Instrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.

Certificate issued to or taken out by any person under any deputation or appointment of game* keeper (being a menial servant) yearly SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

England.

£*d*

I I —

Scotland.

I I —

Persons appointed Game-Keepers by any of the Royal Family within the forests, chases, parks, warrens, or other royalties to them respectively belonging.

Idmittance, instrument of, or any minute, memo- u randum, or entry of admittance, of any member of the college of physicians in Scotland, or of any advocate, clerk to the iignet, solicitor, procurator, agent, or other officer in any court whatsoever, or of any notary-publick in Scotland

SPECIAL EXEMPTION.

Annual Officer in any royal burgh, or of regality, corporation, or inferior court, whose office is under the value of £.10 per annum, in salary, fees, or perquisites.

Summons, Warrants, or Orders for Service, issuing from or out of the court of session or court of exchequer in Scotland Summons, Warrants, or Orders for Service, issuing from or out of any court in Scotland (not being the court of session or of judiciary, or court of exchequer), where the matter in dispute shall exceed the amount or value of five pounds -

3eposition or Depositions of a witness or witnesses taken in any cause or suit before the court of session or commission of tiends, or court of admiralty in Scotland, or commissary court of Edinburgh, or in any civil cause, before any inferior court in Scotland Deposition or Affidavit produced in the court of exchequer in Scotland -

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

Depositions taken in any cause or suit be-'fore any of the said courts in Scotland, which is infilled in at the instance of

16 -

- 4 —

- a —

2 — 2 —

SCHEDULE (A.) — continued.

Name and Ddcription of the Instrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches. England. Scotland.

the publick prosecutor for the publick interest, or where the publick revenue is concerned. Depositions taken in any civil cause before £ h dm £. i. i.

any inferior court aforesaid, where the sum of subject concluded for is under the value of £.5 sterling, exclusive of coils* Surrender or Resignation, principal or original instrument of, of any messuages, houses, lands, tenements, hereditaments, tythes, mills, fithings, and other heretable rights, to be made to any subject fu peri or thereof, or to any city, town, burgh, or corporation, or to any magistrates or others, who have power to receive

such surrenders in Scotland Charter of Resignation, or of Confirmation, or 01 Novodamus, or upon apprising or adjudication made or, granted by such subject superiors, or — 14-

others as aforesaid Precept of Clare Constat, or principal ororigina retour of any service of heirs of or in lands or tenements holding of any subject superior as — 14-

aforesaid --- Saiftne, principal or original instrument of, taken Or following upon any mortgage, wadset, heretable bond, alienation, or dispoGtion, or upon any charter, precept of clare constat, retour, apprising or adjudication of lands or tene* meats holding of any subject superior as afore* — 14-

said - Surrender, principal or original instrument of, or of resignation, or service, or cognition of heirs, or charter* or fit!fine of any houses, lands, tenements or hereditaments, holding burgage oi —

of burgage tenure Agreement made in Scotland, where the matter (ha be of the value of £.20 or upwards, whethei the same shall be only the evidence of a contract or obligatory upon the parties from it! being a written instrument, provided fuel agreement shall not contain a clause of re giftration; upon any number of words no _ amounting to thirty common law (beets (ca r s 1 t — .14-

£' s' 4* I £.

- 16 —

- I — 16 —

Name and Description of the Instrument, Article, or Thing, i.i

on which the Duty attaches. En8llM* Scotland.

eulated at seventy-rwo words to each sheet) of| which any such agreement shall consist

And for every entire quantity of fifteen common law meets, (calculated at seventy-two words to each meet), of which any such agreement or other obligatory instrument, together with every schedule, receipt, instrument, or other matter, put or indqrfed thereon or annexed thereto, shall consist, over and above the first fifteen of such common law sheets, a further duty of -

SPECIAL.EXEMPTIONS.

Label, Slip, or Memorandum, containing! the heads of insurances to be made by] the corporations of the Royal Exchange I aiturance or London assurance, or the corporations of the Royal Exchange! assurance of houses and goods from fire,] and London assurance of houses and) goods from fire.

Memorandum or Agreement for any lease] at rack-rent of any messuage under the! yearly value of five pounds. I

Memorandum or Agreement for the hire) of any labourer, artificer, manufacturer, } or menial servant. I

Memorandum, Letter, or Agreement, ! made for or rotating to the-sale of any) goods, wares, or merchandize. J

Memorandum or Agreement made between master and mariners of any coasting vessel for wages.

Letter or Letters containing an agreement! in respect of any merchandize or evi-| dence of such an agreement, which shall] pass by the poll between merchants and ] other persons carrying on trade or commerce, and residing, and actually being] at the-time of fending such' letters, atf the distance of fifty miles from each] other.

Disposition or Conveyance of Lands or Heretabl$[

Rights in Scotland, upon any number of words! not amounting to thirty common law (beets,

SCHEDULE (A.) — continued.

Name and Description of the Instrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches. England. Scotland

(calculated at seventy-two words to each sheet), of which any such disposition or conveyance £. r. d.

shall consist - - And for every entire quantity of fifteen common law meets (calculated at seventy-two words to each meet) of which any such disposition or conveyance of land or he- 19-

retable rights, together with every schedule, receipt, instrument, or other matter

put or indorsed thereon or annexed thereto, shall consist, (over and above the first

fifteen such common law fhcets), the further sum of -'Heretable Bond or Conveyance of Lands or Here- — 9"*

table Rights for the fecarity of any sum of money, lent, not exceeding £.100 For the like security where the sum of 1 9-

money lent shall exceed £. too, and shall not exceed £.300 - For the like security where the sum of 1 19-

money lent shall exceed £.300, and shall — 2 19 —

not exceed £.500 - For the like security where the sum of

money lent shall exceed £.500, and shall not exceed £. 1,000 - For the like security where the sum of 39-

money lent shall exceed £.1,000, and shall not exceed £.2, 000 4 19-

For the like security where the sum of -

money lent shall exceed £.2, 000, and shall not exceed £.3, 000 For the like security where the sum of 5 »9-

money lent shall exceed £.3, 000, and — > 6 19 —

shall not exceed £.4, 000 For the like security where the sum of

money lent shall exceed £.4, 000, and shall not exceed £.5, 000 For the like security where the sum of 7*9

money lent shall exceed £ 5, 000, and shall not exceed £. 10, 006 For the like security where the sum of9*9"

money lent shall exceed £.io, oooo, and shall not exceed £.13, 000 11 I?

Name and Description oMhe i nstrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.

For the like security where the sum of money lent shall exceed £.15, 000, an^ shall not exceed £.20, 000

For the like security where the sum of money lent shall exceed £.20, coo The said several and respective duties on heretable bonds or conveyance of lands or heretable rights to be payable and paid for and in respect of any number of words therein, not amounting to thirty common law sheets (calculated at seventy-twd words to each (hect), of; which any such heretable bond or conveyance, together with every Schedule, receipt, instrument, or other matter put or indorsed thereon or annexed thereto shall consist.

And for every entire quantity of fifteen common law (heets (calculated at Seventy-two words to each sheet), of which any such heretable bond or conveyance of land or heretable rights, together with every schedule, receipt, instrument, or other matter put or indorsed thereon or annexed thereto, shall consist (over and above the first fifteen common law (heets), a further duty of Assignation of any Heretable Bond or Conveyance of Lands or Heretable Rights; upon any number of words not amounting to thirty common law (heets (calculated at seventy-two words to each street), of which any such assignation shall consist - -'-

And for every entire quantity of fifteen common law sheets (calculated at seventy-two words to each (beet), of which any such afligtiation, together with every schedule, receipt, or other matter put or iiv» dor fed thereon or annexed thereto, shall consist (over and above the first fifteen common Taw (heets), a further duty of Bond, given solely as a collateral security for any heretable bon'd or conveyance of lands or heretable rights Copy attefied, or extra# of or from any deed, instrument, or writing, given out from any pub* V^t vi v f

England. Scotland.

£. r. d.

t

- 14 19 —

_ 199 —

19 —

- 19 —

- 19 —

434 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 98. [1804.

SCHEDULE (A.) — continued.

Name and Description of the Instrument, Article, of Thing, on which the Duty attaches. England, Scotland.

lick register, or from the books or record of any £. s. d. £. s. i

court in Scotland SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS. - 1 6

Extrafls of the Decrees of Court, other than such formal decrees of registration as are usually annexed to the eittra&s of writings. Copies of Extracts or Protests upon Bills or Promissory Notes under forty shillings sterling. Award or Decree Arbitral made in Scotland, whe- 4

ther rqeiftcred or not - Writ or Instrument^ with any institution or license, that shall be passed or made by any presbytery - 1 9-

or other spiritual power in Scotland Testatnont Testamentor, or Testament Dative, or Eik thereto, to be expected in any commissary court in Scotland, for any estate above the value of £.20 anc 2 -

under the value of £. 100 of the value of £.100 and under the — 10-

value of £.200 - of the value of £200 and under the value — 2

of £.300 of the value of £-300 and under the 5--1

value of £.450 -of the valufe of £<4.50 and under the 8 — ^)

value of £.600 of the value of £.600 and under the — 11 -

value of £.800 ... of the value of £.800 and under the — *s--

value of £. i, coo ... of the value of £.1,000 and under the —

value of £.1, 500 ... of the value of £.1, 500 and under the — 30--

value of £.2, 000 -of the value of £.21000 and under the 40--

value of £.3, 590 -of the value of £.3, 500 and under the 50--

value of £.5, 000 ... of the value of £.5, 000 and tender the — 60 -

value of £.7*500 - ».of the value of £.7, 500 and under the is --

value of £.i<hoco, J 90 —

SCHEDULE (A.) — continued.

Name and pcscription of the lastrumrat, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches. England, Scotland.

Testament Testatnentor, &c. — continued. of the value of £.10, 000 and under the £*d.

value of £.13, 500 — no —

or the value of £.12, 500 and under the

value of £.15, 000 Of the value of £.15, 000 and under the — 13s -

value of £.17, 500 f the value of £.17, 500 and under the 160 — — \

value of £.ao, oooo of the value of £.20, 000 and under the, 85

value of £.25, 000 - — 210 -

f the value of £.25, 000 and under the

value of £.30, 000 — 260 -

of the value of £.30, 000 and under the

value of £. 35.000 — 3IO

of the value of £.35, 000 and under the

value of £.40, 000 of the value of £.4.0, 009 and under the — 360 -

value of £.45, 000 — 410 -

of the value of £.45, 030 and under the 460 -

value of £.50, 000 - 1

of the value of £.50, 000 and under the

value of £.60, 000 of the value of £.60, 000 and under the — .550

value of £ 70, 000 — 650 -

of the value of £.70, 000 and under }he

value of £.80, 000 of the value of £.80, 000 find under the 750

value of £.90, 000 of the value of £.90, 000 and under the — 850 -

value of £. 100.000 of the value of £.100, 000 and under — 95°

the value of £.125, 000 — .1, 200 -

of the value of £.125, 000 and under

the value of /. 159, 000 of the value ot £-150, 009 and under — ,°o

the value of £.175, 000 — 1, 600 -

of the'value of £.175, 000 and under

the value of £.200, 000 — 2, 000 -

of the value of £.200, 000 and under

the valuf of £250, 900 of the valqe of £.250, 000 and under — 2, 500 —

the value of £.300, 000 of the value ot £.300, 000 and under 3, 000 -

the value of £.350, 000 -.tn mmam 3, 500 -

436 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 98. [1804.

SCHEDULE (A.) — continued.

Name and Description of the Instrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches. England. Scotland.

Testament Testamentor, &c. — continued. of the value of £.350, 000 and under l H £ u

the value of £.400, 000 -of the value of £.400, 000 and under 4, 000 —

the value of £.500, 000 — 5, 000 —

Of or above the value of £*500, 000 - SPECIAL EXEMPTION. Testament Testamentor, or Testament Dative, or Eik theteto, of any common fcaman, marine, or soldier, who shall be flam or die in the service of his Majesty, his heirs and successors. 6, 000

Schedule (B.)

STAMP DUTIES.

Name and Description of the Instrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches. England. Scotia

Insurance upon every sum of£.ico, and so in proportion for any greater or less sum that is or shall be infurea by any person or persons, in or by any policy of insurance, for insuring houses, furniture, goods, warehouses, merchandize, or other property, from loss by fire, yearly - - £. s. J. — 2 6 £'_ $ 6

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

Publick Hospitals.'Insurance made in Great Britain, for insuring any houses or furniture, goods, wares, merchandize, ' or other property, within any foreign kingdom or state in amity with his Majesty, his heirs and successors.

Advertiseflnent contained in the London Gazette* or any other paper printed in Great Britain, to be dispersed and made publick, weekly or ©ftener, or yearly, monthly, or at any other 1

SCHEDULE (B.) — continued.

Name and Description of the Instrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches. England. Scotland.

interval of time exceeding one week, or which shall be contained in or published with any pamphlet whatsoever, so printed and dispersed and made publick - SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS. Single Advertisement printed and dispersed separately. Daily Accounts or! 0... BillsofGoods im. S"ch b, lls or ?c-ported and export- "unw containing r v no other matters Accounts " of the f J180 have'V-J xsr- Pamphlets or Books, or Papers, commonly so called (being larger than one whole (beer, and not exceeding fix (beets octavo, or on a Idler page, or not exceeding twelve (heels in quarto, or twenty (beets in folio), printed in Great Britain, for every sheet of any kind of paper which shall be contained in one copy thereof £. t. d. — 3 — t — 2 — £ i. — 3 — — 2 — r

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS. Acts of Parliament. Proclamations, "1 Ordered to be Orders of Council, printed by his Forms of Prayer and Majesty, his Thanksgivings, heirs or fuc- A<9s of State. J cessors. Printed Votes or other matters by order of either house of parliament. Books commonly used in the schools of Great Britain. Books containing only matter of devotion or piety. Playing-Cards, for every pack which shall be made fit for sale or use in Great Britain Dice, for every pair which shall be made fit for sale or use in Great Britain Hats made wholly of Felt, Wool, Stuff, Beaver, or Leather, or any mixture of the said substances, or any or them, or with any other substance or substance9, by whatever name such hat shall be called or distinguished, not exceeding the price or value of spur shillings, in- — 2 6 — 2 6

SCHEDULE (B.) — -continued.

Name and Description of the instrument. Article, or Tiling, on which the Duty attaches. England. Scotland.

which shall be uttered or vended in Great Britain, where such packet, box, bottle, pot, phial, or other inclosure, with its contents, shall not exceed the price or value of one shilling Where such packet, box, bottle, pot, phial, or other inclosure, with its contents, shall exceed the price or value of one shilling, and not exceed the price or value of two U 1

shillings and sixpence Where such packet, box, bottle, pot, phial, or other inclosure, with its contents, shall exceed the price or value of two shillings and sixpence, and not exceed the price or - — 3 — s

value of four shillings ... Where such packet, box, bottle, pot, phial, or other inclosure, with its contents, shall exceed the price or value of four shillings, and shall not exceed the price or value oir 6 6

ten shillings*Where such packet, box, bottle, pot, phial, or other inclosure, with its contents, shall exceed the piice or value of ten shillings, and shall not exceed the price or value of

twenty shillings - -Where such packer, box, bottle, pot, phial, or other inclosure, with its contents, shall exceed the price or value of twenty shillings, and shall not exceed the price or — 2 —

value of thirty shillingsr Where such packer, box, bottle, pot, phial, or other inclosure, with its contents, shall exceed the price or valge of thirty shillings, and shall not exceed the price or value of — 3 - - 3-

tifty shillings - Where such packet, hox, bottle, pot, phial, or other inclosure, with its contents, shall — 10 — — 10 —

exceed the price or v?lue of fifty shillings - I 1 -

SCHEDULE of Drugs, Herbs, Pills, Waters, Essences, Tindures, Powders^ Preparations, and Compositions.

ALL Foreign Medicines, except Drugs.

Adam's Solvent.

Addison's re-animating European Bal-fam.

/Ethereal Anodyne Spirit.

Ague and Fever Drops {by Wilson). Amboyna Lotion.

- Mouth Powder.

- Tooth Powder.

American Alterative Pills,

- Salve.

Andalusia Water.

Anderson's Septs Pills.

Angibaud's Lozenges of Blois. Anodyne Necklace.

Antipertuflis.

Appleby's Tea.

Arabian Balsam.

Arnold's Drops.

- Pills.

Arquebusade Water.

Aromatick Spirit of Vinegar.

- Condensed.

Asiatic Bilious Pills.

- Tonic Tincture.

Austin's Chalybeate Pills.

Balm of Mecca.

Balsam of Iceland Liverwort. ^Barclay's Antibilious Pills.

- Asthmatic Candy. Barlowe's Specific Medicine. Barron's Cachou de Rose Lozenges. Barton's Alterative Pomade.

- Vital Wine.

Bateman's Drops.

- Golden Spirit of Scurvy-Grass.

- Plain S irits of ditto Balcy's British Tooth-Powder. Beafely's Family Plafler.

Beaume de Vie.

Beiker's Tincture.

Bell's Reftorarive Pills.

Bcnne: '* Worm Powders.

Benzoin, Essence of.

Berry's Bilious Pills.

Betton's British Oil.

Birt's Martial Balsam.

Blair's Cephalic Fluid.

Boerhaave's Antiscorbutic Wine. Bolderson's Worm Cakes.

Bollman's Specific.

Bolton's Asthmatic Tincture/ Bostock's Cordial*

- Grand Elixir.

Bott's Corn Salve.

- Tooth Powder.

Bourne's-/Ethereal Essence.

Box's Magnesia Lozenges*

Brazil Salts.

Brodum's Botanic Pills.

- Botanical Syrup,

- Nervous Cordial.

Browne's British Pills.

- Rheumatic Powders.

- Tincture of Yellow Bark.

Bryant's Essence of Coltsfoot. Camphor, Ethereal Essence of Cathcart's Edinburgh Ointment. ----- Water.

Cephalic Snuff.

Chamberlain's Ointment.

- Pills.

Chapman's Cerate.

- Chilblain Water.

Ching's Worm Lozenges.

Chinner's Pills.

Church's Anodyne Essence.

- Chilblain Ointment.

- Cough Drops.

- Eye Salve.

- Pedoral Pills.

- Volatile Tincture.

Clcrval's S\rup.

Clinton's Oil for Deafness.

- Snuff.

Clyde's Baliam*

Schedule of Drugs, &c. — continued.

Collier's Assistant Pills,

- Ointment.

- Remedy for Fistula and Piles.

Complin's Specific.

Cordial Balm of Gilead.

Cornwell's Fruit Lozenge.

- y Opodeldoc.

- Oriental Vegetable Cordial.

Costello's Cerate.

- 'Collyrium.

Cottier's Resolvent and Healing Planter.

Cox's Tindlure.

Coxwell's Castor Oil Medicine. Culpepper's Herb Cordial.

Cundell's Balsam of Honey.

Curtis's Syrup.

Daffy's Elixir.

Dalby's Carminative.

Dalmahoy's Sat Poignant.

- Tasteless Salts.

Dawson's Lozenges.

Deering's Drops.

Delefcoi's Myrt e Opiate.

De Velno's Pills.

Dickenson's Cephalic Drops.

- Red Drops for Convulsions.

- Drops for Firs.

Dixon's Antibilious Pills, ponavan's American V egetable Syrup. Doranftorfrs Opodeldoc.

Dutch Drops.

Earl's Remedy for the Hooping Co. gh.

Edward's Ague Tincture.

- Nipple Ointment.

Elixir of LongevityKor Swedish Pre-

fervative.

Ellis's Aperient Pills.

Falck's Cerate.

- Universal Pills,

- Syrup.

Dicey and Go's Bathing Spirits. — Daffy's Elixir.

Findon's Drops.

Ford's Balsam of Horehound. Fordyce's cooling opening Pills, Fothergill's Pedoral Pills.

- Restorative.

Fraunce's Elixir.

Freake's Tincture of Bath. Freeman's Bathing Spirits.

- Eye Water.

Friend to Man.

Frith's Antibilious Elixir.

Fry's Worm Pills.

Fryars'Balsam.

Gamble's Aromatic Snuff. Garaveni's Styptic.

Gardener's Ointiqeot.

- Pills.

German Corn Plafteror Salve. Gilbert's Roseate Lotion.

Glasse's Magnesia.

Godbold's Balsam.

Godfrey's Cordial.

- 7 Rose Lozenges.

Gowland's Lotion.

Grand Specific or Infallible Antidote to Confutnptions.

Grant's Drops.

- Lisbon Tonic Pills.

Green's Honey Lozenges.

- Oil, or Infallible Oil.

- Tooth Ache Pills. Greenough's Tincture,

- Tolu Lozenges.

Grey's Lozenges.

Tooth Powder.

Griffin's Asthmatic Tincture. Grubb's Fryar's Drops.

Guest's Lotion.

- Pills.

- Powder.

- Tooth Powder.

- Welcome Guest.

Haarlam's Drops.

Hadley's Convulsive Powders. Hallam's Aniraa of Quaffia.

Schedule of Drugs, &c. — continued.

fallam's Antibilious Pills.

- Quaffia Ditto.

[amilton's Asthmatic Effluvia*

- Cinnamon Drops.

- Corn Salve.

- Vegetable Balsamic Tine-

ture.

Ian nay's Walk.

larvey's Anti-Venereal Pills.

- Grand Restorative Drops.

latfield's Tincture. layman's Marcdant's Drops, layward's Stomachic Lozenges.

- Anti-acid, ditto.

- Samaritan Water.

Hemet's Essence of Pearl.

- Pearl Dentifrice.

Heming's Pine-Bud Lozenges.

Henry's Aromatic Spirits of Vinegar. — - Magnesia.

Hewitt's Analambanic Pills., Hickman's Pills.

Hill's Balsam of Honey.

- Bardana Drops.

- Canada Balsam.

- Essence of Water Dock.

- Gout Essence.

- Tincture of Centaury.

I - Sage.

- Valerian.

Hodson's Aromatic Nervine Tea.

- Imperial Oil.

- Persian Restorative.

Syrup.

Holdsworth's Lozenges.

Hooper's Female Pills.

Howell's Powders for Epilepsy. Hunter's Elixir.

- Pills.

- Restorative.

Jackson's Corn Salve.

- Ointment.

- Tindlure.

Jacobson's Cough Drops.

James's Analeptic Pills,

James's Fever Powder.

—: --- Medicine for the Dropsy.

Jebb's, Sir Richard, Elixir.

- Pills.

Jesuits' Drops.

Imperial Anodyne Opodeldoc, nfallible Restorative. nglish's Scots Pills.

' ohnfton's Essence of Horehound. ohntcnocco's Tooth Powder. Jones's Rheumatic Tincture.

Irvine's Fruit Lozenges.

Juniper's Essence of Penny RoyaL

- Peppermint.

Kennedy's Corn Salve or Plaster. Keyfer's Pills.

Knight's Pills.

Lamert's Balsam.

Lancaster Black Drop.

Leake's Cerate.

- Chilblai Watr.

- Pills.

- : — Purifying Drops.

Leathe's Lotion,

Le Coups Imperial Oil.

Lee's Lozenges.

Lewis's Specific Pills.

- Tincture of Angustura Bark.

Liquid Shell for the Stone and Gravel. Lockyer's Pills.

Lord's Corn Salve or Plaster. Lorraine's Consumptive Pills. Lourie's Eye Water.

Lowther's Drops.

- Nervous Powders. Lozenges, Aniseed.

- Benzoin.

- Camomile.

--Ginger.

- Horehound.

- Ipecacuanha.

- Patirofa.

- Peppermint.

- Poppy.

- Rose.

444 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 98.

[1804. SCHEDULE (fi.) — continued.

Name and Description of the Instrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.*Schedule of Drugs, &c. — continued.

Lozenges, Rotated Liquorice.

- Specific.

- Spermaceti.

- Tolu.

Lucas's Pure Drops of Life.

Luzatte's British Pills.

Lygnum's Antiscorbutic Drops.

- Lotion.

- Pills.

Magnesia Tablets.

Man's Cough Medicine.

Mapoon's Sanative Salve.

Marshall's Cerate.

- Wort Diflolvent.

Matthew's or Matthews's Alterative

Medicine.

Chymical Tincture.

Remedies for curingEiftula and Piles without cuttingorpain.

- Samaritan Restorative.

Mayerfbach's Balsamic Pills.

- Mixture.

- Restorative Powders. Medley's Aromatic Herb Snuff*. Metallic Traitors.

Military Drops.

Millman's Itch Ointment.

Monfey's Rheumatic Powders. Nailor's Corn Ointment.

Newton's restorative Tooth Powder. Norman's Syrup.

Norris's Chalybeate Pills.

- Drops.

- Tonic Essence.

Norton's Matedant's Drops. Oliverian Ointment for the Piles. Oanikirlc Medicine for the Bite of a Mad Dog.

Palmer's Laxative Pills.

Paraguay Lotion.

Pafchalrs Teething Remedy. Pedtoral Essence of Coltsfoot. Perkins's Metallic Traitors.

Perrin's Balsam of Lungwort.

Peter's Pills

- Tincture.

Pidding's Balsam of Liquorice. Pike's Ointment.

Pomade Divine.

- Royal.

Powell's Camphor Liniment.

- Eye Salve.

Price's Bread Salve.

Prickett's Styptic.

Pullen's Antiscorbutic Pills.

- Purging Pills.

Pyrmont Tablets.

Radcliffe's Purging Elixir.

- Rheumatic Tincture.

Refined British Oil.*

Relfe's Nipple Ointment. Richardson's British Corn Salve or Plaster.

Riga Balsam.

Robbcrd's Cough Drops.

Robert's Worm Sugar Plums. Roche's Embrocation.

Roe's English Coffee for Nervous Disorders.

Roger's Antibilious Elixir.

- Antiscorbutic Pills.

Rook's Balsam.

Rose Tablets.

Rufpini's Styptic,

- Tincture.

- Tincture for the Tooth

Ache.

- Tooth Powder.

Ryan's Essence of Coltsfoot. Rymer's Cordiac and Nervous Tine-ture.

- Detergent Pills.

- Essence of Garlick.

Rymer's Pectoral Medicine.

- Tonic Pills.

Schnid's Liquid Dentrifice.

Schult's Vegetable Acid Air.

Scot's Gout Pills.

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 98. 445 SCHEDULE (B.) — continued.

Name and Description of the Instrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.

Schedule of Drugs, &c. — continued.

Senate's Aromatic Steel Lozenges, or Lozenges of Steel.

Sharpe's Hepatic Pills.

Sibley's Lunar Tmdiure.

1 Solar D°

Simson's Infallible ./Ethereal Tincture.

Singleton's Golden Ointment. Sloane's, Sir Hans, Pills.

Smart's Tincture of Cafcarilla Bark. Smellome's Eye Salve.

Smith's Antibilious Pills.

- Antihedtic Balsam.

- Cooling opening Pills# ----- Drops.

- Purifying Pills.

- Restorative Medicated Wine.

Smyth's Drops.

- Restorative.

Solander's Sanative Tea.

Soley's Essence of Squills.

Solomon's Abftergent.

- Anti Impetigines.

- 'Balm of Gilead. Speediman's Stomach Pills.

Specific Convulsion Drops.

- for the Yellow Fever.

- Remedy (by WeflcIsJ.

- Tincture.

Spence's Dentifrice.

SpiKbury's Antiscorbutic Drops.

- Compound Essence. SpinlufPs Aromatic Bilious Cordial. Squire's Elixir.

Squirrel's Drops.

- Tonic Pills.

- Powders.

Steer's Camomile Drops.

- Camphorated Eye Water.

- Convulsion Oil.

- Nitre Drops.

- Opodeldoc.

- Paregoric Lozenges.

- Purging Elixir.

Sterne's Balsamic Aither,

Sterne's Stomachic Tablets.

- Tincture and Gout Drops. Storey's Worm Cakes.

Stoughton's Bitters.

Elixir.

Stringer's Essence of Myrrh*

Myrrh Dentrifrice.

- Paregoric Lozenges.

Swedish Preservative, or Elixir of Longevity.

Swinfen's Anti-Acid.

- Eledhiary.

- Ointment.

- Worm Sugar Cakes.

Swiss Balsam.

Tasteless Ague Drops.

- Fever Drops.

Thomas's Tolu Essence.

Thomson's Ague Tincture.

Tickell's ALther.

Tincture for the Teeth and Gums. Tooley's Cordial.

Tooth Ach Fluid.

Tooth Powder, Asiatic.

- Paraguay.

- Royal.

Trotter's Asiatic Tooth Powder. Trowbridge's Golden Pills.

Tuberofa Vitae, or Chilblain Water* Turllngton's Balsam.

Vandour's Nervous Pills.

Van Swieten's Gout Cordial. Vegetable Embrocation.

Vital Balm.

Waite's Worm Nuts.

Walford's Pancreatic Powders. Walker's Jesuit's Drops.

Walker's Specific Remedy.

- Stomachic Wine.

Waikey's Tooth Powder.

Waller's Ointment.

WaHh's Coltsfoot Lozenges#

- Ginger Seeds.

- Pills.

Ward's Dropsy Pills,

446 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 98.

[1804. SCHEDULE (B.) — continued.

Name and Description of the Instrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attacks.

Schedule of Drugs, See. — continued.

Ward's E(fence for the Head Ache.

- Liquid Sweat.

- Paste.

- Powders.

- Red Pills.

- Seek Drops.

- Sweating Powder.

- White Drops.

Ware's Asthmatic Drops.

Warren's Analeptic Powders.

- British Tooth Powder.

Water's Artificial Mineral. Webster's Diet Drink.

Welsh's Female Pills.

Wheatley's Ointment.

1 — --- Fluid.

Whitehead's Essence of Mustard.

- > — of Horehouod.

- Pills.

Williams' Aperient Pills.

- Essence of Benzoin or

Pulmonick Drops.

- Spa Elixir or Restorative

Drops.

Willis's Asthmatic Pills.

Winch's Cough Drops.

Wray's Ague Pills.

Zimmerman's Stimulating Fluid.

Or by whatsoever other name or names the same heretofore have been; now are, or shall hereafter be calied, known, or diitinguithed; and also all pills, powders, lozenges, tinflures, phtions, cordials, electuaries, plasters, unguents, falyes, ointments, drops, lotions, oils, spirits, medicated herbs and waters, chemical and officinal prepara* tions whatsoever, of the same or the like properties, qualities, virtues, and efficacies with the articles before mentioned, named, enumerated, or specified in this schedule, or any of them, made, prepared, uttered, Tended, or exposed to Tale by any person or persons whatsoever, wherein the person making, preparing, uttering, vending, or exposing to sale the same, hath, or claims to have, any occult fccrei or art for the making or preparing the same, or hath or claims to have any exclusive right or title to the making or preparing the; same, or which have at any time heretofore been, now are, or (bill hereafter be prepared, uttered, vended, or exposed to sale under the authority of any letters patent under the great seal, or which hare at any time heretofore been, now are, or shall hereafter be, by any publick notice or advertisement, or by any written or printed papers or hand-bills, or by any labels or words written, printed, or affixed to or delivered with any such packet, box, bottle, or phial, or other inclosure aforesaid, held out or recommended to the publick by the makers, vendors, or proprietors thereof, as nostrums or proprietary medicines or as specincs, or as beneficial to the prevention, cure, or relief of any distemper, malady, ailment, disorder, or complaint incident to or in anywise affecting the human body.

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

All drugs named or contained in the book of rates subscribed with the name of Sir Harbottle Grimstone, Baronet, and mentioned and referred to by the act of tonnage and poundage, made in the

SCHEDULE (B.) — continued.

Name and Description of the Iastrument* Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches*

- m'-- -

Schedule of Drugs, &c. — continued.

twelfth year of the reign of King Charles {.he Second, and in another book of rates, intituled, "An additional book of rates of goods and merchandizes usually imported, and not particularly rated in the book of rates referred to in the act of tonnage and poundage, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, with rules, orders, and regulations, signed by the right honourable Spencer Compton, speaker of the honourable house of commons, and mentioned and referred to by an act, made in the eleventh year of the reign of his majesty King George the First " nor to any medicinal drug or drugs whatsoever, which shall be so uttered or vended entire without any mixture or composition with any other drug of ingrodieqt whatsoever, by any surgeon, apothecary, chemist, or druggist, who hath served a regular apprenticeship, or by any person who hath served as a surgeon in the navy or army under any commission or appointment, who shall have been duty entere4 at the war office or navy office, or by any other person whatsoever licensed in pursuance of this act; nor to any mixtures, competitions, or preparations whatsoever, mixed or compounded with or prepared from medicinal drugs, medicated or chemical preparationsor compositions, or other ingredients bearing different denominations, or having different properties, qualities, virtues, or efficacies, which shall be uttered or vended by any such surgeon, apothecary, chemist, or druggist as aforesaid, or by any such person who hath served as a surgeon in the navy or army under any such commission or appointment as aforesaid, the different denominations, properties, qualities, virtues, any efficacies of which mixtures, compositions, and preparations as aforesaid, are known, admitted, and approved of in the prevention, cure, or relief of any disorder, malady, ailment, or complaint, incident to or in any wise aftecting the human body, any wherein the person mixing, compounding, preparing, uttering, or vending the same, hath not, nor claims to have, any occult secret or ait for the mixing, compounding, or preparing the same, nor hath, nor claims to have, any exclusive right or title to the mixing, compounding, or preparing, or to the vending of the same j and which mixtures, compositions, or preparations, have not been, are not, nor shall hereafter be, prepared, uttered, vended, or expofod to foie, undir the authority of any letters patent under the great seal, nor at any time heretofore have been, now are, or shall hereafter be, by any 4>ublick notice, advertisement, or by any written or printed papers or hand bills, or by any label* or words written, or printed, and affixed to, or delivered with any such packet, box, bottle, pot, phial, or ether inclosure aforesaid, held out or re-

Name and Description of the Instrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attache*

Schedule of Drugs, &c. — continued.

commended to the publick by the owners, proprietors, makers, Compounders, original or first vendors thereof, as nodrums or proprietary medicines, or as specifics, or as beneficial for the.prevention, cure, or relief of any such d idem per, malady, ailment, or complaint as aforesaid.

England.

Horse, Mare, or Gelding, hired by the mile or stage, to be used in travelling in Great Britain, for every mile such horse, mare, or gelding shall be hired to travel -

Horse, Mare, or Gelding, hired for a left period of time than twenty-eight successive days, for drawing on any publick road any coach or other carriage used in travelling pod, or otherwise, by whatsoever name such carriage now is or may be hereafter called or known (if the didance at the time of hiring such horse, mare, or gelding shall be ascertained), for every mile such horse, mare, or gelding shall be hired to travel -

Horse, Mare, or Gelding so hired as lad above mentioned, in any case where the didance shall not, at the time of such hiring, be afeertfined, for each day for which such horse, mare, or gelding shall be so hired

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

- 1*

- *9

Scotland. — ii

--1}

- 1 9

Horses, Mares, or Geldings, used in hackney cpaches licensed pursuant to the several acts of parliament made for that purpose, where the horses, mares, or geldings drawing such hackney-coaches shall be employed to go no greater didance than ten miles from the, city of London or Wedminder, or the suburbs thereof.

Carriage, whether a coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calalh, chaise marine, chaise, diligence, or other carriage with two or more wheels, by what name soever any such carriage now is or

SCHEDULE (B.) — continued.

Name and Description of the Inftniment, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.

hereafter may be called or known, which shall be employed as a publrck stage coach or carriage for the purpose of conveying passengers for hire to or from different places in Great Britain, and which shall be licensed for carrying not more than four inside passengers (children in lap excepted), for ever) mile any such carriage shall travel.Which mall be licensed for carrying more than four, but not more than fix inside passengers (children in lap excepted), for every mile any such carriage shall travel Which shall be licensed for carrying more than fix, but not more than eight inside passengers (children in lap excepted), for every mile any such carriage shall travel Which shall be licensed for carrying more than eight, but not more than ten inside passengers (children in lap excepted), for every mile any such carriage shall travel Which shall be licensed for carrying more than ten inside passengers (children in lap excepted), for every mile any such carriage shall travel -

England.

£. i. d.

--2i

- 34

- +

- S

Scotland*

£. u d.

--a

--24

- 3

--4

--5

SPECIAL EXEMPTION.

Hackney Coaches licensed by the commissioners for licensing such coaches.

Horse, Mare, or Gelding, entered to start or run for any plate, prize, sum of money, or other thing whatsoever, over and above all other duties chargeable by this or any other act or acts of parliament -

a a

a* —

Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 98. [1804.

Schedule (C.)

ALLOWANCES AND DRAWBACK,

ALLOWANCES.

To every person who, at one and the same time, shall produce at the head office for damps in London, to be damped, or dull buy of the commissioners of the stamp duties, vellum, parch-vtient, or paper, charged with any damp duty, to the amount in the whole of £.30 or Upwards, one pound ten shillings for every one hundred pounds, and so in proportion for any greater or less fund not under £.30.

To card-makers, on payment Of the duty on cards, monthly, at the time of settling their accounts £.i* for. for every £-100, and so in proportion for any greater or less sum.

Todationers who shall purchase damps for receipts to the amount sit one and the same time of, £.10, in consideration, of their making no chafge to the publick for the paper damped for receipts, but actually and bon£ side felling the same for the price of the damp only, (even pounds ten shillings for every One hundred pounds of the atnodfit of the duty on such damps "for receipts, and so in proportion for any greater or less sum, not under the sum of j£.lO; this allowance being over and above the usual allowance on the present payment of stamp duties to the amount of £$(> and upwards.

To printers, publishers, and proprietors of newspapers, who shall not have raised the price of their newspapers above the price at which the same were respectively sold at and immediately before the time of passing the act of the thirty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, ' An act for granting to his Majesty certain stamp duties on the several matters therein mentioned; and for better securing the duties on certificates to be taken out by solicitors, atrornies, and others practising in Certain courts of justice in Great Britain; and who shall at one and the same time produce at the ketfd office of damps, to be damped, or shall buy of the commissioners of the stamp duties, paper damped with the <Juty chargeable 00 newspapers, the duties whereof shall amount to ten pounds or upwards, in consideration of promot or present payment of such duty, sixteen pounds and eighteen shillings for every one bun* dred pounds on such payment, and so in proportion for am* greater or less sum not "being under £.10. But if any such printer, publisher, or proprietor shall have raised, or shall raise, the price of his newspaper above the price at which the same was so sold at and immediately before the time of passing the said act of the thirty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty,

ALLOWANCES.

Majesty, then and in such case no more or greater allowance shall be made, in cohfiderarioh of such prompt or present payment, thtin at the rate of four pounds for every one hundred pounds, and so in proportion for any greater or less sum not under £. io.

To the two universitiet of Oxford and Cambridge respectively, J the annual sum of £.50© each.

To persons who shall purchase at the head office for stamps in London, stamps for hat linings to the amount, at one and the same time, of £.10 or upwards, ten pounds for everyone hundred pounds of the amount of the duty on such stamps so purchased, and so in proportion for any greater or less sum not under £.10.

For receiving the duty for and in respect of fire insurances, paying the same, and making out the accounts according to the directions of the several acts of parliament in that behalf made, five pounds for every one hundred pbunds so received, paid, and accounted for, and so in proportion for any greater or less sum.

To any person or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate, carrying on the business of sea insurances within the city of London, who shall Have given or caused to be given (to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the stamp duties) security by bond for the payment of the duties on sea policies, at the times and in the manner to be preforibed by the said of, and who shall duly pay the said duties in the time and manner prescribed, one pound ten shillings for every one hundred pounds of the amount of the duties so paid, and so in pro.' poftion for any greater or less sum.

For receiving the duty for and in refbect of gold plate or Silver plate made or wrought in Great pritain, paying the same, and making but the accounts according to the directions of the several a£s of parliament in that behalf made, two pounds ten shillings for every one hundred pounds so received, paid, and accounted for, and so in proportion for any greater or less sum.

To persons who shall atone and the same time purchase ftaifiped labels for medicines, the duty whereon shall amount 10^.5 or upwards, five pounds forevefy one hundred pounds, and so in proportion for any greater or less sum not under £.5.

To persons who shall at one and the fatne time purchase damped labels for medicines, the duty whereon shall amount to £.jo'

Of upwards; tdn pounds for every one hundred pounds, and so in proportion for any greatef or left sum nbt irnder/.50.

To persons who shall at one and the same time purchase damped labels for medicines, the duty whereon shall amount to £.100 ot upwards, twelve pounds ten shillings for every one hundred*Goa pounds*

45. Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 98. [1804.

SCHEDULE (C.) — continued.

ALLOWANCES and DRAWBACK.

pounds, and so in proportion for any greater or left Juan not under [1100.

To clerks in any court of law or equity, entrusted by an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on certificates to be taken out by solicitors, attornies, and other persons practising in certain courts of justice in Great Britain; and certain other duties with refjped to warrants, mandates, and authorities to be entered hr filed of record as therein mentioned j*lo enter and file of record certain* memorandums or minutes; for their trouble in that behalf two pounds ten shillings for every one hundred pounds of the amount of the duties on such memorandums or minutes so entered or filed of record as aforesaid, and so in proportion for any greater or leis sum.

'To clerks of the p?ace or their deputies respectively, for and in consideration of their making out and delivering to the proper officer of the stamp-duties, according to the directions of an act made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, cap. 46, a list of persons licensed to fell beer, ale, and otbt? exciseable liquors, at and after the rate of one farthing, for the name of every such person inserted in such lift.

To clerks of the peace or their deputies, or the sheriff or stewart

clerk respectively, for and in consideration of their making out, according to the directions of an act made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, cap. 50, a list of persons taking out game certificates, at and after the rate of ooe halfpenny for the name of every such person inserted in every such lift.

To the clerk of the course, book-keeper, or other person authorised to enter any horse, mare, or gelding, to dart or run for any plate, prize, sum of money, or other thing, in consideration of his trouble in receiving, accounting for, and duly paying the duty imposed on such horse, mare, or gelding, five pounds for every one hundred pounds of the amount of the duties so received, accounted for, and paid, and lb in proportion for any greater or less sum.

DRAWBACK.

For or in respect of gold plate and silver plate wrought or roanu-fadured in Great Britain, which shall be duly exported by tray of merchandize tolrelao^or any foreign parts, the whole duties which shall have been paid for the same.

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 99. 453

CAP. XCIX.

An act for granting additional annuities to the proprietors of flock created by two acts, passed in the thirty five nth and forty ficond years of his present Majesty.

[July 28, 1804.]

WHEREAS an at7, passed in the thirty seventh year of the

reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for raising 37 Geo. 3. the sum of eighteen, millions by way of annuities: and whereas c# l0* an act passed in the forty flecond year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting annuities to fa.isfy certain Geo. 3. exchequer-bills, whereby certain annuities were created, at and c. 8. after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, and were made part of the capital or joint stock of annuities created by the said first recited act: and whereas it was by the said jirfl recited act enacted, that, after two years from the end of the present war and ratification of toe definitive treaty of peace thereupon, at any period of fix month, ending on the fifth day of April or on the tenth day of October in any year, it should and might be lawful for any contributor, his, her, or their executors, administrators, jucceJfors, or assigns, to make application to the governor and company of the bank of England, to have the said annuities, after toe rate of five pounds per centum thereby granted, redeemed or paid off, or converted into other annuities, as therein after is mentioned, at his, her, or their election*, and that after six months previous notice of such his, her, or their intention, the said annuities should be redeemed and paid off, or converted into such annuities accordingly: and whereas the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled did, on the eighth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety six, resolve that the sum of eighteen millions be raised by annuities*, and did also resolve that every contributor to the said sum of eighteen millions should, for every one hundred pounds contributed and paid, be entitled tO'the principal sum of one hundred and twelve pounds ten shillings in annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety six, and be irredeemable, unless with the consent of the proprietors thereof, until the expiration of three years from the period at which the cxifling annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, should be redeemedand paidoff, or the interest payable thereon reduced, that every proprietor of the said annuities should, at his deftre, on three months notice, be entitlea at any period of time, not left than two years after the end of the present war and ratification o f the definitive treaty of peace thereupon, to have the said annuities redeemed, either by the payment of one hundred pounds for every one hundred pounds of such annuities, of one hundred and thirty three pounds six shillings and eight-pence capital in the three pounds per centum consolidated annuities, at the option of such proprietor: and whereas it is therefore expedient that provision should he made to enable the said parties to take the benefit of the terms contained' in the said reflations in relation to such annuities; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the

advice

4-54 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 99. [1804.

advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the Persons pof- authority of the same, That all persons and bodies politick and sessed of stock corporate possessed of any capital stock in the annuities, after centannufties rale ^ve Poun's per centum per annum, granted by the fold granted by the recited acts of the thirty-seventh and forty-second years afore* recited acts, said, who shall, by themselves or any agents duly authorised, on signifying signify to the governor and company of the bank of England, on before Octo^ or ^e^orc the fifth day of October one thousand eight hundred ber 5, 1804., and four, their desire to take the benefit of the terms contained their desire of in this act, shall remain entitled to receive the dividend which taking the will becoirie due on such capita) stock on the tenth day of g-a £cl* October one thousand eight hundred and four; and shall further, entitled to the from and after the said tenth day of October, be entitled to dividend due receive so much capital stock in the respective annuities herein-the 10th after mentioned, as shall be equal in value to one hundred S c<^Sinan<* Poun<k sterling, estimated at the option of the lords-commis-annuities as noners of the treasury (such option to be declared on or before herein meo- the twentieth day of September one thousand eight hundred and tfoned. four), in either of the two following modes; that' is to say, either such persons and bodies politick and corporate shall be entitled to hold such capital stock as aforesaid as consolidated with and making part of the consolidated annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annumy created by an act made in the twenty-fourth year of his present Majesty, and several subsequent acts, receiving thereon one half-year's dividend on the fifth day of January one thousand eight hundred and five, and, in addition thereto, so much stock in reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, as shall be equal to the difference between the sum of one hundred pounds sterling and the value of one hundred pounds capital stock in the said consolidated annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annumy the value of such several annuities to be ascertained at the time and in the manner herein after mentioned; or for every one hundred pounds of such capital stock in the annuities granted by the said recited acts of the thirty-seventh and forty-second years aforesaicf, and in lieu thereof, such persons and bodies politick and corporate shall be entitled to so much stock in reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, as shall be equal to one hundred pounds; and that the value of every one hundred pounds of such annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, or in annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum9 granted by an act of the twenty-fourth year of his present Majesty, and by several subsequent acts, shall be computed and taken on the average price of such annuities fespectively on the last ten days on which any transfer of stock shall be made preceding the tenth day of October aforesaid on which any transfer shall have been made in either of the said last-menrioned capital flocks at the bank of England, after making deduction of the amount of the dividend due or accruing

1804] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 99. 455 cruing thereon; such average to be settled and declared by the governor and deputy-governor of the bank of England.

II. And be it further enacted, That all the annuities, after The spercent,

the rate of five pounds per centum per annum9 to which any annuities persons or bodies politick or corporate may become entitled ftaH

under this act, in lieu of any former annuities, shall be deemed, be added tq reputed, and taken to be one capital or joint (lock, and shall be the joint (lock added to and made part of the joint stock of annuities with, and of 5 per cents, shall be redeemable at the same time and in like manner as the annuities, carrying an interest after the rate of five pounds per

centum per annum, established by an act made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, and several subsequent a£h; and that all persons and corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the money to which they shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this act, shall have or be deemed to have a proportional interest and share in the said flock of annuities at the rate aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the annuities, after Thespereent die rate of three pounds per centum per annum9 to which any

persons or bodies politick or corporate may become entitled by granted shall virtue of this act, shall be added to the joint stock of annuities be added to transferable at the bank of England, which, by an act made in the joint stock the twenty-third year of the reign of his late Majesty, were °*$ PjJ* reduced from four pounds per centum per annum to three pounds rcduc'per centum per annum^ and shall be deemed part of the said joiqt flock of annuities, subject nevertheless to redemption by parliament, in such manner and upon such notice as in the several acts by which the said annuities, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum were respectively grantee!, are directed in respect of the annuities redeemable by virtue thereof; and that all persons and corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the annuities to which they shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this act, shall have and be deemed to have a proportional interest and share in the said joint stock of annuities at the rate aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all such annuities shall Times of be payable half-yearly at the bank of England, at the most usual anuSS^ days of payment in the year for such respective annuities; that

is to say, the fifth day of January and the fifth day of July in every year for and in respect of the said several annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum; and the fifth day of April and the tenth day of October in every year for anq in respetft of the said several annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per pnnum\ the first payment on the said several annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum to be due on the fifth day of January one thousand eight hundred and five, and on the said reduced annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum on the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and five; and that all persons and corporations entitled to any such annuity or annuities aforesaid, and his, her, and their administrators, successors, and assigns respect

45$ Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 99. [1804.

tively, and all persons and corporations lawfully claiming under him, her, or them, shall have good, sure, absolute, and indefea-. Able estates and iftterefts in the said respective annuities, according to the true tenor and meaning of this act, until the redemption or expiration thereof in the manner herein directed. Annuities V. And be it further enacted, That all the said annuities shall payable out of be charged and chargeable upon and payable out of the confo-daUd°fundT Heated Fund of Great Britain, after paying, or reserving sufficieftt to pay, all such sums of money as nave been directed by any former act or acts of parliament to be paid out of the same; and that the said several annuities of five pounds per centum per annum and of three pounds per centum per annum respectively, Ihadl be subject to redemption by parliament in manner mentioned in this act.

VI. And, for the more easy and sure payment of the annuities

point a carrier tflablished by this afi, it is hereby further enacted, That the said and account- governor and company of the bank of England^ and their fuc-hat. cessors, shall, from time to time, appoint and employ one or

more sufficient person or persons within their office in the city of London to be their chief or first cashier or cashiers, and one other person or persons within the same office to be their accountant-general; and that so much of the monies from time to time being in the receipt of the exchequer of the said consolidated fund, by this act made applicable for that purpose, as shall be sufficient to answer the said annuities, shall, by the order of the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, without any further or other warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained in that behalf, from time to time, at the respective days of payment in this act appointed, be issued and paid at the said receipt of the exchequer, to the first or chief caQiier or cathiers of the said governor and company of the bank of England, and their sucessors, for the time being, by way of imprest, and upon account for the payment of the said annuities; and that such cashier or cashiers, to whom the said monies shall from time to time be ifhied, shall, from time to time, without delay, apply and pay the same accordingly, and render his or their accounts thereof according to the due course of the exchequer.

Accountant-

VII. And it is hereby also enacted, That the said accountant-F^the^e-" general for the time being shall, from time to time, insped and ceipt and ply- examine all receipts and payments of the said cashier or cashiers, ments of the and the vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any fraud, caftiicr. negligence, or delay.

Stocks may be

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said respective transferred: cap]ta|s or j0; n^ (locks, or any Oiare or ioterest in either of

them, shall (except so far as by this ?d is provided) be assignable and transferable as this act directs, and not otherwise; and that there shall constantly be kept in the office of the hid accountant-general for the; time beings within the city of London, a book or books, wherein all alignments or transfers of the said respective capitals or joint (locks, or any part thereof,

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 99. 457

ind the proportional annuities attending the Tame, at the rate aforesaid, shall be entered and registered; which entries shall be conceived in proper words for that purpose, and shall be signed by the parties making such alignments or transfers, or if^ any such party or parties be absent, by his, her, or their attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorised by writing under his, her, or their hands and seals, to be attested by two or more credible witnesses and that the person or persons to whom any such transfer shall be made, shall respectively underwrite his, her* or their acceptance thereof; and that no other method of assigning or transferring the said respective capitals or joint flocks* and the annuities attending the same, or any part thereof, or any interest therein, shall be good and available in law; and that no stamp-duties whatsoever shall be charged on the said transfers, or any of them: provided always, that all persons possessed of any share or interest in any of the said several joint flocks of annuities, or any estate or interest therein, may devise the same by will in writing attested by two or more credible witnessfes; but that no payment shall be made upon any such devise until so much of the said will as relates to such estate, share, or interest be entered in the refbective offices; and that in default of such transfer or devise as aforesaid, such share, estate, or interest shall go to the executors, administrators, successors, and aQigns.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nPhutthe?^S person or persons, or body politick or corporate, shall, before

the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and five, transferred transfer, or be entitled or enabled to*transfer, or have or be before April entitled to have any certificate, receipt, or other voucher, nego- 5> 1805, ciable by delivery or otherwise, for any such reduced three pounds per centum annuities as aforesaid, to which any persons, or bodies politick or corporate, may become entitled under this act, as equivalent to the difference in value between the said five pounds per centum annuities granted by the said act of the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, and other subsequent a<Sls, and one hundred pounds sterling, if the option shall be so declared, or as shall, in case of any five pounds per centum annuities, created by the said recited acts of the thirty-fevemh and forty-second years respectively, being converted into three pounds per centum reduced annuities, be equivalent to such proportion of the said last mentioned annuities as shall be equal to such difference as aforesaid, such proportion in the latter case to be settled and declared by the governor and deputy governor of the bank of England.

X. And be it further enacted, That all persons who shall be Annuities t* entitled to any of the annuities hereby granted, and all persons he deemed lawfully claiming under them, shall be possessed thereof as of a personal estate, which shall not be descendible to heirs, norcl a c* liable to any foreign attachment by the custom of London or otherwise; any law, statute, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

458 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 99. [1804.

The Bank to

XI. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That the continue a faj<j governor and company of the bank of England^ and their for ^th"pu" successors, notwithstanding the redemption of all or any of their poses of this own funds, in pursuance of the acts for establishing the same, a#. or any of them, shall continue a corporation for the purposes 0?

this act, until all the said annuities shall be redeemed as aforesaid; and the said governor and company, or any member thereof, shall not incur any disability for or by reason of his or their doing any matter or thing in pursuance of this act. Treasury to

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the reward the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of then Bank for their now being, or the high treasurer, or any three or more of the execution of C commioners of the treasury for the time being, shall have this act. po^r, and they are hereby authorised, out of the said confo*

jidated fund, to reward all such persons as shall be any way; employed in the execution of this act, for their service, pains, and labour; and also to defray such incident charges as frail necessarily attend the same; and also to settle and appoint such allowances as they shall think proper for the service, pains, and labour of the cashier or caftiiprs of the said governor and company of the bank of England-\ for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said annuities made payable by this act; and aUofor the service, pains, and trouble of the said accountant-general of the said governor and company, for performing the duty and trust incumbent on or reposed in him by this act; ail which allowances to be made as aforesaid in respect of the service, pains, and labour of any officer or officers of the said governor and company of the bank of England, shall be for the ufesnd -benefit of the said governor and company, and at their disposel only; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Persons sued,

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or |ke. may persons shall at any time or times be sued, molested, or pro-

P, ca^.JJ?c 8C" fecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in pur* fieralifiue. fuabce of this act, or of any matter or thing therein contained, such perfori or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if a verdictc shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his or their action, or be nonsuited, or judgement shall be given against him or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or defend: nts shall have treble costs to him or them awarded against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. igo. 45

CAP. C.

h aft fvr war thouswg goods within the limits of certain docks made under an act passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth year of his present Majesty, intituled An act for making wet docks, batons, cuts, and other works, for the greater accommodation, and security of shipping, commerce, and revenue within the port of London; and to make regulations relating to the said docks.

[July 28, 1804.]

WHEREAS an act, passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth year

W of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for 39 & 4° G. 3.

wking wet docks, batons, cuts, and other works, for thee*47*

reater accommodation and security of shipping, commerce, and

evenue within the port of London: and whereas it is expedient the

rid aft should be amended, and that further regulations should be

iade in relation to the docks, quays, warthouses and wharfs in the

rid aft mentioned, and to goods and merchandize discharged and

tien in the said docks; may it therefore please your Majesty that

t may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excel-

ent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords

piritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parlia-

nent a fie m bled, and by the authority of the same, That so Duties pay-

nuch of the said recited act as directs and requires that the* °{hufftT

hties payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in respectt^ ascertained

)f any tobacco or snuff, shall be ascertained at the quays or within the

vharfs as therein mentioned, and not elsewhere, shall be and warchoulc*,

he same is hereby repealed; and from and after the completion

Df the warehouse to be provided for tobacco and snuff under the

lireftions of this act, such last mentioned duties may and shall

)e ascertained under the direction of the of of

: ustoms and excise respectively for the time Being, either within

he walls of the warehouses provided for depoftting and lodging

'uch tobacco or snuff as aforesaid, or upon such of the quays or

wharfs in the said docks, and not elsewhere, and under such

orders, directions, and restrictions, as the said of

shall from time to time in that behalf direct or appoint.

II. And be it further enacted, That all the gates and doors Certain ware* of the said docks, and all the gates and doors of such of the said warehouses, qua)S, and wharfs, as shall be provided or appointed to blunder*

For the warehousing of or for the landing and ascertaining the the joint locks duties on tobacco, wine, rice, brandy, geneva, or other spirits; of thecom-wd alto all the gates and doors of all such of the said ware- Pany louses, quays, or wharfs as shall have'any goods or merchan- ofaljtoM* Jife depofued therein or thereon, subject or liable to any duties and cxCi(*. of customs or excise respectively, shall be under the joint locks of the said London dock company, and of the commissioners of his Majesty's customs and excise, both or either of them, as the case may require, or of their respective officers, and shall be locked and opened only in the joint presence of one or more of the officers of the said company, and of the said of

of

460 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. too.

[1804.

of customs and excise respectively employed for that purpose, and shall never, on any account or pretence whatlocvcr, be opened but in the joint presence of such officers; and the office or officers whole duty it shall be to attend the locking of ani opening of the said gates and doors respectivehr, shall and they are hereby required to lock up and open the same, or cause* procure the same to be locked up and opened in their pretext at the hours herein after mentioned for that purpose.

Times ap- Ill* And be it further enacted, That, from the twenty-6r4 pointed for day of March to the twenty-first day of September^ both inciufirc ftmttinlan<*n cvcry year> 8atcs °*docks, and the gates of feeb

gates, &c. of the said quays or wharfs as shall be provided for the landing

*- or lading of any such goods or merchandize as aforesaid, according to the directions of this act, shall be opened for bufinds at the hour*f fix in the morning, and continue open until the hour of fix in the afternoon, and shall be (hut at the hid hoar of fix in the afternoon, and continue so (hut until the hour of fix in the tnorhing; and from the twenty-second day of $q- tember to the first day of November^ both inclusive, and from the tenth day of February to the twentieth day of March^ both inclusive, in every year, the said gates shall be opened at the hour of (even of the clock in the morning, and so continue until the hour of five'in the afternoon, and so continue (hut until the hour of seven in the morning; and from the second day of vember to the ninth day of February, both inclusive, in ererr year, the said gates shall be opened at the hour of eight of the clock in the morning, and so continue until the hour of four in the afternoon, and shall be (hut at the said hour of four in the afternoon, and so continue (hut until the hour of eight in the morning; and during the period of such gates being (hut it aforesaid, no person mall be allowed to come in or go out of the said* docks, except through one wicket or final! gate (not exceeding the breadth of three feet, and the height of six feet six inches), which shall be provided for that purpose, and such wicket gate shall be wholly (hut at such hours as shall be attained by a table to be calculated, settled, and approved according to the provisions of this act, but so as that the same shall in no case be opened before daylight in the morning, or kept open after dark in the evening: provided also, that it shall not be lawful for the said company to permit any ships to comeiniow go out of the said docks at any other time than during the hour* lb appointed as aforesaid for the gates of the said docks being kept open for the purposes of business, nor to permit any ship or vessel to pass, or be removed from the basons of the faii docks into the river before daylight in the morning or after it shall be dark in the afternoon.

IV. Andy for preventing any disputes as to the prectft ptrltisf opening and /butting of the said wicket or smell gate as afmfaH be Table of it enacted, That the directors of the said company (nail, before houra for the opening of the said docks for the reception of ships and and going g00(*s> cause to bc made out a table of the precise hours and

6 times

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. too. 461

imcs in each month, or in each week of each month, at which out of the iich wicket or small gate shall be opened for the coming in and; oing out of any persons into or out of the said docks, together the company, virh such regulations in relation thereto as may feetn expedient, and approved nd shall submit such table and regulations to the inspelHon, by thetrea-pproyal, fanltion, and correction of the lord Jiigh-treasurer or furT-he of of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, in >rder to the securing the due and exalt observance of the provisions of this act in that respect; and it shall be lawful for the said lireltors from time to time, with the approbation of the lords, rommissioners of the treasury, to annul any such table or regu-ation, and to make any new tablesor regulations in lieu thereof, ubjed to such approbation and sanction as aforesaid; and the said directors shall cause copies of such tables and regulations to be hung up in conspicuous parts of the said docks for the information of all persons therein, and resorting thereto; and the said company and their successors shall at all times be responsible for any neglect or default of their officers and servants in the execution of Asch regulations.

V. And be it further enacted, That no holidays whatsoever No holidays shall be permitted or allowed to be observed and kept at the said docks, quays, wharfs, warehouses, or other works of the said day^Chriiu company, either by any officer or officers of or belonging to his mas-Day, Majesty's revenue, or by any officer or servant of the said com- Good-Friday, pany, or other person or persons whatsoever, except Sundays^? Qrijlmas-Days, and Gcod-Fridays, and any days which shall be ^wiags. appointed by his Majesty's proclamation for the purpose of a 6 general fast or thanksgiving, but that all business of the said company and relating to his Majesty's revenue, and all persons using the said docks, quays, wharfs, warehouses, or other works,

shall be carried on upon all holidays, except as before excepted, in the same manner as upon any other days in the year.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any goods or merchan- Company may dize, which shall be brought into the said dock on board of any land goods in ship or vessel, shall not be duly entered with the customs and of entry at the excise respectively, within seven days next after the Slip or vessel custom-house, importing the said goods or merchandize shall have been reported See, for (even at the custocn house, then and in every such case it shall be lawful d*y»-for such officer or officers of the company as>ihatt be appointed for that purpose by the dine&ars thereof, on thknext ensuing day, not being a- Sunday, Christma*-Day % or Good-Friday, or a day appointed by his Majesty's proclamation for the purpose of a general fast or thanksgiving, to cause such goods or merchandize to be forthwith landed and warehoused in the presence and under the joint locks of the officers of the customs and excise respectively, who are hereby authorised and directed to take a true and particular account of the quantity, quality, and species thereof; and in case the duties on fitch goods and merchandize shall not be paid and discharged within thirty days next after such report.as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said of of customs, /or the proper officer of excise, and they are hereby re-;

fpcltively

4&2 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 160. [1804.

spectively authorised and empowered to sell and dispose of fud goods or merchandize, or any part thereof to answer and satisff the duties thereon, rendering the overplus (if any) of themonir anting by the said sale, after payment of any rates, charges, oj expences, which may be due to the said company, to the prod prietor or proprietors, consignee or consignees, of such goods of merchandize: provided always, that if a price cannot be obtiind for such goods or merchandize equal to the full amount c( the duties of customs and excise thereon respectively, and tk# charges of the sale thereof, then and in such cases all such goods and merchandize shall be effectually destroyed, or otherwisebl (bid and disposed of in such manner and for such purposes, and under such rules, regulations, and reftfictions, as the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury shall from time to time direct, K*fees to he

VII. And be it further enacted, That no fee, perquisite, of company's rcwarc*» ofny denomination whatsoever, shall be taken, tf-l officers, or by cepted, or received by any officer or officers, servant or servants, j the revenue who shall or may be employed in the /ervice of the said Lmu I officers. dock company (other than the salary or wages that shall or mar1 be paid or allowed to such officer or officers, servant or ferants respectively, by the said company) $ nor shall any fee, perquititeor reward whatsoever be taken, accepted or received, by any officer or officers of his Majesty's customs, who shall or tnay attend; aft, or be employed in the discharge of any duty, office, or employment of his Majesty's customs, within the said docks, quays, warehouses, or other the premises of or belonging to the Aid company, for any service, aft, or duty which shall or may be done or performed within the same, touching or concerning any goods or merchandize that shall or may be imported and unladen therein 5 and that every person taking, accepting, or receiving any fee, perquisite, or reward contrary to this act, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay back the amount of the fee, perquisite, or reward so taken, accepted, or received, and ia addition thereto, any sum not exceeding one hundred pounds nor left than twenty pounds, to be recovered, levied, or mitigated and applied as any like penalty may be recovered, levied, mitigated or applied by any law or laws relating to customs or excise respectively; any thing in the said recited act, or any other law, statute, or usage, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That vetme officers nothing herein contained shall extend to deprive or prohibit ant of their lawful officer or officers of his Majesty's revenue from taking, accepting, fees on goods or receiving any fee, perquisite, or reward, which by law be now exported. or entitled to, for or in respect of any goods or mer-

chandize which shall or may be exported from the ford docks, quays, warehouses in the said recited act mentioned, and other premises, whether the same goods or merchandize shall or (hill'not have been previously imported* into and laden therein. Recited act

IX. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited act as requires thb said tonnage and dock duties in the Dfi!rmeii°of^act mentioned payable in respect of any ship or vessel to be m paid

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 160. 463

aid before the entry of such ships or vessels at the ctiftom-house, tonnage and nd also so much of the said recited act as appoints and directs dock duties, ny other time or times than are in this act specified for the pay-, ca 00 lent of the rates and duties on merchandize mentioned in the 6 ud aft, than the time or times in this act mentioned in that ehalf, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

X. And be it further enacted, That all the tonnage and dock Times^ap-nd other rates or duties, by the said recited act granted and npJ ayab!e to the said company, in respect of any ships, or of any of such rates, oods, wares, and merchandize respectively, shall in every case

e payable and paid as follows; that is to say, the said tonage and dock duties shall be payable and paid within one alendar month next after the ship or vessel shall enter the dock, r before leaving the same (whichever shall first happen); and be said rates and duties on merchandize shall be payable and aid within one calendar month next after the cargo of the espective ship or vessel importing the same shall have been com-iletely discharged or unloacted, or in case such goods, wares, or nerchandize shall be removed from the quays or warehouses of he said company before the expiration of one calendar month, hen the said rates and duties shall be payable and paid in respect if the same, previous to such removal thereof; and in case default shall be made in payment of the said rates or duties or any of hem for the space of two calendar months next after the expira-ion of such one calendar month as last aforesaid, it shall be law-ul for the said directors to fell or cause to be sold all or any part )f such goods, Wares, and merchandize, and out of the monies hence arising to retain and pay all the rates and duties which shall be payable to the said company in respect of such ship,

; ood$, wares, and merchandize, and all charges and expences of naking such sale, returning the overplus (if any) of the monies irifing by the said sale, and such of the said goods, wares, and nerchandize as shall remain unfold, to the person or persons who shall be entitled thereto.

XI. And whereas by the said recited act provision is made for making compensation to the owners and occupiers of legal guaysj suffer-net wharf i, warehouses, docks and other tenements and hereditaments, nd to tackle-house porters, ticket porters, owners of lighters and crafts nd free carmen of the city of London, or other person or persons nterejled in or employed upon the hufiness thereof reffectively: and uhtreas injury, loss, or damage may accrue to wine coopers and other oopers and vintner porters, by means of certain provisions of the said

ft and this present be it therefore further enacted, That the Compensation rovision made in and by the said recited act, for making com- ^COOPW, enfation to the several descriptions of persons before mentioned, n respect of the injury, loss, of damage they may suffer or sustain >y the works therein mentioned, shall, and the same is hereby declared and enacted to extend to such wine coopers and other oopers and vintner porters, who shall or may prove that they lave suffered or sustained any injury, loss, or damage, in the fair nd legal employment as wine coopers or other coopers or vintner

464 Anno

Warehouse tent, after the rate of 4s. per fcogfhead, &c. to be paid for tobacco warehoused.

Wharfage of tobacco or snuff to be paid as here* tofore.

Officers may

go on board, and remain in tobacco shipi within the port of London. and take account of the tobacco, and seize it if forfeited, lee.}

regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. too.

[1804.

ner porters, by means of the same works or the provisions of this present act, or by means of any rules or regulations to be made by the said directors of the said company,

XII. And be it further enacted, That for and in respect of 211} tobacco which shall be deposited, lodged^ or secur^d in any ware* house, provided or to be provided within the said dock, for the purpose of warehousing of tobacco, there shall be paid to the proper officer of the customs, a rent or sum of four shillings fa each and every hogshead, cask, chest, or case of tobacco, which shall be deposited or lodged in any such warehouse; that is to lay, two shillings by the importer, proprietor, or consignee, fa each and every such hogshead, caflc, died, or case of tobacco, Immediately at and upon depositing the lame in any such ware* house, and the further sum of two shillings by the proprietor or exporter before the same shall be taken from or delivered out of any such warehouse, either for home consumption or exportation; and in case of neglect or refusal to pay the said rent or either of the said sums of two shillings respectively at the times and in the manner before mentioned, then and in such case such tobacco shall and may be destroyed or otherwise disposed of or fold, in like manner as any other goods or merchandize may be destroyed or otherwise disposed of or fold under the directions of the lords-commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or any three of them: provided always, that nothing in this act shall extend, or be con-(trued to extend, to charge the said sum of four shillings for or in respect of any tobacco which shall have been removed from any other warehouse under the direction of the of cf customs and excisej and all such sums of money so paid as aforesaid shall be paid into the exchequer, as part of the consolidated duties of customs.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said company to charge or receive any greater sum ot money for the wharfage of any tobacco or snuff which may be deposited or lodged in or delivered out of the said warehouse than is now charged and paid for wharfage of the like goods when landed at or shipped from any other legal wharf or quay; any thing in this or any other act of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And whereas it is by the said act direfiedy that iurir % $ certain periodall ships laden with tobacco, and arriving in the psrtij London for discharge, shall unlade the whole of their cargoes svidv the said docks; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful (or any officer or officers of excise to go on board and remain in any ship or vessel whatsoever within the limits*of the port of Lmss, and to search for any tobacco or snuff that shall be laden on board, or imported therein, or which shall be shipped or put on board any such ship or vessel to be exported, and to take account of all such tobacco and snuff respectively, and to feisc all such tobacco and snuff there found as by the laws thereunto relating shall be forfeited, together with the hogsheads, calks, cherts, cases, and other packages containing the same, and also such ship or vtiTel,

if

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 100. 465

if the same shall be forfeited for or on account of such tobacco or snuff j and if any person or persons shall assault, molest, obstruct, oppose, or hinder any such officer or officers of excise from going on board or remaining in any such ship or vessel, or examining or searching the same, or in seizing any such tobacco or snuff, or ship or vessel as aforesaid, every person so offending shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds, to be recovered and applied as any like penalty may be recovered and applied by any law or laws relating to the duties of excise: provided always, that nothing therein contained shall but not to go extend, or be construed to extend, to authorise or empower any on hoard vef-excise officer to gq or remain on board of any ship or vessel in the India docks belonging to the ffe/l-India dock company, during the doeks while time that the gates of the said docks are required to be locked, the gates are by an act* made in the forty-second year of the reign of his required to be present Majesty. locked.

XV. And whereas the obtaining of permits for the removal of[ample* of tobacco taken under the directions of an act made in the twenty-ninth ye Qr of the reign of his present Majesty^ intituled An act* for repealing the duties on tobacco and snuff, and for granting new duties in lieu thereof, is attended with trouble and inconvenience \ be it therefore enacted, That when and so soon as any sample of ?e£u*auj-on8.tobacco imported into the port of London shall be drawnor taken, the same shall be well and effectually secured with packthread, removing and a parchment label affixed thereon, in the presence of the samples of proper officers of the customs and excise, on which label shall be tobacco, written, by the person or persons applying for or drawing such sample, the plantation mark, together with the manifest, number, weight, and tare of the hogshead, cask, chest, or case, from or out of which the same shall be taken, and also the landing.mark and number thereof, and the day and year on which the same was drawn or taken; and each such label shall be signed by the officers of customs and excise, who shall attend the drawing or talcing and the making up of such sample, and that no sample or samples of tobacco so drawn or taken and made up, and to which any such label as aforesaid shall be affixed, shall be liable to forfeiture for being removed without permit; any thing in this or any other act or acts to the contrary, in anywise notwithstanding: provided always, nevertheless, that the package containing any such sample or samples of tobacco shall be marked on the outside id large legible characters, with the words Samples of Tobacco: and provided also, that no such sample or samples of tobacco shall be removed, unless at such times as herein after mentionedj that is to say, from the twenyt-ninth day of September to the twenty*fifth day of March in each year, between the hours of seven in the morning and five in the evening, and from the twenty-fifth day of March to the twenty-ninth day of September in each year, between the hours of five in the morning and seven in the evening, except the same is or are removing or carrying by a known common stage coach, waggon, or other stage carriage which usually travels out of those hours, or by Vol. XLV. H h water

466 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 100. [1804.

water by a ship, vessel* or boat usually navigated in the fair course of trade out of those hours.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall take any such label as aforesaid from or off the particular (ample of tobacco to which the same was originally affixed, and shall affix the same to any other tobacco whatever, every person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds, together with all such tobacco to which any such label so taken off or from the original (ample shall be affixed, contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, to be recovered, levied, or mitigated and applied as an/ like penalty may be recovered, levied, mitigated, and applied by any law or laws relating to custocns or excise respectively; any thing in the said recited act, or any other law, statute, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding,

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for remove18 l^e c°mi(&o&ers>f customs, and they are hereby authorised

tobacco from and required, as soon after the passing of this a & as they (half onew trehouse deem it expedient, to direfi any tobacco or snuff lodged in any to another, warehouse to be removed to the warehouses provided and appointed for tobacco and (huff in the said dock: provided always, that the same shall be done free of expence to the owners or proprietors of such tobacco or snuff.

Indemnity for

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any goodsor damage to merchandize that shall be deposited or placed in any warehouse goods ware- under the provisions of this act shall, during the continuance of housed» such gO0(jg^merchandize in any such warehouse, sustain any damage or injury by reason of any defect in such warehouse, or for any want of due care in or for any other default of the said company, or their servants or agents, for which the proprietors or owner or configuee of such goods or merchandize would by law be entitled to recover and receive any compensation for such damage or injury, no such compensation Avail, after the passing of this act, be recoverable against the commissioners of, customs, or any officer of the revenue; but such compensation.shall be recoverable against and from the directors of the said London dock company, in like manner in every respect as every compensation can or may by law be recoverable in like cases by any proprietor, owner, or consignee of any goods or roerchan* dize for any damage or injury thereto.

P°^er* of

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all such or so much of extended to Powers» authorities, provisions, regulations, directions, pe-this act. nalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things whatsoever contained in any act relating tp any tobacco or snuff imported into or exported from Great Britain, as applicable to the purposes of this act, and not hereby repealed, altered, or otherwise provided for or rendered unnecessary, shall extend and be construed to extend to all tobacco and snuff brought into and landed or warc-housed in or laden from the said docks, quays, wharfs, or wart-houses, and shall operate and be in force in respect thereto as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same

Penalty for taking off labels from Canopies, and affixing them to other tobacco.

Commission*

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 100. 467

powers, authorities, provisions, regulations, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauset, matters, and things were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in case any goods or Goodi, other merchandize, other than tobacco and fmuff, shall at any time be and Vnuff CC° landed at or upon the wharf or quay within the said dock which, fended on the had been or may from time to rime be appropriated for the land- tobacco

ing of tobacco and (miff, unless with Kcence in that behalf wharf subject granted by the coiBnaifftoness of his Majesty's customs or exciset0or clturc# respectively, all such goods and merchandize which shall be so landed shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by tnjr officer or officers of the customs or excise*

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the several rules, re-Provisions of

gulations, restrictions, powers, provisions, clauses, matters, and law#

things, whether relating to the taking of bond or securitj, or excise#not otherwise, provided or enacted by any law or laws of customs or to be altered, excise, in force at or immediately before the passing of this act,

whether in* relation to the importation or exportation, ware* housing, or landing of any goods or merchandize chargeable with duties of excise as aforesaid, or for the better ascertaining or securing those duties, not being expressly revoked, altered, otf controuled by this act, os repugnant to any of the provisions herein contained, shall remain and continue in as full force and effect as if this a ft had not been made; any tiling herein contained to the contrary norwithstandfog*

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the harbour master Harbour mat or harbour matters for the time being of the port of London, anc^2ters to the dock master and dock matters for the time being of the said observe the dock company, shall, in executing the powers by law vetted in directions of them respectively, always observe, comply with, and use their 9 Geo. 3. best endeavours to enforce the regulations and directions con* c*480 tained in the act of parliament of the nineteenth year of the

reign of his present Majesty, for preventing matters of ships removing their vessels which shall have come from or shall be bound to foreign parts, out of the stream, except to the lawful quays in (he port of London, before the goods are discharged or their vessels are cleared by the proper officers, inwards or outwards, so far as the lame regulations and directions shall not ob» strust, molest, or interfere with the free use and enjoyment of the said dock and the bason and other works which shall belong thereto respectively.

XXIII. And whereas it has been and may become necessary, that the directors of the said companies, on behalf of the said company, and the secretary to the of of customs^ and the secretAry of the commissionen of excise, on behalf of his Majesty respectively^ should enter into contrails and agreements in relation to the providing ware* houses for tobacco, or other articles to be warehoused in the said docks; and it is expedient that all such contrails Jo madey should be made valid end effectual and binding on the persons making the famey and also on the[uccessors of such personi respectively; be it therefore enacted, That Confirmtag all such conuafts heretofore made, or that may hereafter be made agreeaenle

H H 2 by between di*

468 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. tot.

[1804. re&ors and by any of the directors of the said company, or by the present fe-^customa^ cretary to commissioners of customs, or by the present fecre-and excise^in tary to the commissioners of excise, or any succeeding secretary relation to of customs or of excise respectively, with the approbation of the watthouses. of of customs and excise, as the case may require, and of the lords of of his Majesty's treasury, shall be and are hereby declared to be valid and effectual, and binding in law and equity* on the persons respectively entering into the same, and all'o on the successors of the directors entering into and Snaking the same* and on the said company, and also on the respective secretartes Of the said of respectively far the time being on behalf of his Majesty, to all intents and purposes whatever; and the covenants and agreements contained in any such agreement shall and may be enforced and put in execution by and against the successors of such persons for the time being, according to the true intent and meaning of such agreements, as fully and effectually as if new covenants and agreements had been or were from time to time made for that purpose by any such persons; any law or laws to the contrary notwithstanding. Publick act, XXIV, And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick act, and shall be taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and -other persons, without being specially pleaded.

CAP. CL

An act for permitting, until the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and seveny the exportation of salt from the port ^Nassau in the Island £/*New Providence, the port rf Exuma, and the port of Crooked Istand, in the Bahama Islands, in ships belonging to the Inhabitants of the United States of America, and coming in ballajl, — [July 28, 1804.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to give due encouragement ts the making of folt in all parts of the Bahama Islands, in the same manner as the making of salt has been encouraged in T urks Islands, by the provisions of an act passed in the twenty-eighth year of 28 G 1 c. 6, ret&n of Present Majesty, intituled An act for regulating the trade between the subjects of his Majesty's colon:$and plantations in North America and in the West India Islands, and the countries belonging to the United States of America, and between his Majesty's said subjects and the foreign islands in the West Indies \ be it therefore enacted by the King's melt excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par* Vessels of the liament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, United States from and after the first day of August one thousand eight hun-

bBUiS^mav ^re(* an<* ^our> an<* unt*August one thousand

enter the eight hundred and sevenx it shall and may be lawful for any ship port* of 7 or vessel belonging to the inhabitants of the said United States of Mflfau, America, coming in ballast, and not otherwise, to enter the port

xurna, and of^jfQU in the Island of New Providence, the port of Exmnaf and

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 102. 469

and the port of Crooked Island, ports in the before-mentioned Crook 1/lands, for the purpose or being the re laden with salt, and so* no other purpose whatever; and subject to the duties, Prvi-bein^aden ° lions, regulations, and restrictions in the said act contained withTalt. respecting ships and vessels coming for the same purpose to Turks Islands.

CAP. CII.

An act for the more effectual bdminiflration of justice in those parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England and Ireland, by the issuing of writs of Habeas Corpus (ad testificandum, in certain cases — [July 20, 1804.]

WHEREAS it is expedientj for the more effectualadministration of justice in those parts of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England and Ireland, that further provisions should be made for the issuing of writs of Habeas Corpus ad testiheandutn, in certain cases: be it therefore enacted and declared by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this act, it shall Any judge of be lawful for any judge of his Majesty's courts of King's Bench or the King's Common Pleas of England and Ireland respectively, or any baron Bench, &c. of his Majesty's court of exchequer of the degree of the coif in England, or any baron of his Majesty's court of exchequer in Habeas*Ireland, or any justice of oyer and terminer or gaol delivery, Corpus being such judge or baron as aforesaid, at his discretion, to for bringing award a writ or writs of Habeas Corpus, for bringing any pri- ^JcMurUto foner or prisoners detained in any gaol or pri Ton before any of^examined the said courts, or any fitting of niftprius, or before any other as witnesses, court of record in the said parts of the said united kingdom, to be there examined as a witness or witnesses, and to testify the truth before such courts, or any grand, petit, or other jury, ' in any cause or causes, matter or matters, civil or criminal, whatsoever, which now are or hereafter shall be depending, or to be inquired into ot determined in any of the said courts.

II. And be it further enacted, That every justice of great Justices of session in Wales and in the county palatine of Chester^ shall fe{fi°ns have the like authority within the limits of his jurisdiction. to havetbe

CAP. CIII.

An act for making further regulations for the better collection and security of his Majesty's revenue of customs and excise in Ireland, and for preventing frauds therein* — [July 28, 1804.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make further regulations for the better collection and security of his Majesty's revenue of customs and excise in Ireland, and for preventing frauds therein, be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spirkual and

temporal*

470 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 103. [1804.

temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflemUed, Mode of and by the authority of the same, ' That, from and after the twenty-ninth day of September om thousand eight hundred and oiAiifers. four, in lieu and instead of the charges now required by law to be made in the cases herein after mentioned, any of the officers of excise taking or keeping an account of waft, pot ale, and low wines of any distiller, shall, upon any decrease of wash made from corn, charge such distiller with so much Anglings or low wines, being the first extraction of wash made from corn, as one-third part of the said wash so decreased shall amount unto; and also with so much doublings or spirits of the second exfraction, as two-fifib parts of the said Anglings or low wines so charged as aforesaid shall amount unto, and shall charge such distiller with duty for such quantity of spirits accordingly; and th t when any (fill shall be charged with pot ale or warn made from corn, such officer shall in like manner charge the distiller with so much Anglings Or low wines, as one-third part of the quantity which such (till shall be capable of containing shall amount unto; and also with so much doublings or spirits of the second extraction, as two-fifth parts of the said Anglings or low wines so charged as aforesaid shall amount unto; and shall charge such distiller with the duty for such quantity of spirits accordingly, deducting in the said last mentioned case one-twelfth part of the quantity which such (till shall be capable of containing, for liberty for such (till to work; and the officers of excise making returns of the quantities of spirits diililled by any distiller, and of the duties thereon, shall make such returns accordingly, and the distiller shall pay the duties so charged and returned, in like manner as is required by law with respect to the charges, returns, and payment of duties under any act or a&6 in force before the passing of this act.

Proportion of j[, ^n(j; t further enacted, That, from and after the said Rill?touts' twenty-ninth day of September, no brazier or other person altitude. dealing in brass, copper, tin, or other manufactured metal, shall make, or have in his possession, nor shall any distiller or distillers have, keep, or make use of any still, the diameter of which shall exceed the altitude thereof, in a greater proportion than three inches of such diameter to one inch of such altitude, such diameter to be taken in the widest part thereof, and such altitqde to be taken in a perpendicular line from the centre of the mouth of the body of the still to the centre of the bottom thereof; and if any brazier or other person dealing in brass, copper, tin, or other manuftdlured metal, shall, from and after Penalty for twenty-ninth day of September, make, or have in his

exceeding the possession, and if any distiller, after the said twenty-ninth day of

proportion. September, shall have, keep, or make use of any still, the dimen-

fions of the respective diameters whereof shall exceed theresper-tive proportions hereinbefore mentioned, every such ftift shall be forfeited, and shall and may he seized by s*ny officer or officers of excise; and the person or persons making, keeping, or using the same, or having the same in his, her, or their

poHcfiion,

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 103. 471

possession, shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds,

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Charge on twenty-ninth day of September, all and every distiller and^1*

di (tillers of spirits in Ireland shall be charged with and shall pay excise, in respect of each and every still belonging to such distiller or distillers, for the respective number of charges of low wines herein after respectively mentioned, for twenty-five working days next after the day on which each and every such still respectively shall from time to time be unlocked or set to Work pursuant to law; that is to fey, for each and every still of three thousand gallons content or upwards, for twenty-five charges of low wines for twenty^five working days; for each and every still under three thousand gallons content, and not less than two thousand five hundred gallons content, fot twenty-six charges of low wines for twenty-five working days; for each and every still under two thousand five hundred gallons content, and not less than two thousand gallons content, for twenty-seven charges of low wines for twenty-five working days; for each and every still under two thousand gallons content, and not less than one thousand five hundred gallons content, for twenty-eight charges of low wines for twenty-five working days; for each and every still under one thousand five hundred gallons content, and not less than one thousand gallons content, for thirty charges of low wines for twenty-five working^days; for each and every still under one thousand gallons content, and not less than five hundred gallons content, for thirty-four charges of low wines for twenty-five working days; for each and every still under five hundred gallons content, and not less than two hundred gallons content, for forty-three charges of low wines for twenty-five working days; and shall also be charged with and pay excise for as much more pot ale, wash, low wines, Anglings, or spirits, after the rate required by law, as he or she shall distil within such twenty-five working days and every subsequent day, over and above the respective quantities aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no distiller shall keep or Distillers shall have in his possession any greater number of worms of stills than keep no more the number of stills which he or she have been licensed to J'J8^keep, nor shall use in distilling of spirits any greater number of

worms than one worm with any one still, without the consent of the commissioners of excise first obtained in writing under their hands for that purpose; and if any greater number of worms of stills shall be found in the distillery of or in any other place belonging to or occupied by any distiller, than the number of stills which such distiller shall be licensed or allowed as aforesaid to keep; every such worm of a still so found, and also every still with which more than one worm shall be used, or to which there shall be more than one arm, shall be forfeited and seized; and the distiller in whose possession any such worm or worms or still shall be found, shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds.

XT A —

47a Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 103. [1804.

Time for delivery of Spirits.

Distillm shall not be factors.

Provisions of act 40 G. 3, extended to this

Sale of peri (liable goods seized.

V. And be it further enacted, That no distiller shall deliver or carry out any spirits to any person or persons, without notice first given to the officer of excise for the piace or district where such distiller shall live, to the intent that such officer may be present to fee and gauge such spirits unless between sun-rise and sun-set, upon pain that every difliller doing contrary hereunto shall forfeit and pay for every offence the sum of twenty pounds, and all such spirits shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the excise.

VI. And be it further enacted, ^That no distiller shall be licensed to fell or deal in home-made spirits or foreign spirits on commission or otherwise; and that no distiller shall deal in or fell any spirits by commission or otherwise, except such spirits as shall have been distilled in some distillery of his own, duly entered; and if any such distiller shall fell or deal in any homemade or foreign spirits by commission or otherwise, contrary to this a such distiller shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the powers, provisions, rules, regulations, penalties, forfeitures matters, and things contained ip an act of parliament of Ireland, made in the fortieth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled,

An act for regulating the trade* of a distiller, and for securing the duties payable on home-made spirits, or in any act or acts for continuing or amending the same, or in any other a & or acts for collecting, regulating, or securing his Majesty's revenue of excise in Ireland, and in force at the time of the passing of this j act, except in so far only as the same are varied or altered by the provisions of this act, shall be applied in the execution of this act, as fully and e(Fe61ually, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in this a£h

VIII. And be it furthef enacted, That all periftutye goods which shall be seized by any of the officers of his Majesty's revenue, or other person or persons, shall and may be sold at any time after the seizure thereof, with the consent of the owner or proprietor thereof, by order of the chief of of customs or excise, or any one or more of them, or by order of the collector or other chief officer for the time being of his Majesty's revenue for the distrieft in which such goods shall be seized (except the colleger of Dublin city excise, and the collectors of the port of Dublin and county of Dublin), and the produce arising by and from such sale shall be accounted for and paid to such person or persons respectively as shall be by law entitled thereto, within one week after the time limited by law for appealing from any judgement or proceeding, whereby such goods shall be condemned or acquitted, shall have elapsed, or in case of any appeal within one week after the determination of such appeal; and the produce arising by and from such sale, after deducing the duty due and payable to his Majesty on such goods, being paid to the person or persons entitled thereto, shall be in full satisfaction of the goods so seized.

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 103. 473

IX. And, to obviate the inconveniences which may arise to the publick by the absence of the collectors of the revenue in Ireland from their respective districts, be it enacted, That it shall and may be Collectors lawful for the Several collectors of his Majesty's revenue of may (wear t cu (loros and excise in Ireland, to make oath of the truth oft0 th*r their respective accounts, before any magistrate or justice of the accoun 8* peace, within the cities or counties where such collectors shall respectively reside; any law or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And whereas it has been deemed expedient to change the mode of collecting the revenue arising from licences for the file of spirituous liquors, wine, beer, or ale in Ireland, by imposing astamp duty on such licences; be it therefore enacted, That all clauses, directions, Collectors of and provisions, contained in any act or acts in force in Irelandcx^ife may at the time of the passing of this act, whereby the collectors of receive li-excise in Ireland arc empowered to receive the duty on such cence licences, or to give any receipt for the same, or to receive or retain any fee, payment, allowance, or sum or Turns of money on account of such licence or of the duty payable thereon, or as directs or requires any such receipt to be indorsed on any certificate required by the said recited acts, or any of them, shall be and the same are hereby repealed, so far as the same relate to licences for the sale of spirituous liquors, wine, beer, or ale, to be of force in Ireland after the twenty eighth day of September one thousand eight hundred and four.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the (lamps required for Clerks of such licences, under an a£\ passed in this present session of par- peace shall liament, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty certain stamp ffr0Tidcfor duties in Ireland, shall be from time to time found and provided dccuck. by the clerks of the peace for the several counties, counties of

cities, and counties of towns in Ireland, or by the persons applying for such licences; and such clerks of the peace shall be entitled to receive, from the person or persons applying for such

licences, the amount of such stamp duty, in addition to all such other sum or sums of money as they are entitled to receive

under or by virtue of any act or acts in force in Ireland, relating

10 such licences, and that the payment of the said stamp duties

by the person or persons applying for such licences shall be in

lieu and full satisfaction of all duties payable by law under any

act or acts in force in Ireland, except the duties payable to the

superintendant magistrate of the city of Dublin; and a licence

granted on vellum, parchment, or paper, duly stamped, with the sum required by law for the purpose, shall be as valid to

all intents and purposes, and shall and may be given by the clerk of the peace, as if the collector had indorsed thereon his

receipt of the duty payable for the same.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any clerk of Penalty on the peace shall grant or issue any licence for the sale of clerks of spirituous liquors, wine, beer, or ale, by retail, which shall be lflruing written or printed on undamped parchment or paper, or parchment or paper not duly stamped, every such clerk of

474 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. to$.

[1804.

the peace shall for every offence forfeit and pay the fa of one hundred pounds, to be recovered by any person who wilt sue for the same, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, m any of his Majesty's courts of record in Dublin* and if upon pny such action or information a verdict shall be given and judgement entered thereon against the defendant, (belt clerk of the peace shall forfeit his office, and be for ever difaHed from being again appointed thereto. madlTof h-

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the clerks of the peace cences iflvied. fever*' counties, counties of cities, and counties of towns

in Ireland* tuall, and they are hereby directed and required, within one month after the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and four, and so annually within one*month after the twenty-nrintli day of September in each and every subsequent year, to make out and transtnit to the commissioners of excise in Dublin, a list containing the number of aM such licences as shall have been granted by them respectively, previously to the said twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and four, and previous to the twenty-ninth day of September in each and every subsequent year, which lift shall contain a true account of the number of all licences so granted previous to such twenty-ninth day of September, and also the names of the persons to whom such licences were granted rc-speAively, and the place where the same are granted for, and the names, descriptions, and places of abode of the foreties for each such person, and the amount of the stamp duty paid thereon'respectively; and if any such clerk of the peace shall refuse or neglect to make out and transtnit such lifts, or shall make cr transmit any false or untrue lift, he shall for every offence forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered by any person who shall foe for the same, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record in Dublin.

Clerks of

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no clerk of the peace peace not to shall be entitled to, nor shall a(k, demand, or receive any fee, demand ad- payment, qr gratuity whatever, for the providing of the bid 11 n ces. pampS> of for^making or transmitting of such lifts, or for the granting of such licences, other than such fees as he is entitled unto under any act in force in Ireland before die passing of this act; and if any such clerk of the peace shall ask, demand, or receive any other or further fee, payment, or gratuity for the same, direct, or indireAIy, he shall for every offence forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered by any person who will foe for the same, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record ia Dublin.

XV. And whereat* in consequence of the alteration in the mode ef collecting the duty on such licences* the c Metiers of excise in the fever el dislrifis will lose the fees and sums of money heretofore payable to Compensation them thereon; be it therefore enacted, That during such rime as AWT thevcral pwfoos, now holding the office of colic Aors of rhe*1. excise

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 103* 475

xcise in their respective distridVs in Ireland, shall continue to

told and enjoy the same, it shall and may be lawful for the

ommissioners of excise to pay to such collegers respectively, or

>y an order under the hands of such commissioners to allow such

: olledors to dedud and retain, out of any money in their bands,

uch sum and Aims of money as shall appear to the said cord-

nissioners, in consequence of the returns herein required to be

tiade by the several clerks of the peace in manner aforesaid, to

je equal to the Aim or Aims of money which such collectors

would respectively have been legally entitled to haye received,

on the granting of all such licences within their respective

distridVs, in case the duty on such licences had been continued

to be paid to such collectors in manner diredVed by any act or

ifts relative to such licences in force in Ireland before the patting

of this adh

XVI. And whereas by the said recited act of this prfent session of parliament, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty certain stamp duties in Ireland, certain stamp duties are imposed on permits relative to exciseable goods, and the certificates thereof required

by law\ be it therefore enacted, That all such stamp duties shall Stamp duties

be paid by the persons requiring and taking such permits and to he pud by

certificates respectively, at the time of their taking or receiving

such permits and certificates; and that all permits and certificates fane. 8

not duly stamped shall be actually void, and shall not protect

any goods, wares, or merchandize mentioned therein; and that

it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's

revenue in Ireland> and they are hereby authorised and required

to provide permits and certificates duly stamped, and to make such rules and regulations for the payment of the (Vamp duty

thereon, by the person or persons requiring and receiving the same, as to such of shall from time to time seem

expedient.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Importing first day of August one thousand eight hundred and four, it shall merchant*, not be lawful for any importing merchant in any port in Ireland, c^tiflcatwfor to give any certificate for any foreign wine, which such im-removal of porting merchant shall fell to persons residing within the same wine.

port or place where such merchants have imported such wine, nor shall any such certificate have any force or effedV to protedfc such wine within such port or place, or to prevent the necelfity of a permit for the removal of such wine within such port or place, any thing in an adV, made in the parliament of Ireland in the fortieth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for better regulating the issuing and granting of permits and certi-fates for the conveyance and protection of certain exciseable goods therein mentioned, and to prevent frauds by dealers in or retailers of such goods, or any other act or acts in force in Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding,

XVIII. And, for the encouragement of officers of the revenue and

others in the performance of their duty, be it enacted, That in all Officers

cases when any officer of the revenue, or any seaman employed wounded tobe 1 J J: n rewarded, See.

476 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 103. [1804.

in the service of the customs or excise in Inland, shall be killed* maimed, or wounded in the execution of his office or duty, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's revenue in Ireland, or for the of of customs or excise respectively, as the case may require, to make such provision for such revenue officers, and for such seamen so maimed and wounded, or for the widows and families of such as shall be

kilied, as they shall be authorised and empowered to do by warrant from the lord high treasurer, or from the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury of Ireland for the time being.

Officers ap-

XIJl. And be it further enacted, That whenever it (ha!

Salt may be landed on bond.

pointed shall happen that any officer of the customs or excise in Ireland shall be considered be appointed or directed by the of of customs or ayhe proper excise to do, perform, or execute any business or duty in matter* officers. relating to' the customs or excise, the officer so appointed or directed shall, to all intents and purposes, be held and considered to be the proper officer for the purposes for which he was so appointed or directed; and that in any matter or suit relating to the duty performed by the officer so appointed or directed, all books and papers of such officer so appointed or directed, shall, to all intents and purposes, be deemed and taken to be, and shall be read and admitted in evidence as the books and papers of the proper officer.

XX. And whereas it is expedient to permit the landing of fit ii Ireland for the purpose of warthoufing the same, in manner bertin* after mentioned; be it therefore enacted, That any foreign bit, or any salt of the produce or manufacture of Great Britain, which shall be duly and fairly imported into Ireland, in any quantity not left than fifty bushels, upon due entry thereof, may forthwith, and before payment of all or any part of the duty payable on the importation thereof, by any act or acts in force in Ireland, be landed at such ports or places in Ireland, as the of of customs in Ireland may from time to time direct and allow', in the presence of the proper officer of the customs at such port, from on board the ship or vessel in which the same shall be imported, any thing in an act made in the parliament of Ireland in the fortieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for better regulating of his Majesty's revenue, and for preventing of frauds therein, to the contrary notwithstanding; and that such salt so landed for the purpose of ware-housing shall be weighed and carried and put into his Majesty's warehouse, or into such other import warehouse, storehouse, or cellar, as shall be for that purpose provided, and shall be approved by the said of of customs, or by the collector and port surveyor at the port, at the expence of the respeCbire proprietors or importers of such salt, and under such rules and regulations as the said of of ^ustoms shall direct and appoint} and that the proprietor or proprietors, or importer or importers of such salt, shall give good and sufficient bond or security, to be also approved of by the ikid of at customs, or by the collector and comptroller of the port, in

doubit

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 103'. 477

ouble the amount of the duty payable by law on the impor-ation of any such salt, conditioned for the payment of all such iuty as shalf be payable on all such salt at the time of taking he same out of warehouse, before fuel) salt shall be taken out of varehousej in case the same shall be so taken out within twelve ralendar months, or in case such salt shall not be so taken out of warehouse within such twelve calendar months, then for the )ayment of such duty at the expiration of such twelve calendar nonths, which duties shall be charged according to the quantity t>f such salt, as the same shall be ascertained by the proper officer at the time when such salt shall be landed and warehoused as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no such salt shall be Notice to be put into or delivered out of any such warehouse, storehouse, or^cellar, in any less quantity at one time than fifty bushels; and ancj lodging when and so often as the importer or importers, or proprietor Galt, or proprietors of such salt, shall be desirous of or have occasion to put any such salt into, or to take or deliver the same out of any such warehouse, storehouse, or cellar, he, she, or they shall give twelve hours previous notice thereof in writing to the (lore-keeper or other proper officer, specifying in such notice the day, and hour of the day, when he, she, or they intends or intend to lodge or put any such salt into, or to take or deliver the same out of any such warehouse, storehouse, or cellar, and the quantity of salt intended to be put into or delivered out of the same; and such storekeeper or other officer is hereby authorised and required to attend, in pursuance of every such notice, for the purpose of receiving or delivering and taking account of the quantity of such salt accordingly,

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any person so Salt may be warehousing such salt shall desire to take the same out of ware- coa* house for home consumption before xh< expiration of twelve fumption." calendar months after the same shall have been so warehoused,

it shall and may be lawful for him so to do, on paying to the collector of the port the full amount of the duty payable on the importation of such salt, according to the quantity of such salt, as the same shall have been ascertained at the time of its being warehoused; and, upon the production of the collector's receipt'for such duty to the storekeeper, it shall be lawful for him to discharge the said salt, and to deliver the same to the owner thereof or to his order, under such restrictions and regulations as the said commissioness of customs may from time to time order, direct, and appoint.

XXIII. And whereas it is expedient to allow such salt to be taken from and out of such warehouse^ storehouse^ or cellar, at certain ports in Ireland, to be exported to Newfoundland, /^ the purpose herein after mentioned, be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be Salt may be lawful to or for any person or persons, within twelve months token out of after the importation and landing of such salt, to take, free of^rtainporta, duty, for the purpose of immediately exporting the same, in any and exported ship or vessel not of lefr burthen than forty tons, to Nnu* to Newfound-

478 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 103; [1804.

foundlandy for curing fi{h to be there caught, any quantity not lets than'fifty buffieh-at a time of such salt, from and out of any such warehouse, storehouse, or cellar, at the ports of Waterford, Rofsy Cork % and Limerick, upon the person or persons (o taking out such salt first giving the like bond or security, as by an act, made in the parliament of Ireland in the fortieth year of his present Majesty's reign, for better regulating the collection of his Majesty's revenue, and for preventing of frauds therein, is required and directed to be taken for or in respect of salt, the produce or manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland, delivered for exportation, and the giving or entering into such bond or security, together with the exportation of such fak to Newfoundland as aforesaid, shall vacate the former bond or security for payment of the duties on the importation of such fair, so far as such last mentioned bond or security relates to such duty, for or in respect of the quantity of such fah so taken out of such warehouse, storehouse, or cellar, and exported to Newfoundland as aforesaid: provided always, that such last mentioned bond shall be and remain in full force and tffe& as to all the felt'specified therein, or to which the same shall relate, except the particular quantity or quantities thereof so taken out and exported to Newfoundland as aforesaid*

Salt maybe

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be tranihipped lawful for any person or persons importing salt in any vesselSSinCport#n arr*v*n6n tnc harbours of Waterford, Refs, Cork, or Limerick, for the tike*a^tcr invoice and entry of the same, and within twenty-one days after the arrival of such (alt at such port, and with the consent of the said rommissioners of the custotns, and under such regulations and restrictions as the said commissioners of the customs shall direct and appoint, to tranship such salt or any part thereof, in the presence of the officer or officers to be appointed for that purpose, without landing or warehousing the same, and without payment of any duty on the importation thereof, and to lade the same in the presence of any such officer or officers on board any ship or vessel clearing put from the said ports for the Newfoundland fishery: provided always, that the person or persons so transtiipping such salt shall, before commencing the transhipment thereof, give bond for the due exportation thereof to Newfoundland, in like manner as is hereinbefore directed with respect to salt which shall have been ware-housed and taken out of warehouse for exportation to Newfoundland.

XXV. And, for securing the duty on wood imported into Ireland,

________ be it further enacted, That every importer or proprietor of

duty on wood wood so imported and subject to duty by the load of fifty cubic imported* feet, or by the ton, shall give twenty-four hours notice to the surveyor or land-waiter appointed to attend the discharge of the ship or vessel in which such wood shall be imported, of the time and place when and where the admeasurement of the same is intended to take place, and such admeasurement shall take place between the hours of ten in the morning and three in

the purpose*

For securing

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 103. 479

he afternoon; and such importer or proprietor shall cause all ach wood to be so placed as to enable the officer or officers ot he custoras, and his and their assistanrs, with ease and don-renience, to take the dimensions of every piece of wood so imported, and no such wood shall be carried or conveyed away by such importer or proprietor nor shall be discharged before it shall be so measured and the dimensions thereof taken by the officer, and the duty thereon paid, or secured to be paid, according to law; and if any importer or proprietor of such wood shall neglect or refuse to give such notice, or to afford such atfiftance to the officer or officers as is herein reauired, or (had carry or convey away any such wood before the tame (half be so measured by {he officer, and the duty paid or secured as aforesaid, then and in every such case such importer and proprietor shall forfeit and pay the sum of two hundred pounds.

XXVI. And whereas it is expedient to allow so much of the duty on the wines herein after mentioned, as exceeds the duty on Portugal wines and Spanish white wines, to be secured by bond in manner herein after mentioned \ be it therefore enacted, That, from and Spanish wines after the tenth day of July one thousand eight hundred and four,* bond-it shall and may be lawful for any importer, dealer, or other c'person, chargeable with the additional duty of sixteen pounds nineteen shillings and eight-pence, imposed on Spanish red wine or any other wines of the dominions of Spain, and the wines of Naples and Sicily* under and by virtue of an. act passed in this session of parliament, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty Geo. j. certain duties on the importation of the goods, wares, and mer- a7* chandizes, therein mentioned, into Ireland; and also certain duties of excise on spirits, malt, and tobacco, in Ireland; and for the increasfe of certain publick revenues in Ireland, by making the same payable in British currency, to give security by bond to his Majesty with one or more sufficient lurety or sureties, to be approved of by the collector of the district in which such importer, dealer, or other person resides (which bond such collector is hereby authorised to take for his Majesty's use in a sufficient penalty), for the payment of the sum of (even pounds on every tun of such wine, as and in part of the said additional duty of sixteen pounds nineteen shillings and eighNpfnce, conditioned that such importer, dealer, or other person, shall pay the said sum of seven pounds per tun on the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and five; any thing in the said recited act, or in any other act or acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after AH wine shall the tenth day of July one thousand eight hundred and four, all jy^tered* wines imported into Ireland shall be entered and charged with duty as filled wines, and not otherwise, without any allowance thereon for leakage or otherwise, any thing in an act passed in this session of parliament, intituled An act for changing, until the^Oto, 3*twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five, c* certain rates and duties, and for allowing certain bounties and drawbacks upon goodsf wares, and merchandize imported into and exported

from

480 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 164. [1804.

Recovery of penalties.

Act may be varifed.

Continuance of the ad.

from Ireland, and also for charging certain inland duties of excise crj taxes in Ireland, in lieu of former rates, duties, and taxes, bounty and drawbacks, or in any other act or acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by this a <d inflicted and created, shall be paid and payable, and received and receivable in British currency, and shall and may (in all cases where the recovery and application of the same is not otherwise directed by this act) be sued for, recovered, levied, and applied, in like manner and form, and by the like ways and means, and with the like powers and authorities, as are prescribed, directed, and appointed in and by an act, made in the parliament of Ireland in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An act for the settling the excise x new impofl upon his Majesty's his heirs and successors* according to the book of rates therein inserted, or by any other law or laws relating to his Majesty's revenue of excise in Ireland* as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes ns if the same were herein particularly mentioned, expressed, and enacted, with like remedy of appeal for the party or parties who shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the raid last mentioned a & or any other ad as aforesaid is provided.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That this act may be amended, altered, or repealed, by any act or acts to be made in this present session of parliament.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue and be in force until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and five, and no longer.

CAP. CIV.

An act to permit, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five, the warehousing of [pints in Ireland fir exportation; for charging a duty on the same when taken out for home consumption\ and to regulate the exportation to Great Britain of such spirits as shall not be warehoused.

[July 28, 1804.]

WHEREAS the allowing spirits made or distiSedfront corn in Ireland to be warehoused there for exportation, without pej-. ment of the duty of excise chargeable in Ireland thereon* may tend U promote the profitable export thereof; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the Distillers may same, That, from and after the twenty-fifth day of July one warehouse thousand eight hundred and four, it shall and may be lawful for

spirits with- every distiller or maker of such spirits in Ireland to warehouse

of duty TtCD ^is fyrits for exportation, without payment of such duty of certain ports excise, according to the provisions of this act, and subject to^such

i #04.] Atirio regfilqUadrageiimo quarto Georgii III. c. 104. 48t

uch rules and regulations as the commissioners of excise in in Ireland, Ireland shall from time to time direct or order, in any of his u, Vj*.r^ Majesty's (lores or warehouses at the ports of Dublin, Droghtda, h^ein-after Dundalk^ Ninury, Belfast\ Galway, Limerick, Londonderry, G?r£, mentioned. Ycteghally Waterford, Wexford^ Sligo, and Wesport, or at any,

) ther port in Ireland in which, or in the district in which fitch sort shall be situated, (tills of not less than five hundred gallons n content shall be hereafter licensed by the said of: provided always, that no spirits of a strength less than a strengih rqual to one to ten over hydrometer proof, by Clarkhydrometer,

[hall be so warehoused; and that all such spirits shall be contained in casks of not less than one hundred gallons content, and that there be marked on the head of each cask, in letters or figures cut therein, the number of gallons of spirits in such casks, and the strength of the spirits contained therein.

II. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as Distiller shall any distiller shall intend to warehouse spirits for exportation, he gj* notice tp shall give notice in writing to the officer or officers of excise

who mall be placed over him, and also to the storekeeper at Gf the time the port of exportation* of such his intention, in which notice be intends to shall be set forth the number and content in gallons of each warehouse cask which he so intends to warehouse, and the day and hour of the day on which he intends to commence the removal of such spirits to the warehouse, which day shall not be more distant than six days nor nearer than three days from the time of such notice: provided always, that no removal of any spirits f6r. such pttrpose shall be allowed without permits, containing all such particulars as shall he directed by the of at excise j nor shall any such removal commence before the hour of nine in the morning, or continue longer than until the hour of three in the afternoon.

III. And be it further enacted, That the proper officer of Officer shall excise shall attend at the (lores of every such distiller at the

time mentioned as aforesaid in such notice, and such officer dring shall continue there until the whole of the spirits for which such removal, notice has been given shall be removed out of the stock of such and shall note distiller, under permits for the purpose, containing all such decreafiMn his particulars as shall be directed by the said of 0fstock tooooiu excise; and that immediately after the removal of such spirits, such officer shall take (lock on such distiller, and shall set forth the decrease occasioned by the removal of all such spirits in the stock book; and in case the whole or any part of the spirits. Penalty on for the removal of which a permit shall be granted as aforesaid, distiller not shall not be delivered into his Majesty's (lores within the time prescribed in the permit or permits for conveying the same ware? (except in cases of unavoidable necessity, proved to the fafisfac- houses. tion of the said commissioners of excise J, the distiller of such spirits, for the removal of which out of his (lores a permit shall have been granted as aforesaid, shall forfeit the sum of ten shillings for every gallon not so delivered, and shall also forfeit a gallon of spirits for every gallon so deficient in delivery, and Vol: XLV. 11 it

On ware-housing {pints, store-kceptr shall

ihc iamc.

482 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 104. [1804.

it shall be lawful for the officer of excise to feixe and take out of the stores of such distiller a gallon of spirits for every gallon which shall be so deficient; and it shall and may be lawful for the said of to withdraw and annul any licence before that time granted to such distiller, if they shall think tic so to do.

IV. And be it further enacted, That immediately on the arrival of such spirits, under proper permits, at his Majesty's (lores, the proper officer shall gauge and take an account of

give distillera every cask, and the strength of the spirits contained therein, receipt for and shall enter an account thereof in a book to be by him kept for the purpose, and thereupon the storekeeper shall deliver to the distiller or person requiring the same, for the use of such distiller, a receipt for such spirits, specifying the number of the different casks, with their gauge, and the quantity and strength of the fpiiits contained in them, with the month and day of the year when such spirits were stored, and any marks which may be put on such casks by such distiller, for distinguishing the spirits to be his property.

V. And be it further enacted, That such receipt shall be delivered over within a rcalon?b!e time, by every such distiller, to the officer of the walk where such distiller shall reside or carry on his distillery, and such officer shall immediately return to such distiller a copy thereof, signed by himself; and upon the delivery of such receipt, and not before, it shall be lawful for such officer to deduct from the number of gallons of spirits vri: h which such distiller shall have been charged or chargeable, the number of gallons so warehoused, and return the charge

Distiller shall deliver such receipt to officer, who shall then deduct the spiri.s so warehoused from the dif. tiller's (lock, and charge

the remainder against the distiller to the collector, for the remaining number

only with duly.

Spirits warehoused stir.ll not br taken out but under this act.

Officers to mark casks.

of galions, which shall be a charge against such distiller accordingly; and every such officer shall annex to such return the storekeeper^ receipt, as his voucher for having made such deduction as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That such spirits which shall be so warehoused shall not be taken or carried out of the warehouse on any account whatsoever, otherwise than in manner and pursuant to the provisions and directions herein after mentioned and contained.

VII. And be it further enacted, That so often as any person warehousing spirits shall be desirous of shipping for exportation any quantity of such spirits, such person shall deliver to the storekeeper, five i<ays at lead before the time when he intends to ship such spirits, a note in wilting, requiring such storekeeper to deliver such c.<(ks as such person may intend to export, specify:; g the number of casks and the quantity of spirits intended to be shipped, as set forth in the receipt given to such person by the ftirciveeper, at the time when such spirits were admitted imo th: -van: hi uO, and n»cn: ion.*: g the time when such person priy^f: to Hup loch spirits, and the name oi destination of thv" ! lip or vriTe!; ' ar; d it (hill he lawful for the officer attending Jv ,; vi) ':, l vir* which such spirits are to be taken, before

the

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 104. 483

the delivery thereof from such warehouse, to mark every cask of such spirits with such mark as the said commissioners of excise shall direct; and if any spirita so intended for exportation shall, alter having been received in his Majesty's (lores, and before their actual exportation, be altered in quality, quantity, or strength, except by decrease occasioned from leakage, waste, or accidenr, all such spirits, and the casks containing the same,

shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of his Majesty's revenue.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That before any such Before fyirita spirits shall be delivered out of any such warehouse for exporta-shall be deli-tion, the person or persons intending to export the same shall, ^imr^ation with one or more sufficient surety or sureties, give bond to his ^ond shall be Majesty in double the value of such spirits, and of the excise given to exduty which would be due and paya'ble thereon if such spirits Por* them to were taken out for home consumption, that such spirits shall

(the dangers of the seas cft enemies excepted) be exported to and landed at such port as (halt- be specified in such bond, without alteration in quality or quantity, except what may be occasioned by leakage, waste, or accident, and shall not be landed in any other place, nor re-landed in Ireland.

IX. And be it further enacted, That upon the exporter of On produc-such spirits, or some person in his behalf, producing to the t!^11 of acer' storekeeper of the warehouse, and to the officer attending the bond has been same, a certificate from the proper officer that such bond and given, so security hath been given, the storekeeper of such warehouse and much spirita officer attending the same shall deliver such spirits as shall be.a8^llbe mentioned in such certificate to be exported, and such (lore- "herein keeper shall cause the said spirits to be sent, under the care of a be delivered, proper officer, at the expence of the owner, to the quay where with a per-the ship or, vefle) shall be flattened, and shall at the same time nut, to the deliver a permit for the quantity so sent, in which permit shall "^nir the be also mentioned the date of the spirits being warehoused, and shipping of such other particulars as the said commissioners of excise may the spirits for from time to time order and direct \ and all such spitits shall exportation, remain in the care and custody of the shipping officer on the

quay until shipped or exported} and all such spirits shall be shipped in the same calks in which they were originally warehoused, with the marks, numbers, and note of the contents thereon, except in cases of damaged or leaky calks, which may be changed with the leave of the said of or of the chief officer at the port, and like marks shall be cut on the head of each new calk as had b4en cut on the leaky or damaged calks; and all such spirits shall be shipped only in such vessels a9, by law, spirits of Irish manufacture may now be shipped for exportation, subject to all regulations, forfeitures, and penalties, in respect of re-landing or unshipping the same, as are contained in any act or acts in force in Ireland respecting spirits shipped for exportation to Great Britain or elsewhere, and as are not contrary to the provisions of this adh

11 2

484 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 104. [1804.

Spirits maybe

X. And be it further enacted, That if any perfim so ware-hSme con- ^oufing far exportation shall desire to take the lame or

fumption.* any quantity thereof) not lelii than fire hundred galions, out of his Majesty's warehouse for home consumption, it shall and may be lawful for him so to do, on paying to tile cplle&oroC the port the.full amount of the duty payable on such spirits, for the quantity which each and every such cask contained at the time of its being warehoused, together with a fuoi9 after the rate of ten pounds for every one hundred pounds by the year on the amount of the said duties, from the expiration of sixty days after the day of storing such spirits, till the time of taking the same out for home consumption; and upon the production of the collector's receipt for such duty to the storekeeper, it dull be lawful for him to discharge the calks mentioned in the collector's receipt, and to deliver a permit for the conveyance of the Dune to the owner thereof, or to such place as such owner shall direct or require.

Warehoused

XI. And be it further enacted, That spirits so warehoused liercmoved may 1* removed, at the desire of the owner thereof, from his to other Majesty's warehouse at any one port, to the like warehouse at warehouses.*any other port as afore mentioned, under such regulations u the said commissioners of excise shall order in respect thereof. Warehouses

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for »ay be vt- the proprietor of any such spirits so to be lodged in any ware-by propria?>ouse u in the presence of the storekeeper or other

ttri, p officer, who are hereby required to Attend at all reafbmbie times for that purpose, not oftener than once a week, to vie*, examine, and shew for sale such spirits, or any part thereof, and to examine the state of the calks, and to prevent leakage or damage therein.

If spirits are J£I1L And be it further enacted, That if any. spirits shall renw*n his Majesty's warehouses, after having been received months, they therein under the provisions of this aCk, for more than four may be Void7 calendar months, or such further time as the said commissionm for oayment of excise shall appoint, on special application made to them, it f duty. shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners to direct

shat such spirits shall be puMickly fold, giving feveo days publick notice thereof; and the produce arising from such file shall be applied in the iirft place to the discharge of all the dudes thereon, computing such duties on the number of gallons which each and every cast, contained at the time of its being warehoused, without any allowance for waste or leakage, to* gether with the sum after the rate of ten pounds for every one hundred pounds by the year on the amount of the said duties, from the expiration of sixty days after the storing of such spirits until the sale thereof; and the remainder, after deducing all expences of warehousing and fate, shall bc; paid oyer to the owner of such spirits.

Drawback of

XIV. And be it further enacted, That on the exportation 9d* 3?* irish Of any such spirits, wfiicMhall have been warehoused in manner ^foresaid, no drawback or allowance whatever shall be given or

paid,

I.

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 104. 48$ paidt other than and except a drawback of nine-pence three spirits In lieu farthings Irish money upon every gallon of fitch spirits, as and t duty# in lieu of the duty paid on the malt used and confomed in the making of such spirits, unless all duties of excise due and payable on the same in Ireland shall be first fully paid and satisfied, which drawback is hereby requited to be paid and satisfied on such export, subject to all rules and regulations in force ro-specting drawbacks.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in case any spirits On spirits made or distilled from corn in Ireland^ which shall not have enter*or been warehoused in one of his Majesty's warehouses under the threat Bri-provisions of this act, shall be entered for exportation to Great tain, which Britain, no drawback shall be paid, or debenture made out for hare not been paying the same, unless due proof shall be first made by due warttooused, course of permits, traefflg such identical spirits from the original be^paid, distillery to the port or place of exportation, and by such other but on proof evidence as shall be required, to the satisfaction of the said of payment of of of exciTe, that each and every gallon for^rfullduty, which such drawback shall be claimed, has been distilled in a

{till or {kills containing lets than five hundred galions, and had or suchal-paid the full duties due and payable thereon by any law in lowance shall force in Ireland> without any allowance out of /Or on payment be of such duties on account of the size or contents of the still or ^cduftedout Hills wherein such spirits may have been distilled, or unless all of the draw-allowances which may have been made on account of the size back, or contents of the still or stills (if such spirits shall have been distilled in a still or stills of the content of five hundred gallqns or more), shall be refunded or repaid to or for the use of his Majesty, in such manner as such of may from time to time order and direct in that behalf 5 and if such allowance shall not be refunded and repaid on exportation to Great Britain, such allowance shall be deemed a part payment in advance of the drawback payable by law, and the remaining part only of such drawback shall be paid on such export; any act or z&s in force in Irelandf or any ufuage or enftom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any such Form of cn-spirits which shall not have been warehoused under this act shall for* be entered for exportation to Great Britain, the person entering Cxporutiorv such spirits for exportation shall state or cause to be dated in

the entry thereof, whether any allowance has been made out of or on payment of the duties payable on such spirits, on ao-count of the size or contents of the still or stills wherein such spirits may have been distilled, or on any other account, or under any other pretext whatsoever, and the amount of such allowance; and if such person shall neglect so to do, or shall make any false or untrue statement with respect to any such allowance, all spirits so entered for exportation shall be forfeited and may be seized by any officer or officers of the revenue, and the person entering the same for exportation shall also forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds,

486 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 105. [1804.

Recovery and application of penalties.

Continuance of act

XVII. And be it further enadod, That ail fines, penalties* and forfeitures by this act inflicted and created, other th?n such as ar^ by this act other wise provided for, shall and may be (tied for, recovered, levied, and.applied in such manner and form, and by such ways and means, and with such powers and authorities as are prescribed, directed, and appointed in and by an act of the parliament of Ireland, made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An act for the settling of the excise or new impost upon bit Majesty* his heirs and successirs, according to the hook of rates therein infer ted, or by any other act or acts in force in Ireland relating to the revenue of customs and excise, or either of them, as fully and effectually, td all intents and pus* poses, as if the same were particularly mentioned, expre&d, and enacted in this act, with like remedy of appeal for the parry or parties aggrieved, as in and by the said recited act, or any other act or acts as aforesaid, is provided.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue in force until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five*

CAP. CV.

Certain acts respecting the revenue of Ireland recited.

ftn act to continue, until the twenty-ninth day of September cm thousand eight hundred and five, several aftt for the better collection and security of his Maifish revenue tn Ireland and fir preventing frauds therein. — (July 28, 1804.]

WHEREAS an act was made in the parliament of Ireland in the fortieth year of the reign of his prefint intituled*

An act for better regulating the collection of his Majesty's revenue, and for preventing of frauds therein; and for repealing an act, made in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for continuing and amending several laws relating to his Majesty's revenue, and for the more effectually preventing the frauds therein, and the several acts and statutes which are mentioned to be continued by this act: and whereas an act was made in the parliament of the United Kingdom in the forty^third year of the reign of his present Majestjy intituled An act to amend several acts of parliament for the better collection and security of his Majesty's revenue of customs and excise in Ireland, and for preventing frauds therein, and to make further regulations relating the reto: and whereas an act was made in the parliament of Ireland in the thirty -eighth year: f the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to secure the collection of the duties on auctions, and on glass bottles made in this kingdom, and on paper printed or ftaii>ed in this kingdom to serve for hangings or other uses$ and to prevent frauds therein: and whereas an eft was made in the parliament of Ireland, in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty^ to anted and continue the said last recited act of the thirty-eighth year afire-said y and whereas an act was made in the parliament of Ireland, in the fortieth year of the reign of his present Majesty* to continue and

xmtud

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 105. 48

amend the said tun last recited acts of the thirty-eighth and thirty-ninth years aforesaid: and whereat an ail was made in the parliament of Ireland, in the fortieth year of the reign of his present Majesty % intituled An act for regulating the payment of bounties on the exportations of certain manufactures of this kingdom: and whereas an ait was made in the parliament of Ireland, in the thirty seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty^ intituled An act for regulating the import, export, and saie of coffee, and securing the duties payable thereupon: and whereas an ail was made in the parliament of Ireland, in the fortieth year of the reign of his present Majesty^ intituled An act for regulating the trade of a distiller, and for securing the duties payable on home-made spirits: and whereas an ail was made in the parliament of the United Kingdom in the fortyftrft year of the reign of his present Majesty* to amend and continue the said last mentioned ail of the fortieth year aforesaid: and whereas an ail was made in the parliament of Ireland, in the fortieth year of the reign of his present Majesty % intituled An acfc for the better collection of all duties on hides and skins tanned and dressed in oil, and on vellum and parchment made in Ireland, and for preventing frauds in his Majesty's revenue therein: and whereas an ait was made in tht parliament of Ireland, in the fortieth year of the reign of his present Majesty^ intituled An act for the better regulation of, and securing the duties payable on, licences to persons engaged in the several trades therein mentioned, and to hawkers and pedlars j and the duties on playing cards, and for securing the expences of distraining for the Kinds' rents, and for other purposes: and whereas an ail was made in the parliament of the United Kingdom, in the forty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty y for the purpose (amongst other things) of securing the duties payable on licences to perjins in Ireland, not being maltsters or makers of malt, felling malt by commission, or otherwise: and whereas an act was made in the parliament of Ireland, in the thirty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty^ intituled An act for regulating the issuing of licences for the sale of wine, ale, beer, cider, and spirkuous liquors by retail 5 and for preventing the immoderate use of spirituous liquors: and whereas an ail was made in the parliament of Ireland, in the thirty eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, f, r continuing and amending the said last recited ail of the thirtyseventh year aforesaid: and whereas two acts were made in the parliament of Ireland, one in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, and the of her in the fortieth year of the reign of his present Majesty for continuing and amending t$e several laws for regulating the tjfuing the said last mentioned licences: and whereas an ail was made in the parliament of the United Kingdom, in the forty-Jirfl year of the reign of his present Majesty y to continue and amend the several laws in Ireland, to regulate the ijfu'ing of the said last mentioned licences: and whereas an act was made in the parliament of Ireland, in the thirty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for collecting and securing his Majesty's revenue upon malt: and whereas an act

c-38 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. 0, 105. fi&>4*

was madi in the parliament of Ireland* in the fortieth year of the reign of his present Ma jeJly*to amend and continue the said Inf recited act passed in toe thirty-fiventh yeart of the reign of his present Afajefy: and whereas an act was made in the parliament of the United Kingdom in the forty-third year of the reign of his present Moyejly* intituled An act to amend the aSts now in force for fecunng the collection of the revenue upon malt, and for regulating the trade of a distiller in Ireland: and whereas an act was made in the parliament of Ireland, in the fortieth year of the reign of his pre-font Majesty, intituled An act for the better regulating the issuing and granting of permits and certificates/or the conveyance and protection of certain exciseable goods therein mentioned; and to prevent frauds by dealers in, or retailers of such goods: and whereas an act was made in the parliament of Ireland, in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty* intitule4* An ict to regulate the trade of reifying spirits, and to prpvgnt frauds on his Majesty's revenue by re&ifiers of spirits: and whereas an o3 was made in the parliament of Ireland, in the thirty-ninth tear $f the reign of his present Majesty* to continue and amend the foiikf mentioned act of the thirty eighth year aforeja'ul: and whereas on aft was made in the parliament of Ireland, in the thirtyfevmtb year of the reign of his present Majesty* intituled An act for regulating and extending the tobacco trade, and for fecunng the duties payable on the import and manufacture of tobacco: end whereas an act was made in the parliament ^/Ireland, in the fortieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to amend and continue tit said last mentioned act of the thirty seventh year, aforesaid: erf whereas the said fevered rented acts have, by divers acts mode in the parliament of the United Kingdom* in the forty-forji*forty focond* and forty-tpird years of the reign of his present Mqifo* been continued* and are in forte until the twenty-ninth day ef September one thousanel eight hundred and four* and it is expedient that tht said recited acts should be further continued; be it therefore enacted ny the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of Recited acts, the same, That the said several acts, herein-before recited, and ^cept, &c. a]] and every the powers, authorities, provisions, regulatiops,

tinuedrnl?n* Penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, in the said Sept. 49, 1*05. several recited acts, or any of them contained (except such clauses or provisions of any of the said recited acts, as hare been amended or repealed by any clause or clauses in any other or others of the said recited acts, or by any other act or acts, i'and also except so much gf any of the said recited acts as

granted or imposed any duty or duties on licences to fell fp-rituous or other liquors by retail), shall be respectively further continued, and shall be in force throughout Ireland; and the said acts, and every of them, are hereby respectively continued until and upon the twenty-ninth day of September one thou- 1 sand eight hundred and five; and that all the said recked acts (so far as they are not so amended or repealed, and except as r — 'aforesaid)

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 106. 489

aforesaid) /halt be observed sad complied with) during the conti ou a ace of this act, in the raising, collecting, levying, paying, and managing the several duties of customs, excise, and taxes payable in Ireland, by virtue of any act or acts now in force qna efied, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes as if the said acts had been respectively extended to all the said duties, and to the time herein mentioned $ and as if all the hid duties, and the said time herein mentioned, had been-mentioned and contained in the said recited acts or any of them.

II. And be it further enacted, That an act, made in the Irtfli acts of parliament of Ireland, in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of his 36 \3*d present Majesty, intituled An continuing and amending ^.assr'tat several acts for the further improvement and extensionff the fisheries nued until

on tbt coast of this kingdoms and also an act, made in the parlia- Sept. 99, 18j,

ment of Ireland* in the fcfBonof parliament held in the thirteenth

and fourteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to explain and amend an act) in this fiffion of parliament, intituled An act for granting annuities in the manner therein

provided to fitch persons as shall voluntarily fvbftribe towards the raif-

ing a sum not exceeding the sum of two hundred and sixty-fiye thousand pounds which said recited acts have, by several subsequent acts,

been continued, and are in force until the twenty-ninth day or

September one thousand eight hundred and four, shall be, and the same are hereby further continued, and shall br in force in '

Ireland until and upon the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and live*

III. And be it further enacted, That this act, and the said re. Act may be

cited acts hereby continued, or any of them, may be amended, altered, or repealed, by any act or acts to be paued in this pre-

lent fcfpon of parliament.

CAP. CVI.

An act for appointing, until the first day of August one thousand eight hundred andfivty of to inquire into the fees, gra* tidties, perquisites, and emoluments) which are or have been lately received in the several publick offices in Ireland therein mentioned\ to examine into any abuses which may exist in the same \ and into the present mode of receivings collecting, issuing, and accounting for publick money in Ireland.

[July 28, 1804.]

WHEREAS it is just and proper that his Majesty and his people should be satisfied, and truly informedy whether all the duties, taxes, and monies, granted, raised, and appropriated for the publick firviegy have been faithfully coUectedy issued, and expended, for the purposes fir which thgy were granted; and that if any defects in the present method of collecting, issuing, expending, and accounting for the -famty exist in Ireland, they may be corrected and amended, and a more expeditious, more effectual, and left expen five method of collecting, issuing, expending, and accounting for the same, should be henceforth establt/hedy ami it is highly expedient, for the publick servicey

that

490 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 106. [1804.

that inquiry should be also mide respeffing the expends in the different offices and departments of his Majestfs government in Ireland, herein after mentioned and the feesy gratuities, perquisites, and tm* luments received and taken therein; with a view to the making of fuel regulations as Jbatt be judged expedient and proper for the come-tion of abuses which may have arisen9 and for the purpose of ffiSing such savings as may be made in each; that is to say, the offices <ni departments under the management of the commissioners of his Mojff tfs treasury; of she of of his Majesty's customs, txtiity and fiamps \ the postmasters general; the board of works; the gat* ral agent of the yeomanry service; the auditor general^ and audits: j tmprcfls or foreign accounts; the commissioners for after taming a* allowance to be made to bodies corporate and individuals, in refixfl n those cities, towns, and boroughs, which have ceased to fend any number to parliament finee the union9 and to make compensation to tide fersons whose offices may thereby be discontinued or dsminiftxc in value and the directors of all works relating to inland navignthn in Ireland, appointed under an act passed in Ireland in the fortieth jeer of his Majesty's reign9 intituled An act for granting to his Majesty the sum of five hundred thousand pounds for promoting in* land navigation in Irelandf and for the other purposes therein mentioned, and for authorising the raising of the said fitm by loan; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affim-bled, and by the authority of the same, That John Stanton Rr-ir fort esquire, James Trail esquire, Wiliam Jackson esquire, Frederick Geale esquire, and Robert Alexander esquire, or any three or more of them, shall be and they are hereby configured commissioners for examining into the method of colle\5Hng, issuing, and accounting for the publick revenue of Ireland, and for making the inquiries intended by this act.

II. And be it further enacted, That the lords of of his Majesty's treasury for the office of the treasury in IreU*l> the of of customs, excise, and fiamps for the offices of customs, excise, and fiamps, the postmasters general, the commissionershe hoard of works, the auditor general and auditor fore the com- of imprefts and foreign accounts, and the general agent to the missioners. yeomanry fir vice, the commissioners for ascertaining allowances to be made to bodies corporate and individuals, in refyed to those cities, towns, and boroughs, which have ceased to fend any member to parliament since the union, and to make compen/action to those persons whose offices may thereby be discontinued or diminished in value, and the directors of inland navigation appointed by virtue of the said recited act, Dial), with all convenient speed, lay the returns of the fees, perquisites, gratuities, and emoluments usually taken, demanded, or received by any clerk or officer, within any of the before mentioned offices or departments respectively, or copies of such returns, together with c< pies of the annual establishment, and also of the incident bills for defraying contingent expences, and of all incident or contingent

Commis-

loners.

The publick offices herein mentioned required to

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 106. 45*

gent or extraordinary expences, or expences of any nature or kind incurred, and the authorities under which the same hare been incurred in the said offices and departments respectively, as they flood in the year ending the fifth day of ^January one thousand eight hundred and four, and in any preceding year, as they shall judgeproper, and also in the period of the present year which shall have elapsed up to the time of such return, before the said of $ and that the said of, or any CommtflBon-three of them, shall and they are hereby required to take ihtoers to proceed their consideration all the said returns, establishments, and inei-under the dental bills, and shall proceed thereupon according to such thebrd-lieu structions and directions as they shall from time to time receive tenant.* from the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors and the privy council of Ireland.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Commission-lawful to and for the said of, or any three of them, era to take and they are hereby empowered, authorised, and required, to examinanon* examine upon oath (which oath they or any of them are hereby on oa authorised to administer) the of and all other officers of his Majesty's treasury, the of, collectors, receivers, and all other the officers and persons concerned or employed in collecting, receiving, or managing the several branches of the publick revenue, and all other persons in Inland whom they shall think fit to examine touching the collection, receipt, issue, and manner of accounting for the duties, taxes, and monies granted, raised, and appropriated as aforesaid; the several officers and persons in any of the said several offices and departments, and also all other persons who have had any dealings or transactions with the said respective offices or departments, or the representatives of such persons respectively, whom the said of, or any three of them, shall think fit to examine touching the fees, gratuities, perquisites, and emoluments taken therein respectively, and touching all other matters and things necessary fur the execution of the powers vested in the said of by this act; and all and every such person and persons is and are hereby required and directed to attend the said of, or any three of them, at such time and times, place and places, as shall be appointed, and also to observe and execute such orders and directions, as the said of, or any three of them, shall make or give for the purposes aforesaid; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of, or any three of them, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to examine into any corrupt or fraudulent practices or ocher misconduct as far as the same relate or relates to the several purposes intended by this act to be examined or inquired into, committed by any person or persons concerned in the ma-nagement of or employed in -any of the said several offices or dc- Commission-partments: and the said of, or any three of them, mcct* shall and thry are hereby authorised and required to meet and fit^wherein from time to time, for the purpose of carrying this act into exe- Ireland, and cution, in such place or places within the city of Dublin, or else- to fend for

where p*rfon»,

' papers, and

Amoregni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. rod.

[1804.

where in Ireland, as they shall find most convenient, with or without adjournment \ and it shall and may be lawful to nod for the said of, or any three of them, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to (end their precept or precepts under their hands and foals, for any person or persons whomsoever, and for such books, papers, writings, and records, relating to any of the said respective offices or departments, as they (hatljudge necessary for their information, relating to the accounts, matters, and things aforesaid, or for carrying the fcvc* ral purposes of this act into execution.

Commission.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said commissioneri*m to give an shall from time to time at their discretion, and as often as they the^rocecd- t^er^uflto rc<|uired» and as soon as poffiblo after thede-

ingg to tj, c'termination of their examination and proceedings by virtue of ford.lieu* this act, without any further requisition, give an account of

wuihla!0 ^eir P^ings w writing under the hands and foals. of them, Jfoicfl and1* any t*ucc !^em^ to* l°r<^ lieutenant or other chief go* paiwnent v^rnor or governors of inland, to be laid before his Majesty, and ajfp tp both houses of parliament, together with an end state of the foes, gratuities, perquisites, and emoluments paid or given in collecting, iffiiing, expending, and accounting for the publick money, and the authority under which they are de-snanded, paid, or received 3 aid. they shall specify what officers and clerks belonging to each office or department, or are employed in the same, and what is the duty, service, and attendance required of them, together with an exact state of the foes, gratuities, perquisites, and emoluments which the said officers and clerks, or their deputies or under clerks, may or ought lawfully to have and take, for or in refyeA of their several offices and places, or in regard of any services performed as officers, clerks, deputies, or under clerks 3 adding at the same time fitch observations as shall occur to them; and such plans either for correction and improvement or for abolishing or regulating any of the said fees, gratuities, perquisites, and emoluments, or for carrying into execution the general purposes of this act, or for saving or arranging the expenditure of money by such several and respective offices and departments, in the execution of the duties and trusts (overally belonging to the same respectively, as iqay appear to them proper to be adopted for the time ta come; and shall in like manner report what defects they may have observed during the course of their examination and proceedings by virtue of this act, in the present mode of collecting, receiving, iffiiing, and accounting for the publick monies, and such ordcis, rules, and regulations as in their judgement shall appear fit and expedient to be established; in order that the duties, taxes, and monies granted, raised, and appropriated for the publick service, may hereafter be received, issued, expended, and accounted for, in the manner the most expeditious, most effcAual, most benefi-Contmifftan. cial and advantagdbus to the publick: and the said commissioners may ap- ers, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised to ap* JncTother^8 P°*lU an^ cai&°y clerks, messengers, and officers, as tb*F officers.

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 106. 495

shall think meet; and ta give to every of the said clerks and of* ficers an oath for his true and faithful demeanor in all things re* htieg to the due performance of the trull reposed in him by the said of, and in all other things touching the pre-miles which clerks and officers are hereby respectively required faithfully to execute and perform the said trull in them severally and respectively reposed, without taking any thing for fuob their fesrvice other than such salary or reward as (lie said commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall direct and appoint in that behalf.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Treasury of lawful for the lords of of his Majesty's treasury*in Ireland may Inland, or the lord high treasurer of Ireland for I he time being, lff*

and they are hereby authorised and required to issue and cause to ^pences at-be issued, all such sums of money not exceeding two thousand tending this pounds to such person. or persons as the of under act this act, or any three or more of them, shall, by writing under their hands, ddire or direct, out of any part of the publick nies remaining in his Majesty's exchequer of Ireland, which Turns fb Lflbed and paid shall be employed for the payment of clerks, messengers, and other officers, and in defraying all other necessary charges in or about the execution of the powers of this act, and in such manner and in such proportions as shall be appointed by the said of under this act, or any. three or more of thenu by writing under their hands and seals in that behalf, and that such sums shall be accounted for by the person or persons to whom the same shall be issued or pafd according to the course of his Majesty's exchequer of Ireland, without any fees or other charges to be taken or demanded, for the issuing or payment of the same on the passing of the said accounts, other than such sum as the said of under this act, or any three or more of them, shall appoint.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the of herein Commission-nominated or to be appointed by virtue of this act shall, before era to take they begin to-carry the same into execution, take an oath beforethe f°HowiDf the chancellor of the exchequer of Ireland for the time being (which oath he is hereby authorised and required to administer);

and such oath shall be in the words or to the effect following; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and Oath,

X- truly, according to the best of my skill and judgement, execute the several powers and ttufts veiled in me by an act made in the forty-fourth year of the reign of King George the Third, intituled An act [here recite the title of this ], according to the true tenor and purport of the said

v 4i So help me GOD."

VII., And be it further enacted, That in case of any vacancy Appointment or vacancies, by death or rcsignation of any one or more of the of nfw coin* commissioncis herein named or to be appointed by virtue of this lrjner».

494 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. idS.

[1804.

aft, during the continuance thereof, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty to nominate and appoint such person or persons as he may think proper to supply such vacancy or vacancies; and every person so nominated and appointed (after having taken the oath of office herein mentioned) shall be subject to the same rules, regulations, and restrictions, and ftwll have the like powers and authorities for carrying this act into execution to all intents and purposes whatsoever, n if he had been named in this act.

Commission-

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no person appointed a con, m*, oner to supply any such vacancy shall accept of or hold vacancies, not anX office of profit from or under his Majesty during the to hold any continuance of this act.

occ,

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons

Sfeevidwcc upon ^ls> her, or their examination before the said com* guilty of per- missioners, or any three of them, wilfully and corruptly givefalfc jury* evidence, every such person so offending, and being thereof duty

convicted, shall be, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to such pains and penalties, as by any law now in force and effect persons guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury are subject and liable to.

Continuance X. And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue f aft. and be in force until the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and five.

CAP. CVII.

An act for making compensation to the proprietors of certain lands and hereditaments, situate at Woolwich and Charlton in the county of Kent, purchased in pursuance of three several acts of parliament, made in the forty-second and forty-third years of the reign of his present Majesty, for promoting the service of his Majesty's ondnaice.

[July8, 180+.]

Requiring gaolers to

CAP. CVIII.

An act for the relief of certain insolvent debtors.

[July 30, 1804 ]

WHEREAS several persons now are, and for a long time have been confined for debt in the several gaols in this kingisn, who are willing and desirous to make the utmost satisfaction in their power to their creditors: and whereas notwithstanding the great prejudice and detriment which occasional acts of insolvency may produst ft trade and credit, it may be convenient in the prefen t fate of the prisons and gaols of this kingdom, that some of the prisoners who artmtu confined therein, truly surrendering the whole of their property to their creditors, should he liberated, and enabled to pursue their different profejfons and occupations; be it therefore enacted by else King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, Thar, from and after the passing of this act, all and every keeper or

mike cut lills keepers, gaoler or gaolers, of any gaol or prison, io any county, of ptifoner* in ° ikta,

tn cust ody.

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. ioS. 495

riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty, within this king-docn, shall, is, and are hereby required to malce a true, exact, and perfect lift, alphabetically, of the name or names of ail and every person or persons, who, upon the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and four, was or were, and have since'continued to be, and at the time of the passing of this act, and also at the time of making out every such lift, shall be really an actual prisoner or prisoners in the custody of any keeper or keepers, gaoler or gaolers, of any of the aforesaid prisons respectively, upon any process whatsoever, for or by reason of any debt, damage, costs, sum or sums of money, or contempt for non-payment of money, and an account of the time when such prisoner or prisoners was or were respectively charged in custody or received in prison, together with the name or names of the person or persons at whose fuic or prosecution such prisoner or prisoners is or are detained, and shall deliver the same to the justices of the! peace at their first or second general quarter session or general section of the peace to be held after the passing of this act, or aC some adjournment thereof, for such county, riding, city, division, town, place, or liberty respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That the warden of his majes- Keepers of ty's prison of the Fleet, and rnarshal of the King's bench prison, prisons to and every other keeper and gaoler of any other prison in any ^n*"h^deplace or liberty in this kingdom, shall several iy, on the delivering in ifo, in of any such list of prisoners in their respective custody, take an oath in the open court of such general quarter session or general session of the peace, or adjournment thereof, to the effect following $ that is to say,

T AI S. upon my corporal oath, in the presence of Almighty Oath.

X God, do solemnly swear, profess, and declare. That all and every person and persons whole name or names is or are inferred and contained in the lift by me now delivered in, and subscribed, was or were, to the best of my knowledge and belief, upon the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and four, really and truly prisoners in actual custody in the prison of {insert the name of the prison) at the suit or suits of the several person or persons therein respectively mentioned (sr, for costs or contempt, as the case may be), and, to the best of my knowledge and belief, have ever since continued to be, and at the time of the delivery of this lift now are really and truly prisoners in actual custody.

'So help me GOD."

Which oath the said justices, at their first or second general Oath to be quarter session, or general session aforesaid, or at some adjourn- administered jnent thereof, within their respective jurisdictions, are hereby re- 10 °Pcftcourt* quired and empowered to administer in open court; and the words of the said oath herein-before directed to he taken by the Ibid.warden and marshal respectively, and other keeper or gaoler of any prison respectively, shall be entered or written at the cqd

Lifts to be kept by the clerk of the peace, and examined gratis*

49$ Anaoregm Gsoftonltt. c. 166. [1804.

or bottom of the Jiff which shall be delivered in by theth respectively, and shall be subscribed and (worn to by them respectively in open court; and every such lift' which shall be so delivered in, subscribed, and sworn to in pursuance of this ^A, shall be kept by the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer affing as clerk of the peace of every such county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty respectively, in which any such lift as aforesaid shall bft sworn to, for the better fatrsfadion of the hid justices, and information of all or any prisoner or prisoners therein named; and so as the same may from time to time be (cert and examined by any creditor or creditors, or prisoner or prisoners, without fee or reward.

Copies of lifts

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, to be fixed up That all and every keeper or gaoler, keepers or gaolers, of any fore^divery Pr n or gaol, is and are hereby required, ten days at least to the fdfions. before the first Or second general quarter session or general session of the peace shall be held after the passing of this act, for the county, riding, city, division, town, place, or liberty, in which any of the prisons or gaols aforesaid shall be, or to which the same shall belong, to fix Up in Tome conspicuous place or places in every such prison of gaol, and at the most frequented and usual gate, door, or entrance into every such prison or gaol as aforesaid, three or more true copies of every lift proposed or intended to be delivered in by any such keeper or gaoler, 'at the said general quarter sessions, or at some adjournment thereof. Prisoners for 1V. And be it further enacted, That all and every persons and

what sum to persons who, on the first day of January one thousand eight be discharged. hundred and four, were in any prison or gaol, and have ftnctfo continued to be in prison or gaol as aforesaid, for the non-payment of any debt or debts, damages, sum or sums of money, which did not in the whole, on the said first day of January wt thousand eight hundred and four* or at any time or rimes face, amount to a greater sum than one thousand five hundred pounds, and whose name or names shall be infefted in any such lift to be delivered in as aforesaid, taking the oaths hereby directed to be taken, s^nd who shall perform on his or her part what is required to be done by him or her by this act, shall be for ever reieased, discharged, and exonerated, to such extent and in such manner

as is herein>»after provided, and not otherwise*

Justices hiay, V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law* on prisoners ful for any justice or justices of the peace of any county, riding, schedulel division, city, town, place, or liberty within this kingdom, upon issue warrants petition of any such prisoner or prisoners to any justice or to bring them justices of the peace within his or their respective jurisdictions, jothe quarter upon every such prisoner or prisoners so petitioning, and at the idffions. time Of or y0 petitioning leaving with the justice or justices of the peace so petitioned a true copy of the schedule containing his or her intended discovery of his or her real and personal estate, to be sworn to at the first or second general quarter session next ensuing after every such petition or some adjournment thereof, by warrant under his hand and seal, or under their

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 108. 497

hands and leak, to require the sheriff or sheriffs, keepers or gaolers of any such prison within the jurisdiction.of any such justice or justices, to bring before the justices at the first or second next general quarter session or general session of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, to be held, as the case shall happen to be, next after the expiration of ten days from the date of such warrant, for such respective county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty, the body of any person being in the said prison as aforesaid, with the warrant or warrants of his or her detainer, together with a copy or copies of the cause or causes which he, she, or they is or are charged with in any prison or gaol as aforesaid, at the time aforesaid, for which copy or copies of such cause or causes such prisoner shall apply to the said keeper or gaoler of such prison, or to the clerk of the papers, or other per-foDft who shall make out and transcribe the same at least ten days before the time of his or her appearance; which warrant of every justice or justices every such sheriff and sheriffs, keeper or gaoler, is and are hereby commanded to obey.

VI. And whereas considerable time may intervene between the passing of this act and the next general quarter session or general fejfm of the peace, which would be the means of detaining in prison*a number of persons, whoy with their families, are in the vreatejl dislrefs; be

it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any two For holding a or more of the justices of the peace for any county, riding, divi- ipecul fcdion. fion, city, town, place, or liberty, upon petition from debtors as aforesaid, to assemble their respective courts as soon as may be after passing this act, for the purpose of administering the oaths and other the matters required by this act, and to appoint such day or days for the discharge of prisoners as they shall see proper.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the copy of every such Schedules to schedule which shall be left or delivered in as aforesaid shall clerk of and reiriain with the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other^peace % officer acting as clerk of the peace for the county, riding, divi-

fton, city, town, place, or liberty in which the same shall have been so left, there to remain and be in(peded from time to time, as occasion shall require, by any creditor of any such prisonef who shall desire to insped the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every debtor Debtors in-and debtors confined in any gaol of that part of the United King- tending to dom called England or Wales, who shall intend to apply to be chin e^o Rive discharged and exonerated under this act as aforesaid, shall first notice in the cause publick notice to be inserted in three several London ga- Gazette, zettes, previous to such general or quarter session or general (ef-

fion, or the adjournment (hereof, at which such application shall be made; and if such debtor shall be in custody in any such gaol out of London^ or the weekly bills of mortality, then also in some newspaper which shall be pubiuhed in or near the county, riding, division, city*, town, liberty, or place, in the gaol whereof he or she shall be so in custody; and in like manner all and every debtor and debtors confined in any prison or gaol of that part of V01, XLV. Kk the

498 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 108. [1804.

the United Kingdom called Ireland, who shall intend to apply to be discharged and exonerated under this act, shall first cause publick notice to be inserted, in three several Dublin gazettes, previous to such general or quarter session or general session, or the adjournment thereof, at which such application shall be made; and if such debtor shall be in custody in any gaol out of DttbSn, or the county of Dublin, then also in same newspaper in or near the county, city, town, or liberty, in the gaol whereof he or she shall be so in custody, containing the name, trade, occupation, and description, and the two last places of abode (if so many) of every such debtor and debtors, and the prison wherein he, she, or they is or are confined, and of his, her, or their intention to take the benefit of this act, and mentioning such notice in such gazette or newspaper respectively to be the first, second, or third notice, according to the time of publishing each of such notices; for the inserting each of the said notices in the London or Dublin, Gazette, or in any other newspaper, there shall be paid each rime, by every prisoner, the sum of four-pence, and no more; the first of which said notices shall be so inserted in the said gazettes respectively, and in the said other newspapers, as the case may require, twenty-one days at the least, and the last of the said notices six days at least before any such first or second general quarter session or general session, or adjournment thereof, shall be held as aforesaid, so that as well all the creditors who have not charged the said debtor or debtors in custody, as those creditors who have charged such debtor or debtors in execution, or on mesne process or otherwise, may have sufficient notice thereof.

IX. And, to the intent that all creditors may have full and sufficient time to consider the matters and things contained in the schedule or schedules intended to be delivered in by any debtor or debtors, be it Debtors tode- further enacted, That every such debtor, when he or she shall liver schedules (according to the directions of this act) publish the first notice of prcviou*to the an >nten^on to take the benefit of this act, he or she shall in such first notice, notice declare, that the schedule containing his or her intended discovery of his or her real and personal estate (to be sworn to in manner as by this act is directed) is lodged in the hands of the keeper or gaoler, or the deputy of such keeper or gaoler, of the prison wherein any such debtor shall be confined; and every such debtor is hereby directed and required to deliver such schedule to such keeper or gaoler, or deputy, as the case may be, before he shall publish such first notice as aforesaid, signed with his or her own'christian name and surname, to be attested by any such keeper, gaoler, or deputy; and in case any debtor shall neglect or refuse to deliver one such schedule to such keeper, gaoler, or deputy, prior to such his first notice to be given as aforesaid, he or she, upon due proof made of such neglect to the fa tis fa ft ion of the court to which such debtor shall make application, shall be remanded back'to prison, there to remain until he or she shall have complied with the directioni aforesaid; and every such keeper, gaoler, or deputy, is hereby directed and required to attest the signature of the debtor's name to such schedule^ and to

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 108. 499

receive the same into his custody and charge, giving a duplicate hereof to every such debtor, with an acknowledgement of his laving received the original; and he is hereby further required o deliver a true copy of any such schedule, signed by himself,

: pon request made to him by any creditor for that purpose in writing (such copy to be delivered to the creditor himself, or to ach person as he mall appoint to receive the same), within three lays after demand made; and if any fiiCh keeper, gaoler, or deputy, shall n eg left or refuse to conform to the directions hereby; iven him respectirtg such schedule, every such keeper, gaoler, ir deputy, so offending, shall pay the futa of twenty pounds, o any person w ho shall sue for and recover the same in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster or Dublin respectively, s the case may be, by action of debt.

X. And be it further enacted, That the notices to be given by very debtor, in manner directed by this act, shall be to theefferc ollowing; that is to say,

c "T [insert the name, tradey occupation and deferip- Form of

JL tion and the two laji places of abode, if Jo many] now con- notice, ined in [infer* the name of the prison and county,] '

md not being charged in custody on the nrft day of "January one housand eight hundred and four, or at any time since, with any lebt or debts, sum or sums of money, exceeding in the whole the urn of one thousand five hundred pounds, do hereby give this 'first, second, or third) publick notice, That I intend to take the >enefit of an act passed in the forty-fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, [here set forth the title of this act; and if t be the first notice, then add] and I do hereby give notice, that a rue and perfect schedule, containing a discovery of all my real. knd personal estate hereafter to be sworn to, is now ready to be lelivered to any creditor applying for the same, to the keeper or gaoler, or his deputy, of the said prison."

\nd every such notice shall be signed by the debtor, and counter* igned by the keeper or gaoler, or deputy of such keeper or gaoler, it such prison.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every such debtor as Debtors prov* foresaid, not being charged as aforesaid on the said first day ing that no-if January one thousand eight hundred and four, or at any time h?vc ince, with any debt or debts, sum or sums of money, in the

vhole to a greater amount than the sum of one thousand five court, deliver lundred pounds, who shall apply to the general or quarter session in certain ir any adjournment thereof, shall, in case it shall be proved upon schedules, and lath, or by producing the said three gazettes and newspapers re-take oa*peftively before mentioned, to the said justices at any such session ir the adjournment thereof, that such notices were inserted in the London and Dublin gazettes, and other newspapers respectively, s were required in manner aforesaid, and that the person or persons so applying was or were actually a prisoner or prisoners on he first day of January one thousand eight hundred and four, and KK2 has

500 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. 108. [1804.

has or have ever since continued to be a prisoner or prisoners, in the prison or prisons, gaol or gaols, in which his, her, or their name or names is or are specified in the lift delivered in at such ifirst or second session, or any adjournment thereof, or in some other prison or gaol as aforesaid, in pursuance of this act, and shall in open court, at the said general quarter session or general session or any adjournment thereof, subscribe and deliver in a true schedule or account of all his or her real estate, in possession, re-verfton, remainder, or expectancy, and of any other nature and kind whatsoever, and also the whole of his or her personal estate, which he or she, or any person or persons in trust for him or her, or for his or her use, benefit, or advantage, is or are seised of, interested in, or entitled to, or was or were in his, her, or their 'posseffioft, custody, or power, or which he, she, or they, or such person or persons had any power of disposing of, or charging for his, her, or their benefit or advantage, at any time since his, her, or their commitment to prison, with the names of his or her Several debtors, and where they respectively live, or may be met with, and the several sums of money from them respectively owing, and how the same respectively became due and are seemed; and if by mortgage, Specialty, contract, note, or other writing, then the name or names, and places of abode of the several witnesses who can prove such debts or contracts (if there be any such); and shall also make oath and Swear to the following effect, according to the Special circumstances, so far as the same shall be confident with the provisions herein after contained; that is to say.

Oath. " T A\ B. upon my corpora! oath, in the presence of Almighty JL God, do solemnly swear, protest, and declare. That on the day of

I was really and truly a prisoner in the actual custody of in the prison or gaol of at the suit of

without any fraud or collusion whatsoever; and that I have ever since my commitment continued a prisoner within the prison of in the actual custody

of the keeper or gaoler of the said prison of

{or mentioning some oth^r prison or prisons, as the case may fe) or within the liberties thereof, at the suit of and without any fraud or collusion whatsoever; and that the schedule now delivered by me, and subscribed, doth contain, to the bed of my knowledge, remerribrance, and belief, a full, ju % true, and perfe# account and discovery of all the goods, effects and estates, real and personal, in possession, reversion, remainder, or expectancy, and of every other nature and kind whatsoever, which I, or any person in trust for me, or for my benefit or advantage, am or is seised or possessed of, interested in, or entitled to, or was or were in my possession, custody, or power, or in the possession, custody, or power of any such person as aforesaid, or which I or such person had any power of disposing of or charging for my benefit or advantage, at any time since my commitment

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 108. 501.

to prison j and of all debts which are to me owing, or to any person or persons in trust for me, and of all the securities and contraCU whereby any money now is or will or may hereafter become payable, or any benefit or advantage may accrue to me or to my use, or to any person or persons in trust for me, and the names and places of abode of the several persons from whom such debts are due and owingj and of the witnesses that can prove such debts or contracts (if any such there be); and that neither I, nor any other person or persons in trust for me or for my use, have any lands, money, stock, or any estate, real or personal, in possession, reversion, remainder, or expectancy, or of any nature or kind whatsoever, other than what are in the said schedule contained, except wearing apparel and bedding for myself and family, working tools, and necessary implements for my occupation and calling, together with a sum of money not exceeding five pounds, and these in the whole not exceeding the value of thirty pounds, and that I have not, nor any person for me hath, directly or indirectly, sold, leftened, or otherwise conveyed, disposed of in trust, or concealed, all or any part of my lands, money, goods, chattels, stock, debts, securities, contracts, or estate, real or persona), whereby to secure the same, or to receive or expect any profit or advantage therefrom, or with an intent to defraud or deceive any creditor or creditors, to whom I am or was indebted, in anywise howsoever.

44 So help me GOD/*

And the said schedule and oath shall be by every such debtor sub- Schedule and feribed in the presence of the justices in open session of the peace, oath to be as hereby directed, and shall be kept by and remain with the by

clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk ofth€ or the peace for the county, riding, city, liberty, division, town, or place where the same shall be subscribed and taken, for the better information of all the creditors of such debtor who shall desire or may have occasion to resort thereto; and every such creditor shall be at liberty, at seasonable times in the day-time, to peruse and examine the same.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the justices of the peace, Court, at the yrithin their respective jurisdictions, at any such general quarter re<]»eft of*session or general session or adjournment thereof, at the requbft*

of any creditor or creditors of any such debtor, are hereby autho- gaokison rifed to cause the deputy warden and marshal of the Fleet and oath.

King's bench prison, or any other under officer, tipstaff, and turnkey of any prison or gaol, and any other person within their respective jurisdictions, to come before them, and to examine them respectively on oath, touching any of the matters contained in any of the oaths prescribed by this act to be taken, and the truth thereof; and if the oath which shall ijave been taken in ppen court by any debtor or debtors shall not be disproved by good testimony of any credible person or persons on oath, and such justices, or the major part of them present at any such general quarter session of general session, or any adjournment thereof,

oz Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 108. [1804.

shall be satisfied with the truth of the oath taken by such respeo'tive debtor, then such justices shall in such session, or Tome adjournment thereof, adjudge such debtor or debtors to be entitled to the benefit of this act, and shall order the said sheriff or (he* riffs, keeper or keepers, gaoler or gaolers of such prifen or prisons, forthwith to set at liberty such prisoner or prisoners, without having or taking any fee or reward other than one shilling for the trouble of his attendance with every such prisoner at the said session for his said discharge; and every such order of such strf-tices, whether duly made or not, shall be a sufficient discharge to the sheriff or sheriffs, keeper or keepers, gaoler or gaolers of such prison or prisons, ailing in obedience thereto, and shall indem-. nify him or them against any escape or escapes, allion or allions whatsoever for escape, which shall or may be brought, commenced, or prosecuted against him or them.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the estate, right, title, interest, and trust of such debtor, of, in, and unto all the real estate, as well freehold and copyhold as customary, and to all the personal estate, debts, and effects of every such debtor, shall, immediately after such adjudication, be, and the same is hereby vested in the clerk of the peace, town ^><toCffiYh°the c^cr^>or ot^r officer ailing as clerk of the peace of and for the is a gn e county^ riding, city, town corporate, division, liberty, or place, where any debtor shall be respectively discharged; and every such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, is hereby directed and required to make an alignment and conveyance of every such debtor's estate and effeQsvested in such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer ailing at clerk of the peace as aforesaid, to such creditor or creditors of the said debtor, as the justices at any general or quarter feffioo of the peace, or at any adjournment thereof which shall be held by them within their respective jurisdictions, shall order and direli; which assignment and conveyance shall be good and effectual in the law to all intents and purposes whatsoever, without being wrote on parchment or paper stamped, to vest the estates thereby assigned and conveyed in the party or parties to whom the same shall be so assigned and conveyed, his, her, and their heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, according to the estate and interest the debtor had therein 5 and every such assignmeru and conveyance shall be in trust for the benefit of the creditor or creditors of every such debtor to whom the same shall be made, and the rest of the creditors of every such debtor, in respect of or in proportion to their respective debts; and every person or persons to whom any such assignment and conveyance as aforesaid shall be made, is and are hereby fully empowered to sue from time to time, as there may be occasion, in his, her, or their own name or names, for the recovery and obtaining any estate or effects of any such debtor, and also to execute any trust or power veiled in or created for the use or benefit of any such debtor, but in trust for the benefit of him or themselves, and the rest of the creditors of every such debtor, and to give

Estate and elicits of debtor discharged vested in the clerk of the

fanr.e to such creditors as the court shall direct, in trust.

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 108. 503

such discharge and discharges to any person or persons who shall respectively be indebted to such debtor as may be requisite 5 and Assignees to every such assignee or assignees shall, with all convenient speed, §ebtor^8 cf-after his, her, or their accepting such assignment or conveyance, fc^g. use his and their bell endeavours to receive and get in the estate and effects of every such debtor, and shall with all convenient speed make sale of all the estates of such debtor vetted in such assignee or assignees; and if such debtor shall be interested in or entitled to any real estate, either in possession, reversion, or expectancy, the same, within the space of two months after such aisignment and conveyance, shall be sold by publick auction, in such manner and at such place as the major part of the creditors of any such debtor, who shall assemble together on any notice in writing published in the London Gazette, or in Tome daily paper, if the debtor before his going to prison resided in London or in the weekly bills of mortality, or if in Dublin or the county of Dublin, in the Dublin Gazette, or in some daily paper printed and published at Dublin, and if elsewhere, then in some newspaper which shall be published in or near the county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or place, in which such debtor dwelled before he or she was committed to prison, thirty days before any such sale shall be made, shall under his hand or their hands agree on 3 and every such assignee or assignees, at the end of three months'at farthest from the time of his or their accepting any such af<* signment or conveyance as aforesaid, shall make a fair and just dividend of all such debtor's estate and effects which shall have a?*?to wake been then recovered amongst his or her creditors, in proportion dividends, and in regard to each creditor's respective debt; but before any such dividend shall be made, such assignee or assignees shall make up an account of such debtor's estate, and make oath in writing before one or more justice or justices of the peace of the county, riding, or division, town, liberty, or place in which any such debtor shall have been discharged, that every such account contains a fair and just account of the estate and effects of every such debtor got in by or for such assignee or assignees, and of all payments made in respect thereof, and that all payments in every such account charged were truly and bona fide made and paid; and notice of the making of every such dividend shall be published in like manner as a meeting of the creditors is herein-before directed to be published, thirty days at least before the given, same shall be made; and no creditor shall be allowed to receive any share of such dividend until he shall have made out the just-ness and indentity of his debt by oath, or due proof in writing, before some such justice or justices; and if any creditor of such debtor shall be dissatisfied with the reality or fairness of any debt claimed by any other creditor, then the ftme, at the request of any such creditor or creditors so dissatisfied, shall be examine4 into by the justices of the county, riding, division, city, liberty, or place in which such debtor shall have been adjudged to have been entitled to the benefit of this act, at their next general or quarter session or some adjournment thereof, and what they shall

504 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 108, [1804.

there determine in the premises shall be conclusive to all parties; Surplus effects and if, after payment of all the creditors of such debtor, there thedc1>tw*n to an^ c^ate an(* remain alter payment of all

c °*reasonable charges, the same shall be paid to such debtor, his executors or administrators.

Creditors for

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all abkU?u*anPA^" an<* every creditor and creditors of any debtor who shall be futurVtime, discharged by virtue of this act, for any sum or sums of money to receive di- payable by way of annuity or otherwise, ' at any future time or vi.Wnds as times, by virtue of any bond, covenants, or other securides of irilffioiTof any nafure whatsoever, may be and shall be entitled to be bankruptcy, admitted a creditor or creditors, and may and shall be entitled to receive a dividend or dividends of the estate of such debtor, in such manner and upon such terms and conditions as such creditor or creditors would have been entitled unto by the laws now in force if such debtor had become bankrupt, and without prejudice in future to their respective securiti; otherwise than as the same would have been affected by a pro made in respect: hereof by the creditor under a commission of bankrupt*, and a certificate obtained by the bankrupt under such commission.

XV. And, for obviating any doubts whch may otherwise art ft bm Jar the fever atpowers and authorities by this all vested in or given to clerks of the peace, may be lawfully done, exercised, or performed by the deputy or deputies of the clerk of the peace for the county palatine

Lancaster (the said office of clerk of the peace for the said county of Lancaster being held by Utters patent from his Majesty, with the power of executing the same by deputy or deputies); be it further Powers of the enacted and declared, That all conveyances and alignments of C<^Ice foMhe c^ale anc* effects of any debtor or debtors, and all other acts, countydeeds, matters, and things, which shall be done, exercised, or Lancaster to performed in the execution of this act, by any deputy or deputies extend to his of the clerk of the peace for the said county palatine of Lancaster, deputies. or by the person or persons who for tho time being shall exercise and perform the trusts and duties of the hid office within and for the said county palatine, shall be of Hie same force, validity, and effect in the law, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had been done, executed, and performed by the clerk of the peace for the said county palatine of Lancaster for the time being.

XVI. And, to the intent that no loss may arise to any creditor or creditors from any neglect or omission in the schedule not containing the whole of the estate, real or personal, belonging to any debtor who shall apply for his or her discharge under the authority of this aB; be it

Efhtesof enacted, That all the estate, whether real or personal, which debtors not shall belong to any debtor or debtors, and of which he, she, or schVdule tVbe l^cy» 8*11 ^e anally goflefled or entitled unto at the time of vetted in the making such schedule, shall be deemed and taken to be part of clei kof the the estate contained in such schedule, though not inserted therein, p: ace. and shall in like manner become vested in the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as such, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had been contained in such schedule, and had

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 108. 505.

had been delivered into the court according to the directions of this act.

XVII. Provided always, and be.it enacted, That no person Holders of holding any security whatsoever, for which such debtor never received any valuable consideration, shall be entitled to receive ^deration not any benefit from the estate of such debtor, unless the person entitled to any holding such security shall make it appear to the satisfaction of benefit.

die justices at same general or quarter session or adjournment thereof, that he or she became possessed of the same bond side and for good or valuable consideration.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case of Estates to vest

the death or removal of any clerk of the peace, town clerk, orin clerk of other officer acting as clerk of the peace as aforesaid, in whom [het^ebcin& the estate, right, title, interest, or trust of any debtor or debtors*

shall have veiled by the authority of this act, every such estate,

right, title, interest, and trust* shall become vested in the successor or successors to every such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace as aforesaid respectively, as the case may be, to all intents and purposes whatsoever under the provsions of this act.

XIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no suit in equity No suit in shall be commenced by any assignee or assignees of any such equity with-debtor's estate and effects without the consent of the major Part ^majority in value of the creditors of such debtor, who shall meet together in vnlui otthe pursuant to a notice to be given at lead ten days before such creditors, meeting in the London Gazette, or Dublin Gazette, as the case

may be, or other newspaper which shall be published in the neighbourhood of the last residence of such debtor or debtors for that purpose.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, schedules to That the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as be produced clerk of the peace for every respective county, city, and county by clerks of town, and county, riding, division, cinque port, liberty, and theP*acc place, with whom any schedule of the estates of any insolventcre or8# debtor or debtors shall be left, and his successors, clerk of the

peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace as aforesaid, shall, on the reasonable request of any creditor or creditors of such insolvent debtor or debtors, or his or their attorney, produce and shew to such creditor or creditors, or his ot their attorney, in the day-time, the schedule of the estate of any such insolvent debtor or debtors which shall be left with any such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, or his predecessor in that office, the person so requiring to fee and peruse any such schedule paying or tendering to the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, in whose custody any such schedule shall be, or his deputy, the sum of one (lulling for his trouble in searching for and looking out such schedule, and attending whilst the same shall be perused by the party requiring to have the same looked out, and to peruse the same; and that a true cof>y of every such schedule, signed by the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other

officer

Assignees to compound with lords of manors for copyhold cftatcft.

The debtor's right alone to be asserted by the art.

officer acting as clerk of the peace, in whose custodjr the same shall be, or his deputy, purporting the same to be a true copy of such schedule, without being wrote on damped paper, and for which copy no more shall be paid than sixpence by the (beet, each sheet containing seventy-two words, and so in proportion for a less number of words, shall at all times be admitted in all courts whatsoever as legal evidence of the same; and if any clerk of the peace or his deputy, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, shall, on reasonable request as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to produce to any such creditor or creditors as aforesaid, or his or their attorney, any such schedule as aforesaid, and to permit the same to be inspected as aforesaid in the day-time, on such payment or lender as aforesaid being made to him, or shall a(k or take more than after the rate of sixpence by the sheet, each sheet to contain seventy-two words, and so in proportion for less than seventy-two words in a sheet, or shall refuse to make and deliver a copy of any such schedule, on being requeued as aforesaid so to make the same, and having the money tendered to him for payment of such copy after the rate aforesaid, shall for every such oiFence forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, which shall and may be sued for and recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, by action of debt, together with treble costs of suit, in the name of any person who shall prosecute for the same; and one moiety of which sum forfeited dial), when recovered, go to the party who prosecuted for the same, and the other moiety thereof to the poor of the parish in which the offence shall be committed.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That before such time as any assignee or assignees as aforesaid shall enter on or take any profit from any copyhold or customary estate as aforesaid, he or they shall agree and compound with the lord or lords of the manor or manors of whom the same shall be holden for the payment of such fine or income, as upon any surrender and admission thereto hath heretofore been most usually accustomed to be paid; and that upon every stich agreement or competition made the said lord or lords for the time being, at the next court, or some subsequent court which shall be holden for the said manor or manors, shall admit such assignee or assignees, tenant or tenants to such copyhold or customary estate, according to the custom of the said manor or manors of which the same shall be holden, and for and during such estate and interest as the said debtor had therein at the time of his or her being discharged as aforesaid, reserving the rents, duties, hcriots, customs, and services, payable and to be rendered in respect of the said copyhold

or customary estate.

XXII. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prejudice or assert any estate or interest, or right whatsoever, of any person or persons other than the said debtor, I which may be expectant upon or subject unto the estate or interest of the said debtor, hereby vested in the said clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace; but that all the estate, interest, and light whatsoever, of every

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. ip8. 507

other person or persons, shall remain, continue, and be favcd to them in the same manner as if this act had not been made.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act shall extend or be Mortgages to construed to binder or prevent any mortgage or mortgages, take place of charges, or liens, upon the estate of such debtor or debtors, or ^hbns of an any part thereof, to take place upon the lands, tenements, ort^l°rna" hereditaments, or personal estate7 or effects comprised in or charged or affected by such mortgage or mortgages, charges or liens respectively; nor to prevent any statute staple, statute merchant, recognizance or judgement, acknowledged by or obtained against any such debtor or debtors, to take place upon the lands, tenements, or real estate of such debtor or debtors, and also where any inquisition shall have been taken upon any such statute or recognizance, or any writ or execution shall hgve been taken out and delivered to the sheriffor propey officer upon any such judgement, before such discharge shall be given in open session to any such debtor as aforesaid, the personal estate of every such debtor respectively shall be fobjed thereto, in the (irft place, for so much as shall remain due upon such mortgage, charge, lien, statute, recognizance, or judgement respectively, in like manner as such mortgagees and persons having such charges or liens, and creditors by statute, recognizance, or judgement, would have been preferred to other creditors of an inferior nature against the real or personal estate of such debtor and debtors respectively if this act bad not been made; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXIV. And whereas many persons who may be intitled to and claim the benefit of this act, are seised and poffiffed of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to hold to such debtors for the term of their natural lives, with power of granting leaps and taking fines, reserving small rents on such estates, for one, two, or three lives in possession or reversion, or forfome number of years determinable upon lives\ or have powers over real or personal estate, which such debtors could execute for their own advantage, and which said powers ought to be executed for tin benefit of the creditors oj such debtor \ be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Power of in every such case all and every the powers of leafing such ^vested^a lands, teqements, and hereditaments, and all other such^Jifignee'iL powers as aforesaid over real or personal estate, which are or shall be vested in any such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid,

shall be and are hereby vested in the assignee or assignees of the real and personal estate of such prisoner by virtue of this act, to be by such assignee or assignees executed for the benefit of aft and every the creditors of such prisoners as aforesaid.

XXV. And whereas in some prisons or gaols in the United Kingdom the office or keeper of gaoler is held in fee for life or otherwise, by persons who never aft as keepers or gaolers themselves, or know any thing of the prisoners therein, but depute or employ

some

508 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 108. [1804.

same person or persons under them as keepers or gaolers of such The acting prisons or gaols; be it therefore enacted, ' That in every such case gaoler, at the the person who shall have been actually employed and acted time of deli- as deputy keeper or gaoler of any such prison or gaol at the

to?ake the* t*me delivcrinSn the hereby directed to be

oath* delivered in of prisoners in any such prison or gaol, at any

general or quarter sessions of the peace, or some adjournment thereof, and not the principal keeper or gaoler (unless where such principal keeper or gaoler shall act as keeper or gaoler himself) shall take the oath herein before appointed to be taken by the keeper or gaoler of every such prison or gaol.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Gaoler, on That the justices at any general quarter sessions of the peace, or rCqd*tft°t adjournment thereof, to which any such prisoner shall be bTfwonu ° brightn pursuance of this act, shall, if required by any creditor or creditors of any such prisoner or prisoners who shall oppose his or her discharge, administer and give to the keeper or gaoler, or the person who acts as keeper or gaoler of any such prison or gaol at the time of bringing up any such prisoner in order to be discharged under this act, an oath, to the following effect i that is to say.

I A.B. do swear. That was really and

' JL truly a prisoner in my custody in the prison of [or

in custody in some other prison or prisons, as the case may be] to the bed of my knowledge and belief, at or upon the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and four, and hath since continued to be a prisoner in my prison [or in custody in some other prison or prisons, as the case may be], and that the copy or copies of the cause or causes of his [or, her] commitment or detainer, now by me brought with the body of the Taid

and produced to the said court, is [or, are] a true copy or copies of the cause or causes of such commitment qc detainer, without any fraud or deceit by me, or any other person whatsoever, to the bed of my knowledge and belief.

'So help me GOD."

If the person And if any person who was keeper or gaoler or deputed delivering in or gaoler of any such prison or gaol on the said first

gs(oler?on 1 day of J*ry one thousand eight hundred and four, or since,

Ian. x, 1804, shall not happen to be the keeper or gaoler or deputed keeper or he Hi all take gaoler of any such prison or gaol, at the tinTe any such lid as the following aforesajj js hereby required to be delivered in, then the judices at any such fdTion or at any adjournment thereof may and are hereby required to administer and give to the respective person or persons who shall be keeper or gaoler or deputed

keeper or gaoler of any such prison or gaol, and deliver in any such lift as aforesaid at any such general or quarter session or any adjournment thereof, an oath touching the commitments, or books of commitment, of any such prison or gaol, to the effect following; that is to say,

"I J.B.

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 108. 509

ctT y/. B, do swear, That I haye examined the commitments Oath.

X cor books kept of or concerning the commitment of prisoners to the prison of in the county, riding*

division, city, town, place, or liberty of [as the case

may be] and that I do Verily believe, that the said commitments or books of commitment are really true and not fictitious, nor calculated for this purpose; and by them it doth appear that

was on the day of

and hath since continued to be, really and truly a prisoner in the actual custody of the then

keeper or gaoler, or deputy keeper or gaoler of the said prison or gaol [1or other prison or prisons, as the case may be] without fraud or deceit by me, or any other person or persons, to my knowledge and belief,

t( So help me GOD/*

XXVII. And, fin order to discover any fraudulent entries or commitments of prifomrs in any prison or gaol books, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the justices at any At the re* general or quarter session of the peace, or anjr adjournment ^itorsKaoIera thereof, are hereby authorised, at the request of any creditor or may be creditors of any prisoner, to convene before them, at some mined on certain time to be appointed by them, any person or persons oa^h it the who was or were keeper or gaoler, or deputed keeper or gaoler of any prison or gaol within their respective jurisdictions, Commit-on the said fir (I day of January one thousand eight hundred and meats, four, or at any time since, and to examine every such keeper or gaoler, or deputed keeper or gaoler, on oath, touching the commitment and continuance in custody of any such prisoner,

33 the justices at any such general or quarter session, or adjournment thereof, shall think fit; and if any sheriff, keeper, Penalty on or gaoler, or deputed keeper or gaoler, shall neglect or refuse sheriffd, to bring before any such justices at any session of the peace, or disobeying adjournment thereof, any such prisoner as shall be directed and ?rj*?rs required by warrant of any justice or justices as aforesaid, or J 1 to attend on being summoned for that purpose, he shall on conviction suffer six months imprisonment; or if any keeper or gaoler attending shall refuse to make answer and discovery in the premises as shall be reasonably required at such general or quarter session, or any adjournment thereof, he, she, or they so offending in the premises, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered by and in the name and for the use of the party injured, by action of debt, to be brought in his or her name, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster or Dublin, as the case may be, together with treble costs of fuir.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any keeper or gaoler of any prison, or his deputy Penalty oo or deputies, shall, without just cause, to be approved ot gJint^r of the justices at some general quarter session or general session of g^ettcs° nA the peace, or adjournment thereof, within their respective comply

jurisdictions,

gulations of Uii ad.

with the re- jurisdictions, refuse or delay to bring any such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid to any such general quarter fefficai or general session, or adjournment thereof, in order to his or her discharge, or shall neglect, refuse, or designedly omit to insert in any such lift the name or names of any such prisoner or prisoners, who Was or were actually in custody in his or their respective prison or gaol on the said first day of January one thousand eight hundred and four, or shall neglect or refuse to make out, fix up, or deliver such lifts as aforesaid; or if any keeper or gaoler, or deputed keeper or gaoler, shall neglect or refuse to take any of the said oaths before mentioned, and hereby required to be taken by him, or shall upon any account or pretence whatsoever take or receive more than the said sum of one shilling herein-before allowed for his or htr attendance, in order to be discharged of such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid, or shall detain any such prisoner after he or she shall be dif-tharged as aforesaid; or if the printer of the London Gazette or Dublin Gazette respectively, or other -newspaper, as aforesaid, shall wilfully refuse or neglect to insert therein the notice by this act directed to be given, on reasonable request to him made for that purpose, and tender of the money hereby directed to be paid, or shall take or receive any fee or gratuity more than four-pence as aforesaid for doing thereof; every such keeper and gaoler of such prison or prifor.s, his deputy or deputies, and every such printer as aforesaid, shall respectively forfeit and pay to each prisoner in every such case injured, the sum of one hundred pounds, which shall and may be recovered, with treble costs of suit, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of the courts of record at Westminster or Dublin as the case may be, wherein no essoign, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any keeper or keepers, gaoler or gaolers, or any deputy keeper or gaoler of any prison, shall, in taking of the aforementioned oaths, forswear and perjure themselves, and shall thereof be lawfully convicted, such keeper or gaoler, or deputed keeper or gaoler of such prison or prisons (over and above the penalties to be inflicted on persons convicted of perjury), shall upon every such conviction forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds, to be recovered, with full costs, by bill, plaint, or information, or action of debt, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster or Dublin respectively, as the case may be, wherein no essoign, protection, or wager of law shall be allowed, by and in the name of such person or persons, his and their executors and administrators, to whom any alignment or conveyance in pursuance of this act shall be made of the estate and effects of such prisoner or prisoners and if no such assignee or assignees shall be living, then in the name or names of any other creditor or creditors who shall foe for the said penalties, to be applied, one moiety to the informer or informers; and the other moiety towards satisfactioa of the debts of such his creditor or creditors.

Penalties on gaolers for perjury.

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 108. 511

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any clerk of Penalty on le peace or his deputy, or town clerk, or other officer acting ^Ycenot* s clerk of the peace, shall delay or refiife to give every of any ^vtoVcopics jeh prisoner adjudged to be entitled to his discharge as of adjudicator e said, within fourteen days after such adjudication, a copy tion of diff the order of adjudication, on the payment of two shillings and xpence, or shall take more than the sum of two shillings and xpence for such copy, or shall take more than one (hil-ng for an assignment or conveyance of such prisoner's estate nd effects, every such clerk of the peace or his deputy, or own clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, who hall so offend, and who shall be convicted at any such general >r quarter session of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, of ny such offence, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay o every such prisoner the sum of twenty pounds, as the ustices of the peace at such general or quarter session of the >eace, or adjournment thereof, shall order, and who are lereby empowered to cause the same to be levied by distress tnd sale of the goods of any such clerk of the peace, or his leputy, or town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the >eace, so offending.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any debtor as aforesaid, who shall take the Debtor* benefit of this act, shall wilfully forswear and perjure himself, shall^uffer icrself, or themselves, in any oath to be taken under this act, a, [or wjifux ind shall be lawfully convicted thereof, he, she, or they so perjury, offending, shall fuffeV such punishment as by law may be nfli&ed on persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-

aid, That no person entitled to the benefit of this act shall at Dehtoro diC-my time hereafter be imprisoned by reason of any judgement be

or decree obtained for payment of money only, or for any imprisoned iebt, bond, damages, contempts for non-payment of money, for debts: ofts, sum or fuma of money contracted, incurred, occassioned, P^01, to >wing, or growing due, before the said first day of January onean*x* 1 thousand eight hundred and four; but that upon every arrest jpon every judgement or such decree, or for such debts, ferriages, contempts, costs, sum and sums of money, it shall ind may be lawful for any judge of the court where the process filied, or for any two justices of the peace, upon shewing the: opy of the order of adjudication as aforesaid, to release and lifeharge out of custody such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid, md at the same time to order the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such uit or suits to pay such prisoner or prisoners the costs he, (he, k* they shall have incurred on such occasion, or so much hereot as to such judge or justices shall seem just and rea-onable; and every such judge is hereby empowered so to do,

>n such prisoner's causing a common appearance to be entered 'or him in every such action or suit.

XXXIII. And whereas under former acts of this kind doubts have arisen what was to be done with such prisoners who applied

at

Prisoners who, on application as insolvent

512 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 10S.

[1804.

at any session to be discharged, tube owed and flood charged with debts as well previous as subsequent to the day limited by the respectivt Prisoners not acts\ To remedy which, be it therefore enacted by theautho-discharged of rity aforesaid, That no prisoner or prisoners shall be difcfaarged ^uentto*- an^tS, ncurre^ subsequent to the first day of January ^».Di9^8o4* one thousand eight hundred and four 5 and if it shall appear9to the justices at any session pr adjournment, that any prisoner or prisoners then applying to them to be discharged shall Hand charged as well with debts previous to as subsequent to the said first day of January one thousand eight hundred and four, that in such cases it shall and may be lawful to and for the justices to discharge the person of such prisoner on account of all debts incurred previous to the said first day of January one thousand eight hundred and four, and to remand him or her back to the custody of the keeper of the prison from whence he or she was brought, for all debts with which he or (be {lands charged with in his custody incurred subsequent to the said first day of January one thousand eight hundred and four.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any person, being a prisoner, charged in execution on the said first day of January one thousand eight hundred and four, and having before or Cnee that day petitioned debtors, have any court to be discharged as an insolvent debtor, and having been remand- conformed to the several provisions of the laws in being for ed back and that purpose, shall have been brought up, and by the court Saraedwith- before which such prisoner was so brought up remanded back out their con-to prison or gaol from which such prisoner was brought up, sent, entitled there to continue in execution on the undertaking of his or her to the benefit plaintiff or plaintiffs, to pay to him or her two shillings and of this act. four-pence weekly, and every or such other allowance as by

law is directed to be paid in such case, during such time as such prisoner should remain in execution at the suit of such plaintiff or plaintiffs; and such prisoner so continued in execution shall have been or shall be discharged from such execution by his or her plaintiff or plaintiffs without his or her own privity or consent, subsequent to the said first day of January one thousand eight hundred and four, and before the day whereon he or she might otherwise have applied to take the benefit of this act, every such prisoner shall be entitled, notwithstanding such discharge, to the same relief and advantage, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, which be or (he might or could have otherwise obtained by virtue of tbs act j any thing herein contained to the contrary ootwith-standing.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-A&nfeybe said. That if any action of escape, or any (hit or nStion be pleaded to brought against any justice or justices of the peace, sheriff, tfcape &c/ deeper or gaoler of any prison, for performing their otfice in p9pursuance of this act, they may plead the general issue, and give this act in evidence j and if the plaintiff be nonsuited, or discontinue his action, or verdict pass against hnv, or judgement upon the demurrer, the defendant shall have treble costs.

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 108.

[Act may be

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any scire facias or action of debt shall bfe brought PJj*d^ r£c- against any such prisoner, upon any judgement obtained against pl

any such prisoner, or on any statute or recognizance acknowledged by him or her before the said first day of Januaty one thousand eight hundred and four, it shall and may be lawful for any such prisoner to plead generally, in discharge of his or her person front execution, that stich prisoner was actually a prisoner in such prison, or in same other prison or prisons at such a person's suit on the said first day of January one thousand eight hundred and four, and was or were duly discharged according to this act, at the general quarter session or general session, or adjournment thereof, held at such time and place for such county, riding, division, liberty, city, town, or place (at his, or her, case is), without pleading any matter specially; and in case any other suit ocaction shall be commenced against him, or her, for any other debt, Aim or Turns of money, due before the said first day of January one thousstfnd eight hundred and four, to plead in discharge of his or her person from execution (over and above such matters of imprisonment and discharge as aforesaid), that such debt or sum of money (as the.case shall happen) was contrafted or due before the said first day of January one thousand eight hundred and four, without pleading any other matter specially, where to the plaintiff shall or may reply generally, and deny the matters pleaded as aforesaid, or reply any other matter or thing which may shew the said defendant not to be entitled to the benefit of this act, or no'tduly discharged according to it, in the same manner as the plaintiff might have replied in case the defendant had pleaded this act, and the several fasts entitling him to his discharge, by virtue of the same specially; and if the plaintiff be nonsuited, discontinue his action, or verdict pass against him, or judgement on demurrer, either upon such scire 7facias or such action of debt, upon judgement brought or other suit or action commenced as aforesaid, the defendant shall have treble costs.

XXXVII. Provided always, That nothing in this act con- Act not to tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to release or extend to discharge any attorney at law, or solicitor, or any other person ittrn*tCf ar_ or persons acting or pretending to act as such, with regard to ^mo-any debt with which he or they shall stand charged for any llCy, money or other effects recovered and received by him or them

for the use of any person or persons, bodies corporate or politick, and by any attorney, solicitor, or other person or persons acting as such, embezzled, concealed, or converted to his or their own u(e, or to release or discharge any servant or agent, or any other person or persons employed or entrusted as such, with regard to any debt or demand with which he, she, or they shall stand charged, for or on account of any money, goods, or other eftefts received or possessed by him, her, or them, for the use and on account of his, her, or their.Vol. XLV. L L matter

514 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 108. [1804.

Nor to perfofts obtaining money on false pre*.traces;

Nor to prisoners remanded to prison under any insolvent act, for fraudulently obtaining money, &cc,

Nor to persons charged in execution for damages recovered in any action for crirritnl conciliation, Uc.

master or mailers, or employers, and by such servant or agent embezzled, concealed, or converted to his, her, or their own u(e; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And whereas many evil-disposed persons, to fitppert their profligate way of ltfe % have by various subtle straUgems, throats, and devices, fraudulently obtained divers sums of money, goods, wares, merchandizes, bonds, bills of exchange, promissary notes, or other securities for money, to the great injury of indtsjhrious families, and to the manifest prejudice of trade and credit; be ttenacted, That no prisoner who knowingly and designedly, by false pretence or pretences, shall have obtained from any person or persons, money, goods, wares, merchandizes, bonds, bills of exchange, pro mi (Tory notes, or other securities for money, shall have or receive any benefit or discharge by or under this act; but the justices at any general or quarter session of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, before whom any such prisoners shall be brought, upon due proof of the matter made to their satisfaction, shall remand such prisoner to the custody of the gaoler or keeper of the prison from whence he or she shall have been brought; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. Provided always, That no prisoner who shall have been remanded to prison under any ad heretofore passed for the relief of insolvent debtors, for having fraudulently obtained money, goods, or securities for money, on false pretences, or for having secretly and fraudulently removed (lock, cattk, or other effects, which werje subject or liable to be detained for rent; or who shall have loft or forfeited the benefit of any such former act by having made any fraudulent sale, transfer, conveyance, or alignment, since his or her imprisonment, to the prejudice of the fair and honest creditor; or who shall have obtained a discharge under any such former act fraudulently; or shall have taken an oath under such ad, or under the ad commonly called The Lords* Act, any part of which was not true; shall have or receive any benefit or discharge by or tinder this act; but the justices at any general or other session of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, before whom any such prisoner shall be brought, upon due proof of the matter made to their satisfaction, shall remand such prisoner to the custody of the gaoler or keeper of the prison from which he or she shall have been brought, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: provided also, that no person charged in execution for damages recovered in any action for criminal conversation with the wife of the plaintiff in such action, or in any action for seducing and carnally knowing the daughter or female servant of the plaintiff, or in any action for a malicious prosecution, or for any other malicious injury, shall have any benefit under this act, except only in cases where the plaintiff in such actions respectively shall be dead, and no person iiiail have obtained probate of the will or letters

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 108. 5x5

of administration of the effects of such plaintiff within twelve months after the decease of such plaintiff.

XL. And whereas many debtors for rents of lands, messuages$ houses, or other premifesy havey with fraudulent intent to disappoint the right of their respective landlords, removed the flock y cattle, furniture, goodiy or other effists, which were subject and liable to be distrained for the satisfaction of the said rents; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no prisoner or prisoners, who, in a secret, dan- Nor to per-destine, or fraudulent manner, shall have removed or caused tofons removing be removed within six years before the passing of this aid, anycflk* such flock, cattle, furniture, goods, or effects, of the value °^Uabletobe# fifty pounds or upwards, which were subject or liable to be oi/trained for distrained by their respective landlords for or in payment of rent* such rent or rents, whereby such landlord or landlords shall have loft all or some part of the rent or rents due to him, hef, or them, as aforesaid, shall be discharged by or under this act, but shall, on due proof of the matter as aforesaid, be remanded in manner herein-before mentioned; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLI. And whereas many debtors havfy with a view to defraud their creditorSyfoldy transferredy conveyed, or assigned their estate and effefls to some person or persons, subsequent to their being in custody of law, or imprisoned under some process for debt: and whereas such faley transfer, conveyance or assignment, hath been fraudulently made % to the infinite 'prejudice of the fair and honest creditor though sufficient proof could not be obtained to convifl the party of a fraudulent,

defegn: be it enacted, That whenever it shall be proved by one Nor to p-r-or more credible witness or witnesses, to the satisfaction of the f°n* felling court to which any prisoner shall be brought up in order to obtain his or her discharge, that such prisoner has fold, trans- acdi/ ferred, conveyed, or assigned to any person or persons, all or tors, any part of his estate or effects subsequent to the time of his imprisonment, without just cauft? for so doing, to be allowed by the justices presiding in such court as aforesaid, every such debtor shall lose all the benefits and advantages that he might otherwise have claimed under the authority of this act, and shall not be entitled to his or her discharge; and every such sale, transfer, conveyance, or alignment, is hereby declared to be null* and void.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Gaolers to That every gaoler or keeper of any prison shall and is hereby permit pri-required to suffer in the day-time any person or persons desiring ^Vw^th the same, to fee and speak in the lodge or some convenient^entry in* room in the said prison, with any prisoner or prisoners whose the books of names are inserted in the before-mentioned list or lists, or the the prison to London or Dublin Gazette, or other newspapers, or any of them; and also to fee in the true and genuine books of the said prison pena y* the entries made of the name or names of such prisoner or prisoners, debtor or debtors, together with the name or names of the person or persons at whose suit or suits he, she, or they are or were detained; and if any such gaoler or keeper shall

I l 2 refuse

516 Anno

Penalty on gaoler making false entries.

Debtors refuting to dlf-cover the trade and abode of the person at whole suit detained, excluded the benefit of the act.

regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 108. [1804.

refuse or neglect to comply with what is hereby above required, every such gaoler or keeper who shall so offend in the premises shall forfeit and pay to the person so refused and aggrieved the sum of forty pounds, to be recovered with costs of suit, bj action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of the courts at Westminster or Dublin, as the case may be, wherein no essoign, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed, by and in the name or names of the person or persons so refused and aggrieved.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any gaoler or keeper or deputed gaoler or keeper of any prison or prisons, shall make or cause to be made any false entries in any book or books belonging to any prison or gaol under his care, or of which he is or was gaoler, or shall prepare or keep, or- cause to be prepared or kept, any false book or books, in order for any false or untrue entry or entries to be made therein \ or shall insert in any lid to be delivered in as aforesaid, the name or names of any person or persons who was or were not in actual custody as aforesaid (except as in the oath of every such gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, shall be excepted), every such gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, shall, over and above the penalrie9 which he shall be liable to for every such fraud, forfeit and pay the fumNof five hundred pounds, to be recovered with treble costs of suit, by and in the name and for the use of any person or persons who shall be prejudiced by any such false entry or entries* which penalties shall and may be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster or Dublin^ as the case may be, wherein no essoign, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any debtor, being thereunto required by any creditor, shall refuse to discover and declare the trade or occupation, and habitation or lad place of abode, of the person or persons at whose suit he or she is or was detained or charged in cudodyj or if any prisoner being called for and desired by any creditor or creditors to come to the lodge of the prison in which any such prisoner shall be confined, shall refuse to come, without some reasonable cause being made appear to the contrary; such debtor, upon proof being made thereof before the justices at any general or quarter session of the peace or adjournment thereof, to be held as aforesaid, shall not have or receive any benefit or discharge by or under this act; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XLV. And whereas there is but one common or county gulfor each of the respective counties of York or Lincoln, which/aid (no* ties are each of them divided into several ridings or divisioni> oS of which have several commissions of the peacey and if the gaoler if these gaols be obliged to carry the debtors prisoners therein to tin quarter session of such riding or division, the same will be a wy great charge not only to such gaoler, but afo to the prisoners in then

Urge

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 108. 517

large counties; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for two or more justices of the peace for any of the ridings or divi^ons in the respective coun- Lincoln may ties (or for any other county or counties where the prisons are hold a session at a distance from the place where the sessions are held) at the near to the common or county gaol thereof respectively, or at same conve- count7 Sao1* nient place near thereto, and they are hereby required to assemble and meet and to hold session there by adjournment from their respective quarter session, from time to time, for the discharge of the respective prisoners therein, according to the powers, limitations, and directions of this act.

XLVI. And whereas the district or division of Holland, in the staid county of Lincoln, is distant near forty miles from the faii county gaoly and it is highly inconvenient and expensive for the justices of the peace ailing for the said division to be obliged to travel to the said gaoly for the file purpose of discharging the prisoners under the powers by this abf given; be it therefore enacted, That for the several purposes aforesaid, the justices for the said division or Holhndmay district of Holland may adjourn their original sessions to the hold an 7 county gaol, or some place near thereunto; and it shall and adjourned may be lawful for any two justices of the peace acting either for the parts* of Lindsey, Kefteveny or Holland, to hold such adjourned sessions for the sole purpose of discharging such prisoners 5 notice of the adjournment of such original sessions being given by the clerk of the sessions to such justices, and who shall attend there to register the proceedings of the said court, so far as the same relate to or affect the discharge of any prisoner detained for debt in the division of Holland, and claiming the benefit of this act.

XLV il. And whereas the next general quarter sessions of the peace for the county of Surrey which shall happen after the passing of this act, may be in the country, and upwards of twenty miles from any of the said prisons; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for such justices as Justices for shall be assembled at the general quarter session of the peace a^ournTo7 to be holden for the county of Surrey next after the passing of Southwark, this act, and they are hereby required forthwith to adjourn the or to the fcf-said sessions to the borough of Southwark, or to the sessions- fions-housein house in Horsemonger Laney in the parish of Newington, in the Lane!005* said county of Surrey, for the purpose of administering the oaths required to be taken and subscribed by this act, by the several gaolers within the said county, and for the discharge of prisoners or other debtors, according to the powers, limitations, and directions of this act.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-Prisoners in said, That all debtors and others, who were in prison on or before the said first day of January one thousand eight hundred {0 be dif-and four, in any of the gaols of the United Kingdom, and now charged, remain there for not paying their fees, rents, or other demands, due or claimed as due to the keeper or keepers of any prison respectively, or to any other officer of such prison, ana

upon

Act not to extend to debtors of the crown, or offenders against the revenue laws.

518 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 108. [1804.

upon no other account, shall be discharged therefrom, he, she, or they taking the oath by this act required to 'be taken by

prisoners.

XLIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall not extend or be construed to extend to discharge any person seeking the benefit of this act, with respect to any debt or penalty with which he or she shall stand charged at the suit of the crown, or of any person, for any offence committed against any act or acts of parliament relative to his Majesty's revenue of customs, excise, damps, or salt duties, or any of them, or any other branches of the publick revenue; or at the suit of any sheriffor other publick officer upon any bail bond entered into for the appearance of any person prosecuted for any offence committed against any act or acts of parliament relaitve to his Majesty's said revenues of customs, excise, damps, or salt duties, or any other branches of publick revenue* unless any three of the lords of of his Majesty's treasury for the time being shall certify their consent under their thands to the justices at their said fd&ons or adjournment thereof for the discharge of such prisoner as aforesaid.

L. And whereas, underformer acts, creditors have been put to great expence and trouble in attending every session and adjournment during the whole continuance of the act* to oppose the discharge of debtors clearly excluded from any benefit under the said respective acts, but utbo9 after having been before one session heard and refuftd a discharge, to narafs their creditors, constantly gave frcjl) notices for eaco subjapunt session and adjournment, of their intended applications to be dischargei\ to remedy which, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases whatever, the determination of the justices in session or adjournment shall be final to all intents and purposes, unless the debtor shall, at the first or second general quarter session of the peace aforesaid, or some adjournment thereof respectively which shall be holden after the session when he or she was remanded, get rid of the objection or objections for which they re fused his discharge; and that the same may be clear and certain, the justices are hereby required to state the objections whv such debtor's discharge is refused by them; and in all cases whatever it shall and may be lawful to and for the justices, at such first or second session of the peace, or some adjournment thereof upon any application from the prisoner, upon due proof on oath made to them by two or more credible witnesses (which oath they are hereby empowered to administer), of such objection or objections being removed, and on proof of notice served at Least ten days previous to such application, on the creditor or creditors who before opposed his discharge, and of such publick notice or notices being given in manner before directed by this act, to order such prisoner to be brought before them, and if they shall then be of opinion the said debtor is entitled to the benefit of this act, to adjudge him or her to be entitled to the benefit of this act; and if a prisoner, to order him or her to be discharged, he or she taking < the

Determinations ofjuf-tiees to ne find, unless the debtor gets rid of the objections to his di (charge.

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 108. 519

the oath, and in all other respects conforming to the directions of this act.

LI. And whereas it may happen that several persons who may claim and hi entitled to the benefit of this act are seised of an estate tail in Jbtne freehold or copyhold lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which entail) with the remainder thereon expectant, they have by law power

defeat and bar, either by levying a fine or fines, fifftring a common recovery or common recoveries, or by the surrender crjurrenders thereof, whereby fitch person or persons fata freehold or copyhold lands, tenements, and hereditaments, would be liable to the payment of their debts, and be delivered up according to the terms of this act, for the benefit of their creditors 3 be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in every such case such person or persons, foMjrteaof seised as aforesaid, and who shall be entitled to and claim the be-ttefit of this act, shall, to all intents and purposes whatsoever in; n t3yf law, be deemed and tafccn, and is and are hereby declared to be to be delivered seised of such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in fee 3 and up to their the same shall be delivered up to such creditor or creditors of c*d*ton. every such prisoner, in the same manner as if such person or persons had actually levied a fine, suffered a common recovery or recoveries, or made a surrender or surrenders thereof, and thereby had become seised in fee; any law or construction of law to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LII. And whereas many persons who may be entitled to and claim the benefit of this act, have been great dealers or otherwise engaged in large transactions, whereby they may be entitled to sundry and great debts and demands, of various and intricate natures, and they may be entitled to equities of redemption of estates subject and liable to mortgages, judgements, or other incumbrances, or to reversions, remainders, or other contingent estates in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or to ether trusts or interest sin estates both real and per final, which may not be sufficiently described or discovered in the fibedule or inventory before directed to be delivered in upon oath by the prisoner to be £f-ebarged as aforesaid, or which may want his aid and assistance to adjust, make out, recover, or manage for the benefit of his creditors; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and Afllgin-es may may be lawful to and for the respective assignees of the estate and PPJy for fur* effects of such debtor or debtors, who shall obtain his, her, or their discharge, in pursuance of this act, or any other person or debtors ro persons duly authorised by them for that purpose, from time to two justices. time, to apply to any two or more of the justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty, where such debtor or debtors shall be then residing, thereby de-firing that such debtor or debtors may be further examined as to any matters or things relating to his, her, or their estate or effects, whereupon such justices shall fend for or call before them such debtor or debtors, by such warrant, summons, ways or means, as they shall think nt; and upon such debtor's appearing shall examine him, her, or them, as west upon oath as otherwise, as to^ such matters and things as such assignee shall desire, relating to the estate and effects of such debtor or debtors: and if

520 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. ioS. X1804.

any debtor or debtors (00 payment or tender of payment of such reasonable charges as such justices shall judge sufficiem) shall neglect or refuse to come or appear, not having a lawful excefe, to be made known to such justices and by them allowed, or be* Jng come before them shall refuse to be fwonn, or to answer to all such questions as by such justices shall be put to bim, her, or them, relating to the discovery of his, her, or their estate or effe&s so vested or intended to be vested in such clerk of the peace, town derk, or other officer a£king as clerk of the peace, or (itch assignees as aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful to and for such justices, by warrant under their hands and seals, to apprehend such debtor or debtors so offending as aforesaid, and him, her, or them, to commit to the common gaol, there to remain, without bail or mainprise, until such time as he, she, or they, shall submit hinuself, herself, or themselves to such justices, and anfti upon oath to all such lawful questions as shall by such justices be put to him, her, or them, for the purposes aforesaid.

LIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every such person and persons who shall, within ten months after the discharge of such prisoner or prisoners, volun-debtors* estate tarily come in and make a discovery of any part of such debtor's not comprised or debtors' real or personal estate, as shall not be comprised in such schedule as aforesaid, before any such justices aforesaid, shall be allowed after the rate of twenty pounds per centum out of the net produce of such debtor's or debtors' estate which shall be re* covered on such discovery, and which shall be paid, to such person or persons so discovering the same by the assignee or aiEguces of such debtor's estate and effects.

LIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That notwithstanding the discharge of any person or persons by virtue of this act, if it shall hereafter appear the same was obtained fraudulently, or that any part of the oath taken by any such person or persons was not true, then and in every such case every such difcfcarge shall be void and of none efiedk.

LV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful at all times hereafter for any assignee or assignees of the efface or effects of any debtor or debtors, who shall be chose in pursuance of this adk, by and with the cooient of the major part in value of the creditors, of such debtor or debtors who shall be present at a meeting to be had on twenty-one days notice being previously given for the purpose hereafter mentioned in the Lenden Gazelle, if the debtor was in custody in Lemden or within the weekly bills of mortality, and if not, theo also in same newspaper which shall be published in the county, city, or place, in or near which such person or persons shall have been in gaol j and if in custody at Dublin or in the county of Dublin, in the Dublin Gazette, and if in any other place in that part of the united kingdom called Ireland, then also in some newspaper which shall be published in the county, city, or place in or near which fitch person or persons shall have been in gaol, to make competitions with any person or persons or accountants.to.such debt or debtor,

where

Reward to persons dif-covcrins

in the schedules.

Fraudulent

discharges

void.

Assignees, with content of majority in value of creditors, may compound for debts, and submit dif-

Cutes to ar-itration.

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 108. 5a(

trhere the same shall appear necessary or reasonable, and to take uch reasonable part of any such debt as can upon any such com* lofition be gotten in full discharge of such debts and accounts, md also to fubnait any difference or dispute between fufh assignee or assignees, and any person or persons, for or on account or by eafon or means of any matter, cause, or thing relating to the ?state or effects of such debtor or debtors, or to any debt or debts I lie or claimed to be due to or from such debtor or debtors, to ho final end and determination of arbitrators to be chosen by: he laid assignee or assignees, and the major part in value of such rreditors, and the party or parties with whom they shall have -uch difference, and to perform the award of such arbitrators, or of any umpire to be chosen by them, or otherwise to settle and 3gree the matters in difference and dispute between them, in such manner as the said assignee or assignees, with such confen* as aforesaid, shall think fit and can agree \ and the same shall be binding to all the creditors of such debtor or debtors; and every such assignee or assignees is and are hereby indemnified for what they shall fairly do in the preroi fes in pursuance of this act.

LVI. Andy for the better discovery of the estate and tffefti of any debtor who shall be discharged by virtue of this be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any person or persons Penalty for who shall have accepted of any trust or trusts, and shall wilfully conceal or prated any estate, real or personal, of any such debtor eOatei^ from his creditors, and shall not within thirty days after any affigr nee of assignees shall in pursuance of this act be chosen, of any such debtor's estate, discover and difdofe to such assignee or affig* neea such trust and estate in writing, and deliver up or make over the same to such assignee or assignees, he, she, or they so offend* ing shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, and also double the value of the estate, either real or personai, (b concealed, to and for the use of the creditors of any such debtor, to be recovered by action of debt in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster or Dublin, as the case may be, in the name or names of the assignee or assignees of such debt* or's estate, together with treble costs of suit.

LVII. And whereas provision ought to be made as to what should become of tbi estate and effects of any debtor or debtors not got in, obtained, or recovered by any assignee or assignees choje pursuant to the directions of tho foveral acts at the time of his or their death or deaths^ and wiofe heir or heirs, executors, admin ft rators, and assigns, re fit fed to act or meddle therein \ to remedy which, be it enacted,

That in all such cases it shall and may be lawful to and for the If assignee* creditors of every such debtor or debtors to choose a new 1°^trg

assignee or assignees in manner and form as hereinbefore ischoien. di reded, and to obtain a new assignment from the clerk of the peace or his deputy, town-clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, pursuant to the order of the justices (and which said order the said justices are hereby required and empowered to direct, on due proof on oath being made to them of the death of such former assignee or assignees and refuted of his or their

522 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 108. [1804.

Courts, oa complaint, jnay remorc assignees.

their heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, to act or meddle therein); and the said clerk of the peace or his deputy, town-clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, are hereby I empowered to obey the same, and execute such assignment i accordingly, in manner and form as if no former affigotnenc ! had ever been made, the said assignee or assignees, clerk of the j peace or his deputy, town-clerk, or other officer acting as derk of the peace, are hereby empowered to obey the same, amd execute such assignment accordingly, in manner and form ms if no former assignment had ever been made, the said assignee or assignees, clerk of the peace or his deputy, town-clerk or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, hereby conforming to all orders and directions made by this act relative to them or any of them, and to be liable to all such pains and penalties as are inflicted on them, or any of them, by this act, for disobedience in any part thereof, or neglect of duty whatever; and in case any such assignee or assignees shall die, and his heirs, executors, administrators, or assigns, shall refuse to ad, that then and in such case it shall be lawful for such justices of the peace to appoint a new assignee or assignees, with the like powers and authorities as are given by this act, and the said justices Hull, have power, in a summary way, to oblige the heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, of such assignee or assignees, to account and deliver up all such estate and effects as shall refrain in his or their hands, to be applied for the purposes of this act.

LVIII. Andy to the intent and purpose that the estate end fffe&s vf such debtor or debtors as shall be itfcharged by virtue of this act maybe duly and faithfully applied for the benefit of bisy her, or their real creditors; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective courts at Westminster and Dublin, and the courts of great sessions in Walis, and the counties palatine of Chester, Lancaster, and Durham respectively, and the courts of limited jurisdiction in that part of the united kingdom called Ireland, from whence any proceis issued upon which any such debtor or debtors was or were committed, or, where the process issued out of any other court, to and for the judges of the court of King's*bench, common pleas, and exchequer, or of great sessions, or counties palatine aforesaid, within their respective jurisdictions, or any one of them, from time to time, upon the petition of any such debtor, or the creditor or creditors of such debtor, complaining of any inefficiency, fraud, mismanagement, or other misbehaviour of any assignee or assignees of the estate or efie&s of any such debtor or debtors, to summon all parties concerned, and upon hearing the parties concerned therein, to make and give such orders and directions therein, either for the removal or dif-placing such assignee or assignees and appointing any new assignee or assignees in the place or stead of such assignee or assignees so to be removed or displaced, and for the prudent, just, and equitable management or distribution of the estate and effects of any such debtor for the benefit of the respective

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 108. 513

creditors, as the said courts or judges respectively shall think fit; and in case of the removal or displacing of any assignee or assignees, and the appointing of any new assignee or assignees, the estate or effects of such debtor or debtors (halt from thenceforth be divested out of the assignee or assignees so removed or displaced, 'and be vested in and delivered over to such new assignee or assignees, in the same manner, and for the same intents and purposes, as the same were before vested in the assignee or affigees first chosen as aforesaid; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority Where mu-aforesaid, That in all cases where mutual credit hath been tual credit given between any debtor who shall be discharged in pursuance ^vcn balance of this act, and any other person or persons, or bodies corporate to be Rated, or politick, before the delivery of such schedule or inventory of the estate and effects of such debtor or debtors, upon oath as aforesaid, the respective assignee or assignees of such debtor or debtors is and are hereby authorised and required on his and their parts to state and allow an account between them and the other party or parties concerned; and nothing more shall be deemed to be vested in such clerk of the peace or town-clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, or such assignee or assignees as aforesaid, as the estate or effects of such debtor or debtors, than what shall appear to be justly due to him, her, or them respectively, as and for the balance of such account when truly stated.

LX. And whereas many persons are often committed by the courts of law and equity for contempts, for not paying money ordered or awarded to be paid, and for not paying of costs duly and regularly taxid and allowed by the proper officer, after proper demands made for that purpose, and also upon the writ of excommunicato capiendo

or other process for or grounded on the non-payment of money, coffin or e xpen ces, in same causa or proceeding in same ecclesiastical courts or for contempt to such court relating thereto; it is hereby declared # and enacted, That all such persons as have been lb committed

on or before the first day of January one thousand eight hun- monies108 dred and four, and have ever iince remained in custody under awarded, such commitment, are and shall be entitled to the benefit' of this costs, &c. act, on and subject to the same terms, conditions, and restrictions, as are herein expressed and declared with respect to pri-foness for debt only.

LXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no No peHons person who shall have taken the benefit of any act heretofore the'bc^iefit^ passed for the relief of insolvent debtors, or of the act commonly an jnf0ivent called The Lords, Act, within the space of five years last pa ft, act within ll'.all have or receive any benefit or advantage of or under this five years to act, nor be deemed to be within the intent and meaning thereof, ^fV^acr0* so as to be discharged under the same; any thing herein-before^a^B contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Affirmation That in all cases wherein by this act an oath is required, the^takco"10

5*4 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 109. [1804.

solemn affirmation of any person being a quaker shall and may be accepted and taken in lieu thereof; and every period making such affirmation who shall be convicted of wilful and false affirmation, shall incur and suffer such and the same penalties as are inflicted and imposed by this act upon persons convoked of wilful and corrupt perjury.

Future estate

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing bemn* contained shall be deemed or taken to discharge the future uBd^This act or effects, real or personal, of any person or persons ditto be liable for charged under this act, whether such person or persons shall or their debts, shall not have been charged in execution of or from the payment of any debts, damages, coifs, sum or sums of money, due, owing, or demandable, from any such person or persons, or in respect of which such person or persons was or were in custody; and all and every person and persons entitled to receive or be

Said any such debt, damages, costs, fqm or sums of money, fiaail ave all such and the like remedies in law and equity, against such future estate and effects, but not against the person of the party, for payment thereof, as he or they might have had if this act had not been made; and in any case in which the payment or recovery of such demands or fjpms of money could, before the passing of this act, have been enforced only by cootmiu ment, either on the ground of contempt or otherwise, of the person liable thereto, the party interested therein shall be and is hereby enabled to sue the person or persons who ought to have paid the same, for what shall remain unsatisfied thereof, in like manner as if the sum remaining unsatisfied had been money lent and advanced by, or money had and received for the use of the person having such dematio, but shall be entitled to recover or have execution out of or against such future estate and effects otjly, and shall not be entitled to arrest or take in execution the party against whom such demand shall be enforced.

[Act not to

LXIV. Provided always, an*be it enacted, That nothing in extend to this act contained shall extend to that part of Great Britain called fecctland. Scotland.

CAP. CIX.

An act to regulate the importation and exportation of corn, and the bounties and duties payable thereon.

[July 30, 1804.]

1 Geo. j.

30.

WHEREAS an act passed in the thirty flrfl year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for regulating die importation and exportation of corn, and the payment of the duty on foreign corn imported, and of the bounty on British corn exported: and whereas it is expedient that so much of the fold recited act as regulates the prices at which British corn, grain, malty mealy flour, or biscuit, may be exported, except to Ireland, and corny grain, meal, and flour imported\ except from Ireland, and also the duties and bounties payable thereon, except such duty or sum of money as may be payable in respect of the warehousing of any com, be repealed, and that other provifms should be made in relation to the

importation

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 109. 525

importation thtnof into and bounties on importation thereof out of Great Britain, and that regulations should also be made in relation to the exportation from and importation into Ireland, of corny grain9 malt9 mealy fioury and biscuit; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifteenth day of November one thousand eights ^5* hundred and four, so much of the said recited act of the thirty- as regulates first year aforesaid, as regulates the prices at which British corn, the prices at grain, malt, meal, flour, and biscuit, may be exported, except £hich c0» to Ireland\ and at which foreign corn, grain, meal and flour, exported or maybe imported, (except from Ireland, and as fixes the duties imported, kc* and bounties payable thereon, shall be and the same is hereby repealed* repealed, except so for as the same relates to any duty payable on any corn or grain in respect of the warehousing thereof.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Importation

said fifteenth day of November one thousand eight hundred and apd exporta-four, the importation and exportation of corn, grain, malt, meal,

flour, and biscuit into and from England and Wales, shall be re* bytheave-gulated by the aggregate average price of corn, grain, and rage price of oatmeal, of the whde of the twelve maritime dtftri&s in England the maritime and Wales \ and the importation and exportation into and from distri&fe Scotland shall be regulated by the aggregate average price of the whole of the four districts in Scotlandj such average price to be ascertained quarterly, weekly, and monthly from such returns, and in such manner as is directed by the said recited act for ascertaining the average prices of corn, grain, meal, and flour; any thing in any act or acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Bounties cm

laid fifteenth day of November one thousand eight hundred and corn to be re-four, the several bounties specified in the schedule to this act SSSuvV \ annexed marked (A.), and no other, shall be allowed and payable and paid in respect of and upon British corn, grain, malt,

meal, flour, and biscuit, exported from Great Britain j and all such bounties shall be allowed and payable and paid, and the exportation of British corn, grain, malt, meal, and flour prohibited according to the prices and regulations of the said table; any thing in the said recited act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several and re- Duties oa

spective duties specified and set forth in the schedule to this act cor^?eSCil_ annexed marked (B.), and no other or different duties, except /R

as aforesaid, shall be charged and levied upon and payable and

paid in respect of all corn, giain, meal, and flour, imported into Great Britain; and such duties shall be charged and payable and paid according to the prices and regulations in the said schedule j any thing ip any act or acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

Act not to ex- V. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the exportation or importation of corn, grain, meal, or flour, from Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great Britain; and all Great Britain the powers, provisions; authorities, regulations, penalties, for-to Ireland, or futures, clauses, matters, and things in the said act or any to°GreataBri- fabsequent aft contained, and not hereby altered, varied, or tain 5 and the repealed, shall extend, and be construed to extend, to this act< and be used and applied in carrying the same into execution, as fully as if the provisions and clauses and schedules of this a St had made part of the said acts, and as if the clauses of the said acts had been severally, as far as the same were applicable, re* enacted in the body of this act.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever the average prices for regulating the importation and exportation of corn, grain, meal, and flour, into and from Great Britain, shall be under the prices at which the same may be importable into Great Britain on the low duties from foreign Britain Parts> an<* mzy lawful to and for any person or

and Ireland on Persons to export any such corn or grain of British growth, or the low du- any meal or flour made thereof, from Great Britain to Ireland; ties from so- and in like manner, whenever the average prices for rego-excitation ^at*nS r^e importation and exportation of corn, grain, and Sail be allow- A°ur» into and from Ireland, shall be under the prices at which cd from Great the same may be importable into Ireland on the low duties from Britain to Ire- foreign parts, it shall and may be lawful for any person or

tend to exportation or importation of corn from

provisions of former acts to extend to this act.

Whenever the average shall be under the price 8 at which com may be itn-

land, &c.

persons to export any such corn or grain of Irish growth, or any meal or flour made thereof, from Ireland to Great Britain provided the same be exported in British or Irish ships owned and navigated according to law.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifteenth day of November one thousand eight hundred and four,

Importation and exportation of corn the importation of foreign corn, grain, meal, and flour, into

into and from j u__________ r fSa A —

Ireland to be regulated by schedule (C.) and (P.)

Ireland, and the exportation of Irish corn, grain, malt, meal, flour and biscuit, from Ireland, and the payment of the duties and bounties thereon, shall be regulated according to the schedules to this act annexed marked (C*) and (D.) respectively, and the duties therein specified shall be charged and payable and paid, and the bounties therein specified shall be allowed and paid, according to the prices and regulations therein containedj any thing in any act or acts relating to corn, grain, meal, or flour, imported into or exported from Ireland, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all the provisions, etc. or former..*t. T.

acts extended Powers, authorities, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures,

to this act. clauses, matters, and things now in force in any act of parliament, in relation to the importation into Ireland or exportation from Ireland of any corn, grain, malt, meal, or flour, not contrary to the provisions of this act, shall extend, and bccon-flrued to extend, and be applied and enforced for the carrying

im#

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 109. 527

into execution the purposes of this act, in relation to the duties and bounties, and importation and exportation of corn, grain, meal, and flour, into and from Ireland respectively, and regulations relating thereto, specified in the said schedules marked (C.) and (D.J, as fully and effectually as if the same ivere repeated and re-enacted in and made part of the body of this a£k.

SCHEDULES

SCHEDULES to which

SCHEDULE (A.) — Shewing the Prices to which the SCALE of BOUNTY

MEAL, MALT, &c. j and the Prices at

WHEAT. RYE. PEAS and BEANS. BARLEY. BEER, or BIGG or MALT made of BARLEY, BEER, or BIGG 71 h 1 1

When exported to any Foreign Country! Exportable without bounty till at or under

If at oPuoder per quarter s. d. 48 0 - - S. d. 32 0 - - s, d 35 0 - - s. d. 28 0 -

BOUNTY - - 1 s. d. - - 3 ° - - s.i. .-26

Ifabove - - 54 O - - 35 0 -35 0 - - 31 0 -

NO EXPORT ALLOWABLE.

this Act refers.*

is to attach on the EXPORT of CORN, GROUND CORN, FLOUR or which the EXPORTATION is prohibited.

OATS. WHEAT* FLOUR, BISCUIT, &e. WHEAT- MEAL. RYE MEAL, or FLOUR. BARLEY, BEER or BIGG MEAL. OATMEAL.

4 -

s. i.'..

16 O -

K > - ... i

s d. s. d. S.d. s. d s. d. s. d

- 2 0 percwt, 1 6- percwt. j 3 percwt. 09percwt. 0 jo percwt. 1; 0

-.-

- -

19 O - - "

XLV,

M M

SCHEDULE

SCHEDULE (B.) — Shewing the Prices according to which High or

WHEAT. RYE, PEAS and BEANS.

When imported from the Province of Quebec, or the other British Colonies or Plantations in North America V 1 If under*- - per quarter Hioh duty - ditto; 53 - x. d..- - - 24 3 X. 3S ... -x. a. - 22 0

If at, or above - per quarter but under - - ditto H: --': 35 --'37 -

FIRST LOW DUTY a 6 - 1 6

If at, or above - per quarter 56.- - - 37 -

SECOND tow DUTY - 0 6 - 0 3

When imported from any other foreign Countrys J. s.

If under - per quarter HIGH DUTY - 63.. J. d +2 - - x. d. - -.22 0

If at, or above - per quarter but under - ditto qs 0 1 t 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1*

FIRST LOW DUTY - 2 6 - -l6

If at, or above - per quarter 66 - - 44 -'" -

SECOND LOW DUTY - 0 6 ... 0 3

IMPORTATION of Wheat, Meal, and Flour, to be governed as follows: When imported from the Province of Quebec, or the other British Colonies or Plantations in North America, d High Duty, per cwt. --66 First Low Duty, ditto - - i 6 Second Low Duty, ditto - o

When imported from any other foreign Country, /. d. High Duty, per cwt. - - 6 6 First Low Duty, ditto - - i 6 Second Low Duty, ditto - x o Malt made of Wheat - Prohibited. Rye ground, or Malt made of Rye; Pease ground, and Beans ground — -fto- I hibited.

Low DUTIES are to take place on IMPORTATION.

BARLEY, BEER or BIGO.

S. d.

26 o

26 o 28 o

28 0

}. i.

-22 O

- i 3 " 3

s. d.

31 6

31 6

33 0

33 0

t.

22 O

3 o 3

OATS,

OATMEAL.

i.

17 4;

a.

- 6 7

'7 -

l8 -

- I 0

18

- o 2

21

s. d.

-.67

21

22

- I ©

22

-02

When imported from the Proving of Qtpbec, or the other British Colonies or Plantations in North America:

If under -

Scotch Troy - - i

for ever boll,

high duty - -f at, or above - per boll but under - - ditto

FIRST LOW DUTY -

If at, or above - per boll

SECOND LOW DUTY

If at, or above but under

IMPORTATION of Indian Corn or Maize, to be governed by the Price of Barley, ar follows:

When imported from the Province of Quebec, or the other British Colonies or Plantations in North America,

' /. </. High Duty, per quarter - % % o First Low Duty, ditto - - i 3

Second Low Duty, ditto -03 When imported from any other foreign Country, j. d. High Duty, per quarter - - % % o First Low Duty, ditto -13 Second Low Duty, ditto -03

Barley, Indian Corn or Maize, Beer or Bigg ground; and Malt made of Barley, Indian Com or Maize, Beer

_TV - !» J

t. d.

16 6

- 8 o

16 6

7 4

1 o

7 4

- o 2

When imported from an other foreign Country:

If under - per boll

HIGH DUTY -

per boll - ditto

FIRST LOW DUTY -

If at, or above - per boll

SECOND LOW DUTY

Malt!?ade \Prohibited.

20

U d.

- 8 o

20

21

-10

21

- 0 6

SCHEDULE (C.) — Shewing the Prices to which the SCALE of BOUNTY

MEAL) MALT, &c. from Ireland, and the Prices

WHEAT. RYE. PEAS and BEANS. BARLEY. BEER, or BIGG: or MALT made of BARLEY, BEER, or BIGG.

When exported to any foreign Country,- -

If at, or under, per barrel, Britisht - - t. d. 29 $ - - X. d. 20 4 - 0 S'*P- 1 1 s. d. 16 0 -

bounty - British 1 1 tO J1 O x. d. - - 1 10 X d % - I 10 - - i 5

If above, per barrel, British 33*- - 22 3 - - 22 3 - - 17 8 -

' NO EXPORT ALLOWABLE.

k

is to attach on the EXPORT of CORN, GROUND CORN, FLOUR or at which the EXPORTATION is prohibited.

OATS. WHEAT-FLOUR, BISCUIT, &c. WHEAT- MEAL. RYE-MEAL, or FLOUR. BARLEY, BEER, or BIGG FLOUR. OATMEAL.

/. d.

IO 3 -

d. s. d. S dt j. d. J. d.

- 13 percwt. 1 6 percwt. 1 3 percwt. 09perctotoro percwt. 1 0

12 3 - _ -

534 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 199.

[1^04. SCHEDULE (D.) — Shewing (be Prices according to which the HIGH or

When Imported from the Province of Quebec, or the other British Colonies or Plantationsm North America, WHEAT. RYE, PEAS and BEANS.

If under - per barrel, British - high duty British If at or above - - per barrel, British But under - - per D British -rxasT low duty - - British If at or above - - per barrel, British - SECOND LOW DUTY - British - J. d. a* 7 - f. d..- !4 IO 3* 7 ? -34 4 - - -i 6 34 4 - - o 3 /. 4. % % 3 - - /. 4. - 14 0* 3 - 13 6*- - 0 11 S3 6 - 0 1

When Imported from any other Foreign Country, If under*per barrel, British*r. 4- as* - 36 8 -

high duty British*/. d. - 14 io /. / - 14 0

If at or above -per barrel, British - 3*- " »6 8 -

But under per barrdt British - 40 6 -do*.

YIRST LOW DUTY - British - ---16 ... 0 11

If at pr above - per barrel( British 40 6 - do*.

SECOND LOW DUTY - British - ... 0 3 1*1 0 M

IMPORTATION of WHEAT, MEAI*, ' and FLOUR, to be governed as follow*:

When imported from Quebec, or tie other British Colonies or Plantations in North America*

/. d*

High Duty, per cwr. - 6 6 British.

Fiut Low Duty - t 6 - D

Second Low Duty - o*- D»

When imported from any other Foreign Country.

j. J.

High Duty - -66 British.

First Low Duty -I 6 D

Second Low Duty - i o - D°

Malt made of Wheat .....Prohibited.

Rye ground, or Malt made of Rye $ Peas ground, and Beans ground - prohibited.

JDVT DUTIES are to take place on IMPORTATION into IRELAND.

BARLEY, BEER or BIGG. OATS. OATMEAL.

Sm d. J. 4. j. d.

14 9*- 10 li - ( If under, per cwt. of 11 albs, avoir- > I dupois - S British 13

/. d. /. d.

- sa 6 m 4 - - hioh duty for every cwt. British 8 0

149- 10 11 - If at or above*- par cwt* British x3 a

16 0 11 7 - - But under - - per cwt. British 13 xo

- 0 8 - 1 1 0*- FIRST LOW DUTY per CWt. British 1 0

16 0 - - IK 7 - - If at or above - - per cwt. British >3 so

- ox - 0 1 -SECOND LOW DUTY ptr CWt* British 0 a

j. d. I. 4 s. 4.

V, 0*x3 6 - - If under - per cwt. British 16 Q

s. d. a. d.

- is 6 - - 4*-.Blow DUTY '* - per cwt. British 8 0

18 0 - x3 6 - - If at or above - - per cwt. British 16 O

18 10 - »*- But under*- per cwt* British 16 9

- 0 8*-» 0 7*- FIRST LOW DUTY - pCT CWt. British 1 0

x8 10 - x4 a If at or above - - per cwt* British 16 9

--01 I - 0 1 - - SECOND LOW DUTY per CWt. British 0 6

IMPORTATION of INDIAN CORN or MAIZE, to be governed the Price of

BARLEY as follows:

When imported from Quebec, or the other Brifilth Colonies or Plantations in North America,

/. d.

High Duty, per barrel - - 15o British.

First Low Duty, ditto - o to ditto.

Second Low Duty, ditto <? r» ditto*

When imported from any other Foreign Country,

/. d.

High Duty - 15 o British.

First Low Duty - o 10 ditto.

Second Low Duty - o a ditto.

Malt made of Oats

Prohibited.

Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. iio.

[1804.

CAP. CX.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund of Great Britain; and for applying a certain sum of money thereim-mentioned for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and four; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

[July 31, 1804.]

5, 000, 000l. out of the consolidated fund may be issued towards the

*for Great Britain for 1804, and also 1, 370, 664l. 44. 8^ 19* surplui rtts for 1803. Monies raised by malt ad Geo. 3. c. 16; by duty on pensions, See, 44 Geo. 3. c. 17. not exceeding a, 000, 006l.; and 8, 000, 000L by Geo. 3. c. 45.; 1, 500, 000l. by Geo. 3. c. 46.; by loan ad of Geo. 3. c. 47. for 14, 500, 000l. after remittance to Ireland of 4, 500, 000l.; by lottery ad, after payment of one third of the profits for the service of Ireland; and 1, 500, 000l. by Geo. 3. c. 81.; and 370, 664l. 4l. 8 d. 20. fur plus of grants; and 5, 000, 000l. out of the consolidated fund shall be applied as hereafter exprdTed. Monies coming into the exchequer of Ireland by Geo. 3. c. 47, c. 48. c. 93. and c. 97. shall be carried to the consolidated fund of Ireland, and applied as hereafter 'expressed.* 11, 350, 606l. 7l. 6d. for naval services, viz. 2, 405, 000l. for wages of 100, 000 men, including 11,000 marines for 13 lunar months; a, 470, 00c/. for their victualling; 3, 900, 000l. for wear and tear of ships; 315, 000l. for ordnance for sea service; 1, 010, 670l. 94. 9d. for ordinary of the navy for 1804.; 948, 520l. for building and repairing Blips of war for 1804; 709, 249l. 9J. 8d. for transports for 1804; 120, 166L 84. \d. for prisoners of war in health for 1804; 42, 000l. for sick prisoners of war for 1804$ 310, 000l. for increase of the naval defence lince May 15, 1804. 2, 500, 000l. for Great Britain; and 800, 000l. Iri(b for Ireland, for such measures as exigencies may require. 19, 108, 859l. jj. ici. for land service, viz. 4, 176, 624l. 12l. 8d, for 119, 039 effective men in Great Britain and Ireland; 1*1741509/- i6j. bd* for forces in the plantations. See. for 1804; 19, 859l. J4j. 9d. for parties in Great Britain, recruiting for regiments in East India for 1804; 180, 000l. for recruiting and contingencies of forces in Great Britain and on foreign stations for 1804; 154, 647l. 3J. lod. for general staff and hospital officers in Great Britain for 1804; 1, 791, 613l. 7j. 6d. for the militia and fenciblesin Great Britain and Ireland for 1804; 115, 793l. 14j. 6d. for cloathing of the mHitiaio Great Britain for 1804; 61, 119l. 7l. for contingencies of militia and fencibics in Great Britain and Ireland for 1804; 1, 020, 567/13l. 1 id. for volunteers in Great Britain and Ireland for 1804; 98, 635l. irr. W. for recruiting and contingencies of forces in Ireland lor 1804; 61, 037l. 3l. 9d. for general and staff officers and the medical board in Ireland for 1804; 33.464l. 74. for supernumerary officers for 1804; 167, 059l. 11. 34l. for publick departments in Great Britain and Ireland and for exchequer-fees for £804; 455, 464l. 9J. 3d. for increased rates for quartering soldiers, lodging-money in Scotland, and allowance for small beer, and allowance while on a march in Ireland for 1804: 189, 115l. iu. 5^. for half-pay to reduced officers of the land forces and marines for 18045 5*665l. 8j. 6l. for military allowances to reduced officers of the land forces for 18045 50, 000l. for reduced officers of Briiifti American forces for 18045 1,000l. for officers late in the service of the States General for 1804: 245, 048l. 15J. 8d. for Chelsea and Kiliminhara hospitils for 1804; 27 801l. iu 5^. for officers* widows in Great Britain and Ireland for 1804; 461, 887L 6s. io</. for the barrack department in Ireland for 180453*53^/ 9* 3* for hospital expences in Ireland, and the royal military infirmary in Dublin for 1804; 500.000l. for volunteer corps in Great Britain for 1803; 570, 000l. for 1804; $21, 262l. 19s. 1 id. for foreign corps in 18045 5, 854J. 19l. 1 d. for garrison companies in West Indies and America for 1804 j 100, 000l. for military augmentation in Great Britain and Ireland for 1804; 2, 183, 950l. for the barrack department in Great Britain for 1804; 339*07/'8.f 7d, for army extraordiniries for 1803; 1, 400-000l. foi ditto in Great Britain, and 600, 000l. for ditto in Ireland for 1804.

a>954, i4»/*

1804.] Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. x10. 537

954, 141l. 5j. for ordnance for land service in Great Britain for 18043 I3>7*9/- As* % d. for ditto in 18035 304, 615l. 7l. 8d. for ditto in Ireland or 18045 64*615l. 7s, % d. for ditto inireland for 1803. 5, 000, 000l. for lifcharging exchequer-bills made out under 43 Geo. 3. c. 93. 3, 000, 000l. or discharging ditto made out under 43 Geo. 3. c. 36. 1, 500, 000l. for

iiiicharging ditto made out under 43 Geo. 3. c. 147. 1, 500, 000l. for lifcharging ditto made out under 43 Geo. 3. c. 146. 1, 700, 000l. Irish urrency for discharging treasury bills due in Ireland for 1804. 591, 841l. ix. lod. 37. for debt of the civil list on July 5, 1804. 6, 313l. u. 8d.

Tued pursuant to addresses of the House of Commons. 8, 798l. iu. fTucd pursuant to ditto. 8, 050l. for the civil establishment of Upper Canada for 1804. 7, 165l. for ditto of Nova Scotia. 4, 650l. for ditto of Wew Brunswick. 1, 300l. for ditto of the Island of Saint John in America.

1, 040l. for ditto of Cape Breton. 1, 715l. for ditto of Newfoundland. r>iooL for ditto of the Bahama Hlands. 580l. for ditto of the Bermudas >r Somers Hlands. 600l. for ditto of the Hland of Dominica. 10, 049l. is. $d* for ditto of New South Wales. 28, 000l. for ditto of Sierra >one. 18, 000l. for forts in Africa. ^8, 000l. for bills from New South iVales. 149, 111l. for the French, Toulonefe, Corsican, and Dutch emi-; ranta and American loyalists for 1804. 40, 847l. 9l. for convicts at some for 1804. 433/* 19}. 3d. 2q. for expences at the parliament office n 1803.19/* 6j. to John Clementson in lieu of apartments at the House of Commons. 5, 300l. 9j, 6d. for additional allowances to clerks in the luditor's office to Odt. 10, 1803. 2, 701l. 9l. to Lord Waliingham as h airman of the committees of the Lords in 1803. 649l.s. for the Thames police office. 248l. iu. 6d. for repairs of Port Patrick. 439l. i8j. or making an Index to the Journals of the House of Lords. 265, 336l.

4j. 10d. 27. for ships &c. taken at Toulon. 150, 000l. for secret service or 1804. 412, 000l. for sums awarded under the 7th article of the treaty kf America. 3, 000l. to the British Mufeuro. 8, 000l. to ditto. 11, 280l. s- 2d. for the Royal Military College. 32, 600l. for the Royal Military \fylum at Chelsea. 16, 625l. for printing Journals of the House of Commons, Votes, &c. 2, 500l. for printing the 57th volume of the fournals of the House of Commons. 10, 000l. for reprinting Journals9 ndexes, and Reports of the House of Commons. 1, 767l. 15j. 10d. for rxpences in 1803 under the commission for publishing the records of the kingdom. 8, 589l. 5l. for superintendence of aliens. 1, 609l. 19l. 4d, for >rose cut ions relating to the coin in 1803, 1, 700l. for ditto in 1804.

; 0, 000l. for an inland navigation from the Eastern to the Western Sea. rx, 34 5l. for works done at the two Houses of Parliament and at the speaker's. 741l. iu. for work done adjoining the old Chapter-House at Westminster. 3, 010l. for repairs at the King's-Bench Prison. 30, 000l. or the works at Chetney Hill. 3, 000l. for the Board of Agriculture.

[, 269l. 2l. for convicts at home in 1803. 10, 000l. for relief of the inha*

>itants of Shetland. 10, 000l. for the inhabitants of Orkney. 10, 000l. or roads and bridges in the highlands of Scotland. 4, 160l. 131. 6d re-nitted to Ireland for the presbyterian mini iters of Ulster and Munster.

100l. for digesting and abstracting poor returns. 5, 285l. i8j. 9d. for idditional allowances to clerks in the auditor's office to April 5, 1804.

1, 099l. X9J* 9d> for the furniture of the Irish office in Great, George street, Westminster. 649l. 4*- for the Thames police-office. 4541 for naking up and publishing weekly returns of the average price of lugar to Ddt. 1, 1803. 3, 000l. for fees on passing publick accounts. 5, 387l. 41. to r. Macdonald esquire as commissioner under the American treaty. r, o6o/. 10J. for expences under alt for inquiring into naval abuses. 560l. or expences relative to the impi ovement of the port of London. 1.500l. or the Veterinary College. 5, 531l. 17l. 6d. for land at Weeden Beck for ordnance. 4*871l. u. Ad* for losses of Sir James Wright an American oyalift. 745l. 6j. 10d. for stationary for the court of eyxhequer. 11, 600l. for printing and stationary for the noufts of parliament. 7, 500l. for law charges. 3, 905l. for officers of the Houses of Lords and Commons.

7, 000l. for the publick office in Bow-Street. 5, 945/* 10j. for protestant di (Tenting ministers and French protestants. 5, 250l. for messengers of the secretaries of (tale, 6, 965l. for contingencies of ditto. 7, 371l. 15j. od. 27.

5^8 Anno regni quadragesimo quarto Georgii III. c. no.

[1804.

to sheriffs for conri&ion of felons, &e. 914l. for ministers of (t&c Vandois churches. 7, 066l. 6j. id* for land* at Woolwich and Chariton. 5.000l. for roads in North Britain. 3x3l. 16l. xx</. to S. Moore esquire for pre- paring publick accounts of Ireland to be laid before parliament % ssi/. 101. 9d. to John Smart esquire for ditto* 1S4l. 1 ar. 4d, to Paul Lc Baa esquire for keeping corn bounties accounts. 930l. 15l. $d. to R. Marshall esquire for preparing accounts of imports and expons of Ireland for parliament* 184l. its. 44l. to R. Wethers!) for preparing accounts for parliament* 184l. stj. 4d. to G. Hatton esquire for the same. 138l. 91. yL to S. Hood for the same. 184L its. 4l. to T. Haffield efijunre for the same. 13: 076l. i8j. 6d. for expences of civil buildings in Ireland. 830^ 15l. 6d. for printing and binding acts of the parliament of the United Kingdom. 6, 485l. 191. nd. for proclamations and adverti&ments in the Dublin Gazette, &c. 18.840l. for printing, stationary, dec. for the chief and under secretaries. oncers, &c. in Ireland. 1, 846l. 5* id. for tret-fury incidents in Ireland. 4, 615l. 7l. &/. tq* for apprehendHig pobBdt offenders in Ireland. 93 076l. 18l. 6d. for criminal prosecutions, dec. in Ireland. 966l. 184. 7d. tq for expence of pratique in the port of Dublin. 1, 993l. 7Si 10d. for expenditures at the gold mines in the comity of Wicklow. 683l. u. €d. % q. for doathiftg the battle-axe guards. 1, 0oil oj. 3d. for doathing his Majesty's heralds foe. in Ireland. 4*615l. 7l. 8d. iq. for building churches &c. in Ireland. 4, 153l. 16*. xid. for widening streets in Dublin. 9.930l. 15l. $d. for paring See. the facets of Dttbfci. 5*076l. 8s. 6d. to the Dublin society for promoting husbandry foe. 4, 153/ 164. ud. for additional buildings at the repository of the Dublin Society, for. 1, 846/- 3s. id. for expences of the forming society of Ireland. 19*93&/ 9'- 3d* for the linen and hempen manufactures in Ireland, v 18, 580l. 18l. % d. for promoting English protestant schooto in Ireland. 369l. 4l. 7^. 99. fer the office of the commissioners of charitable dona-tioas. 923/* Un 6d to the allocution for discountenancing vice, kc. x, 118l. 194. 8<A 39. for the female orphan-house near Dublin. 1, 615l. 7*. 8dm 19. for a penitentiary in Dunlin. 20, 769/* 4j* 7d- iq. for the foundling hospital in Dublin* 1, 788l. 13J. 6d. iq. for the Hibernian ma. rifle society in Dublin. 4, 153/ 16s. 10d. for the Hibernian school for fob diers' children. 6, 671l. u 6J. % q* for the lock hospital in Dubfin. 475L6l. 2d. 39. for the fever hospital in Dublin. 16.984l. 9s. &d. 09. for the house of mdultry in Dublin* 7*384l. 12l. 4for the Roman Catbobck seminary in Ireland. 2, 136l. i8j. i id. iq. for the Lying-in Hospital in Dublin* Supplies not to be applied to any other than the authorised purposes. Rules to be observed in the application of the fom appropriated for half-pay. Officers employed on the staff or in garrisons may receive their half-pay on taking the oath mentioned in this afo. By 45 Geo. 3. c. 169. a certain sum was appropriated to be paid to reduced officers, the overplus of which may be disposed of aa his Majesty &afl judge proper.

---

[Index removed.]

END OF PART I. VOL. XLV.

