THE

Statutes at fcajcge.

Annodecimo tertio Georgii III. Regis.

Being the SIXTH Seffion of the Thirteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

by

DANBY PICKERING, of Grab’s Inn, Elq j.

Vot.XXX. Part I.

Digitized by Google

THE

I

Statutes at iarge,

* ’•' .•* "

FROM

MAGNA CHARTA

To the END of the

Thirteenth Parliament of Great Britain*

Anno 1773.

CONTINUED.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray’s-Inn, Efq» Reader of the Law Le&ure to that Honourable Society.

VOL. XXX.

CAMBRIDGE,

Printed by JOHN ARCHDEACON, Printer to the UNIVERSITY; for CHARLES BATHURST, at the Crofs-Keys, oppofitc St.Dunftan’* Church in Fleet-Street, London. 1773.

CUM	PR IFJLE

Digitized by v^ooQle

GEORGII III. Regis.

PUBL1CK ACTS.

Cap. i.TT'OR allowing the importation of wheat, wheat:flour, X1 rye, rye-meal, barley, barley-meal, oats, oat-meal, pcafe, beans, tares, callivancies, and all other forts of pulfe, from any part of Europe or Africa, into this kingdom, for a limited time, free of duty.

Cap. 2. For allowing the importation of wheat, wheat-flour, Indian corn, Indian meal, bifeuit, peafe, beans, tares, callivancies, and all other forts of pulfe, from his Majefty’s colonies in America, into this kingdom, for a limited time, free of duty.

Cap, 3. To prohibit the exportation of corp, grain, peafe, beans, meal, malt, flour, bread, bifeuit, and (larch ; and alfo the extraction of low wines and fpirits from wheat and wheat-flour, fora limited time.

Cap. 4. To continue for a further time, an aft, made in the eighth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled. An aft to continue and amend an aft, made in the fifth year of the reign of hit prefent Mofiftji intituled, An aft for importation of falted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time, and for allowing the importation of falted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from the Britijb dominions in America, for a limited time.

Cap. 5. To continue for a further time, an aft, made in the feventh year of. his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled. An aft to Sfmtinue,for a limited time, the duties payable upon the importation Vol. XXX.	a	of

Digitized by

Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

cW) kogs-lard, and greafe; and to permit the importation of beef, pork, bacon, hams, and cheefe into this kingdom* from any part of Europe for a limited time, free of duty.

Cap. 6. For continuing and granting to his Majefty, certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-three.

Cap. 7. For allowing the free importation of rite into this kingdom* from any of his Majefty’s colonies in America, for a limited time; and for encouraging the making of (larch from rice.

Cap. 8. For granting an ajd to his Majefty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thou-fai)d feven hundred and feventv-three.

Cap. 9. To reftrain the Eaft India Company, for a limited rime, from making any appointment of commiifioners for fuper-ia-tending and regulating the coippany's affairs, at their prefiden-cies in the Eojlindies-

Cap. jo. rot puni(hing mutiny and defertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. ii. For the regulation of his Majefty *s marine forces, while on (hore.

Cap. 12. To indemnify fuch perfons as have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices and employments within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for that purpofe; and to give further time to fuch perfons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and folicitors.

Cap. 13. To enable certain perfons therein named to continue to work a peftle mill, heretofore employed and ufed in making battle gunpowder, at Old Forge Farm* in the parifh of Tonbridge* in the county of Kent.

Cap. 14. To encourage the fubiedls of foreign dates to lend money upon the fccurity of freehold or leafehold eftatea, in any of his Majefty’s colonies in the Weft Indies; and to render this fecurities granted to fuch aliens effcdual for recovering payment of the money fo to be lent, by fale of (bch freehold or leafehold eftates.

Cap. 15. For paving, cleanfmg, and lighting, the High Stmt* Enjl Street, and ffeji ofreet, in the town and parities of Grave/-end and Mi-ton, in the county of Kent; and for lighting the other ftreets; and for removing all incroaclunents and annoyances within the faid town and parifhes.

Cap. 16. For raking down the (hire hall of the county of Devon, and for building a new (hire hall in a more commodious manner.'

Cap. 17. For making the exemplification of the lad will and teftament of Ifilliam earl of BUfmton, in the kingdom of Inland* -deceafed, evidence as well in Ireland, as in Great Britain.

Cap. 18. To repeal an adl, pafled in the ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An att for the more effectualriHef of the poor in the county of Devon * and tor other purpofes therein mentioned.

c«p- *9*

Digitized by

Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cajfc 19. To amend and render more effeftual an aft, pafl&l In the twenty-fecond year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled. An aft for draining and improving certain fen lands within the manor and parifbes 0/Up well and Out-well, and in the parijbts of Denver and Welney, in the Ifle of Ely* tad counties ^Cambridge and Norfolk, fo far as the fame relates to the lands lying on the fouth fide of Popbam's Eau.

Cap. 20. To amend and render more effeftual an aft, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled. An aft far draining and preferving certain fen lands and low grounds in the Ifle of Ely, and counties ^ Suffolk and Norfolk, between Mildenhall river, fouth, Plant Load and Brandon river, norths bounded on the wefl by the river Oufe, and on the eajl by Winter Load, Earfwell brook^ and the hard lands of Mildenhall; and for empowering the governor, bailiffs, and common -altjy of the company of confervators of the great level of the fens, com* Handy called Bedford Level, to fell certain fen lands lying within the limits aforefuid, commonly calledIiivefted Lands; fofar as the fame relates to the feveral fen lands and low grounds lying in the firft diftrift deferibed in the faid alt.

Cap. 21. To extend the provifions of an aft, made In the fourth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled. An aft to explain a claufe in an aft, made in the fe-With year of the reign of her late rhajejiy Queen Anne, for naturalize ing foreign proteftants, which relates to the children of the natural-born fubjefts of the crown tf England, or of Great Britain, to the children

fitch children.

Cap. 22. To Continue an aft,‘made in the fixth year of his prefcnt Majefty, intituled. An aft to regulate the hading of (hips with tools, in tbt ports ^Newcaftle and Sunderland.

Cap. 23. For defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, fay one year,beginning the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand fevea hundred and fevenry-three.

Cap. 24. For further continuing two afts, mide in the fixth and ninth years of his Majefty*# reign, for punilhing mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, in his. Majefty’s dominions in America.

Cap. 25. To explain two afts of parliament, one of the thirteenth year of the reign of his late Majefty, for naturalizing fuch. foreign proteftants* and others, as are fettled, or fhall fettle, in any of his Majefty’s colonies in America; and the other of thefecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for* naturalizing fuch foreign proteftants as have ferved, or fhall ferve, as officers or foldiers in his Majefty’s royal American regiment, or as engineer.^ ia Anuria.

Cap. 26. For preventing abufes in the fale of (hares of Britijb* built fhips to foreigners.

Cap. 27. For the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of fmall debts, fithin the city and county of the city of Exeter.

Cap. 28. For deepening, fleanfing, and making more cottl-a %	modious

Digitized by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

rtiodious the harbours of the town of Greenock ; for fupplylng the inhabitants with frefh and wholefome water; and for paving* cleanfing, lighting, and watching the ftreets, and other publick places, wirhin the faid town.

Cap. 29. For deepening, cleanfing, and making more com-* modious, the harbour of Aberdeen ; for eroding new piers and quays therein; and for regulating (hips and vends trading into, and going out of, the faid harbour.

Cap. 30. For the better regulation and government of the pilots conducing (hips and vcflels to and out of the port of King’s Lynn9 and of the bridgemen conducing gangs of lighters or barges to and from the fame; and for laying down moorings in the harbour of the faid port, and for preventing mifehiefs by fire therein.

Cap. 31. For the more effectual execution of the criminal laws in the two parts of the united kingdom.

Cap. 32. For repealing fo much of an ad, made in the twenty-third year of his late majefty King George the Second, as relates to the preventing the dealing or deftroying of turnips; and for the more effectually preventing the dealing or deftroying of turnips, potatoes, cabbages, parfnips, peafe, and carrots.

Cap. 33. To extend the provifions of an ad, made in the fixth year of his prefent Majefly’s reign, (intituled, An aft for the better prefervation of timber trees, and of woods and underwoods; and for the further prefervation of rootsy Jhrubs, and plants J to poplar, alder, maple, larch, and hornbeam.

Cap.34. For paving, lighting, and cleaning the ftreets, lanes, and places within the town of Brighthelmjlone, in the county of Suffix; for removing nuifancesand annoyances, and preventing the like for the future; for holding and regulating a market within the faid town; for building and repairing groyns, in order to render the coaft fafe and commodious for lhips or veffels to unload and land fea-coal, culm, and other coal, for the ufe of the inhabitants of the faid town} and for laying a duty thereon, and for other purposes.

Cap. 35. For raifing a further fum of money for the piirpofe of rebuilding the common gaol of the county of EJfex.

Cap. 36. To amend an a<5t, patted in the ninth year of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for laying open and widening certain ways and paffages within the town of Birmingham; and for cleanfing and lighting the ftreets, lanes% ways, and paffages there; and for removing and preventing nuifances and objlruftions therein ; and for widening certain other ftreets and places; for eftablifiiing a nightly watch; and for regulating carts and carmen employed in the faid town.

Cap. 37. For making and extending the navigation of the river Bure, (commonly called the North River), by and from Coltijball to Ayljham Bridge, in the county of Norfolk.

Cap. 38. To incorporate certain perlons therein ramed, and their fucccflors, with proper powers for the purpofe of eftablifh*-ing one or more glafc manufactories within the kingdom of Great

Britain;

Digitized by CjOOQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Britain; aqd for the more effedually fupporting and cpnduding the fame upon an improved plan, in a peculiar manner, calculated for the parting of large plate glafs.

Cap. 39. For draining and preferving certain fen lands and low grounds, called King's Delpb and Eight Roods, and alfo other fen lands and low grounds in a certain place called Farcett Fen, adjoining thereto, lying near to the hamlet and village of Farcett and Standground, in the county of Huntingdon.

Cap. 40. For amending and rendering more effedual 30 ad, made in the twenty-feventh year of the reign pf hi$ fyte majcfty King Qcorgt the Second, intituled. An aft for difcbarging the corporation of the governor, bailiffs, and commonalty, of the company of coofervators of the great level f the fins, commonly called Bedford Level,/raw a debt due to the duke ^Bedford find earl of Lincoln j end for enabling the proprietors of lands in the north level, part of the fad great level, to raife money to difcharge the proportion of the fold north level in the debts of the faid corporation; and for afcertaining and appropriating the taxes to be laid on the faid north level; andfor the more tffeftval draining and preferving the faid north level, and Avers lands adjoining thereto, in the manor of Crowland; fo far as the fame relates to the feveral fen lands lying in the fecond di-ftrid in the faid ad defcribed.

Cap. 41. For enabling fames Cox, jeweller, to difpofe of his mufaeum, commonly called Cox's Mufaum, by way of chance, in fuch manner as may be moil for the benefit of himfelf and his creditors.

Cap. 42. For amending, lighting, and watching, the highways or roads within the town, village, or chapclry, of Peterfham, in the county of Surrey.

Cap. 43. To regulate the importation and exportation of corn.

Cap. 44. To allow a drawback of the duties of cuftoms on the exportation of tea to any of his Majefty’s colonies or plantations in America; to increase the depolit on bohea tea to be fold \ at the India Company's Tales; and to impower the commiflioners of thetreafury to grant licences to the Eajl India Company to export tea duty-free.

Cap. 45* For draining and preferving certain fen lands and low grounds, lying in the fouth level, part of the great level of the tens, commonly called Bedford Level, between certain old rivers or drains, called Stoke River and Brandon River, and a certain level or diftrid called Fdtwell New Dijlrift, and the hard hods of IVoodkall in Helgey, and Helgey, in the counties of Norfolk and Suffolk.

Cap. 46. For the more effedual draining and preferving certain fen lands and low grounds in the parifli of Yaxley, in the county of Huntingdon.

Cap. 47. To enable the right honourable Sachuillo earl of Tbanet, to make a navigable cut or canal from a place called The Spring, lying near Skipton CaJIle, in the county of York, to join to aod communicate with the navigable canal from Leeds to Liver-

a 3	poole%

Digitized by v^ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

poile, in a clofe called Hebble End Clofe, in the townfhip of iSkipton, in the faid county of York.

Cap. 48. For amending and rendering more effc&uat two adh, made, one in the eighth and the other in the tenth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for regulating the nightly watch and beadles, and for paving, repairing, cleanfing, and lighting, the parifh of Saint Alary le Bone, in the county of Aftddlefex, and for other purpofes in the laid a<5ts mentioned.

Cap. 49. For more effectually executing an afl, parted in the twenty-fevemh year of King George the Second, for draining and preferring the lands in the North Level, part of Bedford Level, fo far as relates to the fourth diftridf of the faid North Level.

Cap. 50. For better regulating the poor, and repairing the highways, within the town and county of the town of South* empton.

Cap. 51. To difeourage the pradlice of commencing frivolous and vexatious fuits in his Majefty’s courts at JVeJlminjler, in caufes of adtion ariffng within the dominion of Wales; and fof further regulating the proceedings in the courts of great feffions in Walt;.

Cap. 52. For appointing wardens and aflay-mafters for aflay-ing wrought plate in the towns of Sheffield and Birmingham.

Cap. 53. To enable the inhabitants of the parifh of Saint Matthew Bethnal-Green, in the county of Middlefex, to pay debts already contradted in finifliing and turnifhing their workhoufe, and on account of the poor of the faid parifh; and for tbeir further relief.

Cap. 54. For the more effedlual prefervation of the game fq that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for repealing and amending feveral of the laws now in being relative thereto.

Cap. 55. To explain and amend the feveral laws now in being, fo tar as the fame relate to the prefervation of the moor or hill game.^

Cap. 5§. For the more effedhially reftraining the retailing of diftilled Tpirituous liquors; and for preventing the forging or counterfeiting any (lamp or feal ufed for marking filks, calftcoes, linens, and fluffs, to be printed, painted, ftained, or dyed, in Great Britain•

} Cap. $7, To explain and amend an adt, made in the fourth ' year of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An oft to prevent paper biUs si of crcdt hereof cr to be tffued in any of bis Majejly's colonies or plan-tat ions in America from being declared to be a legal tender iri pay-ftirnts of money, and to prevent the legal tender of fuel) bills as are now i fabfifling from being prolonged beyond the periods limited for calling in and finking the fame.

Cap. 58. For providing clergymen to officiate in gaols within that part of Great Britain called England.

Cap. 59. For repealing fo much of an aft of the thirty-firfl year of his hire Majefty, as inflidfs capital punifhment for frauds and abufes in the marking or ftamping of gold or filver plate $ pnd for infli&ing another pqnifhmtnt fur the laid offence.

Cap, 60,

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Csp. 60. For draining and preforving certain lands an4 grounds in the parifhes of Tsd Saint Gilts and Newton, in the Ifta t/Efyf in the county of Cambridgej and in Tid Saint Marys, in the county of Lincoln.

Cap. 61. For the better lighting and watching the town of Kingflon upon Thames, in the county of Surrey; and for removing and preventing all obftrudtions, encroachments, and nuifance* therein.

Cap. 62. For better regulating the aflifce and making of bread*

Cap. 63. For eftabltfhing certain regulations for the bettet management of the affairs of the Eaji India Company, as well in India as in Europe.

Cap. 64. For granting to his Majefty a fum of money to be railed by exchequer bills; and to be advanced and applied in the manner, and upon the terms, therein mentioned, for the relief of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eoft Indies.

Cap. 65* For explaining two a&s, made in the eleventh year of the reign of King George the Firft, and the thirtieth year of the reign of his late Majefty, in relation to the (lamp-duties upon news-papers.

Cap. 66. For railing a certain fum of money by loans or ex* chequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hurw dred and feventy- three.

Cap. 67. For laying an additional duty on paper printed, painted, or ftained, in foreign parts, imported into this kingdom.

Cap. 68* To impower the magiftrates therein mentioned to fettle and regulate the wages of perfons employed in the (ilk manufacture within their refpeCHvc jurisdictions.

Cap. 69. For further continuing an aCt, made ip the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for importing fait from Europe into the proviceof Quebec in America, for a limited time.

Cap. 70. To continue aa aCl, made in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An a& for the encouragement of the exportation of culm to Liibon, in tbe kingdom of Portugal; and for charging a higher'duty upon culm exported thither in foreign (hipping.

Cap. 71. For the better preventing the counterfeiting, dipping, and other diminifhing the gold coin of this kingdom.

Cap. 72. To permit the free importation of cod (i(h, ling, and hike, caught and cured in Cbaleur Bay, or any other part of the gulph of Saint Lawrence, or on the coaft of Labrador.

Cap. 73. To continue and amend an aCt* made jn iht (ixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled^ An aH for opening and eftabliflnng certain ports in tbe iflands of Jamaica and Dominica, for tbe more free importation and exportation of attain goods and merchandifes; for granting certain duties to defray the ex* fences of opening, maintaining,fe curings and improving, fuch ports % for afeertaimng tbe duties to be paid upon tbe importation of goods from the faid ijland of Dominica into this kingdom \ and for fevering tbe duties upon goods imported from tbe faid ifkmi into any

2 4	other

Digitized by C^ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

ether Britifh colonyand for allowing timber and wood to be exported from the faid ifland of Dominica into any other of the Britijh i (lands, colonies, or plantations in America^ for a limited time.v

Cap. 74. For the better afeertaining the tonage and burthen of (hips and veflfels importing and exporting goods into and from this kingdom, or hovering upon the coafts thereof; for amending fo much of an a£t, made in the lad feffion of parliament, for lowering the duty payable upon the importation of oak bark, as relates to the fuing for the penalties and forfeitures thereby inflilled in the court of exchequer in Scotland5 for appropriating the duty on oak bark, granted by the faid a& 5 and for obviating doubts which have arifen with refpeA to the allowing the drawback upon certain callicoes; and the bounty upon Britijb~ made cordage exported to the iflands of Madiiray the Canary iflands, and the Azores or weflern iflands.

Cap. 75. For enabling John, Robert, Jama, and William Adam, to difpofe of feveral houfes and buildings in the parifhes of Saint Alar tin in the Fields, and Saint Mary le Bone, in the county of Middlefex, and other their effe<5U, by way of chance, in fuch manner as may be mod for the benefit of themfelves and creditors.

Cap. 76. To indemnify judictsof the peace, deputy lieutenants, and officers of the militia, or others, who have omitted to regider or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law ; and for giving further time for thofe purpofes.

Cap: 77. For granting to his Majedy a Certain fum of money out of the finking fund; and for applying certain monies therein mentioned for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-three; and for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feffion of parliament; and for paying to John Harrifon a further reward for his invention of a timekeeper for afeertaining the longitude at fea, and his difeovery of the principles upon which the fame was condru&ed.

Cap. 78. To explain, amend, and reduce into one a St of parliament, thedatutes now in being, for the amendment and prefervation of the publick highways within that part of Great Britain called England, and for other purpofes.

Cap. 79. For the more effe&ual preventing the forging of the notes or bills of the governor and company of the bank of Jingland \ and for the preventing the obtaining a falfe credit, by the imitation of the notes or bills of the faid governor and company.	'

Cap. 80. To repeal an a<d, made in the tenth yesjr of the reign of his piefent Majedy, intituled,. An afl for the better prefervation of the game within that part of Great Britain called England \ and for making other provifions in lieu thereof.

Cap. 81. For the better cultivation, improvement, and regulation, of the common arable fields, wades, and commons of pafiure. in this kingdom.

Cap. 82. For the better regulation of lying-in hofpitals, and

2	othe^

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

other places, appropriated for the charitable reception of preg-naot women; and alfo to provide for the fettleinent of baftard children, born in fuch hofpitals and places.

Cap. 83. For building a bridge acrofs the river of Thames, from Richmond, in the county of Surrey, to the oppofite (bore, in the county of MiddUfuc, and to enable his Majefty to grant the inheritance of the Terry at Richmond to certain perfons therein mentioned.

Cap. 84. To explain, amend, and reduce into one aof parliament, the general laws now in being, for regulating the turnpike roads in that part of Great Britain called England; and for other purpofes.

Cap. 85. For dividing*and indofing the open arable fields, meadows, padures, and commons, or wade grounds, in the townfhip of Gowdally in the parifh of Snaith, in the county of ftri, and for draining and preferving the fame.

Cap. 86. For improving and completing the navigation of that branch of the river Trent which runs by the town of Ntuurl upon Trent, from a place called The Upper IVear, in the parifh of Averham, in the county of Nottingham, to a place called The Crank leys, in the parirn of South Mujkbam, in the faid county.

Cap. 87. For enlarging the term and powers of an ad, made in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his late Majedy, for repairing the road from the toll-gate in the parifh of Kattering, m the county of Northampton, to Newport Pagnell, in the county of Bucks.

Cap. 88. To continue the term and alter the powers of an 2% made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his late Majefty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the roads leading from a place called Bafingfione, near the town of BazJbot, in the parifh of IVindleJbam, in the county of Surrey, through FrimUy and Farnbam, in the fame xrounty, and from thence through Bentley, Hollyhorn, Alton, Ckawton, Ropley, Bi-Jkpi Sutton, New Alresford, and Mattingley, otherwife Matter-lij Lane, to the city of Winchtjler, in the county of Southampton,

Cap. 8q. To enlarge the powers of two ads, made in the twenty-fifth year of King George the Second, and fixth year of King George the Third, for repairing the roads from the north enJ of Mailing-fireet, near the town of Lewes, and other roads, in the county of SuJJex\ and for amending the road from the Broil-park Gate, to the wed end of the turnpike road leading from the turnpike road on Hur/l Green, through the parilhes of Eubingbam and Burwajh, and from the faid Broil-park Gate to the town of Bait ell, in the faid county, fo far as relates to the road from the Broil-park Gate to the wed end of the turnpike road leading from the turnpike road on Hurfi Grten% through the pirilhes of Etchingham and Burwnjh aforefaid.

Cap. 90. For repairing and widening the road from Newark vpm Trent, in the county of Nottingham, to join the turnpike road from Nottingham to Grantham, in the county of Lintoln,

near

Digitized by L. ooQie

A TA BLE of the STATUTES.

near the Guidt-po/l on the Fafs road near Bingham, in the faid county of Nottingham.

Cap. 91. For enlarging the term and powers of an act of par* liament of the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his late Ma-jcfty King Gtorge the Second, for repairing and widening the road from the city of Peterborough, through Oundle and Lbraf-jion, to Wellingborough, in the county of Northampton, and for repairing and widening feveral other roads near or adjoining thereto.

Cap. 92. For continuing the term and enlarging the powers pf an ad, made in the twenty-fecond year of his Tate Majefty’a reign, for repairing and widening the road leading from The Well at the north-weft end of the town or village of Farnborosegby in the county of Kent, to a place called River Hilly in the pa* riftt of Seven Oakes in the faid county.

Cap. 93. For making and continuing a navigable cut or ca-nal from Maugan Porth, through the fevera! parifhes of Maugan, Saint Colomb Major, Little Colan, and Saint Colomb Minor, 16 Lower Saint Colomb Porthy in the county of Cornwall.

Cap. 94. For enlarging the terms and powers of two ads, of the tenrh and twenty-firft years of the reign of his late Majefty King George the Second, for repairing the road from Hertford Bridge Hill to the town of BaJtngJloket and alfo the road from Hertford Bridge Hill aforefaid to the town of Odibamy in the county of Southampton.

Cap. 95. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an ad, pafled in the twenty ninth year of the reign of his late Majefty, for repairing and widening th * roads leading from the town of fdngton, in the county of Herefordy through the Welch Hall Laney as far as the fame county extends; and ihe feveral foads leading from Kington.aforefaid to Britiey's Mountain, to %ardijlejy to Almtejy to Eckley's Greeny to Eardijland, to Staple Bary and to Milton Hwfty in the faid county; and for amending the road from the turnpike road in the parifh of EardiJUy to WiHerfiey turnpike gate, in the faid parifh.

Cap. 96. For enlarging the term and varying the powers grafted by an ad, pared in the twenty-fecond year of the reign of his late Majefty, for repairing and widening the feveral roads leading into the town of Refiy iq the county of Hereford.

Cap. 97. For enlarging the terms and powers of three ads, pafled in the third, feventeenth, and thirteenth years of the reign of his lateMaje|iy King George the Second, for repairing the road leading from a gate called Shipjlon toll gate, at Bridgetown, in the parifh of Old Stratfordy in the county of Warwick, through Alderminfer and Shipjton upon Stower, to the top of Long Compton hill, in the faid county of Warwick 5 and alfo for repairing the road leading from the firft mile-ftone ftanding on the faid Shipfon road, through a lane called Clifford Laney and through Micklctcn and Chipping Campderjy to a place called Andover's Ford, $n the county of GlouceJler% as far as the fame relate to the faid $rft-men:icm$d road.

Cap. 98. Fof

Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 98. For repairing the road from the Royal Oak* on Wrotham Hea:hy to the town of Wrotbam, in the county of Kent* and from thence to Foots Cray; and from the faid Royal Vai tQ the town of Maidjlone, in the laid countv.

Cap. 99 For enlarging the terms and powers of two ads of the twentieth and twemy-fixth years pf the reign of hia late Majefty, for repairing the high road leading from the city of Dur-to*, in the county of Durham, to Tyne Bridge, in the faid county.

Cap. 100. To enlarge the term and powers of an act, made in the fifth year of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widen* ing the road from Newcajlle under Line to Hoffop, and from Mtiilehitls to the Macclesfield turnpike road near Buxton, and alfo the road branching out of the firft-mentioned road at Cobridge to Bmrfiem, and to the Uttoxeter turnpike road at Shelton, in the county of Stafford* and for amending feveral other roads adjoining thereto.

Cap. ioj. For continuing the term, and enlarging the powers of an adt made in the feveqteenth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, for repairing the road from Cberilly through Caine* to Studley Bridge, and from CberiH to the Three Mile Borough* at the top of Chet ill Hill, in the county of Wilts.

Cap. 102. For continuing the term and enlarging the powers of an ad, parted in the eighth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for repairing and widening the road from the way-poft, in the parifh of Hardipgflon, in the county of Northampton, to Old Stretford, in the faid county.

Cap. 103, For continuing and enlarging the terms and powers of two a<frs, made in the thirty-firft year of his late Majefty, and ninth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for repairing feveral roads in the counties of Montgomery, Merioneth, and Salop •* am) for repairing feveral other roads therein mentioned.

Cap. 104. To enlarge the powers of two ads, mide in the eighth and eleventh years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal, from the firth or river of Forth, at or near the mouth of the river of Cirr-m, in the county of Stirling, to the firth or river of Clyde, at or near a place called Dalmufr Bttrnfoot, in the county of Dum-brio*, and alfo a collateral cut from the fame to the city of Glofgow, and for making a navigable cut or canal of communication from the port and harbour of Borrowjiounnefs, to join the faid canal, at or near the place where it will fall into the firth of Forth.

Cap. 105. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from the Guide poft at the weft end of the town or Bmpteny over Sudbury Common, to the town of Staines* in tho county of Middlefex.

Cap. 106. For enlarging and altering the terms and powers of two feveral ads, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of King Gtorge the Firft, and in the fifteenth year pf the reign of

King

Digitized by Gc ^Ie

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

King George the Second, for repairing tho roads leading from the town of Bromefgrove to the town of Dudley, in the county of Worcefer, and from the faid town of Bromefgrove to the town of Birmingham, in the county of Warwick, fo far as the faid ads relate to the repairing of the faid road, leading from the town of Bromefgrove to the town of Dudley.

Cap, 107. For enlarging and altering the term and powers of an ad, made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing the roads leading from the market-houfe in Stourbridge, and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of IVorceJier, Stafford, Salop, and Warwick, refpedively.

Cap. 108. For repairing and widening the road from the north turnpike road near Scot Gate, otherwife Sco Gate, in the town of Stamford, in the county of Lincoln, to Oakham* in the county of Rutland, and from Oakham, through Burin, to a gate on the north fide of a certain clofe, in the faid lordmip of Jfrr-ley, called Booth's Clofe, adjoining to the open fields of Cottef-more, in the faid county of Rutland.

Cap. 109. For more effectually amending feveral roads leading from the city of Exettr, and for rebuilding or repairing Exe Bridge, and making the avenues leading thereto more commodious ; and for building a bridge over the river Exe, at or near Countefs Wear; and for amending feveral other roads therein mentioned.

Cap. no. To enlarge the term and powers of an adt, palled in the fixth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled. An aQ for repairing and widening the road from the prefent turnpike road at Haverhill to Redcrofs, in the parifb trf Shelford, in the county s/" Cambridge.

Cap. hi. For building a bridge over the river Towey, near Llandovery, in the county of Carmarthen; and for making the fords near the faid town fafe and commodious.

Cap. 112. For more effectually amending feveral roads leading from and near the borough of Truro, in the county of Corn-Wall, and for building a bridge over the river, at a place called The Steppings, in or near the faid borough.

Cap. 113. For building a bridge acrofs the river Severn, near Redflotie, in the county of Worcefer, and for making proper avenues and roads to and from the fame; and for making fatis-fadtion to the proprietors of a ferry acrofs the faid river at Red-forte aforefaid.

Cap. 114. For enlarging the term and powers of three adts, pafied in the firft, nioth, and twenty-fecond years of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, for repairing and enlarging the road leading from the houfe called The Sign of the Bells, in the parifh of Saint Margaret, in Rotbefer, to Maid-fone, and other roads therein mentioned, in the county of Kent.

Digitized by LaOOQle

PRIVATE

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

PRIVATE ACTS.

f. A N ad for naturalizing Paul D'Aigremont.

A 2. An a<5t for naturalizing Emeric Vidaly Philippe Ri~ tier, and Abraham Favenc.

3.	An a<5t for naturalizing Peter Francis Martin.

4.	An ad to enable the right honourable Robert lord vifeount Chriy the right honourable IVellbore Ellis, and Charles Jenkin-Jon, efquire, to take, in Great Britain, the oath of office, as vice treafurer, and receiver-general, and paymafter-general, of all his Majcfty’s revenues in the kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themfelves for the enjoyment of the faid offices.

5.	An ad for veiling feveral fee-farm and other rents, part of the fettled eftates of fir Charles Cocks, baronet, in truftees, to be fold; and for enfranchifing certain copyhold or cuftomary lands within the manor of Reigate, in the county of Surrey, and for laying out the money arifing by fuch fale and enfranchife-ment in the purchafe of other lands, to be fettled to the fame ufts.

6.	An ad to enable the redor of Saint Martin in Birmingham to grant leafes of certain parts of the glebe lands belonging to the faid redory.

7.	An ad for obviating doubts, touching the validity of the; proceedings of the commifiioncrs appointed by an ad, pafled in the eleventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for dividing and inclofing certain lands therein mentioned in that part ofthe manor of Tardebig, which lies in the county of IVorcefler.

8.	An ad for dividing and enclofing certain wafte lands, called Hadfor Common, in the county of IVorcefler.

q. An ad for dividing and inckfing the open and common fields, and meadow grounds, in the townfhips of Snai tbznd Cowicky in the county of Tori.

10. An aGt for dividing and enclofing the feveral open fields, open arable lands, commons, and wafte grounds, within the manor and parilh of ArmtborpCy in the weft riding in the coun* ty of York.

ir. An ad for dividing and inclofing the open fields, mea- * dows, common paftures, and wafte grounds, within the parilh of Cromwelly in the county of Nottingham.

12.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open common fields, meadows, pafture, and other commonable and wafte lands, within the manor and parifh of Brinkbilly in the coupty of Lincoln.

13.	An ad for dividing and inclofing a certain moor or common, called Gailes Moor, in the rownfhip and manor of Dalton Traverfey otherwise GaileSy in the parilh of Kirby Ravenfworthy in the north riding of the county of York.

14.	An ad for dividing and inclofing a certain open field, or pared of land, called Bonfall Leys and Greeny within the parilh of Bohfally in the county of Derby.

15. An

Digitized by

A TABLE of the STATUTES

$5. An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pafturcs, and other commonable lands and grounds in the parifti of Irchejlery in tht county of Northampton; and alb two pieces of land or ground therein deferibed^ lying within the parities of Wellingborough and Great Doddingtoh, in the faid county.

16.	Ati ad for dividing and enclofing the feveral open fields, Arable lands, meadows, commons, and wafte grounds, within the manor of Church Broughtdn9 in the county of Derby.

17.	An ad for dividing and enclofir.g the open fields, (tinted pafturcs, coihmon, and waftes, within the manor of Arkcndalty in the weft riding of the county of York.

18.	An ad for dividing and inclofing feveral open fields and Commons, or wafte lands, in the manor of Market Weighton Ivith Sbiptohy in the county of YorL

19.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields of Upton, in the parifh of Burford, in the county of Oxford.

20.	An ad for dividing* allotting, and inclofing the open common fields, common meadows, common paftures, and wafte grounds, in the manor and parifti of Bourton on the Water, in the county of Gloucefter, and in the manor of Clapton on the Hilly in the fame parifti.

21.	An ad for dividing and inclofing Courchill Common, within the manor of parifti of Churchill, in the county of IVerceJlet.

22.	An ad for naturalizing 1/aac Adoner.

23.	An ad for naturalizing John Gottlob Neuman.

24.	An ad for naturalizing John franc it Cur heed.

, 25. An ad for naturalizing Ifabel Bouillon.

26.	An ad for naturalizing Stephen Bcuzeulli.

27.	An ad to enable trufUes to make leafes of certain eftates, late of Anthdny earl of Sbdftefiury, deceafed, during the minorities of his children; and for eftabliftiing and carrying into execution an agreement made between Maty counters dowager of bbaftejburyy her infant fyn, and the lord bifhop of Elyy receding certain meftuagesand tenements fituate in the parifh of Saint Andrew Holbourn, in the county of Middle/**.

28.	An ad for vefting in John earl of Hopetcuuy and his heirs in fee-fimple, certain lands, part of his entailed eftate, in the counties of Haddington and Fife; and for fettling ifi lieu thereof, other lands lying contiguous to, and imerfptrfed with, the faid entailed eftate*

29.	An ad for vefting the manors of Eajl and Weft Stodeleyf 2nd certain other hereditaments in the county of Dtvon, (part of the fettled eftates of James Bernard efquire), in truftees* to be conveyed to Matthew Britkdale efquire, and his heirs, pursuant to an agreement entered into by him for the purchafe thereof 5 and for applying the purchafe money in difeharge of a mortgage affeding the faid premifes $ and for other purpofes therein mentioned*

30.	An ad for vefting the fettled eftate of the reverend Sa-

3	muel

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

mil Hemming clerk, and Maria Ms wife, in the county of Staffing in truftees, in order chat the fame may be conveyed to Gorge Adams efquire, and his heirs, purfuant to an agreement made by him tor the purchafe thereof * and for veiling the pur-chafe money in other lands and hereditaments to be fettled to the like ufes.

31.	An ad for exonerating part of the real eftate of Tbmat Wbicbcot efquire, in the county of Lincoln* from a debt of ten thoufind pounds, charged thereon for the portions of the younger children of Cbnjl$pbcr Whuheote efquire, and Jane his wife, daughter of the faid Thomas Wbicbcote* and for fubjeding and charging other lands of greater value, to the payment thereof.

за.	An act to enable the vicar of Kenftngtpt* in the county of MA&efex, to grant leafes of part of the glebe lands belonging to the bid vicarage.

33.	An ad for dividing and inclofing feveral commons, heaths, and wafte grounds, within the pariih of Drayton in Hales, in the counties of Salop and Stafford.

34.	An ad for dividing and inclofing feveral lands and grounds in the pariih of Goxbill* in the county of Lincoln.

35.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, heath, lot, and wafte ground, in the pariih of Eajl Hodden, in the county of Northampton.

зб.	An ad for confirming and eftabfilhing articles of agree* meat, for the better ordering and regulating the manner of feeding, ufing, and enjoying, feveral commonable and wafte grounds, lying in Cbatteries, in tbe ifte of Ely* and county of Cambridge, and alfo for afeertaining the parts or lots belonging to each commoner, in certain fenns therein mentioned3 and for empowering the commoners to plough* and cultivate the hid fens for a certain number of years therein limitted; and for obliging occupiers of lands, in the open fields of Cbatteries, to fence tbe fame.

37.	An ad for dividing and inclofing certain open common fields, meadows, ings, and other commonable lands and wafte grounds, within the townlhip and pariih of Eajl Keal* otherwife Eofier Kcaly in the county of Lincoln.

38.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common

fields, common paftures, common meadows, common grounds, heath, and wafte ground, in the manor and pariih of Rugby* in the county of Warwick.	,

Jy, An ad for dividing and inclofing certain fields, lands, grounds, within (he townfhip or lordlhip of Evtrthorpe, in the pariih of North Cave, in tbe call riding of the county of

nr*.

40. An ad for dividing and inclofing certain open and com-0on fields, meadows, ings, and other commonable lands and wafia grounds, within the manor of Toyntons, in the townlhips of Tmton all Saints, and Toynton Saint Peters, in the county of Lincoln:	An

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

4!. An aft for dividing and inclofing certain open common fields, ings, common paftures, and other commonable land?, within the manors, or manor, and townfhip of Hemingby, in the county of Lincoln.

42.	An aft for dividing and inclofing certain moors or commons within the town (hips of Whitt on le Wear* and North Bid-burnt* within the chapelry of IVhitton It Wear* in the manor of Walftngham, in the county palatine of Durham.

43.	An aft for dividing aud inclofing certain open fields, lands, and grounds, within the townfhip or lordfhip of Wilton* in the parifh of Ellerburn, in the north riding of the county of York.

44.	An aft for dividing and inclofing certain open and common fields, meadows, paftures, furze, and wafte grounds, in the parifh of Thorpe on the Hill, in the county of Lincoln.

45.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the common and wafte land, within the manor of Sambourn, in the pariftt of Cougbton* in the county of Warwick.

46.	An aft for dividing and inclofing feveral open and common fields, common meadows, and other commonable lands and places, within the parifh of Nafford* and chapelry of Bir~ lingbam* in the county of Worcejler.

47.	An aft to enable Robert Athorpe Blanchard, efquire, now called Robert Atborpe Athorpe, and his heirs male, to take and ufe the fumame of Athorpe only, purfuant to the will of Henry Atborpe* efquire, dcceafed. '

48.	An afl for naturalizing Jofeph Franel.

49.	An aft for vetting certain tenements and hereditaments in the counties of Oxford\ Berks, and Wits* part of the fettled eftates of the earl of Macclesfield, in truftees, to be fold or exchanged , and the money arifing thereby to be laid out in the purchafe of other lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to be fettled to the fame ufes; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

50.	An aft to enable the dean and chapter of the cathedral church of Worcejler, to make and eftablifh an exchange of certain lands and premifes, in the county of Worcejler, for other lands and premifes in the laid county, belonging to Thomas Foley efquire.

51.	An aft to impower the wardens, preceptor, or matter of the fcholars, and poor people of the alms-houfe or hofpital of Jefus* in Gijburn in Cleveland* in the county of York* to convey a certain mefliiage, and divers lands, tenements, and hereditaments, the ettate of the laid alms-houfe or hofpital, unto Charles Turner of Kirkleatkam* in the faid county, efquire, and his heirs ; and to .enable the faid wardens, preceptor, or matter, of the fcholars and poor people of the alms-houfe or hofpital of JtJus* to carry into execution an agreement with the reverend Henry Heivgill* of Hornby Grainge, in the faid county of York* clerk, for the purchafe of a certain mefluage, or tenement, lands and hereditaments, in the parifh of Biriby, in the north riding

•	ot

Digitized by

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

of the laid county, of greater value, to be conveyed to, and held by them and their fucceflors, for the ufe, benefit, and advancement of the laid charity.

52.	An a St for effecting an exchange of lands, between tiarks Turner, efquire, and the mailer, fellows, and fcholars of Trinity College in Cambridge.

53.	An a& tor nominating a perfon, in the room of Thomas Cartwright efquire, deceafed, to join with Elizabeth Cartwright widow, in directing the fale of fu<?h part or parts of the fettled eftates of the faid Thomas Cartwright, deceafed, as they (hall think proper, for railing five thoufand feven hundred pounds, and for other purpofes.

54.	An ad to enable James Theobald, efquire, to carry into execution an agreement for fale of certain hereditaments, fituate at White Waltham, in the county of Berks, (part of his fettled eftates), to the reverend William Reid; and for laying out the money ariling by fuch fale in the purchafe of other lands and hereditaments, to be fettled to the ufes to which the faid fettled eftates do now (land Unfitted.

55.	An a& to enable the redlor of the parilh church of Stock-ftrtj in the county of Chejler, for the time being, to grant leafeg of put of the glebe lands belonging to the faid redtory, and to exchange part of the faid glebe lands, and other lands in the township of Stockport aforefaid, between fir George Warrm knight of the bath, patron of the advowfon of the faid reflory, and John Wotjon, prefent re&or of the parilh and parilh church of Stock-pert aforefaid.

56.	An a6t for dividing and inclofing the open fields, pafture grounds, ings, and common or wafte ground, within the townlhip of Eaft Cottingwith, in the call riding of the county of York.

57.	An a& for dividing and inclofing the open arable field?, meadow and pafture grounds, within the town and territories of Burftwick and Sbeekling, in the parilh of Sheckling cum Burjl-wick in Holdernefs, in the eaft riding of the county of York.

38. An a6t for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the open and common fields, meadows, commonable lands, and commons, within the manor, parilh, townlhip, and liberties of Houghton m Wilton, in the county of Huntingdon.

$9. An a& for dividing and inclofing the open commons, and r wafte grounds, within the manor and townlhip of Walf-trove, othertfife Falfgrave, in the parilh of Scarborough, in the nonh riding of the county of York.

60.	An a£t for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, and commonable land, lying within the townlhips, liberties, and precincts of Broad Sibford, otherwife Sibford Qower, and Burdrup, in the parilh of Swaiclijfe, in the county of Oxford.

61.	An a£t for dividing, inclofing, and allotting the open or common Adds, meadows, paftures, commonable places, and other lands and grounds, within the townlhip of Wbitgreave% in

62. Ail

Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

62 An aft for dividing and inclofing feveral open fields, lands, and grounds, in the parifh of Whitton, in the county of

Linoln.

63.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and commonable fields, meadows, lands, and waftc grounds of, within and belonging to the manor, parifii, and liberties of Prefton, in the county of Rutland.

64.	An aft for dividing, and inclofing, the open and common fields, of Newbold upon Avon, in the county of Warwick, and Longlawford Heath 5 in the parifh of Newbold aforeiaid.

65.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open common fields, meadow grounds, and common fens, in the parifh of Haeionby, in the county of Lincoln.

66.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the commons, wades, •and common fields, in the parifhes of Pingewick, and Radcliw .1cum Chackmore, in the county of Bucks.

67.	An aft for dividing and inclofing certain ndoors, commons, or trafts of wade land within the parifh and manor of Lanchejler, in the county palatine of Durham.

68.	An aft for dividing, inclofing, and allotting a certain common or parcel of wade land, called Kinfare and Compton Common, within the manor and parifh of Kinver, otherwife JEwt* fare, in the county of Stafford.

69.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the feveral open arable fields, parcels of meadow, or padure, and other grounds, within the parifh of Harpham, in the parifh of Agnes Burton, in the eaft riding of the county of York.

70.	An aft for dividing and inclofing a certain open field, and the commons, common of padure, and wade grounds, within the parifhes of Skipton, and Kildwick, in the county of York.

71.	An aft to difTolvethe marriage of fohn Featherjion Bower-banke, with Anne Jane Bonnet I, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

72.	An aft to enable Edward Gregge Hopwood, (late Edward Gregge) efquire, and the heirs male of his body, and the other perfons therein defcribed', to retain, take, and ule the furname of Hopwood, and to bear and quarter the arms of Hopwood, purfu-ant to the will of Robert Hopwood deceafed.

73.	An aft for veding certain manors, lands, and tenements, in the IJle of Wight, part of the fettled edate of fir Thomas AHU ler baronet, in truftees, to be fold; and for purehafing other Hands and hereditaments, to be fettled to the fame ufes.

74.	An aft for difcharging divers mefluages, lands, and hereditaments, part of the edate of John Hudfon late of Beffngby, in the county of York, efquire, deceafed, from the ufes of his irnarriage fettlement, and for fettling other lands and hereditaments to the fame ufes.

75.	An aft for veding the moiety of the manor of Ruffels, and the moiety of divers mefluages, lands, and hereditaments, with the appurtenances in CbeJUford otherwife Gbilford, and other place? in the. county of Suffolk, comprized iu the fettlement

Wade

)igiti?ed by

Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

made previous to the marriage of Mr. Charles Smithy and Eliza* bah his now wife, late Elizabeth Bijhop fpinfter, in truftees, to be fold; and for purchafing other lands and hereditaments, to be fettled to the like ufes.

76.	An a<5t to enable the governors of the free grammar fchool of Edward the Sixth, late King of England, in the town of Sed-bergb, in the county of Torky to exchange certain lands and pof-feffions of the faid fchool, therein mentioned, with Walter Va-vafottr, of Wejlon, in the faid county, efquire, for other lands in the parifh of Sedbergb, aforefaid, of greater value, to be fettled to the fame ufes.

77.	An a<5t for impowering the judges of the court of fefftoni in Scotlandy to fell each part or parts of the eftate of Barnholm in the llewartry of Kirkcudbright, belonging to John M'Culloihy now of Barbolm, as {hall be fufficient for payment of the debts affecting the fame, and for fettling the remainder of the faid eftate in tail on the fame feries of heirs, and in the fame manner, as is mentioned in a deed of entail, made in the year one thoufand faren hundred and fixty-two.

78.	An a& to impower the feoffees of Roan’s charity in GTtenwicby to fell a meffuage, and two pieces of land, part of the eftate of the faid charity, to the vicar of the faid parifh, and to apply the money arifing by fuch fale in the purchafe of other lands,to be conveyed to the like ufes; and to enable the faid vicar to take a conveyance of the faid meffuage, and two piece* of land; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

79.	An a& for felling the fettled eftates of Henry Cornijh Hen-J7, efquire, in Lyme Regisy Wooten Fitz pain, and Maiden Newton, in the county of Dorfety and for laying out the money to arife thereby in the purchafe of other lands and hereditaments, to be fettled to the fame ufes as the faid fettled eftates now ftand limitted.

80.	An a<51 for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, and all other commonable lands, and certain lot ground, within the feveral villages or townfhips of Beckfordy Grafton% Afloton Underbil/y and Bengrove in the parilh of Beckfordy and county of Gloucejfer.

81.	An a6t for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, and common paftures of §beqfbyy in the parifh of Knap* toft, and county of Leicejier.

82.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open common fields,

meadow grounds, common fen, cow pafture, and other commonable lands, in the parilh of Helpringham, in the county of Lincoln.	*	»

83.	An a& for dividing and inclofing certain commons or paftures, called Hognafon Wynn^\nd Hognajlon Oldfieldy within the liberty of HognaJlony in the county of Derby.

84.	An a6i for dividing and inclofing die open and common fields, common meadows, and commonable lands, within the parilh of Longmarftony in the county of Gloucejler.

An att for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the open b 2	and

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

find common fields, meadows, commonable lands and com* tnons, within the manor, parifh, and liberties of Little Stukeley, in the county of Huntingdon.

86.	An alt for dividing and inclofing the open arable fields, meadow and pafture grounds, within the townfhip of Prejlon, in Holdemejfe, in the eaft riding of the county of York.

87.	An alt for fevering, dividing, inclofing, and allotting divers parcels of common, or wafte grounds, within the townfhips of Groppenball and Latchfordy in the county palatine of Chejler.

88.	An act for dividing and inclofing the feveral open fields, within the townfhip and parifh of DraXy in the weft riding of the county of York.

89.	An alt for dividing and inclofing the feveral open fields, carrs, ings,or meadow grounds and commons or waite grounds within the townfhip and parifh of Holme upon Spalding Moor, in the eaft riding of the county of York.

90.	An ad to diflolve the marriage of John Gordon efquire, with Jane Norris Fijher, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

91.	An alt to diflolve the marriage of John Green cleric, with Elizabeth Green, his now wife, and to enable him to marry a* gain : and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

92.	An alt for making a partition and divifion of certain eftates, in the parifh of Rytony in the county of Durham, between fir Edward Blackett baropet, and fir IValter Blackett baronet, purfuant to an agreement made between them.

93.	An act for the divifion, allotment, and appropriation of feveral mefluages, lands, ’and. hereditaments, in the feveral counties of Lcictflcry Nottingham, and Lincoln, the eftates of Thomas Heron efquire, whereof he is either tenant for life, under different fetrlements, or whereunto he is intitled to him and his heirs in fee Ample.

94.	An act for veiling part of the fettled eftate of Smith Child gentleman, in the county of Stafford, in truftees, to be fold, to raife money to pay off the incumbrances charged upon, and af-feding the fame, and for other purpofes therein mentioned,

9<j. An alt for fale of the fettled eftate of Henry Spelman clerk, in the county of Norfolk, and for other purpofes therein motioned.

y6. An ad for fale of certain charity eftates therein mentioned, and to apply the money to arife therefrom, in the building of a town-hall and fhamhles in the town of Newark upon Trent; and in the purchafing of lands and hereditaments for enlarging the church-yard of the faid town, and for opening the avenues thereto; and for laying out the refidue of the money in pur-chafing other lands, to be fettled to the charitable ufes therein* mentioned.

97,	An ad for eftabliftiing and rendering effedual certain articles of agreement, enabling the feveral fee farm and cuftom-ary tenants, within the honour, manor, and lordfhip of Hornby

and

Digitized by L,ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

and manor of Tatham9 in the county palatine of Lancafttr, to purchafe the timber trees and underwoods growing upon their refpecfive tenements; and for veiling the foie property thereof in them refpedtively, and extinguishing the cullomary right of the other tenants therein, and for releafing and extinguiQi-ing the freehold, fee farm, and cullomary rents, boons, fines, and other fervices of right due and accuftomed for the tenements of fuch of the faid tenants who have executed the faid anicles of agreement, and of fuch who (hall within the time limited by this adt come in and purchafe their timber, trees, woods, and underwoods, rents, boons, fines, and franchife-meats, with fuch exceptions and refervations only as are in this a# mentioned.

98.	An adt to impower the reverend Ptolemy Humfrey clerk, and the reverend John Jepbcot clerk, and Catbarina Dorothea his wife; and to exchange a mefluage and certain clofes in Thorpe Mandeville, in the county of Northampton, part of the glebe of the redtory of Thorpe Mandeville aforefaid, for a mefluage, two fmall cottages, and feveral clofes and lands in Thorpe Mandeville aforefaid, part of the eftate of Richard Jennings of Wefton9 in the county of Northampton efquire; and for the fetting out, afligning, and appointing other clofes, lands or grounds of the faid Richard Jennings in Thorpe Mandeville a-foreCaid, in lieu of tithes, and for other the purpofes therein mentioned.

99.	An adt for dividing and indofing feveral tradls, or parcels of common and wade ground called and known by the refpective names of Temple Sowerby Moon the Down Moor, the Whinnes, and Par fori 1 Clofe, within the pari(h of Kirkby Thore9 in the county of Weftmoreland.

100.	An act for dividing and inclofing a certain parcel of common, or wade land, called Galey Common, lying within the manor or lord (hip of Galey, in the county of Stafford.

101.	An adt for dividing and inclonng the common and wade grounds, within the manor and townlhip of Culgaitbe9 in the county of Cumberland.

102.	An adt for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the common fields, common meadows, and other commonable lands, in the manor and parifh of Stanton Harcourt9 in the county of Oxford.

103.	An adt for dividing and inclofing the commons and wade lands within the manor of TryfuL, and Seifdon9 in the pa-nih of Tryfuly in the county of Stafford.

104.	An adt for dividing and inclofing certain open and common fields, meadows, ings, moors, common paftures, and other commonable lands within the manors of Haltham cum JbugbtMy in the townlhips of Haltham and Roughton, in the cgunty of Lincoln.

105.	And adt for dividing and inclofing certain commons and wafte lands, in the feveral parifhes of Round Afton%

6	Morvil)

Digitized by v^.ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Morvil, Barrow, Much Wenlock, and AJUej Abbots, in the county of &*/#«

106.	An alt for dividing and inclofing the feveral parcels of fen, and other commonable lands, within the parilh of Swinef-bead, in the county of Lincoln; and alfo, a certain plot of land, called Wigtoft Marfb, in and near to the hid parilh of Swineflxad.

107.	An alt for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, and commonable lands, within the manor and pa-rifh of Hoffeington, in the county of Lincoln.

108.	An alt to difiolve the marriage of Philip Cade efquire, Vrith Catharine Whitworth, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

109.	An alt for naturalizing William Villers, an infant.

no. An alt for vetting part of the ettates ftriltly entailed by

the wilhof the mod noble Charles Noel late duke of Beaufort in truftees to be fold, and for applying the money arifing by fuch fale in the purchafe of other manors, lands, and hereditaments, in the county of Monmouth, to be fettled to the fame ufes.

in. An alt for difeharging the manor of Greenfield, and divers mefluages, lands, and hereditaments, in the county of Lincoln, part of the eftate of Richard earl of Scarborough, from the ufes, ettates, and trufts, declared concerning the fame, by the fettlement executed previous to his marriage with Barbara counters of Scarborough his wife; and for fettling other lands, and hereditaments of greater value, in lieu thereof, to the like ufes.

112.	An alt for vetting divers freehold and leafehold efiates, and certain goods and chattels, late of fir Edward Turner, baronet, deceafed, in fir Gregory Turner baronet, his eldeft fon, as a compenfation for, and in fatisfaltion of his claims on his laid late father’s eftate and effelts.

113.	An alt for vetting part of the fettled ettates of CharUs Bother Adderley efquire, in the parifties of Hanbury and Leigh, in the county of Stafford, in truftees, to be fold, for payment o( the incumbrances affelting the fame; and for laying oui the re-fidue of the money arifing by fuch fale in the purchafe of othei lands and hereditaments, to be fettled to the like ufes.

114.	An alt for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, common grounds, and commonable lands, within the parilh and liberties of Hook• norton and Southtop, in the county of Oxford.

115.	An alt for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields and lands, common heath and watte grounds, within th< townlhip of Wefi Willoughby, in the manor of Sudbrooke, and parilh of Ancafier, in the county of Lincoln.

116.	An alt for naturalizing Jacques, otherwife James Louis, an infant, under the age of eighteen years.

T HI

\

Digitized by L^ooQle

A

j. ,	/

TABLE

O	F T H E

STATUTES

PUBLICK and PRIVATE,

PafTed Anno deeimo quarto

GEORGII III. Regis.

PtrbLtCK

Cap. I. T? O R granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tart Jl to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of thd year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four.

Cap. 2. For continuing and granting to his Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of th$ year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four.

Cap. 3. For puniftving mutiny and defertionj and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 4. For the regulation of his Majefty’s marine forces while on fhore*

Cap. 5. To allow the Exportation of corn, grain, and other ( articles, to his Majefty’s fugar colonies in America; and to ex- j tend the provifions of an adt made in the laft feflion of parlia* ; ^ ment, (intituled. An gR to regulate the importation and expor-toxion of corn)) allowing the exportation of wheat, meal, flour, rye, barley, or malt, to the iflands of Guernjiy and Jerfej) to bread, bifeuit, and peafe; and to allow the exportation of all the Cud articles to the ifland of Alderney.

Cap. 6. For further continuing two a&s, made in the fixth and ninth years of his Majefty’s reign, for punifhing mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their 1 quarters, in his Majefty’s dominions in America.

Cap. 7. For better paving, cleanfing, and lighting, th®

Vo	a	Erects,

Digitized by v^ooQle

A T.ApL.E of tbt, STJJiU/rpa lanes, w»d M&g?*., jn % ^ »f AigOf,. and liberties thereof, in fhe county of Glamorgan, apd formpaovihg .and preventing nuifances and annpyanee* therein^ - T ( j Cap. 8. To explain and amend two ads, made In the tenth and twelfth vears of his pref^nt Majefty’s reign, fpr pavipg, lighting, and watching, the town of Plymouth, in tl^county,of Devon; and for jugulating the carmen apd posters yti$un die faid town.	‘	,	,	,

Cap. g. To continue for a further timp an ad, made in^he eighth year of his pjrefenr Majefty's reign, intitujed,jfn fiftM continue and amend an aft, made in the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majejiy, intituled. An aft for importation of Jaftift kpf, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time, and for 1 allowing the importation of falted buj, pork, bacon, and butter? j from the Britifh dominions in America, for a limited*time*

Cap. ro. For reducing the duty payable upon the exportation of Gum Senega, granted by an adt, made in the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majcfty, (intituled. An aft for laying cirtain duties upon Gum Senega and Gum Arabic, imported into or ex-portedfrom Great Britain, and/or confining the exportation of Gum Senega from Africa to Great Britain only).

Cap. ii. To allow the exportation of a limited quantity of bifeuit and,peafe to the ifland of Newfoundland, for the benefit of the Britijh fiihery there.

Cap. 12. For veiling a piece of wafte ground within, and parcel of, the manor of Clapbam, in. the county of Surrey, in truftees, and for enabling them to build a new parifh church thereon;

Cap. 13. For enabling Sir John Ramfden, bSronet, to make and maintain a navigable canal, from the river Colder (between a bridge called Cooper's Bridge and the mouth of the river Colne) to The King's Mill, near the town of Huddersfield, in the weft riding of the county of York.	?

Cap* 14. To repeal a claufe in an aft, made in the thirteenth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft to explain, amend, and reduce into one aft of parliament, the general laws now in being for regulating the turnpike roads in that part of Great Britain called England, and for other purpofesy which regulates the width of the wheels, and the length of carriages liable to be weighed ; and for indemnifying perfons who have offended a-gainft the faid claufe.

,* Cap. 15. For making perpetual two adls, pafled in the tenth and eleventh years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for regulating the trials of controverted cleft ions, or Warm of members to ferve in parliament.

Cap. 16. For amending and rendering more effcdual an a6t, made in the thirtieth year of the feign, ot ,his latcmaiefty King George the Second, (intituled. An aft for draining andpreferving certain fen. lands-, low grounds, and commons, in the toumjbips or * hamlets of Mprch and Witnblington,.^^ in the parifi of up'well, in themt of Ely* and county of Cambridge,) fe far as the fame *	«	/	relates

Digitized by v^ooQle

A T& ftLfc W Ae IT At*tTO£&

vttsta^tl^	ffeti	njipdisitid.	low	&6tmds	lying	"in	the

I^j^jioHitlHtf	bdt	in	execution

4.;	___—	.	_	Jht ibbufimd feoiri huhdhd find fevehty*

j^/tog^hfePtWth tHbCiJifttfied in' two fotto&r k&$ far appointing cpmmifSoners of the land tax.	,	*	<	•'

dWri^JrtgWlc charge off he pay* ahd doathing of^^iuBlxiWthat pm of Great Britain f cal led England> ft* oneynr, bigibnri^tW twenty-lifth day df March, one thou-fcodfeven bdiVdfed ahifeventy-four.

Cap, 19I TodifcOntihue, irt fuch manner, arid for fuch time* j is arc therein mentioned, the landing and difcharging, lading of ! /hipping, of gobds, afa'res, and merchandife, at the town, and \ within theharbour, 6f Bo/fon, in the province of Majfacbufet's \ Sol it^tfartlr America. •

Cap. 20. For the relief of prifoners charged with felony, or ether crimes?, who ffiall be acquitted or difcharged by proclamation, refpdftmg the payment of fees to gaolers, and giving a rccotnpence for fuch fees out of the county rates.

Cap. if. Fbr more effe&ually carrying into execution certain propofals, made by the moft noble Henrv Duke of Buuleugh% the moft noble Charles Duke of ^uecnjherry and Dover, and others, for* redeeming the annuities granted by the compsmjr of the bank of Ayre, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, known utider the firm of Douglas, Heron, and Company.

Cap. 22. To enable his Majefty to grant unto major general Ibm Frafer the lands and eftate of the late Simon lord Lorvat> upon certain termd and conditions.

Cap. 23. Tor amending and rendering more effectual fcveral a& of parliament of the fixteenth and feventeenrh, and twenry-fccond years of King Charles the Second^ and of the eleventh year of Mi fate M^dftyVfor draining and preferving certain lands Beeping Fens; in the county of Lincoln.

' :£ap; tL Forphvihg, repairing, lighting, and watching,'the fttet,' irid other public paffages and places within that part of caNed Saint James's, and removing ob-’ *tu* arrtho^fcntes therein $ for widening the paflage fiwiparifh church ; and for watching and lighting certain highways within the faid parifh.	*

Ga^^/Fcrf’ihenfoftfdf^ual preventing frauds, and em* mr jidHbtia employed in the woollen manufa&ory.

Tcraflofc thfc1 exportation of b limited quaritity of

barley, peafe, Jhnetica, fervants

pW$ff '*fot\fain&^hd	vpvittob-m

ftaiiMe* fcfWfile 'of Tti«t	tfa	be

’3»^^/ta thc'coo4*y‘6|1'6f?a^wx<Mr.1 ; v • ' : ' *

a 2

jti2rket ami

borough of

1 \‘ ..

Cap* 28,

Digitized by Google

AYTABLE:of 4* S>T&VpllEjS. a Cap. 28. To *ontinnc aa aft, tmadd in :*ho ^flidytCwqijd year of the, reign of his la*e majctyftfog {3**r# toe Second, fc* laying a duty of ,twjo pennies £*/,i pr QQPrfot& pa# p£ a paipy Sterling, upon every &#/* pint of ale, and beer, ^^iqh iball be brewed for fale, bronght imp, tapped, or fokJr, ^jthfo the^wn of Kinghom, and liberties thereof.	,	,	^

„ Cap. 29^ For the better relief and employment of tbp poor within the parifh of Saint Lepmrd^Shoreditcb,, in tbp coupty of MiddJefex^ and for building a workhoufe, and for pprc^tiipg a pieceof land for a burial groond, for the ufe of the faiij , parifli.

Cap. 30. For providing a wofkhonfe, and for better jsoyern-ing, regulating, and maintaining the poor, wjthipg the Old Artillery Ground, in the liberty of the Tower of Ltydyi* apdfor .paving, clcanfing, lighting, and watching, the flreers, lanes, and other open pailages and places within the fame ; and for preventing obftru<5tions and annoyances therein.

Cap. 31. For repairing the highways and bridges in the county of Fife.

Cap. 32. To enable the governor'and comparer of the bank of Scotland to encreafe the capital (lock of the faid company*

Cap. 33. For dividing and inclofing the open fields, meadows, dinted common padures, and other common and wade lands and groundv in the parilh of Tetney9 in the county of Lincoln 5 and for draining and improving part of the faid parilh.

Cap. 34. For granting further time to the united company of merchants of England, trading to the Eaft Indies, to expofe to fale the finglo and bohea teas remaining in their warehouses unfold, on the fifth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four; and for allowing the drawbacks on the exportation of fuch teas.

Cap, 35. To enable the com m i (doners for executing the office of treafurer of his Majefty’s exchequer, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, to compound certain debts due to his Majedy, and affe&ing the eft arcs heretofore of Charles Ma~ fon, efquire, deceafed, in the counties of Montgomery and Salop \ and, upon payment of fuch competition, to difeharge and exonerate the faid edates therefrom.

Cap. 36. To explain and amend an act, made in the thirteenth year of his prefcnt Majefty’s reign, intituled. An aft to explain, amend, and reduce into one aft of parliament„ tbe general laws now in being for regulating the turnpike roads in that part of Great Britain called England, and fog other purpofes g fo far as the fame relates to the continuing and granting an additional term of five years to a<ds made for amending turnpike roads.

Cap. 37. For allowing further time for inroln^ent oTdfcds and wills made by papifts, and for relief of protetiant pur-chafers. t ,	.	c	-	.	'	.

Cap. 38. Fpfl paving, repairing, clcanfing, apd lighting, the fleets and lapes, in ,th$ city of Lffrefoed* apd fuburbs thereof, and recttpving nqifances and annoyances therein, ^and for creating a fund towards the expqoc$s thereof, by inclofing divers 2	wafle

Digitized by

AWSTATUTES.

?ffohfh fthfllbetties 'of the ftid city, and for'the t^^b^i^^money for fetting the poor people Of ftfe IM fcRy	and	to	enable	bodies	corporate	to	alie-

1	ticiiifirfrWkhr?n the faid city.

X?a^J J9.hF6rtWte ImptertiftPadduhiftratton of juftice in the

cafes of perfons queftioned for^any a&s done by them in the dtlbn^f^h^h^^dr fo^th^fitppreflion of



r riots and tumults, hi ’H^pTdvJhdb oCM^fathufeCs Boy, n\ New England.

'Oifpi-^o'- FbrtolVefflflgouf of the crown the plantation and bftat# cif Vfyjffit Fktrnaurief efqtiire, deceafed, and for veiling the ft&HiiJ*riiftee$^ to bd fold for payment of his debts, and fot crthfef pttfpdfes therein 'mentioned.

©ip. <41. Tw farther continuing fo moth of two alts, made in fhe tbrth^nd thirteenth.years of the reign of his prefent Ma-jefty,fus 'rtlates to the opening and eftablifhing certain free ports in the iflaftd of Jamaica.

Cap. 44. To prohioit the importation of light fil ver coin, of this realm, from foreign countries, into Great Britain or Ireland* andf toreftrain the tender thereof beyond a certain fam.

Cap. 43. for rebuilding the offices of the fix clerks of the King’s Court of chancery; and for erelting offices for the re-gifter and accountant general of the faid court, for the better -preferving the records, decries, orders, and books of account, kept in foch offices.	«

Cap. 44. To amend an a &, made fn the twenty-fepond ypar of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An alt for the more effectual preventing offrauds andabufes commit ted by perfons employed in the manufacture of bats, and the meoBen; Ibsen, fuflsem, cotton, iron, leather, fur, hemp, flax, mohair, and flli manufactures; and for preventing unlawful combinations ofjourneymen dyers apd journeymen hot prefers, and of all per-fists employed in the jaid feveral manufactures ; and for the better payment of their wages.

Cap. 45. For the better regulating the government of the t proririfleof Maffacbufefs Bay, in New England.	'

'Cspr/^fi. To enable the commiffioners for executing the office of treafujer of his Majefty's exchequer, or the ford high titafi^lr for thl^time being, to payout of the revenue of the crowHi certain rewards for apprehending highwaymen, and dffier Offentfeftln the county palatine of Durham«

Citf. 47. Tdhidemnify fuch perfons as have omitted to qualify tfcmfeWi^Tof offices and employments; and to mdemni-<y^metsW8^^§iee, or others, who have omitted to regifter define?^tff^fcfr ^Ualificatibns within the time limited by law, -Uftrfdlr' riSdi^f&Hher time for thofe purpofe9; and to indemni-yirAShfeh and* dfficersl, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whofe admiffions have been omitted to be (lamped ac-5jronSfltffo' «#• ^'ftavihg been (lamped, have been loft or aIlo*ta£fainMime to provide admiffions duly fafopW;Land fertile ftrrthcC time ta fuch perfons as have otnit-**• - nrl+.w	ted

11



Digitized by Google



/

A ¥Afctfc of STATtTFES.

fid to m:fke abdJil^iffitfavtWc^tfietd^^ clerks to attomies and folicitors.

1 Cap. 48. F6r re^uRting' ifrfbritateepM 4fcrek*iandfor prohibiting all fuch iniurances, except 3fcrieafe$ w^^tbepcrfon* ihVttrin§ ffiafllrtvi ift -mte^eft ih fhfe life or death df the ptiffefos infured. 1‘'' ^ ■ : 1 -	■’	“	<•—>;	■	■	■	i*	r	'•>••

■ Cap. 40. Fbrl^golatfng rtiadh^fe^. : ^	^

Cap. 50: Tb enable	rtittOHty*f

Sir Jchn Saint Aubjn baronet, to renew ahd grant leuto of lands, and to fril other lands, all‘at pfymtottb Dock* hr the county bf J>evoh? for the ufe of his Majefty, his heksahd Att^ ceflors,	1	*

Cap. 51. To confirm certain files and purehtfcs of eftaVe*,' made by the governors of the free grammar fchoof bf King f Award the Sixth, in Match sfieid, in the county of Cbiflfr\ tb enable them to make other fates* pUrtbtrfes, and exchanges ; and to improve and extend the benefits of the foundation of the &vA fchool.

Cap. 52, To enable the inhabitants Of Grofvenor Sfuare^ tn the county of Miidhfex, to pave, cleanfc, light, water* and embellifh the faid fquare 5 and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 53* Fo* making a navigable cut or canal, from the port or harbour of Bude, in the hundred of Strntteh\ in the county of Cornwall, to the river Scmrr, m the parifh of Caljiake, in the faid county.

Cap. 54. For the better providing fuitable quarters for offiOem $pd foldrers in his MajeRy’s fcrvice m North Jmerha.

Cap. 5j. For making commodious ways and pafliges with* in the pari(h of Saint Stephen, m the city of Briflol\ and fcren-farging the burying ground belonging to thefaid pariffi.

Cap. 56. For making and eftabliihing public quays or wharfc at Kingfion upon Hully for the better fecuring brs Mil jelly's revenues of cufioms, and for the benefit of commerce in the port of Kingfion upon Null; for making a btfoki or dock, With refcr-yoirs, lloices, roads, and other works, for the abcotomodtfion fcf veflels ufihg the faid port; and for appropriating certain lands belonging to bis Majetty, and for applying cenahiTurns of money out of his Majefty's cuftoms at the faid port for thofe purpofes ; and for eftablHhing other neceffady regulations within the town and port of Kingfion upon Hull 1	’	’

Cap. 57. To repeat fo much of an ad, made m the laft IfeT* fibn of parliament, for reducing ihto One aft the general Favrft relating to turnpike roads, as exempts perfons from th£ payment of tolls at fide gates qtdfcd at places fpebirfed tri sfoy 4a<ft of parliament.	-	v':

Cap. 58. For reitetfng an a£t, 'fnade ih vheTWl year of tilt reign of King fbe'fifth 5 ^nd fe the eftghfh,t^iltt)? -anf^Jtvtelty-thtrd ^	He^rjf ttt

6brtb; *s relate to rtfidtnfee of bttfon* to he Wtffed wem*

Digitized by C.ooQle

statutes,

«r flf tb* p*rfctm by. tybom. Ibey VOt

to be chofen.	,r	-

pf.priloncrs jn gaol, apd JWvwt/Pg fen&vA 4iA«o>ppr. ,	.	■	,	'	. ^ '. • , m

..£!«*> fcli &«}i«ie»iMfylng th?, jnnfceepers,and vifluallers within the hundred of Godley, in the county or , againft the penalties to which thpjrarc or may h$ liable, for felling a|e, SB/P*#WP^ liquocj, without proper licences, up-qapg&jn fipftihtww* w,,,	4 .	■■>

,HCm- (jjUr^o'Wpkin and amend two feveraj afts of parlia-«P«lti).fer «:«Aing tbo<P«Rk and wprkhoufes within the city, and county of the city of Exon, for the better employing ahft main faming, tho pppf there) and to raife furtherfums of mopey faf :	moterfalfeflwslJy carrying the purpofcs of the faid af&

iptO;exect^iop.	‘i

, Cap,.fc>.for better governing and emptying the popr, and aMkiog ^d .fQlleding the poor's rates, within the parilhes of Saint Giles in the	fields,and Saint George	in	the,

pounty pf	fldiddlefet^

Cap. b#. For building a bridge crofs the river at Qarlr ten, in the weft riding of the county of Tori.

Cap. 64. To explain fb much of an aft, made in the I aft fcflioa of,parliament, (intituled, Jn aB to regulate the importer tion	and exportation of torn), as relates to the method of afeer,-

ttinipgthc prices of cofn and grain exported.

Cap. 65. To alter and amend an aft, palled in the twenty-fifth 7*ar of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, (intituled. An	a& for annexing forfeited ejlates in

Scotland to the srown unalienably 3 and for making fatisfafiien Ut the laufftl ereditorf thereupon; and to flabltfb a method managing the fame, and applying the rents and profits thereof for the better anilafng and improving the highlands of Scotland, and preventing dijerders there for the future) 3 lo far as the fame relates to the granting Jeafes of the laid eltates.

Cap* 166. For the repeal of all former afts concerning the longitudes lea, except fo much thereof as relates to the aPr pphumeat Shd authority of the commiflioaecs thereby conlUtut-fed, land aho fuch claufes as relate to the.conftrufting, printing, 1 pujjUftting, pending, and licenftng, of nautical almanacks, nod iPthfr, ufefidtables 3 and lor the more efteftua) encouragement and reward fuch perfon and perfons as fliall difeover 4 ntethpd fpr,,(uulipg the fame, or Ihall make ufeful difeoveries in navigation 3 iar4/ot the better making experiments relating

tue the feveral laws .therein mentioned,

carry nee	s	provinces	;

gi CaroUap^d^ Gmi^dn m America, ,dire<21y,to any part of $ape finnifitrre'i for granting the lik^s 4ibct?y tp txp^-ficeTrpno So^th Carolina ana Georgia direfliy, tp anyteatt>W^nyrUa^; {9jthe fouthward of the laid provinces; for \granting the hke liberty in the exportation of rice from

a 4

and

Digitized by

Google

A ,TfApfcB[<)f ?bf UTA^WTTES.

and Wj^ Florida, find from apy$>aft of jfwrjm, rfoythWird ml South''Carolina and Georgia, s ,m l.hYd	’

- dip. 6$. To jj>rey$nt Traqdft jp ^ baying and Idlitig^f ho£te'. /	..	f t , ;, |. -); , \	hr1 i '/ ’ ij

Cap. 6g. Fq< rpifipg a ceiuin yum of Kumcyb* lo*n$ qt tx-Miet|6er bills, for* the fervkp of thc/jre^r one tho#taiid?ftvcii buhdr£d and ftventy-four. . f >*..

Cap. 70. For a applying a Certain foiq of money, for.cplttng in, and recoining, the deficient ^old.coin of thjchraalm t and fid* regulating the manner of receiving tb* Jjiroq at rtip bank OfEt*g-> land; and of taking, there, .an account of the deficiency Of the faid coin, and making fatisfaftioo for the fame;;and for author rlfing all perfons to cut and deface all gold coin, that (hall net be allowed to be current by his Majcfty proclamation.

Cap. 71. To prevent the exportation to foreign parte of utenfils made ufe of in the cotton, linen, woollen, and fiHc manufactures of this kingdom.

Cap. 72. For afeertaining the duty on printed, painted, flamed, or dyed fluffs, wholly made of cotton, and manufactured in Great Britain, and for allowing the ufe and wear thereof, pnder certain regulations.

Cap. 73. To extend fo much of an a&, pafled in the twelfth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, as relates to diflillers or makers of low wines and fpirits from corn, to every kind of diftillcr; and for the more effe&ual fecuring the revenue of ex-ctfe arifing from loyv wines and fpirits ; and for afeertaining the allowance to be made to the manufacturers of wool and linen, jnrefpe<5t of the duties on foap imported and ufed in the woollen and* linen manufactures.

Cap. 74. For reducing the rates and duties payable upon the importation of great raifins.

Cap. 75. For enlarging the prefent, or providing a new workhoufe, for the ufe of the parifh of Stint Saviour Southwark, and for regulating ihe poor in fuch workhoufe; for widening 'King Strut, at the entrance into the High Strut, Southwark, fee sinaking a carriage way from the faid High Street, through the Greyhound Inn,• into Queen Street, and for improving the paflTage from thence into Gravel Lane, leading towards the Blact Friars Bridge road, in the parifh of Cbrt/l Church*

Cap. 76. For redeeming the fum of one million of the capital flocks of three pounds per centum annuities, in tfie manner^ and oh the terms, therein mentioned ; and Cor eftablUhing a lottery.

Cap. 77. Fof the relief of infofyspt debtors 5 and for the relief of bankrupts ih certain cafes. ’	•	.r ./ ^ «.

Cap. 78. I* or the further ^nd better regulation of buildings, and party-walls* and for the, more^fFedtuflily^preventing tnif* chieft;by fife within the cities of* Londpn and Wiftneittfidf, :and thdTiberties thereof, and otner the, pa^fre*, prectii^fti, and plabes, WitKin the Weekly bills of mortality* t^e } p%riftit»*?of Saint Mdry^k-bon, Paddington, ‘Saint Pcmcras, and Saint Luke

’	a?

Digitized by CjOOQle

ATTAWlff&Wli Wk W-/E§.

* 'Gbelfidiaria for md$TnnWm&

under certain conditions, builders ad8 othel4 ncrtons fgaibu jho pepaltifed	6b tra^ne habfe rbr^erefting buildt

ings within the limits aforefaid contrary to J£wv -T '	>

/CHp^Ttp^	lilif ’	Ift, itiacfe ih the twelfth yea*

of tkelreigw^if ^Qed^^W,1 iriii tilted,^ An'aft fa reduce the rate of interejl^ without any prejudice to parliamentary fe cu*ities* i"Oq>.-^.c^Pa°(?6hfiifliel rti^TftVftaT laws therein mentioned, toit Wic bevifc?1 etttterif^fe^rdrtit ofthemaking pf file doth ii> ' fefiF1 during the dutjes upon foreign-made M doth^ tind^il^iffeWfen-made fails with a duty* €biKlfc}.f'Fdr; ftlre^n^aha amending an aft, made in tho fixtettstft jtti of hrswe Ma}<ffty*s reign, intituled. An aft t+ explain and^m'e^'t^ tOiidibkcbing the election of members tofervo for thiXOnM&ti?* fhhliomeht'fof that part of Great Britain called Scotland i'tifldtf refWam Hire partiality, and regulate the conductr of returning officers at fuch elections, by altering the time of notice, ordete* 6yVh¥ ftSd aft to be given, in the fervice of conv plaints to the cotrtt of feffion, of wrongs done in eleftions, and by tegdhvktg^ th« manner, and fettling the place, of eleftion of a burgefs to ferve in parliament for a diftrift of boroughs in Scotland, When tW elcftlon of the magiftrates and council of * boorowgh, which might in courfe to be the prefiding borough at an eleftibir, happens to be reduced, and made void, by a decree of the court of feffion, qnd not revived by the crown, wj>en fuch eledtioto it made.

Cap. 8l. For explaining and altering an aft, made in the thirteenth year if his prefent Majeft/s reign, intitpJed, An aft to explain and amende and reduce into one aft of parliament, the general taws how in bmg for regulating of turnpike roads in that , part of Great Britain called England, and for other purpofesyio far as the fame relates to the payment of additional tolls at' weighing>erigine$, and the number of horfes to be ufed in carriage* dratofl on turnpike roads; and for allowing certain exemptions srith refjpeft'to weight and payment of toll in particular CfcftSi 7	#	y

Cajk $3^ l^'mafcmg more ^ffeftual provifion for the govern-v * ment of fhe province ot/Quebec> in North America.	j

Cap. 8a. To prevent certain inconveniences that tpay happen i by bi#* tAWituraliirtlob]	l

tb his Majefty a certain fum of money gotfW<fhfeTib«ii^1fund'|lami for applying certain monies therein mentioned for the fervice of the year pne thoufand fe-ven horidred hrtd ftfihipfour; and for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feffion of parliament, for carrying to	rtioriby	which	hath	arifen	by	tho

two ifavesiihl^dlfe^1	enabling	the	barons	of	the	exche-

quer in StetfenitdmfcRS: tfufbcftiffcate fot the payment of the fuda of B^ hahdred ^brids tP lady Anne Mackenzie^ out of tlttbckbci 1 r^inttg" 6f ^fhe fum of fcvcnty-twQ thoufand ML	■	v.*’	■	*	'*	pounds.

Digitized by v^ooQle

A"T ABL B the: ST ATUTESi

pounds, granted far paying the creditors oftbe forfeited effete*

in.S&tland.	• r ^ '•> r.’«.	:i	*

Cap. 86. To continue feverallawsihereio mcotiqned, relate ing to the.allowing a drawback; of the dutiet upon theexpona-tion of copper' bars in^rted ^ toiheeb^deftine running ofun-cuftomed goods, and preventing frauds relating to the duftopfc; to the encouragement of the fdk manufa&tmeK arid ifer taking off feverai duties on merchandise xxported* and reducing other duties.; toprevent the clandeffim running ofgoods and the I danger of infedlian thcetby; £0 the prcaiiumsaipan maft%

| yards, and bowfprits, tar, pitch, and .sucpeatine; to? the cn-! couraging the growth of coffee tin his Majefly Vpbntettons in America^ to the frfce importation of cochineal andindico*. to the prohibiting the importation of book* reprinted abroad, and firft compofed, written, and printed in Gnafi Briidu\ to die bounty on the exportation of BraOjSNfnade cordage; to the-free I importation of certain raw hides and fkins from Ireland* and the [ Brilijb plantations in America; to the regulating the fees of offi-: cers of the cuffoms, and naval officers in America* to the preventing the fpreading of the contagious diforder among the horned cattle in Grot Britain j and to extend the provifions of an ad *f the twelfth year of die reign of £!bg George the Firft, for the improvement of his Majefty’s revenues of cuftoms, excife, and inland duties, fo far as ifelates to the commencing profecution*

. for penalties raunft the revenue of cuftoms to fubfequent ads. Cap. 87. To prevent the. mifehiefs that a rife from driving cattle within the cities of London and fVeftminfttr* and liberties thereof, and-the bills of mortality.

Cap.* 88 To eftablifh tffund towards further defraying the / charges of the adminiftration of juftice, and fupport of the civil government within the province of Quebec* in America.

1 Cap. 89. To enable his Majefty to allow the adminiftrator with the will annexed, or other the perfonal representative, of Sir ■%ofeph JetyU. knight, deceafcd, to fell ten thoufand pounds fouth fea flock, part of a legacy given by. him to the ufe of the finking fund, and to receive the dividends due thereon, as alfo go ten thoufand pounds Eefl Indbq flock* and for applying the lame as therein is mentioned*

Cap. .9a For the better regulation of the nightly watch and beadles within the city and liberty of Hfefiminfter^ and parts ad* jacent; and Sot other purpofes therein mentioned*

Cap. 9a. Morexffettually to improve and complete the na» vigttion of the river Thames* weftward of London Bridge* within the liberties of the city of London* and to prevent any vcflel or baige from being moored inTapkw MUl-Jhtam* in the county of Buclu	,	■

. Capi. 92. For regulating and afeeftaining the weights to btf • made ufo of m weighing the goM. and fiKcr com of this kiugt item.. .■ •	.	>	■	.	O'	f	'	.	1..	1	f,.	„|

Cap, 934 Fonrebuiling thc dinKhofthcpaolhofXrtt/^ ip the county of Kent*	)

. ;	Cap.	94,

Digitized by v^oogle

A TWB£ET>£tbe;SiT5FITUTES&

* Gap. I94!:- Faar rilabSftiiwp^at; ticim chureb oc bhapefejefting-it ToxtetbPark, in the parifh pf	near	Liverpool, in

thecourtly palatine oEnfidiiayW-.'.ci? < ' •"■■ J '". o i '	,

Capt'^5.:For reboiJdingithe pariflr chut dr of Batterfea, in the cmotyof i&trryjylaud tod enlarging'tiwchujchryard of doc*

f«i«hjB»Uh4ibuTt^fH?..l-’i dutcd <•	•.;	Imr	>

Cipi 96. ‘To araewdanraftj palled in the tewb and eleventh' years of the 1 heigh of Kiilg>W/iliom>‘lhe Thirds intituled^' An>dGh for lit making andciteping navigable1 the rivirs - of 'Axe emiiZti-<kr,m tbeoeunty	xofYoiR ^hnd for wtfrov'ing.dte navigation «f

thefaid river 'Aurti,- from Wetland to the rivet;	and

mskingalnivigable cwnal from the faid river Aire, at ot near AMifi^ to^he rivcr Ows/, at the G/d Brick Garth, at Gnshe Gate £w^-iei thin'the toVmfhip of St Idly, in the faid county f aw) for other purposes.

Cap. 1971 To-Continue, amend, and render more effeftusl m ad, owde in the feth year of the reign of bis prefeat Majefty* for repairing the retd from tie turnpike at Tunbridge Wells, in the react j of Kent, te Ringlet Grafs, near Uckfield, in the ofSsflex.

Cap. 98. To enlarge the term and powers of an aft, made m the thirty-fecond year of his late Majefly, for repairing and widening the high road from Wbet to Grcffmgtm, ini the county of Tenh Cop, 99. For enlarging the term and powers of an ad, made in the twenty-e ghth year ef bis late Majefty, ftr repairing and wining the roads from the town Manohefter to the train ef Rochdale, and from a plate called. The White Smithy, intaa tomfiip ofCrumpfel, to the town of Harp, and from a place tal-ki Bedes of the Barn to Rotcbfie’s Bridge, in she county c/Lancafter j and for impowering the truftces under the hud aft to repair a lane called ShrepfeotLane, in the faid county:

Cap., too. -For enlarging the term and powers of an aft, paf-(edia the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his hoe majefiy King Gnu doe Second,' for repairing and widening the roads from Hetqhdr*	Smithy,'upon Cranage	, through -the town of'

Nether Rtetfsford, and ,by the fouth guidepoft in Mere, and Btiiilow Hilltto the town of Altrintbam in the county palatine of Chi/lt*', end from the fan) -guide poft to Warrington, in the cooatj ttf LonaiJter^- and from Bucklotu Hill oforefaid, to Patti tj’t Lone, near	Nertbwuhfm	the ^Chefttr.

Cap; t&iu For repairing and widening frveral roads near the toatat of Hocketton^ Kirklingien,	Normanton,	tad

WmBrntno, in the counw of phttingham.

Cap. tafea1 To'eafergtt'wc terpu and powers of two.afts, made in the twenty-fixth and twenty-feventh years of the reign of his htetnajdfty King George the Second, for repairingfcveral roads IcydinghMdtbeoky^ri G/^nUk 4b fir ssthe fame relate to the md leading from the faid city of Glafgew, through Cawtaddeni, te th» >^an hfrwhtee *6 Mabmt,called <Tbe MNnford ef porftiff.	'"	■s’a . . . .	-j

■ ■ 1	Cap.	103,

Digitized by

Google

ffi t'Am&e! «te WfcWrfest-

'Cip. lOi. Fir exttKiHIng'a^aKSiidW jfl'M.WjilfW'tht

bells*} and paft of1 another aflfj* tffodd inihe1 Sgrvm prefcnf Majdftyi' for	fHL

andfor repah^ng; Widening, andedWfgmg, ^ne oJ(#BTOyia'(^fs the'river bfChde, ‘from the <%	ttlbfertf

Ckr*btlh.;u **• r.-i-M-) .in AjrJ

Cap'* 'ic4'. TV^hlarge fhe fcHti and ^pWtfers1 bf iWl40(, tea<fe in the 'twenty-eighth yeaf 6f:tlfc 'feign ofVkt Bioohd, for repairing and Wideningthe'fbaif TrtiM through Wcrtin, - Overion, Whitchurrh^ Hajhtnd Priory, Anamr) and Middle Wallop, in the county of Southampton, i6 a place called Lobcomb Corner, in the parifh bf Wintirflow, in the County of Wilts* for including the road from Spittle Houft, bVer fFifbill, to Mullens Pond, as directed by an a£t, made in the tWeijty-fiinth year of his faid Majefty; and for amending the rbads from Andover^ through Charlton, towards Tangley, and frothCbbrltcs to Clanfield Bottom, and from Weyhill to Sarfon Street, alhd aifo the road through the faid town of Bafmgftbke.

Cap. 105. To continue the terms of two ads, made In the twenty-fixth and twenty-feventh years of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, for repairing fcveral roads leading into the city of Glafgow\ fo far as the fame relate to the toads from the city of Glafgow, to Yoeker Bridge, to Renfrew Bridge, to the Three Mile Houfe, to the town of Airdrie, ani Yfbm the village of Gorbells to The Chapel of Cambujlang, in th^ <bunties of Lanerk and Renfrew.	I

- Cap. 106. For recovering, improving, and maintaining, the navigation of the haven o1 Hedon, in Holdernejfe, in the caft riding of,the county of 7*rf.

“ Cap. 107. For oraining and prefervihg the low gtdbnds and ram, withih the parilhes, townfhrps, and places of Wtnefitoiy Pattrington, Sputh Frodingham, Hollym, Rimfwell, Owthbrne other-wife Seat home. Wither hjea. Ingland Hill, and Walter fields, in fioUerrieJfe, in the eaft tiding of the1 county of York* : i Cap. roS; Fbr the better governing and employing fhe’^oor, andmakingand collecting the poO^s rates, within the j^arifh^ of Saint Giles in the Fields* and Saint George Bhomfbury, id the county Of Middlefex.	‘	• * u v

" Cap. 109. To enlarge the tertn of "an i&, mad£Jfe^he feVenth year of the reign of his ptdfent Nfajtfty,: ^^paiifng and widening fcveral roads, leading from the1 townbf and other roads therein mentioned, in thfc county ofIj^|tlh<l fbr repairing and widening Certain other rtad* witmtt the £ud county of Ayr.	(Ji

Cap. 110. To enlarge the term and powers of am ait, faffed in the thirty-thitd v£at of the reign of his Tate taajHty RiiuL Georgethe Second, for repdiring and nttdtnirig tfy higbrbodsfry^ Hinckley to Woeful Bridge; and -atpr* froth Hoo*a(h Lane* I

Digitized by

Google

the txmrvrv*-

fmtfieneeta,N^bo\srne $Dp»fp°hii ffouffpftpck /o^ea* %:»	W	Derki	jnxj	iqr.	repairing

wj)Wicfening the,rcpd front P^tj.s IJaufiym the, liberty,<* W%j}°{0(fa'£*\ dfyjeyjp, the.Jiberty of	and.alfa

%r^fl n,otp Aft^njfulge rpad ai Stuaafite^fm,,,^lQqg Burton’s r‘ -■-•-•	~	^he	toad fcpm,the, toll-gate,hi

■jUM/lltfiwl AJhby-dt-l(trXfUck^r^p\'dO fOpflS,, . o enlarge the ierm and powers of fo much of an aff-flf Mfljafn^ip^ n^adp mpd pafled ip tbe,t^onty-nimh yean of tie re^n^ithw^ate njpjelfy King George the Second, for repair li^ W^idewnS/«»«*! roads therein mentioned, front the town od TevAuJ^ury,in the county.of	, as relate* tq the

kon4d$ridt of roads therein mentioned; and'to amend the rojrf frofp	churc|h to the turnpike road fro

to Glepc^let, pear a place called Comb End , in the, faid <xmvf,oif(flmejkrr	.	.-	.	\	♦»

Gap^n2r. For continuing, altering, and amending an a£t„ made and pafled in the twenty-fixth year of his late tnajefty lurttG/orge the Second, intituled. An e£i Jtr repairing and widen* ing Jtveral reads leading	from the town of Bewdly, in	the of

Worceflcr,. to the feveral places therein mentioned, in the counties of Worctfter and Salop refpedlively.	.

Capw 11.3. For enlarging the term and powers of an adt, made in the twenty-feventh year of King George. the Second, for repairing and widening the road from the borough of to and by the. north fide of the town of	, in the	county

W	Rutland,and	to IVantford,in the county of Northampton^

rand from thence to Peterborough, -in the kid county of North, <qpf«f,;,.and for repairing the road from the termination of the hid (Oad at Peterborough to the market place there.	•	.-A

Cap. 114. For enlarging the term and powers of fo much of to ad? made in the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Ma-jtfty, as«latea to; the road from the town of Rotherham, in thp county of Tori, to the turnpike road at the eaft end of Tankerflep Perk, inthekid county.	.	v

Cap. 115. To enlarge the term and powers of an ad,, made in [he.trrcnty-fecpnd; ycarof his late majefiy .King George the SocaiW^/or repaying the-road from North Shields mthei county diNpgthttmberhn^,the>town>of Netocaft.lt upon .	r

Cap. 116. For impowering the truftees for repairing the rqad from^hetope's,esndr, in ftpipt -Leonard Shoreditch, to .the furrber-| ^-napnh thenq^pthr®^* in the parifh of	in	the

intyipf$Bd4Uf*JCt 49^1 fe pjyrt. of the kid rpad to be lighted* IP?	for	lighting, watching, find water,

PPWV hfs.Jiaintyfttfirg^tekf Nevuingtan, \o the , kid

' -\ ' r,

w>4 powers of an ad, pafled >f^h«p PfefMitJVlajefty, for repairing,and widen-t Beverley to. the; ferry at	from tha

fe> tfcegjaifet pit at Cettiogftami rta. the county

®f

Digitized by Google

mvm

A mAWr/E 'crf thfe

-	*wd*hiftg'other	roads	thefeia

«tttt(ib<t*tt.	*-■»-	'*'■	>	r*dbr.; ,	*	*--

*43*p, xi&Jltor'camtaum^heab^^ fanlAttd tty snaftd, paAd in the ortertty^lfcbrh year of his law Wajefty •$ reigh, for repairing the rtod front1 the nottb end ef Browtra Lanc,*¥Great Stoughton, de tf* ror/A^ b/ Huntingdon* ufcrie#* Kimbolroo and HigbamFerfers, to the wapptfl nut Wellingborough Bridge, in the county ^Northampton,fmifrm 4b* pound in KimboJloro to the way-ptjl it* 'Great Gatworfh Field, near Brington Bridge,' it* the fetid county ef Huntingdon ^ahdfor repealing ft> much of an a& of the ientfa year of hi? pr^fcfit Ma-jeffy’s reign as relates to the road between the north end of Broton’s Lane and the fouth end thereof.

PRIVATE A C T $.

!, ANafl for dividing and inclofing the open fields, common

A paftures, and other unindofed grounds, witbm the manor and townfhip of Swinton, in the parish of Appleton m tbt Street, in the north riding of the county of York.

t. Anad for dividing and inclofing the opes and common* able fields, within the parifh of Duddington, m the county of Northampton.

-* 3* An ad for dividing and inclofing the common and open fields, maftes, and common grounds, within the townfhip wi liberty of Ibftock, m the county of Leicejkr.

^ 4. An ad for dividing and indofing the common meadows, commons, and wafte lands, within the manor and pari(h of Severn Stoke, ih the county of Worcejler*

' 5. An ad for dividing and kiciofipg the open and common fields and downs, within the parifh of Abbot't Arm, in the county of Southampton.

6.	An ad for dividing and inclofing federal common fields, grounds, and paftures, within the parifh of Ovtmky, in the coon* ty of Lincoln.

7.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open field, land, or Aimed pafturc, common, and wafte grounds, within the manor of Butter ten, in the parifh of Mayfield, in die county of Steffifi.

fi. An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and* common fields, lot ground*, and commonable lands, within the parifh of Staunton, in the county of Glouce/kr.

q. An ad for dividing' and inclofing certain open arable fields, meadows, and dinted common patterns, in the parifh ef #$f Jtotferd,vn the county of Nottingham.	>	^

10. An ad to enable Thames Purnell Jones efquire, and bit ifiuc, to take and ufe the fornaone and arms of Purnell.

ix. An ad for naturalizing Samuel Rapillard and Abraham Delaplerre.

12.	An ad for naturalizing Louis de Saumaiize.

13.	An ad for naturalizing Peter Van Ytemhorn.

14.	An *d for naturalizing Theodore George Glejehmatt.

IS.	An

Digitized by v^ooQle

i	(to

** A^oft feflftatufjKfatag fi«r«£bri#tpb&Degen, . J V 16. An aft to enable truftees, with the confent of the perfon* claiming unduly tbhi	i>(rMer}\Fryce fp'tnfter, deceafed, cut

d&jvn ahd fell thft!(ImbeTjUpon' the fettled eftates of the faid MV7 Pne*> i». the OcotJtwy Of	J	and	to	inweft the

monies anflog therefrotn to .thepurchafeof lands and hereditar meats tA.be fettled to the hfes.of the faid will; and for other purpofi^.,,ft! :‘i'!	.■

• i7j. Anaft forveftlng certain eftates in. the county of Devon, UtnofThtnuss^BeafoOi^wit,- deceafed, in truftees, to be fold* to raife tnopeyn to be,applied under the direction of the court of exchequer, in ^payment of certain legacies affcfting the fame eftates.	-	.	"

18.	An ad for veiling the eftate late of William Watts efquire, called South Hilly or Ftjhcr’s Lodge,in the county of Berks, in truftees, to fell the feme£ and to lay out the money arifing by fuch Calo jit the,purchase of another eftate, to be fettled to the ufies of ;hi* wifi.

19.	Ah aft foe dividing and indofing the common fields* half-year lands, common paftures, common meadows, lamina* mcadpws: commons commonable lands heaths, and wafte grounds, within the parilb' of Tottiagten, in the county of Norfolk.

20.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and indofing the open and

common fields, crofts, brecks, and other half-year clofes, in the pariihes of Beetle}, Great Bittering, and	,	in	the	county

ef Norfolk, within the liberty of	,	called	Beetle}

walk-, and for dividing, allotting, and indofing, certain commons arid wafte lands, within the faid parilh of Beetle}.

21.	Ao, aft for enabling the right honourable John earl Spencer to indofe the feveral open and common fields in the parilh of Dsn ten, in the county of Bucks; and for veiling certain glebe lands, and the tithes belonging to the reftory of Dunten afore-fod>yin the faid John earl Sfewer; and for making a cotopenfa-tion to the reftor of the faid parilh in lieu thereof.

22.	An. aft for dividing and incloling the openT&eldt, meadow* paftufC* and ail. other commonable, .grounds, within the eanorof Ratcliff upon. Wreak, in the county of Leictfier.

23* AO aft lor dividing .and indofing certain open common folds pafiores, and .wafte, grounds, called Crofted} Field, and Aft Head, within the parilh or Crofredy, m the county of Oxford. .

24* An aft-ipr dividing and indofing certain open and com-Jwo fields*; common meadows, common grounds, and com-pnonable places, in the parilh of	* in the couoty of

25. Au aft for dividing, allotting, and indofing, the open foUs* waftes, aod commonable-places, of. Hwkleftote and Don-

tdnponon the Heath, in the parilh of Ibjlock, in the county of Ajeiutfier.

I 26. An aft for dividing and indofing the commons and wafte "grounds within the manor or lordftup of. O/waldiwiJle, in the 1 .	parilh

Digitized by LjOOQle

A TA«Li oFtW.9TAttj/rE&.

parifhof WbaiiffSin thecoutitf p«kt^c£ i>?wt*%TV • '

27.	An aft ftr dividing tad j*ck>Gf£ all the ] open fields* meadows, paftures, tnd eoaiatondbic^toands, within the

(hip or liberty of Sutton Saint Anrii, otherwife £*//** Bomnietg-f*ny commonly caifcd Stunt AMs End? in th*cernnty of J\£/-tingbam.	«	,	^	.

28.	Art aft for dividing and inclofing fevoral piece**#*! P^*

cel$ of land, called Bijbop's ltchingtom Heath* Cbriftmi JdiM> J?4£-aw’j Furze 1 The Qlt* and commonable places, within *bc paqdb of Bi/bop's ItcbingtonZ in the county of Warwick* ;	A

29.	An aft for dividing and inclofing certain, opcovqoTOay

fields, meadows, ings, and other commonable	^nd wall*

grounds, within the parilh of /iPSyf JEw/, in the co>u*t^ of Lincoln- ,

30.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the common pafture or walte ground, called Cournot*y and fuch part of the common pafture or wafte ground, called Radley^ as lies within the didrifts of Southwell and Wejlhorpe* in the parifh of Southwell* in the county of Nottingham.

31.	An aft for dividing and inclofing certain common fields, common meadows, paftures, and other commonable lands, within the parifh of Old Stratford* otherwife Stratford upon Awn* in the county of Warwick.

32.	An aft for dividing and inclofing certain commons aod wane grounds, called Newthorpe Great Common and Begerley Common, in the parifh of Greaflejy in the county of Nottingham.

33.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common paftures, common meadows, and other com-monable lands, of and within the parity and liberties of Stover-ton* in the county of Northampton.

34.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open and comcxion fields, and other commonable lands, in the parifh of Halford* and county of Warwick.

35.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the common and open fields, meadows, paftures, heath, and wafte grounds, within tho manor and parifh of Wihford, otherwife Wileoford%m the county of Lincoln.

36.	An aft to diflolve the marriage of Richard fLeatfay, with Arabella Dawfon* his now wife j and to enable him to marry again ; and for other purpofes therein mentioned,

37.	An aft to enable Thomas Afsbeton efquire, and his fons;r and the heirs male of their bodies, to take and ufe the (virjay^um of Smitby purfuant to the will of William Smith cfquire^ deceased.

38.	An aft to enable the honourable Henrietta Chariot(e^ Keck

fpinfter, and her iflue, to take} ufe, and bear* the furname and ?rms of Tracy % purfuant to the will of Robert Txctty deceafed.	,

39.	An aft for naturaliding Nicholas Joachim Ha/tJeler and John Erich.

40.	An aft for naturalising JaeobJJulien Baumgartner.

4L. An aft for confirmmg an agreement between William erne!

. erf

Digitized by v^.ooQle

A T A i L E T)f the S? A T iJiTE $

of wr add tbwprcfij— aid febews of ^neon'sCeUtge br'tifcfi Wttfcfr efcchangeofthe advowi&n	, in the

cdMttjktffat the^advoedfan of fircat	in	the

crtntafSPMr*

Ari-'ift for verting in ^Ww ear) of Bratdafotaa, end hi» heirs, in fee-fimple, certain lands, part of hie entailed ertate, in, tiMu&tihlfmf* Argyll; and for fettling, in hen thereof, other ItnJs- lylhg -Ootanguotn to, and ioterfperfed with, the (hid etv*. tnSSdftwv'

43.	An a €k for esmbliftgtbe dean end chapter of Canterinryf HHir¥-Pt*hUKe6iwn, mmt Tiotn&s-Brandon,'. t9 grant building

to two fescral agreements entered into for theft pufofe.	'	•

44.	An art to fubjert and charge the rertory and parfonage hripfapfiitti'Of fanning Otfcarwifo Settynge, in thecounties of Berks arid OMitf 4nd the manor, lands, tithes, and hereditaments, tterhUtw bdottgmg, with the payment of three feveral jperpe-tail pearly'r««*t charms, or annual payments, to dortor Thomas Gnat and his fucceffors, deans of Sarum; arid for diverting the fee-ltopferind inheritance of the faid premises out of him and hbfccceflersj and for verting the fame, fo charged, in himtr eftjuire, bis heirs and affigns.

45.	An adl for verting part of the freehold and leasehold tflateS,' dcvrftd by the.dttU of fjfobn Mstford efqtslre, deceafed, in troftecs, tofell the fame, fbr difehafging incumbrances, and far laying out the refidue of the money arifing by faje in the pur* chad; of other lands and hereditaments, to be fettled in lien

| thereof, to the like ufes.

46.	An art for Vertirig part of the fettled ertates of

Filler, and	Levina DoVcyFafter, his wife, in HtUistgbam and

Jim SieOford, in the county of Lincoln, in the iaid William Pfttr,' in fee-Cripple j and for fettling other.ertates.of the fidd frilHam	Ftfttr, in Aldtrchurcb, other wife Aigtrkirke, in the laid

county, of greater value, in lien thereof.

4* An art for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the common fews, common meadows, and warte artd commonable lands, within the parirti of Uptm	Sntdfbwry, in the county of .

^8* An art lor dividing and inclofing feveral open fields, area-d»wt,vpaftures, and commons, within the parirti of Sptidlingttn, in the county of Lincoln.

ty. Assort for dividing rind inclofing certain open fields and IfcritdifSsl' rtinted common paftures, and free commons, in the priribof 'Hwpbam, in the county of

;• Ijril A« art for dividing and inclofing the open fields, mea-'doMptammon psftutws, and warte grounds, in the manor and penfh of iMdhnugh, m the county of Lincoln.

, 51. Ao art for dividing and inclofing the open and common ' fcidSj JBBridows, partuses,Vfens, heath, and waft* lands, within the parifh of	Pottorbanwortb, in the county	of	.

. w. An artfef dtwidingaod indofing feveral fields, coaptpons, snriwsAe lands^in whs manor ef the foreign afj&ddonnin/kr, in

VoIhXXX,	£	thn

A TABLE <$the STAttfTES.

the parifti of Kidderminfer. In the County of IVorceJfer.

53.	An aft for dividing afid inclofing the open common fields, meadows, paftures, and other common lands, within the hamlets of Twyford and Char don y in the parifh of Tpuyfor^ in the county ofBuikinghd'mi ' v

54.	An aft to amend an aft, parted in the tenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for dividing and in-eloftng fuch of the open parts of,the diflrift called tht forejl of Kna’tef-borough, in the county of York, as lie within the eleven tonjlableries thereof; end for other purpofes therein mentioned.

55.	An act for dividing and inclofing the open arable fields, meadows, paftures, commons, and wafte grounds, in the parifh of JVroot, in the county of Lincoln.

56.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the common fieHs, watte grounds, and commonable lands, within the parifh of FoleJhiUy in the county of the city of Coventry.

57.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the common and open fields, meadows, and commonable lands, in the parifh of IVar-mington^in the county of Northampton.

58.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the common fields, half-year inclofures, lammas meadows, brecks, heaths, warrens, commons, and wafte lands, within the parifh of Weet-tng, ifi the county of Norfolk.

59.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the old whole year lands, common fields, half*year inclofures, lamtaas meadows, hearht, commons, and wafte lands, within the parifh' of Barton, otherwife Barton Bendijb, or Eajlmore, in the county of Norfolk.

- bo. An aft for naturalizing Gufav. Nicolaus Eggers•

61.	An aft fornaturalizing John Evertb.

62.	An aft fomaturalizing captain David Francis de Bezancenet.

' 63. An aft for naturalizing Chriftian Frederick EJberger.

64. An aft for vefting the fettled eftates of Francis CreuzSand Sarah his wife, in the county of kVorceJlery in truftees to be fold; and for layingout the money arifing hy fuch (ale in the purchaft of other lands, to be fettled to the fame ufesu

6c. An aft for fale of the freehold and copyhold eftites, late of john TVilfon efquire, deceafed, fituate in the county of Surrey; and for laying out the money to arife by fuch fale for the benefit of John IViljony an infant, his eldeft foa and heir it law.

! 66. An aft for vefting part of the eftates late of George Palmes efquire, deceafed, in the Jordfhip or townftup of Nabourny other-wife Naburn, in the eaft riding of the county pf York, in truftees, to be fold ; and to apply th^ monies thereby arifing in payment of the debts of the faid George Palmes, deceafed; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

67. An aft to enable the vicar of the parifh churth of Saint Nicholas, in ‘the tpwn and county' of the town of Newcdjlle tibon Tyne, to demrfe or leafe part pf the land belonging to the laid .vicarage fo l&illiam Lowes efquite, For the purpofes* and upon the conditions, in fuch leafe to be mentioned.

68. Aq

Digitized by Google

^-T^jB^Ejqf g* STATUTES.

68. Ar\ a$	dividingc^ndf^|ofing certain Opca andom-

mon	<fown	lands, and other commonable

places, mthp^rifo ftf^tcotfdfe% otherwife Tidcome, in the county dtfy'TTtj. .	^	.^"‘J ,. ,Jt ’,	,

f>g. 'Ari aft for dwi&rig ancf inclofing the feveral open fields, '	noinclofed	gifoun^is,	within	the

foe qaft riding of the county of Yorkj

me

tpwqt

MR^

\itUn, in tjl

apd f^tnafcing ^<^mpen|ation in lieu of the tithes of all the faid townfiijp, and or the townlhip of Nefaid> in the parilh of Bunion aforefaid.

70- A]X aft for dividing and inclofing feveral open and common fiefo?, and common meadows, within the hamlet or chapelry of Defford, in the county of IVorccJler \ and for draining and levelling, and aho for regulating the (locking with cattle, a certain common called Defford Common.

71.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open unindofed fields, and parcels of land, within the manor and parifh of Carton, in thp call riding of the county of York.

72.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open arable fields, meadows, padures, commons, and wade grounds, in the parilh of Jfinningley* in the counties of Nottingham and York.

73.	Ari aft for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, meadows, commonable lands, and commons, within the manor, parilh, and liberties of Ellington, in the county of Huntingdon.

74.	An aft for inclofing the open and common fields, and common and wade grounds, within the parilh of Potton9 in the county of Bedford.

75.	An aft for dividing snd inclofing the open and common fields, meadows, and common grounds, within the parilh of H$rring?vor(h9 in the county of Northampton.

76.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, and common and wade grounds, uA alfo a dinted or common padure, called The Cow Common, within the manor and parilh of Stoke Hammond\ in the epunty ofEucki.

. 77*, An aft for dividing and inclofing the open and common fiefcU, amd common downs, in the tithings of Milton LUburne9-Milton Abb&tty	Milton Havering, in the parilh of Milton, in

the county of Wilts*

7& An aft for dividing and inclofing the open and common ficifa, meadows, padures, and other commonable lands and gOHiadf,	and. belonging to the chapelry or townlhip of

& tbs ’county of Worcejler.

-A^ri ^ for dividing and inclofing, the fcveral open arable fields, and other unindofed grounds, within the townlhip of

ofthecoumyof York.

*0. Afi acjfc fot; dfy;wn^ plotting, apd inclofing the; open and --	*	1	cquimonaple	lands	and	commons,

imp, parilh, and liberties of EaJlon> in the

*•	81. An

couhty of Huniflig

Digitized by CjOOQle

. A t XfeflM'o? t^'SltATLPTBS.

Sr. An aft forifteHiffeifr fe^*€^ «wwrioa fields, common paftures, ings, com<rtbn5j yafillr^riio lands *rtd grounds,1 wUhm	tifAiddbe1 tihd HAdgatt, in

the county^btrs f?— n, :rr.

> 8i. AH ift1 forr Hi vidftfe WlncfoBH^tfo *p&mktovm*6n fields, hills, meadow, paftures, Jot grounds, and commonable lands, within tf& parnh 6f Oxeitiofu iH^h£tf§9ri*y &iGU*uefl&.

83. Atf aft td explain and *meMfW*®lnraladd tt* Ate tWh year of his preferit wJjefty’s rei^ri," ft#ahd^hWtofin£ the oped common fields, common paftbhes, and other able lands and grounds, within the parifh of Sakit County of Huntingdon; and for regdlkfirfg the ufa^e am (locking of divers commonable lands' $nd commons tyithitithe Aid parifh.	-	-	,	,	t

8^. An aft to enable John Miiows the ilder* gentleman, and his iflue male, to take, qfe, and bear, rttt? ftirfiattdahd arms of Theobald, purfuant to the will of Elizabeth Theobald, trido*^ deceafed.	.	'

85.	An aft for naturalizing Paul^Burnand. ’	1

86.	An aft for naturalizing Luiet Hbffham ztAHkhelm Han»s

87.	An aft for naturalizing Vi&or Bufigny.

88.	An aft for vefting the eftate of the honourableWilliam

Hanger, fituate in the countyof Kent, entailed by the wiH of the right honourable Gabriel lord Coleraine, in the kingdom of Ireland, deceafed, in truftees, to be fold ; and for applying the thcw nies arifing by fuch fale in the purchafe of other lands and hereditaments, to be fettled to the fame ufes.	*	-

89.	An aft for vefting one moiety of the bridge built crofs Stonehoufe Creek, near Plymouth Dock, in the county of Devon, in truftees, in truft, to raife a moiety of the expence$ of building the fame; and alfo for enabling certain perfons to gram building and other leafes, during the minority of fir John Saint Aubyn barpnet, of the refpeftive eftates devifed to him by the wiHfc of his Gather and fir IVilliam Morice baronet, deceafed 5 and Jikewilti for vefting certain houfes in Mxddkfex and London in truftees, in truft to fell the fame. ,

90.	An aft for vefting the manor of Therngumbald, and. cer-

tain mefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in Tborh~ gumbald and Paul, or one of thefn, in Hdldernefs, in the e*aft riding of the county of York, late the eftate of T^hmas >Getefouire^ deceafed, in truftees, to be fold ; and for applying part of the monies thereby arifing ir\ difehafging the ineumbrtndesaffeft-ing the fame eftate; and for laying out the refidoc in the pur-chafe of other lands and hereditaments, to be fettkd to the fame ufes.	‘	'

91.	An aft to enable Walter Swtjrb efqufte, to tmke and efta-. blim an exchange pf the manor of BinJcetoi, Uttd wtain lands* tenements, attg)hereditaments,’ in thi partihi)fBinderJox<, in the County of Snjfexs for Other faht&and her edua meat* she fame county, beionging to fir James Peachey baronet. -vm ,1

92.	An a:tfur dividing and inclafing the open awl common

thcSTAjT^jE^

ap^wftp grpuatty^ inthepyUhpf Tub-

Qyjtyyifi for dividing j^.intfptog, tflp , common fields, common ing>, mefnc inclofurts, commons, dr yvafte grounds, mtoh ttapuri&jtf, i‘>, tf* winding qf the county

iiMfiftSi w• ,.' •., .■

lift to *& <dfn»t|iP9««ripg the rood noble Wifiom (duke^oF Bmi/iWi te roftofeafes of mines nod qbarries, within the dtaw.tetf riWebard eari, ttf Burlington and £a/vfe,deceafed, in, tktoountyef •fliri, 1C), yfc to#<S^f»uVfdjng amefiuaee and lands, called. Ea/l Leach. tie fettled eftate of the right honourable rui Henry lord Chedwortb, in the county of	,)	in

Dto*vjfttvoftt.to feli aud convey the fame, purfuant to an agreement for that purpofe; and for laying out the money arif-iag byfech.fele in the. purchafe of other lands, to be fettled to the like ufes.

97. An ad to enable fir Edward Swinburne baronet, to charge ctnam moors and wafte lands, within the parifhes of and Simonburnt,in the county of	’, or either	of

them* late the eftate of fir John Swinburne baronet, deceaied, to he fhall- have cultivated and improved the fame in the manner thereinmentioned. yd. An »<a.fpr vefting divers freehold eftates, late of Robert Wtrefquire, deceafed, in truftees, to be fold, to raife money, to be applied, under the direction of the court of chancery, in paymeot of the debts, legacies, and charges, charged upon and ucfting tfee fame ; and for other the purpofes therein men-uooed. it...

99.	An a& for impowering the judges of the court of feflion in Scotland to fell the whole, or luch parts and portions, of the toe and barony of Kinrefs, in the county of Kinrojs, belonging ts Janet Brute Certain efquire, as (hall be fufficient for pay-, meatof.the>debts affecting the fame; and for fettling the re* winder of the faid eftate and barony, in tail, on the feme per* (mvaitd.to.the.fenae ufes and purpofes, as mentioned in a deed of mtail mtde.: by .fir tViUiam Bruce baronet, bearing date the fcrtrtftfh *n*y, of February, in the year one thoufend fix hundred and.<ighty,-!tbxee.

100.	to a# W tenable certain truftees therein named to raife

atoyr by dakofeertaife eftates of John Smith, and James Smith hkJfcninithe/cityi	^Coventry, and county of the	fame city, for

tfe payment, of jdebt$, and incumbrances, and ether purpofes therein exprefted..

Kit .Anted for amending and rendering effeduai the powers of Utand-rovbottieoiof. ufes^<centainpd in tb* marriage^rticles aid feukmdnt\ #f1 RMoe<( Stent	ffk and, ■yftffla.his wife, of

tormefluagear)lstos»iand:.hcmdiitameate,. ifrfpe county of Yuri,therein compaifed/ v,'•	■ . - v	^ ..

joa- Aftatifoe phabhng tind impowering truftees tp accept,

grant,’

A TABLE of the ST^XXT^ES.

grant, and make, building and other leafes, coatrafts, and agreements, of certain mefliiages, lands, and jirefofft£, late of iPilTiam Baker efquire, deceifed, dbting the minority of his fon* Ptfer William Baktr, an infant; ^and alfo, during fuch minorij^, to receive the tents and profits thereof, and all other hi^perfdhal eftates, and the intereft, dividends, and proceed thereof, and apply the fame as in the aft mentioned ; arid for other purpofips.

103.	An aft for verting the' eftates late of James Colebroole efquire, deceafed, in the county of Kent, in truftees, to be fold j and for purebafing other eftates to be fettled to the fame ufes, fubjeft to the annuities, and other charges and incumbrances thereon; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

104.	An aft to enable the mafter and fcholars of Baliol Col-, lege, in the univerfity of Oxford, in their collegiate capacity, to

convey certain lands and poffeffions belonging to the faid college, in the counties of Salop and Radnor, to William Pearce Hall, and John Woodboufe, efquires, in exchange for other lands in the county of Radnor, of greater value, to be conveyed to, and held by, them refpeftiveiy, to the ufes, and upon the trufis, therein mentioned.

10$. An aft for confirming to tbe refident freemen or bur-gefies, and refident widows of deceafed freemen or burgeffes, of the town of Newcajlle upon Tyne, their full right and benefit to the herbage of The Town Moor, Cajlle Leazes, and Nuns Moor, within the liberties of the faid town, for two milch cows each, in fuch manner as has been ufed; and for improving the herbage of the faid Toiyn Moor, Caflle Leazes, and Nuns'Moor, refpeftiveiy.

106.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the commons, or waftes, called or known by the names of Wedmore Moor, Church-land Moor, Tadam and Teel Moor, and Mudgeley Moor, within the parifh of Wedmore, in the county of Somerfet.

107.	An aft for confirming and eftablilhing the divifion, extinction of,right of intercommon, and exchanges of certain lands, in Balmbrough% Shoefion, and Sunderland, in the county of Northumberland, made between the fevcral perfons interefted therein j and for appointing arbitrators, to fettle the claims of the refpeftive lords of the manors of Hexham and Blanchland, in the faid county, to a traft of difputed ground lying contiguous to the faid manors.

108.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open arid common fields, common paftures, common meadows, and other com-* monable lands, of and within the pariih and liberties of HtUidon, in the county of Northampton.

109.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common heath, common paftures, common meadows, and other commonable lands, of and within the hamlet and liberties of Hollowelly in the parifti of Guiljborough, in the county of Northampton.

110.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, meadows, commonable lands and commons, within the

manor

6

Digitized by v^ooQle

THE

STATUTES at Large, &e.

\

Annoregni GE ORG11 III. , Magna	Britannia,	Francia, & ,

decimo tertio.

AT the parliament begun and bolden at Weft-minfter, the tenth day of May, Anno Dom. 1768. in the eighth year of the reign of our reign lord GEORGE the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued by feveral prorogations to the twenty-fxth day of November, 1772; being the	feffion of the thir-

teenth parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An ait for allowing the importation of wheat, wheat four, rye, rye-meal, barley, barley-meal, oats, oat-meal, beans, tares, callivancies, and all other forts of pulje, from any part of Europe or Africa, into this kingdom, for a limited time, free of duty.

WHEREAS the importation of wheat, wheat-four, rye. Preamble.

rye-meal, barley, barley-meal, oats, oat-meal, peafe, beans, tores,	eallivamies, and all other forts of pulfe, from any part of

Europe or Africa, into Great Britain, will be advantageous to this kingdom: may it therefore pleafc your Majefty that it may be ena&ed ; and be it enabled by the King's mod excellent At anJr tim< majefty, by and with the advice and confent' of the lords ^',ofCwheaV fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parlia- whear-flour,’ ment aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it Rye, &c. may lhall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons what« b“ imported foevtr to import into Great Britain, in any (hip or veflel what-(bever, at any time or times before the firft day of	,	duiy-free’i

Vol. XXX.	#	~	,	one

Digitized byCiOOglC

t

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 2.	[1773.

one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four, any wheat, wheat-flour, rye, rye-meal, barley, barley-meal, oats, oatmeal, peafe, beans, tares, callivancies, and all other forts of pulfe from any part of Europe or Africa, without the payment of and maybe any fubfidy, cuftom, duty, or impofltion whatfoever; and may carried coafl^ alia be carried coaftwife, under fuch regulations as wheat, f^mer reau- wheat-flour, rye, rye-meal, barley* barley-meal, oats, oat-meal, lanona/ peafe, beans, tares, callivancies, and all other forts of pulfe of the growth of this kingdom, are now allowed to be carried coaftwife, at all times before the faid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four; any thing in any former or other adfc or adts of parliament to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithftanding.

Entry to be IL Provided always, and be Tt further enadfced by the au-nude in fuoh thority aforefaid. That a due entry (hall be made, in fuch man-form as was ncr anj form as ^crc ufcd or pradifed before the making of pradtifeS, be- fbis a<^> all* wheat, wheat-flour, rye, rye-meal, barley, bar-fore the mak* ley-meal, oats, oat'-meal, peafe, beans, tares, callivancies, and ing ot this all other forts of pulfe, which (hall be imported or brought into this kingdom before the faid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four, at the cuftom-houfe belonging to the port into which the fame (hall be imported or otherwife fuch brought in; or otherwife, in default of making fuch entry, wheat, &e. fuch wheat, wheat-flour, rye, rye-meal, barley, barley-meal, oats, oat-meal, peafe, beans, tares, callivancies, and all other tie* formerly" f°rt* pulfe, ftall be liable and fubjedf to fuch and the fame payabieon the duties as were payable upon the importation thereof before the importation making of this adt ; any thing ia this adt contained to the con-theKof. trary notwithftanding.

CAP. II.

An aft for allowing the importation of wheats wheat-flour* Indian com* Indian meal* bifcuit* peafe* beans* taresl callivancies* and all other forts of pulfe* from his Majef-* tfs colonies in America, into this kingdom* for a limited time* free of duty.

Preamble. TXTHEREAS the importation of wheat, wheat-flour, In-VV dian corn* Indian meal* bifcuit* peafe, beans* tares* callivancies* and all other forts of pulfe, from his Majeflfs colonies in America, into Great Britain, will be advantageous to this kingdom: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty, that it may be enadted; and be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with.the advice ana confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any of his Majefty’s fubjedts to import into Great Britain* in any (hip or vcfiel navigated according to law, at any time or %«Lb- t*mcs> ^rom anc* a^ter brft day	December,	one thoufand

jeds, from ~ feven hundred and feventy-two, and before the firft day of

January*

Digitized by

Google

1773*] Anno decimo tertio GeoRCII III. c. 3.	%

JanuaryiOixt thousand fcvcn hundred and feventy-four, any wheat Dec. t, 1771* or wheat-flour, Indian corn, Indian meal, bifeuit, peafe, beans, and befo»e tares, callivancies, and all other forts of pulfe, from any of his Majefty’s colonies in America, without the payment of any fub- wheat^whUt-fidy, cuftom, duty, or impofition whatfoever j any thing in any flour, &c. former or other aft or afts of parliament to the contrary thereof from Ame-in any-wife notwithftanding.	™ca» du*y

II.	Provided always, and be it further cnafted by the au- Dueentry to thority afore faid, That a due entry (hall be made in fuch man- be made ncr and form as were ufed or praftifed before the making of formerly; this ad, of all wheat, wheat flour, Indian corn, Indian meal, bifeuit, peafe, beans, tares, callivancies, and all other forts of pulfe, which (hall be imported or brought into this kingdom by virtue of this aft, before the faid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four, at the Cuftom Houfe belonging to the port into which the fame (hall be imported or brought in; or dtherwife, in default of making fuch entry, otherwifefuch fach wheat, wheat-flour, Indian corn, Indian meal, bifeuit, wheat,&c-peafe, beans, tares* callivancies, and all other forts of pulfe, |ca t^tlle du-fhall be liable and fubjeft to fuch and the fame duties, as were [ie» formerly* payable upon the importation thereof before the making of this payable on aft; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary notwith- importation 1 (landing: and fuch wheat, wheat-flour, Indian corn, Indian meal, bifeuit, peafe, beans, tares, callivancies, and all other forts of pulfe, mav be carried coaftwife, under fuch regulations as wheat, wheat-nour, and pulfe, of the growth of this king- and fuch dom, are now allowed to be carried coaftwife, at all times wheat, 6cc, before the faid firft day of January,, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four.	*, formerly.

CAP. III.

An aS to prohibit the exportation of corn, grain, peafe, beans, meal, malt, flour, bread, bifeuit, and ftarcb; and alfo the extrabiion of low wines and fpirits from wheat and wheat flour, for a limited time.

WHEREAS it is expedient that the exportation of any forf Preamble.

of corn, grain, peafe, beans, meal, malt, flour, brear* bifeuit, and ftarcb, out of the kingdoms of Great Britain, or Ireland, Jbonli be prohibited for a limited time: may it therefor* pkaje your Majcftv that it may be cnafled; and be it enafted Afttr by the King s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice this •$, all smd content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, fomofeorn, in this prefent parliament, aflembled, and by the authority of 8rai"» the feme. That from and after the palling of this aft, no per-Ion or perfons whatfoever (hall, direftly or indireftly, export, Britain or tranfport, carry, or convey, or caufe or procure to be exported, Ireland, tranfported, carried, or conveyed, out of or from the faid^king* or loaded in doms of Great Britain or Ireland, or load or lay on board, or any fhip, tec. ttufe or procure to be laden or laid on board, in any (hip or tvanfpor-other veffd, or boat, in order to be exported or carried out of forfeited* *

b 2	the

Digitized by	*

*nd offenders to forfeit »o*. for every bu-(hel of corn, grain, See. and i»d. for' every lb. wt. of bread, &c. and aifo the (hip. boat, See. and all her guns, tackle,

Offences committed inEng-land may be tecovered in anyothisMa-jetty’s courts of record at Wtltminller, See,

and, in Scotland, before the courts of feflion or exchequer $ and forfeitures incurred in Ireland, are recoverable in the courts of record in Dublin.

The mafter and mariners knowingly aiding luch offence, to be impri-toned for 3 months.

In cafe any perfon on board, (except the mafter) tball dif-cover an offence to the com million-trs, See. of the cuttoms, within 5 months after the offence ;

he (hall be intituled to one third of the money iccov-ered by means thereof, after de-ditfbng charge* j

Anno decirflo tertiorGeorgii III, c, 3.	[1773.

the faid kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, any fort of corn, grain, peafe, beans, meal, malt, flour, bread, bifeuit, or ftarch, under the penalties and forfeitures herein-after mentioned ; that is to fay, That all the faid commodities that (hall be fo exported, (hipped, or laid on board, or loaded to be exported> (hipped, or carried out contrary to this a&, (hall be forfeited ; and that every offender or offenders therein, (hall forfeit the fum of twenty (hillings for every buftiel of com, grain, peafe, beans, malt, meal, or flour, and twclvepence for every pound weight of bread, bifeuit, or ftarch, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity which (hall be fo exported, (hipped, or put on board to be exported ; and alfo the (hip, boat, or veflel, upon which any of the faid commodities (hall be export* ed, (hipped, or laden to be exported, and all her guns, tackle, apparel, and furniture, lhall be forfeited 5 and one moiety of all the faid penalties and forfeitures (hall be to the King's majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or them that will fue for the fame : and for offences which (hall be committed in that part of Great Britain called England, fuch penalties and forfeitures (hall be recovered by a<5tion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVejlminJler, or before the jufticcs of aflize, or at the great feflions in Wale$9 or by information at any general quarter feflions of the peace for the county, city, riding, divifion, or place, where the offence (hall be committed ; and in fuch fuit no effoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, (hall be allowed : and for offences which (hall be committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by a&ion, or fummary bill, or information, in the courts of feflion or exchequer in Scotland: and for offences which (hall be committed in Ireland, in his Majef-ty's courts of record in Dt^blin^ or at the general quarter feflions of the peace for the county, city, or place where the offence (hall be committed : and that the mafter and mariners of any fuch (hip, boar, or veflel, wherein any fuch offence (hall be committed, knowing (uch offence, and wittingly and willingly aiding and aflifting thereunto, and being thereof duly convi&ed, in any fuch courts as aforefaid, (hall be imprifoned for the fpace of three months, without bail or mainprize.

II. And it is hereby further enaCted by the authority afore* faid. That in cafe any mariner or other perfon on board any (hip or veflel (other than and except the mafter or perfon having the charge or command thereof) wherein any corn, grain, peafe, beans, meal, malt, flour, bread, bifeuit, or ftarch, (hall be exported, contrary to the intent and meaning of this adt, (hall difeover any fuch offence to the com mi (Turners, or any officer of his Majefty’s cuftoms, within the fpace of live months after fuch offence (nail be committed, fuch mariner, or other perfon (except as aforefaid) making fuch difcovery,(hall, as an encouragement, have, and be intitled to receive, one third part of the net money which (hall be recovered and paid by means of fuch diicovcry, after <fodu#ipg, from the money recovered,

the

Digitized by CjOOQle

*773-1 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c.3.	5

the charges of profecuting for and recovering the fame 5 and

one other diird part thereof (hall be to the ufe of his Majefty,

bis , dfriri fucceflbrs ; and the other third part, to fuch and the other

officer or^S^efsr Jtiirs Majefty’s cuftoms, as (hall fue and pro* to the profe-

fecute for the fan®	cutor.

III.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Officers of the That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or per- cuaito^*,e&c’ fens, being an officer or officers of the cuftoms, or being law*- ^nmodities fully authorifed in this behalf, by the lord high treafurer of not allowed to Great Britain, or the commiffioners of the treafury for the be exported, time being, or any three or more of them, to take and feize all,aid boar|j foch of the laid commodities, not allowed to be exported by this fn^ntw be alt, as he or they (hall happen to find, know, or difeover to be exported, laid on board any (hip or other veflel, or boat, at fea, or in any port, or in any navigable river or water, to the intent or purpofe to be exported, tranfported, or conveyed out of Great Britain or Ireland, contrary to the true intent of this a<5t 5 and alfo the an<1 bringthe (bip, veflel, or boat, in which the fame (hall be found 5 and to bring the faid goods to the king’s warehoufe or warehoufes, houiV&cV** belonging to the cuftom-houfe next to the place where fuch * feizures (hall be made, or to fome other fafe place (where tbere are no fuch warehoufes) in order to be proceeded againft according to law; and, in cafe of recovery, to be divided in manner as aforefaid.	;	^ot t0.

IV.	Provided always. That this a&, or any thing herein much°of the° contained, (hall not extend to prohibit the exportation of fuch raid commo-or fo much of the faid commodities as (hall be neceffary to berries as (hall carried in any (hip or (hips, or other veflel or veflels, in their. j* nec^ar7 refpedive voyages, for the fuftenance, diet, and fupport of the Jhcir%fpcc? commanders, matters, mariners, paffengers, or others, in then*

feme (hips or veflels only, or for the victualling or providing or fer'vic-# any of his Majefty’s (hips of war, or other (hips or veflels in tuxliing (hipa his Majefty’s fervice, or for his Majefty’s forces, forts, or an^of hit garrifons; any thing herein contained to the contrary nojt- Majefty’s gar-withftanding.	rifbni,

V.	Provided alfo. That this ad, or any thing herein con- or carrying

tained, (hall not extend to prohibit any perfon or perfons to	anT	*

(hip, or put on board, any of the coimnodities aforefaid, to be commodities carried coaft wife; that is to fay, from any port, creek, or mem-un(ier coaft * berof the kingdoms of Gnat Britain or Ireland, to any other cocquets, report, creek, or member* of the fame rcfpedively, having fuch cunty being

or the like coaft coequet, or fuflferance, for that purpofe ; and &lvcn* fuch or the like fufficienr fecurity being firft given for the land-, ingand difeharging the fume, in fome other port, member, or creek, of the faid kingdoms, and returning a certificate in fix months, as is required by law, in cafes where goods which are liable to pay duties on exportation are carried coaftwifc from one port of Great Britain to another, and not otherwife.

VI,	Provided alfo, That this ad, or any thing herein con-This ad net tained, (hall not extend to any of the faid commodities which j?nc***an f°of (hall be exported, or (hipped to be exported, out of or from

b x	Great

Digitized by v^ooQle

6	Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 3.	[1773*

i»odites Keing Great Britain to Ireland,or from Ireland to Great Britan, or Gre« Brira m from Great

or Ireland, to Gibraltar or Minorca, or un-to^rclamS jkc.to any °f bis Majefty’s iflands or colonics in America^ that have or from Great ufually been fupplied with any of the laid commodities from Britain or Ire- Great Britain or Ireland, for the fuftentation of the inhabitants tTa?	X^c	!^an<*s>	colonies,	or dominions, or for the benefit

r lar* c# of the Britijb filhery in thofe parts only, fo as the exporter do, the exporter before the (hipping or laying on board the fame, declare the ifliwTfX* * i^an<^9 colony, or dominion, iflands, colonies, or dominions, which they for which the faid commodities are ^efpedtively defigned; and are defigned, do become bound, with other fufficient fecurity, in treble and being the value thereof, to the commiflioners, or chief officer or of-b°h?d h ficers> °f his Majcfty’s cuftoms, belonging to the port or place lue thaHuch where the feme (hall be (hipped or put on board, (who hath or corn, Sec. (hall have hereby power to take fuch fecurity, in his Majefty’s name, rot be landed and to his Majefty’s ufe), that fuch commodities (hall not be or f°W at afty landed or fold in any parts whatsoever, other than the king-other puce, doms, dominions, iflands, or colonies, for which the fame Certificate* to ^ declared > ar*d that a certificate under the hand and be given by feal of the collector, comptroller, or other chief officer of the collector*, See, Cuftoms; or, if no fuch, of the naval officer, or fome other without lee. principal officer of the port where the fame fhall be landed, fhall, within the refpecHve times herein-after for that purpofe mentioned (the danger of the Teas excepted) be returned to the officers who took the faid bonds, that the faid commodities have been landed at the port or place for which the fame fhall be fo declared; and for the taking of fuch fecurity, and for giving fuch certificates, (which the refpedlive officers aforefaid are hereby, on demand, required to give) no fee or reward Officers male- be demanded or received : and if any officer fhall make ing falfc cer" any falfe certificate of any fuch commodities being fo landed, tincates, to fuch officer fhall forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds, and forfeit 1001« lofe his employment, and be incapable of ferving his Majefty, Any ptrfon his Heirs or fucceffors, in any office relating to the cuftoms : and ^ertfficate^o ^ anV Per^on counterfeit, rafe, or falfity any fuch certificate, forfeit *ool. °or khowingly publifh any fuch counterfeit, rated, or falfe cer-and the certi- rificate, he (hall forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds, and ficate 10 be fuch certificate (hall be void and of no effedt: which faid penal* void.	tjes for offences committed in Great Britain or Ireland (hall be

Offence* in Gieat Britain may be recovered as be-lore directed ;

in the colonies in America, ancidominions in Europe, before the court of admiralty. See.

Nothing here-ifi to prohibit

recovered in the fame courts, and in the fame manner, as the other penalties infli&ed by this a<ft are recoverable; and for offences committed in the colonies and plantations in America, or other the dominions belonging to the crown of Great Britain^ in Europe, fhall be recovered in the high court of admiralty, or in any chief court of civil or criminal jurifdidtion, in fuch re-fpedtive colonies, plantations, or dominions; and (hall be divided into equal moieties between his Majefty and the informer; and the faid bond or bonds, if not profecutcd within three years, fhall be void.

VII. Provided alfo, That nothing herein contained (hall extend to prohibit the exportation of beans to the Britifh forts,

caftlc$,v

,	Digitized	by	>ogle

*773-1 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c.3.	7

caftles, and factories, in Afrita; or for the ufe of the (hips the exportatrading upon that coaft, -that ufually have been fupplied with t»n of beam the lame from Great Britain or Ireland; fo as the like fecurity Africa be given for the exporting thereof, as is required by this aft to or the /hip* * be given by perfons carrying any of the faid commodities to the trading on Britijb colonies in America.	thlt colft»

VIII.	Provided alfo. That nothing herein contained (hall ex- nor to prohibit

tend to prohibit the united company of merchants of Englandtbe India trading to the Eajl Indies from exporting any of the faid com- «,mP»"yffon* modifies to any of their forts, factories, or fettlements, for the	£Ct

fopport of the perfons redding there, fo as the like fecurity be with corn) given for the exporting thereof, as is required by this aft to be grain, tec. for given by perfons carrying any of the faid commodities to the ‘i1' fuPPort °f

Britijb colonies in	America.

IX.	Provided alfo, That thi9 aft, or any thing herein con-tained, fhall not extend to any wheat, flour, malt, barley,

bread, bifcuit, or peafe, to be tranfported out of or from tne only may fup. port of Southampton only unto the iflands of Jerfey,	and	ply the Maud*

Alderney, or any of them, for the only ufe of the inhabitants of thofe iflands, fo as the exporter, before the lading of fuch com- barleyTjw* modifies, or laying the dime on board, do become bound, with not other fufficient fecurity, in treble the value thereof, which the jooo quarter* coftomer or comptroller of the fame port hath hereby power to the exporter take, in his Majefty’s name, and to his Majefty’s ufe, and for bound*i*?tre^ which fecurity no fee or reward (hall be given or taken, that ble tbe value fuch commodities fhall be landed in the raid iflands of jerfey, thatthe com-Gternfey, and Alderney, or one of them, (the danger of the	kfjj.

ftas only excepted), for the ufe of the inhabitants there, an4 *r foW anmy (hall not be landed or fold in any other parts whatfoever; and otber port;1 . to return the like certificates of the landing the fame there, as an(j to return are herein required on the exportation of the faid commodities tbe certificates to the Britijb colonies in America, and within the time for that landing tbe purpofe herein mentioned; and fo as the quantity of wheat-flour, malt, barley, bread, bifcuit, and peafe, which at any exporters of time or times, during the continuance of this aft, fhall be corn, grain, . (hipped at the faid port for the faid iflands, or either of them, ta. to the co-» aforefaid, do not exceed, in the whole, five thoufand quar-ters; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

X.	Provided alfo. That this aft (hall not extend to any wheat, xhs ports of barley, oats, meal, or flour, to be tranfported out of or from Whitehaven the ports of Whitehaven or Liverptole only into the IJle of *nd Liver-for the only ufe of the inhabitants of that ifland, fo as the ex- P00’? porter, before the lading of fuch wheat, barley, oats, meal, or of%an flour, or laying the fame on board, do become bound, with wheat, barley, other fufficient fecurity, in treble the value thereof, which theta, under the cuftomer or comptroller of either of the faid ports refpeftively fOI!efa*<1 re*M* hath hereby power to take, in his Majefty’s name, and to his exceeding

his Majefty’s ufe, for which fecurity no fee or reward (hall be ,^oo quartos* given or taken, that fuch wheat, barley, oats, tneal, or flour,

(hall be lyndsd in the faid IJle oj Man, (the danger of the Teas

u 4	only

Digitized by L,ooQle

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c.j. [1773.

only excepted) for the ufe of the inhabitants there, and (hall not be landed or fold in,any other parts whatfoever; and tore-turn the like certificates of the landing the fame there, as are by this adt required on the exportation of the faid commodities to the Britijh colonies in America, and within the time for that pur-pofc herein mentioned, and fo as the whole quantity of wheat, “ barley, oats, meal, and flour, which at any time or times, during the continuance of this a£t, (hall be (hipped at both the faid ports for the faid IJlt of Many lhall not exceed in the whole 1 we thoufand five hundred quarters; one moiety thereof to be exported from the faid port of Whitehaven, and the other moiety thereof to be exported from the faid port of Liverpoole; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding. -tlfa'htoA- XX. Provided alfo. That nothing in this adt contained (hall frfea^may extend to prohibit the committee of merchants trading t o Africa tranfport any from exporting, during the continuance of this adf, any quan-qmntitv of tity of wheaMiour, not exceeding two hundred quarters, or ml1*** 0^? a any quantily °f bread or bifeuit, not exceeding fifteen tons in J *©o quarters, the'whole of fuch bread or bifeuit, or of fuch bread and bif-mnd not ox- * cuit together, to the Britijb forts, caflles, and factories in ceeding 15 Africa, for the fupport of the perfons refiding there, fo as the wd§bVfajh	Purity	be	given	for the exporting thereof, as is herein re-

to the Britifti quired to be given by perfons carrying the (aid commodities to forts there, the Briti/h colonies in America. under the like fecurity as for the colonies in America.

Commiffion- XII. And be it further ehadted by the authority aforefaid, ers of (he cu- That the commiflioners of the cuftoms for the time being insTfuU	and	ih*y	are	hereby	required	to	give	a	full	and	true	ac-

count toV1*- coun*» ,n writing, to both houfes of parliament, at the begin-liament, at ning of the next feffion thereof, of all corn, grain, peafe, beans, tite beginning meal, malt, flour, bread, bifeuir, and fiarch, that (hall, be-of	^cre ^hat time, be exported to any place whatfoever, by virtue

grain,^or pursuance of any of the liberties or powers hereby given pprtecl to or granted for that puipofe. any phice^ by virtue of the liberties of this adt.

■When cey- XIII. And be it further enafied by the authority aforefaid, tificaffisiof That all certificates of the landing and difeharging of the faid landing and commodities to be exported^ other than coaftwife, (hall be re-ar.yonliMaid turne^ within the re(pc<Sive times following; (that is to fay) commodities where the bonds are taken in refpedt of any of the faid commo-ihaH here- dities, to be exported from Great Britain, or Ireland, to any of turned. " the faid colonies or plantations in America, wirhin eighteen calendar months after the date of fuch bonds; and whereto -■ Gibraltar ox Minorca^ within twelve calendar months after the date of luch bpnds ; and where to the iflands of Guernfeyy Jer-Jeyy Alderneyy or Man* within fixcalendar months after the date of fuch bonds; and where , from Great Britain to Jrelandy or . c from Jre!ar?tfto Great, Britain^ wirhin fix calendar months after the date of fuch bonds refpe&ively.

Nb bounty tb * 'XIV. Provided always, andI be if enabled by the authority be gum on ‘afor^idj that no com, wain, peafe, beans, meal, malt, flour,

............  *	’*	*	bread,

Digitized by Google

I;;}*] Anno dcclmo tcrtio Georgii III, c.3.	9

>read, bifcuit, or torch, which (hall be exported by virtue of exportation his ad, (hall be.intitled to any of the bounties or drawbacks b7 viriuc °* which are allowed and made payable on the exportation of fuch thls * # rommodities, or any of them.

XV. Provided always, and be it enabled. That nothing Not t0 prohi-hetein contained (hall extend to prohibit the exportation of bit the expor-rice oot^of this kingdom.	tation of rice.

XVI?And whereas it is expedient that the extraction of low wines Afierthc paf-tr fpirits from wheat, or wheat-four, Jhould he prohibited for a ung ntreof, further time; be it therefore further enadted by the authority a- no low wine* forefaid, That from and after the pafling of this adt, no low °r fp,rjt» Oiall wines or fpirits whatfoever (hall be made, extradted, or diftil- *r rom led, within this kingdom, from any wheat or wheat-flour; and wheat-flour, if any diftiller or maker of low wines or fpirits, or any other or any mate-perion or perfons whatfoever, (hall make, extradt, or diftill, or n?lhm,5cdt caufe or procure to be made, extradted, or diftilled, any low ^ w ca * wines or fpirits from any wheat or wheat-flour, or from any grain or other material mixed with wheat, or with wheat-flour, or (hall ufe or mix, or caufe or procure to be ufed or mixed, any wheat or wheat-flour, or any grain or other material mixed with wheat, or with wheat-flour, in any worrs or wa(h, in order for the making, extriadting, or diftilling low wines or fpirits, or (hall put or lay, or caufe or procure to be put or laid in any tun, walhbatch, caflc, copper, ftill, or other veflel or utenfil, any wheat or wheat-flour, or any grain or other material mixed with wheat, or with wheat-flour, for the purpofe of preparing any worts or wa(h, or for making, extradting, or diftilling low wines or fpirits, whether fuch tun, walhbatch, caflc, copper, ftill, or other veflel or utenfil, hath or hath not been duly entered at the excife office; that then, and in each and every of the faid cafes, fuch diftiller or maker of low wines or fpirits, or other perfon or perfons adding contrary to the dircc-	to

nons of this adt, or the perfon or perfons in whofe cuftody or ^ contrary? pofieffion any fuch tun, walhbatch, caflc, copper, ftill, or other be (hall forfeit %efiel or utenfil, which (hall be made ufe of contrary to the in- and pay *ool. tention of this adt, (hajl be found, (hall refpedtively, for every ^ fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of two hundred pounds ;	tor-

and all fuch wheat or wheat-flour, and fuch worts and *wafh, feited. low wines and fpirits, and all fuch grain, or other material with wheat or with wheat-flour, or the value thereof, (hall be alfo forfeited.

XVII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, wheat or That if any wheat or wheat-flour, or grain, or other material wheat-flour, mixed with wheat or with wheat-flour, (hall be found in any &c. found in workhoufe, ftillhoufe, ftorehoufe, warehoufe, or any other ^ ^^ich Lplace wherein low wines or fpirits, or worts, or waft), (hall be w*in^s |iudc, extradted, diftilled, or prepared, or where any low wines be made, &c. or fpirits, or worts, or walh, (hall have been made, extradted, fince °6t. 1, diftilled, or prepared, fince the firft day of October, one thou-	^

fend feven hundred and feventy-two, all fuch wheat and wheat-ror C11 * lour, and all fuch gtain 9r other material ini*ed with wheat

^	or

Digitized by

to

and the per-

Perfons au-thorifed by the commiC-fioners, or juftices of peace, may enter any workhou c%t Sec. where

Anno dedmo tcrtio GeoRGH III. C. 3.	[1773.

or with wheat-flour, (hall be forfeited j and the perfon or perrons occupy- fons in whofe pofleflion fuch workhoufe, ftiUhoufe, ftorehoufe, ing fuch ftill- Warehoufe, or place, (hall be, (hall, for every offence refpec-forfrit idol lively, alfo forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds.

XVIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful for any perfon or perfbns, who (hall be authorifed for that purpofe by the commiffioncrs of excife for the time being, or any two or more of them, within the limits of the chief office of excife in London, or by one or more juftice or juftices of the peace in any other part of Gre&t Britain, at any time or times, with any officer of excife, to enter into any workhoufe, (tillhoufe, ftorehoufe, warehoufe, or low wines. See. any other place wherein any low wines or fpirits, or worts or

»re fufpefted wa(h> foall be, or are fofpcftcd to be made, extracted, diftil-

to be made , ,	,	.	r.	.	.	rJ. .

lince Oft. i lctU or prepared, or wherein low wines or fpints, or worts or 177s,	’	wafb, (hall have been made, extracted, diftilled, or prepared,

fince the^Ard day of OBohtry one thoufand (even hundred and infpfft all and feventy-two, and (hall have free admittance into the fame, the materials. and may infpeft all the materials, veffels, and utenfils therein contained, giving thereby as little interruption as may be to the buCnefs which is carrying on ; and in cafe any officer of excife (hall have reafon to fufpeft that any wheat, or wheat-flour, or any grain, or other material mixed with wheat, or with wheat-, .	. flour, is contained in any bag, faek, or other package, or is

with^ny other m*xc<* *n anY wort$ °r wafb, 6r in any other preparation for material, a making, extracting, or diftilling, low wines or fpirits, it IhaH (ample may and may be lawful for fuch officer, at any time or times during be taken* pay- the continuance of this aft, upon payment of two (hillings and ing »*. 6d.	to take a fample, not exceeding two quarts of any

fuch wheal or wheat-flour, or of any fuch grain, or other material mixed with wheat, or with wheat-flour, or of any fuch worts or wa(h, or preparation, which (hall be found in any fuch |f any diftib houfe or other place aforefaid; and in cafe any diftilier or )er,&c. refufe maker of low wines or fpirits, or the owner or occupier of he feaU forfeitan^ koufe orplacc» or anY workman or fervant to any fuch 1001.	diftilier, owner, or occupier belonging, (hall refufe to admit

fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be fo authorifed, or any officer of excife, into any fuch houfe or place, or (hall obftruft or hinder any fuch officer, or perfon or perfons, in making fuch infpec-tion as aforefaid, or (ball not allow any fuch officer to take luch fample after the faid fum of two (hillings and (ixpence fhall be paid, or tendered for the fame; fuch diftilier, owner, or occupier (hall, for every fuch offence refpeftively, forfeit and pay Perfon 1 la*, the fum of one hundred pounds: and it (hall be lawful for fully autho- any fuch officer of excife, or other perfon or perfons authorifed rifed bv the as aforefaid, having a warrant for that purpofe from any two or more of the commiffioners of the excife, or any juftice or and^af- juftices refpeftively, as aforefaid, to feize, take, and carry a-ry away all way, all fuch wheat and wheat-flour, and all fuch grain or fuch wheat, other material mixed with wheat or with wheat-flour, as (hall &c*	be found in any fuch houfe or ot^er place, together with all the

On fufpicion of wheat or wheat flour

Digitized by

Google

jyjj.] Anno decitno tertlo Georoii UI. c.3.	1	c

lacks, bags, and other things, in which the faid commodities (hall be contained.

XIX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, if any <^1. That if any diftiller or maker of Jow wines or fpirits for fale or ler have more exportation lhall be poflefled of, or have in his, her, or their wheat than cuftody or pofleffion, or in the cuftody or pofleffion of any per-

fon or perfons in truft, or for the yfe or benefit of fuch diftiller an(j a\\ tj,c or maker of low wines or fpirits, more than five quarters of overphit. wheat or wheat-flour, at any one time, in any one or more place or places, not being a place or places for preparing, making, extracting, diftilling, or keeping worts or wa(h, low wines or fpirits; every fuch diftiller or maker of low wines or fpirits /

(hall, for every fuch offence refpeCtively, forfeit all fuch wheat and wheat-flour exceeding the faid quantity of five quarters, and alio the fum of five pounds for every quarter fo forfeited.

XX.	Provided always. That this a6t lhall not extend to in- This aft not

lift the (aid lad-mentioned penalty and forfeiture upon any di* to extend to ftiller or maker of low wines or fpirits, who (hall be the adualdlftil,crf grower of wheat, and (hall be poflefled of any quantity pf fuch o^v^eatT* wheat grown by him or her in the ftraw, or after the fame 13 provided foci* threfhed out or Separated from the ftraw, provided fuch wheat .wheat be not dull not be kept in his or her pofleffion, or in the pofleffion of in their pof-iny other perfon or perfons in truft for him or her, for a greater abo** (pace of time than twenty days after the fame (hall be threlhed J^ot kept in a or lepaiated from the draw, and fo as fuch wheat be not kept in place tor di-iny place ufed for making, extracting, or diftilling low wines or (tilling low Ipirits, or for preparing or keeping worts or walh.	wine*.

XXI.	Provided alio, and be it further ena&ed by the autho- Not to extend rity aforefaid. That this aCt (hall not extend to inflict the lad- to a diftiller mentioned penalty and forfeiture upon any diftiller or maker of who ,s a md* low wines or fpirits, who pradtifes the trade of a miller, by jj^of'what grinding corn for hire, or who fells corn, flour, meal, or bran, may be foumf at other perfons following the trade of a miller ufually do, and in his mill, who was pofleflfcd of and worked any mill or mills for the grinding of wheat, in the courfe of his trade as a miller, on Or before the firft day of Ofloter, one thoufand feven hundred and

Jxty-fix, for or upon account of any quantity of wheat or wheat-flour which (hall, during the continuance of this ad, be (oond in any fuch mill or mills; any thing in this alt contained to the contrary hereof notwithftanding.

XXII.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. Officer* of ex-That in cafe any officer or officers of excife, or any other per- c,j*e (ufpe&ing fon or perfons, (hall, at any time or times, have caufe to fuf- b^fiveqaarl peft that any wheat or wheat-flour, or any grain or other ma- tcr810 be laid trial mixed with wheat or with wheat-flour, in any quantity up in any exceeding the Quantity of five quarters, (hall be laid or kept in ftorehoum beany fuch ftorenoufe, warchoufe, granary, or other place or diiSSlc? t0 * places as aforefaid, belonging to any diftiller or maker of low 9 wines or fpirits, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this juftices may aft *, then, and in every fuch cafe, upon oath made by fuch

officer or officers, or other perfon or perfons, before the com-

miffioners	9

Digitized by

Google

12

and to feize and carry a-wav all the wheat and wheat-floor, above five quarter*, and the facks, &c.

and forfeit 5I. for every quarter, over the laid quantity.

Diftiller* who have gram or other material mixed with wheat &c flial! tor'eit 501.

Officers refuf-ed admittance to ftore-houfes, &c. may break o-pen thedoots.

How and where penalties :i.3 he recovered.

Court? trsv m	the

penalties if U»ry tcecayie,

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c.3.	[*773-

miffioners of cxcife for the time bejng refpe&ivcly, or any two or more of them, or before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace redding near the place where fuch officer or officers, or other perfon or perfons, (hall fufpedl the fame to be laid and kept, fetting forth the ground of his or their fufpicion, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid corn miffioners, or juftice or juftices of the peace refpetftively, before whom fuch officer or officers, or other perfon or perfons, (hall make oath as afore-faid, (if he or they (hall judge it reafonable) by fpecial warrant tinder his or their refpedlive hands and feals, to authorife and impower fuch officer or officer?, or other perfon or perform aa-thorifed as aforefaid, by day or by night, (but if in the night, then in the prefence of a conftable, or other lawful officer of the peace) to enter into all and every ftorehoufe, warehoufe, granary, or other plade or places where he or they (hall fufpeA that any wheat or wheat-flour, exceeding the quantity of five quarters, or any grain or other material mixed with wheat or with wheat-flour m any quantity, (hall be laid or kept, belonging to any fuch diftiller or maker of low wines or fpirits, and to feize, take, and carry away, all fuch wheat and wbeat-flour over and above the faid quantity of five quarters, and all fuch grain, or other material mixed with wheat, or .with wheat- flour, as he or they (hall fo find together, with all the facks, ba^s, or other things, wherein the fame (hall refpedively be contained f and fuch diftiller or maker of low wines or fpirits, or the per-| fon or perfons in whofe cuftody or pofleffion fuch wheat or wheat-flour, exceeding the faid quantity of five quarters, be-* longing to fuch diftiller, fhall be found, (hall, for every fuch offence refpedUvely, forfeit and pay the faid penalty of five pounds for every quarter exceeding the faid quantity of five quarters; and fuch d ftiller or maker of low wines, or fpirits;, or the perfon or perfons in whofe cuftody or pofleffion fuch grain or other material mixed with wheat,or with wheat-flour, belong- * ing to fuch diftiller fhall be found, (hall, for every fuch offence refpe£tively, forfeit and lofe thefum of fifty pounds; and the faid officer or officers, and other perfon or perfons, is and are hereby impowered, by fuch warrant, together with fuch other perfon or perfons as he or they (hall take to his or their aiMance, to enter fuch ftorehoufes, warehoufes, granaries, and other place or places, and break open the doors thereof, in cafe they be net opened on demand.

XXIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That all penalties and forfeitures by this a<ft impofed, and for the recovery and application whereof no other provifion is here I in-betore made, (hall be fued for, and recovered by aflion cf debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record in fVeJlminJlerj or in the court of exchequer in Scotland.

XXIV.	And that the refpe&ive courts before whom the fam; (ha!) he recovered may and are hereby authorifed, (if they (ball think fit) to mitigate all qr any of the pecuniary penalties here-

in

Digitized by

Google

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii HI. ci.3.	13

ia-bcfore inflided to any fum not lcfs than one fourth part of to one fourth tbefum herein refpedively mentioned ; and that one moiety of of the fum ill fuch penalties and forfeitures, when recovered, (hall be to mentioned, tk ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceiTors, and the other moiety to him or them who (hall fue for the fame, or give information of, or difeover the offence.

XXV.	Provided always. That all fuits, profecutions, or in- Limitation of ornutions, for offences committed againft this ait, (hall be *dion$. lommenccd and made within the fpace of iix calendar months

ifos the fad is committed, and not otherways ; any thing icrcin contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXVI.	And-be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, p€rf.Qn8

rbat if any adion or fuit (hall be commenced againft any per- gajntt wn^m

00	or perfons, for any tiling done in purfuance of this ad, adions (hall neb adion or fuit (hall be commenced within the fpace of four he commenc-ikndar months next after the offence (hall be‘committed: and

fany fuch adion or fuit (hall be commenced or profecuted in inue? bt part of Great Britain called England, the defendant or de-eadaots in any fuch adion or fuit may plead the general iflue,

Bi give this ad, and the fpecial matter, in evidence, at any jjal ro be had thereupon; and that the fame was done in pur-Mnce,.and by the authority of this ad: and if it (hall appear fto have been done, the jury (hall find for the defendant or jfendants; and if the plaintiff (hall be nonfuited, or difeonti-pe his adion, after the defendant or defendants (hall have ap-rared, or if judgement (hall be given upon any verdid or delayer againft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants (hall Defendant M may recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the pw, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes ^^ndant \n flaw: and if fuch adion or fuit be commenced or profecuted scot.and may

1	that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the court before plead this ad, from fuch adion or fuit (hall be brought (hall allow the de-and if judge-jpder to plead this ad on his defence ; and if the purfuer (hall ment be given Ptinfifton his adion, or if jadgement (hall be given againft

eh purfuer, the defendant (hall and may recover the full and maVrecorer a) cxpences he may have been put to by any fuch adion or his expences, at.	&c.

XXVII.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore- This ad to

id, That thiw ad (hall continue until the firft day oi January, continue tilt xthou&nd feven hundred and feventy-four.	Jan. i, 1774.

XXVIII.	Provided neverthelefs. That the faid continuation pr0vi;0.

Hf be abridged or (hortened, and this ad, or any part there-

[ may be altered and varied by any other ad or ads to be &dc in this prefent feffion of parliament.

CAP.

Digitized by Google

i4	Arino	decimo	tertio	GporGii	III.	c.4,5.	£17731

C A P. IV.

An aft to continue for a further an made in eighth year of bis prefent	intituled.	At

aft to continue and amend an ad, made in the fiftll year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, aft for importation	of fbeef, pork, bacon, and butter

from Ireland, for a limited time, and for allowing the im portation of falted beef, pork, bacon and butter, from th Britilh dominions in America, for a limited time.

Preamble. "TTTHEREAS an aS was mode in the fifth year of bis prefe* Aft 5 Geo.lll. V V	Majefty’s reign, intituled. An ad for importation of fall

ed beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireland, for a limits Aft i Geo.lll. time: And whereas an alt was made in the eighth year

fent Majefty’s reign,	to continu firft-mentim

ad, andfor allowing the importation of falted beef, port, bacon, da butter, from the Britilh dominions in America, for a limited time and A£ts o,	w‘,treas	b f°'ur a®s-> in the’ninth,	tenth, eleventh, m

*0, a?. & » twelfth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, the faid lafl-mu Geo. IU. tioned oti was \	continued until the fir ft day of March, one tbotifim

feven hundred and feventy-three:And whereas it is expedient the importation of the faid goods and commodities Qmld be allotes for a longer time 5 May it therefore pleafe your Majefty, that ■ may be enaded ; and be it enaded by the King’s moft excd lent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the Ion fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parlir merit aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That d faid ad, made in the eighth year of his prefent Majefty’s reigi intituled. An ait to continue and amend an alt made in the fifth yd of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An ad for impo tation of falted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireks for a limited time, and for allowing the importation of fain beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from the Britijh dominions I further coo- America, for a limited time, (hall continue and be in full fori ttnued till and effed, until the tirft day of March, one thoofand few March .,.774. hundred and feventy-four.

Preamble.

Ad 7 Geo.lll.

C A P. V.

An aft to continue, for a further time, an aft made in /j feventb year of bis prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, i aft to difcontinue, for a limited time, the duties pa able upon the importation of tallow, hogs-lard, at greafe; and to permit the importation of falted beef, pot bacon, bams, and cheefe, into this kingdom, from any pa, of Europe, for a limited time, free of duty.

WHEREAS an a ft of parliament paffed in the feventb year the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft to d continue, for a limited time, the duties payable upon the i| portation of tallow, bogs-lard, and greafe; and whereas an I 3	*

Digitized by

Google

1773-] Anno decimo tertio Gkorgii III. c. 6, 7.	15

was made in tie tenth year of his prefent Majeflf\ reign* to continue AftioGeo.III* the find ait until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy- three: And whereas the allowing the importation of tallow, hois-lardy and greaje* for a further time, may be of treat advantage: May it therefore pleafe your Majefty, that it nay be enadied; and be it ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords ^'ritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the further con-laid aft of the feventh year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, and until all and every the claufes, provifions, penalties, forfeitures, al- 1 *5’ kwances, matters, and things therein contained, (hall be further continued, from the expiration thereof, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-4x, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if she lame were inferted and re-ena&ed in the body of this prefer aft.

D. And whereas the free importation of falted beef porky bacon* inns, end cheefe* from any part of Europe, for a limited time, key be of great advantage •* be it enadted. That, from and after After the pafl\ fe palling of this aCt, the importation of falted beef, pork, ing hereof, boon, hams, and cheefe, from any part of Europe into Great fa,t?d beef, Britain* be admitted free of duty, until the firft day of Janua-	°*

ky, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four; and that all ceefe, from Ibe claufes, provifions, penalties, forfeitures, allowances, mat- any part of Sen, and things, contained in the faid adt of the feventh year ?ur®,pe-if his prefent Majefty’s reign, (hall extend, and be conftrued duty free till to extend, to the importation of falted beef, pork, bacon, January 1, ksms, and cheefe.	1774*

CAP. VI.

in aft for continuing and granting to bit Majefty certain duties upon malt, mam, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thouiand feven hundred and feventy-three.

C A P. VII.

An aft for allowing the free importation of rice into this kingdom* from any of bis Majefty's colonies in America, for a limited time \ and for encouraging the making of fiarch from rice.

TTTHERE AS the allowing the free importation of rice, from Preamble.

,VV any of bis Majejlys colonies in America into Great Britain

fir a limited time* is* and will be, of great advantage, and may be

« means of encouraging the making of fiarcb from rice: may it

therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enadted j and be it

crafted by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the

advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and

commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the After the pad.

authority of the fame. That from and after the pafling of this ing hereof,

16,	it (hall and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons to im- f*cc m port into Great Britain* from any of-his Majefty’s colonies in

America* America.

Digitized by Google

All fuch rice being afterwards exported, to pay to his Ma|dty, &c. a fubfidy of 6d. in the

16	Anno	decimo tertio GEoftGii III. t. 8* <J; [177$.

at anytime America, at any time or times before the firft day of fifty) one ^8°r w^hout* t^ou^an^ ^even hundred and eighty, any rice, without rbe pay-pay?nentofU mcnt °* anY fubfidy, cuftom, duty, or impofition whatfocver; duty.	any thing in any former adt or ’a£ts of parliament to the con-

trary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

II.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That for and upon all rice which (hall oe imported into this kingdom duty-free, by virtue of this adf, and which (hall be again exported thereout, there (hall be paid and anfwered to his Ma-jefty, his heirs and fucceflors, a fubfidy of poundage of fix-

. pence in the pound, according to the value or rate fet upon Car U. r*ce »mPortccU *n the book of rates referred to by the ad of the * twelfth year of king Charles the fecond ; which faid fubfidy of fixpence in the pound, upon fuch rice fo exported, (hall be raifed, levied, collected, and recovered, by fuch ways and means, and under fuch rules, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, as the fubfidy or poundage for any goods or mer-chandife exported from Great Britain, may be raifed, levied, collected, or recovered, by any ad of parliament now in force, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fevera) claufes, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the body of this prefent ad.

III.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the faid duties, granted by this ad upon rice exported, (hall (the neceflary charges of management excepted) be paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, and be there referved for the difpolition of parliament.

After the pafT- IV. And whereas William Prince is Milled, under certain ht-ing hereof, ail tgrs pQi(nt^ grQnted to him fome time in the year one thoufand Jrotn makTlfarc^of hundred and fixty-eighty to the fok and exclufive right of n:ek:q rice, William Jlarch from rice for the term of fourteen yearly commencing frm Prince's let- the date thereof j and the faid WilHam Prince hath ccn/tntcdts ifot^thnand w?lvt	benefit,	under the faid letters patent,	for the generald-

Jn *	‘	1	* vantage of the Jlarch manufaflory; be it further enaded by the

authority aforeiaid, That, from and after pafljngof this a<5>% it! (hall and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons whomfoever to make (larch of rice, the faid letters patent, or other matter or thine to the contrary notwithstanding.

’ C A P. VIII.	,

An ad for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land-tax. to b? raifed in Great Britain, tor the lervice of the year one thousand feten bundled! and leventy-three, at thru Jbthingj in tbt pound*

C A P. IX.

The duties to be paid into the receipt of exchequer.

yin aSt to refrain the Eaft-India Company, for alimitd time, from making any appointment of commissioners for fuperititending and regulating the Company's affairs, d tbeir prejsdencies in the Eaft-Indies.

Preamble.	\Af H E R E A S the united company of merchants of England

VV trading to the Eaft-IndiCs vt named tommiffiontrs. It it appointed with extraordinary	fer	*

Digitized by Google	*

0?3-l Aftno dccimo tcrtio QeorgiI III. c. io, 11,12.	17

ihgtbt company’s affairs at their prefidemies in the Eaft-Indies: jjnd whereas, in the prefent fttuat'ton of the faid company, and while their affairs are a&ually, at this timey under the immediate moderation of parliament, it is highly inexpedient that any great end important alteration jhould be made, and that at a very great txpcnce, In the method of conducing and managing the buftnefs and ijfairs of the faid company in India : be it therefore enabled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the feme, That, during the fpace of fix calendar months, to be computed from the feventh dav of December, one thoufand feven Affcr DfC hundred and feventy-two, it mall not be lawful for the united jndiacom^a-companyof merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, nynottogrant or for any perfon or perfons on their behalf, to make any ap- commiflion pointment of dommiflioners, or for fuperiotending and regulat- for fuperin* ing the bufinefs and affairs of the faid company in India, or to b^Tfineif make any dommiflion or grant whatfoever, whereby any ex-1^^ traorefmary and urtufual powers may be vefted in any perfon or perfons, for the purpofe of managing the bufinefs and affairs iforefcid; but that, if any fuch appointment, commiflion, or grant, (hall be made within the time aforefaid, the fame (hall be abfolutely null and void, unlefs by fome adb of parliament, unlefs fome to be made in this prefent feflion, permiffion (hall be given to ^ ^a^pur-the faid company to make fuch appointment, commifiion, or p0fe# ■ p grant, within the time aforefaid ; in which cafe, from and immediately after the expiration of the time which (hall be limited by fuch a&, it (hall be lawful for the faid company to proceed in fuch manner, with relation to the Appointment of their officers, agents, and fervants, in all refpedts, as they might have done if this a& had never pafled.

CAP. X

An aft for punilhing mutiny and defertion; and for tbt better payment ot the army and their quarters.

CAP. XI.

An aft for the regulation of his Majefty'• marina forces, while on fhore#

CAP. XII. in a8 to indemnify fuch ferfons as have omitted to qualify themfehes for offices and employments within the time it* toiled by law, and for giving further time for that pur-pofe> and to give further time to fuch perfons as have omitted to male and file affidavits of the execution of in* dentures of clerks to attornies and folicitors.

U7HEREAS divers perfons, who, on account of their offices. Preamble. y pieces, employments, or profeffions, or any other caufe or oc-Cugbt to have taken and fubferibed the oaths, or the a (fur-emt, refpeftivdy appointed to be by fuch perfons taken and fubjerib-Voi. XXX.	C	ed.

A

*8

Perfons whe have omitted to rake the Oaths appointed by Aft. i. Geo.i.

Aft 13 Car. s.

Aft 15 Car.*.

30 Car* a.

• 9 Geo. i*

^ Geo a.

28 Geo. *•

and aft 6. Geo. 3-

Anno decimo tertio GeoRGII IIL c. ii- [1773. ed, in and by an oft* made in the firft year of the reign of his late Majejiy king George the firji, of * fogious memory, {intituled. An aft for the further fecurity of his Majefty’s perfon and government, and the fucceflion of the crown in the heirs of the late princefs Sophia, being proteftants; and for extinguifhing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and his open and fe-cret abettors;) or to have qualified them/elves according to an oft, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of king Charles the femi, (intituled, An aft for the well-governing and regulating corporations;) or to have qualified themfelves according to another all, made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of king Charles the fecond, (intituled, An aft for preventing the dangers which may happen from popifh recufants, by receiving the facrament of the Lord’s-Supper according to the ufage of the church of England, and making and fubferibine the declaration againft tranfubftan-tiation therein mentioned;) or according to another aft, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of king Charles the fecond(inti* ttiled*, An aft for the more effectual preferving the King’s perfon and government, by difabling papifts from fitting in either boufe of parliament;) or according to another aft, made in the, eighth year of the reign of bis late Majejiy king George the firft, (intituled, An aft for granting the people called quaiers fuch forms of affirmation or declaration as may remove the difficulties which many of them lie under;) or according to another ad, made in the ninth year of the reign of his late Majejiy king George the fecond, (intituled, An aft for indemnifying perfons who have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices within the time limited by law, and fpr allowing further time for that purpofe; and for amending fo much of an aft, pafled in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, as requires perfons to qualify themfelves for offices before the end of the next term or quarter-feffi-ons ; and alio for enlarging the time limited by law for making and fubferibing the declaration againft tranfubftantiarion; and for allowing a further time for inroiment of deeds and wills made by papifts; and for relief of proteftant purchafers, devifees, and lefties ;) or according to another at1, made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late Majejiy king George the fecond, (intituled, An aft to amend and render more effeftual an aft palled in tht fifth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An at! for the further qualification of jufiices of thtpeace;) or according to another aft, made in the fixthycar of the reign of his prefent Majejiy, (intituld. An aft for altering the oath of abjuration, and the afiiirance; and for amending fo much of an aft, mad? in the leventh year of her late Majefty queen Anne, intituled, An aft for the improvement of the union of the two kingdoms, as, after the time therein limited, required the delivery of certain lifts and copies there.n mentioned to perfons in (lifted of high treafon, or inifprifion pf treafon,) have, through ignorance of the low, ob-fem e, or fame unavoidable accident, omitted to take and Jubfcribe tht jatd oaths and qjfurance, and make and Jubfcribe the declaration required by lu\u, or otherwife to qualify themfelves, as oforefiil, 3	"	witlin

Digitized by

Google *

1773-] Anno dccimo tcrtio Georgii III. c. 12.	19

within fitch time, and in fiucb manner, in and by the faid afts re-fpeflively, or by any other aft of parliament in that behalf made, is required, whereby, they have incurred,	may be in danger of incur-

ring, divers penalties and dijabilities : for quieting the minds of his Mojeftys fubjefts, and for preventing any inconveniences that might ethmvife happen by means of fuch omij/ions; be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confcnt of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in	N

this prefent parliament aflembled,, and by the authority of the fame, That all and every perfon or perfons who, at or before qualifying be-thepaffing of this ad, hath or (hall have Omitted to take and tore the paffing fabfcribe the faid oaths and declarations, or to receive the fa- ^ crament of the Lord’s fupper, or otherwife to qualify him, her, or themfelves, within fuch time, and in fuch manner, as in and by the faid ads, or any of them, or by any other ad of parliament in that behalf made is required; and who, after accepting any fuch office, place, or employment, or undertaking any profeflion or thing on account of which fuch qualification ought to have been had, and is required, before the-paffing of this ad, hath or have taken and fubferibed the faid* oaths, or made the declarations required by law, and alfo received the facramcnt of the Lord’s fupper according to the ofage of the church of England, or who, on or before the twen- or ^eforc jyeC0 ty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and fe- 15f ,773> venty-three, (hall take and fubferibe the faid oaths, decla- • rations, and aflurance refpeftively, in filch cafes wherein by law the hid oaths, declarations, and aflurance, ought to have been taken or fubferibed, in fuch manner and form, and at or in fuch place .or places, as are appointed in and by the faid ad, made in the firft year of the reign of his faid late Majefty king George the firft, or by any other ad or ads of parliament in that behalf made and provided, and alfo hath or have received, or (hall, on or before the faid twenty-fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-three, receive the facrament of the Lord’s fupper according to the ufage of the church of*

Enfiond, in fuch cafes wherein the faid facrament ought to have

been received, and hath or have made and fubferibed, or (ha 11,

on or before the faid twenty-fifth day of December, one thoufand

feven hundred and feventy-three, make and fubferibe the faid ;

declaration againft tranfubftantiation, and alfo hath or have

made and fubferibed, or (haU, on or before the faid twenty-fifth

day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy- .

three, make and fubferibe the faid declaration, in the faid fta-

tote made in the thirtieth year of king Charles the fecond, in

fech cafes wherein the faid declarations ought to have been

made aiid fubferibed, and take and fubferibe the oath directed

by the faid aft, made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his

late Majefty king George the fecond, in fuch cafes wherein the

faid oath ought to have been taken and fubferibed, in fuch

manner as by the faid aft is direfted, (halL be, and are hereby jn(jcinn^e(i

indemnified, freed,.and difcharged, from and againft all pc-againftfor-

C a	naities,	tenures.

Anno decimo tcrtio GeorGII II!. c. 12. [1773.

nalties, forfeitures, incapacities, and difabilities incurred, or to be incurred, for or by reafon of any neglect or omiflion, previous to the pafling of this ad, or taking or fubfcrib-ing the faid oaths or aflurance, or receiving the facramenr9 or making or fubfcribing the faid declarations, or taking or fubfcribing the faid oath, according to the above-mentioned ads, or any of them, or any ad or ads; and fuch per-fon and perfons is and are, and (hall be fully and adually recapacitated and reftored to the fame ftate and condition, as he, (he, or they were in before fuch negled or omiflion, and (hall be deemed and adjudged to have duly qualified hitn, her, or themfelves, according to the above-mentioned ads, and every of them : and that all eledions of, and ads done, or to be done, by any fuch perfon or perfons, or by authority derived from him, her, or them, are and (hall be of the fame force and validity, as the fame or any of them would have been if fuch perfon or perfons refpedively had taken the faid oaths or aflurance, and received the facrament of the Lord's (upper* and made and fubfcribed the faid declarations, and taken and fubfcribed the faid oath, according to the diredion of the faid ads, and every or any of them; and that the qualification of fuch perfon or perfons, qualifying themfelves in manner, and within the time appointed by this ad, fhall be, to all intents and purpofes, as effedual as if fuch perfon or perfons had refpedively taken the faid oaths and aflurance, and received the facrament, and made and fubfcribed the faid declaration, and taken and fubfcribed the faid oath, within the time, and in the manner appointed by the feveral ads before mentioned.

Not to extend II. Provided always. That this ad, or any thing herein con-to feftorePer-tained, (hall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to reftorc oVc avoided or mtlt*e anY Pcr^on or perfons to any office or employment, by judgment, henefice, matter, or thing whatfoever, already adually avoided by judgment of any of his Majcfty’s courts of record, or already legally filled up and enjoyed by any other perfon 5 but that fuch office, employment, benefice, matter, or thing fo avoided, or legally filled up and enjoyed, (hall be and remain in and to the perfon or perfqns who is or are now, or (hall, at the pafling of this ad, be legally intitled to the fame, as if this ad had never been made.

Perfon* who HI. And whereas many perfons have omitted to caufe affidavits to fhall caufe af be made, and afterwards to be filed in the proper offir/, of the a dual fidavirg to be execution of feveral contrails in writing entered into by them to ferve os clerks to attornies or folicitors, within the time in which the fame Michaelmas CUgfo to have been done, and many infants, and others, may thereby incur certain difabilities; for preventing thereof, and relieving fuch perfons, be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That every perfon who, at the pafling of this ad, (hall have negleded or omitted to caufe any fuch affidavit or affidavits as aforefaid Vo be made and filed, and who, on or before the firft day Michael-mas term, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-threc, (hall caufe one or mere affidavit or affidavits to be made, and after*

wards

Digitized by v^ooQle

I773-J’ Anno dedmo tertio Georgii III. c. 13.	21

wards to be filed, in fuch manner as the fame ought to have been made and filed in due time, (hall be, and is hereby indemnified, freed, and difcharged, from and againft all penal- are indemni, ties, forfeitures, incapacities, and dilabilities, in or by any adl a”d d,f-or a<Ss of parliament mentioned and incurred, or to be incurred, ^c*^ic||roiD for or by reafon of fuch negledl or omifiion; and every fuch ^ affidavit and affidavits fo to be made, and which (hall be duly filed on or before the faid firft day of Michaelmas term, one thoufand fev6n hundred and feventy-three, (hall be as effectual, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had been made and filed within the refpe&ive times the fame ought, by the laws now in being for that purpofe, to have been made and filed.

CAP. XIII.

An aft to enable certain perjons therein named to continue to work a peftle-mill, heretofore employed and ufed in making battle gunpowder, at Old Forge Farm, in the pariflx of Tonbndge, in the county of Kent.

WHEREAS by an aft, pajjed in the twelfth year of the reign Preamble.

of his prefent Majefty, (intituled', An adl to regulate the Afl i» Geo. j. making, keeping, and carriage, of gunpowder, within Great Britain ; and to repeal the laws heretofore made for any of thofe purpofes,) it was enafted, That no perfin or ferftms whatfoever Jbmld for the making of gunpowder, employ, work, or ufe, any mill or engine, worked with a peftle or pejlles, and commonly called a Pcftle-mill; with -an exception, that nothing in that aft Jhouldex-find, or be conftrued to extend, to the powder mills at that time erected in the parijbes of Battle, Crowhurft, Seddlefcomb, and Brede, in the county of Suflex, fo far as the fame related to the making fuch fine fowling gunpowder only as is known and diftin-(ui/bcd by the name of Battle-Powder: And whereas Thomas Hooker, of Tonbridge, in the county of Kent, efquire, Thomas Swayne, of the fame place, gentleman, and Wjlliam Moon of Tonbridge Wells, in the faid county, carpenter, were, before the faffing of the faid a ft, pojfejjed of a certain gunpowder mill, fituate at Old Forge Farm, in the parijh ^Tonbridge aforefaid, which was Mill at Old then and always had been worked with pejlles, and ufed and em~ Forge Farm.ui ployed in making fuch fine fowling gunpowder, and noother: may !£e of it therefore pleafe your Majefty, That it majr be enadted, and ^°c^inaed° be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with working, the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That nothing in the faid adt contained, fo far as the fame relates to the ufe of peftles, (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to the faid mill fo fituate at Old Forge Farm as aforefaid; but that they the faid Thomas Hooker, The m\ Swayne and William Moon, their heirs, executors, admini-ftrators, and affigns, (hall and may continue to work fuch mill with peftles, fo long only as the faid mill (hall be ufed and employed foe the foie purpofe of making fuch fine fowling gun-•	c	3	powder

Digitized by

Google

22

Anno dccirno tcrdo Georgii III. c. 14.	[1773.

powder only, as is known and diftinguiihed by the name

Battle Gunpowder.

Aft not to ex- II. Provided always, and be it further enaded by the autho-tend to any rjty aforefaid. That nothing in this ad contained (hall extend, other mill. or conftruc<j t0 extend, to any other gunpowder mill that

may or (hall have been ereded or built fince the palling of the faid ad, or that (hall or may hereafter be ereded or built, but to fuch mill only fo built and ufed at Old Forge Farm aforefaid, before the palling of the (aid ad.

An aS to encourage the fubjeBs of foreign ftates to lend money upon the fecurity of freehold or leafehold eftates, in any of his Majeftfs colonies in the Weft Indies; and to render the fecurities granted to fuch aliens effeBual for recovering payment of the money fo to be lent> by fale of fuch freehold or leafehold eftates.

Preamble. TTlHEREAS the cultivation and improvement of eftates in V V bis Majefty's colonies in the Weft Indies, and the ereB'tng of fugar works and other necejfary buildings thereon, are attended

with great expence; and the proprietors of fuch eftates are often obliged to borrow large fums of money for thefe purpofes, upon the credit of fuch eftates: and whereas it has been found difficult to procure fufficient loans from the fubjeBs of this kingdom, and it would fend greatly to the improvement of fuch eftates, and to the publick benefit, if money could be borrowed at a reafonaple rate of intereft y from the fubjeBs of foreign ftatesy for the purpofes aforefaid; but doubts have arifeny whether, as the law now ftands, any fecurity, in the nature of a mortgage granted to a foreigner, or alieny or to any perfon in truft for him, can be made effeBual aga'tnft fuch eftatesy for recovering the money lent thereon: and whereas no foreigner or alien 9 as the law now ftandsy can bring or profecute any fuity for the recovery of money, in any court of law or equity within his Majefty’s dominions, at a time when the Jlatey of which fuch alien is a natural-born fubjeB, is at war with this kingdom : in order to remove fuch doubts, and to encourage foreigners, or aliens, to lend money upon the fecurity of fuch eftates; be it enaded by the King’s tooft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parlia-

After the paf, ment aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from fmgof this and after the palling of this ad, it fball and may be lawful to aft, foreign- arKj for a|j anj eVery perfon and perfons, being foreigners, or money^in- aliens, to lend money, at a rate of intereft not exceeding five tereft, not ex- pounds per (entum per annurn^ upon the fecurity of any free-cceding 51.	hold or leafehold eftate, in any cf his Majefty’s colonies in the

pen cent, on Weft Indies, and to bold the fame as an effectual fecurity for the tWehold^ °f	knr»	apc*	t0	Pr°fecute	any	fuit	or fuits for recovering the

rare* in the fettle, as herein-after mentioned, whether the foreign (late, of _Wcft Indict, which fuch alien is a natural-born fubjed, be at ws^r with this

CAP. XIV.

Jtuigdom or not.

Digitized by

Google

1773*3 Anno declmo tertio Georgii III. c. 14. ,	23

II.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That in In cafe of cafe of non-payment of the money lent upon any fuch fecurity, non-payment, at the time therein ftipulated and agreed upon; it (hall and bnw may be lawful to and for all and every fuch 'foreigner, or common law, aliens, to bring and profecute, by themfdves or their lawful for recovery * attorneys refpeiUvely, any fuit or fuits at common law for the °f demand*; recovery of their demands, on any bond, or 'other collateral fecurity, given or entered into, or on any covenant on the part of the borrower, contained in /iny fuch mortgage, deed, or deeds; and alfo his, her, or their bill or bills in the court oforinthecourt chancery of the colony, where the eftate, oh which fuch fecu-?fcl?anc?‘y rity (hall have been granted, lies, praying a decree of fale ot or CCOOIv* the laid mortgaged premifes, for payment of the debt due thereon ; in which faid fuit or fuits the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall be and the p]ain* mtitled to like remedy and remedies, for recovery of his debt and cofts due, as any Briti/b fubjedt port may or can have; remedy for except the being intitled to have or obtain, diredtly or indiredt- recovery, as !y, the actual poffeflion of any fuch mortgaged premifes, by any Brihfh procefs of execution whatfoever at the common law; or to foreclofe the equity of redemption of fuch mortgaged premifes by any decree or order of any court of equity whatfoever.

HI; And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That the Court of chan* bid court of chancery, where fuch bill or bills (hall be brought, of may and (hall direct and order the fale of fuch mortgaged mortgaged premifes, in the fame manner as in cafes where the mortgager premifes ai in bath confented to a fale of the fame; any law, ufage, or prac- cafcl whcrc tice to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithftandiog.	hat^ronfeS^

IV. And whereas upon bills brought for the redemption of fuch ed to a fale. * mortgages^ inconveniences may arife from the want of means to com- inconvenience/ Jucb foreigners, or aliens, or their reprefentativeSy to appear to cies arifing fuch bilk, who may rejide out of the jurifdiftion of the court where ff°mthc want fuch bills may be brought; be it enadted by the authority afore- compeMb-° hid, That, in all fuch cafes, fervice of any writ or procefs of feigners to fuch court, upon the known attorney or agent of fuch foreigners apoear to fuch or aliens refiding within the juriftlidtion of the faid court refpec- ho* lively, (hall be deemed good fervice of fuch writ or procefs up- ** prevented, on any fuch foreigner or alien : and in cafe the defendant or defendants (hall be abfent, and have no fuch attorney or agent refident within the jurifdidtion of the court, upoq affidavit thereof made by the perfon or perfons feeking fuch relief, or by his, her, or tlieir attorney, duly conftituted to the fatisfadion of the court out of which fuch writ or procefs (hall iflue, (in which affidavit (hall be exprefled the place of refidence of fuch foreigner, according to the beft of the deponent’s information and belief,).it (hall be lawful for fuch court to iflue a commif-fion under feal to commiffioners therein to be named, authori-fing fuch commiffioners to take affidavit of the fervice of fuch writ or procefs on the defendant or defendants perfonally, or his, her, or their ufual place of refidence, and to certify the fame; and fuch affidavit, returned with fuch commiffion into the (aid court, (hall be competent evidence of the fcrvicc of fuch

C 4	writ

make a fioai decree for payment.

&4	Anno	dectmo	tcrtio Georgii III. c. 14.	[177$+

writ or procefs ; any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary in any-wife not with (landing: and if the defendant or defendants (hall not, within fix months after fervice of the faid writ or procefs, upon the attorney or agent in the colony, or upon the defendant or defendants abroad, appear to the (aid bill, either in perfon, or by fome attorney or attorneys for that purpofe, lawfully to be appointed under hand and leal, or according to the ufage of the country to which the defendant belongs; then, and in fuch cafe, the court of chancery in which fuch fuit (hall be brought is hereby authorifed and required to take the bill pro confejfo, and to order and decree an account to be taken, by one of the matters of the faid coun, of what is due to the defendant or defendants for principal and interett, and alfo for cotts, if any ; in taking of which account, the complainant or complainants (hall be obliged to (hew or produce, before the matter, proper vouchers for all credits that he, (he, or they Courtofchan- (hall claim : and the faid court is hereby further authorifed, on eery may on the coming in of the matter’s report, to make a final decree, inof^be'maf- aPP°*nt*ng a time and place f°r payment of the fum, which, by ter*s report, fuch report, (hall appear to be due to the defendant or defendants, together with interett on the laid principal fum, until ten-: dered as herein->after mentioned, and adjudging a redemption of the mortgaged premifes, upon the payment of the faid principal and interett, and cotts, if any, either to the defendant or defendants, or to his, her, or their lawful attorney or attorneys* to be conftituted as aforefaid, or into the bank of 1England, as herein-after preferibed.

Mortgagees V. And be it further enabled. That, after a time and place lefutmg tore- for redemption.of any fuch mortgage, and the fum of money tendered, the t0 Pa^ ^or redemption (hall be afeertained by the faid mortgager is court, according to the ufual courfe of proceeding in cafes of to pay the redemption of mortgages, if the fum of money fo to be paid fame into the fhall be then and there lawfully tendered, and if fuch mortgagee land. ° or mortgagees, or his or their reprefenutive or representatives* attorney or attorneys, (hall refute to receive the fame, or (hall not attend for that purpofe; then, and in either of fuch cafes, it (hall be lawful for the mortgager or mortgagers, or his or their legal reprefentarive or reprelentatives, or his, hed, or their attor<? ney or attorneys, to pay fuch fum of money into the bank of England, in the name, and with the privity of the accountant-general of the high court of chancery of England* to b,e placed to his account there ex partey the mortgager or mortgagers, or his or their reprefentative or reprefenratives, purfuant to the prrfiiant to method preferibed by the a<ft of the twelfth year of the reign of aft is Geo. 1. his late majefty King George the Firft, (intituled. An aft for better fecuring the moneys and effeQs of the fuitors of the court of chancery, and to prevent the counterfeiting of Eaft India bonds and and according indorfenunts thereon, as likewife indorCements on South Sea bonds,) to the gene- and the general rules and orders of the faid court, and without court ind* or reward, according to the a& of the twelfth year of the a& is Geo. 2. reign of his late majetty King George the Secopd, '(intituled* ...........................-	*•	'	-	A*

*5

1773*3	A1100	decimo tertio GeoRGH III. p. 14.

A a8 to impower the high court of chancery to lay out, upon proper [aunties, any moneys not exceeding a fum therein limited, out of the imam and general cajb in the bank of England belonging to the fours of the faid court, for the eafe of the faid fuitors, by applying [he iuterejl arijtng therefrom for anfwering the charges of the office if the accountant-general of the faid court,) there to remain for the for the benefit benefit of the mortgagee or mortgagees, their executors, admi- of the mort-niftrators, or afiigns, and to be laid out on government or par-limcntary fecurities, as hereinafter mentioned, until he, (he, or they (hall, upon a petition to be preferred td the high court pf chancery, in a fummary wav, at his, her, or their expence, obtain an order of that court tor the payment thereof, and of all intereft, profits, and dividends arifing therefrom.

VI.	And it is hereby farther enacted by the authority afore- A certificate

laid, That a certificate or certificates of the accountant- general, the *c-under his hand, (which he is hereby directed to give without	tEs

fee or reward, as well to the mortgager or mortgagers, his, her, payment, to or their heirs, as to the mortgagee or mortgagees, his, her, or be an efie&ial their executors, adminiftrators, or afiigns, upon application difcbaufc to made to him for that purpofe,) that the mortgager or mortg*-thc

gets, or his, her, or their heirs or reprefentatives, attorney or *er* attorneys, have paid fuch fum into the bank of England, fhall le a good and effectual discharge to the mortgager or mortgagor his, her, or their heirs; and that after fuch certificate Iball be fo given, the mortgager or mortgagers, his, her, or their heirs or afiigns, and all and every other perfon and perfons who lull or may be furety or fureties for the payment of the fum originally lent, or the intereft thereof, (hall be, and are hereby abfolutely, acquitted, releafed, and difeharged of and from the lame; and that the legal eftate, and all other the intereft of the mortgagee or mortgagees, or of his, her, or their reprefentative or reprefentatives, in the mortgaged premifes, (hall be, and is hereby declared to be, from and after the granting fuch certificate or certificates, revefted in the mortgager or mortgagers, or his, her, or their heirs refpedtively, or in whom he; (he, or they (hall refpe&ively appoint.

VII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Before mppli-That, in the mean time, and until the mortgagee or mortga- cation to pcs, or his, her, or their legal reprefentative or reprefentatives,

1 hall apply by petition to the high court of chancery, for an or- rccejvc f^e itr to receive the faid fum, the faid accountant-general (hall, fum, the sc-and he is hereby direded and impowered to place out the fame countant is 00 government or parliamentary fecurities ; and (hall pay the intereft, dividends, or profits therefrom arifing, from time to mentiecurity. time, as the fame (hall become due and payable, unto the person or perfons who (hall be intitled to the fum fo paid into the &id hank.

VIII.	And be it further ena<fted by the authority aforefaid. Court of That the faid high court qf chancery (hall, and is hereby re- chancery to wired and authorifed to make an order for the payment ot the ofmown that (hall be fo paid into the faid bank as aforefaid, qnd 0/ paid iqtq

all

Digitized by

%6 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III.- c. 15,-19.	[1773^

the bank. &c. all dividends, profits, and intereft therefrom arffing, to the per-on applies- fon or perfons intitled thereto, upon an application made to the m^wayby" court by petition, in a fummary way, bv the mortgagee or tbemort- * mortgagees, his, her, or their executors, aatniniftrators or af-gagee.	figns; on hearing of which petition it (hall be fufficient for the

petitioner or petitioners to prove, to the fatisfa&ion of the court, that he, (he, or they, is or are the perfon or perfons for whofe ufe or benefit the money was fo paid into the laid bank, or that he, (he, or they, are the legal reprefentative or reprefen-- tatives of fuch perfon or perfons, without requiring any of the proceedings in the court of chancery of the colony in thecaufe to be tranfmitted hither 5 and upon producing fuch order to the accountant-general, the money (hall be paid to the perfon fpe-erfied in fuch order, or to his, her, or their lawful attorney or attorneys, without fee or reward.

Pubtick ad. IX. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That this ad (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publickad; 1	and fhall be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges,

juftices, and other perfons Whomfoever, without being fpecially pleaded.

CAP. XV.

An ad for paving, cleaning, and lighting the High Street, Eaft Street, and Weft Street, in tbe town and pariOies of Gravefend and Milton, in the county of Kent $ and for lighting the other ftreets; tod for removing afl incroacbments and annoyances within the (hid town and • parifhes.

CAP. XVI.

An ad for taking down the fhire hall of tbe county of Devon, and for building a new (hire hall in a more commodious manner.

C A P. XVII.

An ad for making the exemplification of the laft will and teftament of William earl of aldington, in the kingdom of Ireland, deceafed, evidence as well in Ireland as in Great Britain.

CAP. XVIII.

An ad to repeal an ad, palled in the ninth year of the reign of his pre-fent Majelty, intituled, An ad for the more effedual relief of tbe pool ,	.	in	the	county of Devon j and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

CAP. XIX.

4	An ad to amend and render more effedual an ad paffed in the twenty' fecond year of the reign of his late majtfty King George tbe Second intituled, An ad for draining and improving certain fen lands within the manor and parilhes of Unwell and Out veil, and in the parifbes d Denver and Welney, in the lfle of Ely, and counties of Cambridge arwl Norfolk, fo far as the fame relates to tbe lands lying on the foutb fide oi Popham’s Eau.

Preamble. Ad %% Geo. *. A tax to be laid by tbe commiffioners ip Pointed by the former ad, not exceeding i ipn Acre. Commiffioners ft determine differences between landlords and tenants. Upon nonpayroed of tax, and notice given, the fame to be levied by diftrefs and file. Pt nahy on nonpayment. Land and ftock to remain fecurity for the pay-ment of taxes. Commiffioners may borrow money. Appticyioa of roo ney. Taxes chargeable with payment of money borrowed. Affignmenti may bp transferred* Transfers to be enteppd w books. Clanfe to com

Digitized by UooQle

1773O	A*100 dedmo ttrtic GBORGIl III. c. 20.

pel owners to fcour dikes, &c. Penalty on negleft. Perfons making watering-places in mill drains, or drawing carriages on the banks, (hall forfeit 401. Perfons ervfting buildings, or planting trees near any mill to forfeit, for every hoofe or building 401.5 for every tree, is.) for every bolt, 51. Commiffioners may make allowance for catching vermin. Qua-fibcation of commiffioners. No 'order to be revoked, but by a greater nnaber than made it, nor without notice. Not to prejudice William Barnes in maintaining his banks. Limitation of aftions. General iffue. Treble cofts. "Expence* of meetings not to exceed tos. Rights of the coofemtors of Bedford Level faved, as by 15 Car. a. Public* aft

An ad to amend and render more effectual an aft, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An aft for draining and preferving certain fen lands and low grounds in the Ifle of Ely, an j counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, between Mttdenhall river, fouth, Plant Load and Brandon river, north, bounded oi the weft by the river Oufe, and on the eaft by Winter Load, Earfwell brook, and the hard lands of Mildcnball$ and for impowering the governor, bailiffs, and commonalty of the company of conferva tors of the great level of the fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to foil certain fen lands lying within the limits aforefaid, commonly called invefted lands) fo for as the fame relates to the fevtral fen lands and low grounds lying in the firft diftrift deforibed in the (aid aft.

Preamble. Aft 33 Geo. a. A further tax to be laid. No further fum to be borrowed during the continuance of the additional tax, except on emergency. Commiffioners may fufpend the additional tax if monies doe (ball be reduced to 60001. Additional tax to be paid in moieties by landlord aad tenant. Penalty for deftroying the banks by burning lands, to be levied by diffrefs and (ale y or offenders may be committee!. Owners and occupiers to repair, and fcour, ditches and tunnels. Penalty on neg-kff, is jd,p*r rod. Owners of mills reftrained fqpm throwing water upon the lands of other perfons. Afting commifliflpers ve to prevent any injury from private drainage. River hanksv not to be cut but under the mfpe&ion ot the commiffioner's officers. Nothing contained to prevent Mr Jones from imbankingand foparately draining his lands. Limitation for the digging of turf. The time of paying the taxes to be appointed by commiffioners. Penalty, in cafe of nonpayment, is js. 4d. tor every sot. doe. Commiffioners may fell lands for payment of taxes. Commii-fiooers to give notice to owners of lands to be fold * and alfo notice of fale. Provilb; Taxes to be levied on goods of perfons driving their cattle off their lands chargeable with the taxes. Lands to be rated to the poor's rates, according to reduced rent. The fouth bank of Brandon river, and the weft bank of Lakenbeath Load, how to be repaired. Commiffioners ioMwertd to ereft turnpikes, and take tolls to repair the banks. Tolls vefted in the commiffioners. Penalty on perfons refuting to pay tolls. Penalty 00 taking off borfes to avoid the tolls. Commiffioners to ereft a tdlboufe for maintaining certain banks. Provifo. No toll on borfes hafing boats with materials for repair of banks, &c. Appeal may he made to the quarter foflions. futHces determination not removeable by Ctrtio-rtri. Rights of the conservators of Bedford Level laved, as by 1j Car. s« limitation of aftions. General iffue. Treble cods. Publkk aft.

CAP. XX.

CAP.

Digitized by

a$	Anno	dccimotcrdo Georgii III. c. ai, [1773.

CAP. XXI.

An a£l to extend the provifians of an off, made in the fourth year of the reign of his late majejiy King George the Second^ intituled. An aft to explain a claufe in an aft, made in the feventh year of the reign of her late ma-jefty Queen Anne, for naturalizing foreign proteftants, which relates to the children of the natural-born fub-jefts of the crown of England, or of Great Britain, to the children of fuch children.

Preamble. TT7HEREAS divers natural-born fubjecls of Great Britain, V V who profefs and exercife the prottfiant religion, through various lawful caufes, ejpecially for the betur carrying on of commerce, have been, and are, obliged to reftde in feveral trading cities, and other foreign places, where they have controlled marriages, and brought up famlies: and whereas it is equally jujl and expedient that the king dom Jhould not be deprived of fuch fubjefls, nor lofe the benefit of the wealth that they have acquired; and therefore that not only the children of fuch natural-born fubjetls, but their children alfo,Jhould continue under the allegiance of his Majejiy, and be intitled to come into this kingdom, and to bring hither and realise, or otherwife employ, their capital; but no provifion hath hitherto been made to extend farther than to the children born out of the ligeance of his Majejiy, whofe fathers were natural-bom fubjtfls of the crown of England, or of '	Great	Britain	:	ma	jit therefore pleafe your moft excellent Ma-

jefty that it may be^nafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all perfons born, or who hereafter (hall be born, out of theiige-ance of the crown of England, or of Great Britain, whofe fathers were or (hall be, by virtue of a ftatute made in the fourth year of King George the Second, to explain a claufe in an aft made in the (eventh year of the reign of her majefty Queen Anne, for naturalizing foreign proteftants, which relates to the natural-born fubjefts of the crown of England, or of Great Britain, in-titled to all the rights and privileges of natural-born fubjefts of the crown of England, or of Great Britain, (hall and may be adjudged and taken to be, and are hereby declared and enafted to he, natural-born fubjefts of the crown of Great Britain, to all intents, conftruftions, and purpofes whatsoever, as if he and they had been and were born in this kingdom ; any thing contained in an aft of the twelfth year of the reign of King irilliam the third, intituled. An afl for the further limitation of the crown, and better fecuring the rights and liberties of the fubjefi, to the contrary jn any wife notwithftanding.

Provifpet, See. II. provided always, and be it enafted and declared by the of 4 Geo. m. authority aforefaid. That nothing in this prefent aft contained PJf h? conflrued, adjudged, or ta^ep tp qxtend, to

1773-1 Anno dfcciftio tertio GeoRgii III. C. ii*

19

make any pcr(ons born, or to be born, out of the ligeatjee of the crown of England, or of the crown of Great Britain, to be natural-born fubjedts of the crown of Great Britain, cfontrary to ail or any of the provifoes, exceptions, limitations and reftridlions, contained in the aforefaid adt, made in the fourth year of the reign of his faid late Majefty, or to repeal, abridge, or alter the fame 9 but all fuch daufes (hall he, and remain in the fame (late, plight, and condition, to all intents, conftrudlions, and purposes whatfoever, as they would have been if this prefent adt bad never been made.

III.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadted by the authority Nottoabridgc aforefaid. That nothing in this prefent adt contained (hall ex- °LallQ thc tend, or be conftrued, adjudged, or taken to repeal, abridge, or8 s Co*im any-ways alter, an adt made in the fifth yeat of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, intituled, An at1 to prevent thc inconveniencies ariftng from /educing artificers in the manufactures of Great Britain, into foreign parts; nor to repeal, abridge, or any ways alter, any law, Statute, cuftom, or ufage whatsoever, now in force, concerning aliens, duties, cuftoms, and impositions, nor to caufe any privilege, exemption, or abatement, relating thereto, in favour of any perfbn naturalized by virtue of this adt, unlefs fuch perfon (hall come into this realty and there inhabit and refide, and (hall take and fubferibe the oaths, and make, repeat, and fubferibe the declaration appointed by an adt, made in the firft year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft,. intituled, An aft for the further fecurity of his Majejlys perfon and government, and the fuccejfion of the crown in the heirs of the late prince/ Sophia, being protejlants, and for ex* tinguijbing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and his open and fecret abettors, in fuch manner and form, and at fuch place and places, as are in and by the faid adt diredted, and alfo receive the facrament of the Lord’s fupper, according to the ufage of the church of England, or in fome proteftant or reformed . congregation within this kingdom of Great Britain, within three -months before their taking tne oaths in the faid adt mentioned ; and (hall, at the time and place of taking and fubferibing the faid oaths, and of the making, repeating, and fubferibing the (aid declaration, produce a certificate Signed by the perfon adroi-niftering the faid facrament, and attefted by two credible wit-nefles, whereof an entry (hall be made of record in the court and courts refpedtively wherein fuch oaths (hall have been taken and fubferibed, without any fee or reward.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enadted by the autho- Not to defeat rity aforefaid. That no perfon (hall be enabled hereby to defeat anv right any eftate, right, or intereft, which upon the laft day of this fef-fion (hall be lawfully veiled in any other perfon, or to claim or on the fait demand any eftate or intereft, which fhall hereafter accrue* un- day of this lefs fuch claim or demand be made witHjin five years next after feflion. the lame (ball accrue.

CAP.

Digitized by

30 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c» 2*,—25.	{1773.

CAP. XXII.

An iftto continue in aft, made in the iixth year of hit preftnt Majefty, intituled. An aft to regulate the loading of (nipt with coals, in the ports of Newcaftle and Sunderland.

Preamble. Aft 6 Geo. 3. continued for a further term of (even years.

CAP. XXIII.

An aft for defraying the charge of the pay and doathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty.fifth day of March, one thoofand (even hundred and feventy-tbree.

CAR XXIV.

An aft for further continuing two afts, made in the fixth and ninth years of his Majefty*s reign for punijbing mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters9 in his Majeftys dominions in America.

Preamble.	HERE	A S an aft paJTed in the twelfth year of his prefent

Aft xaGeo. 3* VV- Majtftfs reign, (intituled, An aft'for further continuing two afts, made in the fixth and ninth years of his Majefty’s reign, for punifhihg mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of* the army and their quarters, in his Majefty's dominions in America;; which aft was to continue and be in force in all his Majtftfs dominions in America from the twenty-fourth day of March, one tboufand feven hundred and feventy-three, until the twenty-fourth day of March, one tboufand feven hundred and feven-ty-four: and whereas it has been found neeeffary that the /aid afts made in the fixth and ninth years of his Majeftfs reign Jbould be continued for a further time \ may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent par-further conti- liament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the nued until fajd a$s (hall 5^ and the fawlc arc hereby continued, until the ** twenty-fourth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and *77S*	feven^-five.

C A' P. XXV.

An aS	to explain two	aft of parliament, - of the

teenthyear of the reign of his late Majefty, for naturalizing fucb foreign proteft ants, and others, as are fettled, or fhall fettle, in any of his Majefty's colonies in America; and the other of the fecand year of the reign of bis prefent Majefty, for naturalizing fucb foreign proteftants as bam ■ ferved, or Jhall feme, as officers or foldiers in bis Majefty's royal American regiment, or as engineers, in America.

Preamble.	yT 7” H E R E A S by an	aft made in the thirteenth year the

Aft 13 Geo. i. » V reign of bis late Majefty King George the Second, (

An.ad for naturalizing luch foreign proteftants, and others

therein

1773-1 Anno deeimo tertio Georgii III.

therein mentioned, as are fettled, or (hall fettle, in any of his Majefty’s colonies in America), allperfons born out of the allegiance of bis Majefly, bis heirs or fuccejfors, who )ball have inhabited and refsded, or Jbail inhabit or refide, for the fpace of feven years or more, in any of bis Majefiys colonies in America; or Jhall not have been abfent out qf the Jaid colonies for a longer fpace than two months at any one time, during the Jaid feven years, are, upon, the conditions preferibed by the faid aft, naturalized and made partakers of all the benefits and Privileges which the natural-born fubjefts of this realm do enjoy, other than fuch as are fpecified in a provifo in the Jaid aft contained: and whereas by an aft, mode in the fecon& Aft % year of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, [intituled. An ad for na-	°*3*

turalizing fucb foreign proteftants as have fprved, or (hall ferve, for the tune therein mentioned, as officers or foldiers in his Majefty’s royal American regiment, or as engineers in America,) it is ena&ed, That all fuch foreign proteftants. as well officers as foldiers, who have ferved, or (hall hereafter ferve, in the royal American regiment, or as engineers in America, for the fpace of two years, (hall, upon the terms required by the faid recited ad, be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be his Majefty’s * natural-bom fubjeds of this kingdom, to all intents, conftruc-tions, and purpofes, as if they and eveiy of them had beep, or were, born within this kingdom; and’ia both which ads re* fpedttvely are contained provifoes, That no perfon, who (hall become a natural-born fubjed of this kingdom by virtue of the faid ads, (hall be thereby enabled to be ot the privy council, or a member of either hpuie of parliament, or to be capable of taking, having, or enjoying any office or place of truft within the kingdom of Great Britain ox Ireland, either civil or military, or of having, accepting, or taking any grant from the crown, to himfelf, or to any other in truft for him, of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, within the kingdoms aforefaid : and whereas doubts may nevertbelefs arife, whether fuch perfons as have, been, or may be naturalized under or by virtue of the faid recited, afts, are capable of taking, having, or enjoying any office or place of truft, either civil or military, or of taking any grant of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, from the crown whatfoever; be it enad-cd and declared by the {ting’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the Au perf0IM . authority of the fame. That all and every perfon and perfons who have, or that have become, or (hall become his Majefty’s natural-bom Hiail become fubjeds, by force of virtue of the faid ads, or either of them, hi‘ MaJc£y 1 are and (hall be deemed to be capable of taking and holding a-by* ny office or place of truft, either civil or military, and of taking virtue of the and holding any grant of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, faid ads, are from the crown, to himfelf or‘themfelves, or to any other or h*rcby others in truft for him or them, as well under the great feal of ?ak?ng\nd° Greqt Britain, ?s otherwife, (other than and except offices and holding places places, and grants of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, of truft, either within the kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland)-, any law,or cml°rmlJlU* ad of parliament to the contrary notwithftanding,A	ry*

>	~	i	CAP-

Digitized by VjOOQLC

Preamble. Aft it Car.

Anno decimd t6rtio GtoftGil lit. t.i8.	[

CAP. XXVI.

An aS for preventing abujes in the fait of Jbares bf British* £&;// /W/tf /* foreigners.

WHEREAS by an att of parliament, mate in the twelfth ye<A of the reign of bis majejly King Charles the Second, (intituled. Art *• aft for the encouraging an increafing of (hipping and navigation) ; it is, amongft other things, enabled, That from and after the firft day of December, one thoufand (ix hundred and fixty, and from thenceforward, no goods or commodities whatfoever (hall be imported into, or exported out of, any lands, iflands, plantations, or territories, to his Majefty belonging, or in his poflef-lion, or which may thereafter belong unto, or be in the poffef* fion of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, in Afia, Africa, of America, in any other fhip or (hips* veffel or veffels whatfoever, but fuch (hips and veffels as did truly and without fraud belong Only to the people of England or Ireland, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, or were of the built of, or belong* ing to, any of the faid lands, iflands, plantations, or territories, as the proprietors and tight owners thereof; and whereof the matter and three-fourths of the mariners at leaft were Englijb, under the penalty of the forfeiture and lofs of all the goods and commodities which (hould be imported into, or exported out of, any of the aforefaid places, in any other fhip or veflil, as alfo of the (hip or veffel, with all its guns, furniture, tackle, ammunition, and apparel; one-third part thereof to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors ; one-third part to the governor of fuch land, plantation, ifland, or territory, where fuch default (hould be committed, in cafe the faid (hip or goods be there feized, or otherwife; that third part alfo to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other third part to him or them who (hould feize, inform, or fue for the fame, in any court of record, by bill, information, plaint, or other action, wherein no effoin, protection, or wager of law, (hould be allowed ; and all admirals and other commanders at fea, of any of the lhips of war, or other (hips having commiflion from hi§ Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, were thereby authorifed and drift!) required, to feize and bring in as prize, all fuch (hips or veffels as (hall have offended contrary hereunto, and deliver them to the court of admiralty, there to be proceeded againft; and in cafe of condemnation, one moiety of fuch forfeiture (hall be to the ufe of fuch admirals or commanders, and their companies, to be divided and proportioned amongft them, according to the rules and orders of the fea, in cafe of (hips taken prize, and the other moiety to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors : and it is alfo by the faid aft further enafted, That no alien or per-fon not within the allegiance of our fovereign lord the King, his heirs and fucceffors, or naturalized or made a free denizen, (ha!!, from and after the firft day of February, which (hould be in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred and fixty-one,

ex-

Digitized by v^.ooQle

1773*3 -Anno dedmo tertio Georgii III. exercife the trade or occupation of a merchant pr fadtor in any of the raid places upon the pain of the forfeiture and lofs of all his goods and chattels, or which are in his poffeflion, one-third to ms Majefty, his heirs and fucccfiors, one-third to the governor of the plantation where fuch perfon (hall fo offend, and the other third to him or them that (hall inform or fue for the lame, in any of his Majefty’s courts in the plantation where fqch offence (hall be committed : and whereas by one other aft of parliament* made and pafted in the feventh and eighth years of the and 7 & g reign cf bis late Majefty King William the Third* (intituled, An Gut.I. recited* ad for preventing maids, and regulating abufes, in the plantation trade), it is amongft other things, enadted, That after the twenty-fifth day of Anarch* one thoufand fix hundred and ninety-eight, no goods or merchandifes whatfoever (hall be imported into, or exported out of, any colony or plantation to his Majefty in Afia* Africa* or America* belonging, or in his poffef-fion, or which may hereafter belong unto, or be in the poffef-fion of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors', as (hall be laden in, or carried from, any one port or place in the faid colonies or plantations to any other port or place in the fame, the kingdom of England* dominion of Wales* or town of Berwick upon Tweed, in any (hip or bottom, but what is or (hall be of the built of England* or of the built of Ireland* or the faid colonies or plantations, and wholly owned by the people thereof, or any of them, and navigated with the mafters and three-fourths of the mariners pf the faid places only, (except fuch (hips only as are or (hall be taken as prize, and condemnation thereof made in one of the courts of admiralty in England,

Jrdand* or the faid colonies or plantations), to be navigated by the matter and three-fourths of the mariners Enghjh* or of the (aid plantations as aforefaid, and whereof the property did belong to Englijbmen ;and alfo, except for the fpace of three years, fuch foreign-built (hips as (hould be employed by the commiflioners of his Majefty’s navy for the time being, or upon cootradl with them, in bringing only mails, timber, and other naval (lores, for the King’s Tervice, from his Majefty’s colonies or plantations to this kingdom, to be navigated as aforefaid, and whereof the property doth belong to Englijbmen; under pain of forfeiture of (hip and goods, one-third whereof to be to the life of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, one-third part to the governor of the faid colonies or plantations, and the other third part to the peFfon who (hall inform or fue for the lame, by bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at JVeftminfter* or in any court in his Majefty’s plantations, where fuch offence (hall be committed ; and it is by thedaid laft-recjted ad further enadted. That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March* one thoufand fix hundred and ninety-eight, no (hip or vcffel whatfoever (hall be deemed or pals as a (hip of the built of England* Ireland* Wales* Berwick,

Guemfey* Jerfey* or any of his Majefty’s plantations in America, fo as to be qualified to trade to, from, or in, any of the planta-Voi.XXX.	D	-tU>nsf

Digitized by v^»ooQle

Anno declmo tertio Georgiii III. c.26..	[1773.

tions, until the perfon or perfons claiming property in fuch fhip or veflel (hall regifter the fame as followeth; that is to fay, if the (hip, at the time of fuch regifter, doth belong to any port in England, Ireland, Wales, or to the town of Berwick upon Tweedy then proof (hall be made, upon oath, of one or more of the owners of fuch (hip or veflel before the colledor and comptroller of his Majefty’s cuftoms in fuch port; or if at the time of fuch regifter the (hip belong to any of his Majefty’s plantations in America, or to the illands of Guernfy or Jerfey, then the like proof to be made before the governor, together with the principal officer of his Majefty’s revenue redding on fuch plantation or ifland; which oath the faid governor and officers of the cuftoms refpetfively are thereby authorifed to adminifter in the tenor following j videlicety

JURAT A. B. That the /hip

of

[name]

[port J	whereof

is at prefent majler, [kind of built ]	of

[burthen	tons,	was built at

[place where]

[time when]

[owners name]

v	end	0/etcetera, are at

prefent owners thereof; and that no foreigner, direflly or indirectly y hath any /hare or part or intereji therein•

J

f matter's name] being a

in the year and that Of

Which oath being attefted by the governor or cuftomhoufe officer refpe&ively, who adminiftered the fame under their hands and feals, (hall, after having been regiftertd by them, be delivered to the matter of the (hip, for the fecurity of her navigation, a duplicate of which regifter (hall be immediately tranf-mitted to the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in the port of London, in order to be entered in a general regifter to be there kept for this purpofe; with penalty upon any (hip or veflel trading to, from, or in any of hi* Majefty’s plantations in America, after the faid twenty-fifth day of Marchy and not having made proof of her built and property, as is here directed, that (he ihall be liable, and (he is thereby made liable to fuch profecu-tion and forfeiture, as any foreign (hip, (except prizes condemned in the high court of admiralty), would for trading with thefe plantations by fuch law be liable to: and it is alfo further enabled, That no (hip’s name regiftered ihall be afterwards changed without regiftering fuch (hip de novoy which is thereby required to be done, upon any transfer of property to another port, and delivering up the former certificate to be cancelled, under the fame penalties, and in the like manner as is thereinbefore directed; and that in cafe there be any alteration of property in the fame port, by the fale of one or more (hares of any ihip, after regiftering thereof, fuch fale (hall always be acknowledged by indorfement on the certificate of the regifter, before

- two

Digitized by

Google

1773-3 Aqno dedmo tcrtio Georgii III. c. 27,-30;

two witnefles, in order to prove that the entire property in fuch ibip remains in fome of the fubjedts of England, if any difpute arifes concerning the fame: and whereas, notwithflanding the /aid goad and wbolefome laws, many inconveniencies have arifen, and may hereafter arife> by foreigners, *r other perfons not natural-born fub~ jefts of bis majejiy> becoming poffejfed of and intitled unto> any part or Jbare of any Britifh Jbip or vejfel whatfoever, belonging only to natural-born fubjefls of his Majejly> whereby the other part owners rf fucb Jbip or vejfel cannot obtain the regijler required by the find a& of the fevtntb and eighth years of bis faid late majejh King William the Thirds for the ficurity of the navigation of Juch Jbip or vejffely whereby the trade and commerce of this kingdom hath been and may be greatly hindered and obftruRcd: for remedy whereof, may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enadted; and be it ena&ed by the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of* the lame. That no foreigner or other perfon or perfons No foreigner whatfocvqr, not being a natural-born fubjedl of his Majefty, his f°contradfor heirs or fticceftbrs, (hall be intitled to or Ihall purchafe or con- Brmih^dp * trad for any part or parts, (bare or (hares, of any Brfijb (hip without the or veflel whatfoever, belonging only to natural-born fubjedts of confent of the his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, without the confent in ^rnerL?rtte writing of the owner or owners of three-fourth parts in value ofths value at leaft of fuch (hip or veflel, for that purpofc firft had and obtained, and indorfed on the certificate of the regifter of fuch (hip before two witnefles ; and all agreements, contracts, purchafes, and fales, of any part or (hare of any Britijb (hip or veflel, belonging only to natural-born fubjedts of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, made, entered into, contradted for, or concluded by any fuch foreigner or other perfon or perfons not being a natural-bom fubiedt or fubjedls of his Majefty, his heirs or fuc-ceflors, without fuch confent firft had and obtained, and indorfed as aforefaid, (hall be, and are hereby declared to be abfolutely null and void, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.

Cap. xxvii.

Aa aft for the moreeafy aod fpeedy recovery of fmall debts, within the .	'

city ana county of the city of Exeter.

cap. xxvra.

An ift for deepening, deanfiog, aod making more commodious the harbours of the town of Greenock ) for fupplying the inhabitants with freOi and wbolefome water; and for paving, deanfing, lighting, and watching the ftreets, and other pubKck places, within the faid town.

CAP. XXIX.

An aft for deepening**clcanfmg, and making more commodious, the harbour of Aberdeen; for erecting nejjr piers and (quays therein ; and for regulating lhips and vcflels trading into, and going out of, the faid harbour.

CAP. XXX.

An aft for the better regulation and government of the pilots conducing (bspe and vtfleia to and out of the port* of King's Lynn, and of the

D a	bridge*

,6	Anno	decimo	tertio	GeoRGII	III.	c.31.	[1773.

bridgemen conducting gangs of lighters or barges to and from the fame \ and for laying down moorings in the harbour of the Cud port, and for preventing mifchiefs by fire therein.

CAP. XXXI.

An aft for the more effeftual execution of the criminal laws in the two parts of the united kingdom.

Preamble.	^TTTHERE AS it frequently happens that felons, and other ma-

VV lefaflorsj in tbat part of Great Britain called England, mate their efcape into tbat part of Great Britain called Scotland; and alfo that felons^ and other malefafters^ in tbat part of Great Britain called Scotland, make their efcape into tbat part of Great Britain called England; whereby their offences often remain unpu-nijbed^ there being no fufficient provifion, by the laws of either of the two parts of the united Tangiom for apprehending fuch offenders, and tranfmitting them into that tart of the united kingdom in which their offences were committed: tor remedy thereof, may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enadted; and be it enadted by the King’s molt excellent maiefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the paffing of this ad, if any Pterfons a- perfon or perfons, againft whom a warrant (hall be iffiied by gainft whom any juftice or juftices of peace of any county, riding, divifion, •Jr*city> liberty, town, or place, within that part of Great Britain IHces in Eng-	England,	for any crime or offence againft the laws of that

land, for of? part of the united kingdom, (hall efcape, go into, refide^ or be fences, who in any place of that part of Great Britain called Scotland, it (hall fhail efcape in- an(j may	]awfu] for the (heriff, or fteward-depute, or fubftt-

maytecon- tutc’ or any Ju^cc °f peace of the county or place where ▼eyed into * fuch perfon or perfons (hall efcape, go into, refide, or be, to that county indone his name on the faid warrant; which warrant, fo in-where the of- dorfed, (hall be a fufficient authority to the perfon or perfons mined^ bv^e bringing fuch warrant, and to all perfons to whom fuch warrant iuiticef(&c. was originally diredted ; and alfo to all fheriffs officers, ftewards in Scotland, officers, conftables, and other peace officers of the county or who are to in-place where fuch warrant (hall be fo indorfed, to execute the namwonfuchwarrant in th® county or place where it is fo indorfed, by warrants. UCD apprehending the perfon or perfons againft whom fuch wanrant is granted, and to convey him, her, or them, into the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, of that part of Great Britain called England, being adjacent to that part of Great Britain called Scotland, in which the crime was committed, and before one of the juftices of peace of fuch county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, to be (here dealt with according to law: or, in cafe the crime was committed in a county not next adjacent to that part of Great Britain called Scotland; then, and in every fuch cafe, to convey him, her, or them, into any county of that part of Great Britain called jEngland, next adjacent to that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and before one of the juftices of peace of fuch county, which 2	jufticc

Digitized by v^ooQle

37

1773*] Anno dechno tertio Georgii III. c.31.

jufticc of peace is hereby authorifed and required to proceed with regard to fuch perfon or perfons, in the manner directed by an adt made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his majcfty King George the Second, intituled. An aft for amending end mating more effeftual a claufe in an aft> pajfed in the lajl fcjfton of parliament, for the apprehending of perfons in any county or place, upon warrants granted by juftices of the peace of any other county or place, as if the faid perfon or perfons had been apprehended in the (aid county.

II. Andy for remedy of the like inconvemencyy by the efcape s/Verfont guilty per font guilty of crimes in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, of like cnmet be it farther enadted by the authority aforefoid, That, from and5n Scotland, after the palling of this adt, if any perfon or perfons, againft whom a warrant (hall be iifued by the lord juftice general, lord returned, juftice clerk, or any of the lords commiffioners of judiciary, or by any (heriff, or fteward-depute, or fubftitute, or juftice of the peace of that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for any crime or offence againft the laws of that part of the united kingdom,

(hall efcape, go into, refide, or be, in any place of that part of Great Britain called England, it fhall and may be lawful for any juftice of peace of the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, where Tuch perfon or perfons (hall efcape, go into, refide, or be, to indorle his name on the faid warrant; which warrant, fo indorfed, (hall be a fufficient authority to the perfon or perfons bringing fuch warrant, and to all perfons to whom fpch warrant was originally directed; and alfo to all conftables, or pther peace officers of the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, where fuch warrant (hall be fo inaorfed, to execute the faid warrant in the county, riding,

(Jivifion, city, liberty, town, or place, where it is fo indorfed, by apprehending the perfon or perfons againft whom fuch warrant is granted, and to convey him, her, or them, into the county or place of that part of Great Britain called Scotland, being adjacent to that part of Great Britain called England where the crime was committed; and before the (herifF, or fteward-depute, or fubftitute, or one of the juftices of the peace of fuch county or place, to be there dealt with according to law: or it} cafe the crime was committed in a county not next adjacent {o that part of Great Britain called England; then, and in fuch cafe, to convey him, her, or them, into any county of that part of Great Britain called Scotland, next adjacent to that part of Great Britain called England, and before the (heriff, or ftew-atf-depute, cr fubftitute, or one of the juftices of the peace <?f fuch county; which (heriff, fteward, or juftice of the peace, is hereby required to proceed with regard to fuch perfon or perfons according to the rules and pra&ice of the law of Scotland, as if the faid perfon or perfons had been apprehended in the faid

county.

III. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore&id. Expence of That the expence of removing prifoners as aforefaid, (hall be removing pri-repaid to the perfon defraying the fame by the tretfurcr of *hefoller* {*

%	n	3	county	detra>ed	b*

Digitized by

Google

depute in Scotland*

Per font who (ball have

united kingdom, nuv be indi&ed tor theft.

38	Anno	decimo	tertio GEORGn rfl. c.32.	[1773-

the trttfurtr county of that part of Great Britain called England, or by the in EneUndlor	of fteward-depute, or fubftitute, of the county of that

by the (heriif- Part °f Great Britain called Scotland* in which the crime was '	committed,	the	amount of that expence being previoufly afcer-

tained by an account thereof, verified upon oath before two of the juftices of the peace of fuch county, and allowed and figned by them.

IV.	And whereas it frequently happens in both parts of the united kingdom* that perfons having ftolen or otberwijh felomoufly taken a-

to in^thtr wa*	cattle, goods,	or other effeds* carry the fame into the other

part of the Part *f the united kingdom* and there have the faid money, cattle, goods* or other effects* in their poffeffon or cuftody; and doubts have been entertained, whether they could be indicted and tried in that part of the united kingdom* as the original offence was not there committed; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the pafling of this ad, if any perfon or perfons having ftolen, or otherwife felonioufly taken money, cattle, goods, or other effeds, in either part of the united kingdom, mall afterwards have the fame money, cattle, goods, or other effects, or any part thereof, in his, her, or their pofTeflion or cuftody, in the other part of the united kingdom, it (hall and may be lawful to indid, try, and jpbnifli fuch perfon or perfons for theft br larceny in that part of the united kingdom where he, (he, or they, (hall fo have fuch money, cattle, goods, or other effeds, in his, her, or their pofleffion or cuftody, as if the faid money, cattle, goods, or other effeds, had been ftolen in that part of the united kingdom.

V.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,That if any perfon or perfons, in either part of the united kingdom, (hall hereafter receive or have any money, cattle, goods, or other effeds, ftolen, or otherwife felonioufly taken, in the

ing the fame other part of the united kingdom, knowing the feme to be ^(bTikUeto ^°^cn’ or olhcrwife felonioufly taken, every fuch perfon or per-*	fons	(hall be liable to be indided, tried, and punifhed for fuch

offence in that part of the united kingdom where he, (he, or they, (hall fo receive or have the faid moneys cattle, goods, or other effeds, in the fame manner, to all intents and purpofes, as if the faid money, cattle, goods, or other effeds, had been originally ftolen, or otherwife felonioufly taken, in that part of the united kingdom.

CAP. XXXII.

An ad for repealing fo much of an aft, made in the twenty-third year of bis late Majefty King George the Second* as relates to the preventing the ftealing or deftroying of turnips \ and for the more effe dually preventing the ftealing or deftroying of turnips* potatoes* cabbages* parfnips3 paafey and carrots

WHEREAS the cultivation of turnips* potatoes* cabbages, par flips* peaft* and carrots* is of great confluence to this kingdom* and the lews in being are ineffectual for preventing the

Digitized by

Receivers of money, to. in either part of the kingdom, know

be punilhed.

1773*1 Anno d&3mo tertio^GfioRGii HI. 0.32.'	39

JUaBng and deftroying tbe fame; be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the firft day of Jum> one thoufand fcven bun- After Janet, dred and feventy-three, if any perfon (hall ileal and take away, *773* Perfons ormalidoufly pull up or deftroy, any turnips, potatoes, cab- nfM^Soes bages, parfnips, peafe, or carrots, growing or being in any gar- cabbagett&c* den, lands, or grounds, open or inclofed, and (hall be thereof from any gar* convided before any iuftice or juftices of the peace for the denjands.&c. county or place where the offence (hall be committed, either by Pontic-thcconfeffion of the party offending, or by the oath of orte^iubefidethe or more credible witnefs or witnefles, (which oath fuch jufticc value of the or juftices is and are hereby impowerea to adminifter,) every goods ftolen* perfon fo offending,' and being convidled as aforefaid, (hall forfeit and pay, upon fuch convi&ion, fuch fiun of money not exceeding the fum of ten (hillings, over and above the value of the goods (lolen, as to fuch juflice ot juftices (hall feem meet; which fum of money (hall be diftributed between the owner of fuch turnips, potatoes, cabbages, parfnips, peafe, or carrots, and the overfeers of the poor, or other perfons having the charge and difpofal of the funds of the poor of fuch parifti or place where the offence (hall be committed, for the ufe of the poor of fuch parifh or place, in fuch proportion as fuch jufticc or juftices (hall think fit; or the whole of fuch Turns (hall be given to the owner of fuch turnips, potatoes, cabbages, parfnips, peafe, or carrots, or to the overfeers of the poor, or other perfons having the charge and difpofal of the funds for the ufe of the poor of fuch parifti or place, according to the difcretion of fuch juftice or juftices : and in default of payment of fuch penalty, of which the offender hath been convidted as aforefaid, fuch juftice or juftices (hall and may commit fuch offender to the houfe of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one calendar month, unlefs» fuch penalty (hall be fooner paid or fatisfied: and if the offence is committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, fuch juftice or juftices (hall and may commit fuch offender to prifon, there to remain for any time not exceeding one calendar ' month, unlefs fuch penalty (hall be fooner paid or fatisfied: and the bringing the offender or offenders before fuch juftice or juftices of the peace may be done, and the proceedings againft offenders, under the authority of this a£t, may be carried on, in the moft fummary manner.

II. And, for tbe more eafy tonviftion of perfom offending againft Informations this off% be itenaded by the authority aforefaid. That in all of owners to informations, and other proceedings for any of the offencesand aforefaid, the evidence of the owner or a.wners of fuch turnips,a owc # potatoes, cabbages, parfnips, peafe, or carrots, and of the inhabitants of the parifti or place where the offence (hall be committed, (hall betaken and allowed ; any law, cuftotn, rule, order, or ulage, to the contrary notwiihftaading.

D 4	III. Provided

Digitized by

Googk

40	Anno dccimo tertio Georoii III. c.32. [1773*

Whereconvic- III. Provided always. That where any fuch convidHon (hall j*onbe upon the oath of the owner or owners, the whole of the owners, the Penalty or forfeiture (hall be paid to the overfeer or overfeers of forfeiture to be the poor for the pari(h or place where the offence (hall be corn-paid to the mitted, for the ufc of the poor of fuch pari(h or place, overfeers of IV. And% for the more eafy and fpeedy conviftion of offenders r	againft	this aft, be it further enadtea, That all and every the

S^drawn^n0 Ju®cc or juices of the peace, before whom any perfon or per-the following f°ns (hall be convidted of any offence againft this aft, (hall and form.	may caufe the conviftion to be drawn up in the following form

of words, or in any form of words to the fame effedt, as the cafe (hall happen, videlicet:

BE it remembered, That on the	day	of

in the year of our Lord A. B. having been brought before me% or having been duly fummoned, and not having appeared, or having appeared, (as the cafe may happen,) and having confejfed, or being con-trifled, (as the cafe may happen,) of the charge exhibited againft him, is duly eonvifted before me C. D. one of his Majefty's juftices of the peace for the county of	(fpecifying

the offence, and the time and pl?ce, when and where the fame was committed, as the cafe (hall be.] Given under my hand and fealy the day and year aforefaid.

Provifo.	V.	Provided alwpys, That no perfon (hall be profecuted fo*

any fuch offence, unlefs fuch profecution be begun within thirty days after the offence committed.

Aft,*} Geo. vL And beit further enafted, That fo much of an aft, made in farae^dates to twenty-third year of the reign of his late majefty King George the dealing the Second, intituled. An aft to continue feveral laws for the better turnips,	regulating of pilotsfor the edndufting ofJhips and veffels from Dover,

Deal, and Ifle of Thanet, up the river of Thames and Medway 5 and for permitting rum or fpirits of the Britifli fugar plantations to be landed before the duties of exdje are paid thereon; and ta continue and amend an aft for preventing frauds in the admeajure-mint of coals within the city and liberty of Weftminfter, and feveral parijbes near thereunto; and to continue feveral laws for preventing exaftions of occupiers of locks and weirs upon the river Thames weft-ward, and for ofeertaining the rates of water carriage upon the faid river; and for the better regulation and government of feamcn in the merchants fervice; and aljo to amend fo much of an aft, made in the firft year of the reign of King George the Firft, as relates ta the better prefervation of falmon in the river Ribble; and to regulate fees in trials at affixes, and nifi prius, upon records ijfuing out of the office of pleas of the court of exchequer; and for the apprehending of perfons in any tounty or place, upon warrants granted byt juftices of the peace in any other county or place; and to repeal fa much of an aft, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second\ as relates to the time during which the office of excife is to be kept open each day, and ta. appoint far bow long time

the

Digitized by Google

1773*1 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 33.'	41

tbs famJbaU be kept open upon each day for the future; and to pre-	after the

yat the fteating or deftroying of turnips ; and to amend an aft* made in the fecondtear of bis prefent Majefty* for better regulation of at- a&# 1* refer/:/*; end folicitors; fo far as the fame relates to the dealing of peeled. ,/umips; (hall, from and after the commencement of this pre-fcnt a&, be repealed.

CAP. XXXIII.

Jin oft to extend the proviftons of an all* made in tie fixtb year of bis prejent Majeftfs reign* (intituled* An a& for Ac better prefervation of timber trees, and of woods and underwoods •, and for the further prefer-vation of roots, fhrubs, and plants,) to poplar* alder* maple* larch* and hornbeam.

WHEREAS by an aft* pajfed in the ftxthyear of his prefent Preamble.

Majeftys reign* (intituled* An a<5l for the better preferv- A& 6 Geo. 3; ation of timber trees, and of woods and underwoods; and for the further prefervation of roots, fhrubs, and plants,) it was enafied* That every perfon who Jbould wilfully cut or break down* berk* bum* pbuk up* lop* top* crop* or otberwife deface* damage* fpoil* or defiroy* or carry away* any timber tree or trees* likely to become timber* or any part thereof* or the lops or tops thereof * with* wt ibe cenfent of the owner or owners thereof firft bad and obtained*

#r in any of his Majefty's for efts or chafes* without the confent of the fitrvtyor or fwrveyors* or his or their deputy or deputies* or perfon or perfons intrujlei with the care of the fame* and Jbould be thereof convifted* upon the oath of one or more Credible witnefs or witneffes* before any one or more of bis Majeftys juftices for the county* city* riding* divifton* djflrift* or place* wherein fuch offence jbould be command* Jbould, fir the firft offence* forfeit and pay fuch fum of money* not exceeding twenty pounds* as to Juch juftice or juftices Jbould flm meet* together with the charges previous to and attending fuch cmifiion* to be afeertained by fuch juftice or juftices who Jbould convict the offender j and upon non-payment thereof * fuch juftice pr juftices Jbould commit the offender to the common gaol of the county or place where the offence Jbould be committed* there to remain without bail or mainprize* for any time not exceeding twelve months* nor lefts than fix months* or until the penalty and charges Jbould be paid; and if any perfon fo convtfted Jbould be guilty of the like offence a ftecmd time* and Jbould be thereof convtfted in like manner* juch per-ften Jbould forfeit and pay fuch fum of money* not exceeding thirty pounds* as to fuch juftice or juftices Jbould feem meet* together with the charges previous to and attending fuch conviftion* to b$ afeertained by fuch juftice or juftices who Jbould convift the offender; and* upon nonpayment thereof* fuch juftice or juftices Jbould commit the offender to the common gaol of the county or place where the offence Jbould be committed* there to remain without bail or mainprize* for any time not exceeding eighteen months* nor lefs than twelve months* or until the penalty and charges Jbould be paid; and if any perfon fo mviftti Jbould be guilty of the like offence a third time* atyd Jboul^

'	b

Digitized by LjOOQie

42

Anno decimo tertio Geokgii IIL c. 33. [1773.

be thereofconvifted in tike manner, fuch perfon Jhouli be deemed guilty of felony,	the court by and before whomfucb perfonJhouli be triedyJbould

and thertby bad authority to tranfport fucb perfon or perfonsy for the Jpace of feven years, to anv of bis Majejlys plantations in America, in like manner as other felons are dir efted to be tranfported by the lows and ftatutes of this realm: and by the faid aft it was enafted, That all oaky beech, chefnut, walnut, ajby elmy cedar, y?r, afpy time, fycamorey and birch treesy Jbould be deemed and taken to be timber trees» within the true meaning and provifon of the faid aft: and whereat doubts have arifen fmee the pajfing the faid afty whether any trees Jhall be. deemed and taken to be timber treesy ether than fucb as are declared fo to bo in the faid aft: newt for the better preferva-tion of the feveral uftful and valuable timber trees bereafter men-tioneay cafually omitted to be mentioned in the faid afty be it enaCted by the King’s mod excellent maiefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefeht parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the trees called poplar, alder, larch, maple, and hornbeam, (hall alfo be deemed and taken to be timber trees, immediately after the firft day of Mayy one thoufand After May 1, feven hundred and feventy-three: and all and every perform Wi.	or perfons who (hall after the faid firft day of Mayy one thou-

raaple and ^an<* ^cven hundred and feventy-three next, willfully cut or break hornbeam, to down, bark, bum, pluck up, lop, top, crop, or otherwife de-be deemed face, damage, fpoil, or deftrey, or carry away any poplar, al-timbertree*. der, larch} maple, and hornbeam, or anv part thereof, or the Penalty on de-lops or tops thereof, without the confent of the owner or ftroying any owners thereof firft had and obtained, or of feme perfon in-thc* fame^as^or tru^e<* w^h the care of fuch tree or trees, fuch perfon or per-other timber f°ns if found guilty of any offence or offences, be con-trees.	viCted in like manner as perfons are directed fo to be, for of-

fences of the like kind, concerning trees deemed timber trees* in the above in-part recited a<$ 5 and upon fuch conviction or convictions (hall be liable to all and every the penalties, forfeitures, and punifhments therein inflated for any fuch like offence otf offences ; and all and every juftice and juft ices of the peace is and are hereby authorifed, on complaint made to him or them of' any offence or offences, to adminifter oaths, and to proceed in like manner to conviction and punilhment of every offender againft this aCt, as fully and effectually as if the faid trees hereby declared, deemed, and taken to be timber trees, had been exprefsly fo deemed and declared to be in the faid aCt paired in the fixth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign; and fuch conviction and convictions (hall be certified by the juftice or. juftices before whom the fame (hall be made to the next quar-ter-feflions of the peace to be hohlen for the county wherein fuch offence or offences were committed, in the form of words, pr to that effeCt, directed by the faid aCt; and all and every tho. Forfeitures for offences againft this aCt (hall be paid and applied in the manner forfeitures are directed to be paid in the faid re-fited aCt.*

CAP-

* . •

Digitized by L^ooQle

42

*773*3 -A000 decimo tertio GeoRGII III. 0.34,-38.

CAP. XXXIV.

Aa ad for paving, lighting, and cleanfing the ftreets, lanes, and places within the town of Brignthelmftone, in the county of Suflex $ for removing nuifances and annoyances, and preventing the like for the future; tor holding and regulating a market within the faid town $ for building and repairing groyns, in order to render the coaft fafe and commodious for (hips or veflels to unload and land fea-coal, culm, and other coal, for the ufe of the inhabitants of the faid town j and for laying a duty thereon, and for other purpofes.

CAP. XXXV.

An ad for railing a farther fum of money for the purpofe of rebuilding the common gaol of the county of Eflex.

CAP. XXXVI.

An id to amend an AEt, palled in the ninth pear of hit prelent Ma-jefty, intituled, An aft for laying open and widening certain ways and pafuges, in the town of Birmingham ; and for deanfing and lighting the ftreets, lanes, ways, and pafTages there j and for removing and preventing nuifances and obftru&ions therein $ and for widening certain other ftreet* and places j for eftablifhing a nightly watch j and for regulating carts and carmen employed in the faid town.

cap. xxxvn.

An ad for making and extending the navigation of the river Bure, (commonly called the North River,) by and from Coltifhal! to Aylfham . Bridge, in the county of Norfolk.

C A P. XXXVIII.

An 08 to incorporate certain perfons therein named\ and their fucceffors, with proper powers for the purpofe of eftablijh-tug one or more glafs manufactories within the kingdom of Great Britain; and for the more effectually fupporting and conducting the fame upon an improved plan, in a peculiar manner, calculated for the caftingof large plate glafs.

WHEREAS the eftablifbment of a glafs manufactory in Great Preamble Britain, upon an improved pirn, in a peculiar manner, cat-minted for the cafting of plate glafs y would be of great benefit and utility to this kingdom, and may tend, as well to increafe the publick revenue arifing from the duties laid thereony as to improve the prefent method of making plate glafs, which is not brought to a fate of per-fefiion equal to that in foreign countries: and whereas fuch manse-faflory cannot be ejlabtijhed without great rifk in the undertaking, and without a very large exptncey nor can be conveniently carried ony unlefs a mjiderable joint flock is raiftd for that purpofe: and whereas fe-veral perfons have already formed tbemfehes into a focietyy and Jub-feribed confederate fums% and purebafed materials, and engaged proper perfonsy for the purpofe of eftablifbing and carrying, on the faid manufactory \ but fuch perfons are apprehenfive that difficulties may arifty as well in recovering debts which may grow due to the pro* prietors of the faid manufa&oryy as alfo in defending fuits or actions which may be commenced or brought again ft the feud proprietors for any matter or thing relative to the faid manufactory% as by law all

Armo decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 38. [1773;

the feveral proprietors and fubfcribers to the /aid manufactory muji in fuch cafes both fue and be fued, implead and be impleaded) by tbeir feveral and diflinft names and deferiptions 5 and therefore, for the more eafdy carrying on the manufacture, and avoiding the difficulties aforefaidy are defrosts of being incorporated, and having a common Jeal and name, by which they may fue and be fued: and whereas many perfons who are not now liable to become bankrupts, within the intent and meaning of any of the laws now in force concerning bank-rupts9 are likewife fearful of fubjeribing money to carry on the faid manufacture, as by becoming fubfcribers to9 and part owners thereof \

% they may be liable to have commjpons of bankrupt iffued againjt them as traders; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be ena&ed ; and be it ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament af-fpmbled, and by the authority of the fame. That the right honourable John Stuart9 commonly called Lord Mount ftuart9 the honourable major general Charles Fitzroy, Herbert Mackworthy Peregrine Cuft% fbomas Dundas, Robert Palk, JJhn Mackayy Philip ftffleck9 James Mowbray, Robert Digby9 Angus Mac(ay% Henry Dagge9 Albany ft*allis9	Hajtings9	Ranald	MacDo-

nald, Thomas Davenport, AJheton Curzon9 John Qq/ben9 Thomas Potter9 Thomas Durelly Stephen Cecfar Lemaifire9 and Henry Erringtont efquires, and every other perfon or perfons who (hall hereafter, either in their own right, or as executors, ad-miniftrators, fucceffors, or affigns, in right of any other perfon or perfons become proprietors of, or interefted in any part or (hare of the joint capital (lock or fund herein-after mentioned, (hall he one diftinCt and feparate body politick and corporate, in deed and in name, by the name and ftile of The Governor and Company of Britiih-caft Plate-Glafs Manufacturers, and that by the fame name they (hall have fucceflion and a common fcal; and that they and their fucceflors may, from time to time, break, alter, make new, or change (bch common Tea!, as (hall be found moft expedient; and that fuch corporation (hall be able and capable in law, and (hall have perfect and fuH power and ability in law to have, purchafe, receive, take, and enjoy, to them and their fucceffors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, of wh$t kind, nature, or quality foever, for file ufe of the faid manufactory, notwithftanding the ftatute$ of mortmain, fd as the fame do not exceed the yearly value of five hundred pounds; and any perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, may give, grant, bargain, fell, or convey, to the faid company of proprietors, any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, for the pfe and benefit of the (aid manufactory, fo as the fame do not exceed the annual vakfe aforefaid, without licenfe of alienation in mortmain ; and that fuch corporation (hall have power and ability in law to grant, fell, demife* alien, or difpofe of fuch lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any part thereof, at their freewill and pleafure; and, in their corporate name, (hall and may bcabJc and capable in

law

Digitized by v^,ooQle

**773*1 Anno dcdmo tcrdo Georgii III. c. 38* law to fue and implead, be fued and impleaded, anfwer and be anfwered, in any court of record, or elfewhere, in all caufea and actions wbatfoever, for, touching or concerning the faid corporation, or the manufactory by them carried on, as afore* laid.

H. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That Company may it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch corporation to raife raifc a joint a capital joint ttock, to be applied for the carrying on the faid ftock* manufacture, not exceeding the fum of forty thoufand pounds, at loch times, and in fuch proportion, as at any general court or courts of fuch corporation, to be bolden in pursuance of this ad, (hall be directed $ and that the fame be divided into fuch number of (hares as hercin-after mentioned, each (hare not exceeding the fum of five hundred pounds: and that no perfon fubfcribing thereto, or becoming a proprietor of fuch manufactory, do become a proprietor of Ids than one (hare, or more than twelve (hares, cither in his or her own name, or in the name of any other perfon or perfons in truft for him or her,

(except the fame (hall come to him or her by devife, bequeft, marriage, or aCt of law,) upon pain of foreiting to the faid company of proprietors all fuch (hares, exceeding twelve (hares, as aforefaid j and the money fo to be. raifed, is hereby directed and appointed to be applied, in the firft place, for and towards the payment, difcharge, and fatisfaCrion, of the expences hitherto incurred on account of the eftablifhing the (aid manufactory, and preparatory to the palling of this aCt, and alfo the expences to be incurred in the patting thereof, and the refidue of fuch monies (hall be applied in and about the bufinefs of the laid manufactory.

III.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That joint flock to the laid fum of forty thou&nd pounds, or fuch part thereof as be divided (hall be raifed by the feveral perfons herein-before named, or mto *h*rC1, by fuch other perfon or perfons who (hall or may hereafter become proprietor or proprietors of the faid manufacture, (hall be divided into eighty (hares, at a price not exceeding the fum of five hundred pounds for every fuch (hare, and that the faid eighty (hares (hall be, and are hereby vetted in the feveral per-fons hcrein-before deferibed, and their feveral and refpeCtive executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, and afligns, to their and every of their proper ufe and benefit, proportionally to the fom they and each of them (hall feverally fubferibe and pay thereunto, and all and every the faid (hares (hall be deemed to be pcribnal eftate, and tranfmiflible as fucb, and not of the nature of real property; and all and every perfon and perfons, their feveral and refpeCtive executors, adminittrators, and afligns, who (hall feverally fubferibe and pay in the fum of fiVe hundred pounds, or fuch fum or fums as (hall be demanded in part thereof, towards the ettablifliing and carrying on the faid undertaking, (hall be intituled to, and receive the entire and neat diftribution of one-eightieth part of the pro6ts and advantages that (hall and may arife and accrue by virtue of the fum

Jntereft to be paid till the profits can be divided.

Perfons fub-fcribing may vote at meeting*.

Books to be

Jirovided for ubicripiions.

Anno dedmo tcrtio GfeoRGii HI. c. 38. [1773: and Aims of money to be raifed, recovered, or received, by the authority of this adt 5 and fo in proportion for any greater number of (hares, not exceeding twelve (hares as aforefaid; and every perfon or perfons, having fuch property of one-eightieth part or (hare in the faid undertaking, and fo in proportion as aforefaid, (hall bear and pay a proportionable fum of money towards carrying on the faid undertaking, in manner herein-after enaCted, directed, and appointed.

IV.	And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid company of proprietors, their fiiccefibrs or afiigns, and they are hereby required, out of the money to be railed as aforefaid, until the faid manufactory (hall be fo. eftabliihed, that the profits arifing therefrom are fuffident to make a dividend equal to on intereft of five pounds per centum on the capital advanced, to pay uqto all and every the (aid proprietors, their feveral and refpedtive fuccefiors, executors, adminiftrators, or afiigns, who ihall feverally pay in or fubfcribe any fum or fums or money, for and towards the carrying on and eftablifiiing the faid manufactory, an intereft for fuch fum or fums as they (hall refpec-tively pay in, after the rate of five pounds for every one hundred pounds for one year, from the time that each of fuch fum or fums (hall be refpedtively advanced as afordaid, and be paid and payable at fuch place or places as (hall be agreed on stnd appointed for that purpofe, at the firft general meeting of the laid company, of proprietors, to be held as herein-after is mentioned.

V.	Andy to the end that all matters or things touching or relating to the ejlablijbing and carrying on the faid manufactory may he managed and conducted in. the moft beneficial manner, be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That every perfon or perfons* who (hall have fubicribed for one or more (hare or (hares of the faid manufactory, his and their refpedive executors, adminiftrators, or afiigns, in every or any publick meeting or aflcmbly, to be held as herein-after appointed for carrying on the bufinefs oi the faid manufactory, (hall have liberty by him, her, or them-felves, to give one vote, and no more, without any regard being had to the number of (hares he, (he, or they, (hall refpe&ivel) be poflefled of, and interefted in,. as aforefaid ; and whatevei queftion, election of officers, or other matter or thing (hall b< propofcd, difcufled, or confidered, in any publick aflembly 01 meeting, to be held under and by virtue of this aCt, ihall b< •finally determined by the majority of votes then prefent, com* puting one vote for every member then prefent, and no more.

VI.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid That a book for fubferiptions (hall be provided within on< month after the pafling of this aCt, in which faid book the lai< joint ftock, which (hall not be lefs than the fum of forty thou fand pounds, (hall be fubferibed by the proprietors of the Can manufactory; and that each of the faid proprietors (hall no fubfcribe kfs than the fum of five hundred pounds, nor mor

thai

Digitized by v^.ooQle

47

1773-1 Anno dedmo tcrtio GeoRGH III. c. 38.

than the fum of fix thoufand pounds ; and that all and every the faid proprietors (hall pay his, her, or their (hares and proportions of the monies fubfcribed at fuch time and place as (hall be appointed for the receipt of fuch fums of money as (hall, from time to time, be ordered to be paid, in purfuance bf any call or calls to be made by the order of any general meeting, in manner and form as is herein-afrer directed 5 of which feveral calls, three calendar months notice at the lead (ball be given, by publilhing tbe fame in the London Gazette, and one or more of the poblick news-papers, at the diferetion of the general meeting of the (aid proprietors: and if any perfon or perfons (hall negleCt or refofe to pay his, her, or their rateable or proportionable part or (hare, parts or (hares, of fuch monies to be called for, as aforefaid, within one calendar month after the time appointed for payment thereof; and after perfonal notice given to him or her, or notice in writing left at his or her ufuat or laft place of abode, then he, (he, or they, fo neglecting or re-fufing, (hall forfeit the fum of twenty (hillings for every one hundred pounds of bis, her, or their refpe&ive (hare or (hares in the faid manufacture.

VII.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, proprietors That whenever any proprietor (hall have incurred the penalty not making aforefaid of twenty (hillings for every one hundred pounds of thc*r Pay-fuch (hare or (hares as he or (he may be poffefied of in the faid	™

manufactory, for nonpayment in due time as aforefaid, of his pertf in the or her rateable proportion of money called for, and fuch for- manufactory, future (hall have been declared at tome general meeting of the proprietors, it (ha)l and may be lawful at the fame, or at any fub-fequent general meeting, for any five or more of the proprietors then prefent to order and direCt a further notice to be given to fuch proprietor; and in cafe he or (he (hall not, within fix months after fuch notice ferved perfonally, or left at his or her mod ufoal or laft place of abode, pay, or caufe to be paid, all fuch fum or fums of money as (hall be then due and owiog upon any call 'or calls as aforefaid, and for nonpayment of which foch former forfeiture (hall have been incurred, and (hall alfo pay, or caufe to be paid, an additional fum of five pounds for every one hundred pounds which fuch proprietor (hall have (ubferibed towards the (aid manufactory, then fuch proprietor, in cafe the nonpayment of fuch fum or fums of money (hall have been declared at feme general meeting of the faid proprietors, (hall forfeit all his intereft, (hare, and property, in the faid manufactory, together with all fuch fums as (hall have ** been paid in, or (hall be then due and owing from any call or calls as aforefaid; which lad-mentioned fum or fums due and owing from any call or calls as aforefaid, and the rcfpeCtive pe-' nahies of twenty (hillings, and five pounds, herein-before mentioned, (hall and may be recovered by aCtion of debt in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at We^minfter: provided always,	1

That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid proprietors, at any general meeting to be held after fuch forfeiture (hall have been incurred, to poftpone, mitigate, or remit the fame.

4?

Governor, deputy-governor, and committee to be cbofen.

Governor and deputy-go* vernor to take an oath.

The oath*

Committeemen to take an oath.

The oafb.

Anno dccimo terrio Georgii III. c. 38. [1773.

VIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That within the (pace of .twenty days after paffing this aft, any five or more of them, the faid perfons herein-before named, fhall fummon and call together a general meeting of all the proprietors in the faid joint ftock, who (hall and may quietly and freely aflemble themfelves, and meet together at the time and place fo appointed; and then and there, at their will and plea-fure, name, chufc, and cled, one of the faid proprietors to be governor of the faid company, and one other proprietor to be deputy-governor of the faid company, and alfo five or more other fit perfons to be committee-men of the faid company ; the faid governor, deputy-governor, and committee-men, to continue in their refpedive offices and places, until a new dec* tion (hall be had and made of a governor, deputy-governor, and committee-men, in purfuance and according to the directions of this ad.

IX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That every governor and deputy-governor of the laid company fo to be deded as aforefaid, before they be admitted to the execution of their refpective offices or places of governor and deputy-governor, fhall take the following oath before any two or more of the faid proprietors, who are hereby impowered to adminiftcr the (ame:

YO U [wear that you will ajftjl,and with all your power fuppert and maintain the company of Britiftw^? plate glafs manufacturer*, and the privileges of the fame, having no refpttl to yourfelf in derogation, hindrance, or prejudice of the good government, order, and commonweal thereof \ the bye-laws and ordinances which jball be made by authority of this company, and which are not repugnant to the laws of this kingdom, you/ball uprightly and duly execute according to your knowledge, and to the utmoft ofyour poyoer endeavour to favour and maintain the true interejl and^wetfare of the faid company.

So help you GOD.

X. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That every one of the faid committee-men of the faid company for the time being, before they be admitted to the execution of tbeir faid ref-pedive offices or places of committee-men, (hall take the following oath before any two or more of the faid proprietors, who are hereby impowered to adminifter the fame:

YO U fwear to be faithful and true during the time ofyour place of trujl, as one of the committee-men of the company of Bri-tillwej/f plate glafs manufacturers^ and their fuccejfors; the good ejlate of the adventurers in this prefent joint flock you Jball, as far m you are able, favour and prejerve, and the privileges granted to them to the utmoft ofyour power endeavour to maintain.

So help you GOD.

Digitized by

XI. And

1773-1 Anno decimo tcrtio Georgii III. c. 38.	49

XI.	And, to the end that all matters and things to be done and General meet-tarried on by virtue and authority of this aft may be the more regu- inS t0 J* ^eJd larly carried into execution, be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid, annua That there (hall be one annual general meeting of all the (aid proprietors on the fecond Wednefday in March in every year for the future, at fome convenient place for that purpofe to be appointed, at or after the hour of eleven in the forenoon, at which (aid annual general meeting the proprietors aflembled (hall chufe a governor and deputy-governor of the faid company, and alfo five or more perfons, each of whom (hall be for the time being a proprietor of one or more (hare or (hares in the faid manufactory, to be a committee or committees, to aflift in managing the affairs of the faid company of proprietors, in fuch manner as is herein directed, and as (hall, from time to time, be ordered by any fuch annual general meeting, or by any fpc-rial general meeting, to be held as herein-after mentioned, the faid governor and deputy-governor always to be members of fuch committee or committees and the faid governor and deputy and committee-men, (hall ferve and continue in their ref-peCHvc offices and places for one whole year next enfuing their refpeCHve elections, or until others (hall be elected and appointed in their room.

XII.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid.

That if at any time it (hall appear to any five or more proprietors, that, for the more effectually putting this aCt in execution, an occafional general meeting of proprietors (hall be necelfary to be held, the governor, deputy-governor, or any three or more of the (aid committee, on requeft made in writing by the faid five proprietors to the faid governor, deputy-governor, or committee-men, (hall caufe notice to be given thereof in the London Gazette, or in fuch other manner as the faid propietors, their fucceffors or afligns, (hall at any general meeting direCt or appoint, declaring in fuch notice the place where and the time when fuch meeting is to be held, the fame to be held within one month from and after fuch notice given; and likewife fpe-* cifying in every fuch notice the reafon for and intention of fuch meetings refpeCtively ; and the proprietors are hereby authorifed to meet purfuant to fuch notice, and proceed to the execution of the powers by this aCt given them; and every aCt of the proprietors, or the major part of them, at fuch meetings af-fembled, (hall be as valid to all intents and purpofes as if the feme had been done at an annual general meeting, held in manner herein-before appointed.

XIII.	And it is hereby further enaCted by the authority afotefaid. That the commitee fo to be chofen as aforefaid, (hall, from time to time, be fubjeCt to the examination and controul of the faid annual or occafional general meetings of the faid proprietors as aforefaid, and (hall pay due obedience to all fuch orders and directions, in and about the premifes, as they (hall from time to time receive.from the faid proprietors, at any fuch

general meetings ; fuch orders and directions not being contrary	f

to any exprefs directions or provifions in this aCt contained.

Vol. XXX.	E	XI^ecA^OC

5®

Governors, Sec. dying, others to be chofen.

Meetings to be called by governors, Sec. and committee-men.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 38.	[1773.

XIV.	And it is hereby further ena&ed, That in cafe the governor, deputy-governor, or any of the commitee-men for the time being, (hall happen to die, or refign his office or offices, before the expiration of the faid year for which he or they (hall be fo elected; that then, and from thenceforth, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the (aid governor, or deputy-governor, or any three of the commitee to iummon and call together a general meeting of the proprietors aforefaid, and then and there to chufe into the place or places of him or them fo dying or refign-ing one or more other (it perfon or perfons, as the cafe may happen, to continue in their refpedVtve offices or places, during the remainder of fuch year.

XV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the firft general meeting hereby appointed as aforefaid, all and every the general meetings of the faid company, hereby eftablifhed, (hall be, from time to time, called and fummoned by the order of the faid governor or deputy-governor, or any three or more of the committee for the time being ; at all which general meetings before-mentioned the governor for the time being (hall be prefent, or, in his abfence, the deputy-governor for the time being, and in cafe of equality of votes or voices, (hall have a calling voice.

XVI.	Provided always. That if at any general meeting the governor, See. number of perfons prefent (hall be lefs than nine, and the mem-

^crs Prc^ent 1101 b* Puffed of twenty (hares in the faid bers po(fc(fai manufadtory at the lead, no choice of a governor, deputy-gover-of 10 (hares, nor, or committee, (hall be made at that time ; but in luch cafe there (hall be an adjourned meeting of the faid company, at the fame place, within one month, of which notice (hall be given in the London Gazette, and fuch other publick news-papers as (hall be then agreed upon, or in fuch other manner as at any general meeting (hall be directed for that purpofe, and fo from time to time as occafion (hall require, until fuch choice (hall be made of the governor, deputy-governor, and committee, as ought to have been made at the firft day herein-before appointed, had there been a fufficient number of votes prefent, and the perfons fo chofen (hall have the fame power which they would have had, and continue in fuch office until fuch time as they would have done, had they been chof^ji on the faid day herein-before firft appointed.

Company may XVII. And be it further enabled, That the faid company of make bye- proprietors, their fucceflors and afligns for the time being, mall have power and authority at any general meeting, to be held as aforefaid, in cafe nine or more proprietors are prefent at fuch. general meeting, poflefled of twenty fhares at lead, but not otherwife, to make fuch rules, bye-laws, and conftitutions, for the faid government of the faid company, and for the good and orderly carrying on the bufinefs of the faid manufacture ; and alfo for the well-governing of the officers, fervants, workmen% and others who (hall be employed in and about the bufinefs and carrying on of the faid manufacture, or any part thereof; and to impute and inflict fuch reafonable fines or forfeitures upon

Google ali

No choice of

laws, Sec.

Digitized by >

*773-1 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 38.	51

all perfons offending againft the fame, as to the major part of fuch general meeting (hall feem meet, not exceeding the fum of five pounds for any one offence; fuch fines and forfeitures to be levied and recovered by fuch ways and means as are herein-af-tcr mentioned.

XVIIL And be it further enaCted, That it (hall and may be Bye law* may lawful to and for the faid company of proprietors, their fucceffbrs he altered, and afiigns, at any general meeting to be held as aforefaid, in cafe thirteen or more proprietors are prefent at fuch general meeting, poflefled of forty (hares at leaft, but not otherwife, to alter or repeal any rules, bye-laws, or conftitutions, made by the faid company, at any former general meeting or general meetings : and all fu^h rules, bye-laws, and conftitutions, fo to be made by the faid company, at any general meeting or meetings, being fairly wrote and entered in the books of the faid company of proprietors, (hall be binding to and obferved by all the parties, and lhall be fufficient in any court of law or equity to juftify all perfons who (hall act under the fame.

XIX.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, Books to be That the book and books in which the accounts relating to the under the care hid undertaking (hall be dated and fettled, and all other matters fonsas the" and things relating thereunto, (hall be depofited under the care company (hall and cuftody of fuch perfon or perfons as the faid company of appoint, proprietors, their fucceffors and afligns, (hall, from time to time,

direCt and appoint, and every proprietor or proprietors, at rea-ibnable times, (hall have free accefs to fuch book and books, for bis, her, or their infpeCtion.

XX.	And be it further enaCted, That at every fuch annual Proprietors at general meeting as aforefaid, the proprietors (hall call for, audit, £encral m^et-and fettle all accounts of motley which (hall hereafter be receiv- JJJ?accounts^" cd or paid in, for, about, or concerning the faid manufactory,

and (hall fettle and declare what dividend or dividends (hall be made to the proprietors thereof: provided always. That no dividend (hall at any time be made amongft the faid proprietors, out of the profits arifing from the faid manufactory, over and above five pounds per centum, upon the capital ftock actually advanced, during fuch time as there (hall be due and owing from the faid company any fum or films of money borrowed upon the credit of their capital ftock, or upon the profits and produce arifing from the faid manufactory.

XXI.	And be it further enaCted, That at any fuch general Proprietors at meeting as aforefaid, the proprietors (hall have power to make gcncral meet-fuch call or calls of money, for the purpofes of this aCt, as they JJ^ertomake (hall find wanting and neceflary, not exceeding ten pounds per calls of mo* centum on each (hare at any one call, under fuch conditions, pe- ney. nalties, and forfeitures as herein-before mentioned, fuch notice

or notices, of fuch call or calls having firft been duly given as aforefaid ; which money, fo called for, (hall be paid to fuch per-foo or perfons, and in flich manner, as the faid general meetings (hall, from time to time, appoint and direCt, for the ufe of the laid manufactory.

n	XXII.	And

Digitized by

Google

General meetings may be adjourned.

Owners of lhares dying before calls made for the full fums to be advanced on each (bare,

Truftees, &c. indemnified for making payment.

Truftees neglecting payment after fix months, fuch lhares of owners to be liable to the forfeitures as before directed.

Proprietors may fell and difpofe of their (hares.

Anno decimo tertio GeoRGH III. c. 38.	[1773.

XXII.	And be it further enadted, That for all or any of the purpofes aforefaid, every fuch general meeting (hall have power to adjourn themfelves, from time to time, and from place to place, as (hall be thought convenient, and be agreed upon by the majority of votes then prefent: and in cafe there (hall not be a fufficient number of perfons prefent to form fuch general meeting before two of the clock in the afternoon, on the day on which fuch general meeting (hall have been called, then any one of the faid proprietors prefent, or their clerk for the time being, (hall adjourn the faid meeting to the fame day fortnight, and (hall give notice of fuch adjournment in manner before mentioned.

XXIII.	And be it further enadted, That if any owner or owners of any (hare or (hares in the faid manufactory (hall die before fuch call or calls (hall be made for the full fum to be advanced on each (hare, which he, (he, or they (hall have been poffefled off, or intitled unto, without having made provifion bv will, or otherwife, how fuch (hare or (hares (hall be difpofed or, and the money paid in upon calls for the future; then, and in fuch cafe, the executors or adminiftrators of any fuch owner fo dying, and the truftee or truftees, guardian or guardians, of any infant, or other perfon or perfons whatfoever, intitled to the eftate and effedts of fuch owner deceafed, (hall be indemnified againft all fuch infant or infants, or other perfons whatfoever, for paying any fum or fums of money, when called for, as aforefaid, to compleat every fuch fubfeription : and if fuch owner deceafed (hall not have left aflets fufficient, or in cafe the executors or adminiftrators, truftee or guardian, truftees or guardians, (hall refufe or negledt to anfwer fuch calls and payments within the fpace of fix calendar months next after per-fonai notice ferved on, or notice left at the ufual or laft place of a-bode of fuch executors or adminiftrators, or fomeor one of them, or fuch truftee or guardian, truftees or guardians, then fuch (hare or (hares of fuch deceafed owner or owners, as alfo his, her, or their perfonal eftate, (in cafe they (hall die leaving affets,) (hall be fubjedt and liable to the fame penalties and forfeitures as are here-in-before diredted, in refpedt of the (hare or (hares of fuch perfon or perfons as (hall negledt or refufe to pay In his, her, or their rateable or proportionable part or (hare of fuch monies as (hall be called for, in manner herCin-before mentioned.

XXIV.	And be it further enadied, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the feveral proprietors of the faid manufactory to fell and difpofe of any (hare or (hares he, (he, or they, lhall or may be intitled to therein, fubjedt to the rules and conditions herein mentioned; and any purchafer or purchafers (hall, for his, her, or their fecurity, as well as that of fuch proprietor or proprietors, have a duplicate of the deed of aftignment or conveyance made unto him, her, or them, and executed by fuch perfon or perfons, of whom he, (he, or they, (hall purchafe the fame, and alfo by the purchafcr or purchafers thereof, one part whereof, duly executed, both by the feller and purchafcr, (hall be

dc-

Digitized by Google

J773-1 Anno decimo tertio Georgii IIL c. 38.	53

delivered to the company's clerk for the time being, to be filed and kept for the ufe of the faid company; and an entry thereof /hall be made in a book or books to be kept by the laid clerk for that purpofe, for which no more than one (hilling lhall be paid ; and the faid clerk is hereby required to make fuch entry accordingly; and until fuch duplicate of fuch deed (hall be fo delivered in to the faid clerk, and filed and entered, as above directed, fuch purchafer of purchafers (hall have no part or (hare of the profits of the laid manufactory, nor any intereft for his faid (hare paid to him, her, or them, or any vote as a proprietor or proprietors.

XXV.	Provided always, and be it further enaCted by the au- Notice to be thority aforefaid. That no fuch fale or fales, except to a proprie- given of (ides* tor or proprietors of the faid company, (hall be made of any

fuch (hare or (hares, hy any proprietor or proprietors, unlels three months notice in writing (hall be given to the governor, deputy-governor, or any three of the committee, of fuch his, her, or their intentions to fell the fame; and unlefs confent (hall be given by a majority of the whole number of proprietors, fignified by ballot at fome general meeting, which (hall be held within four months after fuch notice given.

XXVI.	And be it further enaCted, That in cafe the number Proprietors

of proprietors of the faid manufactory (hall at any future time reduced to 15, be reduced to the number of fifteen or under, then all the powr a m*i°nty ers of this aCt, (hall be fully exercifed and enforced, in like man-	of

ner as is herein-before directed, by a majority of fuch number, this in all in all cafes where more than five proprietors are herein-before cafes where required to be prefent at any meeting.	JPorc than.

XXVII.	And be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That ™fent at a in cafe the faid fum of forty thoufand pounds, herein-before meeting, authorifed to be raifed, (hall be found infufiicient for the e(ta- a further fum bli(hment and carrying on of the faid manufacture; then, and may be raifed in fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid com- by th? cot?‘ pany of proprietors, by and with the confent, affent, and appro-

ration of not lefs than three-fourths in number of the faid pro- nSgsc^cnt* prietors, and not otherwife, to raife and contribute amongft themfelves, in manner and form aforefaid, or by the ad million of new fubferibers, upon fuch terms as they (hall think proper, any further or other fum or fums of money, for eftablilhing and carrying on the faid manufactory, not exceeding the fum of twenty thoufand pounds; and every contributor or fubferiber towards raifing fuch further or other fyim or fums of money,

(hall havfe a like vote in refpeCt of every fuch (hare in the faid additional fum fo to be raifed, and (hall alfo be liable to fuch forfeitures, and Hand interefted in the profits and produce of the laid manufactory, for fuch (hare or (hares as he, (he, or they, may fubferibe thereto, as generally and extenfively, to all intents and purpofes, as if fuch further (hare or (hares fo fubferibed bad originally been part of the faid (tock of the faid company ; any thing hereiiybefore contained to the contrary in any-wife notw ithfltanding,

£ 3	XXVIII,	And

Digitized by Google

54	Anno decimo tertio GeoRGIi III. c. 38.	[1773.

Forging the XXVIII. And be it further enaCted by the authority afore-compar?1* ^aic^’ That if any perfon or perfons (hall forge or counterfeit the made felony. ^ t^lc corporation, or any deed or writing under the common feal, or (hall demand any money in purfuance of any fuch. forged or counterfeited deed or writing, either from the corporation or any members or l'ervants thereof, knowing fuch writing to be forged, with intent to defraud the feme corporation, or their fucceffors, or any other perfon or perfons whomfoever, every perfon fo offending, and being convicted thereof in due form of law, (hall be judged guilty of felony, and (hall be tranf-ported to one of his Majefty’s colonies or plantations in America for a term not exceeding feven years.

Stealing or XXIX. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, deftroying the That if any perfon or perfons (hall, by day or night, break into work*, fejeny. any hOQfc^ (hop, cellar, vault, or other place or building, or by force enter into any houfe, (hop, cellar, vault, or other place or building belonging to the (aid manufactory, or wherein the fame (hall be then carrying on, with intent to deal, cut, break, or otherwife deftroy any glafs or plate glafs, wrought or unwroughr, or any materials, tools, or implements, ufed in, for, or about the making thereof, or any goods and wares belonging to the faid manufactory, or (hall (teal, or wilfully or malicioufly cut, break, or otherwife deftroy, any fuch glafs materials, tools, or implements, every fuch offender, being thereof lawfully con-viCfed, (hall be judged guilty of felony, and (hall be tranfport-ed to one of his Majefty’s colonies or plantations in America for a term not exceeding feven years.

XXX.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That no contract, agreement, tranfer, or aGgnment of any (hare or (hares, or other writing whatfoever, made in purfuance of the powers given in and by this prefent aCt, (hall be charged or chargeable with any (tamp duty whatfoever; and that no proceedings to be had or taken in purfuance of this aCt (hall be quafhed or vacated for want of form only.

XXXI.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, inflicted by this

Vriftngs to be without (tamps.

Fine? and forfeiture?

how to be re- a(<^ or by any rujes^ bye-laws, or conftitutions, made by the CQv$re...	faid company of proprietors, their fucceffors or afligns, by the

authority thereof, the levying and recovering of which faid fines, penalties, and forfeitures, are not herein-before particularly directed, (hall be levied and recovered by diftrefs and fale ot the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and feal, or hands and feals, of one or more jufticc or juftices of the peace for the county wherein the faid manufacture (hall be carried on, as aforefaid ; which faid juftice or juftices is and ?re hereby authorifed to hear and examine a witnefs or witnefles upon oath, and determine the fame, and may, according to his or their diferetion, mitigate any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, to be inflicted on any offender or offenders by virtue of the powers in this aCt contained; feve ar.d except fuch forfeitures and penalties as are herein-before directed for nonpayment of fuch

f»w

Digitized by

Google

55

1773-1 Anno decimo tertlo'GEORGii III, c. 38. fum or fums of money as (hall be called for from the faid proprietors, as aforefaid; and all fuch refpedive fines, forfeitures, and penalties, by this ad impofed and inflided, the application whereof is not herein-beforc particularly direded, (hall be paid, and (hall be applied and difpofed of, to, and for the ufe of the faid manufadure, and to and for no other ufe or purpofe whatfoever.

XXXII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, imitation °* That if any adion, fuit, or information, (hall be brought or aftI0Il,• commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this ad, or in the execution of the powers and authorities, or the orders and diredions herein-before given or granted, every fuch adion, fuit, or information, (hall be brought

and commenced within fix calendar months next after the tad committed for which fuch adion or fuit (hall be commenced, and not afterwards, and (hall be brought, laid, and tried, in the county where the faid manufadure (hall be carried on as aforefaid, and not elfewhere; and the defendant or defendants in all fuch adions or fuits may plead the general iffue, and give this General iflue, ad, and the fpecial matter, in evidence, at any trial or trials to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this ad: and if it (hall appear to have been fo done, or if any adion, fuit, or information, (hall be brought after the time before limited for bringing the fame, or (hall be brought or laid in any other county or place than as afore-laid, that then, and in every fuch cafe, the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants ; and if a verdid or verdids (hall be found for fuch defendant or defendants, or if the plaintiff (hall become nonfuited, or difcontinue his, her, or their adion, fuit, or information, after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared ; or if, upon demurrer, or otherwife, judgement (hall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs; the defendant or defendants, in every fuch cafe, (nail have treble cofts, and (hall Treble cofts. have fuch remedy for recovery of the fame as any defendant or defendants hath or have for cofts of fuit in other cafes by law.

XXXIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore- Commence* faid. That this ad (hall take place and have continuance, from mcn5 and and after the paffing thereof, for and during the term of twenty-

one years, and from thence- to the end of the then next feftion °	18

of parliament.

XXXIV.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore- Publickad. faid. That this ad (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be

a publick ad ; and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whomfoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

£ 4	CAP,

Digitized by v^,ooQle

5* Anno decimo tertio Georgh III. c.39.	[1773,

CAP. XXXIX.

An aft for draining and preferving certain fen lands and low grounds* called King's Delph and Eight Roods, and alfo other fen lands and low grounds in a certain place called Farcett Fen, adjoining thereto, lying near to the hamlet and village of Farcett and Standground in the county of Huntingdon.

Preamble. Commiffioners appointed. Every owner of 30 acres may appoint a commiflioner. It an owner of 30 acres be a minor, Sec. the guardian or committee to aft or appoint a commiflioner. Joint-owners, &c* taxed by virtue of this aft, may aft as commiffioners, or by their deputies* provided their (hares are not lefs than fifteen acres. Appointment of commiffioners to be entered in a book, See. Firft meeting ot commiffioners. Meetings may be adjourned. Nothing to be done but at publiclc meetings. Draining of lands and other works to be under the direftion of commiffioners. Commiffioners to make drains, Sec. making fatisfaftion to perlons having a right to the foil. Two engines to be erected. Power *0 the commiffioners to prevent the water of the higher lands defeending on the low lands. Commiffioners neglefting to make dams, the owners may make the fame, and the expences to be paid by the treafurer. Owners making new cuts, See. the commiffioners to caufe proper dams and headings to be made, to prevent waters defeending upon the lower lands. Owners refufing to pay the expence may be profecuted. Tunnels may be made when the engine is out of repair. The water not to pafs through the tunnels, when the engine at the head of the Twelve Foot dike is (topped. Overfalls to be placed in any parts of the drains, &c. If the pedons appointed for making overfalls, See. fhall negteft, others to be appointed. Commiffioners may make contrafts. Commiffioners to contraft for the purebafe of lands. Where perfons (hall refufe or negleft to treat, Jury to pe fummoned to afeertain t lie value of damages. Jury may be challenged. Witnefles may be called and examined upon oath. Verdift to be final. Witnefles not appearing, or refufing to be fwora, or any jury-man refufing to be fwom, or not giving a verdift, (hall forfeit 40s. Expences of jury how to be paid. Commilfioners may proceed on works after fatisfac-tion. Tender of recompence made to commiffioners, Sec. for furveying and levelling lands. Sec. Bodies politick, &c. to have fatisfaftion for damages. All verdifts, &c. to be inrolled with the clerk of the peace. Eands taxed to be ascertained, and may be taxed not exceeding 3 s. per acre per annum. Meflrs. Hoggard, Moore, and Wing's award to be binding and conclufive. In cafe of death of any fuch perfons, &c. commiffioners to appoint others. In cafe the perfons appointed do not make their award in fix months, other, to be appointed. Oath to be taken. Power to make a furvey. Refurvey allowed. Rates or taxes to be paid half-yearly. Power to diltrain. Commiffioners may borrcfw money, not exceeding 10001. No more than xool. to be borrowed on one fecu»ity. Securities to be affignable, and to be entered in a book. Tax chargeable with payment of the principal money, may be veiled in creditors. Taxes may be raifed, and lowered again, if neceflfary. Commiffioners may appoint officers, and remove them, and appoint others. Treafurers to give fecuriry. Officers to account yearly. Accounts to be entered. Power to compel officers to account. Penalty on officers refufing to account. Proceedings to be entered in books. Orders not to be reverfed, unlefs nine or moie commiffioners be prefent. Perfons burning or otherwife deftroying fhe works, guilty of felony. Penalty of 501, on damaging, Sec. the works* Commiffioners may take in water from the rivers Nen and Bevill 5 and owners of lands may take in water from the river Nen by tunnels, at their own expence. Perfons erefting any horfe-mill, Sec. to difeharge water, other than into Bevill’s and Nen rivers, to forfeit 501. No houfes, &c. to be built on banks near mills, on penalty of 1001. Sec. Commiffioners pifty cut down trees or holts already planted near mills. Owners, &c. to cieanfe dikes, Scc. and in cafe of negleft, furveyors to do it at the owner's expence. Commiffioners may appoint a mole catcher. Engines and mills to be infured. This aft not to be given in evidence touching the local *•	  felt*

57

77S-] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 40.

kite of the lands. Twelve Foot drain belonging to Sir Sampfon Gideon tfftedin the commiflioners. Commiflioners not to have power over adventurers’ land. Commiflioners to repair Twelve Foot drain. Owners of adventurers* lands not to cut into Twelve Foot drain. Sir Sampfon Gideon, See. to keep up the banks of the adventurers* lands. Writings to be without damps. Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and ap-pi ed. Perfons aggrieved may apply to the next feflion. Proceedings not tobequartied for want of form. Diftrefs not to be deemed unlawful for vsnt ot form ; nor the party diftraining a trefpafler ab initio. Convi&ion to be drawn in the following form. Referving the rights of the corporation of Bedford level. Saving the rights of the commiflioners of Salter's load floice navigation. limitation of actions. General ifTue. Treble cofts. Publick att.

.CAP XL.

An ad for amending and rendering more effectual an a&, made in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second* intituled, An a& for dilcharging the corporation of the governor, bailiffs, and commonalty, of the company of conservators of the great level of the tens, commonly called Bedford level, from a debt due to tbe duke of Bedford and earl of Lincoln ; and for enabling the proprietors t>f lands in the north level, part of the faid great level, to raife money to difcharge the proportion of the faid north level in the debts of tbe (aid corporation i and for afcertaining and appropriating the taxes to be laid on the faid north levd$ and for the more efft&ual draining and preferving the faid north level, and divers lands adjoining thereto, in the manor of Crowland; fo far as the fame relates to the fe-veral fen lands lying in tbe fecond diftridt in the faid a£t defcribed. Preamble. Ad 17 Geo. *. Tax of ss. 6d. per acre. Tax payable for 14 years. Perfons allowed to purchafe off tbe tax of as. 6d. an acre* After expiration of 14 years, commiflioners to have power to lay a further tax of 11. 6d. pir acre. Quantities of lands as in former ad. Tax of is. 6d for 14 years, veiled in commiflioners, in order to pay the debts of tbe diftritt, See. The tax of a s. 6 d. pgr acre to ceafe if the debts are paid before the faid 14 years. Commiflioners appointed by the former and this prefent ad to have equal power. Commiflioners to take an oath. On default of payment of taxes, commiflioners to have power to diftrain. Tenant to pay taxes, and dedudt the fame out of his rent. In cafe lands are ua ten anted, tax to remain a charge thereon, and to be entered and diftrain-ed on at any future time when tenanted. Clanfe for borrowing money* Not to affeft the creditors under the former ads. What Turns may be borrowed. Writings may be without ftamps. Perfons poflefled of aflign-meots intitled to mortgage monies and intereft. Former tax of x s. per acre, and the prefent tax of^ s. 6d. per acre, fubje& to debts. Application of the 10001. to be borrowed on the is. per acre, charged by the former ad. Proceedings to be entered in books; Orders not to be without notice. Engines and mills to be infured. Mole catching. No houfes or buildings to be erefled within 40 poles of the mills or engines. Penalty for offending. Owners to fill up their foak dikes and foak gripples* Commiflioners to have power to remove trees or holts already planted* making fatisfa&ion to the owners. Diftrefs not unlawful for want of form. Recital of tbe manner formerly ufed in the navigation on the river Nen to the town of Thorney. Duke of Bedford’s prefent powers under this a€t. Method of throwing water out of Thorney dike. Power of commiflioners with rcfpet5lto the water engine at the bottom of Thorney dike. Commiflioners to have power to enter on the duke of Bedford's property to work the engines. At what times the mill at the lower end of Tbornev dike is not to work for the benefit of the diftrift. The duke if Bedford to have the property of the navigation, fo long as he fupports tbe works thereof. Works of the navigation how to be prevented from damage* Conviction of offenders to be drawn up in the following form* Limitation of a&ions. General iflue. Double cofts. This adt not to alter the former S&, Rights of corporation of Bedford level preferved* Publick aft* ‘

C A-P.

Digitized by

Google

Anno declmo tertio GeoRGii III. 0.41.	[177 3-

CAP. XLI.

*5 /*r enabling James Cox, Jeweller, to difpofe of bis mufaeutn, commonly called Cox’s mufaeum,	^

chance, in fucb manner as may be mofi for the benefit of bimfelf and bis creditors.

WHEREAS James Cox ^/*Shoe Lane, in the city ^/'London, Jeweiier, hath, in the profecution of his trade, invented feveral mechanical pieces of uncommon and expenftve workmanfhip; in the ton-Jlrudion of which employment has been afforded to numbers of ingenioz/s and induflrious artijls and workmen ; and many of thefaid pieces hcrve^ for fever al yean pafi, been difpofed of in foreign countries, much to the honour as well as advantage of this kingdom: and whereas the faid James Cox hath, with great labour, ingenuity, and expence*

' contrived and brought to perfection other pieces compofing the mufaeum, commonly called Cox’s mufaeum, which were originally intended to be dijpofed of in the Eaft Indies, as many other pieces of the like kind, invented by the faid James Cox, to the amount of near fix hundred thoufand pounds, have already been : and whereas the faid James Cox hath neceffarily contracted large debts in completing the faid mu-faeum; and the faid mufaeum, on account of the great value and price thereof, and alfo on account of the prejent dijtrefs and fcarcity of money iu the Eaft Indies, as well as in Europe, cannot eafily be difpofed of in the common way of file : and whereas, unlefs fome an-couragemcnt under the fanCiion of parliament be given to the faid Janies Cox, to enable him to difpofe of the faid mufaeum to the bcjl advantage, and by fucb fale to continue with fuccefs, in the courfe of his trade as a jeweller, his ingenious and ufful endeavours, which have, for many years pafl, found employment for near one thoufand workmen and artijls, the debts contracted by the faid James Cox cannot fpeedily be difehargei, and numbers of artifts and workmen will be deprived of employment: in order therefore that this ufeful branch of trade, brought to fo much perfection by the faid James Cox, may 1 Jlill be carried on with fuccefs, may it pleafe your Majefty, at the humble petition of the faid James Cox, that it may be enabled; and be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful to Mr. Cox im- and for the faid James Cox, his heirs or afligns, and he and they powered to is and are hereby authorised and impowered, at any time or difpofe of his times before the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hun-mu aeuin. ^red and eighty, to fell and difpofe of the faid' mufaeum, and the feveral pieces compofing the faid mufaeum^ fpecified in the fchedule to this aft annexed, in fuch manner as the faid James Cox, his heirs or afligns, (hall think proper, without being liable or fubjeft to any penalty or forfeiture impofed by any aft or afts of parliament againft any fale or fales by way of lottery, or by lots, tickets, numbers, or figures; and that fuch fale or fales fo to be made of the faid mufaeum, and of the feveral

nirc^s

Preamble.

59

1733*] Annodecimo tertio Georgii III. c 41.

pieces compofing the fame, by the faid James CoXj his heirs or afligns, before the faid firft day of January>, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, (hall be good and valid, any law or ftatute to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

II. And be it further enabled. That this a& (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick aft; and be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whomfoever, without fpccUUy pleading the fame.

A SCHEDULE of the pieces already compofing, and of other pieces nearly compleated, which are intended to compofe the mufaeum, commonly called COX’s MUSAEUM.

N° 1. \ Horfe, tent, and pedeftal, with chimes and mecha-Jl\ nifm ; eight feet high.

2.	A mufical chime, with mechanifm.

3.	ditto.

4.	A pair of bulls, with clocks, chimes, mechanifm, and

pedeftal j eight feet high.

5.	A camel, with bridge, chime, timepiece, and mechanifm.

6.	A vafe of flowers in jewellery, with timepiece, chime,

mechanifm, and pedeftal; feven feet high.

7* A flag, large as life, with clock, chimes, and mechanifm; fix feet high.

8.	A goat, with chimes and mechanifm.

9.	A cabinet of gold and agate, with clock, chimes, and

mechanifm.

10.	A rhinoceros, with timepiece, mufick, and mechanifm*

11.	An elephant and (ilver temple, with mufick, mechanifm,

clock, and pedeftal.

12.	A large amber vafe of flowers, with chimes, mechanifm,

and pedeftal ? nine feet high.

13.	A gardener's boy and vafe, with pine-apple, timepiece,

mufick, mechanifm, and mirrors; fourteen feet high.

14.	An eaftern fofa of gold, with reflecting mirrors, convex

fpeculums, crimfon and gold feats, and fplendid ornaments ; fourteen feet high.

15.	A pair of bulls, .with clocks, chimes, mechanifm, and

pedeftal; eight feet high.

16.	A goat, with chimes and mechanifm.

17.	A very large pot of flowers of jewellery, with artificial

waterworks, chimes, mechanifm, and pedeftals; ten feet high.

18.	A camel, with bridge, chime, timepiece, and mechanifm.'

19.	A rock, with mufical chimes, mechanifm, and timepiece*

20.	A mufical chime, with mechanifm.

2J. A ditto,

3N° 22J

Digitized by Goode

Publick ad.

Anno dedmo tertio Georgii III. c.41. [17731

N°22. A goat, with chimes and mechanifm.

23.	An elephant and temple, with mufick, mechanifm, clock,

and pedeftal.

24.	A cage of finging-birds, with mufical chimes, clock, and

mechanifm, placed in a commode of lapis and gold ftone, containing a chime of bells, and fountains 0^ of artificial water ; ten feet high.

25.	A palm tree in a tub of avanturine, hooped with jewel-

lery, filled with mechanifm and mufical chimes, wii:h ferpents ifluing from the root twining round the tree, afcending amongft the branches, and difappearing; ten feet high.

26.	A mufical chime with mechanifm.

27.	ditto.

28.	A vafe of flowers in jewellery, with chimes, mechan&fm,

and pedeftal.

29.	An onyx add gold cabinet, with chimes, timepiece, and

mechanifm.

30.	A rhinoceros and caftle, with chimes, timepiece, and

mechanifm.

31.	A mufical clock.

32.	A flag, large as life, on its back a temple, with a three-

faced clock, mufick, and mechanifm ; fix feet high.

33.	A pair of vafes, with girandoles, fupported by turtle?.

34.	A mufical chime with mechanifm.

35.	ditto.

36.	A large amber vafe of flowers, with chimes, mechanifm,

and pedeftal; nine feet high.

37.	A temple of agate, with cafcades of artificial water, ftand*

ing on a rock, furrounded by a double gallery, triumphal chariots moving therein, with mufical chimes, mechanifm, and a large animated elephant below the gallery, (landing between palm trees, placed at right angles, on an ornamented terras. It terminates with a ftar, and is ten feet high.

38.	A fofa of gold, with refle<fting mirrors, convex fpecu-

lums, crimfonand gold feats, and ornaments ; twelve feet high.

39.	A goat, with mufick and mechanifm.

40.	A mufical clock, with mechanifm.

41.	A gardener’s boy, with vafe and pine-apple, timepiece,

mechanifm, and mirrors; ten feet high.

42.	A mufical chime, with mechanifm. '

43.	ditto.

44.	An automaton figure of a chinefe, that plays on the flute,

with mufical chimes and mechanifm, upon a commode of lapis and gold ftone, which contains an organ, and in front, artificial water-works, with a water-mill and bridgej and terminates with a fpiral ftar; nine feet high.

N*4 S-

Digitized by LjOoq le

1773* Anno decimo tertio Georoii III. 0.42,43.	6t

K°45« A buft of her imperial Majefty the emprefs of Ruffia% with brilliant ornaments.

46.	A pyramid of fountains of artificial water, with ornaments

and embeUifhments of gold and jewellery, dolphins, dragons, tritons, fea nymphs, and (hips failing, and water afcending, defending, and running in near three hundred dreams; which pyramid is fixed on a pedeftal of cryftal rocks, fea horfes, and other imitations, with ornaments of jewellery, placed with'a re-cefs of mirrors, terminating with an irradiating ftar of near three feet diameter, and fourteen feet high.

47.	The chronofcope and obelifk, with pedeftal, mufical

chimes and mechanifm, (landing within a pavilion of mirrors, with a canopy of red morocco and gold, terminating with a golden eagle ; fourteen feet high.

48.	A fwan, large as life, formed of filver, filled with me-

chanifm, beating time with its beak to mufical chimes, feated on artificial water within reflecting mirror^ ; un-det the fwan are water-works, terminating at the top with a rifing fun, upwards of three feet diameter; the whole eighteen feet high.

49.	The perpetual motion, being a mechanical, mathemati-

cal, and philofophical timepiece.

50.	The throne of gold, twenty feet high, with all its deco-

rations, altars, pavilion of velvet, and band of me* chanical mufick.

CAP. XLn.

Aa aft for amending, lighting, and watching, the highways or roada within the town, village, or chapelry, of Peterfham, in the county of Surrey.

CAP. XLIII.

An aS to regulate the importation and exportation of corn.

WHEREAS the feveral offs of parliament heretofore made Preamble.

concerning the duties and bounties refpeflively payable on the importation and exportation of corn and grain have greatly tended U the aivancement of tillage and navigation; yet neverthelefs, it having been of late years found neceffary, on account of the fmall quantities of corn and grain in hand, and of the Jbortnefs of the crops, to fufpend the operation of thofe laws by temporary Jlatutes, whereby th benefits derived from the Jaid afls ofparliament have been, during fuch emergencies, withheld and fufpended: and whereas the regulating the importation and exportation of corn and grain by a permanent law, under fuch general rules and provifions as might render, for the time to come, fuch temporary laws vnnecejfary, would afford encouragement to the farmer, be the means of increafmg the growth of that nectjfary commodity, and of affording a cheaper and more conjlant fupply to the poor, and preventing abufe in that article of trade; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enabled; and be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal,

and

Digitized by Google

6a	Anno	declmo tertio Georgii III. 0.43.'	[1773*

and commons, in this prefent parliament afletnbled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four, whenever the price of middling Britijb wheat, at the ports and places where wheat (hall be imported into this kingdom, (hall appear according to the methods directed by the feveral ads of parliament for afeertaining the rates and prices of com and grain im-, ported, or as herein-after direded by this ad to be at or above forty-eight (hillings per quarter, or whenever the price of middling Britijb rye, peafe, or beans, (hall in like manner appear refpedively to be at or above thirty-two (hillings per quarter, or whenever the price of middling Britijb barley, beer, or bigg, (hall in like manner appear refpedively to be at or above twenty-four (hillings per quarter, or whenever the price of middling Britijb oats (hall in like manner appear to be at or above fixteen (hillings per quarter, all cuftoms and duties now payable refpedively, upon wheat, wheat-flour, rye, peafe, beans, barley, beer, bigg, and oats, imported into this kingdom, (hall refpec-tively ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid or payable during the refpedive continuance of fuch refpedive prices as afore-faid ; and in lieu of the former duties, a duty of only fix pence per quarter (hall be laid upon all wheat; and a duty of twopence for every hundred weight of wheat-flour; and a duty of three-pence per quarter (hall be laid refpedively upon all rye, peafe, and beans; and a duty of two-pence per quarter (hall be laid refpedively upon all barley, beer, and bigg; and a duty of two-pence per quarter (hall be laid upon all oats imported into fuch ports and places, during the continuance of the prices a-forefaid; fuch duties to be levied, colleded, paid, and applied, in the fame manner as fuch former duties were before the making of this ad : and fuch wheat, wheat-flour, rye, peafe, beans, barley, beer, bigg, or oats, may be carried coaftwife, and entered or landed in any other ports of this kingdom at which the prices of middling Britijb corn, grain, or flour, are at or above the refpedive rates aforefaid, and afeertained in manner afore-faid, and in no other, under fuch regulations as wheat, wheat-flour, rye, .peafe, beans, barley, beer, bigg, or oats, of the growth of this kingdom, are now allowed to be carried coafi-wife.

In cafe wheat, II. And it is hereby further enaded by the authority afore-wheat flour, faid. That in cafe any wheat or wheat-flour, rye, peafe, beans, ryC,o<rtedt>C harley, heer, higg, or oats, (hall he imported into the ports of when tlie’du-	Berwick, Beaumaris, Dover, Exeter, Falmouth, Harwich,

ties not re- Hull, London, Lynn Regis, Lancajler, Liverpool, Milford, New-pealed (hall be cajlle, New haven, Poole, Southampton, Stockton, Whitehaven, Tar-ina*’ branded	Leith,	Port	Glafgow, Aberdeen, Kirkwall, or any or

without pay. either of them, at any time when the duties not repealed by this ment of du- ad (hall be due and payable for fuch fpecies of corn, grain, or tics s	flour refpedively, the fame, upon due entry thereof, may be

forthwith landed from on board the (hip or vefiel in which fuch fpecies of corn, grain, or flour, (hall be fo imporred, in the pre-^	6	fence

Digitized by v^,ooQle

63

1773*] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c.43.

fence of the proper officer or officers of the cuftoms, without payment of the (aid duties : provided that an exa<ft account be taken of the quantity thereof, and entered in a book, to be kept by the proper officer in the cuftom-houfes of the faid ports refpc&ively ; and that fuch corn, grain, or flour, (hall, upon landing, be immediately lodged and fecured under the joint locks of the King and the importer or proprietor of fuch corn, and ware, grain, or flour, in fuch warehoufes as (hall be for that purpofe houfe under provided, at the foie expence of the importer or proprietor of Kin* fuch corn, grain, or flour, with the approbation, and under the and the 1ml care and infpedtion, of the comirii (Turners of the cuftoms, or porter, any three or more of them, or the colletftor and comptroller of the cuftoms for the port where fuch corn, grain, or flour, (hall be imported, with liberty for the proprietor or his fervants to fcrecn, turn, and take fuch other care of the fame, as neceffity (hall require, in the prefence of (bme officer or officers of the cuftoms, to be appointed for that purpofe by fuch commiffion-ers of the cuftoms, or the collector and comptroller of the port; and fuch com, grain, 'or flour, (hall not be delivered or taken out of any fuch warehoufe, but upon the following conditions; that is to fay, if fuch corn* grain, or flour, or any part thereof. Conditions of (hall be delivered, in order to be ufed or confumed in this king- delivery of dom, the perfon or perfons fo taking out the fame fhall firft (ucl?corn’ pay down, in ready money, fuch duties as (hall at the time of grain> or oun taking out fuch corn, grain, or flour, be due and payable for the like fort of corn, grain, or flour, imported into the fame port; and fuch corn, grain, or flour, (hall be meafured out from the dud warehoufes, and (hall pay the duties by the ftricken bufhel, and not by the heaped bufhel, and (hall, in all other refpetf s be liable to the fame reftri&ions and regulations as it would have been liable to if the fame had not been warehoufed in purfuance of this a&; and if fuch corn, grain, or flour, fo warehoufed as aforefaid, (hall be delivered or taken out for exportation to foreign parts, the owner or exporter thereof, together with one other fufficient perfon, to be approved of by the collector and comptroller of the cuftoms at the port of exportation, (hall enter into bond to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, in treble the amount of the full duties which would be then due and payable for fuch corn, grain, or flour, if the fame was confumed in this kingdom, with condition that no part of fuch corn, grain, or flour, (hall be relanded in Great Britain, Ireland, the iflands of Guemfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sari, or Man, ^or the iilands of Faro or Ferro; which bonds (hall be difeharged without fee or reward, upon certificate returned under the common feal of the chief magiftrate for, or under the hands and feals of two known Britijb merchants refiding at, the place where fuch corn, grain, or flour, was landed, or upon proof by credible perfons, that fuch corn, grain, or flour, was taken by enemies, or perifhed in the feas, the examination and proof thereof being left to the judgement of the refpective commiffioners of the cuftoms where fuch bond was given, or any three or more of them; and if the

Digitized by

Google

64

Com transported from Ireland may be carried back.

Penalty on relanding corn, grain, or flour, lo delivered.

Corn of the fpecies mentioned not to be tran (ported ; viz.Britifli wheat, when at 44 s. per quarter$

Anno dccimo terdo GeoRGH III. c.43.	[1773.'

faid bond (hall not be profecuted within three years, the fame (hall be void.

HI. Provided always, That nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to the prohibiting fuch corn, grain, or flour, as hath been, under the permiflion herein allowed, tranfported from Ireland into this kingdom, and here warehoufed, from being; again carried back to Ireland, fubjeft to the like fecurities ana reftriltions in all other repeats as is required upon the exportation of any other foreign com, grain, or flour.

IV.	And the better to prevent the relanding of fuch corn, grain 9 or flour, be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That all fuch corn, grain, or flour, fo delivered as aforefaid for exportation, (hall be exported dire&ly from the port where the fame was fo delivered, and (hall not be removed or carried, by land or water, to anv other port or place in this kingdom; and if the fame (hall be (o removed or carried, or relanded, or un-(hipped to be relanded in this kingdom, over and befides the forfeiture of the bond hercin-before mentioned, all fuch com, grain, or flour, together with the boats, lighters, or any other veffels, horfes, carts, or other cattle or carriages, which (hall be employed or made ufe of in the removal, carriage, or conveyance, of fuch com, grain, or flour, as alfo the (hip or vef-fel from which the fame (hall be unloaded, together with her tackle, apparel, and furniture, (hall be alfo forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms; and all and every perfon and perfons who (hall be aflifting, or other-wife concerned in fuch removing or carrying, or the unfhip-ping or relanding of fuch corn, grain, or flour, or to whole hands the fame (hall knowingly come after the unfhipping thereof, (hall alfo forfeit treble the value of fuch corn, grain, or flour; which faid penalties and forfeitures (hall and may be profecuted, fued for, recovered, and divided, in fuch manner and form, and by fuch rules and regulations, as penalties and forfeitures infii&ed for unfhipping prohibited or uncuftomed goods in this kingdom, may be profecuted, fued for, recovered, and divided, by any law now in force.

V.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That whenever the price of middlingBrfr/# wheat, at any port or place within the kingdom of Great Britain from whence the fame (hall be intended to be exported, (hall appear to be at or above the price of forty four (hillings per quarter, fuch price being ascertained in manner aforefaid, no perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall, direCHy or indirectly, export, tranfport, carry, or convey, or caufe or procure to be exported, tranfported, carried, or conveyed, out of or from any fuch port or place, or load or lay on board, or caufe or procure to be laden or laid on board, in any (hip or other veflel, or boat, in order to be exported or carried out of any fuch port or place, any wheat, wheat-meal, or flour, or malt, bread, bifeuit, or ftarch, made of wheat: and whenever the price of middling Britijb rye, peafe or beans,

at

Brit'fh rye, pLzfzg or

Digitized by v^ooQle

*773-] Anno decimo tertio GeorGH III. c.43.	65

at fuch port or place, (hall appear refpedlively to be at or above beam, when the price of twenty-eight (hillings per quarter, fuch price being at l8s* P*? afeertained in manner aforefaid, no perfon or perfons whatfoe- ^uaitef 1 ver (hall, dire6Uy or indiredlly, export, tranfport carry, or convey, or caufe or procure to be exported, tranfported, carried, or conveyed, out of or from any fuch port or place, or load or lay on board, or caufe or procure to be laden or laid on board, in any (hip or other veffel, or boat, in order to be ex-pwed or carried out of any fuch port or place, any rye, peafe, or beans rcfpedtively, ground or unground, or any bread or bif-cuit made of rye, peafe, or beans refpedtively: and whenever the price of middling Britijb barley, beer, or bigg, at fuch port Britifli barley, or place, (hall appear refpeftively to be at or above the price of beer, or bigg, twenty-two (hillings per quarter, fuch price being afeertained in ^hcn ****** manner aforefaid, no perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall, dire<5t- ^ <*UI r| ly or indire<5lly, export, tranfport, carry, or convey, or caufe or procure to be exported, tranfported, carried, or conveyed, out of or from any fuch port or place, or load or lay on board, or caufe or procure to be laden or laid on board, in any (hip or other veffel or boat, in order to be exported or carried out of any fuch port or place, any barley, beer, or bigg, or malt, bread or bifeuit made of barley, beer, or bigg refpedively : and whenever the price of middling Britijb oats (hall appear to be at Britifli oats, or above the price of fourteen (hillings per quarter, fuch price when at 149. being afeertained in manner aforefaid, no perfon or perfons /rr quarter § whatfoever, (hall diredtly or indirectly, export, tranfport, carry or convey, or caufe or procure to be exported, tranfported, carried, or conveyed, out of or from any fuch port or place, or load or lay on board, or caufe or procure to be laden or laid on board, in any (hip or other veffel, or boat, in order to be exported or carried out of any fuch port or place, any oats or oatmeal, or malt, bread or bifeuit made of oats, under the penalties and forfeitures herein-after mentioned; that is to fay, That under penalty ail and every the faid commodities that (hall be fo export- of forfeiting ed, or fo laden or laid on board in any (hip or other veffel, or thc fa,.d com’ boat, in order to be exported or carried out contrary to this ™°8 !JJr buJhel 2cI, (hall be forfeited; and that every offender or offenders 0f the grain therein (hall forfeit the fum of twenty (hillings for every bufhel aforefaid; of wheat, wheat-meal, or flour, rye, peafe, or beans, barley, beer, or bigg, oats, or oatmeal, or malt, m^de of any of the grains aforefaid, ground or unground, and twelve-pence for every pound weight of bread, bifeuit, or (larch, as aforefaid, which (hall be fo exported, or fo laden or laid on board in any (hip or other veffel, or boat, in order to be exported or carried out; and alfo the (hip, veffel, or boat, in which any of the with the (hip, (aid articles herein-before fpecified (hall be exported, or upon ycflel,,or boar, which any of the faid articles (hall be laden or laid, in or- ln wh'ch lhe* der to be exported, and all her guns, tackle, apparel, or fur- arc a €0' niture, (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms; and one moiety of all the faid penalties and forfeitures (hall be^ to thc King’s majefty, his Vol. XXX.	F	heirs

Digitized by

Google

Anno detitno tertio Georgii III. c.43.	[177$.

heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or them who will fue for the fame: and for offences which fhall be commit-Penalty how tej jn t^at part Gf Qreat Britain called England, fuch penalties recoverab e. an(j forfeitures (hall be recovered by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVcfl-minjler, or before the judges of aflize, or at the great feflions in TValei \ or where the value of fuch penalties or forfeitures fhall not exceed the fum of fifty pounds, the fame may be recovered by information, at any general quarter feflions of the peace for the county, city, riding, divifion, or place, where the offence was committed ; and in fuch fuit no efloin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, (hall be allowed: and for offences which fhall be committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the fame may be recovered by action, or fummary bill or information, in the courts of feflion or exchequer in Scotland; or .where* the value of fuch penalties or forfeitures (hall not exceed the fum of fifty pounds, the fame may be recovered by fummary bill or information, at any general Quarter feflions of the peace, by aCtion in the (heriffs or ftewards court of the county, or Aewartry where the offence (hall be committed : and that the matter and mariners of any fuch (hip, veflel, or boat, wherein any fuch offence (hall be committed, knowing fuch offence, and wittingly and willingly aiding and aflitting thereunto, and being thereof duly convicted in any fuch courts refpeCtively, as afore-faid, (hall be imprifoned for the fpace of three months, without bail or mainprize.

Not to extend VI. Provided always. That this aCI, or any thing herein con-to the lutten- tained, (hall not extend to prohibit the exportation or carrying out of fuch or fo much of the faid articles herein-before enume-*	‘' rated as (hall be neceflary to be carried in any (hip or (hips, or

other veflel or veffels, in their refpe&ive voyages out and home, for the fuftenance, diet, and fupport of the commanders, matters, mariners, paffengers, or others, in the fame (hips or veffels only, and taking their paflage in fuch (hips or veflels, or for the victualling or providing any of his Majefty’s (hips of war, or other (hips or veffels in his Majefty’s fervice, or for his Majefty’s forces, forts, or garrifons; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithttanding. nor to veflel* VII. Provided alfo. That this aCt, or any thing herein con-carrying the tained, fliall not extend to prohibit any perfon or perfons to iamecoaftmie. or nUt on board any of the articles aforefaid, to be carried coattwile; that is to fay, from any port, creek, member, or part of the kingdom of Great Britain, to any other port, creek, member, or part of the fame refpeCtively, having fuch or the like coaft cocquet, or fufferance for that purpofe, or fuch or the like fuflicient fecurity being tirft given for the landing and dif-charging the fame, in fome other port, member, creek, or part of the faid kingdom, and returning a certificate in fix months, as is required by law in cafes where goods which are liable to pay duties on exportation are carried coaftwife from one port of Great Britain to another.

VIII.	Pro-

Digitized by

Google

*773-3 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 43;	67

VIII.	Provided alfo, That nothing herein-before contained Articlcswhich (hall extend to prohibit the feveral articles herefn-after expreff- p0rtcd from ed being exported out of and from the refpeftive ports in this p0tts m9Dm kingdom herein after mentioned, and from no other, to the feve- lioned. ral places as herein after mentioned, for the fuftenance and ufe of the inhabitants thereof, fo as the fame do not exceed the feveral quantities refpe£tively limited to thofe places within twelve calendar months; (that is to fay),

From the port of Lon-ion,

{Any quantity of wheat, meal, flour, rye, barley, or malt, not exceeding two thoufand five hundred quarters in the whole.

{Any quantity of wheat, meal, flour, rye, barley, or malt, not exceeding three thoufand five hundred quarters in the whole.

{Any quantity of wheat, meal, flour, rye, barley, or malt, not exceeding five hundred quarters in the whole.

To Gibraltar,

V To	Mca.

From the 7 To the iflands port of Sou- > of GUernj tbampton. J and 7<rj

lands f £

Any quantity of wheat, meal, flour, rye, barley, or malt, not exceeding five thoufand quarters in the whole to both places*

If Any quantity of wheat, bar-I ley, oats, meal, or flour, not I exceeding two thoufand five To the 7/7/ A hundred quarters in the whole ; w J °'< one moiety thereof to be export-ana L.WCT- i	*	| ed from the faid port of White-

foolij	I	I haven, and the other moiety

I	I thereof to be exported from the

J	ffaid port of Liverpoole.

So as the exporters, before the (hipping thereof, do declare the Security to be ifland or place for which the faid articles are refpedfively defign- taken from the ed, and do become bound to his Majefty, his heirs and fuccef-	or

fors, with one other fufficient fecurity (to be approved by therewaia# collector and comptroller of the cuftoms at the port of exportation), in treble the value thereof, with condition that the faid articles fo permitted to be exported (hall be landed at the re-fpedive ifland or place for Which the fame (hall be fo declared and entered for the ufe and fuftenance of the inhabitants there, and (hall not be landed or fold in any other parts whatfoever, the danger of-the feas and enemies excepted; and that a certificate, under the hand and feal of the coHe&or, comptroller, or ocher chief officer of the cuftoms, or if no fuch, of the naval

F 2	officer,

Digitized by

Google

68	Anno	decimo	tertio Georg 11 III. C. 43. (1773*

officer, or fame other principal officer of the place where the fame (hall be landed, (hall, within twelve calendar months from the date of the bond given for landing fuch commodities in Gibraltar or Afmorcay and within eighteen calendar months from the date of the bond given for landing fuch commodities in Saint Heltnay and within (ix calendar months from the date of the bond given for landing fuch commodities in the iflands of Guernfeyy Jerfej/y or Many (the danger of the feas excepted), be returned to the officers who took the faid bonds, that the faid commodities have been landed at the place for which the fame (hall have been fo declared and entered; and for the taking fuch fecurity, and giving fuch certificate, (which the refpeltive officers are hereby required on demand to give), no fee or reward (hall be demanded or received : and if any officer (hall make Penalty on any cerl*ficatc °f any fuch commodities being fo landed, making a falfe fuch officer (hall forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds, and certificate. lofe his employment, and be incapable of ferving his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, in any office relating to the cuftoms: and if any perfon (hall counterfeit, erafe, or falfify any certificate, dire&ed or required by this alt, or knowingly publi(h any fuch counterfeit, erafed, or falfe certificate, he mall forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds ; and fuch certificate (hall be void and of no effelt: which faid penalties, for offences committed in Great Britainy (hall be recovered in the fame courts, and in the fame manner, as the other penalties inflilted by this alt are recoverable; and for offences committed in any other the dominions belonging to the crown of Great Britain in Europty (hall be recovered in the high court of admiralty, or in any other chief court of civil or criminal jurifdiltion, in fuch refpeltive dominions, and (hall be divided into equal moieties between his Majefty and the informer 5 and the faid bond or bonds, if not profccuted within three years, (hall be void.

Beans may be IX. Provided alfo, That nothing herein contained (hall ex-exported to tend to prohibit the exportation of beans to the Britijh forts, Africa. cattles, or faltories, in Africa, or for the ufc of the (hips trading upon that coaft that have been ufually fupplied with the fame from Great Britainy or to prohibit the committee of the company of merchants trading to Africdy from exporting annually any quantity of wheat*flour, not exceeding two hundred quarters, or any quantity of bread or bifeuit, not exceeding fifteen tons in the whole of fuch bread or bifeuit, or of fuch bread and bifeuit together, to the Britiflj forts, caftles, or faltories in Af~ tiedy for the fupport of the perfons refiding there, fo as the exporter of fuch articles aforefaid to fuch forts, caftles, or faltories aforefaid, doth, before the (hipping thereof, enter into fuch or the like bond or bonds as are herein-before direlted to be entered into by the exporters from the port of London to the ifland of Saint Helenay of the particular fpecies and quantity of corn, grain, or flour, allowed by this alt to be exported to that iftand. Not to prohi- X. Provided alfo, and be it further enalted, That nothing

bit grain herein contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend, to pro-hom being	6	hi5it

Google

1773*1 Anno dccimo tertio Georgii III. c. 43.	69

hibit corn, grain, or flour, from being exported from Great exported to Britain to the kingdom of Ireland, during fuch time, and fo Ireland, long as any general prohibition of, or embargo on, the exportation of corn, grain, or flour, (hall be in force in that kingdom, but that it (hall and may b$ lawful, during the time that fuch prohibition or embargo (hall be in force in that kingdom, to export corn, grain, or flour, from Great Britain to Ireland\ fo as the exporters of all fuch corn, grain, or flour, from Great Britain do, before the (hipping thereof, declare, that all fuch corn, grain, or flour, is intended to be imported into Ireland, and alfo do become bound to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, in the like bond or bonds as are by this adt directed to be entered into by the exporters of corn, grain, or flour, to the iflands of Guernsey, JerJey, or Man, under condition of returning, in the like time, certificates under the hands and feals of the colledtor, comptroller, and furveyor of the cuftoms, or of any two of them, in fuch port or ports where fuch corn, grain, or flour, (hall be landed, of fuch corn, grain, or flour, being landed in Ireland, as are hereby diredted to be returned with refpedt to the landing of corn, grain, or flour, in the iflands of Guernfey, Jerfeyy or Man; and that all perfons who (hall, within the kingdom of Ireland, counterfeit, erafe, or falfify, any certificate diredted or required by this adt, or knowingly publifli any fuch counterfeit, erafed, or falfe certificate, (hall be liable to all the like penalties and forfeitures as perfons committing the like offences are liable to in Great Britain; which faid penalties for offences fo committed in Ireland thall be recovered in his Majefty’s courts of record in Dublin, and (hall be divided between his Majefly and the informer, in like manner as is herein-before directed, fo as the faid bonds be profecuted within the like time as is herein-before diredted for the profecution of bonds of the like nature.

XI.	And it is hereby further enadted by the authority afore- After Janu-faid. That from and after the firft day of January^ one thoufand ary/*,774# feven hundred and feventy-four, the feveral bounties which are

.....	J	7	.	e	r	_	on gjrain are

now allowed by law upon the exportation of any fort of corn or to determine grain, ground or unground, (hall ceafe and determine, and in- and and ftead and in lieu thereof, when the prices of the coin or grain thc bounties herein-after mentioned, (the fame being afcertained, according to the methods diredted by the feveral adts of parliament for P afcertaining the rates and prices of corn and grain imported, or ' as hercin-after diredted by this adt,} (hall appear to be under the rates herein-after refpedtively mentioned, at the ports or places in this kingdom from whence the fame (hall be exported, there (hall be allowed upon the exportation of fuch corn or grain, either ground or unground, being the growth and produdt of this kingdom, and put on board in Britijb (hipping, the matter and at lead two thirds of the mariners of fuch (hip being his Majefty’s fubjects, the following bounties ; that is to fay, when the price of middling Britijb wheat (hall be under forty-four (hillings per quarter, there (hall be allowed a bounty of five (hillings for every quarter of wheat, and five (hillings for every

r 3	quart-

Digitized by

Google

jo	Anno dectmo tcrtio Georgii III. c. 43* [1773*

quarter of malt made of wheat j when the price of middling Britijb rye fhall be under twenty-eight (hillings per quarter* there (hall be allowed a bounty of three (hillings for every quarter of rye ; when the price of middling Britijb barley, beer* or bigg, (hall be under twenty-two (hillings per quarter, there fhall be allowed a bounty of two (hillings and fix-pence for every quarter of barley, beer, or bigg, and two (hillings and fix-pence for every quarter of malt piade of barley, beer, or bigg j and when the price of middling Britijb oats (hall be under fourteen (hillings per quarter, there fhall be allowed a bounty of two (hillings for every quarter of oats, and two (hillings and fix-pence for every quarter of oat-mea], computed at the rate of two hundred and leventy-fix pounds averdupois to the quarter 5 which faid refpeilive bounties (ball be paid and allowed in all other rcfpeils not altered by this ail, by the fame rules and regulations, and iubjeit to the fame fecurities, reftriilions, penalties,* and forfeitures, as the former bounties on corn or grain exported were paid and allowed, and were fubjeil and liable to* in as full and ample manner as if the feveral claufps relating thereto were again repeated and enailed in this prefent ail.

Not to prohi- XII. Provided always, and be it further enailed by the au-h*h P<h n h ^onty aforefaid, That if any perfon (hall have entered out-entered the ** 'vafds any of the articles herein-before mentioned, and (hail above articles have begun to (hip or lay the fame on board, during the time when the that the prices of middling Britijb cprn in this kingdom (hall P^cs ^‘1 be bc under the rates herein-before refpedtively fpecified, fuch per-rate^men- ^on not prohibited from exporting the faid articles actioned, from tually fo (hipped or laden on board, or fo much of the faid exporting the articles exprefled in fuch entry as fhalj be fo (hipped or laden or* fame,	board, within twenty days from the entry thereof, at the cuf-

tom-houfe for exportation, nor from receiving the bounty by this ail granted thereon ; any thing in this ail contained to the contrary notwithfianding, although the pricey of corn in this jpngdom may have arifen above? the rates herein before refpec-tively fpecified, after fuch articles (hall have been (hipped, and before the exportation thereof.

XIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby enailed and declared by the authority aforefaid, That in all cafes where any corn* ir a am cx 8rain> or A°ur> for which the duties hereby granted have been ^rtc^withia P31C^ lhall at any time or tinges be again exported by any mer-fix months, chant or merchants within fix calendar months from the impor-the duty to be tation thereof, the duty by this ail granted, and which (hall drawu back j^ye been ailually paid for fuch corn, grain, or flour, (hall, anq repai . Without any delay or reward, be drawn back, and repaid unto fuch merchant or merchants who (hall export the fame to any place where a drawback is allowed on the exportation of any foreign goods from this kingdom by any ail or ails of parliament now in force, and to no other: and fuch drawback fhall, in all other rpfpeils, be paid and allowed, under the like reftric-tions, rules, and regulations, and fhall be fubjeil to the like penalties and forfeitures, as the drawback upon foreign goods exported is fubjeil and liable to.

XIV. And

Any corn for Which duty fta» bfru paid, if 3gain ex

Digitized by

Google .

7r

1773.3	Anno decimo tertio GEORGII III. C.43.

XIV.	And whereas the modes directed by the feveral afts of par-liament for ofcertaining the rotes and prices of corn and grain in England, for regulating the duties payable for com and grain im-ported into England, cannot eaftly, and with certainty, be carried into execution in Scotland : and whereas by the ninth aft, pajfed in the Recital of parliament of Scotland, bolden by her late majejly jjpueen Anne, in ^ th* the year one thoufand feven hundred and three intituled, An adt difeharging importation of Irifh vidtual, beef, and cattle, theim- 9 * 9 pertation of viftual from Ireland, or any other places beyond the fcas into Scotland, was refrained \and prohibited, under feveral penalties contained in the faid aft, and in other afts of the parliament of Scotland therein referred to \ but with this provifo, That when, by rea-fon of dearth, the prices of viftual Jhould exceed the rates fpecified in the jaid aft, the lords of her Majejly s privy council of Scotland Jhould have power, after due trial by them taken of the prices of viftual, to fufpend and difeharge the execution of the faid prohibitory afts for fuch jpace of time as the exigence of the dearth Jhould require: and Aft 6. treaty whereas, by the ftxtb article of the treaty of union, it is provided, that °*	*

the prohibition, as then in force by the law of Scotland againjl the importation of viftual from Ireland, or any other place beyond the feas, into Scotland, jhould, after the union, remain in the fame force as it then was, until more proper and ejfeftual ways jhould be provided by the parliament of Great Britain for difeouraging the importation of the faid viftual from beyond the fea: and whereas by an aft, aft 14 faffed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his late Majejly George ®co* *• the Second, intituled. An adt for licenling the importation of victual from Ireland, and other parts beyond the feas, into Scotland, in rime of dearth and fcarcity, the power of fufpending and difeharging the execution qf the faid prohibitory laws, which was before vejled in the lords of the privy council, by the faid aft of her late majejly Sjueen Anne, pajfed in the year one thoufand feven hundred and three, in the parliament of Scotland, was thereby vejled in the judges of the court of fejfton, jujliciarv, and exchequer, in Scotland ; and it is declared, that any nine of them, in time of feffion, and any five of them, in time of vacance, upon the petition of any perfon or perjons deftrous to import viftual from Ireland, or other parts beyond the fees, into Scotland, are autborifed and required to examine, inquire into, and determine the common market prices of middling corn and grain, as the fame Jball and may be commonly bought in the county and city i/* Edinburgh, and to fix and afeertain the fame by a proper aft or determination, to be publijhed and made known in the manner therein direfted, and if the faid aft and determination Jball afeertain the current prices of viftual in the city and county of Edinburgh to exceed the rates and prices fpecified in the faid aft, it is declared to be a fuffident warrant to the colieftor and other officers of the feveral ports in Scotland to allow viftual from Ireland, or other parts beyond the feas, to be entered, un/bipped, and landed, upon payment of the duties charged and direfted to be paid upon foreign corn imported in and by an aft, pajfed in the twcnty-fecond year of his late Majejly Charles the Second, intituled. An adt for the improvement of tillage aqd the hreed of cattle •> which duties are to be collefted and

F 4	paid

Digitized by v^ooQle

7a

Mode of afeertaining prices of victual by the laft mentioned aft to ceafe ;

and market prices of corn, &c. to be examined and fifctd by ihei iffs and Reward deputes |

who are to

tranfmit copies of their determinations to the collector at the ports.

Anno decimo tertio GeorGII III. c. 43.	[1773.

paid according to the rates and prices to be afcertained and determined by the faid judges, in purfuance of the Jaid aft puffed in the fourteenth year of his lace majejiy JCing George the Second; and the judges are likewife authorifed and required to determine and afeertain the prices of viftuaU when they do not exceed the rates and prices fpecified in tbf faid afl, fo that the aforefaid prohibitory laws may thereupon be re-vived, to prevent further importation of viftual from Ireland, or other parts bey 2nd the feas: and whereas the mode of afeertaining the prices by the faid aft for permitting the importation of viftual from Ireland, and other parts beyond the feasy has been found to be attended with great inconvenience, and is inconfiflcnt with the principle of this aft, in making the prices of corn and grain at the ports and places of importation and exportation to regulate the prohibitions, bounties, and duties, at fuch refpeftive ports and places: for remedy hereof and for rendering this aft more eafy to be executed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, be it ena&ed by the authority atorefaid. That from and after the commencement of this a<ft, the mode of afeertaining the prices of vidtual preferibed by the aforefaid a<S, parted in the fourteenth year of his late raajefty King George the Second, and the powers verted in the judges or the courts of fertion, judiciary, and exchequer, for that purpofe (hall ceafe and determine; and that thereafter the fheriff or Heward-de-putes of the feveral (hires and ftewartries in Scotland, within which there are ports and places for the importation and exportation of goods and merchandise, or their fubftitutes, (hall, and they are hereby authorifed and required, four times in every year; that is to fay, upon the firft day of November, firft day of February, firft day of May% and firft day of Augufl, or-as foon after thefe days as may be, to fummon and convene before them two or more honeft and fubftantial perfons of their refpe&ivq counties or ftewartries, not being corn merchants nor fatfors for corn, nor any way interefted or concerned in any corn to be imported, and being (kilful in the prices of corn ; and upon the oaths of fuch two or more perfons, which oaths the faid fheriff or fteward-deputes, or their fubftitutes refpedively, are hereby impowered to adminifter, and by fuch other ways and means as to them (hall feem proper and neceffary, to examine, inquire into, and determine the common market prices of middling Britijb corn and grain, and oatmeal, as the fame (hall and may be commonly bought in their refpe&ive counties or ftewartries, and to fix and afeertain the fame, by proper adls or determinations to be fubferibed by them refpe<5lively ; and thereafter, without delay, to tranfmit their refpe&ive adfs or determinations to the collector or chief officer of every port within their refpe&ive counties or ftewartries, and the collector or chief officer of the feveral ports, to whom fuch a<fts or determinations (hall be tranf-mitted are hereby ordered and required to hang up the fame iq fome publick place in the cuftom-houfe of the refpcctive ports, to which all perfons may refort for their information, there tq remain until a fucceeding aCt and determination (hall be tranf-mitted to be hung up in its place, and to tranfmit a copy thcre-

Digitized by v^ooQle

1773.3 Anno decimo tcrtio Georgii III. 0.43*	*	73

of to the commiffioners of the cuftoms at Edinburgh, and the prices fo afcertained (hall regulate the prohibitions in this a&, and the duties and bounties upon the importation and exportation of all corn and grain imported into or exported from the fcvcral counties in Scotland, where the prices are afcertained in manner before directed; and every ad and determination (hall remain in force for that purpofe, until a fubfequent ad or determination (hall be tranlmitted to fupply its place; and the (herifFs or ftewards, who (hall fix and afcertain the prices of middling Britijh com and oatmeal in manner before direded, are hereby ordered and required to caufe preferve, as matter of record of their refpedive courts the evidence upon which their ads or determinations of the prices are founded $ and the clerks of their refpedive courts are hereby ordered and required to give extrads of the evidence to all perfons calling for the fame, upon receiving payment of the ufual fees exigible for extrads of judicial proceedings.

XV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, When the That from and after the commencement of this ad, all oatmeal Pricc does n<* imported from Ireland, or from any other part beyond the feas,

into any port or place in Scotland, where the price of oatmeal, from " afcertained in the manner before direded, does not exceed fix- Ireland, &c. teen (hillings per boll, weighing eight done troys, as alfo the Jjjth the '"cf-(hip or veffel in which fuch oatmeal (hall be imported, together ** for* with her tackle, apparel, and furniture, (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms ; and all and every perfon and perfons who (hall be aiding and afiifting in the un(nipping of fuch oatmeal, or to whole hands the fame (hall knowingly come, after the un(hipping thereof, (hall forfeit treble the value of fuch oatmeal; and which (aid forfeitures and penalties (hall and may be profecuted, fued for, and recovered, and divided in fuch manner and form, and by fuch rules and regulations, as penalties and forfeitures infii&ed for unfhipping prohibited and unaccufiomed goods in this kingdom may be profecuted, fued for, recovered, and divided, by any law now in force.

XVI.	rrovided always. That from and after the commence- When oat-meat of this ad, it (hall be lawful to import oatmeal from Ire- meal does land, or from any other part beyond the feas, into any port or beira-place in Scotland^ where the price of oatmeal afcertained in man- po™eS. 1 net directed by this ad does exceed the price of fixteen (hillings

fer boll, weighing eight done troys.

CAP.

Digitized by v^.ooQle

Preamble*

, Anno dccimo tcrtio Georgii III. c.44.'	[t773*

CAP. XLIV.

An aft aft to allow a drawback of the duties of cuftoms on the exportation of tea to any of bis Majeftfs colonies or plantations in America; to increafe the dcpojit on bobea tea to be fold at the India Company’s fales \ and to empower the commifftoners of the treafury to grant licences to the Eaft India Company to export tea duty-free.

WHEREAS by an at7, made in the twelfth year of his prefent Majefifs reign, (intituled, An ad for granting a drawback of part of the cuftoms upon the exportation of tea to Ireland, and the Britijh dominions in America; for altering the drawback upon foreign fugars exported from Great Britain ro Ireland; for continuing the bounty on the exportation of Britijh made cordage ; for allowing the importation of rice from the Britijh plantations into the ports of Brijlol, Liverpoole, Lan-cafier, and Whitehaven, for immediate exportation to foreign parts ; and to impower the chief magiftrate of any corporation to adminifter the oath, and grant the certificate required by law, upon the removal of certain goods to London, which have been fent into the country for fale;) it is amongfi other things, enafted, That for and during the fpace of five years, to be computed from and after the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred andJ'eventy-two, there jhall be drawn back and allowed for dll teas which /ball be fold after the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy two, at the publick fale of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, or which after that time Jball be imported, by licence, in purfuance of the find therein and hereinafter mentioned aft, made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late nmjejiy King George the Second, and which Jball be exported from this kingdom, as merckandife, to Ireland, or any of the Britifh colonies or plantations in America, three fifth parts of the feveral duties of cufioms which were paid upon the importation of fuch teas ; which drawback or allowance, with refpeft to fuch teas as Jball be exported to Ireland, Jball be made to the exporter, in fuch manner, and under fuch rules, regulations, fecurities, penalties and forfeitures, as any drawback or allowance was then payable, out of the duty of cuftoms upon the exportation of foreign goods to Ireland ; and with refpeft to fuch teas as Jhall be exported to the Britifh colonies and plantations in America, the faid drawback or allowance Jhall be made in fuch manner, and under fuch rules, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, as any drawback or allowance payable out of the duty of cuftoms upon foreign goods exported to foreign parts, was, could, or might be made, before the pajfing of the faid aft of the twelfth year of his prefent Majfly's reign, (except in fuch cafes as are otherwife therein provided for:) and whereas it may tend to the benefit and advantage of the trade of the faid united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, if the allowance of the drawback of the duties of cufioms upon all teas fold at the publick fales of the faid united company, after the tenth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred

Digitized by C-ooQle

i}73*] Anno decimo tcrtio GeoRGII III. c. 44?	75

dred and feventy three, and which JhaU be exported from this kingdom, as mercbandife, to any of the British colonies or plantations in America, were to extend to the whole of the faid duties of cujloms payable upon the importation of fucb teas9 may it therefore pJeafe your Majefty that it may be enadted 9 and be it enadled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame.

That there (hall be drawn back and allowed for all teas, which. After May 10, from and after the tenth day of May, one thoufand feven hun- *773»°n all dred and feventy-three, (hall be fold at the publick fales of the p^^fale (aid united company, or which (hall be imported by licence, in £r imported purfuance of the faid ad made in the eighteenth year of the by licences, reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and which and after-(hall, at any time hereafter, be exported from this kingdom, as « mer°rt* merchandise, to any of the Britijb colonies or plantations inchandifeto America, the whole of the duties of cuftoms payable upon the America, the importation of fuch teas 9 which drawback or allowance (hall be who*c duties made to the exporter in fuch manner, and under fuch rules,	lQ

regulations, and fecurities, and fubjedt to the like penalties and bad^awn forfeitures, as the former drawback or allowance granted by the (aid recited alt of the twelfth year of his prefent Maiefty’s reign, upon tea exported to the faid Britijb colonies and plantations in America was, might, or could be made, and was fubjedt to by the faid recited adt, or any other adt of parliament now in force, in as fall and ample manner, to all intents and purpofes, as if the feveral claufes relative thereto were again repeated and re-enadted in this prefent adt.

II.	And whereas by one other aft made in the eighteenth year of «*Geo.i. the reign of bis late majejly King George the Second, (intituled, recitcd*

An adt for repealing the prefent inland duty of four (hillings per pound weight upon all tea fold in Great Britain ; and for granting to his Majefty certain other inland duties in lieu thereof 9 and for better fecuring the duty upon tea, and other duties of excife 9 and for purfuing offenders out of one county into another,) it is, amongjl other things, enafted, That every perfon who Jhall, at any publick Jale of tea made by the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, be declared to be the hejl bidder for any lot or lots of tea, Jball, within three days after being fo declared the bejl bidder or bidders for the fame, depojit with the laid united company, or fuch clerk or officer as the faid company Jball appoint to receive the fame, forty Jbillings for every tub and for every thejl of tea 9 and in cafe any fucb perfon or perfons JhaU refufe or negleft to make fuch depojit within the time before limited, he, Jhe, or they, JhaU forfeit and lofe fix times the value of fucb depofit direfted to be made as aforefaid, to be recovered by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of bis MajeJlfs courts of record at Weftmin-fter, in which no ejfoin, proteftion, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, Jball be allowed 9 one moiety of which forfeiture JhaU go to his Majejly, his heirs and fucceffirs, and the other moiety to fucb perfon as Jpall fue or profecute for the fame 9 and the fale

Digitized by

Google



Every perfon, after May 10, 177 3,who (hall be declared the higheft bidder at any publick (ale, (hall de-pofit with the company 4J. for every tub or cheft of bohea tea.

Commiflion-ers of the trtafury may grant licence to the Ealt India Company to export to America any quantity of tea they (hall think proper, without penalty.

Aa Will. 3. recited.

Anno decimo teitio Georgii III. c.44.	[1773

of all teas, for which fuch depoftt /ball be neglefted to be made a aforefaid, is thereby declared to be null and void, and fuih td jball be again put up by the faid united company to publick fale, withh fourteen days after the end of the fale of teas at which fuch teas tver fold; and all and every buyer or buyers, who Jball have neglcfled t make fuch depoftt as aforefaid, Jhall be, and is and are thereby renders incapable of bidding for or buying any teas at any future publick $ of the faid united company : and whereas it is found to be expediei and neceffary to incteafe the depoftt to be made by any bidder or bidder for arrf lot or lots of bohea teas, at the publick fales of teas to b made by the faid united company 5 be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That every perfon who (hall, after the tenth day a May* one thoufatid feven hundred and feventy-three, at an] publick fale of tea to be made by the faid united company d merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, be declared t« be the bed bidder or bidders for any lot or lots of bohea tea, ‘(hall, within three days after being fo declared the beft bidda or bidders for the fame, depofit with the faid united company, or fuch clerk or officer as the faid united company (hall appoint to receive the fame, four pounds of lawful money of Gmi Britain for every tub and for every cheft of bohea tea, under the fame terms and conditions, and fubjedt to the fame forfeitures, penalties, and regulations, as are mentioned and contained in the faid recited adt of the eighteenth year of the reign of bis faid late Majefty.

III.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefeid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of them, or for the high treafurer for the time being, upon application made to them by the faid united company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies for that purpofe, to grant a licence or licences to the faid united company, to take out of their Warehoufes, without the fame having been put up to fale, and to export to any of the Britijb plantations in America, or to any parts beyond the fcas, fuch quantity or quantities of tea as the faid commiflioners ot his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafprer for the time being, (hall think proper and expedient, without incurring any penalty or forfeiture for fo doing; any thing in the faid in part recited a<S, of any other law, to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV.	And whereas by an abf made in the ninth and tenth years of th reign of King William the Third, (intituled, An a<ft for railing a fum not exceeding two millions, upon a fund, for payment of annuities, after the rate of eight pounds per centuinpet annum; and for fettling the trade to rhe Etfl Indies,) and by feveral other 08s tj parliament which are now in force, the [aid united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies are obliged to givt fecurity, under their common feoffor payment of the duties of cupM upon all unrated goods imported by them, fo foon as the fame Jball It fold; and for exposing fuch goods to fale, openly and fairly, by waj sj autl'rn, or by inch of candle, within the /pace of three years from tbs

us*

Digitized by LjOCK

n

Anno decimo tcrtio Georgii III. c. 44I

importation thereof: and whereas it is expedient that fame provifm Jbeuld bo made to permit the faid united company, in certain cafes^ to export tea, on their own account, to the Britifti plantations in America, sr to foreign parts, without expofing fitch tea to fale here, or being charged with the payment of any duty for the fame ; be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the Treafury may palling of this aft, it (hall and may be lawful for the commif- the com-C fiooers of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of them, pany for a„y or the high treafurer for the time being, to grant a licence or quantity of licences to the faid united company, to take out of their ware- tca to be c*-houfes fuch quantity or quantities of tca as the faid commiilion-	d*f-

«s of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high charged of* ~ treafurer for the time being, (hall think proper, without the cuftoms. fame having been expofed to fale in this kingdom; and to export fuch tea to any of the Britijb colonies or plantations in America, or to foreign parts, discharged from the payment of any cuftotns or duties whatfoever; any thing in the faid recited aft, or any other aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted by the Entry to be authority aforefaid. That a due entry (hall be made at the made of all tea cuftotn-houfe, of all fuch tea fo exported by licence, as afore-	in5

la d,exprefling the quantities thereof, at what time imported, and (hipped by the by what (hip; and fuch tea (hall be (hipped for exportation by proper officer § the proper officer for that purpofe, and (hall, in all other re-fpefts, not altered by this aft, be liable to the fame rules, regu- fomcc lations, reftriftions, fecurities, penalties, and forfeitures, as tea penalties, ire. exported to the like places was liable to before the pafling of not hereby al-tlus aft: and upon the proper officer’s duty, certifying the (hip* tcred> *• ping of fuch tea to the colleftor and comptroller of his Majefty’s cuftoms for the port of London, upon the back of the licence, officer's and and the exportation thereof, verified by the oath of the hulband colieftor’s or agent for the faid united company, to be wrote at the bottom dutv °.n cx* of fuch certificate, and fwom before the faid colleftor and comp- PortaUon* trailer of the cuftoms, {which oath they are hereby impowered to adeninifter,) it (hall and may be lawful for fuch colleftor and comptroller to write off and difeharge the quantity of tea fo exported from the warrant of the refpeftive (hip in which fuch tea was imported.

VI.	Provided neverthelefs. That no fuch licence (hall be No licence to granted, unlefs it (hall firft be made to appear to the fatisfaftion be granted, of the commifiioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or ^nslbfwtlof more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being;, that at tea be ieft in the time of taking out fuch teas, for the exportation of which a the ware-licence or licences (hall be granted, there will be left remaining houfes. in the warehoufes of the faid united company, a quantity of tea not lefs than ten millions of pounds weight; any thing herein, or in any other aft of parliament, contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

CAP.

Digitized by Google

r

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 45.	[1

CAP. XLV.

An aft for draining and preferring certain fen lands and low grounds, lying in the loath level, part of the great level of the fens, commonly called Bedford Level, between certain old rivers or drains, called Stoke River and Brandon River, and a certain level or diftrift, called FeltweU New Diftrift, and the hard lands of Wood hall in Helgay, and Helgay, in the counties of Norfolk and Suffolk.

Preamble. General diftrift. Firft diftrift. Second diftrift. How the waters are to be conveyed to the fea. Commiflioners for the diftri&s. Firft commiflioners for Hock wold with Wilton, FeltweU Saint Mary, &c. Perfons nominated to be joined with former commiflioners, &c. Owners of 10 acres of land to appoint commiflioners for the ,'econd diftrift. Certificate of fuch eieftion. In cafe of no eleftion, the firft commiflioners to continue. Owner of 100 acres may appoint acommiffioner in cafe he afts himfelf; but if he does not may appoint two. Perfons not to aft as com-tniffioners, unlefs they have 16 acres. Trufteea and committees for minors, lunaticks, and idiots, to (it, vote, and aft, as commiflioners. Joint tenants, &c. to aft as commiflioners. No perfons bolding places of profit, to aft as commiflioners. Times and places of meeting of com mi f-fioners. Expences afcertained to be allowed at the general and other meetings of the commiflioners. Commiflioners may bring aftions in the name of their treafurer, &c. Commiflioners for the two a ill rifts to meet twice a year, for the pttrpofe of direfting the joint works. Commif-fioners may eleft officers, and appoint their falaries. Treafurer to give fecurity. Commiflioners annually to infpeft receipts and diffiurfements, and fettle accounts. Treafurers, colleftors, &c. to attend with their books, and verify on oath, if required. Accounts to be entered in two books, and where to be deposited. Manner and time when officers are to give in their accounts. Balance (if any) to be paid to the commiflioners, or their order. Works to be done in the firft and fecond diftrift. Power to contraft for repairs. Commiflioners to have power to ereft Haunches to keep up a head of water. Commiflioners to make fatisfaftion to the owners of the foil for damages. Juftices tx> determine differences. The banks of Stoke River, deemed to belong to Mr. Joddrel, to be fupported by the prefent leflee, &c. Methwold Load with the fouth bank thereof, to be fcoured, Sec. at the cofts of the leflee. Owners of Methwold Se-verals to repair the tunnel in Broad Fen Load. No mills to throw water into any river, &c. except Brandon and Stoke riven. Mr. Pepper Manky’s right referved. Sam’s Cut and Hunt's Sluice to be fecured and re^ paired at the joint cofts of the two diltrifts. Saving claufe refpefting & certain drain and fluice. Commiflioners of firft diftrift impowered to af-fefs land owners in faid diftrift. Exceptions. Commiflioners of the fecond diftrift ijnpowered to aflefs land owners in faid diftrift. Exceptions. Exemption of high lands. Method of determining difputes with refpeft? to high lands. On default of payment of taxes $ Commiflioners to have power to diftrain. Exception. On negleft to make the bank commif-fioners to order the tunnel to be pulled up. A furvey to be made of the taxable lands in each diftrift, on the oath of the furveyor. Perfons aggrieved may have refurvey. Hock wold with Wilton’s poor’s thirty acres, exempted from any tax. In cafe of default of payment of rates, ai days notice to be given before the day of payment. Tenants to pay the tax* and deduft the fame out of their rent. Lands untenanted to be charged with rates. Commiflioners may let lands unoccupied to pay the rates. Commiflioners of the firft diftrift impowered to borrow money. Commiflioners of the fecond diftrift impowered to borrow money. Money borrowed to be diftinguifhed tor which diftrift. The fum of 1000!. may be borrowed on the credit of the taxes of the firft diftrift, and no more than 30C0I. on the taxes of the fecond d’ftrift. Securities to be affign-able by indorfement, &c. 28. 6d. to be paid for entry. Taxes chargeable with the monies borrowed. Application of money within the two diftrifts. Leflees of Methwold Severals, in confideration of paying no tax, to fupport the bank of the river Stoke. In cafe of the banks of Stoke Kivcr, be negleftcd, the officers, io authoriled, to repair the bank.

79

1773-3 Anno decimo tertio pEORGn-III. c. 45.

lop the breaches, &c. (hall be reimfeurfed their expences by the kffees. Commiflioners refuting to repair Sams's Cut and Hunt s Sluice, Settees of Methwold Several* impowered to authorile the furveyor of the fi. ft ddh id tb repair the fame, and the expence to be borne by the faid commiffionerg.

In cafe of non-payment, on application to a juftice, the money to be levied by diftrefs. Commiflioners of the two diftncls impowered to ered two mills at the weft end of Sams’s Cut, See. Commiflioners of the fecotid diftrid roav ered a mill at the weft end of Sams's Cut, for the benefit of faid diftrid, under certain limitations. Commiflioners of Feltwell new dittrift to pay a proportionable part for the repair of Sams's Cut. How commiflioners may recover money unpaid. Fen reeves of Methwold Common to raife money to repair the bank againft Methwold Common. If fen reeves negled to repair the bank, itffees of Several* may do it. Lands of Mr.Tokelove, Sec. may be drained by the mill ereded by the leafrs of the Several*. Mr. Annefley, Mr. Green and others, to make tunnels next Sams's Cut. Owners of Flegg Fen to fupport the fouth bank of Stoke River. In cafe the banks of Stoke River by Flegg Fen are negleded, method of compulfion. Diitrefs on nonpayment. Tenants repairing the bank may deduct the txpence out of tbeir rent. Leffeea of Methwold Severals to ered one engine for throwing water into Stoke River. Railages may be made acrofs any bank that may be made in Methwold Severals* In cafe the commiflioners of the fecond diftrid negled to repair Wilton Load, and Brandon River, commiflioners may compel. Earth may be taken from commons, &c. gratis. Exceptions. To prevent cutting earth from Northclood, but at particular times. No earth to be taken from the lands of Mr. Manby. Commiflioners may ad as iuftices. Proceedings to be entered in books. Orders not to be reverfed, but at a meeting for that purpofe. Felony on burning of mills, Sec. Penalty on deftroying the works. Mole catching. Penalty on perfons burning banks, xo s. penalty on perfons driving carriages on the banks. Penalty of 501. on perfons difcnarging the water upon other perfons lands. Penalty of 5 1. on pei Tons catting hods. Sec. near the banks; and 51. penalty on perfons cutting watering places for cattle to drink. No buildings to be built near the mills. Penalty. Trees now growing, &c. may be removed. Dikes; &c. to be fcoured. Mills to be injured. Juft ices to adminifter oaths. Form of con v id ion. Con visions not removeable. If plaintiff recover, to have full cofts. Plaintiff not to recover, if tender made. How penalties may be levied. Writings to be without ftamps. Lands dug into turf pools, &c. exempted for 7 years, unlefs occupied, See, and then to pay one half rates. Exemption. To prevent cutting of firing. Commiflioners may ered ftiles. See. To prevent haling of boats along die banks, Sec. Penalty* The commiflioners of Feltwell diltrid to repair Crofs Bank, Scc. On neg-led of maintaining the faid bank, diftrefs on owners for nonpayment. Diftiefs not unlawful for want of form. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the next feflion. Juftices to determine differences. Proceedings not to be ouafbed for want of form. The expences of the ad to be paid out ot the nrft monies. Commiflioners for widening the river Wiffey, and making a bank againft the lands in Fordham. Who may be eommiflioners for the C3re of the river Wiffey in cafe of death, &c. Commiflioners may appoint deputes. Form of appointment. No more than one perfon for the lordlhip of Fordham, &c. to ad for the care of the river. Time, and place where the commiflioners are to meet. Commiflioners of Stoke Ri ver neg-leding to meet, or to adjourn, how the next meeting may be called* Commiflioners to caufe a proper bank to be built. Commiflioners to caufe Helgav bridge to be enlarged. By whom the expences of the work (hall be paid. Commiflioners to advance 4001. tor carrying on the works. Perlons contributing towards the works impowered to apply the money fbrtbofe purpofes. For enforcing the payment of the (eveial proportions of money to be paid. No more than one mill and one gigg to drain into Stoke River. Piovifo. Commiflioners for draining mall not interfere with the commiflioners for widening Stoke River Saving claufe to the corporation of Bedford Level. Limitation of adions. General iffue. Double cofts. Publick ad.

CAP.

Digitized by v^ooQle

Anno decimo tertio GeoRqii III. c. 46,47. [1773/

* ,*

C A P; XLVL

An aft for the more effectual draining and preferring certain fen lands and low grounds in the parifh of Yaxley, in the county of Huntingdon. Preamble. Appointment of commiffioners. Deputies may be appointed to ad in their abfence. Owners of 50 acres to appoint a comnuffioner. If owner of 50 acres be a minor, fuch minor or his guardian to appoint a commifiioner during his minority. Joint owners map be commiloners, and may appoint deputies. Proceedings to be entered in books. Meetings of commiffioners. Commiffioners may adjourn. Commiflioners may act as juftices. No order to be valid, unJefs by order of the commiffioners. Commiflioners to make drains. Sec. making reafonable fatisfaftion to proprietors of foil. Muftard Seed Clofe to remain a common drain. Com-miflioners may make contrads. Commiflioners impowered to drain other lands. Officers to be appointed by the commiflioners. Taxes to be charged by the commiflioners. Surveyors appointed to view the prefent works. Additional taxes in Hog Fen, and Lord's Fen. Owners to give in the quantities of their lands. Commiflioners to borrow money. Application of the money. No aflignment (hall be made for more than too !• Affignments may be transferred. Commiflioners may lend money. Taxes to vefl in creditors. Power to diltrain. Penalty on nonpayment of taxes. Commiffioners may enter on and hold premifes m cafe of nonpayment of taxes within 6 months. High lands exempted from payment of taxes. Perfons'appointed to afeertain high lands. Award to be made in fix months. On death of the above furveyors, others to be chofen. If perfons appointed do not make their award in fix months, others to be appointed. The oath following to be taken. Soke dikes to be made. Land may be pur-chafed for getting materials. Surveyors may dig gravel, See. making fatisfaftion to the owners. Juftices to determine differences. Commiffioners to fettle accounts. Officers to account upon oath. Proceedings of commiflioners to be entered in books, &c, No order of commiflioners to be reverfed without 14 days notice. Penalty on deftroying works, felony} and on damaging works, not exceeding 501. Commiffioners may make allowances for catching moles, Sec. How perfons burning banks are to be punifhed. Perfons difoharging water through the lands of other perfons to forfeit 501. Penalty on perfons deftroying the grounds by cutting of firing. Penalty on turning hogs on the banks. Perfons cutting ditenes. See. within a certain diftance o? any bank to forfeit 51. No houfes, &c. to be built near mills. Commiflioners may cut down trees growing near the mills. Fen lands, Sec. to be affeffed to poor rates. Juftices to admi-nifler oaths. Owner or occupier to cleanfe dikes. Commiffioners to have no power upon The Twelve Foot Drain. Road to be made in Hog Fen. Mills to be infured. Writings to be without ftamps. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the next feflion. Juftices to determine differences. Proceedings not to be quafhed for want of form. Diftrefs not unlawful for want of form. Saving claufe to the corporation of Bedford Level. Thia aft not to prevent tife navigation in The Yard's End Dike and Load* Limitation of actions. General ilfue. Treble cofts. Publick aft.

CAP. XLVII.

An aft to enable the right honourable Sackville earl of Thanet to make a navigable cut or canal from a place called The Spring, lying near Skipton Caftle, in the county of York, to join to and communicate with the navigable canal from Leeds to Liverpoole, in a clofe called Hebble End Clole, in the townfhip of Skipton, in the laid county of York. Preamble. The earl of Thanet impowered to complete a navigable cut near Skipton Caftle. Truftees of the grammar fchool at Skipton may fell part of Hebble End Clofe. All fums arifing from the purchafe of Hebble End Clofe to be laid out in the purchafe of other lands. Arbitrators relative to the prices in money to be paid by earl of Thanet. The earl to ereft and maintain flop gates. Perfons damaging the works to be adjudged guilty of felony. Perfons throwing ballad or jubbilh into the canal

1773 ] Anno dedmo tcrdo Gbokgii lit. c. 48,—57.	81

aal or trench*, to fortit $1. The works not to be fobjtd to tbe cojjaoul * * ot commifEoners of fewer#. Limitation of actions* General Iflue. Tie* ble cods. Fublick ad.

CAP. XLVIII.

An ad for amending and rendering more effc&aal two ads, made, one in tbe eighth and tbe other in the tenth vear of bis prcfent Majcfty’s reign, tor regulating the nightly watch and beadles, and for paving, re* pawing, cleaning* and lighting, the parifli of Saint Mary fe Bone, m the count/ of Msddkfex, ana for other porpofes in the (aid ads men* turned.

C A P. XLIX.

An ad for moreeffe&uaHy executing an ad, pafTed hi the twenty-feventh year of King George the fecund, tor draining and preserving the lands tn the North Level, part of Bedford Level, fo far as relates to the fourth <Hfh-id of the £rid North Level.

Preamble. Additional tax of i s pit acre. Aflcflments to be afcertained attordiog to former furveys, CommHBonert to the former ad to be coqimitoers to this ad. CommifTiantrs to take the oath prescribed by tbe former ad. The duke of Bedford's devi fees may agree for aflikieg die commifEoners in draining tbe fourth diftrid. Tenants to pay the additional tax, and may dedud the fame out of their rents. Leflecs to ecdefiaftical bodies or rations not intitled to dedud the rates. Rates and taxes may be recovered by diftrefs. Unoccupied preadfes to remain liable. . CoomifEonars impowcced to borrow money, and may mortgage tbe rates as a fecurity. Copies of mortgages to be entered in a book, and may be transferred. Creditors deemed equal in degree. Rates to be liatfe to pay the money (o borrowed. This ad not to prejudice the mortgages on the former ad. Writings may be without ftampe. Commt£> boners to appoint clerks, Ac. Receivers to give tiecority and to aooount s on refafal or neglcd to account, may be committed by a juiiice. Rates to be entered in books, and accounts of receipts and difburfements. Proceedings to be entered in books. Saving the right! of the company of conformant. Not to alter tbe powers of the former ad. Limitation of adions. General iflue. Treble cofts. Publick ad.

C A P. L.

An ad for better regulating the poor, and repairing the highways within tbe town and county of tbe town of Southampton.

CAP. LI.

An	at? to	difeottrage tbe practice of commencing frivolous and

vexatious fuits in bis Majefly's courts at Weftminfter, in caufes of eSion arifing within tbe dominion	Wales •, and

for further regulating the proceedings in tbe courts of great feffiions in Wales.

WHEREAS, to the intolerable vexation and charge of his Preamble.

Majefty’s'fubjetts in the dominion of Wales,	hath been

the practice to commence trifling and frivolous fuits in the courts at Weftminfter, upon caufes of aflion arifing within the faid dominion of Wales ; in order that the fame may be tried in the nearefl a'joining Englifh county to that part of the dominion Wales in which the canfeof aftion has	arifen, to diflourage tbe like practices for the fu-

ture ; may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be ena&cd ; and be it ena&ed by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament afltmbled, and by"the au-Vot. XXX.	G	thority.

Digitized by Google

mages to the amount ot jol. j

_tt	Anno	dfecimo	tertio	GeoRGii	III. C.5K [i773»

After J*rt. t. thority of the feme, That from and after the firft day of Janua-th741 *°	on* thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four, in cafe the

inanyapertbo. Pontiff,n any a&ion upon the cafe, for words, aSioa of debt, al aftion, &c. trefpafs on the cafe, affault and battery, or other perfonal ac-where the	tion* Wheffc the £aufe of fuch a6tion (hall arife within the do-

caTfe-	minion of Wales% and which (hall be tried at the affixes, at the

andCbe tried*' ncarcft ^tjglijb county to that part of the faid dominion of Wales at the next	in which the caufe of a&ion (hall be laid to arife, (hall not re-

Englifti coun- cover, by verditft, a debt or damages to the amount of ten ty to that do. pounds . ;n fuch cafe, if the judge, who tried the caufe on evi-notrTCover by l*encc appearing before him (hall certify on the bock of the rc-verdift, da- 7 cord of Nift Prius, that the defendant or defendants was or were refident in the dominion of Wales at the time of the fcrvice of the writ, or other mefne procefs ferved on him, her, or them, in fuch adtion, on fuch fa& being fuggefted on 4he record or judgement roll, a judgement of nonfuit (hall be entered againft the defendant the plaintiff, and fuch defendant or defendants (hall be intitled -(hall be intit- to, and have like judgement and remedy thereon, to recover led to judge- fuch and the like cofts, againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs in cve-medy thereon, *7	a<^‘on>	aa	if	a	verdid had been given by the jury for

if refident in * the defendant or defendants, unlefs the judge, before whom Walts at the fuch caufe (hall be tried, (hall certify, on the back of the record, time ot the that tjje frcehold or title of the land mentioned in the plaintiff’s writTfrc. in"* declaration was chiefly in queftion, or that fuch caufe was profiled aftion. per to be tried in fuch-Engtijb county.

II. And in order to prevent tranfitory atlicnSy where the caufe of aftions does not amount to ten pounds, anting within the principality of Wales,from being brought in any of bis Majefly's courts of record out of the faid principality, be it further enabled, That in all tranfitory actions arifing within the faid principality, which from and after the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feVenty-four, (hall be brought in any of his Majefty*s courts of record out of the faid principality of Wales, and the venue U^ur^oV t*ierc*n ** in any county or place out of the faid prin-mountto^oU cipality, and the debt or damages found by the jury (hall not a judgement amount to the fum of ten pounds, and it mall appear upon the to be entered evidence given on the trial of the faid caufe, that the caufe of thereon, awl a<fti0n arofc in the faid principality of Wales% and that the depay ^coftsof ° Cendant or defendants were refident in the dominion of Wales at luit.	the time of the fervice of any writ, or other mefne procefs ferv-

ed on him, her, or them, in fuch a&ion, and it (hall be fo certified, under the hand of the judge who tried fuch caufe, upon the back of the record of Nifi Prius, (on fuch fatfts being fug-eefled oh the record or judgement roll), a judgement or nonfuit lhall be entered thereon againft the plaintiff, and the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall pay to the defendant or defendants, in fuch a&ion, his or their cofts of fuit * and the defendant and defendants (hall have like remedy to recover the fame as in the cafe of a verdidl given for the defendant or defendants in fuch adion; and, in the taxation of all cofts allowed and given to the defendant or defendants by and in purfu*nc$o£thj$a<ft, the a	proper

In all aftions within Wale* which (hall be brought in courts ot le-cord out of the faid principality, and the debt (hall

Digitized by L,ooQle

1773-1 Anno decimo tcrtio Georgii III. 0.5/.	S3

proper officer fhall allow to the plaintiff or plaintiffs, out of the defendant’s cofts, the full fum given by the verdidt to the plaintiff or plaintiffs for his or their debt or damagesj and, although no judgement (hall be entered for the plaintiff or plaintiffs upon fuch verdict, yet neverthelefs fuch verdi<ft, without any judgement entered thereon, (hall be an effe&ual bar to any aft ion or actions commenced by the plaintiff or plaintiffs for the fame.

HI. And whir fas by an aft, made in the thirty-fourth and Aft 54. Sc 35 thirty-fifth years of the reign of his late Majefiy King Henry the Henry 8. Eighth, intituled. An a<5t for certain ordinances in the King’s dominion and principality of Wales, it is {amongft other things} cnafted, That there /hall be holden and kept feffions, twice in every year, in every of the (hires of the faid dominion and principality of Wales, the which feffions (hall be called. The King’s Great Sejftons in Wales; and that the juftice of Chefier (hall hold and keep feffions, twice in every

Jear, in the (hires of Denbigh, Flint, and Montgomery: and kewife that the juftice of North Wales (hall hold and keep fef-fions, twice in every year, in the (hires of Caernarvon, Merioneth, and Anglefey; and alfo that one perfon, learned in the laws of this realm, by the King's majefty to be named and appointed, (hall be juftice of the (hires of Radnor, Brecknock, and Glamorgan; and (hall likewife hold and keep feffions, twice in every year, in every of the fame (hires j and likewife that one other perfon, learned in the laws of this realm, to be appointed as aforefaid, (hall be juftice of the (hires of Caermarthen,

Pembroke, and Cardigan, and (hall in like wife hold and keep feffions, twice in every year, in every of the fame (hires \ and that the faid perfons, or iuftices, and every of them, then being, or that thereafter (half be, (hall have feveral letters patents and commiffions for their offices under the King's great feal of England, to be exercifcd by themfelves, or their Sufficient deputies, according to the purpofes and intents in the faid ordinances fpecificd : and whereas by one other aft, made in She eigh- Aft 18 JL'vu teenth year of the reign of her late majefiy Queen Elizabeth, intituled,

An a& for the appointing of juftices in the (hires of Wales, it is (amongft other things) enafled, That the Queen’s highnefs, her heirs and fucceffors, may and (hall have full power and authority, from time to time, to conftitute, name, or appoint, two or marc perfons, learned in the laws of this realm of England, to be juftices of and f6r the faid counties of Chefier, Flint, Denbigh, and Montgomery; any two or more, learned as aforefaid, to be juftices of North Wales; (videlicet}, of and for the faid (hires of Anglefey, Caernarvon, and Merioneth; and likewife two or more, learned as aforefaid, to be juftices of and for the circuits and (hires of Radnor, Glamorgan, and Brecknock; and alfo two or more, learned as aforefaid, to be juftices of and for the circuits and (hires of Cardigan, Caermarthen, Pembroke, and the town and county of Haver ford Wefl: and whereas the exercifing the fnver of appointing deputies by fuch juftices may be attended with in- :u(Kcee convenience; for preventing thereof, be it further enafted, That not t0 co juftice now appointed, or at any time hereafter to be appoint-

0 2	e<U

Digitized by 1 L-ooQle

*4

Anno decuno tertio Georgii III, c.51.	[1773*

Juftices in Wale* may nominate deputies fur the before-mentioned pur-pofes.

power hereaf- cd, of or for the faid county of Chetter, or of or for any county, ter of	circuit*	or	(hire,	within trie faid principality or dominion of

by deputy- ** Wales, (hall have any power or authority of exercifing his office except fo/the ^Y deputy, &vc anc* except for the purpofe of calling and ad-purpofeofeal-Journin6 anY court or courts, and receiving any motion or moling and ad	tions appointed, or efpecially directed to be made at fuch court,

journing and for the further purpofe of taking and proclaiming fines, and andlprodain5 arra*Sn,n6 recoveries, in fuch court or courts of each refpedlive ing fines, &cT great feflion and aflizes, within the circuit of fuch juftice; any law, ftatute, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV.	Provided always neverthelefs, and be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That from henceforth it (hall and may be lawful to and for the feveral and refpedtive juftices of and for the faid feveral and refpedtive circuits and counties for the time being, from time to time, and at any time, as occa-fion may reauire, by writing under the hand and feal, or hands and feals, of fuch juftice or juftices refpedtively, to nominate, conftitute, or appoint, any perfon or perfons to be his or their deputy or deputies, for the intent and purpofe of calling and adjourning any court or courts, and receiving any motion or motions, appointed, or efpecially directed to be made at fuch court, and for the further purpofe of taking and proclaiming fines, and arraigning recoveries in fuch court or courts of each refpedtive great feflion and aflizes, within their feveral and refpeftive circuits and counties aforefaid, which perfon or perfons fo appointed (hall have full power and lawful authority fo to do.

- V. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That his Ma-aWign manu«I,Jefty * his heirs and fucceflbrs, (hall and may, under his or their may appoint * royal fign manual, appoint one or more perfon or perfons, learn-perfon* to ex ed as aforefaid, to execute the faid office of juftice in the faid eciite the offiee county palatine of Cbejler, or in any of the faid counties of niace IfVhofe Wales, for the then next enfuing great feflidns, in the place and .......... ftead of any of the faid juftices, who (hall, by illnefs, be prevented attending upon fuch great felfions, and fo as often as the neceflity of the cafe (hall require; any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

VI. And whereas it is conceived that the fttitors in the court of the King's great feffions in the dominion and pr incipality of Wales will, in many caps, experience great benefit and advantage by having iucb junesmay their fuits tried by jpccial juries $ be it therefore further enafted rtecourt»Vt*1 ^ the authority aforefaid, That the juftices of his Majefty's great felfions in Wales, upon motion made on behalf of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, or on motion of any profecutor or defendant in any indidtment cr information of any mifdemca-nour, or on the motion of any plaintiff* or plaintiffs, defendant or defendants, in any a&ion, caufe, or fuit whatfoever, depending, or to be brought and carried on, in any his Majefty’s courts of great feflions in Wales, (hall and may, ifi cafe fuch juftices in their diferetion (hall think fit, order and appoint a jury to be (truck before the proper officer of fuch courts, for the trial of any ilfue joined in any of the faid cafes, in fuch manner

as

His Majefty,

who, by ill nefi, fhall be prevented from attending.

Suits to be tried by fpecial juries; and

Weitminittr,

Digitized by

Google

1773-1 Anno decimo tcrtio Georgii III. c.51.	85

as.fpecial juries have been ufuilly (truck in the courts of law at Wejlminjler* upon trials at bar had in the faid courts; which jury fo (truck as afore faid (hall be the jury returned for the trial of fuch iffue as afore&id.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the au- Party apply, thority aforefaid, That the perfon or party who (hall, by virtue >95 for a of this odt, apply for fuch fpecial jury, (hall not only bear and Ih7fees pay the fees for ftriking juch jury but (hall alfo bear, pay, and forftriking discharge all the expences occafioned by the trial of the caufe by fuch jury, and iuch fpecial jury, and (hail not have any further or other allow- al* aoce for the fame, upon taxation of cods, than fuch perfon or	of thw

party would be imitled unto in cafe the caule had been tried by caurc, a common jury, unlefs the judices or judice before whom the caufe is tried mall, immediately after the trial, certify in open court, under his or their hand or hands, upon the back of the record, that the fame was a caufe proper to be tried by a fpecial

JTm. And* to prevent tie demand or payment of extravagant fees Perfom who of jurymen returned under the authority of this afl* be it further on- AwH lerve on atted by the authority aforefaid. That ho perfon who (hall ferve be allowed upon any jury, appointed or returned by authority of this a&, above il. is. Hull be allowed, or take, for ferving on any fuch jury, more for fuch ier-*. than the fum of money which the judices or judice who tries the vic€* iffue or iffues (hall think jud and rcafonable, not exceeding the Aim of one pound one (hilling, except in caufes where a view hath been or (hall be directed.

IX' And for the greater eafe and benefit of all perfons whomfoever jatiicts may. in the toting of affidavits to he made ufe of and read in the courts of im power per-his Mcyefty's ftffi*** ** Wales, m all matters and caufes what- Sw» to take fever depending, or to be depending, in all or any of the courts afore- Je™?n U* con~ fmi% or in any-wife concerning the proceedings of or in the fame* be cerdinfsTn* it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That the judices of the t^eir circuits) refpedtive courts of great fedions in {Pales for the time being (hall and may, by one or more commidicm or commlflions, under the feal of the faid refpective courts, from time to time, as need (hall require, impower fuch and So many perfons as they (haU think fit and neccffary, in all and every the feveral (hires and counties within their refpedtive circuits in the faid dominion of {Palis* to take and receive all and every fuch affidavit and affidavits as any perfon or perfons (hall be willing and delirous to make before any of the perfons fo impowered in, or concerning any caufe, matter, or thing depending, or hereafter to be depending, or in any-wife concerning any of the proceedings to be in their rofpc&iye circuits of great fedions, as the judices of hit Majeftv’s court of King’s bench, or common pleas, or the lord trealucer, chancellor, and barons of the court of exchequer for the time being, do ufe to do; which (aid affidavits, and the a (fid*, taken as aforefaid, (hall be filed in the feveral and refpeflive of- JJil* fices of the faid feveral and refpe&ive courts of great fedions, and the fame null and may be read and made ufe of in the faid 0f the rcfpcc-rdpe&ive courts to all intents and purpofes, *1 other affidavits five courts.

c 3	taken

86	Anno	decimo tertio GeoRGH III. c.gt. [1773;

taken in the (aid rcfpeftive courts now are; and that all and every affidavit and affidavits, taken as aforefaid, (hall be of the fame force as affidavits taken in the faid refpe&ive courts now are; and all and every perfon and perfons forfwearing him, her, or themfelves, in fuch affidavit or affidavits, (hall incur and be liable unto the fame penalties, as if fuch affidavit or affidavits had been made and taken in open court; which faid feveral commiffions (hall be made out by the prothonotary, upon a fiat or warrant from the faid juftices for the time being of the faid refpedive courts of great feffions in Wales; and the laid prothonotary (hall caufe an entry to be made in a book to be kept for that purpofe of the names of the perfons to whom fuch commifi-fions are, from time to time, granted, and the refpedtive times when iffued ; and the following fees (hall be paid for each com-ipiffion, and no more; (to wit), the fum of two (hillings for the fiat or warrant; the fum of four (hillings for making out the faid commifiion, befides the King’s duty, and value of the parchment; and the fum of four (hillings for fealing the fame ; and every commiffioner, or perfon fo impowered, (hall take and receive, for the fwearing of every affidavit before him, the fun* or fee of one (hilling, and no more.

No commif- X. Provided neverthelels, That no perfon appointed a com-fioner (hall tniflioner as aforefaid (hall take or receive any affidavit during v^durin the t*^c t*me °f holding the great feffions, or affizes, for the coun-time of hold- ty or place in which fuch caufe, matter, or thing, (hall be ing ailizei. depending.

Officers who XI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That fuch have hereto- officers of the faid feveral and refpe&ive courts of great feffions fore taken affi- in Walesy 'as have heretofore taken or fworn affidavits, (hall and davits may may continue fo to do, in the fame manner as if this adt had continue lo to not been ,na<ic. an„ thing herein contained to the contrary * *	notwithftanding.	i

XII.	Andy to give greater eafi and benefit to all perfons within the faid dominion of Wales, in taking the recognizances of fpecial Juftices of the bails upon all aflions and fuits depending, or to be depending, in any courts of great of the courts of bis Mojejty great fejfions in Wales; be it further feffions may enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the juftices of the re-fon^°to take^ ^Pe<^ive courts of great feffions in Wales for the time being (hall iccogmzances and may> by one or more commiffion or commiffions, under of bail; the feal of the faid refpeitive courts, from time to time, as need (hall require, impoyver fuch and fo many perfons (other than common attorneys or folicitors) as they (hali think fit and ne-ceflary in all and pvery the feveral (hires and counties within their refpedtive circuits in the faid dominion of Walts, to take and receive all and every fuch recognizance or recognizances of bail or bails, as any perfon or perfons (hall be willing or defi-r6u$ to acknowledge or make before any of the perfons fo impowered in any action or fuit depending, or hereafter to be depending, in the faid refpedtive courts, or any of them, in fuch manner and form, and by fuch recognizance or bail piece, as the juftices of the (aid courts of great feffions refpedtively have

ufccj

Digitized by

>ogle

1772-1	Anno decimo tertlo Georgii III. c. 51/	9j

ufed to take the fame; which faid recognizance or recognizances, bail piece or bail pieces, fo taken as aforefaid, together with an affidavit made of the due taking of the recognizances of fuch bail or bail piece, by fome credible perfon prefent at the taking thereof, (hall be tranfmitted to the prothonotary’s office, ^ ^ there to be filed of record, paying fuch fees as have ufually been tranfmitted to received for the taking of fpeaial bails by the juftices clerks, and the prothono-other officers of the faid refpedfcivc courts, which recognizance i*ry* office to of bail or bail piece, fo taken and tranfmitted, (hall be of the ** like effect, as if the fame were taken before any of the faid juftices 5 for the taking of every which recognizance or recognizances of bail or bail piece, tne perfon or perfons fo impowered (hall receive only the fum of or fee of two (hillings, and no more.

XIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, juftices to That the faid juftices of great feflions, in their refpeduve courts, make rules for (hall and may make fuch rules and orders for the juftifying

fuch bails, and making the fame abfolute, as to them (hall Teem meet, fo as the cognizor or cognizors of any fuch bail or bails be not compiled to appear in perfon in any of the faid courts, to juftify him or themfelves; but the fame may be, and is hereby directed to be determined by affidavit or affidavits, duly taken before the faid commiffioners, touching the value of their refpedlive eftates.

XIV.	Provided always. That the attorney for the defendant Notice

or defendants (hall give notice to the plaintiffs attorney of the given of the taking of fuch bail vyithin eight days after the caption thereof, taking of fud| and that the plaintiff (hall be at liberty, within eight days after by the fuch notice, to take exception to fuch bail, and enter the fame attorne^to in the prothonotary’s office; and fuch exception having been thC attorney taken, the bail (hall be juftified before the juftices, before the for the plain* rifing of the fecond court at the enfuing feflions; and the bail utf. bond taken by the (heriff, under (heriff, or other officer, for the defendant’s appearance, (hall remain in force until fuch fpecial bail (hall have been finally juftified as aforefaid ; but the plaintiff, neverthclefs, (hall be at liberty to file his declaration conditionally in the prothonotary’s office; and the defendant, in cafe fuch declaration (hall have been delivered feven days before the firft day of the fefliqn next epfuing the return of fuch writs,

(hall plead thereto, before the rifing of the fecond court of fuch great feflions, unlefs. further time (hall be given him by the court for that purpofe.

XV.	And whereas all writs relating to ablions depending in the Original writs, courts of great /efftons, in the feveral counties in North and South bills, ic. Thaii Wales, are returnee at the great fejfton held rtfpetlively for the be mafjc fc* faid counties, and at no, other time, by which means no action that fo^th/iu-* commenced, (except where the defendant or defendants voluntarily ap- ftices of North pear), can be brought to ijfue, and tried before the fecond feffion and South after fuch aftion is commenced at the foonefl, which is ufually near a Walts. year, and a great delay to the fuitors of the faid courts: for remedy

whereof, and for the greater eafe and benefit qf the faid fuitors,

c 4	be

Anno dccimo tcrtio GeorOII III. tf.51.' be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four, all original writs, bills, and all mefne procefs whatfoever, by which any a&ton (hall be commenced or feed in the faid courts of great feffions for the laid counties of North and South Wales, (hall and may be made returnable before his Majefty's juftices refpeAively of the feveral counties of North and South Wales, on the firft Wednefday in any month, in each of the two vacations, annually, betwixt the two feffions, or on the firft day of the next feflions, at the eleAion of the plaintiff or plaintiffs, his* her, or their attorney, who (hall fue out the fame: and that all fuch writs or procefs which (hall iffue out of the faid court?, returnable in the vacations as aforefaid, and whereon or wherewith the defendant or defendants (hall be arretted, or ferved with a copy or copies, fuch defendant or defendants (hall appear and file fpecial bail, or enter a common appearance, as the cafe (hall require, on the day of fuch return, or within fourteen days next after; and in cafe of negleA in bailable aAions, the fheriff, under (heriff, or other officer, (hall, at the requeft and cofts of the plaintiff or plaintiffs, in fuch aAions, his, her, or their attorney, affign to fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs the bail bond taken for the defendant's appearance upon the arreft, by indorfment and atteftation under his hand, in the prefence of two or more credible witneffes 5 and the plaintiff or plaintiffs in fuch aAion, after fuch affignment made, may bring an aAion or fuit upon fuch bail bond in his, her, or their own name or names; and the faid courts may, by rule or rules thereof refpeAively, give fuch relief to the plaintiff and plaintiffs, defendant and defendants, in the original aAion, and to the bail fo fued upon the bail bond, as is agreeable to joftice and reafon; and m cafe on fervice of the copy of any writ or procefs (having notice thereunder written, purporting the intent of fuch fervice), returnable in the vacation time as aforefaid, the defendant or defendants fo ferved therewith, (hall not appear at the return, or within fourteen days next after the return thereof, as aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the plaintiff or plaintiffs in fuch aAion, upon affidavit being made, and filed with the prothonotary of the faid refpeAive courts, or his deputy, of the perfonal fervice of fuch writ or procefs as aforefaid, to enter a common appearance or appearances for the defendant or defendants, and to proceed thereon as if fuch defendant or defendants had entered his, her, or their appearance; and fpecial bail having been filed, or a common appearance entered, as the cafe (hall require, the plaintiff in fuch aAion may proceed to file his declaration; and the defendant or defendants, in cafe fuch declaration (hall have been delivered feven days before the firft day of the feffian next enfu-ing the return of fuch writ, (hall be bound to plead thereto, before the rifing of the fecond court of fuch great fefTion, to be holden for the county or place in which fuch action (hall have

been

Digitized by v^.ooQle

1773*3 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 51.	89

been brought, unlefs the court (hall think proper to allow further time for that purpofe.

XVI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Original bill*

That from and after the firft day of January, one thoufand fe- how to be ven hundred and feventy-four, every officer or clerk belonging	***

to the feveral courts of great feffions in the principality of JValts%

who (hall fign any original writ or bill, relating to adtions depending in the faid courts of great feffions, (hall, at the figning thereof^fet down upon fuch original writ or bill the day and yearof his figning the fame, which mall be entered upon the remembrance, or in the book where the abftradts of fuch original writ or bill (hall be entered, upon pain to forfeit the fum of five pounds for every offence or negledl of fuch officer or clerk a-' forefaid 5 to be recovered by any peribn who (hall fue for the (ame, by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no wager of law, protection, or effoin, or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed.

XVII.	And whereat by fundry flatties, penalties are given for

sffinues thereby provided agatnfi, and fuch penalties are direfted to be to he** Jued for and recovered in his Majejlfs courts of Weftminfter only, faed and and the enabling the refpeftive courts of great feffions to hold pleas, covered. or to have cognizance in all fuch cafes arifing or happening within their refpeflive jurif'diftions, would be for the eafe and benefit of the inhabitants of the dominion d/’Wales; be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four, in all cafes where any penalty or penalties is or are given by any ftatute, and the fame is, are, or (hall be diredted to be recovered in the courts of Wtfimnjltr, or either of them, excepting fuch as may by the laws now in being be filed for only in his Majcfty’s court of exchequer, and the offence for which any fuch penalty or penalties hath or (hall be given (hall be done or committed in any of the counties of Wales* and the defendant or defendants liable to the fame (hall be refident within the jurifdidtion of the great (effion held for any county of Wales, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the plaintiff or plaintiffs, profecutor or profecutors, or other perfon to whom any fuch penalty is given, or who (hall be intitled to fue for the fame, in every fuch cafe, to fue for and recover the fame in the courts of great feffion refpedtively in Wales* within which fuch penalties have or fhall be incurred, in fuch manner and form as he, (he, or they, might have done in the courts at Wejlyinjler; and that the (aid refpedtive courts of great fefltdn (hall have jurifdidtion as fully, to all intents and purpofes, as if the faid courts had been refpedlively named in all and every of the faid adts, and the powers thereby given extended to the (aid refpedtive courts.

CAP.

Digitized by Google

go	Anno decimo tertio Grorgii III. c. 52.	[1775*

CAP. LII.

An aft for appointing wardens and ajjaymafters for affaying wrought plate in the towns of Sheffield and Birmingham. Preamble* ‘TTTHERE AS the filverfmitbs and plate-workers in and about VV the town Birmingham, in the county 0/Warwick, and in and about the town */" Sheffield, in the county of York, are under, great difficulties aud hardJUps in the exercife of their trades, for want of ajfayers in convenient places to affiiy and touch their wrought plate: for remedy wlureof, be it enadied by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confcnt of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afierabled, and by the authority of the fame. That the fcveral towns of Birmingham and Sheffield aforefaid (hall be, and are hereby appointed for the allaying and marking of wrought fjlver plate, and for executing the powers, authorities, and directions, given by this adt.

The guardi- II. And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That the V* of the	carl of Dartmouth, the right honourable lord Archer, the right

jtandar o jlonoura|>]e Hen cage Finch, commonly called lord Guernfey; the wroM£ P ’right honourable George Greville, commonly called lord Grevillei the right honourable Francis Conway, commonly called lord Beauchamp; fir John Wrottefley baronet, fir Henry Bridgman baronet, the honourable John Ward, Richard Geaji, John Wyrley, lfaac Spooner, Henry Gough, Charles Colemore, John Taylor, Samuel Corbitt, Henry Carver fenior, Joftpb Wilkinfon, Sampfon Lloyd, junior, Thomas Ingram, Edward Palmer, John Kettle, JoJhua Glover, Matthew Boulton, John Francis, Thomas Mynde, Samyel Pemberton, John Turner fenior, John Lee, William Sawyer, John Lane of Mofely, James AUlon, Matthew Barter, Jofeph Adams of Walfalf^ James Wright, Samuel Gallon, smd James Jaclfon, (hall be, and are hereby incorporated a company of pr belonging to the faid town of Birmingham; and that the moft honourable Charles marquis of Rockingham, the earl of Stafford, the earl of Effing-bom, Godfrey Ba^nall Clark, Anthony Saint Leger, Samuel Shore the younger, Samuel Tooker, Henry Howard, Walter Oborne, the reverend James Wilkinfon clerk, Benjamin Roebuck, Thomas Broad-ben', John Shore, George Qreaves, John Turner, Thomas Bland, George Brittain, Samuel Stanifortb, Simon Andrews Young, Jofeph Matthewman, John Hoyland, Henry Tudor, John Winter, Albion Cox, John Rowbotham, Joftpb Hancock, Matthew Fenton, IViliiam Marjden, Thomas Law, and Jofeph Wilfon^ (hall be, and are hereby incorporated a company of or belonging to the faid town of Sheffield, and (hall be called and known by the name of The guardians of the Jlaniard of wrought plate, within fuch towns re-fpedtively, and (hall continue of fuch company fo long as they live and refide in fuch towns refpedtively, or within twenty miles thereof; which companies refpedtively (hall be enabled, and are hereby authorifed, on or before the fifth day of July next, to meet at fosne convenient place within each town refpec-tively, and chufe four perfons by majority of voices out of each

com-

1773-1 Anno declmo tertio GeoRGII III. c. 52.	91

company refpedlively, to be the wardens of the faid company in each of the faid towns refpectively; which faid wardens fnall continue for the fpace of one year, and no longer, unlefs re-eleded by the company in manner aforefaid.

III.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That Other perfons each of the faid companies refpedhvely (hall be enabled, and are tobechofen in hereby authorifed and directed, annually, on the firft Monday in JboVaHdi^ July in every year, out of fit and proper perfons refident in fuch ^ f0ur towns refpedtively, or within twenty miles thereof, to chufe, by dens to be

a majority of members prefent at any meeting to be held for defied, that pnrpofc, one or more perfon or perfons into the faid companies refpefiively, in the place and ftead of fuch of the faid company who (hall have died or removed to a greater diftancer than twenty miles from fuch towns refpedtively, fo as by reafon of fuch choice there (hall not be, when the company is com-pleat, more than nine or lefs than fix plate-workers members of each company refpedlively; and that immediately after fuch companies (hall be fo filled up in manner aforefaid, they (hall be enabled, and are hereby authorifed and direfied, to proceed to the election of the four wardens for the year enfuing, in manner aforefaid ; and if any of the faid wardens fo chofen as afore-fiud (hall happen to die, or remove to a greater difiance than twenty miles out of fuch town, then the faid companies refpectively (ball, within one month after fuch death or removal, chufe another perfon of each refpedtive company, in manner aforefaid, to be warden in his room ; and fuch perfon (hall and is hereby authorifed and required to a St accordingly for the remainder of that year.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, No fiWer plat®

That no filverfmith or plate-worker in either of the faid towns,x? **	un*

or within twenty miles thereof, (hall knowingly put to fale, ex- {hanbeimarlu change, or fell any filver vcflel, plate, or manufacture of filver, cd with the made or wrought in either of the faid towns, or within twenty initials of the miles thereof, after the twenty-ninth day of September next, or "order’s export the fame out of this kingdom, until fuch time as fuch namc> filver vefifel, plate, or manufactured filver, (being of the ftand-

ard of eleven ounces two penny weight of fine filver per pound tray,) (hall be marked as followeth; that is to fay, with the mark of the worker or maker thereof, which (hall be the firft letters of his chrifiian and furname; and alfo with the lion paflanr, and with the mark of the company within whofe aflay office fuch plate (hall be aflayed and marked, to denote the goodneft thereof, and the place where the fame was aflayed and marked ; and alfo with a diftinCt variable mark or letter; which letter or mark (hall be annually changed upon the election of new wardens for each company, to denote the year in which fuch plate is marked, or plate being of the fiandard of eleven ounces ten penny weight of fine filver per pound weight trey, with the mark of the worker or maker thereof, which (hall be the firft letters of his chrifiian and furname, as aforefaid, the figure of a woman commonly called Britannia, the £}id mark or letter to denote

Digitized by

Google

*

9*

Anno decuno tertio Georgii III. c.52;	£ 177	3.

Peculiar marks of the Birmingham and Sheffield companies.

eleaedby0 ** That each of the (aid companies (hall, from time to time, eled botbVoinpa- an^ c^ufe9 in manner aforefaid, one or more able and (kilful nies.	perfon	or	perfons, experienced in the aflaying of filver, to be

the aflfayer or aflayers; and that fuch perfon or perfons ibehofen (hall continue in the faid office during his or their life or lives, tinlefs he or they (hall negleCt to attend the (aid bufiaefs, or (hall die, or be rendered incapable of executing the faid office of aflfayer; for which laid aflfayer or aflayers it (hall and may be lawful to detain eight grains only from every pound troy of filver he or they (hall allay, four grains whereof (hall be pot into the box of diet, and the other four grains (hall be allowed him towards his wade and fpitlings in making the faid afiays; and every af-fayer and aflayers, chofon in purfuance of this a<5t, immediately after his or their election or elections, and before he or they take upon himfelf or themfelves the execution of the faid office, (ball enter into one bond or obligation to the matter of his Ma-jefty’s mint for the time being, with two fufficient fureties, to be approved of by the faid matter, in the penalty of five hundred pounds, for the execution of the faid office, and for the due payment of all fuch fines and fums of money as are and (hall be charged and impofed on him or them by this aft, fot* negleCt or fraud in the execution of the faid office; and (hall alto take and fubferibe the oath following; videlicet,

Affaytr soath. t A. B. do /wear, That I will be faithful and true to ourfovereign JL lord King George, and will, fo long as I continue an ajfayer, u/eU and faithfully behave ntyfelf irt the faid office} and no undue profit to tnyfelf takey to the hurt or hinderanceof any perfon that is owner or bringer of any fiber in plate to be ajfayed, except of wrought plat* only, four grains of every pound weight to be taken and put into the box of diet, and other four grains to be taken Ukewije of every pound weight of plate wrought, (and not otberwife,) towards my wejle and

Jpillings

note the year as aforefaid, and with the mark of the company within whofe office fuch plate (hall be aflayed and marked, upon pain that all fuch filver veflels, plate, or other manufactured filver, (except fuch things as by reafon of their fraallncfs or thinnefs are not capable of receiving a touch), which (hall be made, expofed to fale, exchanged, or exported, contrary to this ad, (hall be forfeited, or the value thereof, one moiety thereof to the King s majetty, bis heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety thereof to fuch perfon or perfons as will fue for the fame; to be recovered by action of debt, bill, fuit, or information, in any court of record in any county or place wherein fuch offence (hall be committed, and wherein no eflbin, protection, wager of law, or any more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

V.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That the peculiar marks of the (aid companies, directed to be ufed as aforefaid, (hall be as follows; that is to fay, for the Birmingham company, an anchor; and for the Sheffield company, a crown.

VI.	And be it further enaCted bv the authority aforefaid.

Digitized by v^,ooQle

x773-3 Anno derimo tertio Georgii IH. C.52.	s%

fallings in making the faid affays 5 and that I will touch no fiber but what Jball be of the goodnefsof and according to the Jlandard of this kingdom, which, for the time being, is or Jball be appointed by law for wrought plate, or better; and all fuch fiber as /ball be brought to me to be touched, 1 will carefully examine, to fee if it be of alt one fort of fiber, and forward enough in the workmanJbip, and whether all the pieces be fixed together that are intended to be affixed together, and whether it be not charged with unneuffary folder; and if I find the fame liable to either of the objections aforefaid, I will not ajfay the fame; and that 1 will truly fet down in writing all fuchfiber as Jball be brought to me to bo touched, and the fame, at all times, as I JhaR be required, will duly and truly deliver again, (except eight grains as aforefaid;) and will true accounts make thereof, when required by the wardens of the company wherein I am cbofen ajfayer; and that 1 will no affays make of things new wrought, before that they be marked with the mark of the maker or owner thereof; and that I wiR, according to the bejl of my Jkill and judgment, make every ajfay fo, and in fuch fort and manner, as men bejl afeertain the true intrinfiei Jlandard of fuch plate Jo to be ajfayed 5 and that 1 will not put, or wittingly foffer to be put, into the aforefaid box, any fiber but that fiber which has been fcraped and taken in my prefence from the plate which I Jball ajfay and pafis for Jlandard; and that I wilt not, by my-frtf, or in partnerjbip with any other perfon, diredly or indirectly, be concerned in the buying or felling of fiber bullion, or in the manufacturing of wrought plate.

So help me God.

which oath the matter of his Majefty’s mint in the tower of London for the time being, or in his abfence his deputy in the faid office, is hereby required and impowered to adminifter to fuch a flayer.

VII.	Provided always neverthelefs, and be it enafted by the On death of authority aforefaid. That if any perfon chofen aflayer in purfu^ *K*Ycr* &c*, ance of this a<5t, (hall negledt to attend the faid bufinefs, or (hall ^caPjwriother. die, or be rendered incapable of executing the faid office; that

then, and in either of the faid cafes, it fhall and may be lawful to and for that company to whom fuch aflayer did belong to cled and chufe, in manner aforefaid, one other fit and proper perfon to be the aflayer, in the place and (lead of the aflayer fallen under either of the deferiptions aforefaid.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Each compa-That each of the faid companies fhall find and provide, w ithin nY toProJ!de their refpedtive towns, a proper place for an pffice for receiving the? *** in, allaying, and delivering out all wrought plate that fhall be Wl0ught plat* brought to be affayed in purfuance of this a; and that all to be exa.nin-wrought plate that lhall be there brought for the purpofe afore- cd bX t*o faid (hall be examined by two of the wardens and aflayer of the #c*n<* faid company, to fee if it be all of one fort of filver, and forward an *tTm enough in the workmanfhip, and whether all the pieces be

affixed together that are intended to be affixed together, and whether it be marked with the maker or owners mark, or be

nor

Digitized by Google

94

If bafe meta\ be found in any piece of plate, the fame (hall be broken, and the value for* feiied.

If no bafe ipetal be found on cutting fuch plate, recom-pcnce to be made.

Drawings, lcrapingt, &c. how to be d:f-pO'cd of.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52.	[1773.

not charged with unneceflary folder; and that if they (hall find any of fuch plate liable to either of the objections aforefaid, that then they (hall return the fame without making any aflay thereof ; but if they (hall find fuch plate free from all the objections aforefaid, that then there (hall be drawn, fcraped, or cut off, in the prefence of two of the wardens and affayer, fo much from each piece, in proportion to the weight thereof, as will not exceed in the whole the rate of eight grains for every pound weight; and the drawings, fcrapings, or cuttings off, from each piece, (hall immediately alter be divided into moieties in the prefence of the faid wardens and aflayer ; and a moiety of the drawings, fcrapings, or cuttings off, from each piece, be delivered to the aflayer, for him to make his aflays, and the other moiety (hall be locked up with three different locks in a box to be provided for that purpofe, (which (hall be called 7'be JJfayer's Box,) and the refpeCtive keys thereof (hall be kept by two of the wardens and affayer of fuch refpe&ive company by whom fuch affayers (hall be elefled and chofen.

IX.	And be it further enaCled by the authority aforefaid, That if on view of any of the faid plate fo brought to be affaycd, and after weighing the fame in water, and trying the effedt of magnetifm, the wardens and aflayer, or either of them (hall have fufpicion of iron, or other bafe metal, being introduced or concealed in any piece of plate fo brought to be aflayed; that then it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid wardens and affayer to cut the fame, or caufe the fame, in their prefence to be cut; and if upon cutting thereof any unneceflary iron, or other bafe metal, (hall be found therein, the faid piece of plate (hall be broken and defaced, and they are hereby authorifed and diredled to break and deface the fame; and the faid plate, or the value thereof, (hall be forfeited to the faid wardens and aflayer, and the produce thereof be by them applied towards the expences of the aflay office.

X.	Provided always, neverthelefs, and be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That if on cutting fuch plate, by authority aforefaid, no unneceflary iron, or other bafe metal, (hall be found therein; that then, and in fuch cafe, the faid wardens, and affayer (hall forthwith make a recompence and fatisfaflion, in money, to the owner of fuch plate, to the full amount of the damage done to the fame, and charge the lame to the account of the expences of the aflay office.

XL And be it further ena&cd by the authority aforefaid. That the moiety of the drawings, fcrapings, or cuttings off, of each piece fo brought to the aflay office as aforefaid, and the moiety thereof to be locked up in the aflayer’s box as aforefaid, (hall be put in feparate papers, and marked with correfponding numbers, and the aflayer (hall make his report to the wardens upon each piece; and fuch of the faid numbers, as the aflayer (hall report to be worfe than ftandard, the pieces of plate correfponding with fuch numbers (hall be broke to pieces in the prefence of the faid wardens and affayer, and returned to the

owner,

Digitized by v^ooQle

95

tyj3.3	Anno doamo teruo Georgii Hi. C. 52.

owner, he paying lixpence per ounce to the aflayer for affaying the fame ; and fuch numbers as the faid aflayer (hall report to be ftandard or better, the pieces of plate correfponding with fuch numbers (hall be forthwith marked in the prefenee of the wardens and aflayer, with the company’s mark, and delivered to the owner or bringer of fuch plate, (he paying for making the aflay thereof fuch (urns of money as are herein-after directed to be paid for the fame;) and the ferapings belonging to fuch correfponding numbers which fhall be To reported ftandard, or better, (hall be taken out of the aflayer’s box and be Folded up, aod the name of the maker of the plate indorfed thereon, and immediately depofited in a box to be provided for that purpofe,

(which fhall be called The Diet Box^j and which box (hall be locked with three different locks, and the rcfpeAive keys thereof (hall be kept hy two of the faid wardens and aflayer; and which faid box (hall never after be opened but in the prefence of the (aid wardens and aflayer, or any of the diet taken thereout, but for the purpofe of trial thereof annually, as hereafter is mentioned ; and the moiety of the ferapings, drawings, and cuttings off, which fhall be delivered to the aflayer for the purpofe of affeying, or fo much thereof as (hall remain after fuch procefs,

Hull, in the prefence of the wardens, be put by the aflayer together in the affayer's box, in a part thereof to be appropriated tor that purpofe, to be difpofed of as by this alt is hereafter duelled.

XII.	Provided always peverthelefs, and be it enaAed by the Provifo. authority aforeiaid, That if any plate fo brought to be aflayed (hall be reported to be of the ftandard of eleven ounces ten-penny weight, or better, that then the moiety of the drawings, ferapings, or cuttings off from fuch plate, fhall be put in the diet box, in a part thereof to be appropriated for that purpofe, and not blended with the other diet, to the intent that the diet of plate of each of the aforefaid ftandards may be feparately tried on the annual trial of the diet herein-after direfied.

XIII.	And be it further enaAed by the authority aforefaid, Silverfmhh or

That on or before the twenty-ninth day of September next, plate-worker every filverfmith or plate-worker inhabiting in either of the	wfch

towns aforefaid, or within twenty miles of either of them, and the wardens of alio every perfon who, at any time after the faid twenty-ninth that company day of September, (hall follow the trade of a filverfmith or plate- neareft which worker, before he takes upon him to cxercifc either of the faid he (hall iclkU, trades (hall enter his name and his mark, and place of abode,

with the wardens of that company neareft winch he (hall refide, which fhall be done by the faid wardens upon demand, without fee or reward ; and if any fuch filverfmith or plate worker (hall not enter his name and mark, and place of abode, as aforefaid, or (hall refide and carry on his faid trade in any other place than what he has fo entered as the place of his abode, and (hall not

have entered his removal, or (hall ftrike any other mark on plate than what is fo entered, fuch filverfmith or plate worker fo offending fhall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, to be Hull forfeit recovered and difnpfed of as aforefaid,	*ool.

XIV

Digitized by VjOOQ 1C

96

Perfons conn ter fei ting of marks or damps ufed by the ('aid companies }

ex poling fuch to lale ;

Anno decimo tcrtio Geokgii HI. c. 52.	[ 1773.

XIV.	And be it farther enaAed by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon whatfoever (hall call, forge, or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be cad, forged, or counterfeited, any mark or damp ufed, or to be ufed, for marking plate, in purfuance of this aA, or by any maker or worker of filver plate, or any or either of them ; or (hall cad, forge, or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be cad, forged, or counterfeited, any mark, damp, or impredion, in imitation of, or to refemble any mark, damp, or impredion made, or to be made, with any mark or damp ufed, or to be ufed, as aforefaid, by the faid companies refpeAivcly, or by any maker or worker of diver plate, or any or either of them i or (hall mark or damp, or caufe or procure to be marked or damped, any filver wrought plate with any mark or damp vyhich hath been or (hall be forged or counterfeited in imitation of, or to refemble any mark or damp ufed, or to be ufed, as aforefaid, by the (aid companies refpe&ively, or by any maker or worker of filver plate, or any or either of them; or (hall

or tranfooGng tranfpofe or remove, or caufe or procure to be tranfpofed or re-ftacnps from moved, from one piece of wrought plate to another, or to any anotrtcr^and P^atc^ vcflel, or to any veffel of bafe metal, any mark, damp, or * ' impredion, made, or to be made, by or with any mark or (tamp ufed, or to be ufed, as aforefaid, by the faid companies refpec-tively, or by any maker, or worker of filver plate, or any or either of them ; or (hall fell, exchange, or expofe to fale, or export out of this kingdom, any filver wrought plate, or any veflH of bafe metal, with any fuch forged or counterfeit mark, damp, pr impredion thereon, or any mark, damp, or impredion, which hath been or (hall be tranfpofed or removed from any other piece of plate, knowing fuch mark, damp, or impredion, tobefored, counterfeited, or tranfpofed, or removed, as aforefaid; or mall wilfully or knowingly have or be podefled of any mark or damp which hath been, or (hall be, forged or counterfeited, in imitation of, or to refemble any mark or damp ufed, or to be ufed, as aforefaid, by the faid companies refpeAively, or by any maker or worker of filver plate, or any or either of them ; every fuch perfon offending in any, each, dr either of the cafes aforefaid, tran(ported to being thereof lawfully conviAed, (hall, by order of the court *mnca or before whom fuch offender fhall be conviAed, be tranfported to fome of his Majedy's colonies or plantations in America for the term of fourteen years.

XV.	And be it farther enaAed by the authority aforefaid, That if any working filverfmith or dealer in wrought plate, or any worker or dealer in any other metal plated or covered with filver, (had drike, or caufe to be druck, any letter or letters upon any vcfTel, or other thing made of metal plated or covered with filver, or upon any metal vcffel, or other thing made to look like filver; fuch perfon or perfons fo offending fhall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds; to be recovered and difpofed of as aforefaid. ,

XVI.	And be it further enaAed by the authority aforefaid, That all and every filverfmith and plate-worker (hall fird fix

his

(hath on con vtfhcn, be

H years.

Dealers in

plated metal caufin* letters to be firuck thereon,to forfeit icol.

A (layers to take not exceeding is. for

Digitized by <^.ooQle

1773-1 Anno dfeclfrici tertio GeoRGII III. c. 52.	%	97

his or their mark upon his or their plate which (hall be made everylb. troy from and after the twenty ninth day of September next, (except °f fuch things which by reafori of their fmallnefs or thinnefs are pa* a^c not capable of receiving the touch,) and (hall then bring or fend the fame to the office where they (hall have entered their mark, and place of abode, and the fame (hall be there allayed according to this a<ft; and if by the aflaver it (hall be found to be of thefinenefs of ftandard, which for the time being is or (hall be appointed by law for wrought plate, or better, then the fame (hall be marked with the company’s mark, in the prefence of the wardens and aflayer; and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid aflayer, or fuch other perfon as the wardens for the time being of each refpeflive company (hall appoint, to a(k, demand, take, and receive, of and from all and every fuch perfon and perfons as (hall, from time to time, bring to the aflay office belonging to the faid company any piece or parcel of wrought plate to be aflayed, tried, and marked, fuch prices, fums of money, or rewards, as they (hall think fit, fo as fuch prices, films of money, or rewaras, do not exceed the fura of one (hilling for every pound Troy, and fo proportionably for every greater or lefs quantity of plate fo aflayed and marked.

XVII.	Provided nevertnelefs, That if any parcel or Angle One (hilling piece of wrought plate (hall be brought or fent to the faid office ** taken# to be aflayed, which, according to the rate or price herein-before ^av*d do not limited, (hall not amount to the fum of one (hilling, then there amount to the (hall be paid for aflaying and marking fuch parcel or (ingle limited rate, piece of wrought plate a fum of money or reward not exceeding

one (hilling; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any-wife notwithftanding.

XVIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Aflayers not That the aflayers fo to be chofen by virtue of this a6t as afore-

(aid (hall not difeover, by defeription, in words, or otherwife, to pauem^&c. any perfon or perfons whatfoever, any pattern, defign or inven- of plat* tion, of any piece of filver plate brought, or to be brought, to brought to be the office to be aflayed as aforefaid, or permit the fame to be » viewed or feen by any perfon whomfoever, but the wardens and other perfons neceflarily employed, or to be employed, in the faid office; and alfo (hall keep a book or books, wherein (hall be (hall enter entered the names of every owner of plate brought to be aflayed, ownersln* *• andtheaffortment of plate aflayed, and an account of the money books; and received for the aflaying thereof, and likewife an account of the an account of monies arifing from the ferapings and cuttings-off of the faid Servants, plate (b brought to be aflayed, when the fame (hall be fold in fa,aries* manner herein-after directed, and alfo an account of the officers andfervants (alaries and wages, and other incidental expences attending the carrying this adt into execution; and that every member of each refpedlive company (hall have free accefs to the faid books, and to the infpe&ion thereof.

XIX.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Marks to be That the marks belonging to each of the faid refpcfiive compa-

nies (hall be locked up in a box with three different locks, and locks, the keys

VoL. XXX.	H	the	ef which are

Digitized by

Google

98	Anno	decimo	tertio	GeoRGH	III.	C. 52.	[*773.

to be kept by the refpedlive keys thereof (hall be kept by two of the wardens two wardens, ancj *(1^^ 0f fuch refpe&ive company, and (hall never be taken er • and**!?** thereout but in the prefence of two of the faid wardens, and af-plate marked fayer, for the purpofe of marking the plate which (hall have in their pre- been aflayed and reported (tandard, and which plate (hall be fence.	marked in the prefence of two of the faid wardens and aflayer,

and thd* marks immediately after locked up in manner afore* On conni- faid : and that if by connivance of the faid wardens the aflayer yance of the fhall mark, or fuffer to be marked, any plate with the company’s wardens, if mark, any otherwife than in the prcfence of the two wardens ;

difcover Mt- or ^ he ^all mark any P,atc t*lat has 1101 becn duty affay«i and terns, &c. he found (tandard; or if he (hall difeover, by defeription, in words, (hall forfeit or otherwife, to any perfon or perfons whatfoever, any pattern, aooL	deiign, or invention, of any piece of filver plate brought to the

office to be aflayed as aforefaid; or wittingly or willingly permit or fuffer the fame to be viewed or feen by any perfon whomfo-ever, but the wardens and other perfons neceuarily employed in the faid office; he (hall forfeit and pay the fum of two hundred pounds; to be recovered and difoofed of in manner aforefaid, and (hall be turned out of his office, and be rendered ever after incapable of exercifing the office of an aflayer.

Scrapings and XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, J? ** That the aflayer of each refpedive company (hall, four times in 7m Jn every «?«y year, duly weigh, in the prefence of the wardens of the year.	»id company, all the ferapings and cuttings-off of filver depofit-

ed in the aflayer’s box, after report thereof made as aforefaid, and enter the true weight thereof in a book to be kept for that purpofe ; and that when the fame is fo weighed and entered, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid wardens to fell and difpofe thereof, and, after entering an account of the produce thereof in the book belonging to fuch company, containing „ their receipts and payments for and on the account of the aflay office, pay and apply the lame for and towards fuch payments. Diet box to XXI. And be it further cna&ed by the authority aforefaid, be, once in That the diet box belonging to each of the faid companies, (hall, the oncc *n cve,7 year, be opened in the prefence of the aflayer and pretence of	the four wardens belonging to each company, and the diet

the aflayer therein be taken out and carefully packed up in two feparate and the four parcels, if of different ftandards, without opening the papers wauk.is; containing the fame, and carefully fecured and fealed with the rofpedlive feals of the faid wardens and aflayer, and by them, in cadi other’s prefence, delivered to a ineflenger, to be by him and conveyed conveyed to his Majefly’s mint in the tower of London, and de-to the mint, livered to the mafier of the mint, or his deputy, taking a receipt from him who (hall fo receive it for the fame, which receipt the faid mafter, or his deputy, are hereby directed to give; and that the ineflenger conveying the fame (hall, at the time of the delivering thereof to the faid mailer, or his deputy, make oath before the faid mailer, or his deputy, (which oath the faid mailer, or his deputy, are hereby authorifed and directed to adminiftcr,) that he received the box or parcel (as the cafe may

6	be;

*773-3 Anno decirtio tertio GfioRGii 111. C.	99

be) from the wardens and aflayer of the company, fo fealed as on the delivery thereof, and that the fame had not been opened after he had fo received the fame,

XXII.	And be it further enatfed by the authority aforefaid. Matter of the That the matter of his Majefty’s mint for the time being, or mint to Pr*fer his deputy, (hall, within fourteen days next after the faid diet fh^Iordsof (hall have been fo delivered over to him as aforefaid, prefer a the treafury, memorial to the lord high treafuref of Great Britain, or lords f°r trial of the commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury for the time being, re- £!?* quelling a time to be fixed for the trial of the faid diet by the

King's affay-matter of his Majefty’s mint before the lord high 1 treamrer of Great Britain, or lords commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury for the time being, or whom he or they appoint; and that the faid matter of the mint, or his deputy, (hall, by * letter, to be fent by the general poft, give fuch aflayer, whole faring notice diet is to be tried, notice of the time and place appointed forever 1°^ fuch trial, that he may be prefent, if he thinks fit; and (hall, on prefent* that day whereon the lord high treafurer of Great Britain, or lords commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury for the time being,

(hall appoint, and in the prefence of him or them, or of fuch per* ions to be appointed by him or them, as aforefaid, deliver the hSA diet, fo received by him as aforefaid, unopened to his Majefty’s aflay-mafter of the mint aforefaid, who, in the prefence of the lord high treafurer of Great Britain, or lords commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or of fuch perfons to be appointed as aforefaid, (hall duly aflay and try the fame by the indented pieces herein-after directed to be made, in fuch manner as by the perfons then prefent (hall be thought neceflary, and make a true report thereof; and if upon fuch trial the fame (hall be (bund agreeable in finenefs to the faid refpe&ive indent trial pieces, or better, that then his faid Maiefty’s aflay-mafter (hall return the faid diet to, or to the order of the wardens and aflay-mafter of the company aforefaid, who are hereby authorifed to fell and difpofe thereof; and having entered the produce thereof in the book of accounts of the receipts and payments relative to the aflay office from whence fuch diet (hall be fent, to pay and apply fuch produce for and towards the neceflary expence of fuch office.

XXIII.	Provided always neverthelcfs, and be it enadled by If the diet if the authority aforefaid. That if, on the faid trial, the faid diet no* found fuf-(hall be found not agreeable in finenefs with the faid trial pieces, ^"Veafrayl according to the refpedlive ftandards thereof, but worfe; *r (hall lorfeit that then, and in fuch cafe, the affayer belonging to that com- aool* pany, whofc diet (hall be fo tried, (hall forfeit and pay the fum

of two hundred pounds to be recovered and difpofed of as afore-&id, and (hall ever after be rendered incapable of acting as an aflayer.

XXIV.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby enabled and declared. Overplus of That in cafe the faid prices, fums of money, or rewards, hereby

given, granted, or allowed, to each company, in each of the in profecuting (aid towns refpedUyely, for the aflaying and marking wrought offenders.

H 2	plate.

Digitized by Google

IOO

Two indented trial pieces to be mnde by the wardens and aflayer; which (hall be tried at the mint by the aifay-mailer.

Sums payable yearly to the mailer of his

M a jelly's mint.

Companies to make byelaws.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. £2. [1773.

plate, (hall raife more money th&n (hall be fufficient to defray the neceflary expences of the faid refpedlive aflay offices, then the overplus money (if any) (hall be refpedtively applied by each company, from time to time, in the profecuting offenders againft this a & ; and if fuch profecutions (hall not require the whole of fuch overplus, that then the faid prices, fums of money, or rewards, (hall afterwards be leflened in proportion by the refpec-tive companies aforefaid; and they are hereby required to take fo much lefs for the aflaying, trying, and marking, wrought plate, for the future, as will anfwer the purpofes aforefaid only, without bringing any profit to any of the faid refpe6tive companies ; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithftanding.

XXV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That the wardens and aflayer of each of the faid refpe&ive companies (hall, from time to time, as occafion fhall require, make, or caufe to be made, two indented trial pieces, whereof one (hall be of the ftandard of eleven ounces two pennyweight of finefilver, and eighteen pennyweight of alloy in the pound weight troy, and the other of the ftandard of eleven ounces ten penny weight of fine filver, and ten penny weight of alloy in the pound weight troy; and after the faid two trial pieces fhall be made as aforefaid, they (hall be brought to his Majefty’s mint in the tower of London, and there be aflayed and tried by his Majefty’s aflay-mafter; and when the fame fhall have been fo aflayed and tried, and found to be of the refpe&ive ftandarejs aforefaid, one moiety of each piece (hall be delivered back to the aflayer who brought the fame, and fuch moieties fhall be depo-fited by him in his office as guides for trying fuch plate as (hall be brought to his office to be aflayed, arid the other moieties fhall remain in his Majefty’s mint, in the cuftody of the mafter and worker for the time being, thereby to try the diet directed to be allayed by his Majefty’s aflay-mafter as aforefaid.

XXVI.	And it is hereby further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That each of the faid refpe&ive companies (hall, before the aflay of their diet, yearly and every year, pay to the mafter of his Majefty’s mint, or his deputy, for the ufe of his deputy, and to the King’s aflay-mafter, the leveral fums following; (that is to fay,) to the mafter of his Majefty’s mint, or his deputy, the fum of three pounds three (hillings, and to the King’s aflay-mafter the fum of ten pounds ten (hillings by way of recompence for the trouble and expence they will refpedtively have and incur by menus of the trial of the faid diet, in manner aforefaid.

XXVII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid refpedtive companies, or the major part of them, and they are hereby authorifed and impowered, from time to time, to make byelaws, rules, and orders, for the well-government and management of their refpeclive offices, and for fixing the falaries and rewards of their refpe&ive officers, and for fixing the time and manner for receiving in and delivering out plate brought to be

aflayed.

Digitized by v^ooQle

*773-] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52.	101

a flayed, and for every other purpofe relative to the conduA or management of fucn office, fo as fuch bye-laws, rules* and orders, do not in any refpeA contradiA this aA, or the laws of the realm.

XXVIII.	And be it further enaAed by the authority afore- Wardens to faid. That each of the wardens of the faid companies (hall after his eleAion, and before he takes upon him the execution of the oath. S faid office, take and fubfcribe the following oath ; videlicet,

I A. B. do [wear, That I will, fo long as 1 continue a warden, well and faithfully behave myfef in the faid office; and that I will not difcoverj by defcription in words or otherwifey to any perfon or perfons wbatfoevery any pattern, defigny or invention, of any piece of fiver plate, brought, or to be brought, to the office to be affaycd, or wit-tingly or willingly permit the fame to be viewed or feen by any perfon whomfoevery but the perfons neceffiarily employ edy or to be employed, in the ajfaj office; and that I will in all things conform to the rules laid down for my conduct in an aft of parliament, paffied in the thirteenth year of the reign of King George the third, (intituled, an aA for appointing wardens and aflay-mafters for aflaying wrought plate in the towns of Sheffield and Birmingham.)

So help me GOD.

which oath any juftice of peace refiding in the county where fuch office is eftablifhed is hereby requited and impowered to adminifter to fuch wardens.

XXIX.	And be it further enaAed by the authority aforefaid.

That if any perfon or perfons (hall at any time hereafter recover judgement in any court of record againft any aflay-maiter of either of the companies aforefaid, for any penalty im-pofed on him by this aA, for neglcA or fraud in the execution of his office, and fuch penalty, together with the cods adjudged,

(hall not be paid within the time prefcribed by that court, wherein fuch judgement (hall be obtained; that then and in fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the matter of P*1™1*9 ad-his Majefty’s mint for the time being, and he is hereby autho-rifed and direAed to affign over to fuch perfon or perfons fo fay-matter's recovering fuch judgement the faid bond or obligation fo direA- bond affigned ed to be entered into by the faid aflayer and his fureties to the t0 him. matter of his Majefty’s mint, as aforefaid, in order to enable fuch perfon or perfons to bring one or more aAion or aAions thereon againft fuch aflayer and his fureties, or either of them, or the heirs, executors, or adminiftrators of them, or either of them, for the recovery of fuch penalty fo recovered againft the aflayer, together with the cofts adjudged * in which laft-men-tioned aAion or aAions it (hall be fufficient for the plaintiff to prove the execution of the faid bond, and of the aflignment thereof, and the former judgement recovered againft the aflayer, in order to intitle fuch plaintiff to judgement and execution.

XXX.	Provided always neverthelefs, and it is heieby enaAed Ifin any ac-by the authority aforefaid. That if in any aAion to be brought t,oni|)r^g^t h 3	(on	00 tnc bOQ0*

Perfons recovering judgement againft an aflay-matter, and not being paid the

Digitized by v^.ooQle

ioi	Anno	decimo	terrio	Georgii	IH.	c.	53,	54.	[1773.

▼erdift be on the fame bond, as lad afordaid, a verdi# (hould be given given for the for the defendant, or the plaintiff be ponfuited, that then the nen£aiitL. co^s	vOrdifl	°r	nonfuit (hall be paid by the aflignee of

paid by the	bond,	and	rafter	of	his	Majefty’s	mint	be	wholly

aflignee. exonerated and difcharged therefrom ; any law, ufage, or ftatutc, to the contrary in any-wife notwithftanding.

Publick aft# XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That this ad (hall be deemed and taken to be a publick ad j and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whatfoever, without fpecially plead? mg the fame.

CAP. LIII.

An ad to enable the inhabitants of the parifli of Saint Matthew Bethnal-Green, in the county of Middlefex, to pay debts already contra&ed in finifring and turnifliing their workhoufe, and on account of the poor of the faid parifh j and tor their further relief.

CAP. LIV. jin aft for the more ejfeftual prefervation of the game in that fart of Great Britain called Scotland ; and for repealing and amending feveral of the laws now in being relativo thereto.

Prtwiblp' XTTHEREAS the laws already made for the prefervation of VV game in that part of Great Britain called Scotland are found, by experience, to be inefficient for that purpofet without being altered and amended; may it therefore pleafc vour Majefty that it may be enaded ; and be it enadled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this prefept parliament af-ferfons tak- fembled, and by the authority of the fame. That every perfoa who (hall wilfully take, kill, deftroy, carry, fell, buy, or have in his or her poflfcflion, or ufe any muir fowl or tarmargan, between the tenth day of December and the twelfth day of Angufl in any year; or any heath fowl, between the tenth day of December and the twentieth day of Augujl in any year ; or any partridge, between the firft day of February and the firft day of September in 3ny year; or any pheafant, between the firft day of February and tne firft day of Oftoher in any year ; (hall, for every bird fo taken, killed, deftroyed, carried, fold, bought, found, or pfed, forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds fterling : and in cafe pf not paying the ium decreed within the fpace of ten days after conviltion by a final fentence, (hall fuffer imprifonment for two Not to expend months for each five pounds fterling thereof, to pheatants, jj prQVided always, That nothing in this a& (hall extend

ing, killing, felling, or buying, muir fowl, &c. between Dec. 10) and Aug. is, Scc. (hail forfeit, for fvery bud fo deftroyed, 51.

the fearon/al-t° an7 pheafant or partridge which (hall be taken in the lowed, and feafons allowed by tl>is a#, and kept in any mew or breeding

kept in breed- place*

ing places, IH. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, Any	*^at	every	perfofi	whatfoever,	not	qualified	to	kill	game	in	Scot*

riTglme, kndy vybo (hall have in bis or her cuftody, or carry, at any time

of

Digitized by CjOOQle

103

of the year, upon any pretence whatfoever, .any hares, par- having game fridges, pheafants, muir fowl, tarmargans, heath fowl, fnipes, inhiscuftody, or quails, without the leave or order of a perfon qualified to kill game in Scotland,, for carrying fuch hares, or other game, or for qualified, to having the fame in his or her cuftody, (hall, for the firft offence, forfeit »o«. forfeit and pay the Aim of twenty (hillings fterling; and for the for the firft, fecond, and every other fubfequent offence, the fum of forty (hillings fterling: and in cafe of not paying the fum decreed 491*r enc* within the (pace of ten days after convidtion by a final judgement, (hall (offer imprifonment for fix weeks for the firft offence, and for three months for the fecond, and every other fubfequent offence.

IV.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That every Penalties for perfon who (hall make muirburn, or fet fire to any heath or firft and fub-muir, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, from the JMlucnt °f* eleventh day of April to the firft day of November in any year, fons making* (hall forfeit and pay the fum of forty (hillings fterling for the muirburn * firft offence, five pounds fterling for the fecond offence, and ten from April u. pounds fterling for the third and every other fubfequent offence:to Nof# u and in cafe of not paying the fum decreed within the (pace of

ten days after convidtion by a final judgement, (hall fuffer imprisonment for fix weeks for the firft offence, two months for the fecond, and three months for the third and every other fab* fequent offence.

V.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. If any rauir-That the tenant, pofleffor, or occupier of the ground upon burnJj? d!fJ, which fuch muirburn (hall be made or difcovered within the Vth7rime forbidden time aforefaid, (hall be deemed and taken to be guilty forbidden, of the offence, and (hall be liable to the feveral penalties afore- occupiers of fakl, unlefs fuch tenant, pofleffor, or occupier, (hall prove, to th®5r|?uJJ5l the fatisfadHon of the court before which he or (he (hall be pro- unlefs they# fecuted, that fuch fire was communicated from fame neighbour- osal) prove the ing ground, or was raifed upon his or her ground by fame other contrary, perfon not in his or her fervice or family.

VI.	Provided always, and be it enadled by the authority Proprietor of aforefaid. That every proprietor of high and wet muir lands, *«t lands m the heath upon which frequently cannot be burnt fa early as the cuMtioTmy eleventh day of April, may, wnen fuch lands are in his own burn heath * occupation, burn the heath upon the fame at any time between between the the eleventh and twenty-fifth day of April in any year, without ylh & *sth incurring any of the penalties oefore mentioned; and when * utho-fuch lands are let, the proprietor, or his commiflioner or fac- rjfc their te-tor, may, by a writing under his or their hands, authorife his nantsfotodo, tenant or tenants in fuch lands to burn the heath thereon, at

any time between the eleventh and twenty-fifth day of Aprils in any year, without incurring any of the penalties before mentioned.

VII.	Provided alfo. That the writing authorifing fuch burn- Writings au-ing, when the lands are in the occupation of a tenant, (hall, pre- t!

vious to fuch burning, be recorded in the fheriff or ftewart court heath, as books of the county or ftewartry within which the lands are, aforefcud, to

H 4

and

Digitized by

i©4

fee recorded in the (heriff court books.

Offences may be enquired into and determined by the juices, #p.

Perfons convicted to pay the penalties within ten days, or the fame may be Jev ed by diftrels.

Anno dccimo tertio Georgii III. c. 54.” [1773.

and which the (heriff or ftewart clerk of fuch county, or ftewr artry, is hereby ordered and directed to do, upon receiving payment of the fees ufually paid for recording writings.

VIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That all offences againft this ad fhall and may be enquired into and determined, either by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, or by the confeffion or oaths of the parties accufed, before any two or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace, or before the (heriff, or ftewart-depute, or fubftitute, of the county where the offence (hall be committed, or where the offender (hall be found ; and that all profecutions for offences againft this ad (hall be carried on, either at the inftance of the fifeal of the court in which the profecution is brought, or of any other perfon who will inform or complain.

IX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon convided of any of the offences againft this ad (hall not pay the penalty or forfeiture decreed againft him or her* within the fpace of ten days from and after a final judgement of convidion, it (hall and may be lawful for the juftices of the peace, (heriff, or fte wart-depute, or fubftitute before whom the information, complaint, or adion may have been brought, upon the application of the profecutor, to grant warrant for levying the penalties or forfeitures, by immediate dif-trefs and fale of the offenders goods and moveables, together with the cofts and charges attending the levying thereof, returning the overplus, if any be, to the owner; or to grant warrant for committing the offender to the common gaol of the county, for the time fpecifipd in this ad, as fatisfadion for the penalty or forfeiture incurred, or until payment: and in cafe a warrant for levying the penalty by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s gpods and moveables (hall be firft applied for and obtained, and that the penalty or forfeiture (hall not be recovered in con-fequencp thereof, it (hall and may be lawful for the juftices of peace, (heriff, or ftewart-depgte, or fubftjtute, who granted the warrant for levying the penalty or forfeiture by diftrefs and fale of the offender's goods and moveables, upon its being certified to him or them by the officer emp'oyed in executing the warrant, either that he has been able to recover no part of the penalty or forfeiture, or that a certain part, to be certified by him, ftijl remains unrccovered, tp grant warrant for committing the offender to the common gaol of the pounty for the time fpecified in this ad, as fatisfadion for the penalty or forfeiture incurred, pr until compleat payment (hail be made of the penalty or forfeiture incurred and decreed.

' X, And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That one moiety of penalties or forfeitures to be incurred

bow to be ap fQT any 0ffencc againft this ad, (hall, when recovered, be paid P1C ’	to	the	profeputor, and the other moiety (hall be applied to the

ufe of the poor of fhe parilh, or to the repairing of the high roads within the parifh where the offence (hall be committed, ?s the jufljees pf thp peace, or the (heriff or ftewart-depute, qr

futb

fn cafe tbe

penalty cannot be recovered by di-flreli, offender# to be combatted.

Penalties and forfeitures

Digitized by v^.ooQle

*773-] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 54105

fubftitute, (hall direct, before whom the offender (hall be com-v idled.

XI.	Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority Perfonithink-aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to or for any perfon them, conceiving himfelf or herfelf aggrieved by any decree of the juftices of the peace, or (heriff, or dewart-depute, or fubftitute, peaUo^hcT in fuch profecutions, to complain and feek relief by appeal to next court of the next circuit court of judiciary of the circuit wherein the judiciary * county is where the decree is pronounced ; or where there are and where no circuit courts, to the court of judiciary at Edinburgh, by tak- therc.are no ing and entering an appeal in open court, at the rime or pro- courts, to the nouncing fuch decree, or at any time thereafter within ten days, court of juf-by lodging the fame in the hands of the clerk of the court, and ticiary at ferving the adverfe party with a duplicate thereof perfonaily, or Edinburgh, at his dwelling-houfe, or his procurator or agent in the caufe ; and fuch fervice (hall be fufficient fummons to oblige the profe-cutor to attend and anfwer at the next circuit court which (hall happen to be held, at lead fifteen days after fervice, or at the firft court of judiciary which (hall be held at Edinburgh, in the cafe where there are no circuit courts, at lead fifteen days after fuch fervice *, and thereupon the judge or judges at fuch circuit court, or in the court of judiciary at Edinburgh, (hall and may proceed to cognofce, hear, and determine: and in cafe they Sentence of (hall find the reafons of any fuch appeal not relevant, or not feid court to indru&ed, or (hall determine againd the party appealing, the ** judge or judges (hall condemn the appellant in fuch cods of fuit as lhall appear to be jud and reafonable, and the decree fo pronounced (hall be final and conclufive to the parties.

XII.	Provided alfo, and be it enaeded by the authority afore- Perfons ap-

faid. That when an appeal is taken, the appellant, at the time pealing to of entering his or her appeal, (hall lodge with the clerk of the lo.dgc a bon<* court from which the appeal is taken a bond, with a fufficient	fcQ*rk

cautioner, for paying the furn or fums contained in the decree paying the appealed againft, to far as affirmed and approved of by the judge- fums appeal-ment upon the appeal, and for paying the cods of fuit, if any ed againft, (hall be awarded ; and the clerk of court (hall be anfwerable for ^ncd for cofts* the fuffic.ency of fuch cautioner.	Ifl ’cafc of

XIII.	Provided likewife, and be it enabled by the authority difficulty be-7 aforefaid. That in cafe any circuit court (hall, on hearing any fore the cir-fuch appeal, find any fuch difficulty to arife, that by means c^urt» thereof fuch circuit court cannot proceed to the determination Sedings^0" of the fame, confidently, with judice and the nature of the cafe ; thereupon

in any fuch cafe, and not otherwife, it (hall and may be lawful may be hid to and for fuch circuit court to certify fuch appeal, together ,heJ?r.c thc with the reafons of fuch difficulty, and the proceedings there-upon had before fuch circuit court, to the court of judiciary at Edinburgh, Edinburgh, which is hereby authorifed and required to proceed and be there in and determine the fame.	finally deter-

XIV.	Provided always. That no penalty or forfeiture in this "Vn? *.

aft (hairbe recovered, unlefs the profecution for recovering a^^ast,on 0 thereof (hall be commenced within fix months after the offence committed.

XV. And

Digitized byCjOCK^lC

io6

No perfon liable tor fuch offence till after June 24.

A 61 a^Geoi 1.

A£t 3 Geo. 3.

and aft 6 Geo. 3. repealed.

Preamble.

After 24 June 177}, no perform wilfully to kiii,&c. Black Game, between Dec. 10. and Aug. 20 $ nor Red Game, between Dec.

10. and Aog. 12.}

nor any bu-ftard,beteen March 1. and

Sept. 1.

Anno derimo terdo Georgii III. c. 55. [1773;

XV.	Provided alfo, That no perfon (hall be liable to any of the penalties or forfeitures hereby enadted, except for fuch offence as fhall be committed after the twenty-fourth day of June9 one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-three.

XVI.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the paffing of this prefent a<ft, an adt, parted in the twenty fourth year of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled. An aft for the better preservation of the game in that part of Great Britain called Scotland ; and an a£t9 parted in the third year of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for the better prefervation of the game in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for repealing part of an aft, paffed in the twenty-fourth year of his late Majejly> For the better prefervation of the game in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and fo much of an adt, parted in the fixth year of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft to extend an aft* made in the fourth year of the reign of King George the Firfy intituled, An a for the further preventing robbery, burglary, and other felonies; and for the more effe&ual tranfportation of felons, and unlawful exporters of wool; and for declaring the law, upon fome points relative to pirates, to that part of Great Britain called Scotland, fo far as the ad\ relates to the more effectual tranfportation of felons ; and for amending and rendering more effectual the laws for reftraining muirburn in forbidden time, in that part of the united kingdom as limits the time for making muirburn; (hall be, and are hereby declared to be repealed.

CAP. LV.

An aft to explain and amend the feveral laws now in being* fi far as the fame relate to the prefervation of the Moor or Hill Game.

WHEREAS the laws now in beings relative to the prefcreation of the moor or bill gamey have been found very inefficient to an fiver the purpofe for which they were intended: and whereas fome further regulations are become abfolutely neceffary to prevent the total defiruftion of that fpecies of game; .may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enadted ; and be it enadled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament artembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-three, no perfon or perfons (hall, upon any pretence whatfoever, wilfully take, kill, deftroy, carry, fell, buy, or have, in his, her, or their pofleflion or ufe, any heath fowl, commonly called Black Gamey between the tenth day of December and the twentieth day of Augujly in any year; nor any groufe, commonly called Red Gamey between the tenth day of December and the twelfth day of Augujly in any year; nor any buftard, between the firft day of March and the firft day of September, in any year.

II. And

Digitized by

Google

1*73.] Anno decimo tcrtio Gborgii III. c. 55.	107

0.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Penalty on That from and after the faid twenty-fourth day of Juni> if any pcrfons of-perfon or pcrfons (hall, in any of the cafes aforefaid, offend, con- *cnd,n£ contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a61, every fuch per- 10 tlu$ ion (hall, upon due convi&ion, for the firft offence, forfeit and pay any fum or fums of money not exceeding twenty pounds, nor lefs than ten pounds5 and for the fecond and every fubfe-quent offence, any fum or fums of money not exceeding thirty pounds, nor lefs tnan twenty pounds; to be levied and recovered in manner as herein is after mentioned.	*

III.	And be it further enacted. That all fuch forfeitures Forfeitures and penalties, fo to be incurred as aforefaid, (hall and may be and penalties recovered by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any be reco-of his Majefty’s courts of record at Weftminjier, or great fefiions

in JVales, wherein no efloin, protection, nor wager of law, nor COrd at Weft-more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed: provided fuch miniter; a&ioo be brought within fix calendar moriths after the matter or thing done, for which the fame (hall be commenced or exhibited.

IV.	And be it further enaCted, That it (hall and may be And by infor-lawful for any perfon whatfoever, (except the perfon liable to mation before pay any fuch forfeitures or .penalties,) to proceed to recover any ^^ct* °* of the aforefaid forfeitures and penalties, by information and ^ coun cocviClion, before any juftice or juftices of the peace of any

county, city, corporation, divifion, riding, precin&, or liberty, wherein the offence (hall happen 5 and fuch juftice, or juftices are hereby authorifed and empowered, upon due proof made upon oath by one or more credible witness or witneffes, or by the confeflion of the party accufed, to caufe the faid forfeiture to be forthwith paid ; and, in cafe of negleCt or refufal, to levy whomaygrant the fame by diftrefs and fale of the offender's goods and chattels, warrant to by warrant under his or their hand and feal, or hands and feals, {5v]aii,c^inc together with all cofts and charges attending the fame, return- y n ing the overplus, if any, to the owner; and every fuch forfeiture, when paid or recovered, (hall be applied, one moiety to the informer, and the other moiety to the poor of the parifti where fuch offence (hall have been committed ; and it (hall and may be lawful for fuch juftice or juftices to order fuch offender to be detained in fafe cuftody until return may be conveniently bad and made to fuch warrant of diftrefs, unlefs the party fo convicted (hall give fufficient fecurity, to the farisfaCtion of fuch juftice or juftices, for his appearance before him or them, on the day appointed for the return of the warrant of diftrefs, fuch day not exceeding five days from the time of taking fuch fecurity; which fecurity the laid juftice or juftices is and are hereby im-powered to take by way of recognizance, or otherwife : and in cafe no fufficient diftrefs can be had, fuch juftice or juftices (hall commit fuch offender to the common gaol, or houfe of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding fix, nor lefs than three, calendar months, unlefs the money forfeited, and all cofts and charges attending the profecution, (hall be iboner paid and diicharged.

V. And -nooTp

Digitized by VjOOV LL

io8

No perron to be doubly profecuted.

Form of conviction.

Get k to caufe a copy of the conviction to be deii .ertd on payment of i s.

Juftices may adminiiter an oatu.

No perfon to b proceeded againlt for offences unlefs information it made.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c.55. [1773.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enadted, That no

offender againft the prbvifions of this adt (hall be profecuted for the fame offence both by action of law and by information before a juftice of the peace; but, in cafe of any fecond profecu-tion, the perfon fo doubly profecuted may plead in his defence, the former profecution pending, or the convidtion dr judgement thereupon had,	■	.

VI.	And, for the more eafy convidtion of offenders againft: this adt, be it further enadted. That the form of the convidtion (hall be drawn up in the following, or like form of words *

BE it remembered, That, on the	icy	of

in the year of our lord	A. B.

having appeared before me, or usy	one	or	more of

his Majejiys juftices of the peace (as the cafe may be) for the county of	and due proof having been made, upon oath, by

one or more credible witnefs or wtneffes, or by confejfton of the party, (as the cafe may be,) is convifled of (fpecifying the offence, with the time and place where the fame was committed, and alfo fpecifying, if known, that it is the firft, fccond, or any fubfe-quent offence againft this adt, as the cafe lhall be.) Given under my hand and feaU or our hands and feals> the day and year ajorejaid.

which convidtion the faid juftice or juftices (hall caufe to be wrote fairly upon parchment, and returned to the next general quarter feffion of the peace for the county where fuch conviction was made, to be filed by the clerk of the peace, and remain and be kept among the records of the county, riding, divifion, or place.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enadted, That it fhall and may be lawful for any cltrk of the peace for any county, riding, or place, and he is hereby required, upon application made to him by any perfon or perfons for that purpofe, to caufe a copy or copies of any conviction or convictions, filed by him under the diredtions of this adt, to be forthwith delivered to fuch perfon or perfons, upon payment or one (hilling for every fuch copy.

VIII. And be it further enadted. That it (hall and may be lawful for any fuch juftice or juftices of the peace, as aforefaid, to adminifter an oath to any witnefs or witneffes, or other perfon or perfons, for the better difeovery and execution of the feveral matters and things herein-before diredted to be examined into, or performed, by fuch juftice or juftices refpectivelv.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enadted, That no perfon (hall be proceeded againft for any of the offences afore-laid, by information before a juftice of the peace, unlefs fuch information lhall be made upon oath before fome juftice of the peace for the county or place wherein fuch offence (hall be committed, within three calendar months after fuch offence (hall have been committed.

X* And be it further enadted by the authority aforefiud,

Tbn

Digitized by uooQle

1773-] Anno decimo tertio Georgii lit c. 5^.	109

That if any perfon (hall think himfclf or herfclf aggrieved, by Perfons ag-any thing done in purfuance of this aft, by any juftice or juftices £neved may of the peace, as aforefaid, every fuch perfon may appeal to the qu^cr4cf.C juftices of the peace at any general quarter fefiions of the peace fionss to be held for the county, riding, city, corporation, precinct, or liberty, wherein the caufe of fuch complaint (hall arife, and within four calendar months after the caufe of fuch complaint (hall have arifen, fuch appellant giving, or caufing to be given, fourteen days notice at the leaft, in writing, of his or her intention to bring fuch appeal, and of the matter thereof, to the juftice ; and every other perfon or perfons, againft whom fuch complaint (hall be made, and within four days after fuch notice, entering into a recognizance before fome juftice of the peace for the faid county, riding, divifion, city, corporation, precinft, or liberty, with one fufficient furety, conditioned to try fuch appeal at, and abide the order of, and pay fuch cofts, as (hall be awarded by the juftices at fuch quarter fefiions; and every fuch juftice, and other perfon, having received notice of fuch appeal,

(hall return all proceedings had before them, touching the matter of fuch appeal, to the faid juftices, at fuch quarter fefiions, on pain of forfeiting five pounds for every fuch negleft; and whofe deter-the faid juftices, upon due proof of the notice given, and of the ndnarion entering into fuch recognizance, as aforefaid, (hall hear, andbcfina* finally determine, the caufes and matters of fuch appeal, in a fuemnary way, and award fuch cofts to the parties appealing or appealed againft, as they (hall think proper; to be levied and recovered as herein-before directed for the recovery of forfeitures and penalties under this aft, and the determination of fuch quarter fefiions, (hall be final and conclufive to all intents and purpofes ; and no proceedings to be had or taken in purfuance of this aft (hall be quafhed or vacated for want of form, or removed by Certiorari, or any other writ or procefs whatfoever, except as herein-before mentioned, into any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejiminjier, any law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

XL And be it further enafted, That nothing in this Not to extend aft contained (hall extend to that part Great Britain called to Scotland. Scotland.

XII. And be it further enafted, That if any aftion, fuit. Limitation of or information, (hall be commenced or profecuted againft any aftions. perfon or perfons for any thing which (hall be done in purfuance of this aft, or in execution of any of the powers or authorities hereby given, every fuch aftion, fuit, or information, (hall be commenced or profecuted within the fpace of fix calendar months next after the faft committed, and (hall be laid or brought in the county, riding, divifion, or place, where the matter (hall arife, and not elfewhere; and the defendant or defendants, in every fuch aftion, fuit, or information, (hall and may, at his or their eleftion, plead fpecially, or the general iflue, General iflue. and give this aft, and the fpecial matter, in evidence : and if a verdift (hall be given for the defendant; or if the plaintiff or

plain-

,	Digitized by	Goode

i to	Anno	decimo	tertio	Georgii 111. c.56. [1773-

plaintiffs (hall be nonfuited, or difcontinue his, her, or their adfion, fuit, or information, after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared ; or if, upon demurrer, judgement (hall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs ; then the defendant of Treble cofts. defendants (hall recover treble cofts, and have fuch remedy for the fame as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes by law.

Publkkaff, XIII. And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That £> much of an adt, pafled in the fecond year of his prefent Ma-jefty’s reign, intituled. An off for the Utter prefervation of the game in that part of Great Britain called England, as relates to heath fowl, commonly called Blatk Game, Or groufe, eommonly called Red Game, (hall be, and is hereby repealed.

CAP. LVI.

An ail for tbt more effectually refraining the retailing of diftilled fpirituous liquors -, and for preventing the forging or counterfeiting any Jlamp or feal ufed for marking filks, callicoet, linens, and Jhtffs, to be printed, painted, ftained, or dyed, in Great Britain.

Preamble. \K7 HERE AS the laws heretofore made to prevent the immodt-VV rate drinking of fpirituous liquors, have, by reafon of tbt fmallnefs of the penalties by thofe efts impofed, been rendered in 0 great meqfure ineffectual, and ill-difpofed perfons are thereby 'encouraged to retail fuch liquors, without being firfl outhorifed and licenfei thereto, whereby bis Majefly is not only defrauded of his duties, but victuallers and others, who duly take out and pay for flub licences, art greatly injured: for remedy whereof, be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majeffy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent After July 5, parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That ,?7r ’1 n?nT ^ * anytim* ^rom an<* a^cr 'he fifth day of July, one thoufand ma?.nfpiritu-	hundred and feventy-three, any perfon or perfons (hall

ous liquors, prefume by him, her, or themfclves, or by any other perfon or ftrong wa- perfons whatfoever employed by him, her, or them, or for his, ten, &c. her, or their benefit, to retail any diftilled fpirituous liquors, or cenceUt * ^rong waters, without firft taking out a licence for that purpofe, the (hall for- *n manner 28 ty t^e fe*c**l ftatutes in that cafe made and pro-feU^ for every v»dcd, and now in force is preferibed and diredted, he, (he, or offence 501. they, fo offending, (hall refpedtively forfeit and lofc the fum of If the offender fifty pounds for each offence.

(hall be once II. Provided always. That fuch offender who (hall be profe-profccuted for fa thc penalty by this adt given, (hall not be again profe* LCfliaU n<rt*be Ctttc<* f°r t^lc km* offence by any former adt, and that fuch again profe- offender as fhall be profecuted for the penalty given by any cured for the former adt, (hall not be profecuted again for the fame offence, lime offence, hy virtue of this prefent adt, or any thing herein contained. Penaltiestobe XII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, cuKdfand're- That the penalty by this adt impofed, (hall and may be feed covered by for, levied, recovered, and mitigated, by any law of ekeife now '	in

Digitized by (^.ooQle

1773*] Anno decifflo tertio Georgii III. c. 56

hi

in force, or by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any any law of of his Majedy’s courts of record at IVeflminfler ; and that one no* m moiety of every fuch penalty or forfeiture (hall be to his Majefty, one moiety his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to him, her, or to go to h» them, as (hall fue for the fame.	Majefty,

IV.	Provided always. That the faid penalty of fifty pounds,

by this ad impofed, (hall not in any cafe, either by the com- ^hf0 ££ miffioners of excife or juftices of the peace, before whom any for the fame, offender againd this prefent ad (hall be convided, be mitigated The penalty or reduced below the fum of five pounds.	of 501, not to

V.	And whereas by an aft pajjed in the tenth year of the reign mitigated her late tnajeffy Sheen Anne, (intituledF, An ad for faying feveral Ta"o Ann*, dudes upon all (ope and paper made in Great Britain, or im- 10 ported into the fame; and upon chequered and ftriped linens imported; and upon certain filks, callicoes, linens, and (luffs,

printed, painted, or (lained ; and upon feveral kinds of (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper; and upon certain printed papers, pamphlets, and advertifements, for railing the fum of one million eight hundred thoufand pounds, by way of a lottery, towards her Majelly’s fupply; and for licenfing an additional number of hackney chairs; and for charging certain docks of cards and dice; and for better fecuring her Majedy’s duties to arifc in the office for the damp duties by licences for marriages and othcrwife; and for relief of perfons who have not claimed their lottery tickets in due time, or have lod exchequer bills, or lottery tickets; and for borrowing money upon dock (part of the capital of the South Sea Company, for the ufe of the publick;) it is, amongfl other things, enabled. That there Jhould be raifed, levied, coliefted, and paid, to and for the ufe of her Majefly, her heirs and fuccejfors, for and upon all filks, callicoes, linens, and /luffs, of what kind foever, Ufhicb at any time or times within or during the term of thirty-two years, to be reckoned from the twentieth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and twelve, Jhould be printed, ftained, painted, or dyed, in Great Britain, (fuch callicoes, linens, and fufiians, as Jl:ould be dyed throughout of one colour only, and fluffs made of woollen, or whereof the greatefl part in value Jhould be woollen, always excepted,) the feveral and refpeftive rates and duties therein expreffei: and whereas, by an aft, paffed in the third year of ^ ^ Qco i. the reign of his late majefly King George the Firfl, (intituled. An acl for redeeming the duties and revenues which were fettled to pay off principal and intered on the orders made forth on tour lottery adls, pa fled in the ninth and tenth years of her late Majedy’s reien ; and for redeeming certain annuities payable on orders out of the hereditary excife, according to a former adt in that behalf; and for eftablifhing a general yearly fund, not only for the future payment of annuities at feveral rates, to be payable and transferable at the bank of England, and redeemable by parliament, but alfo to raife monies for fuch proprietors of the faid orders as (hall chufe to be paid their principal and arrears of intered in ready money ; and for making good fuch other deficiencies and payments as in this acl are mentioned;

and

Digitized by

112	Anno	decimo tertio GeorGii III. c. 56.	[1773.

and for taking off the duties on linfeed imported, and Britijb linen exported ;) the Jaid feveral rates and duties* and the powers* authorities* penalties* and forfeitures*for fecuring the fame,	made

Aft is Anns, perpetual: and whereas by an aft of parliament*	in the twelfth

year of the reign of her late majejly Queen Anne, (intituled* An a<5l for laving additional duties on fope and paper, and upon certain linens, filks, callicoes, and fluffs ; and upon ftarch and exported coals ; and upon damped vellum, parchment, and paper, for raifing one million four hundred thoufand pounds, by way of a lottery, for her Majefty’s fupply •* and for allowances on exporting made wares of leather, (beep-(kins, and lamb>(kins; and for diftribution of four thoufand pounds due to the officers and fea-men for gun money; and to adjuft the property of tickets in former lotteries; and touching certain (hares of flock in the capital of the South Sea Company; and for appropriating the monies granted to her Majefty 5) it is, amongjl other things, enabled, That there Jhould be raifed, levied* colie ft ea* and paid* to and for the ufe of her Majejly* her heirs and fuccejfors* for and upon all filks * callicoes* linens* and fluffs* of what kind Joever, which at any time or times within or during the term of thirty-two years* to be reckoned from the fecond day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and four-teen* Jhould be printed* flained* painted* or dyed* in Great Britain* (fuch callicoes* linens* and fuflians* as Jhall be dyed throughout of one colour only* and fluff's made of woollen* or whereof the greateft part in value Jhall be woollen* always excepted*) the feveral and refpe ftive rates and duties therein exprejjed: and whereas* by an aft of parlia-Aft 6 Geo. 1. ment made in the fixth year, of the reign of his faid late majejly King George the Firfl* (intituled* An aft for enabling the South Sea Company to increafe their prefent capital flock and fund, by redeeming fuch publick debts and incumbrances as are therein mentioned ; and for raifing money to be applied for leflening feveral of the publick debts and incumbrances ; and for Calling in the prefent exchequer bills remaining uncancelled ; and for making forth new bills in lieu thereof, to be circulated and exchanged, upon demand, at or near the exchequer;) the faid feveral rates and duties* and the powers* authorities, penalties* and forfeitures* for fecuring the fame* are made perpetual: and whereas* for the belter fecuring the faid rates and duties, it was by the faid aft of the tenth of Queen Anne enafted* That the commjftoners to be appointed for managing the faid duties Jhould* at a time therein mentioned, provide proper feals or Jlamps for marking fuch of the faid fllks, cailicots* linens, and fluffs* to be printed, painted, flained* or dyed in Great Britain, during the continuance of the faid aft; which faid Jlamps* or any of them Jhould or might be altered or renewed from time to time* as her Majejly* her heirs or fucceffors* Jhould think fit : and it was thereby further enafted, That if any perfon or perfons whatfoever Jhould* at any time or times thereafter* counterfeit or forge any flamp or feal* to refemble any [lamp or feal which Jhould be provided or made in purfuance of that aft, or Jhould counterfeit or refemble the imprejflon of the jame upon any of the faid commodities changeable by that aft* thereby to defraud her Majejly* her heirs

cr

Digitized by v^ooQle

1773 ] Anno decimo tertlo Georgii III. c. 57;	StTf

vr fuaeffors, of any of tho duties thereby granted; then every fucb ferfm Jo offending, being thereof convicted in due form of law,Jbould be adjudged a felon, and fbouldfuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of tlergy; and whereas fome doubts have arifen, whether fer/ons counterfeiting or forging any flamp or feed, to refemble any . flmp or feal renewed or altered by the contmijjioners of exctfe, in pur-fmce of the authority of the faid ail of the twelfth year of Queen Anne, or counterfeiting or refembling toe imprejfion of fuch renewed or ottered ft amp or feat* are Jubjeft to the penalties and paint of death in the faid afts enabled and declared; and evil-minded perfons have there fy been encouraged to counterfeit fuch renewed and altered ftamps end foals: now, for obviating all fuch doubts, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the fifth day of July, After July 5, ooethoufand fcven hundred and* feventy-three, if any perfon or *773» perfon* perfons whatfoever (hall, at any time or times hereafter, coun-terfeit or forge any ftamp or feal already provided by the faid reals; to be comraiflioners, or which (hall hereafter be by them provided, punithed at renewed, or altered, or (hall counterfeit or refemble the impref-(ion of the fame, upon any of the faid commodities chargeable ciirey!1”1 by the faid afts, thereby to defraud his Adajefty, his heifs or c fucceffors, of any of the (aid duties thereby granted; then every fuch perfon fo offending, being thereof convifted in due form of law, (hall be adjudged a felon, and (hall fuffer death, as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

CAP. LVII.

An all to explain and amend an aft, made in the fourth year of bis prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft to prevent paper bills of credit, hereafter to be iflued in any of his Ma- * jetty’s colonies or plantations in America, from being declared to be a legal tender in payments of money, and to prevent the legal tender of fuch bills as are now fubfifting from being prolonged beyond the periods limited for calling in and finking the fame.

WHEREAS by an aft, paffed in the fourth year of his pre- Preamble;

fent Majefty's reign, (intituled, An aft to prevent paper bills of credit, hereafter to be iffued in any of his Majefty’s colonies or plantations in ftmerica, from being declared to be a legal tender in payments of money, and to prevent the legal tender of fuch bills as are now fubufting from being prolonged beyond the periods limited for calling in and finking the fame,) it is enabled, That from and after the firft day ef September, one tboufand f even hundred and tixty-four, no aft, order, resolution, or vote of offembly, in any of his Majefty's colonies or plantations in America, Jhall be made for creating or tffuing any paper bills, or bills ef credit, of any kind or denomination whatfoever, declaring fuch paper hlh or bills of credit to be legal tender in payments of any bargains, mtrafts, deals, dues» or demands whatfoever; and that every claufe end provifion which fbould thereafter be inferted in any aft, order,

Vot. XXX.	I	refit-

Digitized by

Google



Anno dedmo tertio GeoRGH HI. c. 58. £1773^

refohtion, or vote of ajfembly, contrary to the faid afi, Jball be null and void: and whereas the want of gold and filver currency in feveral of bis Majejly's colonies and plantations in America may make it neceJJ'ary, as well for the publick advantage as in juftice to tbofe pcr-fens who may have demands upon the publick treafuries in the faid colonies for fervices performed, that fuch publick creditors Jboutd be fecured in the payment of their juft debts and demands, by certificates* notes, bills, or debentures, to be created and iffued by the authority of the general ajfemblies within the faid colonies, on the fecurities of any taxes or duties given and granted to bis Majefty by the faid general ajfemblies, for and towards defraying expences incurred for publick fervices; and that fuch certificates, notes, bills, or debentures, Jbould be made chargeable on the publick treafurers of the faid colonies, and received and taken by them as a legal tender in difcharge of any fuch duties or taxes, or of any debts whatfoever, due to the publick treafuries of the faid colonies, in virtue oj laws paffed in the faid colonics : and whereas doubts have arifen, whether, under the faid recited Jlatute, fuch provijton as aforefaid can lawfully be made; may it therefore pleafe your mod excellent Majefty that it may be ena&ed ; and be it enaded by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afletnbled.

After Sept, i, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the 1773, certifi- day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-*hree, any certificates, notes, bills, or debentures, which (hall which maybe or may be voluntarily accepted by the creditor of the publick accepted hy within any of the colonies in America, as a fecurity for the pay-creduors of ment of what is due and owing to the faid publick creditors, 5^America maY niac*c anc* ena&ed by the feveral general aflemblies of as a fecurity, the faid colonies refpc&ively to be a legal tender to the publick may be treafurers in the faid colonies for the difcharge of any duties.

palled within the fame, and in no other cafe whatfoever; any thing in the aforefaid recited ftatute in the fourth year of his prefent Majefty to the contrary thereof in any-wi(e notwith-ftanding.

Not to extend If. Provided always, That nothing in this a£t (hall extend to to alter act	alter or repeal an ad, parted in the twenty-fourth year of the

*4 ^tf0 2*	reign of his late majefty King George the Second, (intituled. An

all to regulate and refrain paper bills of credit in his Majefty9 s colonies or plantations of Rhode Illand and Providence Plantations, Con* nedicut, The Maflachufets Bay, and New Hampftiire, in America, and to prroent the fame being legal tenders in payments of

money.)

CAP. LVI1I,

fin a£J for providing clergymen to officiate in gaols within that part of Great Britain called England.

WHEREAS there is no provifm made by law for the appointment of proper minifters to officiate in the fevered county

gaols

Digitized by

Google

*??$•] Artno dcdmo tcrtlo Georgii III. c. 58.	115

gaols within that part of Great Britain called England, and the principality 0/Wales: and whereas the appointment of minijlers to fuch gaols, with a proper falary, for the due execution of their duty ns clergymen, would alleviate the diftrefs of the perfons under confine-must, and would greatly contribute to the purpqfes of morality and religion: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enacted, and be it ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it (hail and may be lawful to and for the joftices of the peace, or the major part of them, affembled at the quarter feffions held for any county, riding, or divifion, within that part of Great Britain called England, and the principality of IValeSy and they are hereby authorifed and impower- juices to af-ed to fettle and afcertain how many clergymen (hall, by them, certain bow be deemed neceffary to be employed in performing religious du- many clergy-tics, according to the rites of the church of England, m the fe- men are to be veral pals within their refpedtive jurifdi6tions, and to fettle and gTo5i%C|idm afcertain what duty (hall be performed, and what falary (hall be whatValary paid to every fuch clergyman, not exceeding fifty pounds, year- ftall be paid ly, and every year.	them.

II.	And be it further enadted, That the treafurers of fuch Treafureri of counties* ridings, or divifions, receiving a certificate, figned by counties to the chairman of fuch quarter feffions, of the number of fuch ^ of*he * clergymen, and the falary to be refpedlively paid to them, (hall ratc$#

pay oat of the rates of fuch county, riding, or divifion, the fe-vcral futns in the faid certificate mentioned ; and the faid federal fums fo paid in purfuance of this aft, (hall be allowed to the (aid treafurers by the juftices before whom their accounts (hall be pafled.

III.	And be it further enalted, That when the number of Juftices to no-fuch clergymen, and the falary to be refpe&ivcly paid to them, minate cler-(hall have been fettled and afcertained by ftiCh juftices, it (hall

and may be lawful to and for juftices of the peace at the quar- feS5 and, in ter feffions, and they are hereby authorifed and impowered, to cafe of death, nominate and appoint, in every county, riding, or divifion,&c-t0 where the juftices (hall have fo fettled and afcertained the num- natc othcr,# ber of the clergymen, and the falary to be paid to them, as before mentioned, fo many clergymen to officiate and perform divine fervice, according to the rites of the church of England, in the fcveral gaols within fuch county, riding, or divifion, as (hall have been fo fettled and afcertained by fuch juftices; and in cafe any fuch clergyman or clergymen (hall die, or (hall be thought unworthy, by fuch juftices, at the quarter feffions, to be continued in fuch office, then it (hall and may be lawful for fuch juftices, at the quarter feffions, to nominate and appoint, from time to time, as occafion (hall require, any other clergyman to officiate in the room of fuch clergyman fo dying, or fo deemed to be unworthy to continue any longer in fuch office.

1 2

CAP.

Digitized by

Google



116	Anno decimo tertio Georgn III. G.59. [1773.

CAP. L1X.

An aS for repealing fo much of an all of the tbirty-firfi year of bis late Majefty, as infills capital punifhmtnt for frauds and abufes in the marking or Jtamping of gold or Jiher plate \ and for infilling another puni/bment for the faid offence.

preamble.	TX7HERE AS by a claufe in an all of parliament,	made in the

Aft 31 Geo. a. V V thirty-firJl year of the reign of his late majejly King George the Second, (intituled, An alt for repealing the duty granted by an alt, made in the fixth year of the reign of his late Majefty, on (ilver plate, made, wrought, touched, afiayed, or marked, in Great Britain; and for granting a duty on licences to be taken out by all perfons dealing in gold or (ilver plate; and for difcontinuing all drawbacks upon (ilver plate exported; and for more effedtually preventing frauds and abufes in the marking or damping of gold or (ilver plate) ; it is enadted, That if any per-fon whatfoever (hall caft, forge, or counterfeit* or_caufe or pro-’ cure to be caft, forged, or counterfeited, any mark or (lamp ufed, or to be ufed, for marking gold or filver plate by the company of goldfmiths in London, or by the wardens, or aflayer or a flayers, at York* Exeter, BriftoU Chejler9 Norwich, or Newca/ile upon Tyney or by any maker or worker of gold or (ilver plate, or any mark, (lamp, or impreflion, in imitation of, or to refemble any mark, (lamp, or impreflion, made, or to be made, with any fuch damp ufed as aforefaid 5. or (hall mark or damp, or caufe or procure to be marked or damped, any wrought plate of gold or (ilver, or any wares of brafc or other bafe metal, fil-vered or gilt over, and refembling plate of gold or (ilver, with any mark or damp which hath been, or (hall be forged or counterfeited s or (hall tranfpofe or remove, or caufe or procure to be tranfpofed pr removed, from one piece of wrought plate to another, or to any veflel of fuch bafe metal as aforeiaid, any fuch mark, damp, or impreflion; or (hall fell, exchange, or expofe to fale, or export out of this kingdom, any wrought plate of gold or filver, or any veflel of fuch bafe metal, with any fuch counterfeit mark* damp, or impreflion thereon, knowing the fame to be forged, counterfeited, or tranfpofed ; or (hall wilfully or knowingly have or be poflefled of any fuch forged mark or damp; every fuch perfon, being lawfully convidled, (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, aud (hall fuffer death as a felon without benefit of clergy, be it enadted by the King’s mod Aclaufe there- excellent majefty by and with the advice and confent of the lords in repealed, fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid claufe (hall, from and after the twenty-ninth day of Sep-tember next, be, and the fame’tis hereby declared to be, repealed, perfons coiin- H* And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,That terfeitingof if any perfon whatfoever, from and after the faid twenty-ninth marks or day Q( September next, (hall caft* forge, or counterfeit, or caufe

or

Digitized by Goodie

1733.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. 059.	117

or procure to be caft, forged, or counterfeited, any mark or ft*®!* ftamp ufed, or to be ufed, for the marking or damping gold	^ C01lJfi**

or filver plate, in purfuance of any adt or adts of parliament now J&ithi ui in force by the company of goldfmiths in London, or by the war- London, See. dens, or afiayer or afiayers, at York, Exeter, Brijioly Cbejler, Norwich, or Newcaflle upon Tyne> or by any maker or worker of gold or filver plate, or any or either of them ; or (hall caft, forge, or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be caft, forged, or counter-feited, any mark, damp, or impredion in imitation of, or to refemble any mark, (lamp, or impreffion made, or to be made, with any mark or damp ufed, or to be ufed, as aforefaid, by the faid company of goldfmiths in London, or by the faid wardens, or afiayer or afiayers, or by any maker or worker of gold or filver plate, or any or either of them , or (hall mark or ftamp, or caufe or procure to be marked or ftamped, any wrought plate of gold or filver, or any wares of brafs or other bale metal filvered or gilt over, and refembling plate of gold or filver, with any nark or ftamp which hath been or (hall be forged or counterfeited at any time, either before, on, or after the faid twenty-ninth day of September next, in imitation of, or to refemble any mark or ftamp ufed, or to be ufed, as aforefaid, by the laid company of goldfmiths in London, or by the faid wardens, or afiayer or afiayers, or by any maker or worker of gold or filver plate, or any or either of them; or (hall tranfpofe or remove, or or trapfoofing caufe or procure to be tranfpofed or removed, from one piece ttamps from of wrought plate to another, or to any veflel of fuch bafe metalone rcce to as aforefaid, any mark, ftamp, or impreffion, made or to ^ expofing fuch made, by or with any mark or ftamp ufed, or to be ufed, asto lalei aforefaid, by the faid company of goldfmiths in London, or by the faid wardens, or afiayer or afiayers, or by any maker or worker of gold or filver plate, or any or either of them; or (hall fell, exchange, or expofe to lale, or export out of this kingdom, any wrought plate of gold or filver, or any veflel of fuch bafe metal, as aforefaid, with any fuch forged' or counterfeit mark, ftamp, or impreffion thereon, or any mark, ftamp, or iknprcf-(ion which hath been, or (hall be tranfpofed or removed from any other piece of plate, at any time cither before, on, or after the faid twenty-ninth day of September next, knowing fuch mark, ftamp, or impreffion to be forged, counterfeited, or tranfpofed or removed as aforefaid ; or (hall wilfully or knowingly have or be poffcfled of any mark or ftamp which hath been, or (hall be forged or counterfeited at. any time, either before, on, or after, the faid twenty-ninth day of September next, in imitation of, or to refemble any mark or ftamp ufed, or to be ufed, as aforefaid, by the faid company of goldfmiths in London, or by the faid wardens, or afiayer or afiayers, or by any maker or worker of gold on Conor filver plate, or any or either ot them ; every perfon offending %i&icn, be in any, each, or either of the cafes aforefaid, and being thereof tranfported to lawfully convidted, (hall, by order of the court before whom Aroeric* foc ouch offender (hall be convidted, be tranfported to fome of his 14 ycarf* Majefty’s colonies or plantations in Amerifor the term of fourteen years.

1 3	DigitPed^y ^OOgle

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c.6o,—	62[1773.

C A P. LX.

An aft for draining and preferving certain lands and grounds in the parities of Tid Saint Giles and Newton, in the Ifle of Ely, in the county of Cambridge $ and in Tid Saint Mary's, in the county of Lincoln. Preamble. Commiflioners names. Qualification of commiflioners. Time and place of commiflioners meeting. What films (hall be allowed at meetings, and that all orders to be made (hall be at pi&iick meetings only* Commifiioners, bow to be chofen, and their qualifications. Commiffion-ers have power to appoint deputies. Penalty on afting if not qualified* Commiflioners powers. Exemptions from taking earth. Commiflionert not to injure the turnpike houies. Moles may be deflroyed. Commif-fionera to appoint officers to open and (hut (luices. Penalty of 101. on officers opening or (hutting (luices contrary to orders. Regulations for the old drain. Commiflioners to make orders for the draining of the lands | and appoint officers who are to account. Officers not accounting to be commuted to gaol, Commiflioners may aflefs owners, as they (hall judge proper. Rates not to exceed 4.8. an acre. Certain laods to pay only the fourth part of the acre-tax. Lands to be furveyed. Tenants to pay taxes, and dcduft the fame out of their rents. Leflees not to be allowed to deduct taxes. Manner of recovering rates. Lands untenanted to remain * fecurity for taxes. Money may be borrowed by mortgage of taxes, not exceeding ro,oool. Taxes veiled in creditors. Writings to be without Ramps. Perfons deftroying works, &c. how to be punilhed. Books of afleflments to be kept. Proceedings to be entered in books. Occupiers to maintain their outring fences. Kinderley's Cut to be opened. Bedford Level corporation, apd the commiflioners of this aft, (ball contribute certain fums towards carrying on the faid works. The temainder of the expence of opening the faid cut out of the Nortlv level, taxes how to be payed. Perfons damaging the works how to be punilhed. The navigation of the cut (hall be free. The mauner of towing on the fide of the cut. The channel of the Wilbech river, and the fands adjacent, in the Bedford Level corporation, how veiled. The faid corporation allowed to mark out the faid fands $ and to grant leafes thereof, as foon as they are capable of cultivation. Receiver of the taxes to take the rents and profits of the fands, fcc. The corporation may purchase fait marflies in Tid $t. Giles. The committee of the North Level commiflioners (hall (uperin-tend fuch works as (hall be done with the profits of the faid fands $ and make up any deficiency that may be therein. Walpole and other marflies, may be drained. The river Bank on the North and North weft of Kinderley's cut may be repaired. A certain piece of land in Tid faint Giles vefted in certain perfons, to be fold, and how the money is to be applied. Rights of governors, &c. of Bedford Level faved. Powers of Wifbecb commiflioners over Tid Saint Giles to ceafe. Right of commiflionera of fewers faved. The commiflioners under this aft may agree with the commiflioners of iewers, &c. for drainiug of lands ioto Buckworth's drain. Limitation of aftions. General iflue. Treble cofts. Publick aft.

CAP. LXI.

An aft for the better lighting and watching the town of Kingfton upon Thames, in the county of Surrey *, and for removing and preventing all qbftruftions, encroachments, and nuifances therein.

CAP, LXII.

An aft	for letter regulating the	and making of bread.

Preamble. TttHEREAS, according to the ancient order and cujlom of the V V	realm, there bath been, from	time immemorial, a

wheaten bread, made of flour, being the whole produce of the wheat whereof it was made: and whereas by an ail, puffed in the thirty-A£l 11 Geo.s, firfl year of the reign of George the	,	An	aft	for

the

Digitized by ^ooQle

*773-] Am*0 decimo tertio Georgii III. c.62.	119

the due making of bread, and tp regulate the price aryl aflize thereof, and to punifh perfpns who (hall adulterate meal, flour, or bread ; and by an aft faffed in the third y'ar of the reign of his prefent Majejiy, for explaining and amending the faid recited aft,	1	3.

two forts of bread, made of wh(at only, are allowed to be made for	“*

faU 1 (that is to fay)* wheaten and houfebold 5 whereby the flour, being the whole produce of the wheat, is fo divided in the making of bread for fair* as that this flandard wheaten bread, made according to the ancient order and cuflom of the realm, could be no longer made for fale: and whereas houfebold brtpd, fuch as is intended by the faid aft of George the Second to be made for fale* is not generally made for fale, whereby, and for want of the Jaidflandard wheaten bread being continued, many inconveniencies have arifen, and many of the inferior claffes of the people more efpecially, have been under a neteffily of buying bread at a higher price than they could afford, to their great hurt and detriment: for remedy thereof, may it pleafe your Ma-jefty that it may be epa&ed; apd be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent	'

parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand AfterSept.it (even hundred and feventy-three, a bread made of wheat as fol- i77,, flandard loweth ; that is to fay, of the flour of wheat, which flour, with- wheaten bread out any mixture or diviflon, fhall be the whole produce of {he grain, the bran or hull thereof only excepted, and which (hall and fold. ^Cd> weigh three-fourth parts of the weight of the wheat whereof it fhall be made, may be, at all times, and is hereby allowed to be made, baked, expofed to or for fale, and fold, and (hall be called and underflood to be a flandard wheaten bread.

II.	Provided always, and be it hereby further enaded, That We; ^ -cc the makers of the faid bread for fale do and (hall mark every and propor- 9 loaf thereof with the capital letters S. IV\ and that the makers tion* of the and fellers of the fame do make and fell the fame, although no ^ffecerit aflize of bread be fet of the weight, and in the proportions fol-oav<w* lowing} that is to fay, That every flandard wheaten peck loaf

fhall always weigh feventeen pounds fix ounces avoirdupois, every half peck loaf eight pounds eleven ounces, and every quartern loaf four pounds five ounces and one half of an oqnce a-voirdupois; and that every peck loaf, half peck loaf, and quartern loaf, (hall always be fold, as to price, in proportion to each other refpe<5Uvely 5 and that where wheaten and houfebold bread, made as the law now directs, (hall be fold at the fame time, together with this flandard wheaten bread, they be fold in refped of and in proportion to each other, as followcth ; that is to fay. That the fame weight of wheaten bread as cofls eight-pence, the fame weight of this flandard wheaten bread (ball coft (even-pence, and the fame weight of houfehold bread (hall coft fixpence, or feven flandard wheaten aflized loaves (hall weigh equal to eight wheaten aflized loaves, or to fix houfebold atiized loaves of the fame price, as near as may be.

III.	Provided alfo, and he it hereby further enaefted, That

the faid flandard wheaten bread be not, nor (ball be made into, * net Vo biT

14	or

Digitized by

Google

fize, and fix ^he^pricc of

After Sept. 19,

120	AnnodecimoterdoGcoroii111. 0.62. [1773.

fold at priced or expofed to or for (ale, or fold as priced loaves, at one and loaves at one thc fame time, together with affixed loaves of the fame ftandard *	wheaten	bread.

Magift rates	IV. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid »

are, when they That all and every magiftrate,' magiftrates, or others, who is think proper, and are, by the laws now in being, authorised and impowered to fet the af- fet ljlc a(fize and fix the price of bread, is, and are hereby authorifed and required, whenever and where-ever he or they (hall think proper, to let the affize, or to fix the price of bread9 in like manner, and at the fame time to fet the affize on, or fix the price of, the ftandard wheaten bread aforefaid, the baker’s allowance for baking being included according to the rates and proportions feverally and refpe&ively fet down in the following table.

______ _ V. And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That all

1773, maker** makers of bread for fale, and all perfons who (hall, after the of bread for faid twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and^ifbofeofa°d feventy-three, make and bake, for fale, and (hall fell,: or thefameas expofe to or for fale, the faid ftandard wheaten bread, (hall hereby direct- make, fell, and expofe to or for fale the faid bread as directed by cd*	this adi ; and all fuch makers of the faid bread for fale, and per*

fons felling, or expofing to or for fale, the faid bread, (hall be liable to the fame or the like pains, penalties, forfeitures, and punifhments, in all refpedts whatsoever, for any mifdgmeanour or negledt in the making, marking, felling, or expofing to or for fale, the faid ftandard wheaten bread, as they are liable to by the laws now in being, for any mifdemeanour or neglect, in refpedt to making, marking, felling, or expofing to or for fale9 wheaten or houfehold bread.

Tb« miller or VI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority a-pralman fell- forefaid. That if any information (hall be laid againft any baker ed^flobr^fhaU *0T ma^mS» marking, baking, or expofing to or for fale, any forfeit the pe- brcad, purporting to be the ftandard wheaten bread aforefaid, naltiesdirect- made of flogr, not being the whole produce of the wheat, the £d bya6t ji bran or hull thereof only excepted, and weighing three-fourth parts of the weight of the wheat whereof it was made, and fuch* baker (hall prove that he bought the faid flour, whereof his bread was made, as and for fuch flour, as aforefaid, of the miller or mealman, naming his name and place of abode; then, and in fuch cafe, the baker (hall (land clear and acquitted, and the miller or mealman fq offending, and being legally convidted thereof, (hall forfeit and pay the penalties enadted and diredted to be paid, in the cafe of adulterating corn, meal, qr flour, by an adt, parted in the thirty-firft year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled. An aft for the due making of breads and to regulate the price and affize thereof and to punijh per font who JhaU adulterate mealy floury or bread.

VII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid* That when and where any magiftrate, magiftrates, or others,

^ authorifed as aforefaid, (hall have fet an affize on or fixed the price offtand- price pf the faid ftandard wheaten bread, as diredted by this adt,

aU

Geo. i

Where magi ftrates (hall have fet an sflize on the

Digitized by

Google

A T

I

I

J

J

a

<

i

i

i

i

i

i

\

i

i

or wherein he or they do exercife their trade or my* vt an opportunity of offering to fiicli juft ices, as afora-uch objedions as fuch company of bakers, or fuch

baker?

tm.ii y

tion.

Digitized by

Googl

■ates fhall

ive fet an flze on the ice of ft and-

That when and where any magiftrate, magiftrates, or o authorifed as aforefaid, fhall have fet an affize on or fixe price of the faid ftandard wheaten bread, as directed by thi

Digitized by

Google

773*] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 62.	izi

11 and every fuch perfon or perfons fo authorised, are hereby ard wbeaten iuthorifed and impowered to omit, if they think proper, the brcad» other rtting an affile upon, or fixing the price of any other fort of Sw may o-°* tread.	mit fixing the

price of any other fort of bread.

VIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, ^fter Scpt%9t That from and after the twenty-ninth day of September, one ,773t jurtices, thouland feven hundred and feventy-tree, the juftices of the at their quar-peace of every county, riding, divifion, city, town, liberty, andtcr place, at any general or quarter fefiion of the peace which (hall fo^j^onths be held within their refpeliive counties, riding, divifion, cities, the baking or towns, liberties, or jurisdictions, may, if they (hall think pro- felling other per, prohibit, and they are hereby authorised and impowered brea<“tbw» ' to prohibit, for three months, unlefs they (hall fee caufe fooner beaten • to revoke the order for fuch prohibition, which they are hereby	9

impowered to do at any adjourned quarter fellions, or any fpe-dal feflions within their refpeCtive jurisdictions, or within any part thereof, the makers of bread for Tale from making for fale, baking, felling, or expofing to or for fale, any other one or more Tons of bread, being, or purporting to be, of a fuperior quality, and fold at a higher price than the ftandard wheaten bread aforefaid : provided, that no fuch order for fuch prohibition do take place, or be in force, until one calendar month at t>ut no fuch lead after the date of the making thereof; and every order, which order (hall Jhall be fo from time to time made, in or touching the premifes,takc place till by any fuch juftices, (hall be entered in a book, to be provided month at and kept for that purpofe by fuch juftices, and which book (hall ieaftf aftcr the and may be infpeCied by the makers of bread for fale within the making there* refpedtive jurifdiCtion of any fuch juftices, at all feafonable times, of. in the day-time, and without paying any fee or reward in re-fpeft thereof: and after the making every fuch order by any fuch juftices, the juftices who (hall make the fame, (hall, with all convenient fpeed, caufe a copy of every fuch order to be af- 0f fixed or put up in fome market, or other publick town, within order to be the divifion or part of the county, riding, liberty, rape, wapen- put up in fome take, city, town, or place, in which fuch order is to be obferved, and take place, or elfe fuch juftices, within their refpeCtive ju- public* rilMions, (hall caufe a copy of every fuch order to be, with all news paper* convenient fpeed, aftcr the making tnpreof refpeCtivcly, inferted in fome publick news-paper, which (hall be publilhed in the county, riding, divifion, rape, wapentake, city, town, or place, or fome part thereof, in which every fuch order refpeCtivcly is to be obferved, and take place.

IX.	Provided always, That within the city of London, and Companyof the liberties thereof, the company of bakers of the faid city, and baken of in any other city, county, divifion, diftriCt, town, or place, any London, &c. baker or maker of bread for fale, bakers or makers of bread for !"*y offrr ob“ fale, may, within the refpeCtive jurifdiCtion to which be or they fuCh°p^olibi. do belong, or wherein he or they do exercifc their trade or my- tion. fiery, have an opportunity of offering to fijeh juftices, as afore-Uid, all fuch objections as fuch company of bakers, or fuch

baker?

Digitized by

Google

IZZ	Anno	decimo	tcrtio	GEORGir	III.	c.6i.	iiyj],

bakers or makers of bread for fale, may have and think fit a offer againff fuch prohibition as aforefaid, at the time when fuch juftices, as aforefaid, (hall have under confideration the ordering fuch prohibition as aforefaid.

Whcaten	X.	Provided	alfo, That nothing herein contained (hall extend,

loaves, of the or be conftrued to extend, to prevent the magiftrates and others, ad1Cnia w^°’	^aws	now *n being, are authorifed to fet an affizc

inad?and fold, on bread, from allowing at all times, and even during the rime according to ’ of fuch prohibition as aforefaid, if they (hall think fit, any white aft 31 Qeo. a. loaves or wheaten loaves of the price of one penny, or two-pence, to be made and fold, fo that the faid loaves be made, marked, baked, expo fed to and for fale, and fold according to the regulations of The table of ajfize and price of bread, contained in, and enafted by, an aft, palled in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his late Majefty George the Second, intituled, An a8 for the due *	making of bread\ and to regulate the price and affize thereof and to

puni/k perfens who Jball adulterate mtal, flour^ or bread.

No affize to XI. And whereat there may be many placet in thit kingdom, whin k® fc* 0I?	.	the inferior clajfet of the people are ufed to and may be defirm of

iffol dntn	fuPP^e(* bread made of wheats of a coarfe and cheaper

lower price, for it ban the Jlandard wheaten bread aforefaid \ be it hereby further as direfted by enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may belaw-a$ 31 Geo. *. fui for any baker or maker of bread for fale, to make, bake, expofe to fale, and fell, fuch inferior and coarfer bread, provided he or (he fells fuch bread at a price under that of the houfehold bread, as directed to be made and fold by an aft pa fled in the thirty-firft year of the reign of George the Second, intituled, AnaRftr the due making of breads and to regulate the price and ajfize thereof and to punijh perfont who Jhall adulterate meal, flour, or bread, although nothing in this aft contained doth extend, or (hall be conftrued to extend, to the fetting any affize thereon.

Where any XII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, baker ot bread That when and where any baker or maker of bread for-fale lhall

l^r brcadCatr or exP°^c t0 fak* anY inferior or coarfer bread by the afilzed	weights and prices whereat the houfehold	bread aforefaid is at

houfehold	that time affized, or priced, or fold, he	(hall, for every fuch

bread price,	offence, being duly convifted, be liable	to the fame, or like

able to the'* Pain-> penalties, forfeitures, and punifhments, as bakers and penalties in- makers of bread for fale are now by law liable to for any the like {lifted by law. mifdemeanour or negieft in making, felling, or expofing to or for fale, any other fort of bread allowed by law to be made or expofed to or for fale, and fold.

Magiftrates to XIII. And be it further enafted. That all and every magi* 'havethe Tame ftrate, magiftrates, and others, as aforefaid, following the di-powers rela- reftions herein-before and herein-after given, fhall have, and fivef to the	they are hereby declared to have, all the	fame powers and au-

fclhpggofr	thority to apply them, to all intents and	purpofes whatfoever,

bread as they relative to alfizing, pricing, and regulating, the making, felling, may have by or expofing to or for fale, the faid ftandard wheaten bread, and any law novr punching the makers, fellers, and expofers thereof to or for in bemg. faiCj cQT ^ thc like mifdemeanour or neglect* in the making,

marking*

Digitized by v^ooQle

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c.6212$

a)arktng,felling, or expofing the fame to or for fate, as they have by any law now in being, relative to atfizing, pricing, making for fate, felling, or expofing to or for fale, any bread whatfoever, and in as full and ample a manner as if the faid powers were recited and ena&ed therein.

XIV.	And be it further enaded, That all magiftrates, and all Magiftrates,

other perfons whatfoever, (hall be intitled to, and have all the fVhe piivil° privileges, protedions, and indemnifications, in all refpeds icgcl p^. whatfoever, for what they (hall lawfully do in putting this ad teaionsofthe in execution, as they are intitled to, and have by the laws now laws in being in being relative to fhe making of bread, and felling, or expofing the fame to or for fale, for putting the laid laws in felling of execution.	bread.

XV.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That this ad, or Not to extend any thing herein contained, (hall not extend to prejudice any to prejudice right or cuftom of the city of London> or the pradice there ufed, the right or or any right or cuftom or any lord or lords of any leet, to fet, £on.C enquire, and punifh the breach of aftize of bread within their don. or lords refpedive leets or views of frank pledge, or the right of any of leet: clerk or clerks of the market, in any place.

XVI.	Provided further, and it is hereby likewife enaded, Nor ftaj| tWf That neither this ad, nor any thing herein contained, (hall ex- ad prejudice tend, or be conftrued to extend, to prejudice the ancient right the ancient or cuftom of the dean of the collegiate church of Saint Pater* n8ht or cuf-Weftminjier, or the high fteward of the city of Wejlminjler, and deTn°ofSt. the liberties thereof, or his deputy, or any of them, to fet, af- Peter. Weft-certain, and appoint the aftize and weight of all forts of bread, roinfter,&c, to be fold, or expofed to fale, within the faid city of Wejlminjler*

and the liberties thereof 5 but they, and every of them, (ball and may feverally and refpeclively, from time to time, as there (hall be occafion, fet, afeertain, and appoint, within the 'faid city of Wejlminjler, and the liberties thereof, according to the true intent and meaning of this ad, the aftize and weight of all forts of bread, which (hall be made, fold, or expofed to fale, by any perfon or perfons within the limits of the faid city of Weftminfler, and the liberties thereof; and (hall and may enquire, and punifh, the breach of every fuch aftize and weight of bread as fully and freely, in all refpeds, as they, or any of them, have heretofore been accuftomed to do, and as if this ad had never been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary hereof notwithftanding.

XVII.	Provided likewife, That neither this ad, nor any thing Nor (hall any herein contained, (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to thing contain., prejudice the ancient right or cuftom of the two univerfities of thc^naent* Oxford and Cambridge* or either of them, or of their or either right of the of their clerks of the market, or tfie pradice within the feveral univerfities of jurifdidions of the faid univerfities, gr either of them, ufed to Oxford and fet, afeertain, and appoint the aftize and weight of all forts of CambliJ£e* bread to be fold, or expofed to fale, within their feveral jurif-

didions; but that they, and every of them, (hall and may fe-yprally and refpcdiveJy, from time tq time, as there (hall be oc-

cafion*

Digitized by

Google

’ H4	Anno	decimo tertio GeoRGII III. c,f>3.	773*

eafion, fet, afcertain, and appoint, within their feveral and re-fpdtive jurifdiltions the affize and weight of all forts of bread to be fold, or expofed to fale, by any baker, or other perfon whatfoever, within the limits of their feveral jurifdiltions, according to the true intent and meaning of this alt; and (hall and may enquire and puni(h the breach thereof as fully and freely, in all refpelts, as they ufed to do, and as if this alt had never been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

All the laws XVIII. And be it hereby declared and enaltedby the autho-now in being rity aforefaid, That all the laws now in being, for the due tor regulating making Qf bread, or to regulate the price and affize thereof, or bread™&c?to t0 Puni^ perfons who (hall adulterate meal, flour, or bread, do remain in full and (hall ftand and remain in full force, in the whole, and every force.	part thereof, not altered by this prefent alt.

Where the	XIX.	And whereat doubts have arifen, whether by	the faid aft,

chief magi-	faffed in	the thirty-firji year of the reign of his late	majeffy King

flracy ofa	George the Second',	where the chief magijlracy of any borough or cor-

wefo^irUwo* Poraiim ^es an&IS vefed in two bailiffs, one of the [aid bailiff's, in bail?fft!oneof l^e °hfence	the other, is,	by the [aid aft authorifed and impowered

them it tofet to fet an afjtze on bread; be it enalted by the authority aforefaid, an »flize on That in fuch boroughs and corporations, one of the laid bailiffs, bread.	jn the abfence of the other, (hall be authorifed and impowered

to fet an	affize on bread, under the faid alt, or this	alt, and to

do all other matters and things therein and hereby	directed for

fetting the fame.

C A P. LXIII.

An aft for eflablifbing certain regulations for the better management of the affairs of the Eaft India Company, as well in India as in Europe.

Preamble. TIT HE RE A S the feveral powers and authorities granted by V V charters to the united company of merchants ^England trading to the Eaft Indies have been found, by experience, not to have fufficient force and efficacy to prevent various abufes which have prevailed in the government and adminif ration of the affairs of the faid United company, as well at home as in India, to the manifejl injury of the publick credit, and of the commercial interefs of the faid company, and it is therefore become highly expedient that certain further regulations, better adapted to their prefent circumjlances and condition, fbould be provided and eflablifhed: and whereas the elefting and chufing of dir eft ors of the faid united company every year, in fuch manner as at prefent is preferibed by charter, has not artfwered the good purpefes intended thereby, but, on the contrary, by limiting the duration of their office to fo fbort a time, evidently tends to weaken the authority of the court of dir eftor s, and to produce injiability in the councils and meafures of the faid company: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enalted ; and be it enalted by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament ^flembled, and by the authority of the lame, That at the next

4	genera!

Digitized by LjOOQle

*773-3 Anno dccimo tcrtio Georgii III. 0.63,	125

general enfuing election of directors of the faid united compa- At the next

ny, inftead of an election of twenty-four directors to ferve for

the fpace of one year only, there (hall be chofen, in fuch man- of»4f

ner and order as the directors of the faid united company for the there (lull be

time being (hall appoint, fix dire&ors exprefsly for the term of chofen 6 di-

one year, and fix other directors for the term of two years, and

fix other dire&ors for the term of three years, and the "remaining fa?

fix dire&ors for the term of four years, and not otherwife ; and two years} 6

from thenceforth yearly and every year, and at the expiration for three

of each and every of the faid terms refpe&ively, fix new direc- Zcar#» 6 for

tors, and no more, (hall be chofen, from time to time, in the Cohere.

place of fuch dire&ors whofe term (hall have expired, and who after yearly.

are hereby declared incapable of being then rechofen ; and at

every fubfequent ele&ion, during the continuance of the charter

of the faid united company, fix new dire&ors (hall be chofen,

and (hall continue to be dire&ors for the term of four years, and

no longer, to be accounted from the day on which the ele&ion

of fuch dire&ors was refpe&ively made; and in cafe the office

and authority of any fuch dire&or (hall become void by death,

removal, or, otherwife, another (hall be chofen from time to

time in his place, to ferve as a dire&or during the remainder of

fuch term for which the perfon whofe office (hall have become

void was chofen, and no longer.

II.	And it is hereby further ena&ed, That no perfon or per-No P^fon fons whatfoever, employed in any civil or military, ftation,

office, or capacity whatfoever, in the Eoji Indies or claiming or they Eaft exercifing any power, authority, or jurildi&ion therein, (hall be Indies, (ball be capable of being appointed or chofen into the office of dire&or, chofen into until fuch perfon or perfons (hall have returned to and been re- ^reftor until fident in England for the fpace of two years; any law or ufage to he (hall re-the contrary notwithftanding.	turn, and be

III.	And whereas it has been founds that the provifion made by refident in the charter of the tenth year of the reign of King William the Thirds fj*o'agjrs,or under which, perfons pojfejfed of five hundred pounds flock are intitled Ajj yranrsfcrg to vote in general court s* has been productive of much inconvenience in made in a the prefent fituation of the company, and tends to promote the mifi collufive man-cbievous practice of making collufive transfers* which practice hath ner»10 qualify not been fufficiently prevented by the provifion made by an ad of the

feventb year of his prefent Majejly's reign, whereby the right of	*

voting is limited to perfons having been fix calendar months in pojjef-fion of their flock; be it further ena&ed, That all transfers of (locks whatfoever made to any perfon or perfons, in any fraudulent or collufive manner, on purpofe to qualify him, her, or them, to give his, her, or their vote or votes, at any ele&ion of members of the court of dire&ors, or in any general court of the faid united company, (fubje& nevertheless to conditions or agreements, either verbal or in writing, to defeat or determine fuch transfers, or to retransfer or return the fame,) (hall be deemed and taken againft thofe perfons who transferred the iame, as free and abfolute, and be bolden and enjoyed, by all and every fuch perfon or perfons to whom: fuch transfer (hall be •	made.

Digitized by

Google

and all bonds, Covenants, &c. with perfons in truft, (hall be null and Void i

and every

perfon to whom transfers (hall have been made, or who (ball have voted by virtue thereof, at any election, who (hall afterwatds retransfer the fame, in con-fequence of any truth, &c. (hall forfeit, for every offence, 1000I. to be recovered, with full coils, at Wcft-niinfter; and after

Oft.i, I77J,

no proprietor (hall vote at any elt&ion of diie&ors in refpett of ftock amounting to Itrfs than iocoI. nor itntii he (hall have been pofldlcd ot fuch it calendar months.

Every pro-prietor poflef-led of 30001. capital Hock (lull be intit-led to two votes at any cit&ion ; if

Ariho decimo tertio GfcofcGli III. c. 63,	£177^

made, as aforefaid, freely and abfolutely acquitted, exonerated, and difeharged, of and from all manner of trufts, conditions, powers of revocation, provifoes of redemption, or other defeasances between or with the faid parties, or any other perfon or perfotls in truft for them; and that all bonds, covenants, notes collateral, or Other fecurities, contracts, or agreements, between or with the faid parties, or any other perfon or perfons in trail for them, or any of them, for the retransferring, redeeming, revoking, or defeating fuch transfer, or for the reftoring or retranf-ferring thereof, or any part thereof, to any perfon or perfonS who made fuch transfer, or to any other perfon or perfons in truft for them, or any of them, (hall be null and void, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever: and that every perfon to whom fuch transfer (hall have been made, and who (hall have voted by virtue thereof, at any eledion of members of the court of directors, or in any general court of the faid united company, and who (hall afterwards retransfer or return the feme* in confer quence of any truft, condition, powers of revocation, provifo of redemption, or other defeazance whatfoever, as aforefaid, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of one thoufand pounds ; one moiety whereof (hall go and be difpofed of to any perfon who (hall fue for the fame, and the other moiety to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceifors; to be recovered, together with full cofts of fuit, by aCticm of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at fVeJlminfler, wherein no efioin, privilege, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be admitted or allowed; and that from and after the firft day of Ofiober, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-three, no member or proprietor of the faid united company (hall be deemed qualified, or capable to vote, or be admitted to give any vote or votes, at any election of directors, or at any general court of the faid united company, in refped of any (lock ■amounting to lefs than one thoufand pounds, nor in refpeCt of any flock transferred to him, her, or them, after the faid firft day of Ofiobity one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-three, until he, (he, or they, (hall have been poffeffed of fuch flock twelve calendar months, in his, her, or their own right, and riot in truft for any other perfon or perfons whatfoever, freed and difeharged of all incumbrances which can or may affeCt the fame, unlefs fuch flock (hall have been acquired, or (hall have come to fuch proprietor by bequeft, or by marriage, or by fuc-celfion to any inteftate’s eftates, or by the cuftom of the city of London, or by any deed of fettlement after the death of any perfon who (hall have been intitled for life to the dividends of fuch flock; any law, ftatute, or ufage, to the contrary notwithflanding.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enaCted by the author rity aforefaid. That every member or proprietor of the faid united company, who (hall be poffefled, for the time or term aforefaid, in his or her own right, of three thoufand pounds, capital flock of the faid company, (hall be intitled to give two votes at any election of directors, or at any ballot of the faid

company;

Digitized by

Google

1773-1 Atihd dcrimo tettio Georgii III. C. 63.

company; and every member or proprietor who (hallbe pof-fefled, for the time or term aforefaid, of fix thoufand pounds, in his or her own right, (hall be intitled to give three votes; and every member or proprietor who (hall be poflefled, for the time or terra aforefaid, of ten thoufand pounds or more, (hall be intitled to give four votes at fuch election or ballot; and the oath and affirmation herein-after refpedtively prescribed, (hall, as occafion (hall require, be altered in fuch manner as (hall be neceflary to comprife fuch right of voting.

V.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enadled, That any member or proprietor of the faid united company (hall be deemed qualified or capable to vote, and (hall be admitted to give his or her vote or votes, at any eledtion of directors, or at any general court of the faid united company, that (hall be held after the firft day of Oftober, one thoufand feven hundred and fcventy-three, in refpedt of any fuch flock, not amounting to lefs than one thoufand pounds, whereof he or the (haft have been poflefled from the faid firft day of Oftober% any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding: and the oath and affirmation herein-after refpedtively preferibed, (hall be as occafion (hall require, altered in fuch manner in refpcdl of the continuance of the poflefiion of fuch flock, as to comprife the time aforefaid.

*27

poflefled of 6000 J. he (ball have three votes; and when poflefled of io,oool is intitled to four votes*

Every member (halt be deemed qualified to vote ac elections of directors, in refpett of 10001. flock, after 0&. i, *773*

VI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Upon efedHon That from and after the firft day of Oftober, one thoufand feven ot directors, hundred and feventy-three, upon every eledtion to be made of torftall01be-* any member or members of the court of diredlors, and upon fore admitted every ballot to be taken at any general court of the faid united to vote, take company, every member or proprietor of the faid company the following (hall, before admitted to vote at fuch eledtion, or in fuch oath* general court, firft take the oath hereafter mentioned before two or more of the diredtors of the faid united company, who are hereby impowered to adminifter fuch oath ; (that is to (ay,)

I A. B. do /wear, (or bring one of the people called Quakers, do folemnly affirm,) That the fum of one thoufand pounds or more of the capital flock of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, /landing in my name,' doth at this time bdongi and hath for the Jpace of twelve calendar months actually belonged to me, in my own right, and not in trull for any perfon or per-fins whatfoever; and that I have been in the aflual receipt of the dividends and profits thereof for my own ufey freed and discharged of cU incumbrances which can or may affeft the fame, for the faid fpace of twelve calendar months; or that the fame came to me within the time aforefaid by bequeft, or by marriage, or by fucceffion to an intefiate’s eftate, or by the cuftom of the city of London, or by fettle-ment; and that fuch flock has not been transferred or made to me fraudulently or colhdfruely on purpofe to qualify me to give my vote; and that J have not before given my vote on this ballot.

So help me God.

Digitized by

and

' Google

128	Anno	decimo	tertio	Georgii	III.	c.63*	[1773*

Perfom com- and in cafe any perfon taking the oath or affirmation hereby mining wilful appointed (hall thereby commit wilful perjury, and be thereof corrupt!convided; and if any perfon do unlawfully or corruptly procure Aborning or fuborn any other perfon to take the faid oath or affirmation, others fo to in order to vote, whereby he or (he (hall commit fuch wilful do, (hall be perjury, and (hall be thereof convi&ed, he, (he, and they, for penalties* in cve,7 °ffencc> tt*aH incur fuch Pa*n$ anc* Penalties as are Ad 5 Eliz. in and by two ads of parliament, the one made in the fifth year and a Geo. a. of the late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, an aftfor punijbing fuch perfons as /ball procure or commit wilful perjury, or fuborn or procure any perfon to commit any wilful or corrupt perjury j the other made in the fecond year of his majerty King George the , fecond, intituled, an aft for the more effeftual preventing, and further puni/hment of forgery, perjury, and fubornation of perjury, and to make it felony to /leal bonds, notes% or other fecurities, for payment of moneys direded to be inflided for offences committed contrary to the faid ads.

A Governor- VII. And, for the better management of the faid united company's general and affairs in India, be it further enaded by the authority aforefa*d, feMors^be That, for the government of the prefidency of Fort William in appointed, in Bengal, there (hall be appointed a governor-general, and four whom the	counfellors; and that the whole civil and military government

whole civil	Df thc prefidency, and alfo the ordering, management, and

government^ g°vernmcnt, of all the territorial acquifitions and revenues in of Bengal, the kingdoms of Bengal, Babary and Oriffa, (hall, during fuch Bahar, and time as the territorial acquifitions and revenues (hall remain in the pofieffion of the faid united company, be, and are hereby vetted. verted in the faid governor-general and council of the faid prefidency of Fort William in Bengal, in like manner, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, as the fame now are, or at any time heretofore might have been exercifed by the president and council, or feledt committee, ii> the (aid kingdoms.

In cafe of dif- VIII. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That in ^blion0the a^ ca^cs w^at^oevcr wherein any difference of opinion (hall arifo decifion'of the uPon anY queftion propofed in any confutation, the faid gover-major part to nor-general and council (hall be bound and concluded by the be concluttve) opinion and decifion of the major part of thofe prefent: and if death" re** °* ,#t ^aPPen that, ty the death or removal, or by the abfence, rnova],or ab* °f anY °fthe members of the faid council, fuch governor-gene-fence,’the go- ral and couhcil (hall happen to be equally divided ; then, and in vernor or every fuch cafe, the faid governor-general, or, in his abfence, co£n* cldeft councilor prefent, (hall have a carting voice, and hiii * catting afC opinion (hall be decifive and conclufive.

voice.	IX.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid,

Power of the That the faid governor-general and council, or the major par: governor-^ 0f them, (hall have, and they are hereby authorifed to have, council.a	'Apower of fuperintending and controuling the government and

management of the prefidencies of Madrojs, Bombay, and Bcncooln refpedivcly, fo far and in fo much as that it (hall not be lawfu for any president and council of Madrafs, Bombay, or Bencoolcn for the time being, to make any orders for commencing hoftili-

ties.

Digitized by

*773'] Aiino decimo tertio Georg 11 III. c. 63.

ties, or declaring or making war, again ft any Indian princes of powers, or for negotiating or concluding any treaty of peace, or other treaty, with any fuch Indian princes or powers, without the confent and aporobation of the faid governor-general and council fifft had and obtained, except in fuch cafes of imminent neceflity as would render it dangerous to poftpone fuch hoftili-ties or treaties until the orders from the governor-general and council might arrive; and except in fuch cafes where the faid prefidents and councils refpdlively (hall have received fpecial orders from the faid united company; and any prefident and council of Madrafi, Bombay, or Bencoolen, who (hall offend in any of the cafes aforefaid, (hall be liable to be fufpended from his or their office by the order of the faid governor-general and council; and every prefident and council of Madrafi Bombay, and Bencoolen, for the time being, (hall, and they are hereby re-fpdtively dire&ed and required, to pay due obedience to fuch orders as they (hall receive, touching the premifes, from the (aid governor-general and council for the time being, and con-ftantly and diligently to tranfmit to the faid governor-general and council advice and intelligence of all traqfa&ions and matters whatfoever that (hall come to their knowledge, relating to the government, revenues, or intereft, of the faid united com-1 pany; and the faid governor-general and council for the time being (hall, and they are hereby dire&ed and required to pay due obedience to all fuch orders as they (hall receive from the court of directors of the faid united company, and to correfpond, from time to time, and conftantly and diligently tranfmit to the faid court an exalt particular of all advices or intelligence, and of all tranfa&ions and matters whatfoever, that (hall come to their knowledge, relating to the government, commerce, revenues, or intereft, of the faid united company ; and the court of directors of the faid company, or their lucceffors, (hall, and they are hereby directed and required, from time to time, before the expiration of fourteen days after the receiving any fuch letters or advices, to give in and deliver unto the high treafurer, or commiffioners of his Majefty*s treafury for the time being, a true and exalt copy of fuch parts of the faid letters or advices as (hall any way relate to the management of the revenues of the faid company ; and in like manner to give in and deliver to one of his ^lajefty’s principal fecretaries of ftate for the time being, a true and exalt copy of all fuch parts of the faid letters or advices as (hall any way relate to the civil or military affairs and government of the faid company; all which copies (hall be fairly written, and (hall be figned by two or more of the direltors of the faid company.

X.	And it is hereby further enalted, That Warren Hajlings efquire (hall be the firft governor-general; and that lieutenant-general John Clavering, the honourable George Monfon% Richard Harwell efquire, and Philip Francis efquire, (hall be the four firft counsellors} and they., and each of them, (hall hold and continue in his and their refpedive offices for and during the term of ffve Volt. XXX*	K	years

129

Names of th* fiift governor-gencraj and councilor?, who (hall continue in office five years after their arrival at

Digitized by

Google

130	Anno	dechno tertio Georgii III. c. 63,	[*773*

Fort William years from the time of their arrival at Fort William in Bengal, lit Bengal. and taking upon them the government of the faid prefidency, and fhall not be removeable, in the mean time, except by his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, upon reprefentation made by the court of directors of the faid united company for the time being: and in cafe of the avoidance of the office of fuch governor-general by death, refignation, or removal, his place fhall, during the remainder of the term aforefaid, as often as the cafe ihall happen, be fupplied by the perfon of the council who {lands next in rank to fuch governor-general5 and, in cafe of the death, removal, refignation, or promotion, of any of the faid council, the directors of the faid united company are hereby empowered, for and during the remainder of the laid term of five years, to nominate and appoint, by and with the content of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, to be fignified under his or their fign manual, a perfon to fucceed to the office fo become vacant in the faid council; and, until fuch appointment fhall be made, all the powers and authorities veiled in the governor* general and council fhall refl and continue in, and be exercifed and executed by, the governor-general and council remaining and furviving; and from and after the expiration of the faid term of five years, the power of nominating and removing the fuc-ceeding governor-general and council fhall be veiled in the diredors of the faid united company.

Time when XI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, the provisions That the faid feveral provifions, relating to the faid governor-governor and* 8cncra^ anc* council, Ihall commence and take place from and council (hall immediately after the time that publick proclamation fhall be commence, made of the arrival of the faid governor-general and counfellors herein-before appointed, or any three of them, at Fort William. in Bengal \ which proclamation the fajd governor-general and council are hereby required to make.

The company XII. Provided always. That nothing in this ad Ihall extend, may appoint or be coniirued to extend, to prevent, controul, or reftrain the puritance of un*tec* company from conllituting and appointing fuch former ad« officers, fadors, or agents, as they (hall think proper and necef-•r charters, fary, by virtue or in purfuance of any powers, rights, or privi-legcs, granted to them by any former ad or ads of parliament, or by any charter or charters, for managing, condudmg, and tranlading the trade and commerce of the faid company, at and within the faid prefidency of Fort William in Bengal His Majefty XIII. And whereas bis late majejly King George the Second did, may, by char- by bis letters patent, bearing date at Weftminfter the eighth day of ter or letters January, in the twenty-fixth year of his reign, grant unto the Jaii KfcnaYuT un*tgd company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies preme court bis royal charter, thereby, cmongfl other things, conflicting an^ of judicature eflablijhing courts of civil, criminal, and ecdejiaftical jurifdiflion, at J* £?rt	the faid united company*s refpeilive fettlements at Madras-patnam*

William, ate. j^mbay, on the ifland ^Bombay, and Fort William in Bengal?

which faid charter does not fufficiently provide for the due adminijlra~ lion ofjuflice in fuch manner as the fate and condition of tbaompanyt 3

Digitized by

1773'1 Anno decimo tertio GfioRGiI III. c.

prefidency of Yon William in Bengal,^ long as the /aid company Jball continue in the pojftjfion of the territorial acqutfetions before mentioned, do and muft require j be it therefore enadled by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for his Ma-jefty, by charter, or letters patent under the great feal of Great Britain, to eredt and eftablifh a fupreme court of judicature at Fort William aforefaid, to confift of a chief juftice and threeother to confift of a judges, being barrifters in England or Ireland, of not lefs than chief juftice five years (landing, to be named from time to time by his Ma- other iu^ee his heirs ana fucceflors; which faid fupreme court of judi-	**	*

cature (hall have, and the fame court is hereby declared to have, full power and authority to exercife and perform all civil, criminal, admiralty, and eccleOaftical jurifdidtion^and to appoint fuch clerks, and other minifterial officers of the (aid court, with fuch realonable falaries, as (hall be approved of by the faid governor-general and council; and to form and eftablifh fuch rules of

Sra&ice, and fuch rules for the procefs of the faid court, and to o all fuch other things as (hall be found neceffary for the ad-miniftration of juftice, and the due execution of all or any of the powers which, by the faid charter, (hall or may be granted and committed to the faid court; and alfo (hall be, at all times, a court of record, and (hall be a court of oyer and terminer, and goal delivery, in and for the faid town of Calcutta, and fadtory of Fort William in Bengal aforefaid, and the limits thereof, ana the factories fubordinate thereto.

XIV.	Provided ncverthelcfs, and be it further enadted by the Extent of the authority aforefaid. That the faid new charter which his Majefty iunfdMtion is herein-before impowered to grant, and the jurifdi<5tion9 powers, and authorities, to be thereby eftablifhed, (hall and may charter j 7 extend to all Britijh fubjedis who (hall refide in the kingdoms or provinces of Bengal, Babary and OriJJay or any of them, under the prote&ion of the faid united company ; and the fame char- and of the ter lhall be competent and effectual: and the fupreme court of ruPrcmc coart judicature therein, and thereby to be eftablifhed, (hall have full of iu<1,c*turt-power and authority to hear and determine all complaints againft any of his Majefty’s fubjedis for any crimes, mi (demeanours, or oppreflions, committed, or to be committed ; and alfo to entertain, hear, and determine, any fuits or adtions whatfoever, againft any of his Majefty’s fubjedis in Bengal, Bahar, and OriJfa9 and any fait adtion or complaint, againft any perfon, who (hall, at the time when fuch debt, or caufe of adtion or complainty lhall have arifen, have been employed by, or (hall then have been, directly or indiredtly, in the fervice of the faid united company, or of any of his Majefty’s fubjedis.

XV.	Provided alfo. That the faid court (hall not be compe- Supreme teot, to hear, try, or determine, any indidtment or information court to hear againft the faid governor-general, or any of the faid council for fodittmern1*11* the time being, for any offence (not being treafon or felony) and infom*. which fuch governor-general, or any of the faid council, (hall turns.

‘ charged with having committed in Bengal, Babar%

fix.	XVI. Pro-

or may ne

tad Oriffa.

Digitized by

Google

*3?	Anno	decimo	tertio Georgii III. c. 63*	[1773*

XVI.	Provided allb, and be it ena#ed, That the faid fupreme thetiijy comlcourl hcar anc* determine any fuits or a#ions whatfoever of any of his Majcfty’s fubje#s, againft any inhabitant of India refiding in any of tne faid kingdoms or provinces of Bengal, Bahart or OrtJfaj or any of them, upon any contra# or agreement in writing entered into by any of the faid inhabitants with any of his Majefty's faid fubje#s, where the caufe of a#ion (hall exceed the fum of five hundred current rupees; and where the faid inhabitant (hall have agreed in the faid contra#, that, in cafe of difpute, the matter (hall be heard and determined in the faid fupreme court; and all fuch fuits or a#ions may be brought, in the firft infiance, before the faid court, or by appeal from the fentence of any of the courts eftablifhed in the (aid provinces, or any of them.

XVI. And it is hereby further ena#ed and provided, That nothing in this a# (hall extend to fubje# the perfon of the governor-general, or of any of the faid council or chief juftice and judges refpe#ivtly for the time being, to be arrefted or imprifon-

The governor-general, council, &c. not fubje# to be arretted or Impriioned.

Appeal may be made to bis Majefty ia council.

ed upon any a#ion, fuit, or proceeding in the faid court. XVIII. And be it further ena#ed by the authority aforefaid,

So much of tbe charter granted by *eo a new

That it (hall and may be dire#ed, in and by the faid new charter which his Majefty is herein-before impowered to grant, that in cafe any perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall think himfelf, heKelf, or themfelves, aggrieved by any judgement or determination of the faid fupreme court of judicature, to be eftabliflied as aforefaid, he, (he, or they, (hall and may appeal from fuch judgement or determination to his Majefty in council, his heirs or fucceffors, within fuch time, in fuch manner, and in fuch cafes, and on fuch fecurity, as his Majefty, in his faid charter, (hall judge proper and reafonable to be appointed and preferibed, XlX. And be it further ena#ed by the authority aforefaid, That fo much of the faid charter, granted by his faid late Ma-^a^ ffhould as refpe<^s or relates to the eftablifhment of the mayor’s a new charter court at Calcutta aforefaid, in Bengal, or to the civil, criminal, be granted) to or ecclefiaftical jurifdi#ion thereof, in the faid united company’s be repealed; fettlement there, or the fubordinates thereunto belonging, in cafe a new charter (hall be granted by his Majefty in purfuance of this a#, and (hall be openly publiftied at Fort IVilliam aforefaid, from and immediately after fuch publication, (hall ceafe, determine, and be abfolutely void, to all intents and purpofes: but neverthelefs, the faid charter, fo granted by his faid late Majefty, (hall, in all other refpe#s, and as for and concerning all or any other of the faid company’s principal prefidencies or fettlements to which the fame relates, or to any fa#orics or places now or hereafter to be fubordinate to fuch principal fet-tlements, continue, be, and remain in full force and virtue, according to the true intent and meaning thereof, and that as fully and effe#ual!y, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, as if this a# had never been made, or fuch new charter as aforefaid (hould never have been granted.

All records XX. And be it further cna#ed by the authority aforefaid, and muni-	That

othferwife to be in full force.

Digitized by L.ooQle

1773*1 Anno dcdmo tertio GeorGH III. C. 6$l	133

That all the records, muniments, and proceedings whatfoever, m«nts belong-of and belonging to the faid mayor’s court at Calcutta aforefaid, *ngto or to the courts of oyer and terminer and gaol delivery at Fort ^*£akutra, WiBiam aforefaid, eftablifhed by the faid charter of his faid late &c. to be de-Majefty, (hall, from and immediately after fuch court of judica- Hwcd to, and ture, which his Majefty is herein-beforc impowered to eredt, p.refenre<* by (hall be eftablifhed at Fort William as aforeUid, be delivered ““ new over, preferved and depoGted for (afe cuftody, in the faid new court of judicature, to which all parties concerned (hall and may refort and have recourfe, upon application to the faid court.

XXI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. Salaries etta-That during fuch time as the territorial acquifitions (hall re- blid*d to the main in the pofleffion of the (aid company, the court of directors

of the (aid united company (hall, and they are hereby required chicf'ja<fce» * to dircdl, and caufe to be paid, certain and eftablifhed falaries to and judges, the governor-general, and to each of the council of the faid united company’s prefidency of Fort William in Bengal, and to the chief juftice and each ot the judges of fuch fupreme court of judicature at Fort William, as (hall be by the faid new charter eftablithed; (that is to fay,) to the governor-general twenty-five thoufand pounds by the year, and to each of the council of the (aid united company’s prefidency of Fort William in Bengal ten thoufand pounds by the year; and to the chief juftice eight thouland pounds by the year; and to each of the judges of the (aid fupreme court of judicature, at Fort William* fix thoufand pounds by the year: and that fuch falaries (hall be paid and payable to each and every of them refpe&ively for the time being out of the faid territorial acquifitions in the kingdoms of Bengal*

Bahary and Oriffa.

XXII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefeid. When fuch That the falaries of fuch governor-general and council, and ofw,r*c#<hlft fuch chief juftice and judges, of fuch fupreme court of judica-

ture as aforefaid, (hall take place and commence in refpeeft to all fuch perfons who (hall be refident in Great Britain at the time of their appointment, upon, and from the day on which fuch perfon (hall embark from Great Britain; and that the blaries of all fuch perfons who (hall, at the time of their appointment, be refident in India, (hall commence and take place from and after their refpedtively taking uppn them the execution of their office as aforefaid; and rhat all fuch (alaries to fuch governor-general and council, and of luch chief juftice and judges, (hall be in lieu of all fees of office, perquifites, emoluments, and advantages, whatfoever; and that no fees of office, perquifites, emoluments, or advantages whatfoever, (hall be accepted, received, or taken hy fuch governor-general, and council, or by fuch chief juftice and judges as aforefaid, or any of them, in any manner, or on any account or pretence whatfoever, other than fuch falaries and allowances as are in and by this adt directed to be paid to them refpedively.

XXIIL And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, ^aver* That no governor-general, or any of the council of the faid ©r	*

K3	united	(ball not ao.

Digitized by CjOOQ 1C

13*	Anno	decimo	tcrrio GeoRGH III. 0.63,	[1773,

ccpt of any united company’s prefidency of Fort William in Bengali or any prefcnti chief juftice, or any of the judges of the fupreme court of judicature at Fort IVilliam aforefaid, (hall, directly or indirectly, by themfelves, or by any other perfon or perfons for his or their ufe, or on his or their behalf, accept, receive, or take, of or from any perfon or perfons, in any manner, or on any account whatfoever, any prefent, gift, donation, gratuity, or reward, pecuniary or otherwise, or any promife or engagement for any nor be con- prefent, gift, donation, gratuity, or reward ; and that no gover-cerned in any nor-general, or any of the faid council, or any chief juftice or tran ration	judgt of the faid court, (hall carry on, be concerned in, or have

tndfick. any dealing or tranfactions, by way of traffick or commerce of any kind whatfoever, either for his or their ufe or benefit, profit or advantage, or for the benefit or advantage of any other perfon or perfons whatfoever, (the trade and commerce of the (aid united company only excepted \) any ufage or custom to tho contrary thereof in any-wife notwithftanding.

Nq perfon XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, holding a civil That from and after the firft day of Augufti one thoufand feven °r m,Ut*5er huncfrcd and feventy-four, no perfon holding or e*erci(ing any

office under the crown, (hall accept any donation or gratuity*'

civil or military office under the crown, or the faid united company in the Eaji Indies, (hall accept, receive, or take, dire&Iy or indirectly, by himfelf, or any other perfon or perfons on his behalf, or for his ufe or benefit, of and from any of the Indian princes or powers, or their minifters or agents, (or any of the natives of Afta) any prefent, gift, donation, gratuity, or reward, pecuniary or otherwife, upon any account, or on any pretence whatfoever; or any prdmife or engagement for any prefent, gift, donation, gratuity, or reward: and if any perfon, holding or exercifing any fuch civil or military office, (hall be guilty of any fuch offence, and (hall be thereof legally convicted in fuch fupreme court at Calcutta, or in the mayor’s court in any other of the faid united company’s fettlements where fuch offence (hall have been committed \ every fuch perfon, fo convicted, (hall forfeit double the value of fuch prefent, gift, donation, gratuity, or reward, fo taken and received 5 one moiety of which forfeiture (hall be to the faid united company, and the other moiety to him or them who (hall inform or profecute for the fame; and alfo (hall and may be fent to England, by the order of the governor and council of the prefidency or (ettlement where the offender (hall be convicted, unlefs fuch perfon fo convicted (hall give fufficient fecurity to remove him or themfelves within twelve months after fuch conviction.

Councilors, XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by theau* lbV cons^nd thorily af°refa^> That nothing herein contained (hall extend, chaplains’, ex- or conftrued to extend, to prohibit or prev ent any perfon or cepted. perfons who fhall carry on, or exercife the profeffion of a coun-fellor at law, a phyfician, or a furgeon, or being a chaplain, from accepting, taking, or receiving any fees, gratuities, or rewards, in the way of their profeffion.

XXVI.	And it is hereby further etiafte^ by ihe authority

aforeiaid,

Digitized by Google

1773.]	Anno decimo tertio GeorGII III. c.63. x	3J

afore Aik), That every fuch prefent, gift, gratuity, donation, or The com-reward, accepted, taken, or received, and ail fuch dealing or pany may pro. tranfa&ion, by way of traffick or commerce, of any kind what- *nd foever, carried on, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a&, (hall be deemed and conftrued to have been received, waiving for- > taken, had, and done, to and for the foie ufe of the faid united feiture*. company; and that the faid united company, upon waiving all penalties and forfeitures, (hall and may fue and profecute for the recovery of the fame, or the full value of fuch prefent or gift, or the profits of fuch trade refpedtivdy, together with intereft, at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum9 from the time of fuch prefent, gift, gratuity, donation, or reward, being received, or of fuch dealing or tranfa&ion, by way of traffick or commerce, ts aforefaid, by adtion, for money had and received to the ufe of the faid company.

XXVII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. No collector. That from and after the firft day of Augufty one thoufand feven ^ VI[or> hundred and feventy-four, it (hall not be lawful for any collec- ?^°by way tor, fupervifer, or any other of His Majefty’s fubjedts, employed oftraffick. * or concerned in the collection of the revenues, or the admini-

ftration of juftice, in the provinces of Bengal, Babary or OriJfay or their agent9 or fervants, or any perfon or perfons in truft for them, to buy any goods, wares, merchandife, or other commodities whatioever, by way of traffick or trade, at any place within the provinces of Bengal\ Bahary and Orijfa, and to fell the fame again, or any part thereof at the place where he or they bought the fame, or at any other place within the faid provinces refpeCtively ; and it (hall not be lawful for any of his Majefty’s fubjedts in the faid provinces, to engage* intermeddle, or be any way concerned, diredlly or indiredtly, in the inland trade, in (alt, beetlenut, tobacco, or rice, except on the account of the faid united company^ on pain of forfeiting all fuch goods or commodities which he (hall fo buy and fell again, by way of traffick, or in which he (hall fo trade; and alfo treble the value thereof; one moiety to the faid united company, and the other moiety to him or them who will fue for the fame, in the faid fupreme court; and every liich perfon, on con vision, (hall, moreover, be liable to be fent to England, by fuch order as aforefaid, unlefs he or they (hall give iufficient fecuriry to remove him or themfelves, within twelve months after fuch conviction.

XXVIII.	Provided always. That nothing herein contained Not to reftrai* (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to prohibit or reftrain}?',?.^efty*# any of his Majefty’s fubjeCts, or any perfon or perfons whatfo- {,er«n pro-aver, (except fuch perfons as are by this aCt prohibited and hibited: retrained from being concerned in trade) from carrying on or exercifing any trade or traffick within Fort William, and the

town of Calcutta.

XXIX.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it enaCted by the au- Not to extend thority aforefaid. That nothing herein contained (hall extend, or ^bt^nor be conftrued to extend, to prohibit or prevent any fuch perfon [oitlUng «er-

- k 4	or

Jigitizetl by

Google

13$	Anno	decimo tertio Georgii III. c.63.	[1773,

chandifei pof- or perfons who is, are, or ihall be hereby refrained from carry-foiled by per- ing on any trade, or being concerned in the buying or felling fuch^ohibi any &00<*s* warcs> merchandifes, or other commodities whatfo-tion take' * ever, by way of traffick or trade, as aforefaid, or from being any place.	way concerned in the inland trade in fait, beetlenut, tobacco, or

rice, from collecting in their outftanding debts, or from felling and difpofing of the goods, wares, merchandises, effe&s, and (lock in trade, of which fuch perfon or perfons (hall feverally be poffeffed, at the time when fuch prohibition (hall rcfpc&ively take place, fo as each fuch perfon or perfons who, by this ad is, are, or (hall be fo reftrained, (hall, and each and every of them refpedively do, deliver in to fuch governor-general and council of the provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and QriJJa, aforefaid, yvithin thirty days from the time when fuch reftri&ion, and prohibition (hall take place, as aforefaid, a full, true, and juft fpeci-fication, upon oath, of the goods, wares, and merchandises* effedts, and (took in trade, of which he or they (hall be at that r	time fo refpedtively poffeffed ; and fo as fuch perfon or perfon*

(hall and do fell and difpofe of fuch goods, wares, merchandifes, s effects, and (lock in trade, within the fpace of nine months after fuch reftridtion and prohibition, as aforefaid, (hall commence and take place; and fo as no new trade or concern in commerce or merchandife be entered into, contradted for, or carried on, by fuch perfon or perfons.

No perfon XXX. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, flull take, on That no fubje& of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, in the above”	Indies*	(hall,	upon	any	contradt which (hall be made from

tJsVraU of anc* a^ter l^c	day	of Augujl, one thoufand feven hunr

1 % per cent,	died and feventy-foqr, take, diredtly or indirectly, for loan of

ptr annum.	any monies, wares, pwchandife, or other commodities what-

foever, above the value of twelve pounds for the forbearance of one hundred pounds for a year \ and fo after that rate for a (greater or lefs fum, or for a longer or fhorter time; and that all bonds, contradts, and ^fftirances whatfoever, made after the fime aforefaid, for payment of any principal or money to be lent or covenanted to be performed upon, or for any ufury whereupon or whereby there (hall be referved or taken above the rate of twelve pounds in the hundred, as aforefaid, (hall be utterly Ferfon* by vp’d : and all an every fuch perfon or perfons whatfoever who eovm accept- (hall, aftpr the time aforefaid, upon any con trad to be made lhflH'orieit!|C" a^ler kid firft day of Augujl^ one thoufand feven hundred far every of- and fevepty-four, take, accept, and receive by way or means of foot**, treble any corrupt bargain, loan, exchange, fhifr, or intereft of any the value j waies, merchandifes, or pther thing or things whatfoever, or by any deceitful way or mean, or by any covin, engine, or deceitful conveyance, for the forbearing or giving day of payment for one whole year, of and for fheir money or other thing, above the fum of twelve pounds for the forbearing of one hundred pounds for a year, and fo after that rate for a greater or leffer fum, or for a longer or fhorter term, (hall forfeit and lofe, fcjr every fuch offence, treble the value ot the fpopje$, wares?

Digitized by v^ooQle

*37

j773*1 Anno decimo tcrtio GfioRGli IIL c. 63. siercbandifes, and other things fo lent, bargained, exchanged, or (hifted, with cods of fuit, one moiety whereof (hall be to the One moiety fcid united company, and the other moiety to him or them who to go to tbe will fue for the fame in the faid fupreme court of judicature at Ftrt William in Calcutta, or in the mayor’s court in any other of *"thc pr^c_ the faid united company’s fettlements where fuch offence (hallcutor, have been committed, by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information in which no effoin, wager of law, or protection, (hall be allowed; and in cafe no fuch action, bill, plaint, or information,

(hall have been brought and profecuted with effeCt within three years, that then it (hall and may be lawful to and for the party aggrieved to fue and profecute for recovery of all fums of money paid over and above fuch rate of intereft.

XXXI.	And be it further enaCted, That no informer or Perfons mak-plaintiff (hall or may compound or agree with any perfon or Ipg compofi-pcrfons that (hall offend, or (hall be fiirmifed to offend, againft

this ad, for any offence committed, or pretended to be com- w of the mined, before anfwer made in the faid fupreme court, unto aft, the information or fuit in that behalf exhibited or profecuted, nor after anfwer, but by the order or confent of the faid court,

?n pain that if any perkm or perfons (hall offend in making of my compofition or agreement, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this ad, or (hall by colour or pretence of procefs, or without procefs, upon colour or pretence of any matter of offence againft this ad, make any compofition, or take any money, reward, or promife of reward, for himfelf, or to the uie of any other, without order or confent of tbe faid court; that liable to be then, he or they fo offending, being thereof lawfully convided, imprifoaedat (hall, for every fuch offence, be liable to be fined and imprifon-ed, at tbe diferetion of the (aid court.

XXXII.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore- Perfons who

faid. That frpm and after the faid fir ft day of	k

thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four, it (hall	w	w

fill for any perfon or perfons whatfoever, who (hall have been rcfign/&c. difmiffed from, or (hall have voluntarily refigned, the fervice of the faid united company, or for any free merchant, free mariner, or other perfon, whofe covenants or agreements with the faid united company for refiding or trading in India (hall be expired, from thenceforth to carry on or be in any-wife concerned in any trade, traffick, merchandife, or commerce whatfoever, in the Eajl Indies, other than for the difpofal of his or their (lock in not to be con-hand, without the licence of the faid united company, or the earned in any governor-general and council of the prefidency of Fort William oth^r than for in Bengal, or the preiident and council at the place or fettlement difpofal of where fuch perfon or perfons (hall refide for that purpofe, firft ftock in hand, had and obtained,

XXXIII. And be it further enaded by the authority afore- Servants of (aid. That from and after the faid firft day of Augujl* one thou- the company (and feven hundred and feventy-four, if any of his Majefty’s profited w fubjeds in India* employed by, or in the adual fervice of the ^ °* (aid uqitfd company, (hal| be charged with and profecuted for convftiaiu

SMiy

Digitized by

Google

138	Anno	cfccimo tertio Georg 11 III. c. 63. [1773.

to be fined or any breach of pubiick truft, or for embezzlement of publick imprironed at money or (tores, or for defrauding the faid united company;

ofCthe cotirt0 evcry °ffcn<kr, being convi&ed thereof, in the find fupreme court of judicature, or in any court of judicature in any other prefidency or fettlement in India, may be fined and imprifoncd, and adjudged to be for ever after incapable of ferving the (kid united company, at the difcretion of the court before which he (hall be tried ; and immediately after the fentence of fuch coart (hall have been executed and infli&ed, (hall and may be fent over to England, by fuch order, and in fuch manner, as is here-in-before mentioned and directed, unlefc he (hall remove hitn-felf within twelve months, and in the mean time give (ufficient fecurity fo to do.	f

Offences to be XXXIV. And be it further enaAed by the authority afore-(aid, That all offences and mifdemeanours which (hall be laid, lrjc^ and enquired of in the faid fupreme court, Shall be tried by a jury of Britijb fubjcAs refident in the town of Calcutta, and not otherwife.

XXXV.	And be it further enaAed by the authority afore-com unci or That aficr any judgement of the (aid fupreme court of judi-difctwge”en- c^ure, or of any court of judicature at any of the faid united

company’s fettlements, againft any of the faid united company’s fervants, civil or military, for any debt or penalty, due or belonging to the faid united company, (hall be made known to the court of direAors for the time being of the faid united company, it (hall not be lawful to releafe or compound faeh fentence or judgement, or to releafe, difeharge, or put a flop to any profecution, fuit or aAion, commenced or to be commenced, for carrying on any illicit trade, or for any debt or penalty due to the faid united company, or to reftore any fervant or fervanti whatever of the faid company, who (hall have been removed or dimified from his or their office or employment, for or upon account of any mifbehaviour, without the confent of three parts in four of the faid court of direAors, to be taken by ballot, and alfo the confent of three parts in four in number of the proprietors of the faid united company, who (hall be prefent, and give their votes by ballot, to be taken at a general court to be (pecially called for that purpofe, and of which fourteen days publick notice, at the lead, (hall be given before the holding the fame, and of the particular occafion for which fuch general court (hall be called.

XXXVI.	And be it further enaAed by the authority afore-

neral and ~ faid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the governor-genera! council may an(j councj| 0f the faid united company’s fettlement at Fort regulations as WiUiQm in Bengal, from time to time, to make and iffue fuch may appear rules, ordinances, and regulations, for the good order and civil juitj	government of the faid united company’s fettlement at Fort

William aforefaid, and other faAories and places fubordinate, or to be fubordinate thereto, as (hall be deemed juft and reafon-able, (fuch rules, ordinances, and regulations, not being repugnant to the laws of the realm,) and to fet, impofe, inniA, and

levy,

tcnces of the fupreme court, See.



ot enrim fubjedU.

The company may ,

Digitized by v^ooQle

1773O, Anno dccimo tertio Georgii III. c.63.	139

levy, reafonable fines and forfeitures fqr the breach or non-obtcrvance of fuch rules, ordinances, and regulations; but which (hall neverthelefe the feme, or any of them, (hall not be valid, or of not be valid any force or effedl, until the Jame (hall be duly regiftered and u.n“l	"

publithed in the faid fupreme court of judicature, which (hall be, Spremem by the faid new charter, eftabiithed, with the confent and appro- court, bation of the faid court, which regiftry (hall not be made until the expiration of twenty days after the fame (hall be openly pub-1 i(hed, and a copy thereof affixed in fome confpicuous part of the court-houfe or place where the faid fupreme court (hall be held; and from and immediately after fuch regidry as aforefaid, the fame (hall be good and valid in law ; but nevertheless, it Appeal* may fhall lawful for any perfon or perfons in India to appeal there-to- tJ^de from to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, in council, who arelou^i^who hereby impowered, if they think fit, to fet afide and repeal any may repeal fuch rules, ordinances, and regulations refpeltively, fo as fuch fuch rules \ appeal, or notice thereof, be lodged in the faid new court of judicature, within the (pace of fixty days after the time of the regiftering and publifhing the fame; and it fhall be lawful for any perfon or perfons in England to appeal therefrom in like manner, within fixty days after the publifhing the feme in Eng» land; and it is hereby dire&ed and required, that a copy of all and a copy of fuch rules, ordinances, and regulations, from time to time, as*)1 regul*-the famje (hall be fo received, (hall be affixed in fome confpi-cuous and publick place in the India Houfe, there to remain and i^a Houfe. lje reforted to as occafion (hall require; yet nevcrtbelefs, fuch appeal (hall not obftrud, impede, or hinder the immediate execution of any rule, ordinance, or regulation, fo made and regiftered as aforefaid, until the feme (hall appear to have been fet afide or repealed, upon the hearing and determination of fuch appeal.

XXXVII.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the au- Governor-ge-thority aforefaid, That the (aid governor-general and council neral and (hall, and they are hereby required, from time to time, to	cb-

tranfmit copies of all fuch rules, ordinances, and regulations, as pic, their they (hall make and iffqe, to one of his Majefty’s principal rules to one iecretaries of date for the time being, and that it (hall and may of the fccre-be lawful to and for his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, from varies of ftatej time to time, as they (hall think neceflary, to (ignify to the faid united company, under his or their fign manual, his or their difapprobation and difallowance of all fuch rules, ordinances, and regulations; and that from and immediately after the time which if his that fuch difapprobation (hall be duly regiftered and publifhed in the feid fupreme court of judicature at Fort IVilliam in dirallowance** Bengal, ail fuch rules, ordinances, and regulations, (hall be null (hall have and void; but in cafe his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, full force.

(hall not, within the fpace of two years from the making of fuch rules, ordinances, and regulations, fignify his or their difapprobation or difellowance thereof, as aforefaid, that then, and in that cafe, all fuch rules, ordinances, and regulations,

(hall be valid and effectual, and have full force.

.	XXXVIII.	And

Digitized by Google

14a	Anno	decimb	tcrrio	Georgii III. c. 63. [1773.'

Govemor-ge- XXXVIII. And be it further enaded by the authority afore-neral and faid, That the governor-general and council for the time being eonncil to aO 0f the faid united company’s fettlement at Fort William afpre-. pcace.^” ***<*> an<* c^,c^ juft*0* and other judges of the laid fupreme **	*	court of judicature, (hall and may, and they are hereby rcfpec-

tively declared to be, and to have full power and authority to adt as juftices of the peace for the (aid fettlement, and for the feveral fettlements and factories fubordinate thereto ; and to do and tranfadt all matters and things which to the office of a juftice or juftices of the peace do belong and appertain ; and for that purpofe the faid governor-general and council are hereby authorifed and impowered to hold quarter-feffions within the faid fettlement of Fort WiUiam aforefaid, four times in every year, and the fame (hall be at all times a court of record.

If the gover- XXXIX. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, nor-general. That if any governor-general, prefident, or governor, or council commit 0/*°* any	^	comPany’s	principal or other fettlements in

fencM^the' India, or the chief juftice, or any of the judges of the faid fame may be fupreme court of judicature, to be by the faid new charter eftab-tmd and dc- lifted, or of any other court in any of the faid united company’s "f tenements, or any other perfon or perfons who now are, or Kin^sBencb. heretofore have been employed by or in the fervice of the faid united company, in any civil or military Ration, office, or capacity, or who have or claim, or heretofore have had or claimed, any power or authority, or jurifdidMon, by or from the faid united company, or any of his Majefty’s fubjedb refiding in India, (hall commit any offence againft this ad, or (hall have been, or (hall be guilty of, any crime, mifdemeanour, or offence, committed againft any of his Majefty’s fubjedb, or any of the inhabitants of India, within their refpedtive jurifdidions, all fuch crimes, offences, and mifdemeanours, may be refpedively enquired of, heard, tried, and determined in his Majefty’s court of King's Bench, and all fuch perfons fo offending, and not having been betore tried for the fame offence in India, (hall, on con-vidtion, in any fuch cafe as is not otherwife fpeciaily provided for by this adt, be liable to fuch fine or corporal punifhmcnt as the (aid court (hall think fit; and moreover (hall be liable, at the diferetion of the faid court, to be adjudged to be incapable of ferving the faid united company in any office, civil or military 5 and all and every fuch crimes, offences, and mifdemeanours, as aforefaid, may be alledged to be committed, and may be laid, enquired of, and tried in the county of Middlefex. Manner of XL. jfnd whereas the provi/ions made by former laws for the procedure in hearing and determining in England offences committed in India have cates ot in-	faen fmni inejfeflual, by reafon of the difficulty of proving in this

fnfemaftons	kingdom ntotters done there 5 be it further enadled	by the autho-

laid in the rity aforefaid. That in all cafes of indidlments or informations, Kang’s Bench, laid or exhibited in the faid court of King's Bench, for milde-meanours or offences committed in India, it (hall and may be lawful for his Maiefty’s faid court, upon motion	to be made on

behalf of the pro&cntor9 ox of th$ defendant of	defendants, to

award

Digitized by G»ooQle

1773-3 Anno decimo tcrtio GeorOU III. c. 63.	*41

award a writ or writs of Mandamus, requiring the chief juftice and judges of the faid fupreme court ox judicature tor the time being, or the judges of the mayor’s court at Madrafs, Bombay* or Bencoolen, as the cafe may require, who are hereby refpec-tively authorifed and required accordingly to hold a court, with all convenient fpeed, for the examination of witnefles, and receiving other proofs concerning the matters charged in fuch indictments or informations refpeCtively ; and, in the mean time, to caufe fuch publick notice to be given of the holding the (aid court, and to iffue fuch fummons or other procefs, as may be requifite for the attendance of witnefles, and of the agents or counfel, of all or any of the parties refpe&ively, and to adjourn, from time to time, as occafion may require ; and fuch examination as aforefaid (hall be then ana there openly and publickly taken vivd voce in the laid court, upon the refpe&ive oaths of witnefles, and the oaths of (ktlful interpreters, adminiftered according to the forms of their feveral religions; and (hall, by fome fwom officer of fuch court, be reduced into one or more writing or writings on parchment, in cafe any duplicate or duplicates (hould be required by or on behalf of any of the parties intereft-ed, and (hall be fent to his Majefty, in his court of King's Bench, clofed up, and under the feals of two or more of the judges of the faid court, and one or more of the faid judges (hall deliver the fame to the agent or agents of the party or parties requiring the fame; which faid agent or agents, (or, in cafe of his or their death, the perfon into whofe hands the fame (hall come,)

(hall deliver the fame to one of the clerks in court of hisJMa-jefty’s court of King's Bench, in the publick office, and make oath that he received the fame from the hands of one or more of the judges of fuch court in India* (or, if fuch agent be dead, in what manner the lame came into his hands;) and that the fame has not been opened, or altered, fince he fo received it, (which laid oath fuch clerk in court is hereby authorifed and required to ad-minifter:) and fuch depofitions, being duly taken and returned* according to the true intent and meaning of this aCt, (hall be allowed and read, and (hall be deemed as good and competent evidence as if fuch witnefs had been prefent, and fworn and examined viva voce at any trial for fuch crimes or tnifdemean-ours, as aforefaid, in his Majefty’s faid court of King's Bench* any law or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding; and all parties concerned (hall be intitled to take copies of luch depofitions at their own cofts and charges.

XLI. And be it further enaCted by the authority afore* Offences faid. That in cafe the faid chief juftice or judges of the faid »g»nft this fupreme court of judicature, or any of them, for the time being,

(hall commit any offence againft this aCt, or be guilty of any chief juftices corrupt practice or other crime, offence, or mifdemeanour, in or judges to the execution of their refpeCtive offices, it lhall and may be law- bedetermined ful for his Majefty’s faid court of King's Bench in England, upon b]^.* c?l,rt an information or indictment laid or exhibited in the ftid court,	a

for fuch crime, offence, or mifdemeanour, upon motion to be

made

Digitized by Google

14*

The chancellor, or fpeaker of the bo life of commons, may iffue warrants for the examina-tion of wit-neffesin India; which (hall be deemed competent evidence to both boufes of parliament.

No proceedings in parliament. touching offences in India, to be difeontinued by any prorogation.

Anno decimo tfcrtio GfcoRGit III. C. 6%. [1773*

made in the (aid court, to award fuch writ or Writs of Mandamus, as aforefaid, requiring the governor-general, and council of the (aid united company’s fettlement at Fort IVilliam aforefaid, who are hereby refpe&ively authorifed and required accordingly to aflemble themfelves in a rcafonabie time, and to caufe all fuch proceedings to be had and made as are herein-before refpedively directed and preferibed concerning the examination of wirnefles ; and fuch examination, fo taken, (hall be returned and proceeded upon in the fame manner, in all refpe&s, as if the feveral directions herein-before preferibed ahd enabled in that behalf were again repeated.

XLII. And be it further eftafled, by the authority aforefaid. That m all cafes of proceedings in parliament, touching ahy offences againft this a61, or any other offtnees committed irt India, it (hall and mav be lawful for the lord high chancellor, or fpeaker of the houfe of lords^ and alfo for the fpeaker of the houfe of commons for the time being, in like manner, to iffud his or their warrant or warrants to the governor-general and council of the faid united company’s prefidenejr of Fort Wiliam, and to the chief juftice and judges of the faid fupreme cotirt of judicature, or the judges of the mayor’s cOutt at Madrafs, Bombay, or Bencoolen, as the cafe may require, for the examination of witneffes; and fuch examination (hall be returned to thd faid lord high chancellor, or fpeaker of the houfe of lords, or to the fpeaker of the houfe of commons refpeftively, and proceeded upon in the fame manner, in all refpedls, as if the feveral directions herein-before preferibed and enadled in that behalf were again particularly repeated; and every fuch examination, returned cither to the lord chancellor, or fpeaker of the houfe of lords, or to the fpeaker of the houfe of commons, as aforefaid, (hall be deemed good and competent evidence, and (hall be allowed and read in both houfes of parliament, or either of them refpe&ivcly, as occafion may require j any law or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

XLIII. And wbereds, by the ufage and cuftom of parliament, no proceedings by bill in parliament have continuance from one fejfon to another; and whereas it would be impracticable that the examination taken upon fuch warrant, as cforejhid, could ever be returned within the ordinary length of a fejfon of parliament 5 be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the firft day of Uoitetn-ber, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-three, no proceedings in parliament touching any offence committed, or to be committed, in India, wherein fuch warrant aS aforefaid (hall have been i(Tued, (hall be difeontinued by any prorogation or diffolution of the parliament, but that fuch proceedings may be refumed and proceeded upon in a fubfequent feffion, or in a lub-ftqucnt parliament, in either houfe of parliament, in like manner, to all intents and purpofes, as they might have been in the courfe of one and the fame feffion; any law, ufage, or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

XLIV. Ahd whereas- bis Majtjifi Jubjeffs ere liable to be defeated

Digitized by

Google

*7730 Anno dccimatertio Gsorgii III. c.64»	.143

feated of-their feverdl rights, titles, debts, dues, demands,	/a/7j, writs of Maru

they have cauje arifmg in India againjl other fubjefls of his damus may be Majejiy $ /wu/, for preventing fuch failure of jujlice, be it further a*'arded enafted by the authority aforefaid, That when, and as often as wcftmhjfter the faid united company, or any perfon or perfons whatfoever, when the (hall commence and profecute any aftion or fuit, in law or company equity, for which caufe hath arifen, or (hall hereafter arife in commence India, againft any other perfon or perfons whatever, in any of o/eVuity^ his Majefty’s courts at Wejlminjlcr, it (hall and may be lawful there, for fuch court refpeftively, upon motion there to be made, to provide and award fuch writ or writs, in the nature of a Mandamus, or commifiion, as aforefaid, to the chief juftice and judges of the faid fupreme court of judicature for the time being, or the judges of the mayor’s court at Madrafs, Bombay, or BencooUn, as the cafe may require, for the examination of wit-nefles, as aforefaid ; and fuch examination, being duly returned,

(hall be allowed and read, and (hall' be deemed good and competent evidence, at any trial or hearing between the parties in fuch caufe or aftion, in the fame manner, in all retpefts, as if the feveral directions herein-before preferibed and enafted in that behalf were again repeated.

XLV. Provided neverthelefs, and be it enafted, That no fuch depofitions, taken and returned as aforefaid by virtue of cd>lto ‘a™* this aft, (hall be allowed or permitted to be given in evidence in lowed as evi-ahy capital cafes, other than fuch as (hall be proceeded againft dence, in any in parliament; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary no^ roceeded notwithftanding.	awiSftiTpar.

XLVI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, liament.

That all and every the rights, interefts, powers, privileges, and The privi-authorities, which are now veiled in the faid united company of leges of the merchants trading to the Eajl Indies, and which are not hereby company, not exprefsly taken away, altered, or varied, (hall remain to, and ^	’

continue in the faid company, in as full and ample a manner, in forcc. to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, as if this aft had never been made.

XLVII. And be it further enafted by the authority afore-Publick aft. faid. That this aft (hall be deemed and taken to be a publick aft ; of which notice (hall be judicially taken by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whatfoever, without fpecially plead-iog the fame.

CAP. LXIVV

An ail for granting to his Majejiy a fum of money to be ratfed by exchequer bills •, and to be advanced and applied in the manner, and upon the terms therein mentioned, for the relief of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies.

WHEREAS the united company of merchants of England Preamble.

trading to the Eaft Indies do at prefent labour, and have, for feme time paf% laboured under great and unufual difficulties in the

carry-

Digitized by

Google

Arino decifrio tertio GeoROii III. c. 64* [1

tarrying on of their affairs, from which it greatly imports the publick* as well as the faid united company, that they Jhould, as fpeedily as pof-fible, be relieved: and whereas the faid company, finding themfelves under the neceffity of applying to parliament for relief, did, by their petition to the houje of commons, make application far the loan of one million five hundred thoufand pounds, or fo much as Jhould be Wanted to be advanced, and repaid in fuch manner, and to be attended with fitch other conditions and provifions as in their faid petition is fet forth, in confequcnce whereof the boufe of commons, came to feveral reflations, fptcifying the terms upon which it might be expedient for the publick to advance to the faid united company the fium of one million four hundred thoufand pounds, and the feveral limitations which ought to accompany fuch loan: and whereas the faid united company did, by a fubfequent petition, declare their determination to depend on the laws of their country, and fiubmit to the temporary difficulties which may attend the prefent Jkuation of their affairs, rather than receive the loan offered to them upon the conditions prescribed: and whereas, in cafe the faid company Jhould not be forthwith affijltd by the publick with the advance of a considerable fum of money, they would remain altogether unable to provide for the payment of their debts, feme of which debts being due to the publick, and others to the governor and company of the bank	England, the payment thereof could not long

be pofiponed without great prejudice to the publick firvice, and difad-vantage to publick credit, and yet could not be expedited or fecured otherwife than by the ufe of fuch methods as muft be attended with confequences the mojl fatal to the faid united company; and, forafmucb as upon moderation of the feveral matters before mentioned, it appears abfoiutely necejjary that immediate provifton Jhould be made by parliament for giving affifiance to the faid company, in fucb manner, and upon fuch terms, as may be btft calculated for effecting the prefer-vation of the faid united company, and the reejlablijhment of their affairs, without leaving it in the power of the general court of proprietors, by withholding their confent to the acceptance of fieeb affifiance, to expofe, at once, each Jeparate proprietor of Eaft India fiock, the company itfelf, the creditors of the company, and the publick, to all the mifchiefs which mufi attend the want of fuch affifiance, as aforefaid: and whereas it hath been refolved that a fum, not exceeding one million four hundred thoufand pounds, be granted to his Majefiy, so be applied for the purpofe of relieving the Eaft India Company, and for fecuring to the creditors of the faid company a more fpeedy fatisfaftion of their demands: now, to the end that no want or failure may happen or be made by reafon or means of fuch grant, and the application of the fame, in the aids granted, or to be granted, in this feffton of parliament, for defraying the feveral publick fervices, and for anfwering which the faid aids were, or may be intended to be applied} and, for the better fupplying the faid fum tf one million four hundred thoufand pounds, and applying the fame in the mofi effeflual manner for the purpofes above mentioned \ avc your Majefty’s moft dutiful ^ and loyal fubje&s, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament affembled, do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be cna&cd ; and be it ena&ed by the King’s molt excellent an*

jefty.

1773*] Anno dedmo tertio Georgii JII. C. 64.	145

jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflfem-bled, and by the authority of the fame. That it (hall and may Comrotflion-be lawful to and for the commiflloners of his Majefty’s treafury, ere of the now and.for the time being, or any three or more of them, or lretluT» for the high treafurer for the time being, and he and they re- °a^ *• fpedively are hereby authorised and impowered, at any time or cau?< cxche-times before the firft day of October, one thoufand feven hun- quer bills, for dred and Seventy*three, by his or their warrant or warrants, to M*o°»ooo! to dired, or caufe to be prepared and made, at the receipt of his rslief of the^ Uajefty’s exchequer, any number of exchequer bills for Such gaft i^ia film or Sums of money as he or they (hall think mod proper company, and convenient, fo as all the principal monies to be contained in the bills lb to be made forth by virtue of this a<5t do not exceed in the whole the faid fum of one million four hundred thoufand pounds, (exdufive of any exchequer bills that are or may be made forth by virtue of any other ad or ads pa fled in this feffion of parliament for the publick fervice;) and the faid exchequer bills, fo to be made forth in purfuance of this ad,

(hall bear an intereft, not exceeding the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, and proportionably for any greater or lefs film to be contained therein, to be payable to the bearers thereof refpedively; which faid exchequer bills lhall be made out in according to the like manner, form, and order, and according to the fame or the rule* in like rules and diredions, as in. and by an ad of this prefent ^Geo* • feflion of parliament, intituled. An aft for continuing and grant- 3,15 tQ% ing to bis Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and Perry * for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-three% are enaded and preferibed concerning the exchequer bills authorifed to be made forth in purfuance of the faid ad.

II.	And be it it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Clanfe* in tht

That all and every the,claufes, provifoes, powers, privileges, malr-rax «d advantages, penalties, forfeitures, and difabilitics, contained in	l°

the faid lad-mentioned ad, relating to the exchequer bills authorifed to be made out by the fame ad, (except fuch claufes

as do charge the fame on the duties granted and contained by the fame ad, and except fuch claufes as limit the rate of intereit to be paid for the forbearance of the money lent on the credit of the faid ad, and alfo except as is herein-after mentioned,)

(hall be applied and extended to the exchequer bills to be made forth in purfuance of this act, as fully and effedually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame exchequer bills had been originally authorifed by the faid Jaft-mentioned ad, or as if the faid feveral claufes or provifoes had been particularly repeated and re-enaded in the body of this ad.

III.	Provided always, and be it further cnaded by the autho- The exche-rity aforefaid. That no exchequer bill or bills, to be made out qucr bill* by virtue of this ad, (hall, after the fame hath or have been jjjf imied at the receipt of the exchequer, be afterwards, at any time t?J9 j before the fixth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and

Vol. XXX.	L	feventy-

Anno decimo tertio GeoRGIi III. c.64. [1773.

feventy-nine, received or taken, or pafs or be current, to any receiver or colledor in Great Britain, of the cuftoms, excife, or any revenue, fupply, aid, or tax whatfoever, due or payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, or at the receipt of the exchequer, from any fuch receiver or collector, or from any other perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, otherwife or on any other account than for the difeharge and cancelling of fuch bills, in cafe the fame (hall be in due courfe or order of payment before the faid fixth day of Aprils one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine 5 nor (hall any receiver or colle&or exchange, at any time, before the faid fixth day of Aprils one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, for any money of fuch revenues, aids, taxes, or fupplies, in his hands, any exchequer bill or bills which (hall have been iffued as aforefaid, by virtue of this ad ; nor (hall any a&ion be maintained againft any fuch receiver or collector for neglecting or refufing to exchange any fuch bill or bills for ready money before the faid fixth day of Aprils one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, any thing in the faid a<5t made in this feflion of parliament, intituled, An aft for continuing and granting to his Majefty certain duties ufm malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one tboufoni feven hundred and feventy-tbree, or this ad, contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefcid, q^birrC That all fuch exchequer bills, together with the intereft, pre-with the in- mium, rate, and charges incident to or attending the fame, (hall tereft, &c to ^ and arc heret>y charged and chargeable upon, and fhall be on the'nTonies rcPa^ and borne by and out of the monies to be paid into the to l>r paid into receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer by the united company of the exchequer merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, in the manner, by the Eaft and at the times, here;n-after direded and appointed: and in ‘y Com" cafe fuch monies, Co to be paid into the faid receipt of the exchequer, (hall not be fufficient to fatisfy and difeharge all the principal monies contained in fuch exchequer bills, together with all the intereft, premium, rate, and charges, incident to and attending the fame, and that fhall incur, and grow due thereupon before the faid fixth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine ; then, and in fuch cafe, the faid exchequer bills, or fuch part thereof as (hall remain unfatisfied and uncancelled, together with all the intereft due, or to grow due thereupon, and all other charges and expences incurred, or to be incurred, in refpeef of the fame exchequer bills, (hall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of all or any the aids or fupplies that (hall or may be granted by parliament, for the fcrvice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine: and, in cafe fufficient aids or fupplies for that purpofe (hall not be granted before the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, then all the faid exchequer bills, with the intereft, premium, rate, and charges, incident to or attending the fame, (hall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon fuch monies as at any time or times at or after

6	the

nor be exchanged.

Digitized by

Google

I773-] Aftno declmo tertio Georgii 111. c. 64.	14?

thefaid fifth day of July, one thoufand fcven hundred and Seventy-nine, (hall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer of the furplufles, exceffes, overplus monies, and other revenues, compofing the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, (except fuch monies of the faid finking fund as are appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes by any adt or ad\s of parliament in that behalf;) and fuch monies of the faid (inking fund (hall and may be iflued and applied, as foon as the fame can be regularly dated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and discharging, fuch exchequer bills fo remaining uncancelled and unpaid, together with the intereft, premium, rate, and charges* until the whole of them (hall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or money Sufficient for that purpofe be kept and reserved in the exchequer, to be payable, on demand, to the re-fpeeftive proprietors thereof.

V.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed by the authority afore- Monies iflued faid. That whatever monies (hall be fo iflued out of the faid fur- out of the phifles, exceffes, overplus monies, and other revenues, compo- finking found fing the faid finking fund, (hall, from time to time, be replaced t0

by and out of the firft aids or fupplies to be then after granted ^ geral[tC£i# in parliament.

VI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Governor of That'it (hall and may be lawful for the governor and company the bank of of the bank of England to advance or lend to his Majefty, at the ^land/?ay receipt of the exchequer, upon the credit of the exchequer bills e f C directed to be made forth by virtue of this a<5t, any fum or fums 1,400,0001. at of money, not exceeding in the whole the fum of one million the receipt of four hundred thoufand pounds; any thing in an a made in cxchc<lucr* the fifth and fixth years of the reign of King William and Queen

Mary, intituled, An aft for granting to' their Majejlies feveral rates and duties upon tonage of Jhips and vejfels, and upon beer, ale> and other liquors, for fecuring certain recompences and advantages in the faid aft mentioned to fuch perfons as Jhall voluntarily advance the fum of one million five hundred thoufand pounds, towards carrying on the war againfi France, to the contrary thereof in any-wife not-withftanding.

VII.	AndJorafmuch as it is mojl immediately necejfary, as well for Manner in the relief of the faid company as for the benefit of the publick fervice,

that certain debts due from theJaid company to the publick, and cer- Ifl^he fejlf tain other debts due from the Jaid company to the governor and com- fum for de-pany of the bank of England, Jbculd be without delay difeharged; it fraying the is hereby ena<fted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and debu the may be lawful to and for the faid commiflioners of the treafury comPany* now and for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, and he and they is and are hereby authorised, directed, and required, to iflue and ap-‘ ply, or caufe to he iflued, paid, and applied, at the receipt of the exchequer, the faid fum of one million four hundred thousand pounds, (directed by this a<ft to he railed by making forth exchequer bills), fo far as the fame will extend towards Satisfying, paying, and discharging, fuch debts of the faid company,

12	n 1 in

Digitized by VjOOQLC

*4*	Anno	dcdmo	tcrtio	GeoRGII III. c. 64.	[ 177ji

in manner following; (that is to lay). That, out of the faid fum of one million four hundred thoufand pounds, there (hall, in the firft place, he iflued and paid to the receiver*general of his Majefty’s cuftoms all fuch fum or fums of money as are now due and payable to his Majefty for any cuftom-dutics, fubfidies, or impofitions whatfoever, and (hall be remaining unpaid by the (aid united company; and, in the next place, there (hall beiflu-cd and paid out of the faid fum of one million four hundred thoufand pounds, the fum of one hundred and feventeen thousand three hundred and fourteen pounds, one (hilling, and threepence, and feven-twentieth parts of a penny, to fuch perfon or perfons as the faid commiftioners of the treafury now or for the time being, or any three or more of ihem, or the high treafurcr for the time being, (hall, by his or their warrant or warrants* authorife and direct to receive the fame; which fum of one hundred and feventeen thoufand three hundred and fourteen pounds, one (hilling, and three-pence, and feven-twentieth parts of a penny, by an a& of the laft feflion of parliament, was dire&ed to be paid by the faid united company into the receipt of the exchequer on or before the fifth day ot July* one thoufand feven .hundred and feventy-two, to complete the whole of the monies due to the publick tor making good to the publick the deficiency of the duties on tea for four years ended the fifth day of July 9 one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-one; and alfo there (hall be ifiued and paid unto the fame perfon or perfons the further fum of eighty-four thoufand eight hundred and forty-two pounds eight millings and feven-pence and two-fifth parts of a penny, to fatisfy and make good to the publick the deficiency of the duties on tea on the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-two, according to an account made up and delivered to the chairman of the faid united company, pur-fuant to the directions of the faid laft-mentioned act ; which faid fums of one hundred and feventeen thoufand three hundred and fourteen pounds one (hilling and three-pence, and feven-twen-tieth parts of a penny, and eighty-four thoufand eight hundred and forty-two pounds eight (hillings and feven pence, and two-fifth parts of a penny, making together two hundred and two thoufand one hundred and fifiy-fix pounds nine (hillings and ten-pence three farthings, are intended to be and (hall immediately be paid back into the faid receipt of the exchequer, and (hall be applied to the fame ufes and purpofes, to which the duties on lea paid in there are applicable; which warrant or warrants the faid commiftioners of the treafury, now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurcr for the time being, is and arc hereby authorised and required to make out accordingly.

Mannar in VIII. And whereas there is due and payable from the faid united which the company to the publick the further fum of two hundred thoufand m grant* P^nds^ and one hundred and ftxty-nine thoufand three hundred and ed*(hail be	ninety-eight pounds eighteen /hiLings and two-pence^ making together

applied. the fum of three hundred and fsxty nine thoufand three hundred and

ninety*

Digitized by Google

1773-1 Anno dcckno tertio Georgii HI. c. 64•	149

ninety-eight pounds eighteen /hillings and two-pence, purfuant to an agt made in the ninth year of the reign of his prefent Mojfy^ Yox carrying into execution certain propoials made by the £ajt India company, and the faid company being alfo greatly indebted to the governor and company of the bank {/'England for monies borrowed for the fervice of the faid united company; be it therefore cna&ed by the authority aforefaid, That fo much of the faid fum of one million four hundred thoufand pounds, as (hall remain after the full fa-tisfa&ion and payment of the monies due and payable to his Majefty, for the duties of cuftoms, fubfidies, and impofitions, aforefaid, and of the feveral fums of one hundred and feventeen thoufand three hundred and fourteen pounds one (hilling and three-pence, and feven-twentieth parts of a penny, and eighty-four thoufand eight hundred and forty-two pounds eight (hillings and fcven-pence, and two-fifth parts of a penny, alfo due from the faid company, to make good the deficiency of the duties on tea, as aforefaid, (hall be applied in manner following: that is to fay, there (hall be iffued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England the fum of fix hundred thoufand pounds, in part of the monies due and owing from the fiiid united company to the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and all the reft, refidue, and remainder of the faid fum of one million four hundred thoufand pounds, after fatif-fying and paying all and every the fums herein-before directed to be paid thereout, (hall remain in the receipt of the exchequer, for fupplying the before-mentioned fums of two hundred thoufand pounds, and one hundred and fixty-nine thoufand three hundred and ninety-eight pounds eighteen (hillings and twopence, making together the fum of three hundred and fixty-nine thoufand three hundred and ninety-eight pounds eighteen (hillings and two-pence, due and payable from the (aid united company to the publick, purfuant to the faid a& of the ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, and (hall be ifiued, paid, and applied, for and towards fuch of the publick fervices as the faid fums of two hundred thoufand pounds, and one hundred and fixty-nine thoufand three hundred and ninety-eight pounds, eighteen (hillings and two-pence, are or may be applicable to, in the fame manner as if fuch monies had been actually paid into the faid receipt of the exchequer by the faid united company, at the times, and in the manner, prefcribed and dire&ed by the faid a6\ of the ninth year of the reign of his prefent Ma-jefty ; which fcveral fums, fo payable at the exchequer purfuant to this afi, (hall be paid, clear of all fees, charges, or gratuities whatfoever.

IX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. How dificul-That the faid united company of merchants of England trading ties are mb# to the Eajl Indies, and their fucceflors, (hall, upon the payment of the feveral fums herein-before directed to be made to the re- the company ceiver-general of his Majefty’s cuftoms, and into the receipt of ot their (aid his Majefty’s exchequer, be fully exonerated, acquitted, and dif- debit, charged againft his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, for and in

l 3	refpeft

150	Aono decimo tcrtio Georgii HI. c.64.	[1773.

refped of all and every the fums herein directed to be paid, and that (hall be paid purfuant thereto, and from all writs, actions, fuits, and proceedings, for or on account of fuch debts, or fo much of the fame as (hall be fatisfied by fuch payments; and afo of the fum or fums hereby intended to be paid at the receipt of the exchequer to the bank of England, in refped of the whole or fuch part of the faid united company’s debts as (hall be fo difeharged; and that no difpute or difficulty may arife, for or on account of the monies that (hall or may be paid to the bank of England, at the receipt of the exchequer, in purluance of this ad, a certificate (hall be made forth, ascertaining the amount of the fum or fums fo paid, and the day of payment of the fame, which (hall be figned Jay the auditor of the faid receipt of the exchequer, the clerk of the pells, arfd the teller or tellers who paid the fame; and in the abfence of thofe officers, or either of them, by the deputy or deputies of fuch abfent officer or officers attending at the faid receipt at the time of payment of fuch monies; and fuch certificate (hall be made forth and figned without fee or charge, and (hall be good and fufficient evidence in law again A the faid governor and company of-the bank of England, for and in refped of fuch fum or fums fo paid in farisfao-tion or diminution of the debt or debts due to the bank of England from the faid united company.

Aft 7 Geo. X. And whereas by an ad, paffed in the feventh year of his prefent ftiajejly's reign, intituled, An ad for taking off the inland duty of one (hilling per pound weight on all black and (inglo teas con-fumed in Great Britain; and for granting a drawback upon the exportation of teas to Ireland, and the Briti/b dominions in America, for a limited time, upon fuch indemnification to be made jn refped thereof by the Ea/l India Company, as is therein mentioned^ for permitting the exportation of teas in fmaller quantities than one lot to Ireland, or the faid dominions in America ; and for preventing teas feized and condemned from being con-fumed in Great Britain-, it is cnaded. That in cafe the faid united gompany, or their fucccffors, (hould make failure in any of the payments direded by the faid ad to be made into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, in the manner, or on or before the re-fpedive times therein limited for that purpofe; that then, as often as the cafe (hould happen, the money, whereof fuch failure in payment (hould be made, (hould be recovered to his Majefty’s ufe, in the manner therein mentioned; and that there (hould be further recovered to his Majefty’s ufe, againft the ftid united company, damages after the rate of twelve pounds per centum per annum, for the refpedive monies fo unpaid, contrary to the faid ad, with full cofts of fuit; and the faid united company, and their fuceeflors, and all their flock, funds, and aH other their eftate and property whatfoever and wherefoever, arc thereby made fubjed and liable to the payment of fuch monies* damages, and cofts.

Aft 9 Geo. 3. XI. And whereas by another ad of parliament pajftd in the ninth year of the'reign of bis prefent Majejly, intituled, An ad for carrying

1773-1 Anno declmo tertio Georgii III. c. 64.	151

ing into execution certain propofals made by thtEaft India Cm~ pany for the payment of the annual fum of four hundred thou-land pounds for a limited time, in refpeft of the territorial acquisitions and revenues lately obtained in the Eaji Indies, it is enadted. That the united company of merchants oi England trading to the EaJl Indies, and their fucceflors, Should advance and pay into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, for his Majesty's ufe, the fum of four hundred thoufand pounds per annum, for and during the term of five years, to be computed from the firSt day of February, one thoufand feven hundred and Sixty-nine, by halt-yearly payments of two hundred thoufand pounds each, which payments are dire&ed to be paid at the times therein mentioned : and in cafe the faid united company Should make failure in any of the faid payments thereby dire&ed to be made into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, on or before the refpec-tive times therein limited ; that then, and as often as the cafe Should happen, the money, whereof fuch failure in payment Should be made, Should and might be recovered to his Majesty’s ufe, in the manner therein mentioned; and that there Should be further recovered to his Majefty’s ufe, againft the faid united company, damages after the rate of fifteen pounds per centum per annum, for the monies fo unpaid, contrary to the faid a£t, together with full cofts of Suit; and the faid united company, and their fucceflors, and all their flock, funds, and all other their eftates and property whatfoc\^x, are thereby made liable to the payment of all fuch monies, damages, and cofts.	4

XII. And whereas the feveral deficiencies of the duties upon tea, After pay. and alfo of the faid annual fum of four hundred thoufand pounds, JSSilfmenrtos, whereof any failure of payment hath been made by the faid united cd^the c” m company, will be paid and made good to the publick, under the pro- pany (hall be vijtons of this prefent aft \ and it is expedient, in the prefent fitua- indemnified tion of the faid united company's affairs, that they JhoutA be indemni-fed againjl all damages which may have been incurred, or which may 1 c al be recoverable againjl them, under either of the faid laff recited afts, by means of their failure in making fuch payments at the times therein refpeftively preferibed and direfted; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the payment into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer of the feveral fums of money herein-before directed to be paid, in difeharge of the feveral principal fums due from the faid united company, under the faid recited a<fts, or either of them, the faid united company, and their fucceflors. Shall be, and they are hereby declared to be, from thenceforth fully and abfolutely freed, exonerated, anddif-charged, of and from all damages and cofts which they the faid united company may have incurred, or which may be recoverable againft them, bv means or on account of any failure in payment of any of the laid principal fums refpe&ively, by the faid recited a<5ts, or either of them, dire&ed to be paid, as therein mentioned.

Xiir. And whereas, in the prefent circumjlances of the Eaft In- Applicationof dia Company, it will not be in their power to provide for the repay-

l 4	N	went

i52	Anno dccimo tcrtio Geoegji III. c. 64*	[1773*

pany, till thtirm/ff/ offuch loan as aforefaid, for tflabltfhing their affairs upon a debt here-	more Jecurefoundation for the time to come, !/«/*/} /A/ publick Jhould

ucc #	tffrrr to forego, for the prefent, all participation in the profits arijing

'	from the territorial acquifitions and[ revenues lately obtained in the

£aft Indies, fir that provifton be made by parliament for applying as well the whole of the profits ariftng from the faii territorial acquifitions and revenues, as all the revenue and profits of the company, after providing for certain neceffary payments and deductions to be made thereout, to the repayment of the faid fum of one million four bundl ed thoufand pounds, and to the reduction of the company9s bond debt; be it therefor^ enabled by the authority aforelatd, That until the faid fum of one million four hundred thoufand pounds (hall have been repaid, and the bond debt of the (aid company be reduced to the fum of one million five hundred thoufand pounds, the whole clear profits arifing from the faid territorial acquifitions and revenues, after defraying the charges and ex-peaces* attending the fame, together with all the clear revenue and profits of the faid company, after providing for the current payments of intcreft, and other outgoings, charges, and expences of the faid company, (hail, from time to time, be difpofed of and applied in manner following; that is to fay, until the whole of the money fo advanced and applied, as aforefaid (hall have been repaid, it (hall and may be lawful, out of the faid clear revenues and profits, to fet apart and apply, in the firft place, fuch fum as may be fufficient for anfwering a dividend to the proprietors of the dock of the faid company, not exceeding the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum, upon the capital dock of the faid company, and all the furplus of the faid clear reve-r nues and profits (hall be applied in diminution of the faid fum of one million four hundred thoufand pounds, or fuch part thereof as (hall he remaining unpaid, and for defraying the charges incurred in* refped thereof; and after the repayment of the whole of *the money fo advanced and applied as aforefaid, and until the bond debt of the faid company ihall be reduced to the fum of one million five hundred thoufand pounds, it (hall and may be lawful, in like manner, to fet apart and apply, in thq firft place, out of the faid clear revenues and profits, fuch fum as may be fufficient for anfwering a dividend not exceeding the rate of feven pounds per centum per annum, upon the capital ftock of the faid company; after which, all the furplus of the faid clear revenues and profits Ihall be applied in reducing the bopd debt of the faid company.

Surplus of XIV, And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, their clear re-That until the faid fum of one million four hundred thoufand venue to be pounds, fo advanced as aforefaid, (hall have been repaid, the mimuio'n of" un*tec* company (hall, from time to time, pay, or caufe tq their debt. be paid, into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, by half-yearly payments, fuch furplus of the clear revenue and profits of the company, as is herein-before direded to be applied iq d minution of the faid fum of one million four hundred thoufand pounds, or fuch part thereof as (hall be remaining unpaid, an4

for

Die • :ed by

Google

1773*] Apn° dccimo terdo Georgii III. c. 64.	15	j

for defraying the charges incurred in refped thereof, to be applied, in the firft place, for anfwering and paying all fuch inte-reft, premium, rate, and charges, as (hall have grown due in refped of the exchequer bills made out, iffued, and circulated, as aforefaid; and in the next place, as far as the fame will extend, for paying off, cancelling, and difeharging, fuch of the faid exchequer bills as (hall then remain uncancelled.

XV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, $tatcmcntfof That, during the continuance of this ad, the faid united com- the company's pany do, and they are hereby direded and required, to caufe debutobe

to be made up, half-yearly, with as much accuracy as the na-^a^euP<w7 ture of the cafe will admit, a ftatement or account of the profit ba year* and lofs upon the whole of the trade and revenues of the faid company, together wi^h a ftate of the debts of the faid company in England, exclufive of their bond debt, to the firft day of March and the firft day of September, in every year, the firft of fuch ftatements or accounts to be made up from the firft day of Sep-tember, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-three, to the firft day of Marchy one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four; and to tranfmit fuch ftatement or account, fairly written, and figned by two or more of the directors of the faid united company, within twenty-one days after the day to which fuch ftatement or account (hall be made up rcfpedively, to the commifiianers of his Majefty’s treafury, or the high treafurer for the time being.

XVI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. Company (hall That from and after the paffing of this ad, and until the faid not bind fum of one million four hundred thoufand pounds (hall be re- th-c?£!ye# f paid, it (hall not be lawful for the faid united company, or their exchange,0 fucceffors, or any of their officers or fervants on iheir account, without the to accept, or otherwife bind the faid company, or their fuccef- confentoftgs fors, for the payment of any bill or bills of exchange drawn by

any of their officers or fervants at any of their prefidencies in the Eaji Indies, for any fum exceeding the fum of three hundred thoufand pounds, exclufive of certificates to the amount of five thoufand pounds to the commanders and officers of each of the company’s (hips, in the fpace of any one year, without the con-fent or order firft had and obtained of the commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury now and for the time being, or any three or more of them, or of the high treafurer for the time being, who are hereby rcfpedively authorised to give fuch confent, or to make fuch order thereon, as they (hall judge expedient $ and every acceptance or engagement made, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this ad, (hail be null and void to all intents and 4>urpofes.

XVII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Amount of That, during the term of two y?ars, to be computed from the (hall be twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and exported feventy-three, the faid united company, or their fucceffors, (hall, yearly by tbe and are hereby required, to export frotn Great Britain, in each company, and every year, during fuch term to the Britijb fptdements,

within the limits preferibed by the faid company’s ^charter for {heir carrying on an exclufive trade in the Eaji Indies, or elfe-

where.

Digitized by VjOOQiC

Security to be given to the treafury for the dueexportation thereof.

*

Anno decimo tertio Gborgii III. c.64.	[ 1773.

where, upon the account of the faid company, or their fuccef-fors, in their courfe of trade, exclufive of what may be exported by their fervants or private traders, licenfed by the faid company, or their fucceffors, fuch goods and merchandifes of the growth, produce, or manufacture, of Great Britain, as (hall a-mount in value to the fum of three hundred and eighty thou-fand eight hundred and thirty feven pounds, in each and every fuch year; but the amount of the value of the military and naval ftores fo exported (hall not be efteemed or reckoned as part of the faid fum of three hundred eighty thoufand eight hundred and thirty-feven pounds per annum ; and the faid company, or their fucceffors, lhall, on or before the firft day of Juney one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four, and on or before the firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-five, give fecurity, by bond, to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, under the common feal of the faid company, or of their fucceffors, in the penal fum of double the faid fum of three hundred eighty thoufand eight hundred and thirty-feven pounds, for the due exportation of the faid goods and merchandifes annually, to the amount of the faid fum of three hundred eighty thoufand eight hundred and thirty-feven pounds, according to the real value of fuch goods and merchandifes in this kingdom at the time of fuch exportation, or of the purchafe thereof, by or on the behalf of the faid company, or their fucceffors; which fecurity the high trea-furer or the commifiioners of his Majefty’s treafury for the time being, or any three or more of fuch commiflioners, is or are hereby authorifed to take; and the faid company, or their fucceffors, fhalf, on or before the thirty-firft day of October > one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four, and on or before the thirty-firft day of Ottober, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-five, deliver to the faid high treafurer, or commiflioners, an account, in writing, figned by two or more of the directors of the faid company for the time being, fpecifying the particular goods and merchandifes which (hall have been fo exported in every fuch year in purfuance of and according to the true intent and meaning of this act, with the faid true and real values of fuch goods and merchandifes, with the names of the (hips in which the fame were refpectively fo exported; and which account (hall be verified, on oath, made before any one juftice of the peace, (which oath fuch juftice is hereby authorrfed and required to adminifter), by the proper officers or fervants of the faid company, or their fucceffors, who (hall keep their books for the entry of goods outwards, to the beft of their knowledge; and if it (hall appear, to the fatisfaction of the faid high treafurer, or commiflioners, that goods and merchandifes mall have been, agreeably to the directions of this act, exported as aforefaid in the refpective year, in relation whereto each bond (hall have been fo given, then, in each and every fuch cafe, the faid high treafurer, or commiflioners, (hall caufe fuch bond to be delivered up ; but in cafe no fuch account (hall be delivered as herein before mentioned, or if it (hall appear that the faid goods and merchandifes exported within the

term

Digitized by

Google

*55

1773-3 Anno dcclmo tertio Georgia !II, c.65. term mentioned in any fuch bond (hall not have amounted to fuch value as aforefaid, or that any fuch account (hail appear not to be truly made, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid high treaforer, or comtniflioners, to caufe each and eyery fuch bond to be profecuted according to law, unieCs he or they (hall find fufficient caufe to forbear the fame.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed by the authority Excefs in one, aforefaid, That in cafe the faid company or their fucceflbrs, (hall, to be allowed in any one of the faid two years export, or caufe to be exported, jn the fucceed-fuch goods and merchandifes of the growth, produce, or ma- lng ycar* nuradture of Great Britain, exceeding in value the fum of three hundred eighty thoufand eight hundred and thirty-feven pounds; then, and in fuch cafe, the faid excefs (hall, from time to time, be taken into the account of the exports of fuch goods and merchandifes by the faid company, or their fucceflbrs, in and for the next fucceedirtg year, and (hall be allowed and confidcred as part thereof.

CAP. LXV.

An aft for explaining two afts, made in the eleventh year of the reign King George the Firfi, and the thirtieth year of the reign of his late Majejly, in relation to the Stamp-duties upon News-papers.

WH E R E A S by an aft of parliament made in the eleventh year Preamble.

of the reign of his Majejly King George the Firjl, after re-citing, amongji other things, that the authors or printers of feveral	^ *0,1

journals, mercuries, and other news-papers, did, with an intent to Geo. *. ie-defeot the payments of the duties therein mentioned, and in defraud of cited. the crown, fo contrive as to print their faid journals and news-papers on one Jbeet and a half Jheet of paper each, and by that means they did neither pay the duties of one penny for each Jbeet, nor a halfpenny for the half Jbeet, as by law they ought to have done, but entered them as pamphlets, and paid only three /hillings for each impre/fion thereof, whereby his Majejly had been much injured in his revenue, and the printers of other news-papers, who did regularly pay the faid duties, were great fujferers; it was enafted and declared, That fuch journals mercuries, and news papers, fo printed on one Jheet and half Jheet of paper, Jhould not, for the future, be deemed or taken as pamphlets to be entered, and to pay only three Jhillings for each imprejfm thereof: end it was alfo further enafted. That from and after the twenty fifth day of April, one thoufand jeven hundred and twenty-five, the fol-lowing duties fhould be paid to his Majejly, his heirs and fuccejfors, upon every journal, mercury, or other publick news-papers, -which fhould be printed andpublijbed in Great Britain; that is to fay, for every Jheet of paper on which any journal, mercury, or other newspapers whatfoever, Jhould be printed, a duty of one penny fterling; end for every half fheet thereof the fum of one halfpenny fierling; as by the faid recited aft, relation being thereunto had, may snore fully and at large appear: and whereas by another aft of parliament, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late Majejly King George the Second^ an additional duty of one halfpenny was impofed upon every

news-

156	Anno	decimo	tertio	GeoRGII	III. 066,67. [1773.

news-paper,	paper containing publict news, intelligence, or

/ rr*rr*j, printed in Great Britain, difperfed and made puHkk, whether the fame be contained in half a fleet, or any lefs piece of paper,	in any paper larger than half a fleet,	and not exceeding one

whole fleet, itvr <7«</	all other rates and duties: and whereat

doubts have arifen whether journals, mercuries, chronicles, or */A*r news-papers, printed on more than on one fleet and a half of paper, might not be entered as pamphlets, and ^27 only three flillings for each imprejfton thereof, infitad of the duty chargeable on every fleet of each copy thereof; and certain printers and publiflers of journals, mercuries, chronicles, and other news-papers, have imreafed the number of fleets on which the fame have keen printed, with an intent to evade the payment of the faid duties, and in fraud of bis Ma-jejly's revenue: for remedy whereof, be it enaded and declared by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the lame, That the faid herein-before recited ads of parliament, and Duties of the the duties thereby granted on journals, mercuries, and other before-recited publick news-papers, were meant and intended, and do accord-cd by^his'ad *nSty extend to, and charge with, the faid duties refpedively, y ‘ every (heet, and every half Iheet of paper, on which any journal, mercury, chronicle, or other publick news-paper, or paper containing publick news, intelligence, or occurrences, were or (hall be printed, whether fucb journals, mercuries, chronicles, or other publick news-papers, or papers containing publick news, intelligence, or occurrences, were or (hall be contained in a greater or lefs number of (beets or half (heets of paper; any thing in the faid recited ads, or any other ad of parliament, to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithftanding.

CAP. LXVI.

An ad for railing a certain iqm of money by loans, or exchequer bills, for the lervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and levtnfy-three.

CAP. LXVII.

An aft for laying an additional duty on paper printed, painted, or Jlained, in foreign parts, imported into this kingdom.

Preamble. X T 7H EREAS by an aft of parliament, made in the third year Aft’ Ed » * l^e rthn of King Edward the Fourth, (intituled, Certain 3 w. 4. mcrchandifes -not lawful to be brought ready-wrought into this realm), amongjl feverqI other art'ules therein mentioned, any painted wares are prohibited to be brought into this realm, to be uttered and fofd within the fame; and by another afl made in the fir ft year of the Ad 1 Ric. 3. reign of King Richard the Third, (intituled, Certain merchandises prohibited to be brought ready- wrought into this realm); it is, amongjl other things, ordained and provided, That no merchant fir anger flail bring into this realm to be fold any manner of painted papers • and whereas notwithftanding the fetid recited a his, great quantities of paper painted in foreign parts have been dandejlintly brought and im-

3	prttd

Digitized by

Google

*57

!773’1 Anno dedmo tertio Georgii III. G. 5/.

ported into this kingdom, and privately runonjbore and fold here ; there is great reafon to believe that feveral parcels of fuch painted paperwhich) upon importation, have been entered for private ufe,

da/i/r impofed by law upon painted paper fo imported, have nevertbelefs afterwards been fold and difpofed of in this kingdom, to the great prejudice of the paper Jlainers and artificers in that branch of bufmefs here: and whereas all paper, printed, painted, or ftained, tn Great Britain, is liable to an additional duty of one penny halfpenny for every yard fquare, which duty is not chargeable upon the importation of paper, printed, painted, or JlaineA, in foreign parti-, and it may tend to difcourage the clandejline and illegal importation and fale of foreign painted paper, and to encourage the manufacture of painted paper in this kingdom, if the importation of fuch paper to be fold here was permitted, fubjeCl to the like additional duty as is charged upon fucb paper, printed, painted, or ftained, in this kingdom-, be it therefore enacted by the King’s, moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice andconfent of the lords fpiritual and temporaI,and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the firft day of Augufi, After Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-three, it (hall and may *773> no P®-be lawful for any perfon or perions whatsoever, to import *nt0 o^fta^ned to this kingdom, by way of merchandife, and to utter and fell the be imported ferae here, any fort of paper, printed, painted, or ftained, in or fold, foreign parts; any thing in the before-recited afts, or any other aft or afts to the contrary notwithftanding.

II.	And it is hereby further enafted by the authority afore- Duty of one faid. That from and after the faid firft day of Augufi, one thou- penny half fand feven hundred and feventy-three, all paper, printed, paint- Jj°’ Jjf ed, or ftained, in foreign patts, and imported into this kingdom, y™rP^ on £\\ over and above the cuftoms, fubfidies, and duties, already im- paper import* pofed thereupon, (hall be charged with and liable to pay a fur- ed.

ther duty of one penny halfpenny for every yard fquare thereof, and in that proportion for any greater or lefs quantity of fuch paper * which faid additional duty (hall be railed, levied, and recovered, and paid by the fame rules and regulations, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, as the former duties payable upon the importation of fuch paper are by any law now in force, railed, levied, recovered, and paid; and the fame (hall be applied and appropriated to the fame ufes and purpofes, and in the fame proportions, as the new duties impofed upon painted paper imported into this kingdom, by two afts of parliament, made In the tenth and twelfth years of the reign of Queen Anne, are applied and appropriated.

III.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted by the Nottoextcnd authority aforefaid, That nothing in this aft contained fhnil ex- to affcft the tend, or be conftrued to extend, to charge any paper with the ,ndia additional duty by this aft granted, which thall be printed, paint- ComPany* *ed, or ftained, in the £qfi Indies, and imported from thence by

the united company of merchants of England trading thither, or perfon$ licenfed by them j any thing herein-before contained to &e contrary notwithftanding.

CAP.

1-58

Preamble*

After July i, 1773, ihe wa* gesof journey-iuen v%ea era within London to be fettled by the lord mayor, &c.

and in Mid-die ex and Weftmintter, See. by the juftices of the peace.

Orders to be publifhed in two news-papers three times, at the expence of perfons applying for the lame.

Matter weavers giving more or left wages than Dull be fettled, as afore'aid, on conviction, to forfeit 501.

Penalty how

to be applied.

Anno decimo tertio GeORGH III. C.68.	[1773.

CAP. LXVIII.

An all to impower the magijlrates therein mentioned to fettle and regulate the wages of perfons employed in the /ilk ma~ nufallure within their refpeHive jurifdiHions.

WHEREAS it would be for the benefit of perfons employed in the filk manufaliure, if the magijlrates were impowered to fettle, between the mafter weavers and tbtir journeymen, the price of labour in the feveral branches of the faid manufaliure; be it therefore enaHed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the drift day of July* one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-three, the wages and prices for work of the journeymen weavers within the city of London (hall be fettled, regulated, and declared, by the lord mayor, recorder, and aldermen, of the faid city 5 and in all places in the county of Middlefe*, by the juftices of the peace for the faid county; and in all places within the city and liberty of Wefiminfter, at the general quarter feflions of the peace holden m and for the faid city and liberty; and in all places within the liberty of xhnTower of London, at the general quarter feflions of the peace holden in and for the faid liberty, at their general quarter feflions of the peace refpeHively ; and the lord mayor, recorder, and aldermen, of the city ot London, and the faid juftices of the peace, are hereby refpeHively authorised and impowered, from time to time, upon application being made to them for that purpofc, to fettle, regulate, order, and declare, the wages and prices of work of the journeymen weavers working within their refpeHive jurifdiHions as aferefaid ; and (hall and may, within the fpace of fourteen days next after the making every fuch order, caufe the fame to be printed and publilh-ed, at the reafonable expence of the perfon or perfons applying for the fame, three times, in any two daily news-papers published in London or Wefiminfier; which publication (hall be deemed and allowed to be fufficicnt notice and publication thereof; and from and after publication thereof, all weavers, and their journeymen, are hereby ftriHly required to obferve the fame.

II. And be it fuithcr enaHed, That if after the faid firft day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-three, any mafter weaver, within either of the aforefaid diftriHs, (hall give more or lefs wages, or pay larger or lefs prices, to any of the journeymen weavers aforefaid, for their work, than fhall be fettled or allowed as aforefaid, and (hall be conviHed of the faid offences before any two of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace, within either of the diftriHs or jurisdictions aforefaid where the faid offence (hall be committed, on the oath or oaths of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, he (hall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds ; to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods; and the faid penalty, when recovered, (hall be paid into the hands of the mafter of the weavers’ company, firft dedtitf-

~ , ing

Digitized by VjOOQIC

'59'

*773-1 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c.68.

ing the expence of fuch profecution, to be diftributed by him, in conjunction with the wardens of the faid company, to any diftrefied journeymen weavers, or their families, who (hall have been laft employed in eitHer of the aforefaid juritdiCtions, at their diferetion.

III.	And be it farther enaCted, That if any journeyman journeymeil weaver or weavers within the diftri&s aforefaid, (ball afk, re- weavers tak-ccive, or take more or lefs wages, or larger 'or lefs prices for ing more or their work than (hall be fettled by the refpedfive quarter-feffions,wages

as aforefaid ; or (hall enter into any combination to raife the fettle^or^Mi-wages or prices of the faid work, or for this purpofe (hall decoy, tering’into folicit, or intimidate, any journeyman or journeymen weavers combinations, within the diftriCts aforefaid, lb that he or they quit their diall formatters, for whom they (hall then be employed; or (had af-fcit4°f* fctnble themfdves in any numbers exceeding the number of ten, in order to frame or deliver petitions or other reprefentations, touching their wages or prices of work, except to the faid ju-ftices of the peace, or to the lord mayor, recorder, and aider-men, of the city of London^ at their refpeCtive quarter-feffions, and (hall be convicted of any of the faid offences, on the oath or oaths of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, before any two or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace, within either of the diftri&s or jurisdictions aforefaid where the offence (hall be committed, (hall forfeit a fum not exceeding forty (hillings: and if the faid forfeiture be not immediately paid, it (hall and Penalties not may be lawful for the faid juftices to commit the faid offender lrr^c’ to the houfe of correction, to hard labour, for any time not ex- offenders^to* 4 ceeding three months; the faid forfeiture, when recovered, to be committed, be applied in the fame manner as the forfeiture of fifty pounds aforementioned.

IV.	And be it further enaCted, That it (hall and may be law- juftices. on ful for any two juftices of the peace, within the limits and jurif- fufpicion of diCtions aforefaid, on information upon oath made before them °^cncc8 corn-by any perfon or perfons whatfoever, that there is reafon to fuf-

pe<ft that any mafter or journeyman weaver, within the diftriCts ^ neccfhry " or jurifdiCtions aforefaid, hath been guilty of any of the offences for evidence, aforefaid, at requeft of fuch informant, to iffue their fummons, in writing, figned by any fuch two juftices, requiring any clerk, foreman, apprentice. Servant, or other perfon or perfons employed or retained by fuch perfon fo fufpeCted to have offended, or any other perfon or perfons whatfoever, whofe attendance (hall appear neceffary for the purpofe of giving evidence in the premifes, to attend and teftify concerning the premifes: and if any perfon fo fummoned (hall not attend, and proof (hall be made of the fer- Perfons refa-vice of fuch fummons, either perfonally, or by leaving the fame f»ngto attend, at the laft or ufual place of abode of fuch perfon, it (hall be law-ful for fuch two juftices, or any other two juftices of the peace ^an^ot* aCting for fuch county or place, and they are hereby required (unlefs a reafonable excufe be made for fuch nonattendance to the Satisfaction of fuch juftices) to iffue their warrant, under

their

Digitized by

Google

160	Artno dcdrtio tcrtlo GeoRgii III. c.tfS. £1773,

tVieir hands and Teals, for the apprehending and bringing him or her before them, or feme other two or more juftices of the peace aCting for fuch county or* place, to be examined touching or attending the premifes j and if any fuch perfon fo attending, or being and refuting brought before fuch juftices, (hall refufe to be examined or give ed, ma^be^* l^c*r tc^'mony touching the premifes, fuch perfon (hall by the committed*' laid juftices be committed to the houfe of correction for one month, there to remain, unlefs he or fhe fhall fooner fubnart to be examined and give teftimony, as the law requires.

Mafter wea- V. And ^ lt furt^cr «na<fted. That if any mafter weavef re-» ven within fiding within the limits aforefaid, (hall, dircCfcly or indirectly, in the limits em-any manner whatsoever, retain or employ any journeyman ploying jour- weaver out of or beyond the limits aforefaid, with intent or de-

nona the^i- t0 e*U(*c or cvade a&» or g*vc> allow, or pay, or rnits, with de caufe to be given, allowed, or paid, to fuch journeyman, any fign to elude more or lefs wages than fhall be fettled, as aforefaid, every fuch this aft, &c, perfon (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit fifty pounds; to be to foruit 501. £UC(j for jjy action of debt, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at JVefiminflery wherein no effoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, fhall be allowed, and wherein the ordinary cofts of the fuit (hall be paid; one moiety of Forfeiture* which faid forfeiture, when recovered, (hall belong and be paid how to be ap- to his Majefty and his fucceffors, and the other moiety to the applied. perfon who fhall fue for the fame.

Not to fix the VI. Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That nothing wage* of fore- *n this aCt contained (hall extend, or be conftrueid to extend, to men.	fix, controul, or regulate, the wages or allowances to be paid

to fervants in the faid biffin efs of a weaver, bom fidi retained and employed as foremen.

-No (ilk wea- VII. And be it further enaCled by the authority aforefaid, vtrs refiding That from and after the paffing of this aCt, no perfon or per-diftHfts^forc- ^ons* ^,nS filk weavers, refiding within the diftriCts aforefaid, faid to have fhall l'ave *n h*s or the*r Tervice at any one time more than two more than apprentices, upon pain of forfeiting for every offence the fum of twoapprentx- twenty pounds; to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s time1 under &°°^s an<* c^attcls» uPon conviction, on the oath or oaths of penaity of 20I.one or morc credible witnefs or witneffes, before two juftices of * the peace within either of the jurisdictions aforefaid where the faid offence (hall be committed ; and the faid penalty, when re-Penaky to be covered, (hall be paid into the hands of the mafter of the wea-applicd as a- vers’ company, to be applied by him, as aforefaid, and the faid forefaid. juftices are hereby authorised and required to difeharge every fuch apprentice or apprentices exceeding the number of two. Perfon* coti- . VIII. Provided alfo, and be it further enaCted, That it /fhall vi&ed before and may be lawful for any perfon convicted before any two ju-two jutticM ftices of the peace, as before mentioned, to appeal to the juftices th*yqwur t0 °f r^e Peace affembled 3t the next general quarter feffions, or kfliwis. * general feffions to be held for the county, city, or place, wherein fuch convidtion^fhal! be made, giving immediate notice of fuch appeal, and finding fufficicnt fecurity to the fatisfaCtton of fuch juftices for being perfonally prefect at fuch general quarter

felfions

Determination of juft ices (hall be final. Con v id ion affirmed at quarter fef-nons, appellant may be committed.

Limitation of adtion*.

1773.]	Anno dedmo tertio GeoRGII III, c.69.	161

Keflions or general feflions, and for profecuting the faid appeal with effedf, and abiding the judgement of the court; and fuch juftices, in fuch general quarter feflions or general feflions, (hall finally hear and determine the matter, and (hall have power to award reafonable cods to either party as to them (hall feem juft; and if fuch conviction (hall be affirmed at fuch general quarter feflions or general feflions, fuch appellant (hall be committed to prifon for the time fpecified in the faid convidtion, and until payment of the cofts fo to be awarded.

IX.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That no adlion (hall be brought againft any juftice of the peace, conftable, headborough, or other officer, or a-gainft any other perfon or perfons whomfoever, for any matter or thing whatfoever done or committed, under, by virtue, or in the execution of this adt, unlefs fuch action (hall be brought within fix calendar months next after the doing or committing of fuch matter or thing.

X.	. Provided alfo. That if any adlion or fuit (hall hereafter be Commenced or profecuted againft any perfon or perfons, for any thing done under, by virtue, or in the execution of this acl, fuch perfon or perfons may plead the general iflue, and give this adt, and the fpecial matter, in evidence; and if the plaintiff (hall become nonfuited, or fuffer difcontinuancc, or forbear further profecution, or if judgement (hall be given for the defendant or defendants, fuch defendant or defendants (hall recover his, her, or their full cofts, for which he, (he, or they,

(hall have like remedy as in cafes where cofts by law are given to defendants.

XI.	And be it further enabled. That this adl (hall be taken and allowed to be a publick adl in all courts within this kingdom ; and all judges and juftices of the peace are hereby required to take notice thereof as fuch, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. LXIX.

An all for further continuing an aft, made in the fourth year of the reign of bis prefent Majefty, for importing fait from Europe into the province of Quebec in America, for a limited time.

WHEREAS the law herein-after mentioned, which hath, by Preamble.

experience, been found vfeful and beneficial, is near expiring: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may beenadled; and be it enadled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That an adl made in the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for importing fait from Europe in- Adi 4. Geo. j. to the province of Quebec in America, for a limited time, which was to continue in force from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-four^ for the term of one year, and from thence to the then next feflion of parliament,

Vot. XXX.	M	>	and

General iflue*

Full cofts. Publick ad.

Digitized by

Google

162

and aft 6 Geo. j.

Anno declmo tcrtio Georgii III. C.yol [1773J

and which, by an ad, made in the fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, was further continued, from the expiration thereof, until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand fe-ven hundred and fcventy-three, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, (hall be, and the fame is further conti- hereby further continued, from the expiration thereof, until the the expiration twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and thereof, till eighty, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion ctf June *4,1780. parliament.

CAP. LXX.

An aft to continue an aft, made in the thirtyfrft year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled. An aft for the encouragement of the exportation of culm to Lj(bon, in the kingdom of Portugal •, and for charging a higher duty upon culm exported thither in fo* reign flipping.

Preamble. 'TTTHEREAS by on aft, made in the thirty-firft year of the A& 31 Geo. a. * * reign °f ^ls ^ate maJefty hCing George the Second, (intituled, recited, An ad for the encouragement of the exportation of culm to Lijbon, in the kingdom of Portugal), it is enafted. That from and after the twenty-fifth day of Marsh, one thoufand feven hundred and fifty-eight, it (hall be lawful for any perfon or per-fons, for and during the term of fifteen years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, to export any quantity of culm to the city of Lijbon, in the kingdom of Portugal, upon payment of a duty of one (hilling for every cbalder, Newcaftle meaiure, of culm, fo exported under the regulations in the faid aft mentioned : and whereas it is expedient that the fold encouragement Jhould be further continued to any petfons exporting fuch culm, as aforejaidy in Britifh )hipping, but that the larger duty Jhould be paid for culm fo exported in foreign Jhipping\ may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King's molt excellent majefty, by and with the ad-v	vice	and	confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and com-

mons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid aft (hall be, and the lame is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety.three, and from thence to the end of the then next fef-Pf niM^^h ^°n Parliam*nt> for, an(l refpeft to all culm which (hall be »5i>793* arCfi cxPortec* under the regulations and reftriftions in the faid aft mentioned, in BritiJhA>u\\t (hipping navigated according to law.

Any perfon H. And it is hereby further enafted by the authority aforefiid, whatever, du- That it (hall and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons what-ring the con- feever, from and after the pafling this aft, and during the continuance thereof, to export any quantity of culm to the faid city of jLijbon, in any foreign (hip or veffel, upon payment of a duty of one (hilling and fixpence for every chalder, Newcaftle mcafure; which culm (hall be exported in all other refpefts under

Digitized by Google

and further continued, from the ex

tinuance of this aft, may export culm to Lifbon, on payment of

1773-1 Anno decimo tcrtio Georgji III. c. 71'.	163

dcr the like rules and regulations, and fubjeft to the fame fe- *»• 6d. per curitics, penalties, and forfeitures; and the faid duty of onechaWcr* (hilling and fixpence (hall be raifed, levied, collefted, recovered, paid, and applied, in the fame manner, and by the fame methods, as are prefcribed in and by the faid recited aft for culm exported in purfuance thereof; any thing in the faid recited aft, or any other aft, to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. LXXI.

An aft for the better preventing the counterfeiting, clippings and other diminifhing the gold coin of this kingdom.

WHEREAS the preventing the currency of clipped and im- Preamble.

lawfully diminifhed and counterfeit money is a mo^e effectual means to preferve the com of this kingdom entire and pure, than the mqfl rigorous laws for the punijhment of fuch as diminijb or counterfeit tie fame: and whereas by the known laws of this kingdom, no perfon ought to pay, or knowingly tender in payment, any counterfeit or uniatufully diminijbed money, and all perfons may not only refufe the fame, but may, and by the ancient ftatutes and ordinances of this kingdom have been required to deflroy and deface the fame, ana more particularly the tellers in the receipt of the exchequer, by their duty and oath of office, are required to receive no money but good and true, and to the end the fame might be the better difeerned and known by the ancient courfe of the faid receipt of the exchequer, all money ought to be received there by weight as well as tale: and whereas, by an aft. Aft 9 & to, pajfed in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of the late King William Gul. 3. the Third, (intituled, an aft for the better preventing the counterfeiting, clipping, and other diminifhing the coin of this kingdom,) proviftons are made for preventing the currency of clipped and counterfeit fiver money, but refpefting the gold money no provifion is thereby made; be it declared and enacted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflemblcd, and by the authority of the fame, That it is Perfons to and (hall be lawful to and for any perfon to whom any gold whom gold money (hall be tendered, any piece or pieces whereof (hall be diminifhed, otherwise than by reafonable wearing, or that by the diminifhed/ (lamp, impreflion, colour, or weight thereof, he (hall fufpeft otberwife to be counterfeit, to cut, break, or deface, fuch piece or pieces; than by rea-and if any piece fo cut, broken, or defaced, (hall appear to be diminifhed (otherwife than by reafonable wearing) or counter- pCaringto be fcit, the perfon tendering the fame, (hall bear the lofs thereof; counterfeit, but if the fame (hall be of due weight, and appear to be lawful may cut or money, the perfon that cut, broke, or defaced the fame, (hall, ^a^y;ucl1 and is hereby required, to take and receive the fame, at the ralepjfputet tobe is was coined for; and if any queftion or difpute (hall arife, finally deter-whether the piece fo cut be counterfeit or diminifhed, in man- mined by ner aforefaid, it (hail be heard and finally determined by the may ors, See. mayor, bailiff or bailiffs, or other chief officer, of any city or j" town corporate, where fuch tender (hall be made ; ana if fuch 0ftbecounty tender (haH be made out of any city or town corporate, then where fuch

M a Digitized by	OO^lC	by

164	Anno	dccimo tcrdo Georoii III. C. 72. [17

tender (hall by feme juftice of the peace of the county inhabiting or being be made) ^ ncar the pjace wherc fuch tender (hall be made $ and the faid

^aUUroathi.mayor» or ot^cr °®ccr> anc* juftice of the peace, (hall have full power and authority to adminifter an oath, as he (hall Tee convenient to any perfon for the determining any queitions relating to the faid piece.	’

Tellers of the IL And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid* exchequer are That the tellers at the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, and freehold mo- t*ie‘r deputies and clerks, (hall, and they are hereby required, ney unlawful, to cut, break or deface, or caufe to be cut, broken, or defaced* ly diminilbed. every piece of counterfeit or unlawfully diminilhed gold money that (hall be tehderdd in payment to them, to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, or for or in refpeft of any part of the revenue, aids, impoOtions, duties, or taxes, of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors: and the better to difeover gold money that is counterfeit, or unlawfully diminilhed, from that which is good and true, the faid tellers, and their refpeftive deputies and clerks, (hall weigh in whole fums or otherwife, all gold money by them received; and if the fame, or any piece thereof, (hall, by the weight, or otherwife, appear to be counterfeit, or unlawfully diminifhed, the fame (hall not be received by or from them, in the (aid receipt of the exchequer, nor be allowed them upon their refpeftive accounts.

CAP. LXXII.

An aft to permit the free importation of cod-fijb, ling, and bake, caught and cured in Chaleur Bay, or any other1 part of the gulph of Saint Lawrence, or on the coaft of Labrador.

Preamble. TTTHERE A S by an aft, made in thefecond and third years of Aft * & j yy the reign 0f ber fag majejiy Queen Anne, (intituled, an aft Ann®* for the better fecuring and regulating the duties upon fait,) cod fijh, ling, or hake, caught and cured at Newfoundland, or Iceland, are permitted to be imported, brought in, or landed, under certain reftriftions and regulations therein particularly mentioned: and whereas it may tend to the incrcafe of the trade and navigation of this kingdom, if the like permijfm were granted of importing and bringing in cod fijh, ling, or hake, caught and cured in Chaleur Bay, or any other part of the gulph of Saint Lawrence, or on the coajl of Labrador; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and After parting with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, ^	and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the

and hake,ing authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this caught in aft, it (hall and may be lawful to import, bring in, in Britijb-■Chaleur Bay. built veflels, navigated according to law, and fubjeft to the Ac. may be ru{es prefcribed in an aft of the tenth and eleventh years of the lub^cftVthe re»gn	late	majefty King William the Third, (intituled,

rules in aft 10 an aft to encourage the trade to Newfoundland,) and to land in k\i WiLj. Great Britain, all cod filh, ling, and hake* caught and cured in

Chaleur

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 72.	165

Chaleur Bay> or any other part of the gulph of Saint Lawrence^ or on the coaft of Labrador, fo as oath be firft made before the Oath being landing thereof, by (tie owner or proprietor of fuch fi(h, or the made by the matter of the veflel bringing the fame, before the officer for the	th,f

duties on fait, in the port or place where fuch fifti (hall be im* JJji brought ° ported or brought in, (who is hereby required to adminifter the jn> cameTrom fame without fee or charge,) that all the fi(h fo imported or the gulph of brought in, came from the gulph of Saint Lawrence, or the coaft ^t. Lawrence, of Labrador, and were caught and cured there ; and fo as the (aid fifh be, at the landing thereof, and before the fame be removed from the (hore, tendered to the officer of the port or place for the faid duties, to have part of the tail of every fuch cod fifh, ling, or hake, cut off, that no allowance for fuch fiih may be obtained upon exportation; and the faid officer is hereby impowered and required to cut off part of the tail of all fuch fi(h on the landing thereof: and in cafe any fuch fi(h (hall be Penalty on r«* landed or removed from the (hore before the fame (hall be t^e^rt tendered to the officer, to have part of the tail cut, as aforefaid, b^o).c tender! all the fifh fo imported and landed (hall be forfeited, and double ed to the of-the value thereof, to be recovered of the importer, proprietor, or Acer, matter of the veflel.

II.	And whereas, in the curing of cod fijb> ling, and hate, con- The matter of fiderable quantities of fait are necejfarily thrown aver them, when Jbippedy to preferve them from fpoiling, and a great part thereof falls	00111"

off in unloading the vtffel, and it bath bten too common a practice for Newfound-the owner or mafler of the vejfely and people belonging thereto, to col- land, &c. to 1

1 prefence of a

after the palling of this a<ft, the matter of every veflel laden with fait officer, cod fifh, ling, or hake, either coming from Newfoundland, the North Seas, or Iceland^ or the gulph of Saint Lawrence, or the coaft of Labrador, into any port or place in Great Britain, (hall, and is hereby required to throw, or caufe to be thrown, overboard, and deftroyed, all the fait that (hall fo fall off, or be in the veflel, at the time of the unloading or landing of all or any part of her cargo, in the prefence of an officer for the duties on (alt; and if the matter of fuch veflel (hall neglect or refufe fo to Penalty on do, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the fait officer on board, refufal or by himfelf, or with fuch afliftance as may be neceflary, to throw	10

all and every part thereof overboard, or otherwife deftroy the fame, and the matter, for fuch negledfc or refufal, (hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds, and cofts; and if any fuch fait (hall be landed or run on (hore, the fame, and every part thereof, (hall be forfeited, and treble the value thereof; and all and every per- Perfons in fun and perfons in whofe cuftody the fame lhall be found, and whoe cuttody all and every perfon and perfons who is, are, or (hall be aiding	18

or afliftingin the landing or running thereof, (hall forfeit the like forfeit %o\. ^ fum of twenty pounds, and cofts; one moiety of all which for- Forfeitures feitures (hall be to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fuccef- how to be fors, and the other moiety to fuch officer or officers who (hall applied, feize, profecutc, or inform for'the fame; to be recovered and

M3	'	levied

*	Digitized by	VjOOQlC

Preamble. Aft 6 Geo. j.

further continued till Nov. j, 1780.

except what relates to Jamaica,

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 73,’	[1773^

levied in fuch manner and form, and with fuch power of mitigation, as any fine, forfeiture, or penalty, is or may be recovered by any law or laws of excife, or by adtidn of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Weft-minfter, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland* wherein no efloin, protection, or privilege, wager of law, or more than orq imparlance, (hall be allowed.

CAP. LXXIII.

'An to continue and amend an a&3 made in the ftxtb year of the reign of bis prefent Majefty, intituled, an adt for opening and eftablifhing certain ports in the iflands of Jamaica and Dominica, for the more free importation and exportation of certain goods and merchandifes for granting certain duties to defray the expences of opening, maintaining, fecuring, and improving, fuch ports 5 for afeertaining the duties to be paid upon the importation of goods from the faid ifland of Dominica into this kingdom *, and for fecuring the duties upon goods imported from the faid ifland into any other Britijb colony ; and for allowing timber and wood to be exported from the faid ifland of Dominica into any other of the Britifh iflands, colonies, or plantations in America for a limited time.

WHEREAS an <tft% made iu the ftxtb year of the reign of bis prefent Majefty ^ (intituled, an ad for opening and efta-blifhing certain ports in the iflands of Jamaica and Dominica, for the more free importation and exportation of certain goods and merchandifes; for granting certain duties to defray the expences of opening, maintaining, fecuring, and improving, fuch ports ; for afeertaining the duties to be paid upon the importation of goods from the faid ifland of Dominica into this kingdom 1 and for fecuring the duties upon goods imported from the faia ifland into any other Britijb colony,) which was to continue iu force until the firft day of November, one tboufand feven hundred and feventy three, and from thence to the end of the then next fejjkn of parliament, hath been found ufeful and beneficial, and would become more fo if it was continued, altered, and amended; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be ena&ed ; and be it eqaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the laid aft, and every thing therein contained, (except fo much thereof as is by this a<ft altered and amended,) (hall be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the firft day of November, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, (except what relates to the laid ifland of Jamaica,) which (hall have continuance only

until

1773.] Anno decimo tertio GeoRGII III. C. 73*	167

until the firft day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and which (hail

feventy-four, and from thence to the end of the then next fef-	only

/•	/	••  	till Nov* i«

fion of parliament.	I774>#

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That from and after the firft day of November, in the prefent J77J. coco* ’ year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-three, any cocoa and coffee, of and coffee, either in or out of the hufk, being the growth and the produce produce of the faid ifland of Dominica, may be imported into £c	*

Great Britain under certificate, in like manner, and under fuch imported un-fecurities, regulations, and reftriftions, and fubjeft to fuch pe- der fuch re-palties and forfeitures, as fugar and rum, the growth and pro- gelations as duce of the faid ifland, are allowed by the faid adt to be imported	fa™

into Great Britain; and that from and after the faid firft day pf ifland, November, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-three, any coffee in the hufk, being of the growth and produce of any other of his Majefty’s colonies or plantations in America, may be imported into Great Britain in Britijb-built (hips, navigated according to law, from any of the faid colonies or plantations.

Ill: Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority An allowance aforefaid, that a deduftion or allowance of onc-fcventh part of cme feventh (hall be made from and upon every one hundred pounds weigiit	be*

of all coffee in the hufk, of the growth and produce of the faid made from all ifland of Dominica, or of any other Britijb colony or plantation coffee in the in America, which (hall be from thence imported into Great h™k import-Britain; for which quantity, fo dedufted as aforefaid, no cuftom cd,duty pr duty of excife (hall be paid by the importer or proprietor thereof.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Duties pay-That from and after the faid firft day of November, in the pre- able on the lent year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-three, the importation duty of one pound ten fhillings, payable by the faid aft of the ?£nofi^groes fixtli year of the reien of his prefent Majefty, for and upon to and from every negroe imported into the faid ifland of Dominic0, and upon Dominica and every negroe exported from the faid ifland of Jamaica, (nail Jamaica, ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and that, inftead and in lieu of the (aid duties, there (hall be raifed, levied, collected, and paid, unto his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, a duty of two (hillings and Gxpence for and upon every negroe which (hall be imported into the faid ifland of Dominica, or which (hall be brought into any port, harbour, or river, belonging to the faid ifland, with an intent to be landed, fold, or re-(hipped on board any other veffel there, in order to he carried into any other colony or place whatfoever; and alfo a duty of two (hillings and fixpence upon every negroe which (hall be exported from the faid ifland of Jamaica; which faid refl>sftive duties (hall be deemed and taken to be fterling money of Great Britain, and (hall be refpeftively received, raifed, levied, colleft-ed, paid, and recovered, and (hall be applied and difpofed of, in fuch and the fame manner, to all intents and purpofes, as the duties hereby repealed and taken off are by the faid recited aft direfted to be received, raifed, levied, collected, paid and recovered, applied, and difpofed of,

M 4

Digitized by	?le

W.Ani

168

Timber of the growth of Dominica may be exported smd imported into America, fubjedt to the penalties in ASt it Car. i.

until Nov. *776.

Preamble. A£t 6 Geo. a.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c.74. [1773.

V.	And whereas there are growing in the faid ijland ^Dominica, great quantities of timber and wood fit for building fugar mills and other purpofes : and whereas thofe articles are frequently purebafed bf the inhabitants of the other Britith ijland:, colonics, qnd plantations in America, from foreigners, at a great expence ; be it therefore further enathed by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid firft day of November, in the prefent year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-three, any timber or wood of the growth or produce of the faid ifland of Dominica, may be exported therefrom, and imported into, any other of his Majefty’s jflands, colonics, or plantations, in America, in any (hip or vef-fel, BritiJb-buiUy not having more than one deck, and navigated according to law, and landed therein, under fuch fecurities, regulations, and reftridiions, and fubjedt to the fame penalties and forfeitures, as are mentioned in an adt, made in the twelfth year of King Charles the Second, (intituled, an aft for encouraging and inireafing of Jhipping and navigation,) until the firft day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; the faid herein firft-recited adt, or any other adt, law, or ufage, tp the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. LXXIV.

An aft for the better afeertaining the tonage and burthen of fhips and veffels importing and exporting goods into and from this kingdom, or hovering upon the coafts tberof; for amending fo much of an a8, made in the lafi feffion of parliament, for lowering the duty payable upon the importation of oak bark, as relates to the filing for the penalties and forfeitures thereby infixed in the court of exchequer in Scotland \for appropriating the duty on oak bark, granted by the faid aH; and for obviating doubts which have arifen with refpeft to the allowing the drawback upon certain catticoes-, and the bounty upon Britifh-made cordage exported to the ijlands of Madeira, the Canary ijlands, and the Azores or weftern ijlands.

WHEREAS, by an aft of parliament, made in the Jfxth year of the reign of his late majejly King George the Firfit intituled, an adt fof preventing frauds and abufes in the publick revenues of excife, cuftoms, ftamp-duties, poft-office, and houfe money, and by feveral fubfequent efts of parliament, a rule is pre-feribed for admeafuring of fhips and veffels importing brandy end other fpirits, and hovering upon the coajls of this kingdom with various goods prohibited to be imported here \ but no rule being preferibed by law for the admeafuring of fhips or veffels exporting fpirits from Great Britain into foreign parts, and in various other cafes where the tonage and burthen of fhips or veffels, trading to and from this kingdom, is ncceffary to be known and afeertained 5 and it being expedient

Digitized by

1773*] Anno dccimo tertio Georgii III. c. 74..	169

dent that one certain rule for this purpofe Jhould he fettled and efea-ilijbed in all cafes, to prevent any difputes that may arjfe concerning :he tonage and burthen of fuch/hips or veffels ; be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majetty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the feme, That from and after the fitft day of Augufl, one thoufand R?1*by whid* feven hundred and feventy three, the tonage and burthen of any measured1 tor ihip or veflel importing or exporting brandy, or other fpirituous afccrtsimng liquors,-or any other goods whatsoever, into or from this king- the tonage, dom, or hovering upon the coafts thereof, and where the owner or proprietor, or other perfon, (hall be intitled to any bounty or allowance, according to the tonage of any (hip or veflel, ana in all other cafes whatloever where the tonage and burthen of any {hip or veflel (hall be neceflary to be afeertained and known by any aft or atfs of parliament made, or hereafter to be made, concerning the. revenues of cuftoms, excife, or fait duty, the rule for admeafuring fuch (hips or veflelsfhall be as follows * that is to fay, the length (hall be taken on a ftreight line along the rabbet of the keel of the fhip, from the back of the main ftern poft to a perpendicular line from the forepart of the main, flem under the bowfprit, from which fubtra&ing three-fifths of the breadth, the remainder (hall be efteemed the juft length of thfe keel to find the tonage; and the breadth (hall be taken from the outfide of the outfide plank, in the broadeft place of the (hip, be it either above or below the1 main whales, exclufive of all manner of doubling planks that may be wrought upon the fides of the (hip, then multiplying the length of the keel by the breadth fp taken, and that pfodudi by half the breadth, and dividing the whole by ninety-four, the quotient (hall be deemed the true contents of the tonage; according to which rule the tonage of all fuch (hips and veflels (hall be meafured and afeertained, any thing in the faid recited a<ft of the fixth of King George the Firft, or any other a<ft or adls of parliament to the contrary notwirhftanding.

II.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enadled by the Not to alter authority aforefaid. That nothing herein contained (hall extend, the method of or be conftrued to extend, to make any alteration in the method

of admeafuring keels, boats, and other veflels, ufed jn carrying L c *

coals, purfuant to an atf, made in the fixth and feventh years

of the reign of King JVilHam the Third, intituled, an adl for the

better admeafurement of keels and keel boats in the port of Newcaftle,

and the members thereto belonging: provided alfo, that nothing nor of veflels

herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to	her-

make any alteration in the method of admeafuring any bufs or ringliihery***

veflel ufed iti carrying on the white herring fifhery, purfuant to

the feveral aefts made for the encouragement of the Britifh white

herring fifhery.

III.	And whereas doubts have arifen upon the conferuRion of an aR> A 6k i»Geo. j. made in the laft feffion of parliament, intituled, an a<5t for encouraging the aumuu&ure of .leather, by lowering, the duty payable

upon

Digitized by

;y Google

tyo	Anno	declmo	tcrtio	GEORGII III. c. 74.'	[1773*

upon the importation of oak bark, when the price of fuch baric (hall exceed a certain rate, for a limited time, 1whether oak bark* feized and condtmned within that part of Great Britain called Scot-jand, in purfuance of the faid recited aft* and the penalties and for-feitures thereby inflifted* may be fuei for* profecuted, and recovered* in the court i/*Exchequer in Scotland 5 and by reafon of fucb doubts great frauds and abufes may be committed: now* for removing and putting an end to the fame; be it enadted by the authority afore-Penalties for kid. That all fuch oak bark which (hall be feized and con-oak bark feiz- demned within that part of Great Britain called Scotland* in pur-cd and con- fuance of the faid recited afl, and all offences againft the fame, Scotland1 may anc* Pcnalries and forfeitures whatsoever thereby inflidted, be recovered7 Shall and may be refpedtively fued for, profecuted, recovered, an4 in the court of applied, in the court of exchequer in Scotland* by fuch perfons exchequer refpedtively, and in the fame manner, as fully and amply, to all coom of re- >ntent8 and purpofes, as they might in any of his Majeffy’s cord at Weft- courts of record at Wejiminjler* in like cafes happening in that minder. part of Great Britain called England.

How the duty IV. And whereas the duty of one penny per hundred weight upon of id per hun- oak bark imported into this kingdom, which was granted by the faid dred weight	recited aft* is net appropriated by parliament * be it therefore further

imported into cna&®tf by the authority aforefaid. That all the monies a riling thiskingdom by the faid duty on oak bark, which was granted by the (aid k to be ap- recited adt, (hall be accounted for by the feveral officers of plied.	his Majefty’s cuftoms, who (hall colledt and receive the fame,

to that branch of the cuftoms which is called The Old Subfidy* and (hall be applied and appropriated to the fame ufes and purpofes as other monies arifing by the faid branch of cuftoms are applied and appropriated by virtue of any adt of parliament now in force.

6 Geo. 3. V. And whereas by an aft of parliament, made in thefixtb year of the reign of bis prefent Majefly, intituled, An adt for repealing certain duties in the Britijb colonies and plantations, granted by feveral adts of parliament; and alfo the duties impofed by an adt, made in the laft feflion of parliament, upon certain Eajl India goods exported from Great Britain* and for granting other duties inftead thereof; and for further encouraging, regulating, and fccuring, feveral branches of the trade of this kingdom, and the Britijb dominions in America* it is* amongft other things* enafted* That a drawback or allowance of the duty paid in purfuance of that aft JEill be repaid* according to the refpeftive rates and values therein expreffed* upon the exportation from this kingdom to Africa of certain printed callicoes of the manufafture of Perfia, China, or Eaft India, and a& n in the faid aft particularly enumerated: and whereas by another aft Geo. 3. recit- 0j parliament* made in the twelfth year of bis faid Majejly's reign* intituled* An adt for granting a drawback of part of the cuftoms upon the exportation of tea to Ireland and the Britijb dominions in America; for altering the drawback upon foreign fugars exported from Great Britain xo'Ireland; for continuing the bounty pn the exportation of BritiJb~miAn cordage ; for allowing the importation of rice from the Britijb plantations into the ports

4

Digitized by

Google

1773*] Anno decimo tcrtio Georgii III. C.7+;	171

of Brifiol* Liverpoole* Loncajler* and Whitehaven, for immediate exportation to foreign parts; and to impower the chief magi-? ftrate of any corporation to adminifter the oath, and grant the certificate required by law upon the removal of certain goods to fondon* which have been fent into the country for fale, it is* amongjl other things, enafiedy That no bounty Jball be allowed for any cordage which Jball be exported* or entered for exportation, to any part of Afia, Africa, or America, the Ifle of Man, or the iflands of Faro or Ferro 2 and whereas doubts have arifen, whether the iflands of Madeira, and the Azores or wejlern iflands, are to be deeped part of Africa, within the intention of theje afts; and there is reafon to believe that fuch callicoes have been, and may be* entered for exportation from this kingdom to the faid iflands of Madeira, as well as to the Canary iflands, and the Azores or wejlern iflands, and afterwards clandijHnely landed in the Britilh plantations in America, and (bet Britifh-mj^ cordage entered for exportation from this kingdom to the faid Madeira iflands, and the Azores or wejlern iflands may be afterwards elandeflinely landed in feme parts of Afia, Africa, or America, whereby the good purpofes intended by the faid recited afls may be fruflrated j for remedy whereof, be it enafted by the au- After An*uft thority aforefaid, That from and after the firft day of Augufl, 1,1773* the one tnoufand feven hundred and fcventy-three, the drawback {Jr»wback *** granted by the firft recited aft, made in the fixth year of his ^bVthebel" Majefty’s reign, upon the exportation of the printed calicoes fore recked therein mentioned; and the bounty by the laft recited aft, made upon ccr-in the twelfth year of his Majefty’s reign, or by any other aft of t*in $°°&* parliament upon the exportation of Britijb-rcto&t cordage, (hall riJ^ecTn^to not be paid or allowed upon the exportation of fuch goods re- be allowed on fpeftively from this kingdom to the (aid iflands of Madeira, the raid goods Canary iflands, the Azores or weftem iflands, or to any or either sported to of them; amr thing in the faid recited acts, or any other aft, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding.	iflands, &c.

VI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, penalty for That if any merchant or other perfon (hall enter any fuch calli- entering cal-coes or cordage for exportation to foreign parts, other than to licoes and the faid iflands, in order to obtain the drawback or bounty for	n

the fame, and fuch goods (hall neverthelefs be carried to the faid par*£ ,^gn iflands, or either of them, and landed there, contrary to the true landing them intent and meaning of this aft 5 that then, and in every fuch pn faid cafe, the drawback or bounty paid, or to be paid, for the fame (hall be forfeited, and the exporter of fuch goods, and the mafter of the (hip or veflel, on board which fuch goods were loaden and exported, and every perfon concerned or aflifting in the exportation or landing thereof, (hall forfeit treble the value of fuch goods, and the (hip or veflel on board which fuch goods were loaden and exported, with all her tackle, furniture, and apparel, (hall alfo be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized and profecuted by any officer or officers of the cuftoms in Great Britain; ana the feveral penalties and forfeitures herein-before mentioned (hall and may be fued for and recovered, in fuch and the like manner as any forfeiture incurred by any law of the

revenue

Digitized by

Google

I*

Anno decimo tcrtlo GeoRGH III. c. 75/	[1773*

revenue of cuftoms may be fued for and recovered in this king* dom ; one moiety of which penalties and forfeitures, after deducing the charges of profecution, fhall be to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to fuch officer or officers of the cuftoms as lhall fue or profecute for the fame.

Afar Aug*«» VII. And be it further enaCed by the authority aforefaid, ifland/of Ma- That, from and after the faid firft day of Augujl, one thoufand dcira, &c. to feven hundred and feventy-three, the faid iflands of Madeira, l>e added to the Canary iflands, and the Azores or weftern iflands, (hall be chhcnturc8Pfor ac^ec* t0? anc* inched in, the oath, upon all debentures for callico€srand°r fuch callicoes and cordage exported, whereon the exporter is to cordage ex- fwear that the fame are not landed, or intended to be landed, in farted. Great Britain or Ireland.

CAP. LXXV.

An alt for enabling John, Robert, James, and William Adam, to difpofe of feveral boufes and buildings in the parifhes of Saint Martin in the Fields, and Saint Mary le bon, in the county of Middlefex, and other their effeSs, by way of chance, in Jucb manner as may be moji for the benefit of tbemfelves and creditors.

Preamble. XT7HEREAS John, Robert, James, and William Adam, V V of the parijh of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the county /t/" Middlefex, have ere lied many great and expenfive buildings, tvitb commodious wharf and wareboufes, upon a piece of ground formerly ealled Durham Yard, noiv called The Adel phi, fuuate in the faid parijh of Saint Martin in the Fields, and adjoining to the river y	Thames	;	and have, by means of fubterraneous freets, pointed out

a new and effectual method to keep the accefs to the houfes dfiinCt from the traffick of the wharfs and wareboufes, thereby connecting grandeur and magnificence with utility and commerce; and have alfo erected fme great and expenfive buildings in Queen Anne Street and Mansfield Street, in the parijh of Saint Mary le bon, in the faid county 0/Middlefex, and are pojfejfed of feveral Jbares of flock in trade of the Carron Company, and of many valuable flatues, pictures, and antiquities: aud whereas the faid John, Robert, James, and William Adam, have employed great numbers of workmen and crtijls in erecting the Jaid buildings, wharfs, and wareboufes, and have expended great fums of money, and controlled large debts, in bringing the faid buildings, wharfs, and wareboufes to the degree of perfection in which they now are, and it will yet require a very con-fiderable fum for the completion thereof; and unltfs fome encouragement, under the fanCtion of parliament, be given, to impower them to difpofe of their cjlates and effects to the be ft advantage, whereby they may be enabled to continue their ufeful endeavours, which have for many years pa ft found employment for many thoufand workmen end artifts in different parts of the kingdom, the debts which they have contracted cannot fpeedily be d\ [charged, and great numbers of the [aid workmen and artjfh will b$ deprived of employment: in order therefore

Digitized by VorOOQie

l73

1773.J Anno dedimo tertio Georgii III. c. 75.

fore that thefc ufeful undertakings may be completed ; may it pleafe your Majefty (at the humble petition of the faid John, Robert, James, and JVilliam Adam) that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid John, Robert, James and William Adam, their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, or aftigns, and they are hereby authorifed and impowered, at any time or times, before the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, to fell and difpofe of the faid buildings, wharfs, and warehoufes, com-pofing the faid Adelpbi, and of the buildings in Queers Anne Street, and Mansfield Street aforefaid, and other their eftates and effects, fpecified in the fchedule to this ad annexed, in fuch manner as they the faid John, Robert, James and IVilliam Adam, theirheirs,executors, adminiftrators, orafligns, lhall think proper, without being liable or fubjed to any penalty or forfeiture im-pofed by any ad or ads of parliament againft any fale or fales by way of lottery, or by lots, tickets, numbers, or figures ; and that fuch fale or fales, fo to be made of .the faid buildings, wharfs, and warehoufes, and of the feveral parts thereof com-pofmg the faid Adelpbi, and alfo of the faid buildings in Queen Anne Street and Mansfield Street, and other their effeds, as a-forefaid, by the faid John, Robert, James, and JVilliam Adam, their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, before the faid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and leventy-cight, (hall be good and valid, any law or ftatute to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

II.	Provided always, That nothing in this ad (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to authorife any more than three lotteries for difpofing of the faid eflfeds.

III.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the fum to be raifed by the faid John% Robert, James, and William Adam, their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, by way of lottery tickets or numbers, (hall not exceed the fum of two hundred and twenty-four thoufand pounds, upon the fale of the whole of the faid buildings, wharfs, warehoufes, and other the premifes and effeds mentioned in the fchedule hereunto annexed.

IV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That no ticket in the faid lottery (hall be fold at a lefs value than fifty pounds.

V.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That previous to the drawing of each or any of. the faid lotteries, a lift of the particular prizes in fuch lottery (hall be publilhed in one or more of the London daily news-papers, in which lift the ground rents afFeding each houfe or building compofing the prizes in fuch lottery (hall be particularly fpecified.

VI.	And be it further enaded by the authorityaforefaid, That this ad (hall be deemed and taken to be a publick ad, and lhall

be

At any time before Jan. tf 1778, mef fieurt Adams are impowered to fell their buildings, See. without being liable tor penalties for fale by way of lottery.

Provifo.

What fum of money (lull be raifed.

Tickets not to be left than 501. each.

Lift of the prizes and ground rents to be pubiifh-ed before the drawing of the lottery.

Publik ad.

Digitized by Google

be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whomfoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

The SCHEDULE above referred to,

CONTAINING

An account of the buildings, wharfs, and warehoufes, already completed, or now completing, together with other effects of, the faid John,	James,	and

Wiliam Adam, which are intended to compote a drie or fales by way of lottery.

In the parifh of Saint Mary Ron*.

ON E houfe with a ftone front in Queen Amt Street, Coven-dijb Square, facing Cbondtis Street.

One houfe on the weft fide of Mansfield Street, and the comer of New Cavendijh Street, in the occupation of lord Scarfdale. One houfe on the eaft fide of Mansfield and the corner of New	Cavendijh Street, fronting lord	s.

In the Adelpbi;

One houfe on the terrace, being the fecond weft from Adam Street, in the occupation of John Hart Cotton efquire.

One houfe on the terrace, being the fifth weft from Adam Street, in the occupation of meftieurs Adam.

One houfe on the terrace, being the feventh weft from Adam Street.

One houfe on the terrace, being the eighth weft from Adam Street.

One houfe on the terrace, being the ninth weft from Adam Street.

One houfe on the terrace, being the tenth weft from Adam Street.

One houfe on the terrace, being the eleventh weft from Adam Street.

One houfe bn the eaft fide of Adam	next	to	the	terrace,

in the occupation of IViUiam Guntborpe efquire.

One houfe on the eaft fide of ditto, being the third from the terrace.

One houfe on the eaft fide of ditto, facing John Street.

One fmall houfe on the weft fide of Adam Street, in the occupation of John Jones, paftrycook.

One houfe now ufed as a tavern on the weft fide of Adam Street, and corner of John Street, in the occupation of fVtlliam Osborn. One houfe next to ditto,- on the north fide of John Street, in leafe to Mr. Alexander Eddie.

One houfe on the north fide of John Street, adjoining on the weft to the houfe belonging to the fociety of arts.

Digitized by Google

1773*1 Anno decimo tcrdo Georgii III. c. 75;

One houfe	on	the	north fide of ditto,	adjoining	to	ditto.

One houfe	on	the	north fide of ditto,	adjoining	to	ditto.

One houfe	on	the	north fide of ditto,	adjoining	to	ditto.

One houfe	on	the	north fide of ditto,	adjoining	to	ditto.

[The three laft-mentioned houfes, together with three fmall houfes in William Street, are eventually intended to be formed into a chapel.]

One houfe on the fouth fide of John Street, being the lecond weft from Adam Street.

One houfe on the fouth fide of John Street, being the third weft from Adam Street, in the occupation of Mr. Anthony Zuccbi.

One houfe on the fouth fide of ditto, being the fourth weft from Adam Street.

One houfe on the fouth fide of ditto* being the fifth weft from Adam Street.

One houfe on the fouth fide of ditto, being the fixth weft from Adam Street.

One houfe on the fouth fide of ditto* being the feventh weft from Adam Street.

One houfe on the fouth fide of ditto, being the eighth weft from Adam Street.

One houfe on the fouth fide of ditto, being the ninth weft from Adam Street.

One houfe on the fouth fide of ditto, being the tenth weft from Adam Street.

One houfe on the fouth fide of ditto, and corner of Robert Street, being the eleventh weft from Adam Street, in the occupation of William Adam, efquire.

One houfe on the weft fide of Robert Street and comer of John Street, confiding of five (lories, each ftory being one fet of chambers •, viz. •

Firft ground ftory in ditto.

Parlour ftory in ditto.

One pair of ftairs ftory in ditto.

Two pair of ftairs ftory in ditto.

Attic ftory in ditto.

One houfe in John Street, confiding of five (lories as above, each ftory being one fet of chambers, viz.

Firft ground ftory in ditto.

Parlour ftory in ditto.

One pair of ftairs ftory in ditto.

Two pair of ftairs ftory in ditto.

Attic ftory in ditto.

One houfe in John Street and corner of Oeorge Street, Tori

Buildings.

One houfe in George Street, adjoining fouthwards to the above.

One houfe in Robert Street, confiding of five dories, each ftory being one fet of chambers ; inz«

Firft ground ftory in ditto.

Parlour ftory in aitto.

One pair of ftairs ftory In ditto.

Two

Digitized by Google

Anno decimo tertio GeoRGII III. c. 75. [177 j.

Two pair of ftairs ftory in ditto.

Attic ftory in ditto.

One great houfe on the weft fide of Robert Street, fronting the river.

One houfe on the eaft fide of Robert Street, being the fecond from the terrace.

One houfe on the eaft fide of James Street and comer of John Street.

One houfe on the eaft fide of James Street and comer of William Street.

One houfe on the fouth fide of William Street, adjoining on the eaft fide to ditto.

One houfe on the fouth fide of William Street, adjoining to ditto.

One houfe on the fouth fide of William Street, adjoining to ditto.

One houfe on the fouth fide of William Street, adjoining to ditto.

One houfe oil the fouth fide of William Street, and corner /of Durham Street, adjoining to ditto.

One houfe in the Strand, and eaft corner of Adam Street.

One houfe adjoining to ditto* entering from the Strand.

One houfe adjoining eaftward to the laft-mentioned houfe, and corner of Ivy Lane, in the occupation of	KettUwellr,

dyer.

One houfe on the eaft fide of Adam Street, being the fecond from the Strand.

One houfe adjoining to ditto, fouthward, on the eaft fide of Adam Street, being the third from the Strand.

One houfe entering from the Strand, being the fecond weftward from Adam Street, in the occupation of Benjamin Hcdgfon, leather-feller.	•

One houfe adjoining to ditto, weftward, being the third from Adam Street, in the occupation of Walter Rujfell, cabinetmaker.

One houfe adjoining to the laft-mentioned houfe, weft ward, being the fourth from Adam Street, in the occupation of Mr.

Toivnjhend.

One houfe adjoining to the laft-mentioned houfe, weftward, being the fifth from Adam Street, in the occupation of meffieurs Edie and Dupin.

One back houfe, fituated behind the houfes above-mentioned, to be in the occupation of Walter RuffeL

One back houfe behind the houfe mentioned, to be in the occupation of Benjamin Hodgfon.

.One wharf, containing one hundred and fixty-two feet in front, being the molt wefterly, adjoining to York Buildings, together with (tabling for twenty-five horfes, under the weft end of John Street:

One wharf, containing one hundred and fix feet in front, adjoining to ditto, eaftward, together with (tabling for twenty-five horfes, under the weft end of John Street.

One wharf, containing feventy-five feet and a half in front, adjoining eaftward to ditto, with (tabling for fixtecn horfes, under Adam Street.

Digitized by Google

One

l77

One wharf, adjoining eaftward to ditto, and bounded eaftward by Ivy~bridge Stairs, being fixty-eight feet and a half in front, with (tabling for fixteen horfes, under Adam Street.

One large room or warehoufe under Adam Streety fronting the river. One fmall hoofe under the terrace, and over the arcade, oppo* fite to the terrace houfes, and fronting the river.

One other ditto, adjoining to ditto.

One other ditto, adjoining to ditto.

One other ditto, adjoining to ditto.

One other ditto, adjoining to ditto*

One other ditto, adjoining to ditto.

One other ditto, adjoining to ditto*

One other ditto, adjoining to ditto.

One other ditto, adjoining to ditto.

One other ditto, adjoining to ditto*

One other ditto, adjoining to ditto.

One large room or warehoufe under Robert Street, fronting the river.

Ten double warehoufes, fituated between Lower Adam Street and

Lower Robert Street, entering from the wharfs and arcade * viz*

One warehoufe under			the arcade, lower ftory.	
One ditto	— ■■	ditto	—-	upper ftory.
One ditto	—	ditto	— —	lower ftory.
One ditto	—	ditto	—-	upper ftory.
One ditto	- ■.	ditto	—	lower ftory.
One ditto	—	ditto				upper ftory.
One ditto	——-	ditto	- —	lower ftory.
One ditto	—	ditto	—	upper ftory.
One ditto	—	ditto		lower ftory.
One ditto	—	ditto	■		upper ftory.
One ditto	—	ditto	—	lower ftory.
One ditto	■ ——	ditto				upper ftory.
One ditto	- , .	ditto	—	lower ftory.
One ditto		ditto	—	upper ftory.
One ditto				ditto				lower ftory.
One ditto				ditto	—	upper ftory.
One ditto	- —-	ditto	—	lower ftory.
One ditto	—	ditto	—	upper ftory.
One ditto				ditto	■ ■ ■ ■	lower ftory.
One ditto	—	ditto	•	upper ftory.
One fmall office under the arcade, and entering from ditto.				

One ditto	•		ditto	—.	ditto.
One ditto	—	ditto	——	ditto.
One ditto	■	d;tto	—-	ditto.
One ditto			—	ditto	—	ditto.
One ditto	—	ditto	—	ditto.
One ditto		ditto	——	ditto.
One ditto	... — .	ditto				ditto.
One ditto	—■ ■ -	ditto		ditto.
One ditto	  Vol. XXX.		ditto	ns	ditto.

Digitized by

Google



Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 75. [1773.

A large vault, or double warehoufe, under the eaft wing of Adam Street, fronting the river, upon the wharfs, lower ftory.

Ditto upper ftory.

Eight vaults or warehouies adjoining to ditto, and entering front Lower Adam Street; viz.

One vault, being the fecond from the wharf.

One ditto, being the third from ditto.

One ditto, being the fourth from ditto.

One ditto, being the fifth from ditto.

One ditto, being the fixth from ditto.

One ditto, being the feventh from ditto.

One ditto, being the eighth from ditto.

One ditto, being the ninth from ditto.

A large vault or double warehoufe, lying under the great houfe in the weft wing of Robert Strfronting the nver, lower ftory.

Ditto. —— upper ftory.

One vault under the broad part of Adam Street.

One ditto. — ditto.

One double vault for coach-houfe and ftable on the north fide of the Mews Street, fituated between Lower Adam Street and Lower Robert Street.

One	■ ■ ■	ditto.	■ ■ —	ditto.
One	. ■ ■	ditto.		*	ditto.
One	■ —,	ditto.	■ —	ditto.
One	-	ditto.	■ ■ ■■	ditto.
One	. - ■■■	ditto.	—	ditto.
One		ditto.		ditto.
One	■ ■	ditto.	—	ditto.
One	- - ~	ditto.	__	ditto.
One	—	ditto.		ditto.

One double vault for coach-houfe and ftable on the fouth fide of the Mews Street, fituated as above.

One	■■■ . —	ditto. ——	ditto.
One	—	ditto. -			ditto.
One	—	ditto. —	ditto.
One	—	ditto. 		ditto.
One	—	ditto.		ditto.
One	—p.	ditto.		ditto.
One			ditto. ——	ditto.
One	— ■ ■	ditto. 		ditto.
One	—	ditto. 		ditto.
One vault, fituated under the houfes <  Street.			
One	✓	ditto. —	ditto.
One		ditto. 			ditto.
One	—	ditto. —	ditto.
One		ditto* — 2  Digitized by	ditto.  Gc 5k

One

One	- ditto,	v-  ditto.

One	- ditto.	——	ditto.

One	- ditto.	  ditto.

One - ■ ditto. --------------------- ditto.

One	-	ditto.	ditto.

One	—	ditto.	- cfitto.

One vault under the chambers in Robert Street.

One	—	ditto.	—	ditto.

One finall vault under Lower John Street.

One ——	ditto.		 ditto.
One 		ditto.		 ditto.
One ■ '	ditto.	■	 ditto.
One ——	ditto.		 ditto.
One ——	ditto.	— ditto.
One 		ditto.	—:— ditto.
One		ditto.		 ditto.
One 		ditto.		 ditto.
One 		ditto.	— ditto.

One vault under the chambers at the corner of John Street and Robert Street.

One —— ditto. —— ditto.

CARRON SHARES; viz.

Two (hares in the (lock in trade of Carron Company, with the profits to	30 June 1773.

Two	—	ditto.	——	ditto.

Two--------ditto.	-- ditto.

Two	-- ditto.	-- ditto.

Two	■ —	ditto.	——	ditto.

Two	-- ditto.	-- ditto.

Two	——	ditto.	—	ditto.

Two	-- ditto.	-- ditto.

Two	-- ditto.	-- ditto.

Two	—	ditto.	-- ditto.

Nmb.

1.

2.

3-

4-

5*

6.

I:

PICTURES, viz.

^ Study of heads.

——	Mola.

A candle light, in the (lile of Salvator Rofa, Spani/b.

A ditto. - its companion,	---- Ditto.

St. James fighting the Turks* —	Burgagnone.

The head of St Peter,	    Guido.

A landfcape with figures and horfes, M. Angelo Bamboccia.

Eve offering to Adam the fruit, The pope’s guards gaming,

9. The prince of Montelibana,

20. A landfcape with hunters,

11. A landfcape,

n 2

Carlo Lotti. Guercino.

Nogem. Old IVyke. Tempefla. 12. Our

Anno derimo tertio GSorgii III.

Numb.

12.	Our Saviour bound in the garden,

13.	Mary Magdalen in a landscape,	-----

14. St. Peter, — its companion,	——

15. St. Francis with an angel,	——

J 6. A landfcape, very capital, —	——

17. A ditto,	—--	ditto, . —

18. David dancing before the ark,	—•

19. Paul preaching at Athens,	  —

2c. Diana and her nymphs and Afleon>	—-

21.	A landfcape, the figures by N. Pouffin, ----

22.	A conversation, ----------- ------------

23.	A landfcape, —	----- ---------

24; A dead Chrift with Jofeph of Arimatbea> —

25. Seneca dying in the bath,	——

26,	A landfcape with figures* —	—

c-75- [*775*

ll

29.

3°-

3»-

3*-

33-

34.

35*

36-

37-

38'

39*

40.

4»*

42.

43-

44.

45-

46.

tl:

49.

50.

51.

St. Augujiine praying,

The head of St. Prancis9	—	—

St. Catherine,	    -

Game,	— ——	-----

An adoration of the Magi,	 •

Murder of the innocents,	——	—

A landfcape, — ditto.	—

The entombing of our Saviour,	—-

Time trampling on youth and beauty, —

A landfcape, --------- —-	---

A ditto, ----------- —- -	—

Neptune and Amphitrite9	—~	——

The triumph of Bacchus,	—	—

Ruins and figures,	■	——

Sophonijba drinking the poifon,	—

Witchcraft with fpells and charms, — Ditto, ------- its	companion.

Giardino Della Notte.

------ Teniers.

■— Ditto*

-	H.	Carracci.

----- Tempefa.

----- Ditto.

—---------Seb. Ricci. ---------- Ditto.

Mic. Roche. ■ G. Pouffin. D. Teniers.

Sal. Rofa. P. Veronefe. Luc. Jordano. Sal. Rofa. Lanfrance.

—	Guido.

—	Ditto. John Fyte. N. Pouffin.

—	Ditto. both of Italy. Lod. Carracci.

Dominichino. Voglefon.

Ditto. Manicocbe.

—	Ditto. Gbifolpi.

—	Celefli.

—	Teniers. Ditto.

A landfcape with (hepherdsand flocks, —-■ Fr. Mela.

A conversation*, --------- ——	—	Baffin.

An old man, —	----- —-	P. Veronefe.

A dog, --------------------------------------------     Ditto.

A landfcape with figures, -----------------------   Lucatella.

A ditto, ------------- ditto,	—	  Ditto.

Cleopatra with an attendant and fervant, — P. Veronefe. A landfcape with figures on marble, -------------- Van	Gowant

Numb.

DRAWINGS.

1.	/~\UTSIDEofa fepulchral building, — Clerijfeau.

2. V-/ Infide view of an antique temple,	——	Ditto.

—	  Marco	Ricci.

3.	A landfcape,

4.	Portrait of a lady, ---------

5.	Ruins of a fepulchral room,

6. A landfcape,	——

7.	A head of a lady, -----------

8.	A head in black chalk, «

Rofa Alba. — CLriffeau. Marco Ricci. Rofa Alba. Piazetto. 9. A

c- 75-

Lalman. Ditto. — £>///*. Marco Ricci. Torregiano. Pecbeux.

-D///0. Lalman. l?*/2r Alba. Panini.

—	Lalman.

—	D/tf*.

—	Ditto. Panini.

—	Ditto.

----	D///0.

Marco Ricci.

—	Z)///*.

—	Lalman.

STATUES, and PIECES of ANTIQUITY.

tfmnb.

1.	A Pedeftal with rams’ heads, fphynxes, fafr.

2.	\ A circular pedeftal with candelabra, Wr.

3.	A fquare pedeftal with heads of Jupiter Ammon, lAc,

4.	Rcgulus leaving . A cenerary urn, with griffins, £jfc.

. A vafe reprefenting the labours of Hercules.

. A ditto, in form of a cenerary urn, with candelabra, &c*

. A Ceres with a crown of barley and a cup in her hand.

9.	A mufe with a lute.

10.	The mufe Erato.

11.	A large Flora.

12* A fideboard of granite.

13.	An yrn with marine figures,

14,	A circular altar or pedeflal. ic. Two mofaic tables.

16.	A vafe with vines twifted round it.

17.	An Efculapius, with a rod and ferpent. j8. Another ditto.

19.	A faun, with a pipe.

20.	A Flora with a crown of flowers.

21.	A Morpheus, afleep on a lion’s fkin.

22.	The mufe Euterpi with her mafk and flutes#

23.	A Minerva in armour.

24.	An Apollo with a bow and arrow.

254 A faun holding a child.

1773-1 Anno decimo tertlo Georgii III,

N«mk.

9. A landfcape with ruins and figures, ----------

Ditto, ------------ ------------ ------------

A fketch of Tivoli, taken on the fpot, —

Ruins and figures, —	-----

A landfcape with ruins, —	—-

A drawing of Marcus Aurelius,	-----

The centaur Borghefe, ------------ ----------

A view in Rome,	—	—	■

Head of an abbe,	——	-----

Ruins and figures,	——	-----

A landfcape with ruins and figures, ---------

A ditto, ------------- ditto,	  *-

A view of the Campo Vaccino,	—

22/ A view of Tivoli,	——	-----

23. An aqueduct near Tivoli,	  —

Ditto,* --------------------------------   —

Ruins of architecture,	——	—

Ditto. -------------- ditto,	«——	—

A landfcape in the ftilc of Sal. Rofa. —

10.

11.

12.

*3-

14-

*5*

16.

IS:

19.

20.

21.

24.

IS:

* 3

Digitized by

Goc 2

CAP.

182	Anno	decimo	tertlo Georgii ITT. c.76. [1773.

C A P. LXXVI.

An o8 to indemnify juftices of the peace, deputy lieutenants, officers of the militia,	others, who have omitted to

regifter or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law\ and for giving further time far tbofe purpofes.

Preamble. \ATPEREAS divers jujlices of the peace, deputy lieutenants3 V V and officers of militia, or others, who ought to have regiJUred or delivered in their qualifications, according to an aft, made in the Aft ig Geo. 1. eighteenth year of the reign of bis late majefly King George the Second, intituled, An aft to amend and render more effeftual an aft, palled in the fifth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft for the further qualification of jujlices of the peace; or Aft % Geo. 3. according to another aft, made in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, intituled, An aft to explain, amend, and reduce into one act of parliament, the feveral laws now in being, relating to the railing and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England; or according to another aft, made in Aft 9 Geo. 3. the ninth year of his prefent Majefly, intituled, An aft for explaining, amending, and continuing an aft, made in the ftcond year or the reign of his prelent Majefty, intituled, An aft to explain, amend, and reduce into on* aft of parliament, the feveral laws now in being, relating to the railing and training the militia within that part of Great Britain Called England, have, through ignorance of the law, ahfence, or fome unavoidable accident, omitted to regifter, or deliver tn their qualifications as aforefaid, within fuch time, and in fuch manner as in and by the faid afts refpeftively, or by any other aft of parliament in that behalf made is required, whereby they have incurred, or may be in danger of incurring divers penalties, and difabilities: for quieting the minds of bis Majefly's fubjefts, and for preventing any inconveniencies that might oiherwije happen by means of fuch ornij-'fions 5 be it enafted by the King’s molt excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and All juftices, by the authority of the fame. That all and every juft ice or deputy lieu- juftices of the peace, deputy lieutenants, and officers of the tc"a,J^8»militia, or others who, at the time of the palling of this aft, omkted to re-	^*ave 01™tted t0 regifter or deliver in their qualifications,

gifter their within fuch time, and in fuch manner, as in and by the faid aft, qualifications, or any of them, or by any other aft of parliament in that behalf and before js required, and who hath or have, or who (hall, on or before ffinUreeifterin twenty-fiftb day of December, one thoufand (even hundred manner re- and feventy-three., regifter his or their qualification, in manner quired, fliall and form as in and by the faid in part recited acts, or any of be freed from them, are required, (hall be, and are hereby indemnified, freed, omiftion8 ^ anc* difeharged, ^rom anc* agamft all penalties, forfeitures, incapacities, and difabilities, incurred, or to be incurred, for or by reafon of any negleft or omiffion, previous to the pafllng of this aft, for not regiftering his or their qualification, according to the

above-

1773-1 Amro derimo tertio Georoii III. c. 77,78.	183

above-mentioned alts, or any of them, or any other aft or afts; and fuch perfon and perfons is and are, and (hall be fully and actually recapacitated, and reftored to the fame (late and condition, as he or they were in before fuch negleft or omiflion; and (hall be deemed and adjudged to have duly qualified him or themfelves, according to the above-mentioned alts, and every of them; and that all afts done, or to be done, by any fuch peribn or perfons, or by authority derived from him or them, are and (hall be of the fame force and validity, as the fame, or any of them, would have been, if fuch perfon or perfons re* fpeftively had regiftered his or their qualification, according to the direction of the faid afts, and every or any of them ; any thing in the laid in-part recited afts, or any of them, to the contrary in any-wife notwithftanding.

II.	Provided always. That this aft, or any thing herein con- Not to extend tained, (hall not extend, or.be conftrued to extend, to indemnify to indemnify any perfon againft whom final judgement (hall have been given in any aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his final judge-Majefty’s courts of record, for any penalty incurred, by having ment ftuil oeglefted to qualify himfelf within the time limited by law. h?ve

CAP. LXXVIT.

An aft for granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money out of the finking fund $ and for applying certain monies therein mentioned for the fervict of the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy*three ; and for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feflion of parliament} and for paying to John Harrifon a further reward for his invention of a time-keeper for afcertaining the longitude at Tea, and his difcovery of the principles upon which the fame was conftrufted. Preamble 1,349,8061. 11s. 7 a ?q. granted out of the fund, for the fer-vice of the current year) to be iffued by the treafury accordingly. Trea-fory impowered to raife the faid fum, or any pact thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, on the credit of the (inking fund.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An alt to explain, amende and reduce into one alt of parliament^ the ftatutes now in being, for the amendment and prefervation of the publick highways within that part of Great Britain called England, and for other purpofes.

TX79EREAS the laws now in being for the amendment and Preamble.

VV prefervation of the highways of that part of Great Britain called England require fome explanation and amendment; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted j and be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and On Sept, is, commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the au- yearly, a lift thority of the fame. That from henceforth, upon the twenty- ^eaiTten fecond day of September, in every year, unlefs that day (hall be pcrfonS| by Sunday, and then on the day following, the conftables, head- the confU-boroughs, tythingmen, churchwardens, furveyor of the high- bles. <fcc. at ways, and houfeholders, being affeflcd to any parochial or pub-

:c, (hall aflcmble toge- ^etuiM?

lick rate of every parilh, town(hip, or place.

* +

ther

1*4

Qualification of fiuveyprs.

Anno decimo tertio GeoRGII III. C. 78^ [1773*

thcr at the church or chapel of fuch parifh, townfhip, or place, or if there fhall be no church or chapel, then at the ufual place of publick meetings for fuch parifh, townfhip, or place, at the hour of eleven in the forenoon : and the major part of them, /o aflembled, (hall make a lift of the names of at lead ten perfons living within fuch refpedlive parifhes, townfhips, or places, who each of them have an eftate in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, lying within fuch refpe&ive parifh, townfhip, or place, in their own right, or in the right of their wives, of the value of ten pounds by the year; or a perfonal eftate of the value of one hundred pounds ; or are occupiers or tenants of houfes, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of the yearly value of thirty pounds : and if there (hall not be ten perfons having fuch qualifications as aforefaid, then they (hall infert in fuch lift the names of fo many of fuch perfons as are fo qualified, as above required, together with the names of fo many of the moft fuffirient and able inhabitants of fuch parifh, townfhip, or place, not fo qualified, as (hall make up the number ten, if fo many can be found; if not, fo many as (hall be there refident, to ferve the office of furveyor of the highways : and the conftable, headborough, or tythingman, of fuch parifh, townftiip, or place, (hall, within three days after fuch meeting, tranfmit a duplicate of fuch lift to of thTjufticei,one °f t^ie juftices of the peace within the limit of the county, and the origi- riding, divihon, hundred, city, corporation, precindt, or liberty, nal lift to the where fuch parifti, townfhip, or place, fhall lie, living in or near the fame; and (hall alfo return and deliver the original lift, fUbleC made and agreed upon at fuch meeting, to the juftices of the peace, at their fpecial feflions to be held for the highways within that limit, in the week next after the Mitbatlmes general quarter Notices to the feflions of the peace in every year; and (hall alfo, within three perfons con- days after making the faid lift, give perfonal notices to, or caufe * j — *u- notices in writing to be left at, the places of abode of the feveral perfons contained in fuch lift, informing them of their being fo The juftices named, to the intent that they may feverally appear before the are to give 10 juftices at the faid fpecial feflions to accept fuch office, if they days notice (hall be appointed thereto, or to (hew caufe, if they have any, facial fefions aSa,n^ tbeir being appointed : and the faid juftices are hereby to the con-0”8 authorifed and required to hold fuch fpecial feflions at fuch con-itables, See. venient place or places within their refpe&ive limits, as they in their diferetion fhall judge proper; and to give notice of the time and place where they intend to holdthe fame to the con-(tables, headboroughs, or tythingmen, of every fuch parifti, townfhip, or place, at lead ten days before the holding of the laid feflion ; and the faid juftices, then and there, from the faid lifts, according to their diferetion, and the largenefs of the parifh, townfhip, or place refpedtively, by warrant under their

A duplicate of fuch lifts lhall be tranf-mitted to one

tained in the lift.

and may appoint from the lifts luch number of furveyors as they fhall judge fit, if they fhall in

the opinion -	.	-	- -	-	„ _ ,

of the )uitice9 hands and feals, fhall appoint one, two, or more of fuch per-be qualified fons, as aforefaid, if he or they fhall, in the opinion of fuch ifnor^ot^er * Ju^ces» be qualified for the office of furveyor, if not, one, two, inhfhi’ants'oror morc t*ie otber fubrtantial inhabitants or occupiers of pcrqpiers, &c. l«tnd$, tenements, woods, tithes, or hereditaments, within fuch

parifh.

Digitized by v^ooQle

1773-1 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 78^	185

parifh, townfhip, or place, living within three miles thereof, and within the fame county, fit and proper to ferve the office of furveyor of the highways for fuch parifh, townfhip, or place, if any fuch can be found ; which appointment (hall, by the con- which ap» (tables, headboroughs, or tythingmen, aforefaid, be notified to pointment every perfon fo appointed by the faid juftices, within three days 1* nort-after fuch appointment, by ferving him with the faid warrant, fons^amcd^" or by leaving the fame, or a true copy thereof, at his houfe, or by the con-* ufual place of abode 5 and every perfon fo appointed, if he ac- (tables, &c. cepts the faid office, (hall be furveyor of the highways for the *nd faid parifh, townfhip, or place, for the year enfuing, and hold his office (hall take upon him and duly execute the office aforefaid ; and for one year, the faid juftices (hall then and there give fuch of the faid fur- Jufticestogite veyors as (hall perfonally appear before them a charge, for the a■ charge tor better performance of their duty, according to the directions of anceof to™" this a£t: and if any of the faid perfons, fo appointed, whofe veyor’s duty, names were contained in fuch lift, and who were ferved with Perfons ap-the faid notice, (hall refufe or negledt to appear at the faid fpecial P®int*d from feflions, and accept the faid office, if appointed thereto, in man- toCfcr¥€ ner aforefaid, or (hall not, within fix days after being ferved foali forfeit 5U with fuch warrant of appointment, fignify his acceptance thereof, either in perfon, or by writing, to one of the faid juftices, he (hall forfeit the fum of five pounds ; and in cafe any and thofe not perfon fo appointed by the faid juftices, whofe name was not 'V contained in fuch lift, (hall refute or negledt to accept the faid j£rfciat office, or (hall not, within fix days after being ferved with fuch 5 appointment, (hew to one of the juftices figning fuch appointment, fufficient caufc why he (hould not lerve fuch office, he (hall forfeit the fum of fifty (hillings: provided that no perfon No perfon who hath been appointed and ferved the office of furveyor for "ho hath one year, (hall be liable to be appointed furveyor for the fame efg parifh, townfhip, or place, within three years from the time of igainappoint-fuch firft appointment and fervice, unlefs he (hall confent there- ed tor the fame to 5 but if no fuch lift (hall be made and returned, or if the faid place within juftices (hall make fuch appointment, as aforefaid, and the per-fon or perfons fo appointed (hall refufe to ferve the faid office, confcnt. the faid juftices, or any two of them, (hall and may, and are if no fuch lift hereby required, at the faid fpecial feflions, or at fome fubfe- be made, or quent fpecial feflions, to be held within one month after, to the perfon nominate and appoint fome other perfon or perfons to be fur-

to ferve.

veyor of fuch panfh, townftnp, or place, whom they (hall judge another per-proper to execute that office, and (hall and may fix fuch falary fonmaybeap-to be'paid to fuch furveyor, to be appointed as herein laft before pointed, at a mentioned, out of the (aid forfeitures, and all other forfeitures, f™?2Ufef-fines, penalties, afleflments, and compofitions, to be paid, levied, jJon8> and raifed, under the authority of this a<5t, within fuch parilh, and a (alary townfhip, or place refpedlively, as fuch juftices (hall think fit, fi*ed* not exceeding one-eighth part of what (hall have been raifed by not exceeding an afleffment of fixpence in the pound, for the ufe of the high- P^t ways, within fuch parifh, townfhip, or place, where any fuch j£c**d# afleffment (hall have been raifed, and obferving the fame reftric-

Digitized by ^.ooQle

A

Juftices may require the con (tables,

&c. to return an account, in writing, of the (um which the afTcfTment of 6 d. per pound will raife.

40c. penalty on the contta-bks. See. not making or returning fgch lilts, or not giving the notices required.

Where the ju-ftices, upon fuch refufal, (hall appoint another per-fon they are to appoint oneiubftantiaJ inhabitant for his afliltant ; and on his rtfufal to accept that office, he (hall forfeit 50 s. and the ju-11 ices may in that cafe ap-point another, who, on refufal, (hall alfo forfeit 50s. and in that cafe, they may appoint a third perfon, who (hall be sntitled to the faid forfeitures, and to a further allowance, by way of falary, if the juftices (hall think it nccefiary.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 78.	£*773.

tion as near as they can, from the bed information they (hall be able to get of the probable amount of fuch an afleffment, where none hath been already made; and the faid juftice (hall and may, if they think fit, require the conftables, headboroughs, tythingmen, and furveyor, of every fuch parifh, townfhip, and place, or any of them, to return to them, at fuch time and place as they (hall appoint* an account, in writing, of tHe fum which fuch afleflment of fixpence in the pound hath raifed, or will, in his or their opinion, raife, within fuch parifh, townfhip, or place: and if the conftables, headboroughs, tythingmen, churchwardens, furveyors of the highway, and fuch houfeholders as aforefaid, of any parifh, townfhip, or place, fhall negled or re-fufe to make fuch lift as aforefaid; or if the conftable, head-borough, or tythingman, of any parifh, townfhip, or place* (hall not return the faid lift of names when made* and fuch duplicate thereof, as aforefaid, and give fuch notice or notices, and ferve fuch warrant or warrants, as in this ad is direded ; or if the faid conftable, headborough, tythingman, and furveyor, or any of them, (hall negled to return fuch account of the amount of fuch afleffment, as aforefaid, when fo required as aforefaid; every conftable, headborough, tythingman, churchwarden, or furveyor, fo negleding or refuting, in any of the faid cafes, (hall, for every fuch default refpedively, forfeit the fum of forty (hillings.

II.	And be it further enaded, That in all cafes where the laid juftices, upon negled or refufal of the perfon fo nominated furveyor as aforefaid to accept the faid office, (hall appoint any other perfon for fuch furveyor with a falary as aforefaid, the (aid juftices (ball, and are hereby required to appoint one fubftantial inhabitant of fuch parifh, town (hip, or place, for affiftant to fuch furveyor in the feveral matters, and for the feveral purpofes hereafter mentioned, until the next annual appointment of furveyors, according to the diredions of this ad; and if the perfon fo appointed affiftant (hall, upon notice of fuch appointment, refufe to accept that office, he (hall forfeit the fum of fifty (hillings : and in that cafe, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch juftices to appoint any other fubftantial inhabitant of fuch parifh, townfhip, or place, for affiftant to fuch furveyor, in manner and for the time aforefaid; and if fuch fecond appointed affiftant (hall decline or refufe to accept the faid office, he (hall, in like manner, forfeit the fum of fifty (hillings ; and ihe faid juftices fhall and may appoint any other perfon, inhabiting in fuch parifh, townfhip, or place, affiftant to fuch furveyor, who (hall be intitled to the faid forfeitures herein laft before mentioned; and alfo to fome furthtr allowance by way of falary, (to be paid as the furveyor’s falary is hereby direded to be paid,) if the faid

J'uftices fhall think any fuch falary neceflary, and fhall order the ame, which they are hereby authorifed to do: provided that no perfon fo appointed affiftant for one year fhall be liable to be appointed affiftant for the fame parifti, townfhip, or place, within three years next following fuch firft appointment, without jHS>confent.

Digitized by Google	ni‘	And

1773-]	Anno deamo tcrtio GeorGH III. c. 78'.	187

III.	And be it further enaCted, That the furveyor of every Bond to he

pari/h, townlhip, and place, who (hall not refide therein, but gi*en by the (hall be appointed with fuch falary as aforefaid, (hall, if required *urv€yor ap-by the churchwarden, overfeer of the poor, or any principal	wU“

inhabitant of the parifh, townfhip, or place, for which he (hall

be lb appointed furveyor, at the time of his appointment, or

within fourteen days after, give a bond upon paper, without

(lamp thereupon, to fome proper perfon within fuch pari(h,

townfhip, or place, to be nominated by the faid juftices, with to account for

fuffirient furety, to account for the money which (hall come to ™°nc7

his hands as (urveyor, according to the directions of this a<51;

which bond (hall be good and effectual in law.	hands.

IV.	And be it further enaded. That the affiftant, fo to be Duty 0ftj,c nominated and appointed, (hall, and is hereby required to the affiftant for* beft of his (kill and judgement, to affift the faid furveyor, when- veyor. ever requefted by him, in calling in and attending the performance of the ftatute>duty ; in collecting-the compofitions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures; in maldqg and collecting the a(Te(T-

ments ; in making out and ferving the notices authorifed by

this aCt; and in inch other matters and things as (hall be rea-

fonably required of him by the furveyor, in the execution of his

office as furveyor, purfuant to this aCt: and the faid affiftant

(hall juftly and truly account with, and pay to, the faid furveyor,

or to his order, from time to time, according to the directions

of this aCt, all the money which (hall come to his hands as

affiftant, by the means as aforefaid 5 and, in default thereof, he Forfeitures

(hall forfeit double the value of the money by him fo received, for neglea of

and not fo paid and accounted for; and if the faid affiftant (hall **• duty*

wilfully negleCl or make default in the performance of any of

the duty required from him by this aCt, he (hall forfeit, for

every fuch offence, any fum not exceeding five pounds, nor lefs

than forty (hillings, at the diferetion of the juftice or juftices of

the limit within which fuch affiftant (hall be appointed : and the Surveyors to

(aid furveyor (hall, and is hereby required to fend orders, in fend orders

writing, upon the faid affiftant, for the payment of all furas due

to any perfon or perfons, for work or materials, by virtue of this

aCl, which amount to forty (hillings or upwards ; and the faid fums amount-

furveyor (hall not be refponfible for any fum or fums of money ing to 40s. or

which (hall be received by the faid affiftant, and (hall not be upwards.

actually paid to fuch furveyor, or to his order, as aforefaid.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That if two if two parts parts out of three of thofe fo to be afTembled in any fuch parith, out of three townfhip, or place, for the nomination of furveyors, as afore- ot thofe aflem-faid, /hall agree in the choice of any particular perfon of (kill ^^£5^ and experience, to ferve the faid office of furveyor for fuch parifti, Jj,an agree in townfhip, or place, and in the fettling of a certain falary for his the choice of trouble therein, and (hall return the name of fuch perfon, toge- ^Pfrfo"of ther with the lift herein-before direCled, to the juftices of the ^office of peace at their faid feffions, to be held in the week next after the furveyor, and Michaelmas quarter feffions ; that then, and in every fuch cafe, in fettling bis it (hall and may be lawful for the laid juftices, ifthey (hall think falary*

proper.

Digitized by Google

j88	Anno	decimo	tertio	GeoRGII	III.	c. 78.	[1773.

Juftices may proper, to appoint fuch perfon to be furveyor for fuch parifti, appoint fuch townftiip, or place, and allow him the falary mentioned in fuch perfon, and agreement, which (hall be raifed and paid in the fame manner faid^falary ' * as ^a^a,7 herein-before mentioned is dire&ed to be raifed and and if any * paid ; and in cafe any furveyor to be appointed under the autho-furveyor (hall rity of this adt (hall die, or become incapable of executing that die,or become office, before fuch next fpecial feffions for appointing furveyor*, exTcu^ng^he ^ juftices, or any two of them, (hall and may, at fome office, the fpecial feffions, nominate and appoint fuch perfon or perfons as juttice* may they (hall think proper, to execute the faid office, until fuch appoint ano- next fpecial feffions for appointing furveyor* as aforefaid ; and and a^fowhim ^ deceafed furveyor had a falary, they may allow the fame the feiary. falary to his fucceflor, in proportion to the time he (hall ferve If more fur- the laid office; and if the (aid juftices of the peace, at their faid veyors than fpecial feffions, or at any time afterwards, purfuant to the powers

°nCohuedbC X^S a<^> aPP°int more l^an onc	for	furveyor of

they are all anY P*rifh, townlhip, or place, all and every perfon or perfons comprehend- fo appointed, (hall be comprehended under the word Surveyor cd under the in every part of this a8t.

▼e*orSUr" VI. And ^ ^ ^urt^cr enadled. That no tree, bu(h, or (hrub. No n-ee buffi be P*™**1^ to ftand, or grow, in any highways, within or (hrub, al-9 the diftance of fifteen feet from the centre thereof, (except for lowed to grow ornament or (helter to the houfc, building, or court-yard of the or ftand with- owner thereof,) or hereafter to be planted within tne diftance the*centre of rf°re^a^ > but the lame (hall refpedively be cut down, grubbed the highway s up, and carried away, by the owner or occupier of the land or on forfeiture foil where the fame doth or (hall ftand or grow, within ten days of 10*. by the after notice to him, her, or them, or his, her, or their fteward owner*. or agCnt> given by the (aid furveyors, or any of them, on pain of forfeiting, for every negledl the fum of ten (hillings.

Hedge* and VII. And be it further enabled. That the pofleflors of the tree* adjoin- land next adjoining to every highway (hall cut, prune, and plafti ing to high- their hedges, and alfo cut down or prune and lop the trees whom and in grow*ng >n,or near fuch hedges or other fences, (except thole what manner,trees planted for ornament or (helter, as aforefaid,) in fuch man-to be cut and ner that the highways (hall not be prejudiced by the (bade pruned. thereof refpe&ively, and that the fun and wind may not be excluded from fuen highway to the damage thereof; and that if fuch pofiefior (hall not, within ten days after notice given by the furveyor for that purpofe, cut, prune, and pla(h, (uch hedges, and cut down or prune and lop fuch tfees, in manner aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful for the furveyor, and he is hereby _ required, to make complaint thereof to fome juftice of the peace of the limit where fuch highway (hall be, who (hall fum-mon the pofleflbr of the faid lands to appear before the juftices at fome fpecial feffions for that limit, to anfwer to the (aid complaint; and if it (hall appear to the juftices, at fuch fpecial feffions, that fuch poffeflor had not complied with the requifites of this a<5t, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid juftices, upon hearing the furveyor and the poflefior of fuch land, or his agent, (or in default of his appearance, upon having due proof of the

Digitized by Google

1773-] A**110 dttirtu* terti0 Georgii III. c. 7?.	189

fervice of fuch fummons,) and confidcring the circumstances of the cafe, to order fuch hedges to be cut, plafhed, fend pruned, and fuch trees to be cut down, or pruned in fuch manner, as may beft anfwer the purpofes aforefaid; and if the pofleffor of fuch lands (hall not obey fuch order, within ten clays after it (hall have been made, and he (hall have had due notice thereof, he fhall forfeit the fum of two (hillings for every twenty-four feet in length of fuch hedge which (hall be fo negle&ed to be cut and pla(hed, and the turn of two (hillings for every tree which (hall be fo neglected to be cut down or pruned, and lopped ; and the furveyor, in cafe of fuch default made by the poflcflor,

(hall, and is hereby required to cut, prune, and plafli fuch hedges, and to cut down or prune and lop fuch trees, in the manner directed by fuch order; and fuch poileflbr (hall be charged with, and pay, over and above the faid penalties, the charges and expences of doing the fame ; or, in default thereof, fuch charges and expences (hSl be levied, together with the faid forfeitures, upon his or her goods and chattels, by warrant from a juftice of peace, in fuch manner as is authorifed for forfeitures incurred by virtue of this a<5h

VIII.	And be it further enaded. That ditches, drains, or occupiers of watercourfes, of a fufficient depth and breadth, for the keeping lands (hail all highways dry, and conveying the water from the fame, (hall make fuffici-be made, fcourea, deanfed, and kept open, and fuffident trunks, tunnels, plats, or bridges, (hall be tnade and laid where any watercourfe« cartways, horfeways, or footways, lead out of the (aid highways and lay fuffi-* into the lands or grounds adjoining thereto, by the occupier or cient trunks, occupiers of fuch lands or grounds; and every perfon or perfons Pj?”' ®r who (hall occupy any lands or grounds adjoining to, or lying £art. near fuch highway through which the water hath ufed to paw ways, &c. from the faid highway, (hall, and is hereby required, from time lwd out of to time, as often as occafion fhall be, to open, cleanfe, and fcour,

the ditches, watercourfes, or drains, for fuch water to pafs with- uc an 15 out obdru&ion ; and that every perfon making default in any of They (hall for-the matters or things aforefaid, after ten davs notice to him, for her, or them, given of the fame, by the (aid (urveyor, (hall, for offcncc ,0#* every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of ten (hillings.

IX.	And be it further enadted, That if any perfon or per- Perfons laying fons, (hall lay, in any highway, any (lone, timber, draw, dung, (tone, timer other matter, or in making, fcouring, or cleanfing the ditches her, ftraw, &c. or watercourfes, (hall permit the foil or earth, dug out of fuch waynor loU ditches, drains, or watercourfes, to remain in fuch highway, out of ditches, in fuch manner as to obftrudt or prejudice the feme, fot the &c. (hall, for fptce of five days after notice thereof given by the furveyor of *vcry °ffcnce» the highways ; every perfon or perfons offending in any of the fortcit ,0,# faid cafes, mail, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay4he fum

of ten (hillings.

X.	And be it further enadled, That if any done or timber. Stone, timber, or any hay, draw, dubble, or other matter, for the making of hay, ftraw, manure, or on any other pretence whatfoever, not tolerated by &c;fla,d

this a&, (hall be laid in any highway* within the didance of antrcoitht

fifteen

Digitized by v^ooQle

the adjacent lands may remove and difpofe of the fame to his own ufe.

lot.

Surveyors duty, on taking a view of the condition of

190	Anno decimo tertio Grorgii III. 0.78.	[1773.

highway, and fifteen feet from the centre thereof, and (hall not, within five not removed days after notice given by the furveyor, or fomc perfon aggrieved in 5 days after thereby, be removed, it (hall and may be lawful for the owner tTcowncrof w P°^ff°r of the lands adjacent, or any other perfon or perfons whomfoevcr, by order from fomc juftice of peace, to clear the faid highways, by removing the faid (lone, timber, hay, draw, dung, or other matter, and to have, take, and difpofe of the fame, to his'and their own ufe.

______________ XI.	Andy for preventing objlruftiom in the faid highways, be it

Obftru&ion in enaCtcd, That if any. perfon (hall wilfully fct, place, or leave, the highways any waggon, cart, or other carriage, or any plough or inftru-by carriages mcnt of hufbandry, in any of the faid highways, (except only

of husbandry* with refPe<^ to fuch waSg°n> carf> or carriage, during fuch u 2X1 ry* reafonable time as the fame (hall be loading or unloading, and Handing as near the fide of fuch highway as conveniently may makes the of. be), fo as to interrupt or hinder the free pafiage of any other fender forfeit carriage, or of his Majcfty’s fubjeds; every perfon fo offending (hall forfeit the futn of ten (hillings for every fuch offence.

XII.	And be it further enabled. That the Purveyors of the highways, to be appointed by virtue of this ad, (hall, at all fuch times and feafons as they (hall judge proper, view all the com-the highways, mon highways, trunks, tuiinels, plats, hedges, ditches, banks, &c. within the bridges, caufeways, and pavements, within thepari(h,town(hip, . or place, for which they maH be appointed Purveyors; and in cafe (knees ob"m* *key ^all °bferve any nuJTances, incroachments, obftruCUons, itrudtions, &c. or annoyances, made, committed, or permitted, in, upon, or *	* to the prejudice of them, or any of them, contrary to the di-

rections of this aCt, they (hall, from time to time, as foon as conveniently may be, give, or caufe to be given, to any perfon or perfons, doing, committing, or permitting the fame, per-fonal notice, or notice in writing, to be left at his, her, or their ufual place or places of abode, lpecifying the particulars where-If the offender in fuch nuifances, defaults, obftruCiions, or annoyances, con-does not re- fift . an<j jf fuch nuifances, obftrudions, or annoyances, (hall iTuiranceC &c. not amoved* and the ditches, drains, gutters, and water-after notice/ courfes aforefaid effectually made, fcoured, deanfed, and opened, and fuch trunks, tunnels, plats, and bridges, made and laid, and fuch hedges properly cut and pruned, within twenty days afrer fuch notice of the fame refpeCtively given as aforefaid, then the faid furveyors (hall be, and they are hereby fully au-thorifed and impowered, forthwith to remove fuch nuifances, obftruClions, or annoyances, and open, cleanfe, and fcour fuch ditches, gutters, and water-courfes, and make or amend fuch trunks, tunnels, plats, or bridges, and cut and prune fuch hedges, for the benefit and improvement of the faid highways, to the bed of their (kill and judgement, and according to the true intent and meaning of this aCl; and the perfon or perfons fo negleCling to make, or open and cleanfe fuch ditches, glitters, or watercourfes, or to cut or prune fuch hedges, during the time aforefaid, after fuch notice given, fhall forfeit, for ever-ry ifoot in length which (hall be fo negle&ed, the fum of one

penny*

the furveyor (hall do it.

Digitized by

C >gle

*773*] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c.78.	191

penny; and the faid furveyors (hall be reimburfed what charges and the often-and expences they (hall be at in removing fuch nuifances, ob- *“11 P ftru&ions, or annoyances, and making or opening, cleaning Jnereof!S** and (souring, fuch ditches, gutters, and watercourfes, and in making or amending fuch trunks, tunnels, plats, or bridges, and in cutting and pruning fuch hedges refpectively, by the perfon or perfons who ought to have done the fame, over and ' above the faid forfeiture $ and in cafe fuch perfon or perfons (hall, upon demand, refufe or negleft to pay the faid furveyor his charges and expences occafioned thereby refpe£tively, and alfo the faid forfeiture of one penny per foot, then the faid furveyor (hall apply to any juftice of the peace; and, upon making oath before him of notice being given to the defaulter in manner aforefaid, and of the faid work being done by fuch furveyor, and of the expences attending the fame, the faid furveyor (hail be repaid by fuch perfon or perfons all fuch his faid charges as (hall be allowed to be reafonable by the faid juftice; or, in default of payment thereof on demand, the fame (hall be levied in fuch manner as the penalties and forfeitures hereby inflicted are directed to be levied.

XIII.	Provided neverthelefs. That no perfon or perfons (hall Time* of cut* be compelled, nor any furveyor permitted, by virtue of this ad, ting hedge*, to cut or prune any hedge at any other time than between the

lift day of September and the laft day of March; and that nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to oblige any perfon or perfons to fell any timber trees growing in hedges lnd ^ fyi;ne at any time whatfoever, except where the highways mall be or- treej> &c. dered to be enlarged, as herein-after mentioned, or to cut down growing in or grub up any oak trees growing within fuch highway, or in the highway*, fuch hedges, except in the months of A, , or , or any a(h, elm, or other trees, in any other months than in the months of December,	January,	February, or March.

XIV.	And be it further enatfted, That where the ditches, gut- Where the old ten, or watercourfes, which have been ufually made, or which ditche*> *ut* are herein-before direded to be made, deanfed, and kept open, cwirfw aro^" (hall not be fuflkient to carry off the water which (hall lie upon infufficienr, and annoy the highways; that then, and in every fuch cafe, it

(hall and may be lawful for the faid furveyors, by the order of any one or more of the faid juftices, to make new ditches and new one* nay drains in and through the faid lands and grounds adjoining, or be made, lying near to, (bch highways, or in and through any other lands or grounds, if it (hall be neceffary, for the more eafy and effectually carrying off fuch water from the faid highways, and alfo to keep fuch ditches, gutters, or watercourfes, fcoured, cleanf-td, and opened; and the faid furveyors, and their workmen, are hereby authorifed to go upon the faid lands for the purpofes aforefaid: provided, that the faid furveyors make proper trunks, tunnels, plats, bridges, or arches, over fuch ditches, gutters, or watercourfes, where the fame (hall be neceffary, for the convenient ufe and enjoyment of the lands or grounds through Which the fame (hall be made, and, from time to time, keep

Digitized by

Google

i9*

Cartwayi to market towns are to be made ao feet wide,

and horfe-ways or driftways eight feet wide. Juftices may order narrow loads to be widened.

or diverted and turned.

Surveyors to agree with owners of lands for re* eompence ;

and if they cannot agree.

the fame may be affefled by ajary.

Anno decimo tertio GeorGii III. c-78.	[1773.

the fame in repair; and do alfo make fatisfa&ion to the owner or occupiers of fuch lands which are not wafte or common, for the damages which he, (he, or they, (hall fuftain thereby ; to be fettled and paid in fuch manner as the damages for getting materials in feveral or inclofed lands or grounds are hereafter directed to be fettled and paid.

XV.	And be it further enaded, That the faid furveyors of the highways (hall, and'they are hereby required to make, fup-port, and maintain, or caufe to be made, fupported, and maintained, every publick cartway leading to any market town, twenty feet wide at the lead; and every publick horfeway or driftway, eight feet wide at the lead, if the ground between the fences inclofing the fame will admit thereof*

XVI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That where it (hall appear, upon the view of any two or more of the faid juftices of the peace, that the ground or foil of any highway between the fences thereof is not of fufficient breadth, and may be conveniently widened and enlarged, or that the fame cannot be conveniently enlarged, and made commodious for travellers, without diverting and turning the lame; fuch judices (hall, and they are hereby impowered, within their refpedive juriidi&ions, to order fuch highways refpe&ively to be widened and enlarged, or diverted and turned, in fuch manner as they (hall think fit, io that the faid highways, when enlarged and diverted, (hall not exceed thirty feet in breadth; and that neither of the faid powers do extend to pull down any houfe or building, or to take away the ground of any garden, park, paddock, court, or yard ; and for the fatisfa&ion of the perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, who are fei/ed or poffeffed of, or interefted in their own right, or in truft for any other perfon or perfons, in the faid ground that (hall be laid into the faid highways refpedhve-ly, fo to be enlarged, or through which fuch highway, fo to be diverted and turned, (hall go, the faid furveyor, under the direction, and with the approbation of the faid juftices, (hall, and is hereby impowered to make an agreement with him, her, or them, for the recompence to be made for fuch ground, and for the making fuch new ditches and fences as (hall be necefia-ry, according and in proportion to their feveral and refpe&ivo interefts therein, and alfo with any other perfon or perlbns, bodies politick or Corporate, that may be injured by the enlarging, altering, or diverting fuch highways refpe&ively, for the fatisfadion to be made to him, her, or them refpedively, as aforefaid: and if the faid furveyor, under the dire&ion, and with the approbation, of the (aid juftices, cannot agree with the faid perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, or if he, (he, or they, cannot be found, or (hall refufe to treat, or take fuch recompence or fatisfadion as (hall be offered to them refpe&ive-ly by fuch furveyor; then the juftices of the peace, at any general Quarter feuions to be holden for the limit wherein fuch ground (hall lie, upon certificate in writing, figned by the juftices making fuch view as aforefaid, of their proceedings in the

j>re-

Digitized by LjOOQle

1773-] Anno decuno tertio GfioRGil III. C. 7	193

pfemifes, and upon proof of fourteen days notice in writing laving been given by the furveyor of fuch parifh, townfhip, br place, to the owner, occupier, dr other perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, intdrerted in fuch ground, dr to his, her, or their guardian'; truftee, clerk, or agent, fignifying an intention to apply to fuch quarter feflions for the purpofe of tak- at the quarter ing fuch ground, (hall impanel a jury of twelve difinterefted feffion** met! out of the perfons returned to ferve as jurymen at fucH quarter feflions; and tfae faid jury (hall, upon their Oaths, to the bed Of their judgement, aflefs the damages to be given, and recommence to be made, to the owners and others interefted a aforefaid in the faid ground, for their refpedlive interefts, as they (hall think reafonable, not exceeding forty years purchafe for the dear yearly value of the ground fo laid out, and likewife filch rodotnpenCe. as they (hall think reafonable, for the making ef-new- ditches and fences on the fide or Tides of the faid high-wvp'&at (hall be fo enlarged or diverted, and alfo fatisfadtion totfiVperfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, that may beOCDCFwife injured by the enlarging or diverting the faid highways pefpedively r ana, upon payment or tender of the money on payment firfirte awarded and afleffed to the perfon or perfons, bodies of money af-pditick or corporate, intitled to receive the fame, or leaving it fefled. ground m the hands of the clerk of the peace of fuch limit, in cafe fuch perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, cannot be found, highway, or (hall refufe to accept the feme, for the ufe of the owner of, or others interefted in, the faid ground, the intereft of the faid perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, in the feid ground, (hall be' for ever diverted out of them, and the faid ground, after fuch agreement or verdidt as aforefaid, (hall be (deemed and taken to be a publick highway, to all intents and porpofcs whatsoever; faVing neverthelefs to the owner or owners of fnch ground all mines, minerals, and foflils, lying under the feme, which can or may be got without breaking the fur-face of the faid highway; and alfo all timber and wood growing upon fuch ground, to be fallen and taken by rtich owner or owners within one month after fuch order (hall have been made, or in default thereof, to be fallen by the feid furveyor or furvey-ors, within the refpedlive month aforefaid, and laid upon the fend adjoining, for the benefit of the faid owner or owners: and where there (ball not appear fufikient money in the hands of Where there the furveyor or furveyors, for the purpofes aforefaid, then the It not money feid two jurtices, in cafe of agreement, or the faid court of fufficienc, ai-quarter feflions, after fuch verdidt as aforefaid, (hall order an £flmenrsiriay equal afleflfment to be made, levied, and-colieAed, upon all and J^roftSe every the oocupiers of lands, tenements, woods, tithes, and jufticetat hereditaments, in the refpedlive parities, townfhips, or places, their quarter where fuch highways (hall lie, and diredl the money to be paidfeffiont, to the perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, fo interefted, in fuch manner as the feid jjufticeV, or court of quarter feflions refpedtively, (hall diredt and appoint: and the money* thereby raifed (hall be employed and accounted for, according V01.XXX.	O	tw

f9*

not exceeding 6 d. in the pound.

Old highway and foil may be fold by the iurveyor,

fut)je6l to ancient right of way and paflage.

Mines and minerals reserved to the owne/s.

Colts of proceedings by whom payable* •

Anno decimo tertio GpoRGil IJJ. c*^8*v tp the order and dire&ion of the faid jufiiccs, or court of quarter feflions r^fpectively, for and towards the purebafing the Jand to enlarge or divert the faid highways, and for the roakin& the feid‘ditches and fences, and alfo iatisfadlion for the damage* jfhftained thereby ; and the laid aflefliqent, if not paid within ten days after demand, (hall, by order of the laid ju&ice?, or court of quarter feflions refpe&ively, be levied by the (kid fuf-veyor, in the manner herein-after mentioned: prpyided* that no fuch afleflment to be made in any one year (hall exceed the rate of fixpence in the pound of the yearly value of the lands* tenements, woods, tithe?, and hereditaments, fo affefled. v

XVII.	And be it further ena&ed, That when any fuch MW highways (hall be made as aforefaid, the old highway (hall be flopped qp, and the fend and foil thereof (hall be fold by the (aid furveyor, with the approbation of t|ie (aid juftictfe to foot* perfon or pprfons whofe lands adjoin thereto, if he, (he, or they, (hall be willing to purchafe the fame, jf ppt, tq fome other per* fon or perfons, for the full value thereof; ,hqt if fiich old road (hall lead to any lands, hpufe, or place, which carUWH in the opinion of fuph jufiiccs refoedlivqly be ac^mn^odtltod.wilkw convenient way and paflage from fuch new highway* w6kb »qi are hereby apthprifed to order and lay out, if they find it non ceflary i then, and in fuch cafe, the faid old highway (hall only be fold fubjeeft to the right of way and paflage to fucb land?, houfe, or place refppdlively, according to the ancient ufego in that refpedl; and the money arifing from fuch fele, in either of the faid cafes, (hall be ^ppjied towards the. purchafe of the Jand where fuch new highway fli^ll be made: and upon payment or tender of the money fp to be agreed for as. aforefaid, and upon ^ certificate being (ignifd W l^ie &id two juftices, or by the chairman of the faid coprt.of quarter-feflions, in cafe the fame (hall be determined there*, deferibing the lauds fo fold, and expreiT-ing the fum fo agreed for, and dirc&ing to whom the feme (hall be paid; and upon the purchafer’s taking a receipt fqr fuch pur-chafe-money from tfye perfon infilled tq feseiYe the feme, by an irndorfement on the back, of fuch certificate, the foil of fuch old highway (hall become veiled ip futh purefiafer and his heirs; but all mjnes^ minerals, and fQflils, lying under the feme* (hall continue to be the property.qf the perfiqp orperfqns who would frorp titrie to tipipte have been intitled to fchp feme, if fuch old highway had continued there.	--c.	:

.XVuf. And be it further enabled, That ip cafe fuch jury (hall give in and deliver a yerdidl for more monies, as a recoin-pence for the. right, ihte^eft, or property* of any perfon or per-* (bus, bodies politick or cprppr^te, in (uch lands or grounds, or for the making fuch fence, or for fuch damage or injury to be fuftained by him, bqr, or ihfloa, refpe&iyjely, aa aforefaid, than what (hall have been propofed ajid; offend by ^he faid furweyor, before fuch application to the faid court of quarter-fefiion^,. as aforefaid 4 tfiat then,, aqd-ift fecheafe, the,cQft$~jmd expences attending the faid feveral‘proceedings (hall be botneaud paid by

the

Digitized by v^ooQle

*573-1 AntiO dedmo tfcrtio GfcoRGit IM. c. ?8.	195

the furveyor of the faid highway, out of the monies in his or ^ their hands, or to be affefled and levied by virtue and under the powers of this aeft $ but if fuch jury (hall give and deliver a verdict for no more, or for lefs monies than (hall have been fo offered and propofed by the faid furveyor, before fuch application to the faid court of quarter feflions } that then the faid cofts and* expences fhall be borne and paid by the perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, who fhall have refufed to accept the recompencc and fatisfaftion fo offered to him, her, or them, as	!

aforefaid.

XIX.	And be it further ena&ed, That when it fhall appear, highways upon the view of any two or more of the faid juftices of the bridleways, peace, that any publick highway, not in the fituation herein- and footway?, before deferibed, or publick bridle-way, or foot-way, may be IJ,ayhl>c•t^^.nc<, diverted, fo as to make the fame nearer or more commodious ^theirfreest to the publick, and the owner or owners of the lands and feflions, with grounds through which fuch new high-way, bridle-way, or the confent of foot-way, is propofed to be made, fhall confent thereto, by thc owners ot writing under his or their hand and feal, or hands and feals, it theyarenearer fhall and may be lawful, by order of fuch juftices, at fome fpe- ormore con-cial feflions, to divert and turn, and to flop up fuch foot-way, venientto the and to divert, turn, and flop up, and inclofe, fell, and difpofe publick, and of fuch old highway or bridle-way, and to purchafe the ground ^aybe^flop* and foil for fuch new high-way, bridle-way, or foot-way, bypedupand* fuch ways and means, and fubjeeft to fuch exceptions and con- mclofed. ditions, in all refpe&s, as herein-beforc mentioned with regard to highways to be widened or diverted; and where any fuch highway, bridleway, or footway, herein laft before deferibed, fhall be fo ordered to be flopped up or inclofed, and fuch new highway, bridleway, or footway, fet out and appropriated in lieu thereof, as aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons injured or aggrieved by any fuch order or proceeding, or by the inclofure of any road or highway, by virtue of any inquifition taken upon any writ of Ad quod damnum, to Appealmaybe make his or their complaint thereof, by appeal to the juftices made to the; of the peace at the next general quarter feflions, which (hall be puarter fef- . holden within the limit where the fame (hall lie, after fuch or- ce^n^by ( .r made or proceeding had, as aforefaid, upon giving ten days writ of Ad 1 notice in writing of fuch appeal to the furveyor and party in- quod damnum, terefted in fuch inclofure, if there (hall be fufficient time for that or other*iie; purpofe; if not, fuch appeal may be made upon the like notice to the next fubfequent quarter feflions of the peace, which courts of quarter fefiions are hereby refpeeftively authorifed and impow-ered to hear and finally determine fuch appeal; and if no fuch appeal be made, or, being made, fuch order and proceedings lhall be confirmed by the faid court, the faid inclofures may be made, and the faid ways flopped, and the proceedings thereupon (hall be binding and conclusive to all perfons whomfoever; and the new highway, bridleway, or footway, fo to be appropriated and fet out, (hall be, and for ever after continue, a pub-Jick highway, bridleway, or footway, to ail intents and purpo-.	0	2	*	fes

No fuch in-clofures to be made until the new highways, &c. (hall be com pleated,

and certificate thereof returned to the clerk of the peace.

Concerning thofe which have been turned above 3 % months and no profe-cution commenced.

. In.whit cafes,, and in what nianner, and upon w' at terms, the old highways, 01* the lands lying between the fences in-dofing the fame, (hall be diipofed of.

Anno dccimo terrio Georgii III. C. 78.	[177

fes whatfoever; but no inclofures of fuch old highways or bridleway; or (loppage of fuch footway, (hall be made, until fuch new highways, bridleway, or footway, (hall be compleated, and put into good condition and repair, and fo certified by two ju-ftices of the peace, upon view thereof; which certificate (hall be returned to the clerk of the peace, and by him inrolled amongft the records of thefaid court of quarter idfions; but from and after fuch certificate, fuch old highways, bridleway, or footway, (hall and may be (lopped up, and the foil of fiich old highways or bridleway fold, in the manner, and fubjeCt to the rcferva*-tions and reftriAions herein-before mentioned with refpedt to highways to be enlarged or diverted by virtue of this aftr tod ^where any highway, bridleway, or footway, hath been diverted and turned above twelve months, either from neceflity, where the fame have been deffroyed by floods, or flips of the ground on which they were made, or from other caufes and motived, if new highways, bridleways, or footways, have been made ita lieu thereof, nearer or more commodious to the publick, and the fame have been acquiefced in, and no fuit or profccutkm hath been commenced tor the diverting or turning! the fame^ every new highway, bridleway, or footway, fct out and ufed in the place of that fo diverted and turned, (hall from henceforth be the public highway, bridleway, or footway, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever; and all perfons liable to the repair of toy iuch old highways, bridleway, or footway, fo diverted and turned, of to be diverted and turned, as aforefaid, (hall, in the fame manner, be and continue liable to the repair of fuch new highways, bridleway, or footway, except where any agreement (hall have been made relative to fuch repairs, between the parties in-terefted therein, which hath laid the burthen thereof, or of any part thereof, upon any other perfon or perfons in which cafe the fame (hall be obferved.

XX.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enaAed, That no common land, lying between the fences of any old highway to be (lopped up or inclofed by virtue of this afl (hall be inclofed, and where the land lying between the fences of fuch highway, not being common land, (hall, upon a medium, exceed thirty feet in breadth, and not extend to fifty feet in breadth, the fame (hall not be (lopped up or inclofed, until farisfaAion (hall be made to the owner of fuch land, for fo much thereof as (hall exceed the faid breadth of thirty feet; and if the parties cannot agree in the fatisfaAion fo to be made, the fame (hall be adjufted by the faid juftices, or the jury, if a jury (hall be impanelled-, and if the land between the fences inclofing fuch highways, not being eotrt-xnon land, (hall exceed fiftyfeet in breadth upon a medium, dr if the faid old road, fo to be diverted or turned (hall lie through the open field or ground belonging to any particular perfon dr perfons, fuch perfon or perfons, and alfo the perfoft or perforts intitled to the land between the fences on the fide of fuch highway, (hall refpecKvcly hold and enjoy the land and foil of fufeh old highway, and pay to the furveydr, for the ufe Of the higb-

- v	ways*

Digitized by

GoO£ 2

*773*] Anno decimo teijio GeorGII III. c. 78,	i£jr

ways, fo much money as (hall be agreed upon between the par-ties ; or if they cannot agree, fo much as (hall be deemed and adjudged by the laid judices, or jury, if fuch jury (hall be impanelled, as aforefaid, to be adequate to the purchafe of it, eftimating fuch highway at thirty feet in breadth, upon an average.

XXI.	And be it further enafied. That where any footway when old (hall be diverted by virtue of this a6t through the land belong- footways are ing to the fame perfon who owned the land through which fuch flopped up, old footway lay, the fame (hall he adjudged and deemed an ex- *n/jnew °.nci change only, and no (atisfadlion or compenfation (hall be made, wht^manner unlefs the land to be ufcd for fuch new footway (hall be of the owners of greater length, and of greater value, than the land ufed for (uch the lands ftiall old footway; and where the faid footway (hall not be turned and re-through the lands belonging to the fame perfon, the damage faftion?'*" pccauoned by fuch old footway to the lands through which it

lay, if the parties interested (hall not agree in .adjuring the fame, (hall be adjudged by two indifferent perfons, the one to be named by the owner of the land, and the other by the faid two juftices; and if the perfons fo to be nominated cannot agree therein, they (hall chufe fome third perfon to adjudge the fame, whofe determination (hall be final; and the money at which fuch damages (hall be aflefied (hall be applied in making fatis-fa&ion to the owner or owners of the land through Which fuch new footway (hall be made.

XXII.	And be it further enadled, That if in any parifh, town- Juftices to or-(hip, or place, where any highway (hall be diverted and turned der unnecef-by virtue of this a<5t, it (hall appear to the juftices who are here- faTj

by aufborifed to view or inquire into the fame, that there are oppc other highways within fuch parilh, townlhip, or place, befides that fo to be diverted and turned, which may, without inconvenience to the publick, be diverted into fuch new highway hereby authorifed to be made, or into any other highway or . highways within fuch parifh, townlhip, or place, and the charge of repairing fuch highway or highways may be thereby faved to fuch parilh, townlhip, or place, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch juftices to order fuch highway or highways, which (bill appear to them unneceffary, to be (lopped up, and the foil thereof fold, in fuch manner, and fubjedl to fuch reftridlions, and fuch right of appeal to the party or parties aggrieved thereby, as are herpin-before refpeilively diredled and given concerning the highways, to be flopped up or inclofed.

XXIII.	And bp it further eqadled. That every furveyor (hall juft;ccs on jn.

and m^y, from time to time, give information upon oath to the formation pf faid juftices, or any two or more of them, of all fuch highways, furveyor, may and of all bridges, caufeways, pr pavements, upon fuch high-	^

ways, as are out of repair, and ought to be repaired by any ^repairer! by perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, by reafon of any tenure, See. to grant, tenure, limitation, or appointment, of any charitabfe he repaired gift, or otherwife howfoever; and the faid juftices (hall limit a 'vUip" a lime fo* repairing (he fame, of which notice (hall be given bv mlU time*

03	the

j$8	Anno	dccimo	tcrdo Georoii III. C. 78. [1773,

ftie faid furveyor to the occupier or occupier of the lands or te*-nements liable to the burthen of fuch repairs, or to fuch other perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, as are chargeable .	with the fame 5 and if fuch repairs (hall not be effectually made

paired'within w^hrn the time fo limited, the faid juftices (hall, and are here-that time, may by required to prefent fuch highways, bridges, caufeways, or prefcut them* pavements, fo out of repair, together with the perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, liable to repair the fame, at the next general quarter feffions of the peace for the limit wherein fuch highway (hall lie, and the juftices at fuch quarter fefc ftons may, if they (be juft caufe, direeft the profecuticm to be carried on at the general expence of fuch limits and to be paid Cut of the general rates within the fame, of XXIV. And be it further enafted, That every juftice of af-a/Tize and of fize> juftices of the counties palatine of Cbejler, L,ancajler, and to makcCpi^ purhamy and of the great feflions in Waleiy (hall-have author!-fentments of ty by this ftatute, upon his or their own View, and every jq-highway#, &c. (lice of the peace, either upon bis own view, or upon informant of repair. tion upon path to him given by any furveyor of the highways, ' to make presentment, at their refpeCtive aflizes or great feflions, or in the open general quarter feflions, of fuch refpeCtive limit of any highway, caufeway, or bridge, not well and fufficiently repaired and amended, or of any other default or offence com? blitted and done contrary to the provifion and intent of this ftatute ; and that all defects in the repair thereof (hall be pre-iented in fuch jurisdiction where the fame do lie, and not elfe-where; and that no fuch prefentment, noY any indictment for pny fuch default or offence, (hall be removed by Certiorari’, or other wife, Out of fuch jurifdiCtion, till fuch indiClment or prefentment be traverfed, and judgement thereupon given, except where the dury or obligation of repairing the faid highways, caufeways, or bridges, may come in question \ and that every fuch prefentment made by any fuch juftice of aflize, counties palatine, great feflions, or of the peace, upon his own view, or upon fuch information having been given to fuch iuftice of the peace, upon the oath of fuch furveyor of the highways, as a-forefaid, (hall be as gopd, and of the fame force, ftrength, and pffeCI, in the lave, as if the fame had been prefented and found by the oaths of twelve men ; and that for every fuch default or pffence fo prefented, as aforefaid, the juftices of aflize, counties palatine, and great feflions, at their refpeClive courts, and the juftices of the peace, at their general quarter feflions, (hall have authority to aflefs fuch fines as* to them (hall be thought meet: faving to every perfon and perfons that (hall be affeCted by any fuch prefentment, his, her, or their lawful traverfe to the fame prefentment, as well with refyeCt to the faft of nonrepair as to the duty or obligation of repairing the faid highways, as they might have had upon any indiClment of the fame, prefented and found by a grand jury ; and the jufticCs of the peace, at their general quarter feflions, or the major part of them, may, if they fee juft caufe, direft the ©rofecqtions upoq

^	furh

Google

*773*] Ann6 tfecimo tertio Georoii III. c. 7?.	199.

fach preferments as fhall be made at the quarter feffions as a-forcfaid, to be catried on at the general expdnce of fuch limit,

•Ad to be paid out of the general rates within the fame.

XXV. And be it further enafted, That the faid juftices of Juftices may the peace, at any fpecial fefiioris to be held by virtue of this aft, ^hw^lhall may* by writing tinder their hands ahd fcafs, order and ap- blffirft re- 1 point thofe highways, (not being turnpike road), which in their paired, opinion do moft want repair within their jurifdiftion, to be firft amended, and at what time, and in what manner, the fam6 (hall be amended ; according to Which order, if fuch there be, all and Angular the refpeftive furveyors of the faid highways ard hereby required td proceed within their refpeftive liberties.

XxVI. And, for the better convenience of travellers, where five- Direction ral highways meet, be it further enafted, That the faid juftices, polti where at fome fpecial feffions to be held for the purpofes of this aft,	10	**

fhall ifltie their precept to the furveyor of the highways for any crc* *“• parifh, townfhip, or place, where feveral highways meet, and there is no proper or fufficient direftion poft, or ftone, already fixed or erefted, requiring him forthwith to caufe to be crefted or fixed, in the moft convenient place where fuch ways meet, a ftone or poft, with inferiptions thereon, in large legible letters, painted on each fide thereof, containing the name or names of the next market town or-towns, or other confiderable place or places, to which the faid highways refpeftively lead $ and alfo at the feveral approaches or entrances to fuch parts of any highways as are fubjeft to deep or dangerous floods, graduated (tones or ports, denoting the depth of water in the deepeft part of the fame, and likewife fuch direftion ports or (tones, as the faid juftices (hall judge to be neceflary, for the guiding of tra-Tellers in the beft and fafeft traft through the faid floods or waters ; and the faid furveyor (hall be reimburfed the expences of providing and erefting the fame refpeftively out of the monies which fhall be received by him or them, purfuant to the directions of this aft; and in cafe any furveyors (hall, by the fpacb of three months after fuch precept to him direfted and delivered, negleft or refufe to caufe fuch (tones or ports to be fixed, as a-forefaid, every fuch offender (hall forfeit the fum of twenty (hillings.

XXVn. And, for the better repairing, and beeping in repair. Materials the faid highways, and providing of materials for that purpefi, be where and in it enafted. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for every fur-veyor, to be appointed as aforefaid, to take and carry awav, or forveyors* y caufe to be taken and carried away, fo much of the rubbffn or refufe (tones, of any quarry or quarries, lying and being within the pari(h, townfhip, or place, where he (hall be furveyor,

(except fuch as (hall have been got by the furveyor of any turnpike road), without the licence of the owner or owners of fuch quarries, as they (hall judge neceflary, for the amendment of the faid highways, but not to dig or get ftone in fuch quarry without leave of the owner thereof; and alfo that it fhall and tnay be lawful for every fuch furveyor, for the ufe aforefaid, in

Q 4

Digitized by v^,ooQle

*oo	Anno	decimo	tcrtlo	Georgii	III.	c.	78.	[1773*

pny wafte land or common ground,, river, or brook, within thm parifh, townfhip, or place, for which he (hall be furveyor, or within any other parifh, townfhij), or place, wherein gravel* (and, chalk, (tone, or other materials are refpedtively likely to be found,v(in cafe fufticient cannot be conveniently had within the parifh, townfhip, or place, where the fame are to be employed, and fufficient Xhall be left for the ufe of the roids in fuel* other parifh, townfhip, or place), to fearch for, dig, >gct, and carry away the fame, fo that the faid furveyor doth not thereby divert or interrupt the courfe of fuch river or brook, or prejudice or damage any building, highway, or ford, nor dig or get the fame out of any river or brook within the difiance of one hundred feet above or below any bridge, nor within the like diftance of any dam or wear ; and likewife to gather (tones lying upon any lands or grounds within the parifh, townfhip* or place, where fuch highway fhall be, for fuch fervice and purpose, and to take and carry away fo much of the faid materials ?s by the diferetion of the faid furveyor fhall be thought necef-fary to be employed in the amendment of the faid highways, withoutmak- without making any fatisfadion for the laid materials, but fa-tion *atlS aC~ tisfadlion fhall be made for all damages done to the lands or but fatitfac- grounds of any perfon or perfons, by carrying away the lame, tipn to be In the manner herein-after directed for getting and carrying ma-made for da- jterials in inclofed lands or grounds; but no fuch ftones fhall be >mges done, gathered without the confent of the occupier of fuch lands or theni	gr°unds*	or a licence from a juftice of peace for that purpofe,

after having fumiponed fuph occupier to come before him, and heard his reafons, if he fhall appear and give any, for refuting his confent.

Not to extend JCXVIII. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the to ftones authority afprefaid, That nothing in this a6l contained, relative the°fea	^ie	8a^r*ng or getting °f ftoncs,. fhall extend to any quan-

Bcach*** * Jity of land, (being private property), covered with (tones thrown up by the fea, commonly called Beach.

Jf fufficicnt X3CIX. And be it further enabled, That it fhall and may be materials can* lawful for every fuch furveyor, for the ufe ^forefaid, to fearch pot be found f0r, dio, and get (and, gravel, chalk, ftone, or other materials, lands &c	*|C ^u®cient c*0001 conveniently be had within fuch wafte lands,

9 f	common grounds, rivers, or brooks, in and through any of the

feveral or inclofed lands or grounds of any perfon or perfons whomfoever, within the parifh, townfhip, or place, where the * fame fhall be wanted, or by licence from two jufticp$ of the the furveyor peace, at a fpecial feflions within any other parifh, townfhip, of may take place, adjpining or lying near to the highway for which fqch lewaloMn- tpaterials (hall be required, if k fhall appear to fuch juftic^s that plofed lands fufticient materials cannot be conveniently had in the parifh, pr grounds, townfhip, or place, where fuch highways lie, of in the wafte lands, or common grounds, rivers, or brooks, of fuch adjacent parifh, tovynfliip, or place, and that a fufticient quantity of materials will be left for the ufe of the parifh, townfhip, or place, where the fame fli^U be, (fuel* lands or grgupd^ nof being a

garden,

Digitized by LjOoq le

1773•] Anno^Uno terdo Georgii HI. g. 7®*	lot

garden, yard, avenue to a houfe, lawn, park, paddock, or in-clofed plantation), and to take and carry away fo much of the faid materials as by the diferetion of the faid furveyor (hall be thought neoeflhry to be employed in the amendment of the faid highways; the laid ’furveyor making fuch fatisfia&ion for damage to be done to fuch lands or grounds by the getting and foaioifto the carrying away the fame, as (hall be agreed upon between 'him owners, and the owner, occupier, or other perfoa interefted. ip fuch lands or ground refpe&ively, in the prefence and with the approbation of two or more fubftantial inhabitants of fuch parifh, townlhip, or place; and in cafe they cannot agree, then fuch wbat m iadsfaftion and recompence (hall be fettled and afeertained by ncr fatisfac- * order of one or more juftice or juftices of the peace of the limit tion is to be where fuch land or ground (hall lie: and in fuch places, where, fettled, from the want of other materials, burnt clay may be fubftituted in the place thereof, it (hall and may be lawful for the furveyor ^	^

to dig clay in fuch places as he is hereby authorifed to dig chalk got and burnt or gravel, and to dry the fame upon the lands adjoining, and to into materials bum the fame upon any wafte lands or common grounds, and for repairing to carry fuch clay in fuch manner as other materials are allow- the highways, ed to be carried by this alt, upon making fuch fau?fe£tipn for the damages within the feveral inclofed lands or grounds where fucb clay (hall be placed or carried, as herein direded with regard to other materials: provided, that when the owner of any . fuch inclofed lands (hall have occafion for any fuch materials lying within the fame, for the repair of any highway, 9r other roads or ways upon his eftate, or which he (hall be under obligation to repair, and (hall give notice to fuch furveyor that he apprehends there will not be fufficient for thofe purpofes, and alfo for the ufe of the publick highways; then, .and in every fuch cafe, the furveyor (hall not be permitted to dig or to take fuch materials without the confent of fuch owner, or an order of two juftices of the peace, after having fummoned and heard the faid owner or occupier, or his fteward or agent; which juftices are hereby authorifed to inquire into the nature and cir-cumftances of the cafe, and to permit or reftrain fuch pow«r, in fuch manner, and under fuch directions, as to them (hall feem juft.

XXX.	And whenas in fame pariJbiSy townjhips, or places, there Expence* in-may not he fufficient materials for the repair of the highways within curred for the fame, nor within the'wafte lands, common grounds, rivers, or having mate-brooks, of any other parijb, townjbip, or place, lying within a con- j^ilhiSioS for venient dijlance from fucb highway, by reafon whereof the furveyor damage*, &c. of fucb highway may be forced to buy fuch materials, and to make recompence and fatisfaftion to the owner or occupier of inclofed lands for damage which may be done by getting and tarrying thereof: and whereas no provifion is made for raifing a fund to rtimburfe the ex-pences thereof and alfo fucb expences as the faid furveyors may incur, by erefling guide-pojh, or otbfrpojls or Jlones, and by making pr repairing fucb trunks, tunnels, plats, fridges, or arches, as afrefaid,	(	.

end by rendering fatisfaftion for damagesdone to lands by the making

°f

Digitized by

Google

fpecial fef-fions^may be raifed by an afleflmcar.

iol	Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. ?1S.	[	1773.

of mtv ditches or drains, nor for the fahry to be paid by fitch pari/b9 town/bip, or plate, to fuch furveyor as aforefindr\ be it therefore on application ena&ed, That upon application by fuch furveyor to the juftices to iuihces* at 0f ifo peace, at their fpecial fefftons, and qath made tA the fum or fu<n6 of money which he hath bona fide laid out and expended, or which will be required for the purpofes aforefaid, the (aid juftices, or aity two or more of them, (hall, and they are hereby impowered, by warrant under their hands and feals, to caufe an equal afieffment to be made for the. purpofes aforefaid, upon all occupiers of lands, tenements,woods, tithes, and hereditaments, within fuch parith, townfhip, or place, where fuch money (hall be fo expended or laid out; and the fame (hall be made and collected by fuch perfon or perfons, and allowed in fuch manner, as the raid juftices, by their order at fuch fcflions, (hall dire& and appoint in that behalf; and the money thereby raifed (haH be employed and accounted for, according to the direction of the faid juftices, for the purpofes aforefaid; and the (aid afleflhient (hall be levied in fuch manner as herein-after mentioned: provided neverthelcfs. That no fuch aflcflinent to be made for thofe or any of thefe purpofes, in any one year, not exceeding cxcce<* rate <*f nxpence in the pound, of the yearly va-6d. in the B hie of the landfc, tenements, woods, tithes, and hereditaments, pound. fo to be atiefled.

If pit* or holes XXXB. And be it further enaCted, That if any furveyor, or are made in perfon employed by him, (hall , by reafon of the fearching for, getting mate- digging, or getting any gravel, fond, (tones, chalk, day, or rials, ^ other materials for repairing any highways, make, or caufe to caufe them to	atiypit	or hole in any fuch lands or grounds, rivers

be filled up or or brooks, as aforefaid, wherein fuch materials (hall be found, fenced off, fuch furveyor, perfon or perfons, (hall forthwith caufe the fame to be fufficiently fenced off, and fuch fence fupported and repaired, during fuch time as the faid pit or hole (hall continue open, and (hell, within three days after fuch pit or hole (hall be opened dr made where no gravel, (tones, or materials, (hall be found, caufe the fame to be forthwith filled up, levelled, and covered with the turf or clod which was dug out of the fame; and where any fuch materials (hall be found, within fourteen days after having dug up fufficient materials in fuch pit or hole, caufe the fome to be filled up, (loped down, or fenced off, and fo continued; and every furveyor (hall, within twenty days after he (hall be appointed to that office, caufe all the faid pits and boles which (Hall then be open, and not likely to be further ufc-ful, to be filled up or (loped down, in manner aforefaid ; and if they are likely to be further ufeful, he (hall fecure the famo by ports and rails, or other fences, to prevent accidents to perfons or cattle; and in cafe fuch (brveyor, perfon or perfons* (hall rteglecV to fill up, (lope down, or fence off, fuch pit or •r for ft it 10$.	*n m*nrter and within the time aforefeid, he or they (haH

tor every neg- forfeit the fum of ten (hillings‘for every fuch default; and in cafe ha |	fuch furveyor, perfon or perfons, (hall neglecft to fence off fuch

, pit or hole*, or to flbpe down the fame, as hereia-before diredb-

ed*

Digitized by Google

1773-] Aaiio decimo tertio Georoii III. c.78.

ed, for tho fpace of fix days after he or they fhali havie received notice for either of thofe purpofes from any juftice of the peace, or from the owner or occupier of fuch feveral ground, river, or brook, or any peribn having right of common within fuch com* mon or wafte lands, as aforefaid, and fuch neglect and notice lhall be proved upon oath before one or more of the faid juftices of the peace, fuch furveyor, perfon or perfons, fhali forfeit and pay any fum not exceeding ten pounds, nor leis than forty Ihil-lings, for every fuch negle£t; to be determined and adjudged by fuch juftice or juftices, and to be laid out and applied in the fencing off, filling up, or Hoping down, fuch pit or hole, and toward the repair of the roads in the parifh, townfhip, or place, where the offence (hall be committed, in fuch manner as the faid juftice or juftices (hall diredt and appoint j which forfeiture, in cafe the fame be not forthwith paid, (hall be levied as other ferfeitures are herein-after directed to be levied.

XXXII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That no ftone, gravel, or materials, to be dug for the ufe of any other parifh, townlhip, or place, than that wherein the fame are found, (hall be removed or carried from the place where they (haft be fo dug at any other time than between the firft day of April and the firft day of November, or in the time of hard froft in the winter feafon.

XXXIII.	And be it further enabled, That if any perfon (hall dig, or caufe to be dug, materials for the highways, contrary to the diredtion of this adt, whereby any bridge, mill, building, dam, highway, ford, mines, or tin-works, may be damaged or endangered j every offender therein (hall forfeit, for every fuch offence, any fum not exceeding five pounds, nor lefs than twenty (hillings, at the diferetion of the court of juftices before whom complaint thereof (hall be made.

XXXIV.	And be it further enadted, That the faid furveyor, to be appointed as aforefaid, together with the inhabitants and occupiers of lands, tenements, woods, tithes, and hereditaments, within each parifh, townfhip, or place, (hall, at proper feafons in every year, ufe their endeavours for the repair of the highways, and (hall be chargeable thereunto, as followed; that is to fay, every perfon keeping a waggon, cfert, wain, plough, or tumbrel, and three or more horfes or beafts of draught ufed to draw the fame, (hall be deemed to keep a team, draught, or plough, and be liable to perform ftatute-duty, with the fame, irr the pari(h, townfhip, or place, where he refides, and (hall, fix days in every year, (if fo many days (hall be found neceffary,) to be computed from Michaelmas to Michaelmas, fend on every day, and at every place, to be appointed by the furveyor for the amending the highways in fuch parifh, townfhip, or place, one wain, cart, or carriage, furnifhed after the ciifton\of the coun-? try, with oxen, horfes, or other cattle, and all other fteceflaries fit to carry things for that purpofe, and alfo two ablelfftn with foch wain, cart, or carriage; Which duty fo perforfood (hall egeufe every fuch perfon from his duty in fuch parilhj taftnfhip*

y Google Qt

303

and for every negleft after notice given.

a fum not exceeding xol. nor leii than 40 s.

Materials dug for the ufe of any other pa-rim to be removed in fummer or hard froft.

Perfons damaging mills, buildings, dams, £c. by digging materials, forfeit not exceed-ing <1. nor lefs than aos.

Statute-duty,

in refpeft of keeping a team or occupying lands*

Digitized by *

£04

Contribution in money*

Anno decimo tcrtlo Georgii III. c.78. • [1773;

or places in refpeA of all lands, tenements, woods, tithes, or hereditaments, not exceeding the annual value of fifty pounds, which he lhall occupy therein ; and every perfon keeping fuch team, draught, or plough, and occupying in the fame parifh, townfhip, or place, lands, tenements, woods, tithes, or hereditaments, of the yearly value of fifty pounds, over and beyond the faid yearly value of fifty pounds, in refpeft whereof fuch team-duty (hall be performed, and every fuch perfon occupying lands, tenements, woods, tithes, or hereditaments, of the yearly value of fifty pounds, in any other pari(h, townihip, or place, befides that wherein he refides, and every other perfon not keeping a team, draught, or plough, but occuping lands, tenements, woods, tithes, or hereditaments, of the yearly value of fifty pounds, in. any parifh, townfhip, or place, (hall, in like manner refpe&ively, and for the fame number of days, find and fend one wain, cart, or carriage, fumifhed with not left than three horfes, or four oxen and one horfe, or two oxen and two horfes,' and two able men to. each wain, cart, or carriage; and, in like manner, for every fifty pounds per iWMwwrefpec-tively which every fuch perfon fhall further occupy, in any fuch parifh, townfhip, or place refpe&ively, fuch wains, carts, or carriages, to be employed by the furveyor in the repairing and amending the highways within the parifh, townfhip, or place, where fuch lands* tenements, woods, tithes, or hereditaments, (hall rcfpe#ively lie; and every perfon who fhall not keep a team, draught, or plough, but fhall occupy lands, tenements, woods, tithes, or hereditaments, under the yearly value of fifty pounds, in the parifh, townfhip, or place, where he refides, or in any other parifh, townfhip, or place, and every perfon keeping a team, draught, or plough, and occupying lands, tenements, woods, tithes, or hereditaments, under the yearly value of fifty pounds, in any other parifh, townfhip, or place, than that wherein he refides, fhall refpedtively contribute to the repair pf the highways, and pay to the furveyor of fuch parifh, townfhip, or place refpedlively, in lieu of fuch duty, the fums following ; videlicety for every twenty (hillings of the annual value of fuch lands, tenements, woods, tithes, or hereditaments, rc-fpe<$tively, the fum of One penny for every day’s ftatute-duty which fhall he required and called for by the furveyor of fuch parijh, townfhip, or place refpeftively, in every year, not exceeding fix days duty in the whole, as aforefaid ; and every fuch perfon refpe&ively fhall, in like manner, pay the fum of one penny for every twenty (hillings of the annual value of the lands, tenements, woods, tithes, and hereditaments, which he fhall occupy in any fuch parifh, townfhip, or place refpe&ively, above the annual value of fifty pounds, and lefs than one hundred pounds, and fo for every twenty Quillings that each progreflive and intermediate annual value of twenty (hillings, of the lands, tenements, woods, tithes, and hereditaments, which he (hallfo pccupy, fhall fall fhort of the further increafe of fifty pounds, |n every ^ifhj ^wnflnp, or place* where fuch lands, tenements,

1773*1 Ahnb decimo tertio GeorGII III. c. 78.	405

woods, tithes, and hereditaments, (hall refpe&ively lie, for every day’s ftatate-duty fo to be required a$ aforefaid; which faid How thefe feveral fums (hall be confidered as compofitions, and (hall be contribution* paid to the furveyor of the parifh; townfhip, or place, in which * they are charged, for the ufe of the highways therein, at the ecj# time fuch compofitions are to be paid under the authority of this aft, or within ten days after; or, in default of fuch payments, fuch monev (haH be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels ot the perfon or perfons refufing to pay the fame, in fuch manner as the forfeitures for the negleft in performing the ftatute-duty are hereby authorifed to be levied and raircd : provided, that no perfon keeping fuch team, draught, or plough, and performing duty with the fame, as aforefaid, in the parifli, townfhip; or place, where he refides, and not occupying lands, tenements, woods, tithes, or hereditaments, within the faitie, of the yearly value of thirty pounds, (hall be obliged to fend more than one labourer with fuch team, draught, or plough.

XXXV. And be it further enafted, That every perfon who The duty recall not keep a team, draught, or plough, but (hall keep one quired from, or more cart or carts, and one or two horfes or beads of draught perfons who only, ufed to draw in each of fuch'carts upon-the highways;	a

(hall be obliged to perform his fiktute-duty for the like numbed keep one or of days with fuch; cart or carts, add horfe or horfes, or bealtS of two horfe» draught, and one labourer to Attend each cart, or to pay for theufcd t0 lands; tenements, woods, tithes, and hereditaments, which he (hall occupy, according to the rate aforefaid, at the option of the furveyor; and every perfon who (hall keep a coach, poft-chaife, or who keep a chair, or other wheel-carriage, and not keep a team, draught,	*

or plough, nor occupy lands, tenements, woods, tithes, orc]• c* *c# hereditaments, of the annual value of fifty pounds, in the parifh,	'

townfhip, or place, where he (hall refiae, (hall pay to the furveyor one (hilling in refpeft of every fuch day’s ftatute-duty, for every horfe which he (hall draw in any fuch carriage, or (hall pay according to the value of the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which he (hall occupy, according to the rate aforefaid, at the option of the furveyor; and alio every man inhabiting inperfbnal la-any parifh, townfhip, or place, and being of the age of eighteen, bour required and under the age of fixty years, not chargeable in any of the Tefpefts aforefaid for lands, tenements, woods, tithes, of here* ^ho^ccupy ditaments, of the yearly value of four pounds, or upwards, and lefs than 4.1. not being bona fide an apprentice or menial fervant, not hav- p*r anmm» ing performed the faid duty, of paid the compofition for the fame, in any other parifh, townfhip, or place, for that year,

(hall, by themfelves, or one fufficient labourer for every of them,

upon every of the faid days on whidi they (hall be called forth

by the faid furveyor, together with the faid other labourers,

work and labour in the amendment of the faid highways, as

they (hall be directed by fuch furveyor; and if the faid teams. Three men to

draughts, or ploughs, or any of them, (hall not be thought be lent in lieu

ineedful by the furveyor, on arty of the faid days, then everyofa team*ttf

fuch perfon who Should have fent-any fuch team, draught, orrcquire 9

'	plough.

Digitized by (^.ooQle

or 4$. 6d. in money.

During what hours, and under what

to6	Anno decimo tettio GboRGH III. c. 78. [1773.

plough, according to the directions aforefaid, (hall, according to the notice to be given, as herein-after directed, fend, unto the (aid work, for every one fo fpared, three able paen, there to labour as aforsiaid, or to pay to the laid furveyor the fum of four (hillings and fixpencc in lieu thereof; and all fuch perfons as aforefaid (hall refpedively have and bring with them fuch (hovels,, fpades, picks, mattocks, and other tools, and inftru-ments as are ufctul arid proper for the purpofes aforefaid; and all the faid peribos and carriages (hall diligently perform the work and labour to which they (hall be appointed by fuch furr thf'du^&all ycy°r f°r hours in every of the faid days, within fuch be performed* panto* townftiip, or place, or in getting and carryirig materials in and from any other parifh, townlhip, or place, to be employed in the repair of the highways of the parifh, townlhip, or places for. which they (hall be required to perform fuch duty,and labour as aforefaid : and if any perfon fending a team, as aforefaid, (hall not fend a fufficient labourer befides the driver, (except as herein-before mentioned;) or if any fuch labourer, or driver, or any other labourer, or the driver of any cart, required by this ad to perform ftatute-duty as aforcfakl, (hall refufe to work * -	and labour, during the time above mentioned, according to the

direction of the furveyor ; or if any driver (hall refufe to cany prpper and fufficiept loads ; it (hall and may be lawful for fact furveyor to difeharge every fuch team, cart, or labourer, and to recover from the owner of every fuch team or cart the forfeiture which every fuch perfon or perfons would have incurred by

.....virtue of this ad, in cafe no fuch team, cart, or labourer refpec-

tively had been fent.

Th< furveyor XXXVI. And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may may call for be lawful for the furveyor, where the employment for teams is

part of a team 0f fuch fort that two horfes will be fufficient for one cart, or where he	-	-----	-

thinks it ne-ceflary.

where a (land cart with one horfe (hall be neceffary, to call upon any perfon liable to fend a team, draught, or plough by virtue of this ad, who keeps one or more cart or carts, and three or more horfes, to fend fuch cart or carts, horfe or horfes, to perform his (latute-duty, as the furveyor (hall find mod convenient, and (hall dired ; and the furveyor (hall allow every fuch (land cart and one horfe as half a team, and every cart and two horfes as two-thirds of a team ; and if a waggon (hall be found necef-fary for any particular bufinefs, the furveyor may require the duty, or any part thereof, to be performed with fuch waggon, by any perfon who keeps one ; which diredions of the furveyor (hall be obferved, or the perfon liable to perform fuch duty (hall forfeit fuch fum as the duty fo required of him (hall bear, in proportion to the forfeiture hereby inflided for every negled in performing duty with a team, draught, or plough.

What notice XXXVII. And be it further enaded. That every fuch fur-to be given lor veyor (hall, from time to time, .give to, or quife to be left at performing the houfe, or ufual place of abode of every person or perfons fo tftf duty. liable to perform fuch duty or labour, as in this ad direded, four days notice at the lead of the day, hour, and place, upon

whiejt)

1773*3 Anno rkrimo tertio Georqii III. 7$*	toy

which each of the laud day’s duty (hall be required to be per-fortped j and evety perfon or perfons making default in finding Forfeitures for and (ending each wain, cart, or carriage, furnifhed as aforefaid, <^ery default and filch able men with the fame, as herein required, or in per- or neSlcit* forming the find duty at the time and pfcce, and in the manner, by this ad direded, (hall, for every Mich default or negledt in (ending foch wain, cart, or carriage, with fuch men as aforefaid, forfeit the fum af ten (hillings ; and for every default in fending every cart wkh ooe horfc and one man, three (hillings; and for not fending every cart with two hotter end one man, five (hillings ; and every perfon or perfect making default in fending any fuch labourer, and every perfon making default in performing fuch (about at the time and place, and in the manner, dittoed by bhiartdv or in paying fi»«b com pofition-money for the ne btrtin mentioned, (haIJ,for every fuch negled, forfeit

of One JhtlUog and fixpepcc; all which forfeitures (hall Application hHl||wdd for thie ufe of the highways within the pari(h, town- of «* forfei-foip, pUoSy'iwhere the fame (hall arife ; and the faid fur- t“[es' veyor flaall fairly:and equally demand and require fuch duty and. labour from every perfon or perfons liable 10 .perform the the duty fairly teo.acoording td. the directions of this ad, without favour or and equally, pajfbdity to any perfon ,or perfons whomfodver: and if in fllptflintb* townfbip, or place,, it (hall not be necefiary to Call forth the whole.duty.in any year, it lhall be abated in a juft and equal proportion amongfi all perfons liable to the fame; and the hid fiirveyor may and (hall, and he is hereby required, with all convenient (peed, after default made in performance of fuch duty or labour as aforefaid, to proceed for the recovery of the penalties or forfeitures hereby inflided for the fame refpedively, mi manner herein-after direded, fo that the fame may be recovered before be makes up his accounts in the manner direded by this ad.	.

.v-YXXVUT, Provided always, and be it farther enaded, That Perfons may my perfon or perfons liable to perform the faid duty, by fending compound for one or more team or teams, draught or draughts, plough or "*tate*work* ploughs, with men, horfes, or oxen, in manner aforefaid, (hall and may compound for the fame, if he, (he, or they, (hall think fit, by paying to the faid fiirveyor, at the time, and in the manner, herein-after mentioned, fuch (urn or fums of money as the )u(Uces of the peace for the limit wherein fuch pari(h, townfbip, or place, (hall be, or the major part of them, at their faid fpecial fefiions, to be held in the fiift week after	quarter

fe Axons in every year, (hall adjudge and declare to be reafonable, not exceeding fix (hillings, nor lrfs than rhree (hillings, for each CompoCtions team, draught, or plough, for each day ; and in default of their fixed, adjudging and declaring the fame, the fum of four (hidings and fixpcnce for and in lieu of every fuch’ day’s duty for each team, draught, or plough ; and for every cart and one horfe or beaft of draught, two. (hillings'; and for-every cart with two horfes or beads of draught, three (hillings, for and in lieu of every day’s duty j and every inhabitant liable to perform fuch duty or '6	la-

Digitized by Google

20$	Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 7$.	[1773.'

labour, as aforefaid, and not chargeable in any other refpeft, a* sforefaid, (hall and may compound for the feme, if he, (he, or they, (hall think fit, by paying to the furveyor the fum of four-pence for and in lieu of every fuch day’s duty or labour ref pec-tively, at the time, and in the manner henein-after dire&ed for the payment of compofitianTtnoney.

Juftices may XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further en&ded. That if direatheper- it (hall appear to the juftices, at their fpecial feffions, to be held formance of In the week next after Michaelmas: quarter feflions, that from the labour in* °* (^^ce<^ons hereinbefore given for the performing andcom-kindUinany pounding: the llatute-duty, there will be difficulty in procuring particular pa* the neceffaiycarriage, or a fufficient number of labourers for nfti, &c. the repair of the highways, in ahy particular parifil, townfhip, where they or pkc^ within their refpedtive limits, without, paying high and gantCprlcc«a" extravagant prices for the lame, it (hall and may be lawful for reqniml/';	fuch juftices.to.order and direft the team-duty hereby required,

or fomuch thereof as they (hall think fit, to be performed in kind,i within every fuch parifh, townfhip, or place, except in 1 refpeft of; fiichrteams as belong to perfons who do not occupy lands*, tenements*, woods, tithes, or hereditaments, of the annual value of thirty pounds within the fame; and alfb to order the labourers, liable by this a& to perform or compound for ftatute-duty, or foch part of them as they (hall think fir, to perform fix days labour ripon fuch highways in kind, in cafe fo many days duty ihall be inquired, upon being paid for fuch labour the ufual and -cuftomary wages given to labourers in fuch pari(h, townfhip, or place, deducing thereout the fum of four-pence for each day’s duty fo performed, being the compofition hereby allowed for labourers : provided, that if part of fuch teams or labourers only are required, it (hall be direded by the (aid order of the juftices in fome given proportion, as one half, third, or fourth, part thereof; and the furveyor (hall, in that cafe, at a publick veftry for fuch parifh, townfhip, or place, put the names of all the perfons. liable by this a& to fend fuch teams into one hat or box, and the names of alLthe perfons liable to perform fuch labour into another hat or box, and fome inhabitant then prefent (hall draw out fuch number from each as (hall be equal to the proportion fo ordered by the faid juftices, and the perfons fo drawn (hall perform fuch duty in kind for that year; and that if any fuch order (hall be made or continued in the fiibfe-quent year, the fame method :(hall be obferved, but the names drawn in the preceding year (hall not be put into fuch hat or box ; and in every fuccetding year fuch method and regulation Ihall be obferved by fuch furveyor, as to render the duty fo required to be performed in kind as equal amongft the feveral perfons liable thereto as may be: which order of the faid juftices, fo far a$ the fame (hall he extended, (hall fuperfede the (aid power or liberty of compounding, and (hall be binding ami effectual, to all intents and .purpofes whatfoever, and (hall con-> tinue in force until it (hall be difeharged or varied by the juftices fome fubfequent fpecial feffions for the highways within fuch

limit*

Google

209

1773-1 Anno dccimo tcrtio GeoRGH III. c. 78. limit, to be held in the week next after Michaelmae quarter felCons ; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any-wife not with (landing.

XL. Provided always, and be be it further enadted, That if Jufticesmay any perfon or perfons who (ball keep a team, draught, or mitigate the plough, and (hall not occupy lands, tenements, woods, tithes, competition, or hereditaments, to the value of thirty pounds per annum, in mafntalnThU1 the parifh, townfhip, or place, where he (ball refide, but (hail in team partly part maintain his horfes and beafts of draught ufed in fuch team from lands in upon or from lands which he (hall occupy in one or more adja- ano.t*Jcr cent parifh or parifhes, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid juftices, at fome fpecial feflions, to mitigate and reduce the duty or compofition fo required to be performed or paid by fuch perfon or perfons, in fuch manner, and to fuch fum, as they (hall think juft and reafonable.

XLI. Provided alfo, and be it further enadled. That the faid Surveyors to furveyor of every parifh, townfhip, or place, (hall, on fome Pvc .notice Sunday in November in every year, caufe ten days notice at the leaft to be given in thevchurch or chapel of fuch parilh, town- pounding, (hip, or place, and if there be no church or chapel, or no fervice performed therein, then at the moft publick place there, aqd repeat the like notice in fuch churpji, chapel, or place, on the next fucceeding Sund.y, of the time and place when and where the perfons permitted under the authority of this adt, and inclined to compound for the .faid duty, in manner aforefaid, may fignify to fuch furveyor their intention to compound; and all and every perfon or perfons fignifying the fame, who (hall then, or within the fpace of one calendar month afterwards, pay to fuch furveyor the compofition authorifed and allowed by this adt, (hall be difeharged from the performance of fuch duty, How the com* which compofition-money (hall be employed by the furveyor pofition-mo-for the ufe of the highways; and that no compofition (hall be permitted, unlefs the fame (hall be paid at the day, or within pi0yed. the time aforefaid ; but in cafes where the occupation of any lands, tenements, woods, tithes, or hereditaments, (hall be changed, or any new occupant or inhabitant (hall come to refide in fuch parifh, townfhip, or place, after the time appointed for fuch compofition, then the perfon or perfons occupying fuch lands, tenements, woods, tithes, or hereditaments, or fo refiding in fuch parifh, townfhip, or place, (hall be allowed to compound in manner aforefaid: provided he, (he, or they, (hall pay the faid compofitiph-money to the faid furveyor within fourteen days after he, (he, or they, (hall enter upon fuch lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or (hall come to refide in fuch parifh, townfhip, or place ; and every tenant or occupier of any lands, tenements, woods, tithes, or hereditaments, who intends to quit the poffeflion thereof within fix calendar months from the time fixed for making fuch compofition, (hall and may compound for half the duty hereby required, and the fucceeding tenant or occupier (hall and may, in that cafe, compound or perform the duty in kind for the other half thereof\ and if the Vol. XXX.	P	fur-

/

210

Perfons keeping a draught or plough, and no carnage, to pay for the hoi fes or oxen drawing them*

Inhabitant* may fix certain timet when the fta-tute-duty (hall not be called forth.

Where the furveyor receives com potmen-money due to the turnpike roads, he (hall pay it to the treafurer,

to be laid out for the ufe of the turnpike road within the parifh, &c. where it it cohered.

If the duty Md the mosey

Anno decimo tertio GeoRGII III. C. 78. [1773.

fufveyor (hall receive from any perfon or perfons a compofition for more duty than (hall be required from the other inhabitants and occupiers within the fame parifh, townfhip, or place, for the fame year, he (hall repay fuch extraordinary compofition-money to fuch perfon or perfons, fo as to bring the duty to an equality amongft all fuch inhabitants and occupiers.

XL1I. Provided always, and be it further enadted, That in every parifh, townfhip, or place, where any perfon (hall keep a draught or plough, and no carriage, he (hall pay to the furveyor the fum of one (hilling for every horfe, or pair of oxen or neat cattle, ufed in fuch draught or plough, for every day’s ftatute-duty on the day fuch duty is required to be performed, or pay according to the rate aforefaid for the lands, tenements, woods, tithes, and hereditaments, which he (hall occupy in fuch parilh, townfhip, or place, at the option of the furveyor.

XLIII. Andy in order to prevent as much as pojjfble any income-nience to the perfons liable to perform Jlatute-duty, be it enadted. That it (hall and may be lawful for the inhabitants of every parifh, townfhip or place, at fome veftry, or other publick meeting or meetings to be held purfuant to this adl, to appoint three months in every year, within which no ftatute-dury (hall be performed; videlicet, one month in the fpring, to be called The Seed month j one month in the fummer, for the hay harveft; and one other month in the fummer, for the com harveft: provided, that notice, in writing, be given of the times fo appointed to the furveyor of fuch parilh, townfhip, or place refpedlively, and alfo to the furveyor of every turnpike road lying within the fame, within three days after every fuch meeting, and fourteen days at lead before the beginning of each of fuch months.

XLIV. And whereas, by feveral afls of parliament concerning turnpike roads, a certain part of the duty called Statute-duty is or may be direfled to be performed on fuch roads, and it maf happen in fome places, that the feveral perfons liable thereto may have compounded for the fame\ be it therefore further enadled, That in all fuch cafes, the furveyor of the highways of the parifh, townfhip, or place, where fuch compofition (hall have been made, (hall pay to the treafurer or furveyor of fuch turnpike roads a certain part of the compofition-moncy fo received, to be proportioned according to the number of days duty which fuch perfon or perfons was or were liable to perform on fuch turnpike road; which money (hall be laid out and expended on fuch part of the faid turnpike road as lies within the parifh, townfhip, or place, from which it was received, and not elfewhere; and if fuch furveyor of the highways (hall refufe or negledt to pay to the treafurer or furveyor of fuch turnpike road fuch part or the faid compofition-money fo received by him, within twenty days after he (hall have received the fame, upon demand made by luch treafurer or fur-veyor, the fame (hall and may be levied upon the goods and chattels of fuch furveyor, in fuch manner as penalties and forfeitures are by this adt authorifed to be levied.

XLV. And be it further enabled, That if upon application

of

Digitized by Google

1773-1 Anno decimo tertio GeorgiiIII. C. 78.	,21!

of the furveyor of the highways for any parifh, townfhip, or before lutho-place, to the juftices of the peace for the limit wherein fuch	^fnot

parifh, townfhip, or place, lieth, at their general or quarter fufficicn", feflions of the peace, or at fome fpecial feflions for the highways, the juitice* * the faid juftices (hall be fully fatisfied, by proof upon oath, that may order an the duty hereby directed to be performed, and the money hereby authorifed to be collected and received, has been performed, applied, and expended, according to the directions of this alt, or (hall be fully fatisfied that the common highways, bridges, eaufeways, ftreets, or pavements, belonging to fuch parifh, townfhip, or place, are fo far out of order that they cannot be fufficiently amended and repaired, paved, cleanfed, and fupported, by the means herein-before prefcribed, (notice being firff given of fuch intended application at the church or chapel of fuch parifh, town-fhip, or place, on fome Sunday preceding fuch quarter or fpecial feflions, or if the place be extraparochial, notice, in writing, being firft given offoch intended application to fome of the principal inhabitants refidir.g in fuch extraparochial place, a week at lead before fuch general or fpecial feflions); that then, and in any of the faid cafes, an equal afleflment upon all and every the occupier of lands, tenements, woods, tithet, and hereditaments, within any „ fuch pariftt, townfhip, or place, {hall or may be made and collected bv fuch perfon and perfons, and allowed in fuch manner, as the (aid juftices, by their order, at fuch general or fpecial feflions,

(hall direCt and appoint in that behalf; and the money thereby raifed (hall be employed and accounted for, according to the orders and directions of the faid juftices, for and towards the amending, repairing, paving, cleanfing, and fupporting, fuch highways, eaufeways, ftreets, pavements, and bridges, from time to time, as need (hall require.

XLVI. Provided nevertheless, That the afleflment herein laft But fuch if. before authorifed, and the afleflrrrent herein before authorifed, feflment, »ith for buying materials, making fatisfaCtion for damages, erecting *hc ?ther»for guide-pofts, and paying the furveyors falary, (hall not together, ^a^fn£cmnot in any one year, exceed the rate of nine-pence in the pound of to exceed 9d. the yearly value of the lands, tenements, woods, tithes, and inthepoundin hereditaments, fo to be aflefled.	*ny ^ year.,

XLVII. And be it further enaCted, That no fine, iflbe, pe- pjnes> pcnai_ nalty, or forfeiture, for not repairing the highways, or not ap- ties and for-pearine to any indictment or prefentment for not repairing the futures how fame, mall hereafter be returned into the court of exchequer, or to^c ,ev*e<* other court, but fhall be levied by and paid into the hands of an api>u * fuch perfon or perfons refiding in or near the parifb, townfhip or place, where the road fhall lie, as the court impofing fuch fines, iflues, penalties, or forfeitures, fhall order and direCt, to be applied towards the repair and amendment of fuch highways; and the perfon or perfons fo ordered to receive fuch fine (hall, and is hereby required to receive, apply, and account for the fame, according to the direction of fuch court, or in default thereof fhall forfeit double the fum received ; and if any fine, iflue, penalty, or forfeiture, to be impeded on any fuch parith,	^0^

p 2	towa-

Digitized by CjOOQIC

212	Anno	decimo tertio Georgii III. C.78.	[1773.

townfhip, or place, for not repairing the highways, or not appearing as aforefaid, (hall hereafter be levied on any one or moro of the inhabitants of fuch parifli, townfhip, or place, that then fuch inhabitant or inhabitants (hall and may make his or their complaint to the juftices of the peace, at their fpecial feflions; and the faid juftices are hereby impowered and authorifed* by warrant under their hands and Teals, to caufe a rate to be made, according to the form and manner hcrein-laft before prefcribed, ' for the reimburfing fuch inhabitant or inhabitants the monies 1b levied on him or them as aforefaid ; which rate fo made, and confirmed by any two juftices ; (hall be colle&ed and levied by th^ furveyor of the highways of fuch parifli, townfhip, or place, fo prefejited or indited, as aforefaid; and the faid furveyor Hull, within one month next after the making and confirming the rate aforefaid, colle&, levy, and pay unto fuch inhabitant or inhabitants the money fo levied on him or them as a-forefaid.

The furvey- ' XL VIII. And be it further enabled. That the furveyor of the or’s duty is to highways for every parifti, townfhip, or place, (hall carefully keep books, and diligently collect, or caufe to be colle&ed, the feveral aflefl-and enter the cents', forfeitures, penalties, fums of money, and compofi-aUmoneirpaid ^on*> dire(3ed and allowed to be received and taken within the and received j kmc by virtue of this a<5t, within the year for which he is ap-* pointed furveyor, and (hall keep one or more book or books, in which he (hall fairly enter a juft, true, and fair account of all fuch money as (hall have come to his hands, or to the hands of the faid affiftant, in refpedt of fuch parith, townfhip, or place, % by virtue and for the purpofes of this a#, and to whom, and on what occafion, he (hall have ppid or applied the fame; and and alfo of all fhalL alfo enter in fuch book or books 2 lift or lifts of all fuch

money remaining due;

alfo of all tools, materials, &c.

arid fhall produce his accounts at a veftry meet-' ing.

and afterwards before a juttice of peace, who may allow them;

fums of money as (hall then remain due and owing from any perfon or perfons, in refpedt of the payments, compofitions, zf-feffments, penalties, or forfeitures, to be collected, received, or taken, for and in refpedt of the faid highways, by virtue of this a<ft; and the (aid furveyor (hall alfo enter in the faid book or books an account of all tools, materials, implements, and other things provided, or to be provided, by order of the inhabitants, at a veftry or other publick meeting for the repair of the faid highways, at the publick expence of fuch pari(h, town-(hip, or place; and (hall produce fuch bookstand the aflefT-ments made within that year for the purpofes of this adt, unto the inhabitants of the parifli, townfhip, or place, to which they belong, at a veftry or other publick meeting to be held for that purpofe, within fifteen days before the faid fpecial feflions (o to be held in the week next after Michaelmas quarter feflions, as aforefaid, to the intent that the faid accounts, afleflments, and lifts, may be infpecled by the inhabitants of fuch pari(h, townfhip, or place refpedlively; and every fuch furveyor (hall, after the faid books and afleflments (hall have been produced at fuch meeting, take the fame to fuch juftice of the peace for the limit wherein fuch parifti, townfhip, or place, doth lie, and on fuch

2	d=y.

Digitized by VjOOQLC

1773-1 Anno declmo tertio Georgii III. c. 78*

day, and at fuch hour, as (hall be agreed upon at fuch meeting, fome day after the faid meeting of the inhabitants, and before fuch laft-mentioned fpecial feflions, and then and there verify fuch account, or any part thereof, upon oath, if required ; and fuch juftice may allow fuch account, if he finds it juft, or poft-pone it until fuch fpecial feflions, if he finds caufc for fo doing, or they may in which cafe it may be fettled and allowed at fuch fpecial fef- be further ex-fions, after the parts objected to by fuch juftice (hall have been	***

explained and verified by proper evidence, to the fatisfa&lon of difallowed, at the juftices at fuch fpecial feflions; and in cafe any articles con- the fpecial tained in fuch accounts (hall not be explained and proved to thef*(fion«, fatisfadiion of fuch juftices, they may difallow the fame; and whenever the faid accounts (hall be fo fettled and allowed, or difallowed, as aforefaid, all fuch books and afleflinents (hall be transmitted to the churchwarden or overfeer of the poor for fuch parifti, townfhip, or place refpedlively, or, if the place be extraparochial, then to fome principal inhabitant thereof, to be kept for the ufe of fuch parifh, townlhip, or place; and the laid furveyor (hall forthwith deliver a duplicate of fuch book and account, together with all fums of money as (hall remain in his hands, and likewife all tools, materials, implements, and rials, tools, other things, as aforefaid, to the fucceeding furveyor for fuch&c. to be depart (h, townftiip, or place, in cafe any new furveyor lhall be j!vcrcd f° the appointed, or retain the fame in his hands, and account foff^cyor!!S them in his next account, if he (hall be continued furveyor for fuch pari(h, townftiip, or place, in the fucceeding year; and it (hall and may be lawful for the fucceeding furveyor, and he furveyor is hereby authorifed and required, to recover, collect, and receive authorifed to all fuch fums of money which (hall be due and owing as afore- colleft the ar-faid, by all fuch ways and means, as fully and effectually, to rcar,> &c# all intents and purpofes, as the preceding furveyor could, might, or ought to have recovered, collected, or received the fame : and in cafe fuch furveyor (hall negledt to provide fuch book or books, xhe furveyor or to enter fuch refpedtive accounts and lifts therein, or to de- liable to for-Jiver* the faid book or books, and fuch duplicate thereof, and features for fuch afleflinents, tools, materials, implements, and other things, °* in manner aforefaid, he (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit any u fum not exceeding five pounds, nor lefs than forty (hillings; and in cafe he (hall make default in the paying or accounting for the money fo remaining in his hands, within the time, and according to the directions aforefaid, he (hall forfeit double the value of the money which (hall be adjudged by the faid juftices to be in his hands; and in cafe any fuch furveyor (hall die be- If furveyor fore fuch refpedtive accounts and lifts (hall be made our, or fuch monies, books, afleflinents, tools, materials, and itnple- ^^n'aceount ments, (hall be fo delivered and paid, the executors or admini- jn the fame ftrators of (uch furveyor (hall make out, pay, and deliver the manner, lame, in like manner, and under the like penalty, as fuch furveyor is hereby required and made fubjeCt and liable to; and every furveyor (hall pay to the juftices clerks, for the appointment and charge, the fum of one (hilling; for the bond fix-

p 3	pence	i

Digitized by Google

414	Anno	dcchno	tertio	Georgii	III.	C.78.	[1773.

Feet to be paid pence; and for the account fo to be examined and taken, and to the jultioes for the oath' fo to be adminiftered, the fum of one (hilling, and c cr #* no more; and if any perfon or perfons fliall receive any greater fum or fee for the bufinefs aforefaid than herein-before mentioned, he (hall forfeit the fum of ten pounds for every offence. Surveyor may XLIX. And be it further enaAed, That in every parifli, contra# for townfhip, or place, where a fufficient quantity of (lone, gra-carryin/irn-	or	ot^cr materials, cannot be provided and carried

teriaus, at a by the labourers and teams required by this aA to perform (la-publick meet- tute-duty within fuch parifh, townfhip, or place, the faid fur-veyor (hall, and is hereby required to contraA for the getting and carrying thereof, (in the prefence of the faid afliflant, if any fuch (hall be appointed), at a meeting to be held for that purpofe, of which ten days notice in writing (hall be given, by fixing the fame upon the door of the church or chapel of fuch parifn, townfhip, or place, or if there be no church or chapel, at the mod publick place there; which notice (hall fpecify the work to be done, and the time and place for letting thereof; If the furveyor and if any furveyor (hall have any part, (hare, or intereft, direAly tus a (hire in or indireAly, in any fuch contraA or in any other contraA or bar-any con ra , *n fQr work or matcrjajs t0 be made, done, or provided, upon, or (hall l*t to for, on account of any of the highways, roads, bridges, or other o^rfe1l^wtd^, works whatfoever, under his care or management, or (hall, upon pofe of any * bis own account, direAly or indireAly, let to hire any team, or timber,(tones, fell or difpofe of any timber, (lone, or other materials, to be Sec. without ufed or employed in making or repairing fuch roads, bridges, 'uft!cTo^0m * or otbcr works, as aforefaid, (unlels a licence in writing, for peace! he (hall the of any fuch materials, or to let to hire any fuch team, forfeit ip |. be firft obtained from fome juftice of the peace within that limit), and be incap- be (hall forfeit for every fuch offence, the fum of ten pounds, able of being an(j for evcr after incapable of being employed as a furveyor sTfalary.** with a faiary, under the authority of this aAt Surveyor, for L. And be it further enaAed, That if any furveyor of the every ijegleA highways, after his acceptance of the faid office, (hall negleA of duty, (hail his duty in any thing required of him by this aA, for vyhipp no forfeit 51. particular penalty is impofed, he (hall forfeit, for every fuch ^ular^iudty °^encc> any fum not exceeding five pounds, nor lefs than ten it imputed. Y (billings, atfthe diferetion of the juftice or juftices having ju-rifdiAion therein.

Perfons en-	kl. And J>e it further enaAed, That where any lands have

feoffed with been, or (hall be given, for the maintenance of paufeways, lands for the pavements, highways, and bridges, all fuch perfons who are, or ^ enfeoffcd or trufted with any fuch lands, (hall let them higlfway^and t0 ^arm at the mod improved yearly valire, without fine ; and bridges, (hall that the juftices of the peace, in their open feffions, (hall and let them to may inquire, by fuch ways and means as they (hall think fit-farm at the ting, ;nl0 thc value of all fuch lands fo given, or to be given. td°value!r0V* anc* ot^eT the improvement and employment of the rents and profits thereof according to the will and direAion of the donor of fuch lands, if they find that the perfons fo intruded have been negligent or faulty in the performance or trull, (except

fuch

Digitized by G.ooQle

21S

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 7$.

fuch lands have been given for the ufes aforefaid to any college or hall in either of the univerflties of this kingdom, which have vifitors of their own); any law, ftatute, ufege, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding.

LII. And whereat in fome places it hath been and may be found Penalty on neceffary, and the furveyors are hereby authorifcd and required, to perfons da-fecure horfe eaufeways and foot eaufeways, by pofis, blocks, or great ™a8in£ fiones, fixed in the ground, or by banks of earth cafi up, or other-	direct

wife, from being broken up and fpoiled with waggons, wains, carts, tj0n or carriages ; and forafmuch as feveral evil-difpofed perfons do or may mile (tones, wilfully or wantonly pull up, cut down, and remove or damage battlements of fata pofts, blocks, and great ft ones, Jo fixed, or to be fixed, as afore- brid8c,» find* and drive carriages upon fucn banks and eaufeways, or againfi the ftdes thereof, and alfo dig or caft down the fatd banks, which arc the fecurities and defence of the faid eaufeways, whereby the caufe- * ways or banks are often ruined~and defiroyed; and fuch evil-difpofed perfons do or may break, damage, or throw down the flones, bricks, or wood, fixed upon the parapets or battlements of bridges, and do or may pull down, defiroy, obliterate, or deface, any mile fione, or pofi gradu-ated, or direction pofl or fione, erefted or to be erefted upon any highway : for prevention thereof, be it enadted, That every perfon who (hall be guilty of any fuch offence, (hall, upon complaint thereof, made to any juftice of the peace of the limit where the fame (hall be proved to be done, by the oath of any one credible witnefs, or upon view of the juftice nimfelf, forfeit for every of the (aid offences any fum not exceeding five pounds, nor lefs than ten (hillings j and in default of payment thereof, (hall be committed to the houfe of correction of fuch limit, there to be, whipped, and kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one calendar month, nor lefs than feven days, at the diferetion of fuch juftice.

LIII. And be it further enaCted, That the iuftices of the Juftices ofeu peace of all cities, corporations, boroughs, and other places, tj*f» *5;*° Put are hereby required to put in execution every part of this adt L!c*ut;ont0 within their refpe&ive jurifdidlions.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enadted, That no- Juftices of d-thing in this adfc contained (hall authorife or impower, or be	to

deemed, conftrued, or taken to authorife and impower, any ^0* fauHef juftice or juftices of the peace, for any city, town corporate, or to furveyors, borough, to fix or allow any falary to or for any furveyor to be appointed by any fuch juftice or juftices, other than and except fuch falary as (hall be fettled and agreed upon by two parts out except fuch as of three of the perfons affembled in the parifh, townlhip, or be agreed place, within fuch city, town corporate, or borough, for which Ul^tingoHhe fuch furveyor (hall be appointed, purfuant to the diredtions of houfeholdcrs, this act.

LV. And whereas the highways not being turnpike roads, are Limitation of much prejudiced by the narrownefs of the wheels of the feveral carri- the number of ages travelling thereon, and by the excejfive burthens loaded in fuch carriages; be it enadted, That no waggon, having the foie or caiffwith bottom pf the fellies of the wheels of the breadth of nine inches, different

p 4	(hall	Wheels.

Digitized by

Google

216	Anno dccimo tcrtio Georgii III. C.78.	[177$;

(hall go or be drawn with more than eight horfes; and that no cart, having the foie or bottom of the fellies of the wheels thereof of the breadth of nine inches, (hall go or be’.drawn with more than five horfes 5 and that no waggon, having the foie or bottom of the fellies of the wheels of the breadth of fix inches, and rolling on each fide a furface of nine inches, (hall go or be drawn with more than feven horfes; and that no fuch wag* gon rolling a furface of fix inches only, (hall go or be drawn with more than fix horfes; and that no cart, having the foie or bottom of the fellies of the wheels of the breadth of fix inches, (hall go or be drawn with more than four horfes; and that no waggon having the foie or bottom of the fellies of the wheels of lefs breadth that) fix inches, fhall go or be drawn with more than five horfes ; and that no cart having the foie or bottom of the fellies of the wheels of lefs breadth than fix inches, (hall go or The owner be drawn with more than three horfes upon fuch.highways, un-feit"cT.gand ^er r*ie Pa*ns> penalties, and forfeitures herein-after mentioned; the driver ios. (that is to fay), that the*owner of fuch waggon or cart refpcc-for every	tively (hall forfeit the fum of five pounds, and the driver not

horfe above being the owner, the fum of ten (hillings, for every horfe or allowed? ** bead	(hall	be	fo drawing above the number hereby fo

refpetfively limited as aforefaid, to the foie ufe and benefit of the roUcn^o^ *nf°rmer> but carriages moving upon wheels or rollers, of the retrained in breadth of fixteen inches on each fide thereof, with flat furfaces, the number of are hereby allowed to be drawn with any number of horfes, or horfes. other cattle.

Profecutions LVI. Provided always, and be it ena&ed. That no profe-for fuch addi- Cution (hall be commenced before a juftice of peace, by way of nalnurnber information, for any forfeiture incurred by the owner or driver and^n?whatW ^ anY carriage» having a greater number of horfes therein than manner to be are allowed by this a<5t, unlefs fuch information be laid within carried on. three days after the offence committed ; and that no a&ion (hall be commenced for any fuch offence, unlefs the fame be commenced within one calendar month after the offence committed; and that neither fuch information or altion fhall be laid or com-

menced, unlefs notice (hall be given by the informer to the driver of every fuch carriage, on the day upon which the offence (hall be committed, of an intention to complain of (uch offence; and if it (hall appear to the juftice before whom fuch complaint (hall be made, that the offender lives fo remote as to make it inconvenient to fummon him to appear before fuch juftice, the juftice may difmifs the complaint, and leave the informer to his remedy by a&ion at law.

Juftice* of ^ LVII. Provided always, and be it further enabled. That it peace, at their (hall and may be lawful for the juftices of the peace, at their re-quarter fef* fpC(^lve general quarter feflions of the peace, to be held in the dons, may li- week after Michaelmas, to licence, in fuch manner, and for fuch cencean in- time, as they (ball think fit, an increafe of the number of horfes create of the to be drawn in carriages up any fteep hill, or on any road not horfes^ °* turnpike, within their refpe<5Vive jurifdi<5lions, over and above the number herein-before limited, if, upon inquiry into the ftate and

con*

Digitized by

*773-1 Anno dccimo tertio Georgii III. c. 78.	217

condition of fuch roads, they (hall find any additional number of horfes neceflary; and, from time to time, at any AMichaelmas quarter feflions, to revoke, alter, or vary the fame, as they (hall think fit.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it further enadled. That if it Juftices may (hall appear upon the oaths of credible witnefles, to the fatis- *h>P proceed, fa&ion of any juftice or juftices of the peace, or of any court of fcuure in^*-juftice authorized to enforce the execution of this ad\, that any fpeftofaddi-waggon, cart, or carriage, could not, by reafon of deep fnow or tional borfc*, ice, be drawn by the number of horfes or beads of draught hereby from ice refpeclively allowed; then, and in every fuch cafe, it (hall and thcy^cie°ne-mav be lawful for fuch juftice or juftices of the peace, or court ceflajy. refpe&ively, and they are hereby refpedUvely required, to (lop all proceedings before them refpedlively for the recovery of any penalty or forfeiture which may have been incurred by drawing, with a greater number of horfes, or beads of draught, than are hereby allowed; any thing herein contained to the contrary not-withftanding: provided alfo. That the regulations herein-before Carriagesex* mentioned, Concerning the number of horfes, and wheels of car- c5Ptcl0Ut riages, (hall not be deemed or conftrueAto extend to carts, wag-1	1	*

gons, or other carriages, employed only in carrying any one ftone, block of marble, cable rope, or piece of metal, or piece of timber, or to fuch ammunition or artillery, as (hall be for his Majefty’s fervice; and that two oxen or horned cattle (hall, for °*fn all the purpofes of this act, be confidered as one horfe.	15?

LIX. And, for the better difeovery of offenders againft this Thc owncr.#-prefent a6t, be it epadted, That the owner of every waggon, nameT&c.^o wain, or cart, and alfo of every coach, poft chaife, or other carriage be painted on let to hire, (hall paint, or caufe to be painted, upon fome confpi- all waggon*, cuous part of his waggon, wain, or cart, and upon the pannels of the doors of all fuch coaches, poft chaifes, or other carriages, cs> chai£ before the fame (hall be ufed upon any publick highway, his or es! &c. let to her chriftian and furname, and the place of his or her abode, in hire, large legible letters, and continue the fame thereupon fo long as fuch waggon, cart, coach, poft chaife, or other carriage (hall be ufed upon any fuch highway 5 and the owner of every common ftage waggon or cart, employed as travelling ftages from town to town, (hall, over and above his or her chriftian and furname, paint, or caufe to be painted, on the parr, and in the manner aforefaid, the following words. Common Stage IVaggon^ or Cart, as the cafe may be ; and every perfon ufing any fuch carriage as aforefaid upon any highway, without the names and deferiptions painted thereon refpe&ively as aforefaid, or who (hall paint, or caufe to be painted, any falfe or fi&itious name or place of abode, on fuch waggon, wain, cart, coach, poft chaife, or other carriage,

(hall forfeit, for every fuch offence, a fum not exceeding five pounds, nor lefs than twenty (hillings.

LX. And whereas many bad accidents happen, and great mifehiefs Drivers of are frequently done upon theJlreets and highways, by the negligence or wilful mijbehaviour of perfons driving carriages thereon •, be it there- mifbehaviour fore further etu&ed, That if thc driver of any cart, car, dray, or or negligence,

Digitized by

wag-

21$

in order to ^ prevent accidents.

Juftices may huld and adjourn fpecial teflions when* ever they

ti>ink fit,

Anno decimo tertio Gborgii III. c. 78.	t*773*

waggon, (hall ride upon any fuch carriage in any ftreet or highway, not having fome other perfon on root, or on hogback, to guide the fame, (fuch carriages as are conduced by fome perfon holding the reins of the horfe or horfes drawing the fame excepted;; or if the driver of any carriage whatfoever on anv part of any ftreet or highway (hall, by negligence, or wilful miioeha-viour, caufe any hurt or damage to any perfon or carriage parting or being upon luch ftreet or highway, or (hall quit the highway, and go on the other fide the hedge or fence inclofing the fame; or wilfully be at fuch diftance from fuch carriage, whilft it (hall be parting upon fuch highway, that he cannot have the direction and government of the horfes or cattle drawing the fame; or (hall, by negligence or wilful mi(behaviour, prevent, hinder, or interrupt the free paflage of any other carnage, or of his Majefty’s fubjedts, on the faid highways ; or if the driver of any empty or unloaded waggon, cart, or other carriage, (hall refufe or negledt to turn afide and make way for any coach, chariot, chaife, loaded waggon, cart, or other loaded carriage; or if any perfon (hall drive, or adf as the driver, of any fuch coach, poft chaife, or other carriage, let for hire, or waggon, wain, or cart, not having the owner's name, as before required, painted thereon, or (hall refufe to difeover the true chriftian and furname of the owner of fuch refpedlive carriages; every fuch driver fo offending in any of the cafes aforefaid, and being convifted of any fuch offence, either by his own confeflion, the view of a juftice of peace, or by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, before any juftice of the peace of the limit where fuch offence (hall be committed, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit any fum not exceeding ten (hillings, in ca(e fuch driver (hall not be the owner of luch carriage; and in cafe the offender be owner of fuch carriage, then any fum not exceeding twenty (hillings: and in cither of the faid cafes, (hall, in default of payment, be committed to the houfe of correction, for any time not exceeding one month, unlefs the fame (hall be fooner paid; and every fuch driver offending in either of the faid cafes, (hall and may, by authority of this adt, with or without any warrant, be apprehended by any perfon or perfons who (hall fee fuch offence committed, and (nail be immediately conveyed or delivered to a conftable or other peace officer, in order to be conveyed before fome juftice of the peace, to be dealt with according to law: and if any fuch driver, in any of the cafes aforefaid, (hall refufe to difeover his name, it (hall and may be lawful for the juftice of the peace before whom he (hall be taken, or to whom any fuch complaint (hall be made, to commit him to the houfe of correction for any time not exceeding three months, or to proceed againft him for the penalty aforefaid, by a defeription of bis perfon and the offence, and ex-prefling in fuch proceedings that he refufed to difeover his name.

LXI. And be it further cnafted. That it (hall and may bo lawful for any two or more juftices of the peace within their re-■ fpeflive limits, and they are hereby impowered, from time to time, whenever they (hall judge proper, to hold any fpecial fef-4	'	fions,

Digitized by

Google

1773-3 Anno dedmoterdo Georgii III* 0.78,	219

fions, befides that which is herein-beforc directed, for executing the purpofes of this ad; and to adjourn the fame from time to , time, as they fhall think fit, caufing notice to be given of the upon giving time and place of bolding fuch fpecial feflions, and of the adjourn- nonce to the ments thereof, to the feveral juftices a&ing and refiding within lcr lccs* fuch limits, by the high conftable, or other proper officer within the fame.

LXII. And, for preventing obftruflions, which frequently In order to happen by flopping of carriages on or near publick bridges, be it	ob*

further enaded. That if any perfon or perfons collecting any tolls aichoafet * Arc. payable for puffing over any publick bridge with carriages or cat- n^t fuffered to tie of any kind, (hall keep any vidualling-houfe, alehoufe, or be kept on other place of publick entertainment, or mall fell, or permit to bridge* where be fold therein, any wine, beer, ale, cyder, fpirituous liquors, or	lakeo*

other ftrong liquors, by retail, he, fhe, or they, being lawfully convided of fuch offence, by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, or by his own confeffion, before any juftice of the peace of the limit wherein fuch offence (hall be committed,

/hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of five pounds#

LXIII. And whereas inconventencies have arifen from making Penalty for hedges or other fences, and from ploughing or breaking up the foil of incroaching lands or grounds near the middle or centre of highways: for remedy*0* wajr* thereof be it enaded. That if any perfon (hall incroach, by making, or caufing to be made, any hedge, ditch, or other fence, on any highway, not being turnpike road, within the difiance of fifteen feet from the middle or centre thereof, or (hall plough, harrow, or break up the foil of any land or ground, or in ploughing or harrowing the adjacent lands, (hall turn his plough in or upon any land or ground within the difiance of fifteen feet from the middle or centre of any highway, where the breadth of fuch highway is formed and marked, or deferibed with certainty, and does not exceed in breadth thirty feet, evei7 perfon fo offending (hall forfeit, for every fuch offence, forty (hillings, to fudi perfon who (hall make information of the fame; and it (hall be lawful Incroachment for the furveyor who hath the care of any fuch road to caufe fuch *° he taken hedge, ditch, or fence, to be taken down, or filled up, at the ex-pence of the perfon or perfons to whom the fame (hall belong :	*

and it (hall and may be lawful for any one or more jufiice or juftices of the peace of the limit where fuch offence (hall be committed, upon proof to him or them made upon oath, to levy as well the expences of taking down fuch hedges as aforefaid, as the feveral and refpe<Sive penalties hereby impofed, by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, in fuch manner as di-ftrefles and fales for forfeitures are authorised and directed to be levied by virtue of this adl.

LXIV. And be it further enabled, That it (hall and may be Court may lawful for the court before whom any indidlment or prefentment award colts to (hall be tried for not repairing highways, to award cods to the ^dcfciufai1^ profccutor, to be paid by the perfon or perfons fo indicted or pre- I" fented, if it (hall appear to the faid court that the defence made di&mtnt or to fuch indi&mem or prefentment was frivolous; or to award preeminent.

• cofts

Digitized by Google

Expences for carrying on oj defending pro fecutions9 agreed upon at a veftry meeting, bow to be paid.

The notice required for holding vcft-ries or pub-lick meetings.

Sums aflefTed may be levied by diftrefs and fate of the offender's goods.

Surveyor may be a competent

WllllciS.

Anno decimo tcrtio Georgii III. c. 78.	[ 1773.

cofts to the perfon indided or prefented, to be paid by the pro-fecutor, if it (hall appear to the laid court that fuch profecution was vexatious.

LX V. And be it further enabled. That the inhabitants of any r parifh, townfhip, or place, (hall agree, at a veftry or publick meeting, to profecute any perfon by indidment for not repairing any highway within fuch parifh, townfhip, or place, which they > apprehend fuch perfon was obliged by law to repair, or for committing any nuifance upon any highways, or (hall agree at fuch veftry meeting to defend any indidhnentor prefentment preferred againft any fuch parifh, townfhip, or place, it (hall and may be lawful for the furveyorof fuch parifh, townfhip, or place, to charge in his account the reafonable expences incurred in carrying on or defending fuch refpe&ive profecutions, after the fame (hall have been agreed to by fuch inhabitants at a veftry or publick meeting, or allowed by a juftice of the peace within the limit where fuch highway (hall be; which expences, when fo agreed to, or allowed, fhallfbe paid by fuch parifh, townfhip, or place, out of the fines, forfeitures, compofitions, payments, and aflefTments, authorifed to be colledted and raifed by virtue of this aeft.

LXVI. And be it further enadled. That in all cafes where a veftry or publick meeting of the inhabitants of any parifh, townfhip, or place, is authorifedprdiredted by this a<5t, there (hall be , publick notice given of the day, hour, and place, of holding the faid meeting, at the church or chapel of fuch parifh, townfhip, or place,' on the Sunday next preceding fuch meeting, and alfo notice thereof in writing, fpecifying the purpofe of fuch meeting, fixed at the fame time upon the door of fuch church or chapel, and the fame (hall not be held till three days at leaft after fuch notice given; and if there be no church or chapel, the like notice of fuch meeting (hall be given in writing, and put up at the mod publick place therein, three days at leaft before fuch meeting.

LXVII. And be it further enaded. That if any perfon (hall refufe or negledt to pay the fum or fums aflefTed upon him, by any afleflment to be made in purfuance of this a<ft, within ten days after demand thereof made, the fame (hall and may be levied by the furveyor, or any other perfon or perfons authorifed, by warrant under the hand and feal of one juftice of the peace, having jurifdidtion therein, by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of the perfon fo’refufing or negledting, rendering the overplus to the owner or owners thereof, the neceflary charges of making fuch diftrefs and fale being firft deducted ; and in default of fuch diftrefs, ,it (hall be lawful for any fuch juftice to commit the perfon fo refufing or negie&ing to the common gaol, there to remain until he (hall have paid the fum fo aflefTed, and the cofts and charges occafioned by fuch negledt or refufal.

LXVIII. And be it further enadfed, That the furveyor of any parifh, townfhip, or place, (hall be deemed) in all cafes, a competent witnefs, in all matters relative to the execution of this adt, notwithftanding his falary may arife in part from the forfeitures and penalties hereby inflidted.

LXIX. And

Digitized by

Google

1773*1 Anno decimo tcrtio Georgii III. c. 78,	221

LXIX. And be it further enaCted, That the forms of pro-Concerning ceedings relative to the feveral matters contained in this aCt,thc f<*!?# of which are fet forth and exprefled in the fchedule hereunto annex- procc lnfig* ed, (hall be ufed, upon all occafions, with fuch additions or variations only as may be neceffary to adapt them to the particular exigencies of the cafe; and that no objection (hall be made, or advantage taken, for want of form in any fuch proceedings, by any perfon or perfons whomfoever.

LXX. And, in order to have the contents of this aCt morege- Printed ab-nerally communicated and known, be it further enaCted, That ftra&s to be the juftices of the peace,within their rcfpeCtive limits, (hall, at eve-	rur*

ry fpecial feflions to be held in the week next after the Michailmat y general quarter feflions of ,the peace, procure and deliver, or caufed to be procured and delivered, a printed abftraCt of the mod material parts of this aCt to every furveyor, to be then appointed by them refpeCtively, as the charge hereby directed to be given; and (hall alfo, at their faid fpecial felons, to be held in the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy three, deliver, or caufe to be delivered, to every of the faid furveyors, one other of the faid printed abftraCb of this aCt, for the ufe of the parifh, town-fliip, or place, for which the faid furveypr (hail be appointed ; which lad-mentioned abftraCt. the (aid furveyors are hereby re-One to be fpc&ively ordered and required to fix on the church or chapel fixed on the door, or other publick place, within their refpeCtive liberties, on church door* the next Sunday after they (hall fo receive the fame; and the.(aid furveyors (hall feverally pay to-the Jaid juftices’ clerks the fum of fixpence for each of the faid lad-mentioned printed abftraCts.

LXXI. And be it further enaCted, That in cafe any perfon or Perfons refift-perfons (hall refift or make forcible oppofition againft any perfon »ng the execu-or peifons employed in the due execution of this aCt, or makctionoflili4a^ any refeue of the cattle or other goods diftrained by virtue of this aCt; or if any condable, headborpugh, or tythingman, (hall re- 0r conftables fufe or negleCt to execute or obey any warrant or precept granted refufing to by any juflice of the peace, purfuant to the directions of this aCt; obey every fuch perfon offending therein, and being convicted thereof by a juflice of the peace, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit ahy toforfe|Jnot film not exceeding ten pounds, nor kfs than fortv fliillings, at exceeding 10I. the diferetion of the juflice before whom he or die (hall be fo nor left than conviCled; to be paid to the furveyor of the highways for thc4«»* parifh, townfhip, or place, where the offence was committed, to be laid out in the repair of the highways: and in cafe he or (he do not forthwith pay, or fecure to be paid, the faid forfeiture, after fuch conviction; then it (hall and may be lawful for fuch juflice of the peace to commit fuch perfon or perfons to the common gaol, or houfe of correction, of the limit where fuch offence (hall be committed, there to remain for any time not exceeding three months, unlefs the faid forfeiture (hall be fooner paid.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That all penalties an$l Forfeitures, forfeitures by this aCt impofed for any offence againft the fame, cofts, and and all cofts and charges to be allowed and ordered by the au- charges, may thority of this aCt, (the manner of levying and recovering ofj^^^y

which 1 r ™

Digitized by xjOOQlC

222

fate of the offender’s goods:

in what manner to be applied*

How to proceed when the offender lives within another juriidi&ion.

Warrant of diftrefs when to be iifued.

Anno decimo tertio Georoii III. C.78. C*773-

which is not hereby othcrwifc particularly directed), (hall be levied by diftrefs and fate of the goodrand chattels of the offender, or perfon liable or ordered to pay the fame refpeCtively, by warrant under the hand and feat of fome juftice of the peace for the limit where fuch offence, tiegleCt* or default, (hall happen, or fuch order for payment of fuch cofts or charges* (hall be made, rendering the overplus of fuch diftrefs (if any be) to the party or parties, after deducting the charges of making the fame; which warrant fuch juftice is hereby impOwered and required to grant, upon conviction of the offender, by confeflion, or upon the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, or upon order made as afbrefaid; and the penalties and forfeitures, when fo levied, (hall be paid, the one half to the informer, and the other half to the furveyor of the highway where fuch offence, negleCt, or default, (hall happen; to be applied towards the repair thereof, unlefs otherwife directed by this aCt; but in cafe the furveyor (hall be the informer, then the whole (hall be employed towards the repair of fuch highway: and in cafe fuch diftrefs cannot be found, and fuch penalties and forfeitures, or the faid cofts and charges, (hall not be forthwith paid, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch juftice, and he is hereby authorifed aqd reouired, by warrant under his hand and fea), to commit fuch offender or offenders, or perfon or perfons, liable to pay the fame refpeCtively, to the common gaol, or houfe of correction, of the limit where the offence (hall be committed, or fuch order as aforefaid (hall be made, for any time not exceeding three months, unlefs the faid penalty, forfeiture, cofts, and charges, (hall refpeCtively be fooner paid; and if fuch offender or offenders, or perfon or perfons, liable or ordered to pay the fame refpeCtively, (hall live out of the jurifdiCtion of the juftice hereby authorifed to grant fuch warrant, it (hall and maybe lawful for any juftice of the peace of the limit wherein fuch perfon (hall inhabit, and every fuch juftice is hereby required, upon requeft to him for that purpofe made, and upon a true copy of the conviction whereby fuch forfeiture or penalty was incurred, and of the order for the payment of fuch cofts and charges, produced and proved by a credible witnefs upon oath, by warrant under his hand and teal, to caufe the penalty or forfeiture mentioned in fuoh conviction, and the cofts and charges mentioned in fuch order, or fo much thereof as (hall not have been paid, to be levied by diftrefs and faleof the goods and chattels of fuch offender or offenders, or perfon or perfons, liable or ordered to pay the fame refpeCtively, as aforefaid; and if no fufficient diftrefs can be had, to commit fuch offender or offenders, or perfon or perfons, liable as-aforefaid, to the common gaol, or houfe of correction, of fuch limit, for the time and in manner aforefaid.

LXXIII. Provided neverthelefs. That no warrant of diftrefs, unlefs otherwife directed by this aCt, (hall be iffued for levying any penalty or forfeiture, cofts or charges, until fix days after the offender (hall have been convicted, and an order made and ferved upon him or her for payment thereof.

LXXIV. PrO-

Digitized byCjOOQlC

1773-1 Anno decimo tertio GeoRGII III. c. 78.	223

LXXIV. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That every The profecu-profecutor or informer may, at his election, fue for, and recover	r

any forfeiture or penalty impofed by this aft, which (hall amount <^4 for t to the fum of forty (hillings or upwards, (the manner of recovery forfeiture by thereof not being particularly directed by this aft), either in the information manner herein before directed, or by aftion at law, to be brought ^*0* bU ac-by fuch informer or profecutor in any of his Majefty’s courts of ^on a^law^if record, in manner following; (that is to fay), where any perfon it amount to (hall be liable to any fuch pecuniary penalty, it (hall and may be *ot. lawful to fue for and recover the fame by aftion of debt, in which it (hall be (ufficientto declare, that the defendant is indebted to the plaintiff in ttye fum of	being

forfeited by an aft, pafled in the thirteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft to explain, amende and reduce into one aft of parliament, theJlatutes now in being for the amendment and frefervation of the publick highways within toot part of Great Britain called England, and for other purpofes; and the plaintiff, if he recovers in any fuch actions, (hall have double cods.

LXXV. Provided, That there (hall not be more than one re- Within what covery for the fame offence; and that ten days notice, in writ- timc a^*on# ing, be given to the party offending previous to the commence- fenced, an!d* ment of fuch aftion; and that the fame be brought and com- what notice is menced within one calendar month after the offence for which to be given, fuch aftion is brought (hall have been committed.

LXXVI. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That no Coiwiftions conviftion (hall be had or made by virtue of this aft, unlefs upon ***£t0 be confeflion of the party accufed, or upon the oath of one or more m c* credible witnefs or witneffes, or upon the view of a juftice of peace, in the cafes before mentioned $ and that any inhabitant of *ohtb£ant any pari(h, townfhip, or place, in which any offence (hall he^”^a&0°® committed contrary to this aft, (hall be deemed a competent witnefs, notwithftanding his or her being an inhabitant of fuch pa* n£h,townfhip, or place.

LXXVII. And be it further enafted. That it (hall and may Jufticei may be lawful for any juftice of the peace to adminifter an oath to any edmmittec witnefs or witneffes, or other perfon or perfons, for the betteroa u difeovery and execution of the feveral matters or things hereinbefore authorifed or direfted to be examined, enquired into, or performed by fuch juftice.

. LXXVIII. And be it further enafted. That where any diftrefs Satisfaction (hall be made for any fum or fums of money to be levied by vir- recoverable tuc of this aft, the diftrefs itfelf (hall not be deemed unlawful, J^L^Ttoit nor the party or parties making the fame be deemed a trefpafler ftreu not un-or trefpaffers, on account of any default or want of form in any lawful for proceedings relating thereto, nor (hall the party or parties di- of for® Braining be deemed a trefpafler or trefpaflers ab initio, on account cccdbawT* of any irregularity which (hall be afterwards done by the party or parties diftraining, but the perfon or perfons aggrieved by fuch irregularity may recover full fatisfaftion for the fpecial damage in an aftion on the cafe.

LXXIX. Provided always. That no plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall Plaintiffs not

recover recofw w

Digitized by

Google

224 irregularity* if tender of amends be made.

Appeal may be made to

Suarter fef-ons by the perfon ag

Anno dccimo tertio Georgii III. c.78.	[1773,

recover in any a&ion for any irregularity, trefpafs, or wrongful proceedings, if tender of fufficient amends (hall be made by or on th* behalf of the party or parties who (hall have committed, or caufed to be committed, any fuch irregularity, trefpafs, or wrongful proceedings, before fuch adlion brought; and in cafe no fuch tender (hall have been made, it (hall and may be lawful for the defendant in any fuch adlion, by leave of the court where fuch adlion (hall depend, at any time before iflue joined, to pay into court fuch fum of money as he or they (hall fee fit, whereupon fuch proceedings or orders, and judgment, (hall be had, made, and given, in and by fuch court, as in other actions where the defendant is allowed to pay money into court.

LXXX. Provided alfo, and be it further enadtcd* That if any perfon (hall think himfelf or herfelf aggrieved by any thing done by any juftice or juftices of the peace, or other perfon, in the execution of any of the powers given by this a<51, and for which no grieved by any particular method of relief hath been already appointed, every thing done in fuch perfon may appeal to the juftices of the peace, at any gene-ofthis a6tl°n ra* <luartcr feffions of the peace to be held for the limit wherein the caufe of fuch complaint (hall arife, fuch appellant giving, or caufing to be given, notice in writing, of his or her intention to bring fuch appeal, and of the matter thereof, to the juftice, or other perfon or perfons againft whom fuch complaint (hall be made, within (ix days after the caufe of fuch complaint arofe, and within four days after fuch notice, entering into recognizance before fome juftice of the peace within fuch limit, with one fufficient furety, conditioned to try fuch appeal at, and abide the order of, and pay fuch cofts as (hall be awarded by the juftices at fuch quarter feffion; and every juftice of the peace, and other perfon, having received notice of fuch appeal, as aforefaid, (hall return all proceedings whatfoever had before them refpedlively, touching the matter of fuch appeal, to the faid juftices, at their general quarter feffions aforefaid, on pain of forfeiting five pounds for every fuch negledl; and the faid juftices at fuch feffion, upon due proof of fuch notice being given as aforefaid, and of the entering into fuch recognifance, (hall hear and finally determine the caufes and matters of fuch appeal in a fummary way, and , award fuch cofts to the parties appealing or appealed againft, as they the faid juftices (hall think proper; to be levied and recovered as hereiri-before diredlec) ; and the determination of fuch quarter feffion (hall be final and conclufive to all intents and pur-Proceedings pofes; and that no proceedings to be had or taken in purfuance of not to be this a<5t (hall be quaffied or vacated for want of form, or removed want*of form ^ Certiorari 9 or any other writ or proccfs whatfoever, (except no”remove. as herein-before mentioned), into any of his Majefty’s courts of oble by Certio- record at Wejiminjler, any law or ftatute to the contrary notwitli-mri.	(landing: provided, that no fuch appeal (hall be made againft any

convidlion for any penalty or forfeiture incurred by virtue of this a<5t, unlefs the perfon convidled (hall, at the time of fuch conviction, if he or (he (hall be then prefent, if not, within fix days after, give notice of his or her intention to appeal, and at the fame

time

Digitized by uooQle

22 5

rime 'enter into recognizance with fufficient fureties to pay fuch penalty or forfeiture, in cafe fuch convidion (hall be affirmed upon fuch appeal; and upon his or her giving fuch fecurity, the further proceeding for fuch penalty or forfeiture (hall be fufpend-ed until fuch appeal (hall be heard and determined.

LXXXI. And be it further enaded, That if any adion or fuit Limitation of (hall be commenced againft any perfon or perfcns for any thinga^lon5# done or aded in purfuance of /this ad; then, and in every fuch cafe, fuch adion or fuit (hall be commenced or profecuted within three calendar months after the fad committed, and not afterwards ; and the fame, and every fuch adion or fuit, (hall be brought within the county where the fad was committed, and not clfewhere ; and the defendant or defendants, in every fuch adion or fuit, (hall and may plead the general iiTue, and give General iffue. this ad, and the fpecial matter, in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this pretent ad: and if the fame (hall appear to have been fo done, or if any fuch adion or fuit (hall be brought after the time limited for bringing the fame, or be brought or laid in any other place than as aforementioned, then the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuit, or difeontinue his, her, or their adion, after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, or if, upon demurrer, judgtnent (hail be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall and may recover treble Treble cods, cofts, and have the like remedy for recovery thereof, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in any other cafes by law.

LXXXII. And be it further enaded, That this ad (hall com- When the ad men^e and take place, with relped to the aflembling of the commences, householders and others, and the making and delivering of lifts of perfons qualified to ferve the office of furveyor, and the giving notices to the perfons contained in fuch lifts, upon the twenty-firft day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-three; and, with relped to all the other matters and things herein contained, on the eleventh day of Onober, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-three.

LXXXIII. And, to the intent that there may be only one Ad 7 Geo. j. law fubfifting for the fcveral purpofes aforefaid, be it further en- repealed, aded and declared, That from and after the tenth day of October, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-three, an ad, pa (Ted in the feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An an to explain, amend, and reduce into one an of parliament, the fevered thtutes now in being for the amendment and prefer Ration of the pub-lick highways of this kingdom, and fGr other purpofes therein men- ' honed, (except fo much thereof as repcals^the fcveral ads, and parts of ads, therein mentioned, which are not revived by an • ad, paffed in the eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An an to explain, amend, and render more effenual an an, pajfcd ifi the feventh year of his prefent Majejly's reign, intituled, An ad to explain, amend, and reduce into one ad of parliament, the feveral ftatutes now in being for the amendment and prefer -

Vo*. XXX,	Q,	*	vation

Digitized by LjOOQie

pa/s their accounts at fpecial feflions after Michael mas next.

Exceptions relative to Bi iftol}

* Anno dccimo tercio Georgh III. c. 78.	[*773*

ration of the publick highways of this kingdom, and for other purpofes therein mentioned, (hall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

Surveyors ap- LXXXIV. Provided neverthclefs, That the fcveral furveyors pointed under appointed under the authority of the faid adt, patted in the fe-7 Geo. 3. to vcnth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, (hall produce fuch books and lifts, and pafs their accounts, before the juftices at their refpedtive fpecial feflions, to be holden within their refpedtive limits, in the Week next after the Michaelmas quarter feflions, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy three, and pay the balances thereof, in fuch manner as they ought to have done at the fpecial feflions, which was by the faid aft to have been held on the firft Monday in OSfobery or within fifteen days after; and if the juftices (hall appoint any furveyor or furveyors under the authority of the faid adt, fuch appointment (hall be void, and of no effedt.

LXXXV. Provided always, and be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That nothing in this adt contained, touching the making and returning lifts of perfons qualified to be furveyors of the highways, and the appointment of fuch furveyors, nor the repeal ot part of an adt, made in the third year of King William and Queen Mary, relating to fuch furveyors, (hall extend, or be conftrued, deemed, or taken to extend to the city of Briftol; but that the feveral adts of parliament which have been paued previous to this adt, relative to furveyors of the highways, and to cleanfing, paving, lighting, and regulating the ftreetsand other places within the faid city, (hall remain in full force, and be executed in as full and ample manner and form, to all intents and purpofes, as the fame might or ought to have been, if this adt had never been made.

LXXXVI. Provided alfo. That nothing in this adt (hall extend, of be deemed or conftrued to extend, to the pari(h of Saint Maty Matfelon, otherwife IVhitechapel, and Saint John of Wap-pingy in the county of Middlefex% or either of them.

LXXXVII. Provided always, and be it further ena£ted,That commifltoners nothing in this adt contained (hall extend, or be deemed orcon-ftrued to extend, to alter, reftrain, or abridge, the powers or au-***&*• thorities given to the commiflioners of fewers by any adt or adts of parliament whatfoever, or to vary or after any of the provifions or regulations thereby made, diredted, or provided; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

and Saint Mary Matfelon, &c.

Powers of

THE

Digitized by v^ooQle

THE

SCHEDULE

(Stating the forms) to which this aft refers.

Warrant for calling the meeting of the houfeholders, and for fixing that of the juftices for appointing fur-veyors.

Middlefex. To the conjiabks, headborougbs, and tytbingthen, within the (Hundred) Riding) Divifion) Liberty) or Precinft) as the cafe (hall be) of	in	the	Jaid county.

IN order to carry into execution an aft, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his majefty King George the Third, for the amendment and prefervation of the publick highways, you are hereby feverally required forthwith to give publick notice to the churchwardens, furveyors of the highways, and houfeholders, being aflefled to any parochial or publick rate within your refpeftive liberties, that thiy do aflemble on the twenty-fecond day of September next, at the church or chapel, or if there (hall be no church or chapel, then at the ufual place of publick meetings within their refpeftive liberties, at the hour of eleven in the forenoon ; and that the major part of them fo aflcmbled do make a lift of the names of at leaft ten perfons living therein, who each of them have an eftate in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, lying within the fame, in their own right, or in right of their wives, of the value of ten pounds by the year j or a perfonal eftate of the value of one hundred pounds; or are occupiers or tenants of houfes, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of the yearly value of thirty pounds : and if there (hall not be ten perfons having fuch qualifications, then that they do infert in fuch lift the names of fo many of fuch perfons as are fo qualified, together with the names of the moft fufficient and able inhabitants not fo qualified, as (hall make up the number ten, if fo many can be found, if not, fo many as (hall be there refident, to ferve the office of furveyor of the highways : and you are alfo feverally required, within three days after making the faid lift, to deliver a copy thereof to one of the juftices of peace of the faid (Hundred) Riding) Divi-> fioeiy See.) as the cafe /ball be) living in or near the fame {Parifa &c.) ; and alfo to give perfonal notices to, or caufe notices in writing to bp left at the places of abode of the fevcral perfons



con-

Digitized by

228

Anno dcdmo tertio Georgii III. C.78.	[1773.

contained in fuch lift, informing them of their being fo named, to the intent that they may feverally appear before the faid juftices at their fpecial feffions to be holden at within the faid (	Hundred,Sic.) on the	day of

now next enfuing, at the hour of in the forenoon of the fame day, to accept fuch office, if they fhall be appointed thereto, or to (hew caufe, if they have any, againft their being appointed; and you are likewife to give notice to the prefent furveyors of the highways, within your re-fpective liberties, to appear at the fame time and place, and pro* duce fuch accounts and lifts before the faid juftices as are required by the faid adt j and you, and each of you are perfonally to appear before the faid juftices, at their faid fpecial feiCons, and then and there feverally deliver to the faid juftices the faid origi. nal lift or lifts taken within your refpedtive liberties, and give an account of the execution of this our precept.

Given under our hands and feals, the day of _	in	the	year of our Lord, 17

N°. II.

Lift of perfons to be returned to the juftices.

A	Lift of the fevered perfons named for furveyors of the highways for

the (infert the name of the parifh, townfhip, or place) at a meeting held at	in	the	faid	(Parilh,

the	by	Of	17

A.	B.

C. D. fcfr.

WE whofe names are fubferibed, being two parts in three of the perfons aftembled at the meeting aforefaid, do This to be agree in the choice of A. as a fit perfon to ferve the office added, when of furveyor for the (infert the	Sic.)	aforefaid,	and	in	the

perfonls re- aN°waPce to him of	for	his	trouble	in

commended*, executing the fame for the year enfuing; and we do recommend the faid A. B. to the juftices for their appointment accordingly.

N°. III.

Notice to the perfons contained in the lift.

A B. take notice, That you was at a meeting held at (infert "*** the name of the	parijh, See.) on the day of

named as one of the perfons to be returned to the juftices as fit to ferve the office of furveyor for the faid (Parijh, See.) for the year enfuing; and if you have any caufe to (hew why you (hould not be appointed to ferve fuch ofijee, you muft make the fame appear before the juftices.

Digitized by UooQle

at their fpecial fcffions to be holden at	on	the

day of	next.

r Conftable, j T>) Headborough, or Tithingman,

L(as the cafe fall be.)

229

N*. IV.

Order to the (Conftable, &c.) to return to the juftices the amount of a fixpenny affefiment.

Middlefex. To the (Conftable, £*,) of

YOU are hereby required to return to us, and the other juftices, to be aflembled at the fpecial feflipns to be held at	for	the	(Hundred, See.) of	in the faid county,

on the	day	of	next,

the amount of the laft afteftment of fixpence in the pound, for the ufe of the highways within your liberty, if any fuch has been raifed ; if not, what you apprehend, from the beft information you can get, an equal afteftment of fixpence in the pound upon all and every the occupiers of lands, tenements, woods, tithes, and hereditaments, within the faid liberty, according to their yearly value, will amount to.

Given under our hands this	day

of	17

N°. V.

Return to the juftices of the amount of a fixpenny afleff-

ment.

To the juftices affembled at their fpecial fefftons at the	day	of	17

IN obedience to your order, I do return and certify, that the laft afteftment of iixpence in the pound, for the ufe of the highways within the liberty of	amounted

to the him of

[If no ajfejfment of fixpence in the pound hath been made, then as under.)

IN obedience to your order, I do return and certify, that no afteftment hath been made of fixpence in the pound, for the ufe of the highways within the liberty of but I apprehend, from the beft information which I have been able to get, that an equal afteftment of fixpence in the pound, upon all the occupiers of lands, tenements, woods, tithes, and hereditaments, within the faid liberty, will amount to the fum of

A. B. (Conftable, &c.)

Q.3	N°.	Vk

Digitized by v^ooQle

1

l$0

This to be inferred when a furveyor is apppointed with a falary.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 78. [177

N\ VI.

Appointment of a furveyor.

Middlesex. At a fpecial feffions, held at	it1 the

hundred of	by jvjlices of the peace for the faii

county , a fling within the faid hundredr on the day of	17

WE do hereby nominate and appoint A. B. Sec. of (infert the name of the parijhy Sec. where he lives) in the laid hundred, furveyor {or furveyors) of the highways within the faid (Parijh, See.) for the year enfuing; (and we do allow the faid A. B. the falary of	for

his trouble :) and you the faid A. B. are faithfully and truly to execute the faid office of furveyor, according to the directions of the ftatute, pafTed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his majefty King George the Third* “ For the amendment and pre-fervation of the highways,” an abftraft of .the material parts of which ftatute is hereunto annexed.

Given under our hands and feals, the day and year above mentioned.

N°. VII.

Bond from the furveyor.

WE A. B. furveyor of the highways for the (Parijby Town-Jbip9 See.) of	and C.	D.

of	are	bound	to	E. F.

of	aforefaid,	in	the	fum	of

pounds to be paid to the faid E. F. his executors, adminiftrators, or afligns j for which payment we hereby bind ourfelves feverally, and each of our heirs, executors, and adminiftrators.

Dated the	day	of	17

The condition of this bond is fuch, that if the faid A. B. his executors, or adminiftrators, (hall duly and faithfully account for, apply, and pay, all and every the turn and fums of money which fhall come to his hands, as furveyor of the highways for the {Parijhy Sec.) according to the direction and true intent and meaning of the ftatute made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his majefty King George the Third, “ For the amendment and prefervation of the highways,” then this bond to be void, or elfe to remain in full force.

N°. VIII.

Appointment of an afiiftant to the furveyor.

Middlefex.	At a fpecial feffions, held at

in the hundred of	by	jufticet of the peace

for the faid county, a fling within the faid hundred, on the day of	17

WE do hereby nominate and appoint C. D. a fubftantial inhabitant of the {Parijh, See.) of	in	the

faid

Digitized by v^ooQle

231

1773*1 Anno decimo tertio GeoRGH III. C. 78, faid hundred, affiftant to A. B. whom we have appointed fur-veyor of the highways for the faid (Parijb, &c.) ; and you the faid C. D. are, to the beft of your (kill and judgement, to affift the faid furveyor, whenever requeued by him, in calling in and attending the performance of die ftatute-duty, in colle&ing the compoiitions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, and in making and collediing the afleflments, and in making out, and ferving, the notices authorifed by the alt, pafled in the thirteenth year of the reign of his majefty King George the Third, 44 For the amendment and prefervation of the highways,” and in fuch other matters and things as (hall be reafonably required of you by the faid furveyor, in the execution of his office of furveyor, purfuant to the (aid alt; and you are juftly and truly to account with, and pay to, the faid furveyor, or to his order, the money which (hall come to your hands by the means aforefaid.

Given under our hands and feats, the day and year above mentioned.

N-. IX.

Oath to be adminiftered to the furveyor upon paffing his

accounts.

1A. B. do fwear. That the accounts now produced and delivered by me, as furveyor of the highways for the (Parijb% &V.) of	for	the	laft	year, are juft

and true, to the beft of my knowledge.

So help me GOD.

N°. X.

Allowance of the accounts,

Oflober, 17

'J^HESE accounts were examined and allowed before

N*. XI.

Notice from the furveyor to remove nuifances and ob-ftrultions, and to cut hedges, 6?r.

To C. D. of

IN purfuance of the direliions given by the all, pafled in the thirteenth year of the reign of his majefty King George the Third, *4 For the amendment and prefervation of the highways,”

I A. B. furveyor of the highways for the [Parijb, See. of	To remove

do hereby give you notice, forthwith to remove nuifaners and the (Dung) Timber) Stone, &c.) placed by you in a certain part obltru&ion*. of the King’s highway, lying between	and

in the (Pari/b9 &c.) of	to

the obftrultion and annoyance of the faid highway; ort (forth?

^4	with.

Digitized by

Google

232	Anno	decimo terrio Georgii III. C. 78.	[1773.

To cut and with to cut, prune, and plafli the hedges, and cut or prune the

prune hedges, trees, and to open, cleanfe, and fcour the feveral ditches and

prunetrees^	^tercourfes, belonging to	you) in	or near the highway, lying

and to open	between	and	to the intent that	the

and fcour	water may	be drained from	the faid	highway, and that the	fun

ditches and	anc[ wjnd	may not be excluded from fucli highway, to	the

watercourfei. prcjudice thereof.

Dated this	day	of	17

A. B.

N°. XII.

Allowance of charges and expences paid by furveyors, which are to be repaid by the poffefiors of the lands, t£c. and order of the juftice for that purpofe.

Middkfex. 1X7 HE RE AS complaint hath been made unto V V me A. B. efquire, one of his Majefty-$ juftices of peace for the faid county, by the oath of	lurveyor	of

the highways for the parifh of	in	the	faid	county,

that C. D. of	having	had	due	notice to cut

and prune his hedges, and cleanfe and fcour his ditches and watercourfes, within or adjoining to the publick highway between	and	in	the	faid parith of

hath neglefted to do the fame wifhin the time required by fuch notice, and that the faid 1	hath caufed the fame refpe&ively

to be cut, pruned, cleanfed, and fcoured, purfuant to the directions of the a&, pafled in the thirteenth year of the reign of his majefty King George the Third, “ For the amendment and pre-fervation of the highways,” and hath expended therein the fum of	as appears by an account now pro-

duced to me, which I think a reafonable charge, and do therefore allow the fame, and hereby order the faid C. D. to pay the faid fum of	to	the	faid

within fix days from the time of his being ferved with this order.

Given under my hand and fcal, this	day

of	17

N6. XIII.

Order of a juftice of peace to make new drains.

Middlefex. To C. D. of	furveyor of the

highways for the (Parifh, £s*V.) of

WHEREAS complaint hath been made to me A. 5.

efquire, one of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the ftid county, that the ditchn gutter, or watercourfe, for conveying the water from the highway at	in	the	(Pari/b9 &c.)

of	in	the	faid county, is not fufficient for that

purpofe, and that the cleanling and opening the fame will not effectually carry off the laid water, but that the faid highway ,	-	may

Digitized by LjOOQle

1773.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c.78.	233

may be effectually drained, and the water carried off, by making a new ditch or drain through the lands or grounds of lying near the fame for the length of	yards,	and the

breadth of	feet; and the faid

having been duly fummoned to appear before me, to (hew caufe, if he had any, why the faid ditch or drain (hould not be made, and the faid	not appearing, or (not (hewing

fufficient caufe againft the fame,) and it appearing to me that fuch ditch or drain is neceffary, I do hereby order and require you to enter into and upon the faid lands of the faid

and there make, pr caufe to be made, a new ditch or drain of the length and breadth aforefaid, and of a convenient depth, making or tendering fufficient fatisfaCtion to the laid	for	the	damages	to be done thereby within one

calendar month after the fame (hall be fo made; fuch damages to be fettled and afcertained in manner directed by the aCt patted in the thirteenth year of the reign of his majefty King George the Third, “ For the amendment and prefervation of the highways.**

Given under my hand, this	day

of	17

*	N°.	XIV.

Notice of application to be made for an afleffment.

AGddlefex. OTICE is hereby given, that application will xN be made to the juftices of the peace aCting for the (Hundred) of	in	the faid county, at their fpecial

ieffions, to be held at	in	the faid (Hundred,) on

the	day	of	one	thoufand	(even

hundred	for	an equal afieflinent to be made,

not exceeding	in	the	pound upon all and every the

occupiers of lands, tenements, woods, tithes, and hereditaments, within the (Parijb, &c.) of	for

the ufc and benefit of the highways, within the faid (Parijb, &c.) Dated this	day	of	17

A. B. furveyor.

N°. XV.

Order at fpecial feffions for an aflelTment of fixpence in

the pound.

Middlefex.	At a fpecial feffions for the highway;, held at

in the hundred of	in the faid county, the

day of	17	by juftices of peace for

the faid county afiing within the faid hundred.

UPON application made to us by the fujveyor of the highways for the (Parifhj &c.) of	and upon evi-

dence given upon oath before us, (that the duty directed to be performed, and the money authorifed to be collected and received, by an aCt, palled in the thirteenth year of the reign of

hia

Digitized by

Google

*3*

IfnoafleiT-merit has been made for buying matcriais, &c. this may amount to nine-pence in the pound $ but if a fix-pence aflfcff-menthad been made before, it mad be only threepence.

Thefe latter words may be <added here, tf there has been no tbf- * mer a(Te(T-inent for thofe purpofes.

(When it is

only to be widened,leave out the words in italick,.and infert,)

But may bs eonvenuntly enlarged and •widened, by adding thereto from

or, widened 4sd enlarged.

Anno dccimo tertio Georgii III. C.78. [1773^

his majefty King George the Third, *• For the amendment and prefervation of the highways,1’ have been performed, applied, and expended, according to the dire&ions of the faid ad:) cr9 (we are fully fatisfied, that the common highways, bridges, caufeways, ftreets, and pavements, belonging to the (Parijb, &c.) of	are	fo	far	out of order, that

they cannot be fufficiently amended and repaired, paved, cleanf-ed, and fupported, by the means preferibed by the faid ad:) and it appearing to us, that notice has been duly given cf fuch intended application, according to the diredion of the faid ad, we do hereby order, dired, and appoint, that an equal afteff-ment, not exceeding the fum of

in the pound, upon all and every the occupiers of lands, tenements, woods, tithes, and hereditaments, within thfe faid {Pa-rijhy &c.) of	fhall	be	forthwith made

by the faid furveyor, and (hall be allowed by one juftice of the peace for the faid hundred, and (hall be colleded by the faid furveyor, and that the money fo to be aflefied and colleded (hall be applied for and towards the amending, repairing, paving, cleanfing, and fupporting fuch highways, caufeways, ftreets, pavements, and bridges, (and for buying materially making fatisfaction for damageSy erecting guide-pojhy and paying the furveyor*s Jala-ryy) according to the diredion and true intent' and meaning of the faid ad.

A. B.

C. Dm

N°. XVI.

Order of two juftices for [widening] Or [diverting and turning] a highway.

Middlefex, IT TE,	two of	his

VV Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the faid county, acting within the (Hundred, &c.) of within the faid county, having, upon view, found that a certain part of the highway between	and

in the (Parijby &c.) of	in	the	faid {Hundred,)

for the length of	yards,	or	thereabouts,	and	particu-

larly deferibed in the plan hereunto annexed, is for the greateft part thereof narrow, and cannot be conveniently enlarged and made commodiout for travellerj, without diverting and turning the fame; and having viewed a courfe propofed for the faid new highway, through the lands and grounds of	and

of the length of	yards	or thereabouts,

and of the breadth of	feet,	or	thereabouts,	particu-

larly deferibed in the plan hereunto annexed which we think will be much more commodious to the publick; we do hereby order, that the faid highway be diverted and turned through the lands aforefaid ; and that the furveyor of the* highways for the [Parijby &c.) of	where	the	faid old highway

lies, do forthwith proceed to treat and make agreement with

the

Digitized by v^.ooQle

1773-] Anno decimo tcrtio GeoRGII III. c.78.	235

the faid	and	for the recoin-

pence to be made for the faid ground, and for the making fuch ditches and fences as (hail be neceffary, in fuch manner, with fuch approbation, and by purfuing fuch meafures and directions in all refpeCts, as are warranted and prefcribed by the ftatute, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his majefty King George the Third, “ For the amendment and prefervation of the highways : ” and in cafe fuch agreement (hall be made as aforefaid, we do order an equal affeflment, not exceeding the rate of fixpence in the pound, to be made, levied, and collected, upon all and every the occupiers of lands, tenements, woods, tithes, and hereditaments, in the faid (Parijb, &c.) of and that the money arifing thereupon be paid and applied in making fuch recompence and fatisfaCtion, as aforefaid, purfuant to the directions of the faid aCt.

A. B.

C.D.

N°. XVII.

Certificate from the faid juftices to the court of quarter #	feflions.

7b the juftices of the peace, at their general quarter fejfmsy to le This is to be

held at	in the faid county, the	wrote upon

the above or-

(*ay v	17	der, when no

WE the within named A. B. and C. D. do hereby certify agreement to the faid court of quarter feflions, that we made and catt bc madc* figned the within order, and that with our approbation, and by our direction, the faid furveyor hath treated with the faid

and	for	the

faid lands required for the purpofes aforefaid, but was not able to make any agreement for that purpofe with them, or either of them ; and that he tendered to the faid the fum of	and to the faid

the fum of	as a recompence for the faid

ground, and for the making the faid ditches and fences, which they, and each of them, refufed to receive.

A. B.

C.D.

N°. XVIII.

Order for flopping up the old highway, and felling the land and foil thereof.

WE wbofe names arc fubferibed, being the juftices of peace

who have viewed the feveral highways deferibed in the if there are

plans hereunto annexed, and made an order for diverting the more high-

old highway; and being fatisfied that the new highway therein way* than

deferibed is properly made, and fit for the reception of travellers,	*

do hereby order the faid old highway, being of the length oftherefliould

yards, and of the breadth of	be a feparate

feet, upon a medium, as appears by the laid plan, to bc flopped ord*r m

caco.

up*

Digitized by

Google

Thu to be in-ferted where necefiary, and to be varied as the circum-fiance* of the cafe may require.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 78.	[1773.

up, and the land and foil thereof to be fold by the (aid furveyor to	whofe	land adjoins thereto, if he (hall be willing

to purchafe the (acne, for the fell value thereof, if not, to fome other perfon or perfons, fot the full value thereof: (referving nevertheleft to	a	free paflage for perfons,

horfes, cattle, and carriage*, through the land and foil of the faid old highway to and from the (Land, See.) belonging to him, called	according	to	his	ancient ufage thereof.)

N°. XIX.

Certificate to be wrote under the order above mentioned.

WE, the above-named juftices, do certify, That the old highway, herein-before mentioned and deferibed, was fold by the faid furveyor to	with	our	approbation, for the fum of	which fum we do

order the faid	to	pay	to	the	faid	furveyor,

to be applied in purchafing the land, and making the faid new highway ; and if any furplus remains, we do order that the fame (hall be applied for the ufe of the highways within the (aid (Parijby See.) ot

N°. XX.

Receipt for the purchafe-money to be indorfed upon, or wrote under, the certificate above mentioned.

RECEIVED the	day of	from

the faid	the	fum of

being the full confideration-money for the purchafe of the faid old highway herein-before deferibed, purfuant to the faid orders and certificate.

N°. XXI.

Order of two juftices for diverting and turning a (pubBck highway, bridleway, or footway, as the cafe Jhall be) through the lands of any perfon who confents thereto.

Middlefex. TX7E,	and efquires, two	of

VV his Majefty’s juftices of peace for the faid county, at a fpecial feffions held at	in	the	hundred

of	in	the faid county, on the

day of	one	thoufand	feven	hundred

having, upon view, found, that a certain part of a [Highway^ Scc.) within the (Parijb, &c.) of	in	the

faid hundred, lying between	and

for the length of	yards,	or

thereabouts, and particularly deferibed in the plan hereunto annexed may be diverted and turned (o as to make the fame nearer (or more commodious) to the publick ; and having viewed a courfe, propofed for the new highway, in lieu thereof, through

the

Digitized by

Google

*37

1773-] Anno decimo tertio Georgji III. c. 78. '

the lands and grounds of	of	the	length	of

yards, or thereabouts, and of the breadth of feet or thereabout, particularly defcribed in the plan hereunto annexed, and having received evidence of the confent of the faid	to	the	faid	new	highway

being made through his lands herein-before defcribed by writing under bis hand and Teal, we do hereby order that the faid high* way be diverted and turned through the lands aforefaid ; and we do order an equal aflefimenf, £3U. (in the fame form as before mentioned.)

N*. XXII.

Confent from the owners of the land through which a new highway is propofed to be made.

Iyf. B. of	in	the county of	being

owner of the lands defcribed in the plan hereunto annexed, through which part of a certain highway, lying between

and	is	intended to be diverted and

turned, (in confideration of the fum of	to	be	paid

to me for the faid land, and ^he foil thereof) ory (in confideration of faid old highway being fold, exchanged, and to be vetted in me, and alfo of fhe fum of	to	be

paid to me,) (as the cafe may bey) do hereby confent to the making and continuing fuch new highway through my faid lands.

Given under my hand and feal, this	day

of	17

N°. XXIII.

Licence from juftices of peace, at a fpecial feffions to get materials for* the repair of the highways in another parilh, befides that wherein fuch materials are to be employed.

Middlefex.	At a fpecial feffions, held at for	the

(Hundred) of	in	the	faid county, by juftices

of the peace for the faid county a fling within the faid (Hundred,) on the	day	of	17

IiT appearing to us, upon evidence, this day received, that fufficient materials cannot conveniently be had within the watte lands, common grounds, rivers, or brooks, nor in the inclofed lands or grounds, lying within the (Parifby &c.) of A. in the faid (Hundred,) for the repair of the highways within the faid (Parijh, &c.) nor in the watte lands, common grounds, rivers, or brooks, within the (Parijh) of B. adjoining to the faid (Parifby &c.) of A. we do hereby give our licence to the fur-veyor for the faid (Parifly) of A. to fearch for, dig, get,' and carry fand, gravel, chalk, (tone, and other, materials, within the

Digitized by

Google

/

Anno dccimo terdo Georgii III. c. 78. [1773.

inclofcd lands or grounds of C. D. within the faid (Parijb, &c.) of B. to be employed in the repair of the highways withia the faid (Parijb) of A. it appearing from evidence laid before us, that there are proper materials within the faid lands for the purpofes afore fa id, lying convenient to the faid highways ; and that after fuch materials fhall be fo taken, there will be tufficient left for the ufe of the highways within the faid (Parijb) of B. upon the faid furveyors making fatisfa&ion and recompence for the fame, in the manner directed by the act, parted in the thirteenth year of the reign of his majefty King George the Third, “ For the amendment and prefcrvation of the highways,” fub-jedt to fuch reftridtion^ as are therein contained.

Given under our hands and feals, the day and year above written.

A. B.

C. D.

N6. XXIV.

Licence from a juft ice of peace, for a furveyor to gather ftones upon inclofed lands. for the repair of the highways.

Middlefex. To the furveyor of the highways for the (Parifh) cf in the (Hundred) of	in	the

faid county.

WHEREAS bjr an adt, parted in the thirteenth year of the reign of his majefty King George the Third, <c For the amendment and prefervation of the highways,” the furveyors are authorifed to gather ftones lying upon any lands or grounds within their liberty, for the ufe and benefit of the highways, but not without the confent of the occupiers of fuch lands, or a licence from a juftice of peace for that purpofe: and whereas it appears to me, £. £. one of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the faid county, and adiing within the faid (Hundred, &c.) upon the oath of the faid furveyor, that he hath applied to A. B. of	for	his confent to gather ftones

from the lands called or known by the names of and	in his occupation, within the faid (Parijb^ See.)

for tbe purpofes aforefaid, and that the faid ftones are neceflary for the repair of the faid highways, and that the faid A. 8. hath refufed to permit the fame to be gathered ; and the faid A. B. having been duly fummoned to appear before me, to fliew caufe why fuch permifiion ftiould not be granted, and (having appeared before me accordingly or, (having fent bis Jleward or agent \) or, (C. D. on bis behalf to attend me upon that occafm\) or, (but not having appeared) I have heard what has been alledged, and taken the faid matter into conftderatkm, and am of opinion, that the fajd ftones are necertary, and ought to be gathered and carried away for the purpofes aforefaid, therefore I do hereby

give

Digitized by Google

*39

*773*] Ann0 decimo tertio GeoRgii III. c. 78.

give my licence to the faid furveyor to take and carry away the lame accordingly.

Given under my hand apd Teal, the

i7

N°. XXV.

day of

Notice to perform ftatute duty, (to be given four days before the day on which the duty is to be performed.)

AB. you are hereby required to fend a team, with two able If he does not . men, to	within	xht	pari/b etc.) of next, 9^cuPy’*nd*»

at	o’clock	in	the morning of each day, in order to per- Ja*ue

form fuch duty upon the highways within the faid	of 301, in fuch

as (hall be required by the furveyor, purfuant to the direction of parifh, See. he the a iff, palTed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his majefty ** on|yto fend King George the Third, “ For the amendment and prefervation °"e ,nan'

“ of the highways.” (When perfonal labour is	),	you	are	*r * canfwkh

hereby required, by yourfelf, or a fufficient labourer to attend, two horfes, or etc.	one horfe only.

Dated this	day	of	17	is required, let

4	'	il be exprtiled.

N°. XXVI.

Notice for compoOtions.

NOTICE is hereby given. That all perfons who are inclined to compound for their ftatute-duty within the (pari/b, etc.) of	are hereby required to lignify their

intention to compound for the fame to	the furveyor

of the highways for the faid (pari/b, etc.) at the houfe of

of	on	the	day	of	this inftant November, between the hours of	and	'	and

they are hereby required at the fame time, or within the fpace of one month after, to pay their compofition money to the faid furveyor; and alfo, that all perfons, who are liable to pay money for the lands, tenements, woods, tithes, and hereditaments, which they occupy, or, in lieu of their duty within the faid (pari/b, etc.) according to the a<5t made in the thirteenth year of his majefty King George the Third, “ For the amendment and “ prefervation of the highways,” are required to pay the fame to the faid furveyor, on the day, or within the time aforefaid. Dated this	day	of	, 17

B.	furveyor.

N°, XXVII.

Order for ftatute-duty to be performed in kind. Middlefex. At a fpecial fejjions, held at in the (hundred) of	in	the faid county, the

day of	17 by	of	the peace for tbe

faid county, ailing within the faid (hundred).

IT appearing to us, from the information which we have received, that there will be difficulty in procuring the necefla-ly [carriage), or, (a fufficient number cf labourers) (as tbe cafe

/ball

Digitized by

Google

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 78.	[1773.

Jball be) for the repair of the highways within the {parijhy etc.) of	within	the	faid	(hundred)	without	paving high

and extravagant prices for the fame, we do hereby order and direct (the team-duty within the faid (parijhy etc.) except fuch teams where the owners thereof do not occupy lands, tenements, woods, tithes, or hereditaments, within the faid (parijhy etc.) of the annual value of thirty pounds), or, (one naif of the team-duty, &c.) or, (the labourers liable to perform ftatute-duty within the faid parifh, £s7.) (as the cafe lhall be) to perform their ftatute-duty in kind within the faid {parijhy fcfr.) according to the authority and directions of the a £t, pa fled in the thirteenth year of the reign of his majefty King George the Third, “ For the amendment and prefervation of the highways/*

N°. XXVIII.

Notice to the furveyor of the times fixed by the inhabitants for being excufed from doing their ftatute-duty.

To the furveyor of the highways for the (parifh, Ifc.) of in the county of

I A. B. (conjlable) headborough) tithing man) y of the laid {pa* rijby Sic.) do hereby give you notice. That the inhabitants of the faid (parijhy &c.) did, at a vefiry or publick meeting, held on the	day	of	one	thoufand feven

hundred	agree	to	take	the benefit of the

indulgence of three months, for not performing their ftatute-duty given by the legiflature, in the ad parted in the thirteenth year of the reign of his majefty King George the Third, tc For c< the amendment and prefervation of the highways/* at the times following; videlicet, That they (hall not be called upon to perform fpeh duty between the	day of

and the	day	of	(which they con-

fider as the feed month), nor between the	day	of

and the	day	of	(which they con-

fider as the hay harveft month), nor between the day of	and	the	day	of

(which they confider as the com harveft month): [The Ule no* tice to be given to the furveyor or furveyors of the turnpike roads y where there are any fuch within the {parijhy &c.)J

N°. XXIX.

Order of the juftices at their fpecial feffions, for the repair of certain highways which mod want repair.

Middlefex. At a fpecial fejfionsy held at	in	tit

(hundred) of	in	the	faid county, the

day of '	17	by juftices of the peace for the

faid county ailing within the faid (hundred.)

To the furveyors of the highways for the (parifh, &c.) of in the faid (hundredj.

IT

Anno dedmo tertlo Georgii III. c^8.

IT appearing to us,,That the highway lying between

and	within your liberty, is very

founderous, and in bad repair, and being of great publick ufe, we do hereby order that you repair, or caufe the fame to be repaired, before the	day	of	next.

Given under our hands and feals, this	day

of	17

N#. XXX.

A precept for eredting guide pods, $£C.

Middlefex. At a /pedal feffions, held at	far	tig

(hundred) of	in thejaid county y before ju/licet

of the peace for the fold county, a fling, within the find (hundred), on the	day of	17

To the furveyor of the (parifh) of	in the	find

(hundred).

YOU arc hereby required forthwith to efedt, or caufe to be eredted, in the mod convenient place upon the highway lying between	and	within youf

liberty, where the roads crofs or branch out, a guide-pod, with proper inferiptions painted on both tides thereof, in large legible letters, denoting the towns of	and

(or other places, as the juftices/ball think mofi proper).

\JVhtre graduated /tones or po/ls are nece/fary to prevent aeddentt from deep waters, vary it as under:'] [In the mod convenient place upon the highway, at the approach or entrance on each tide of the ford or water called	at	within	youf

(liberty)y graduated pods, denoting the depth of water in the deeped part thereof, through which fuch highway pafles ; and you are allowed to charge the reafonable expences of providing and eredting the fame in your accounts^.

A. B.

C.	D.

N*. XXXI.

Notice for holding a veftry, or other publick meeting.

NOtice is hereby given. That a vedry or publick meeting will be held at	on the	day	of

next, at the hour of	in	the

noon, in order to confult about the times when it will be mod convenient for the inhabitants of this (ipari/h, &e). to be excufed from being called forth to perform their ftatute-duty, according to the indulgence given them by the adt, pafled in the thirteenth year of the reign of his majedy King Georgi the Third, 44 For 44 the amendment and prefervation of the highways.”

Dated the	day	of	17

A. B. (condable,) (headborough,) ike.



Vol. XXX.

N°. XXXI.

Digitized1 by

Google

24$	Anno	decimo	tcrtio	Georgii	III.	c.78.	[1773.

N\ XXXII.

Preferment by a juftice of peace.

Afiddlefex. A T the general quarter feflions of the peace of our lord the King, held for the faid county, at in the faid county, on [Tuefday) the	day	of

in the	year	of	the	reign of	before

efquires, and others their companions, juftices of our faid lord the King, afligned to keep the peace in the faid county, and alfo to hear and determine divers felonies, trefpafles, and other mifdemeanours in the faid county committed; A. B. efquire, one of the juftices of our faid lord the King, afligned for the purpofes aforefaid, by virtue of an alt, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his majefty King George the Third, “ For the amendment and prefervation of the high-“ ways,” (upon his own view), or (upon information, upon This to be in- oat^* to him given by C. D. furveyor of the highways for the ierted where {P^ifi, &<?•) of	in	the	faid county,) doth prefenr,

it is upon the that from the time whereof the memory of man is not to the i^ormstionof contrary, there was, and yet is, a certain common and ancient tbc urvc^or* King’s highway, leading from the town of	in	the

faid [county, &c.) towards and unto	within	the

fame (county,) ufed for all the King’s fubjelts, with their hones, coaches, carts, and carriages, to go, return, and pafs, at their will; and that a certain part of the fame King’s common high* way, commonly called	fituate,	lying	and	being

in the (parijb, kc.) of	in	the fame {county},

containing in length	.	yards, and in breadth

feet, on the	day	of	in	the	year

of the reign of	and continually afterwards until

the prefent day, was, and yet is, very ruinous, deep, broken, and in great decay, for want of due reparation and amendment, fo that the fubjelts of the King, through the fame way, with their horfes, coaches, carts, and carriages, could nor, during the time aforefaid, nor yet can go, return, or pafs, as they ought and were wont to do, to the great damage and common nuifance of all the King’s fubjelts through the fame highway, going, returning, or paffing, and againlt the peace of our faid lord the King, and that the inhabitants of the (parijb, &c.) of aforefaid, in the (county) aforefaid, the laid common highway [fo in decay) ought to repair and amend, when and fo often as it (hall be neceflary. *

In teftimony whereof, the faid A\ B. to thefe prefents hath fet his hand and feal, this	day	of

in the year aforefaid.

No.xxm

Digitized by L^ooQle

243

N°. XXXIII.

Summons for any pcrfon or pcrfons to attend a juftice or

juftices.

Middlefex.	71?	A. B .of

WHEREAS complaint and information hath been made upon oath before me C. ZX one of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the faid (county, &c.) by E. F. of That, &c. [Herejlafe the nature and circumflanees of the cafe as far as it Jhail be ntce/fary to /hew the offence^ and to bring it within the, authority of the ju/iice, and in doing that, follow the words of the aft as near as may be]. Thefe are therefore to require you per-fonally to appear before me, (or the juftices, to be aflembled at their fpecial ie(lions to be holden) at	in	the	faid

(<county, &c.) on the	day of	next, at the

hour of	in	the	noon, to anfwer to the faid

complaint and information, made by the faid E. F. who is like-wife direded to be then and there prefent, to make good the fame : herein fail not.

Given under my hand and feal, this day of *7

N°. XXXIV.

Information.

Middlefex. T> E it remembered, That on the

day of	17	A\	B.

of	in	the faid county, informeth and maketh oath

before me	one of his Majefty’s juftices of the

peace for the faid county, that	.of

in the faid county, [Here deferibe the offence, and if it is for default in performing Jlatute-duty9 fate the duty required, and the notice given for that purpofe, and the negleft according to the faft, and as near the words of the aft as may be]9 contrary to the ftatute made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his majeftv King George the Third, 4< Fur the amendment and prefervation of u the highways,” which hath impofed a forfeiture of for the faid offence.

J. B.

Taken and fworn, the	1

day of	before me, j

N°. XXXV.

Form of a cgi\vi6lion.

E it remembered. That on the > day of	in	the	year	of	our

Lord, 17 at .	% in the county aforefaid, A. B. came

before me C. D. efquire, one of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the faid county, and informed me, that E. F. of on the	day of	now	laft

paft, at	in	the	faid county, did [Heri fet forth the

A 2	fa	ft

Middlefex. T) E it renr XJ day of

Digitized by v^ooQle

fan in the manner defcribed by the ftatute], whereupon the laid E. F- after being duty fammoned to anfwer the faid charge, appeared before me on the day of	at

in the faid county, and having heard the charge contained in the faid information, declared, that he was not guilty of the faid offence; but the fame being fully proved upon the oath of G. H. a credible witnefs, it maniTeftly appears to me the faid juftice, that he the faid E. F. is guilty of the offence charged upon him, in the faid information: it is therefore confidered and adjudged by me, the faid juftice, that the faid E. F. be convi&ed, and I do hereby convift him of the offence aforefaid; and I do hereby declare and adjudge that he the faid E. F. hath forfeited the fum of	of	lawful	money	of Great Britain, for the offence

aforefaid, to be diftributed as the law direfts, according to the form of the ftatute in that cafe made and provided.

'This to be incited where the party refutes to appear upon the fummons. This to be in* ferted when the party ac-cufed ccnfeflcs the charge.

Given, &c.

After the words 4< Being duly fummoned to anfwer to the faid charge,” infert, (did not appear before me, purfuant to the faid fummons); or, (did negleft and refufe to make any defence againft the faid charge, but the fame being fully proved, &c.), as before.

After the words9 c< contained in the faid information, infert9 (acknowledged and voluntarily confeffed the fame to be true, and it maniTeftly appears to me the faid juftice, &c.) as above.

N°. XXXVI.

Warrant to diftrain for the forfeiture.

Middlefex. To the (conftable) headborough) or tithingm?m),

of

WHEREAS A-. B.of in the faid county, (yeoman) is this day convicted before me, C. D efquire, one of his Majefty’s iuftices of the peace in and for the faid county, upon the oath of G. H. a credible wit-

Jet forth the offence, de-the ftatute9 as near as may be]9

nefs, for that the faid A. B. hath,

Jcribing it particularly in the words Oj contrary to the ftatute in that cafe made and provided, by reafon whereof the faid AB. hath forfeited the fum of to be diftributed as herein is mentipned, which he hath refufed to pay : thefe are therefore* in his Majefty’s name, to command yon to levy the faid fum of	by	diftrefs	of the

goods and chattels of him the faid A. B. and if within the fpace of four days next after fuch diftrefs by you taken, the faid fum, together with the reafonable charges of taking and keeping the fame, (hall not be paid, that then you do fell the faid goods and chattels fo by you diftrained, and out of the money arifing This tobeva-t^iat you do pay one half of the faid fum of ried according	to	E,	F. of	who	informed	me

to the aft, in of the faid offence, and the other half of the faid fum of SrcaS!^011*	*°	7•	the furveyor of the highways,

for the {farijh) townjhip) or place), whefc the faid offence, [heg~

ua)

ha) or (<it fault,	),happened, to be employed towards the repair

of the raid highways, returning the overplus, upon demand to him the faid A. B (the reafonablc charges of taking, keeping, and felling the faid diftrefs being firft deduced); and if-fum-cient diftrefs cannot be found of the goods and chattels of the faid A. B. whereon to levy the faid fum of that then you certify the fame to me, together with this warrant.

Given under my hand and feal, the	day of

<7	C.D,

n% xxxvn.

Return of the conftable to be made upon the warrant of diftrefs, when there are no effe&s.

1A. B. conftable of the (parijb, of in the (county) of	do hereby certify and	make

oath, that, by virtue of this warrant, I have made diligent fearch for the goods of the within named and that I can find no fuffident goods whereon to levy the within fum of	as witnefs my hand, the

day of	17

Sworn before me the day and year, &t.	C.	D.

N#. XXXVIII.

Warrant of diftrefs for nonpayment of money charged by an aflcfiment.

*4$

Middlefex. To the (conftable) headboroueh) tithingman) of

in the fata (county).

WHE R E A S by an afleflment made upon the occupiers of lands, tenements, woods, tithes, and hereditaments, within the ( parijb,&c.) of	in the faid

for the purpofes of, &c, [asfated in the ’ order], purfuant to an order of juftices for that purpofe, according to the directions of the ad, palled in the thirteenth year of the reign of hit majefty King George the Third, “ For the amendment and pre-“ fervation of the highways,” A. B. was charged the fum of as his lhare and proportion of the faid afleflment, in refped of the lands, tenements, woods, tithes, and hereditaments, which he occupied within the faid , 2cc.): and whereas it appeas to me, upon the oath of that the faid fum of	hath	been	duly	demanded

from the faid A. B. and that he hath refilled to pay the fame for the fpace of ten days after fuch demand made, thefe are therefore, in his Majefty’s name, to command you to levy the faid fum of	by diftrefs of the goods and chattels of

the faid A. B. and if the fame fhall not be paid within the fpace of four days next after fuch diftrefs by you taken, together with the reafonable charges of taking and keeping the fame, that you do then fell the faid goods and chattels fo by you diftrained ; and out of the money arifing by fuch fale, that you do pay un-

Digitized by * ^.ooQle



Aftno decimo tcrtio GeoRGII IIL c. 78.	,£1773;

to C, D. the furvcyor of the highways for the faid (parijb, &c.) of	the	laid	fum	of	to	be employed

for the purposes afore«aid ; and that you do return the furplus thereof to the faid A. B. (the reafonable charges of taking, keeping, and felling the faid diftrefs, being firft deducted); and if fufficient diftrefs cannot be found of the goods and chattels of the laid A. B. whereon to levy the faid fum of that then you certify the fame to me, together with this warrant, Given under my hand and feal, the day of 17

N°. XXXIX.

Commitment for want of diftrefs.

Middlefex. To the (conftable) of	in	the faid

county, and to the keeper of the common gaol (or9 the houfe of correction) at	in	the	faid	county.

WHERE ASA. B. of	in	the	faid	county,

(yecman)j was, on the	day of	con-

victed before me, C. D. efq; one of his Majefty’s juft ices of the peace in and for the faid county, upon the oath of E. F. a credible witnefs, for that he, the faid A. B. [Here Jet forth the cjfencej] contrary to the ftatute made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his majefty king George the Third, 44 For the a-<c mendment and preservation of the highways,” by reafon whereof the faid A. B. hath forfeited the fum of And whereas, on the	day	of	in	the year

aforefaid, I did iflue my warrant to the (conjlable) of to levy the faid fum of	by	diftrefs	and	fale	of the

goods and chattels of him the faid A. B. and to diftribure the fame according to the directions of the faid ftatute: and whereas it duly appears to me, upon the oath of* the faid (conjlable), that the faid (conjlable) hath ufed his beft endeavours to levy the faid fum on the goods and chattels of the faid A- B. as aforefaid, but that no fufficient diftrefs can be had whereon to levy the fame, thefc are therefore to command you, the faid (con-fable) of	aforefaid,	to	apprehend	the	faid	A.	fi. and

him fafely to convey to the common gaol, (or, houfe of correction) at	in	the	faid	county,	and there deliver him to

the keeper thereof, together with this precept ; and I do hereby alfo command you, the faid keeper, to receive and keep in your cuftody the (aid A. B. for the fpace of three months, un-Jefs the faid fum (hall be fooner paid, purfuant to the faid con* viCtion and warrant} and for fo doing this (hall be your fufficient warrant;

Given under my hand and feal, the

day of	in	the	year	of	our Lord 17

C. i).

In the cafe of a commitment for the want of payment of money due by an ajfejfment, it mujl be, (to receive, and keep in your cuftody, until he (hall have paid the faid fum of	and the

further

Digitized by Goode

*47

*773*1 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 79.

farther fum of	being the cods and charges

occafioned by his negledt in paying the fame)*

N\ XL.

Notice of appeal to the quarter feffions:

A B. take notice, That I intend to appeal to the next gene-ral quarter feflions of the peace to be holden for the {county&c). of	againft	an	order,	(convifliony or

other proceedings as the cafe may be9 particularIf Specifying the purport of fuch order^ &c. and ajjigning the grievances and caufe of complaint.)

Dated the	day.	of	17	C.	D.

CAP. LXXIX.

An a£t for the more ejfcftual preventing the forging of the notes or bills of the governor and company of the bank of England •, and for the preventing the obtaining a falfe credits by the imitation of the notes or bills of the faid governor and company.

WHEREAS fronds have lately been committed by

the notes and bills of the governor and company of the bank of	0

England, notwithfianding the Jiatutesnow in force for punifbing and fuppreffing the fame; for the more effectual preventing fuch practices, be it enadted by the King’s mod excellent majedv, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual ana temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty ninth day of Septembers which (hall be in the year of our Lord Sept.io one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-three, if any perfon or ,77Jf perfons* perfons, (other than the officers, workmen, fervants, or agents, making for the time being, of the faid governor and company, to bej?00^8* authorifed and appointed for that purpofe by the faid governor and company, and for the ufe of the faid governor and compa- paper notes of ny only), (hall make or ufe, of caufe or procure to be made or the bank of ufed, or knowingly aid or aflid in the making or ufing; orEng,and* (without being authorifed and appointed as aforefaid) /hall knowingly have in his, her, or their cudody or poffeffion, (with-^ out lawful excufe, the proof whereof (hall lie upon the perfon their cuftody accufed), any frame, mould, or indrument, for the making of moulds or inpaper, with the words Bank of England) vifible in the fubdance ^rumenU £or of fuch paper; or (hall make, or caufe or procure to be made,™1^^0®1 or knowingly aid or aflid in the making any paper, in the fub- , dance of which the faid words, Bank of England) (hall be vifible 5 or if any perfon, (except as before excepted) after the faid twenty-ninth day of Septembers (hall, by any art, mydery, or contrivance, caufe or procure the faid words. Bank of Englandt to appear vifible in the fubdance of any paper whatfoever, or knowingly aid or aflid in caufing the faid words. Bank of England) to appear in the fubdance of any paper whatfoever 5 every tobeadjudged perfon fo offending in any of the cales aforefaid, and being guilty ot fdo.

r 4	there*

Digitized by

Google

248	Anno	dectmo	tcrdo GeoRGII III. c.79.	[1773*

ny, and fuffer thereof lawfully convided, (hall, for fuch offence, be deemed death. and adjudged a felon, and (hall fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

Perfons en- II. And whereas unwary and other perfons have taken in payment, graving, cut- and otherwife received, notes, inland bills, and bills of exchange, with ting, or etch- (ertain words and characters Jo nearly refembling the no es and bills of timo^tw to	fad governor and company,	as to appear to fuch perfons to be tie

referable in- notes or bills of the bank ^England, which, if continued to be done, land bills, pro- will be to the great prejudice oj publick credit \ be it therefore ena&ed, miiTory note*, ^ the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid twenty-chaUige C&c.i n,n*h °f September, if any perfonor perfons without being au-• 9	’	thorifed and appointed as aforefaid, (hall engrave, cut, etch, or

ferape in mezzotinto, or (hall caufe or procure to be engraved, cut, etched, or feraped in mezzotinto, or (hall knowingly aid or aflift in the engraving, cutting, etching, or feraping m mezzotinto, in or upon any plate or copper, brats, (feel, pewter, or ot any other metal or mixture of metals, or upon wood, or any other material, or any plate whatfoever, any promiffory note, inland bill, or bill of exchange, or blank promiuory note, inland b 11, or bill of exchange, or part of a promiffory note, inland bill, or bill of exchange, containing tfie words, Bank of England, or Bonk Poft Billy or anv word or words expreffmg jthe fum or amount, or any part oFthe fum or amount of fuch promiflory note, inland bill, or bill of exchange, in white letters or figures on a black ground; or (hall ufe any fuch plate fo engraved, cut, etched, or feraped in mezzotinto, or (hail ufe any other inftrument for the making or printing any fuch promiflory note, inland bill, or bill of exchange, or blank promiffory note, inland bill, or bi 1 of exchange, cf part of promiffory note, inland bill, or bill of exchange; if any perfon, without being authorifed and appointed after Bee. cd as aforefaid, (hall, after the twenty-fifth day of December, *5, (hall wil- which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand (even hun-fully publifli drcd and feventy-three, knowingly have in his, her, or their rynotwcu^°^y* anY fuch plate or inflrument, or (hall knowingly and land bills, &c. wilfully utter or publilh any fuch promiffory note, inland bill, or bill of exchange, blank promiffory note, inland bill, or bill of exchange 5 every fuch perfon fo offending in any of the cafes than be com* af°rc^^» and bc*Pg convided thereof according to law, (hall be muted not ex- committed to the common gaol of the county or place where the ceeding fix offence (hall be committed, for any fpace not exceeding fix months. months.

III.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaded, That nothing Thi* aft not herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to fuch tlerfo* s f° P^011 or perfons who being at any time hereafter pofl'effed of Sffed^f^bJh aPy foe*1 note or bill, (hall only utter the fame by carrying the rote* carrying fame for payment to the iffuer or iffuers, drawer or drawers, ac-tnc iame (or ceptcr or accepters, indorfer or indorfers thereof refpedively, or payment, ufing pr0pCr p^ans to compel the payment of any fuch note or

Digitized by

*773-] A51110 decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 80.

*0

CAP. LXXX.

An all to repeal an alt, made in the tenth year of" the reign of bis prefent Majefty, intituled,, An aft for the better prefervation of the game within that part of Great Britain called England; and for making other proviftons in lieu thereof.

WHEREAS by an alt, pajfed in the tenth year of the reign Preamble.

of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for the better pre- ^ IOGeo. u fervation of the game in, that part of Great Britain called Eng- * land, certain penalties and punijhments were inflicted on perfons killing and deftroying game in the night, between one hour after fun- t ft and one hour before fun-rife ; and whereas fome doubts have arifen concerning the conJtruCiion of fome parts of the faid aCt, and feme in-couvenienctes have followed therefrom ; therefore, for obviating fuch doubts, and for remedying fuch inconveniencies, may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the lame.

That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand Rales to be feven hundred and Seventy three, if any perfon or perfons (hall obferved, (af« knowingly and wilfully kill,take, or deftroy any hare, pheafant, JJjEIJj, partridge, moor game, or heath game, or ule any gun, dog, fon* lilting or foare, net, or other engine, with intent to kill, take, or deftroy, taking hires, any hare, pheafant, partridge, moor game, or heath game, in pbeaiantt,par-the night, that is to fay, between the hours of feven of the clock Sfinl'a gon?* at night and fix in the morning, from the twelfth day of October dogfnet, or to the twelfth day of February, and between the hours of nine of engine, the clock at night and four in the morning, from the twelfth day of February to the twelfth day of October, every fuch perfon, being convifted thereof, upon the oath or oaths ot one or more credible witnefs or witneflcs, before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace, afting for the county, riding, or place, where the offence (hall be committed, (hall forfeit and pay, for the firft offence, any fum not exceeding twenty pounds, nor lefs than ten pounds; and for the fecond offence, any fum not exceeding thirty pounds, nor lefs than twenty pounds: but in cafe any information (hall How offenders be made upon oath, as aforefaid, before any juftice orJuftices,	be pu.

againft any perfon offending againft this aft, and if it (hall ap-pear that fuch offender hath already been convifted of a firft and fecond offence againft this aft; then, and in fuch cafe, fuch juftice or juftices (hail and may commit fuch offender to the common gaol, or houfe of correction, for the county, riding, or place, there to remain till the next general quarter feffion of the peace for the faid county, riding, or place, unlefs fuch offender (hall have entered into a recognizance, with two fufficient fecurities, to appear at fuch general quarter feffion, then and there to be pied by indiftment for the faid offence; and alfo (hall and may

bind Digitized by Google

$ jo	Anno	dccimo	tertio Geougii III. c.8o. [1773.

bind over the informer to profecute the faid offender by indid-ment as aforefaid : and the juftices, at their faid general or quarter feffions, (hall and may dired the faid indidment to be tried accordingly; and if upon fuch indictment fuch offender (hall be convicted, he (hall forfeit and pay in court the fum of fifty pounds: and in cafe he (hall neglect or refufe to pay the (aid fum of fifty pounds, he (hall be committed to the common gaol or houfe ot correction, for fuch county, riding, or place, for any term not lefs than fix nor more than twelve calendar months, unlefs fuch penalty (hall be fooner paid; and fuch offender (hall, if the juftices think proper, be once publickly whipped for fuch offence at the expiration of fuch commitment, in the town or place where fuch gaol, or houfe of correction, (hall be, between the hours of. twelve and one of the clock in the day.

II. And be it further enacted, That the juftice or juftices be-fore whom any offender (hall be convicted as aforefaid, (hall caufe the faid conviction to be made out in the manner and form following; that is to fay.

Form of con- T> E it remembered, That on the	day of

yiflion. JD	in	the	year	of	our	Lori

A. B. is convifled before me	one	of	hit

Majejifs juftices of the peace for the county of (fpecifying the offence, with the time and place where the fame was committed, and alfo fpecifying that it was the firft or fecond offence againft this ad, as the cafe (hall be).

Given under my hand and feal the day and year aforefaid.

Which conviction the faid juftice (hall caufe to be fairly wrote over upon parchment,* and returned to the next general quarter feflion of the peace for the county, riding, or place, where fuch conviction was made, to be filed by the clerk of the peace, and remain, and be kept among the records of the county.

Clerk to deli- -HI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho-a. «?Py of rity aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful for any clerk of Mymentof°is. t*'c Peace for any county, riding, or place, and he is hereby re-”	* quired, upon application made to him by any perfon or perfons

for that purpofe, to caufe a copy or copies of any conviction or convidions, filed by him under the diredions of this ad, to be ' forthwith delivered to fuch perfon or perfons, upon payment of one (hilling for every fuch copy.

Penalties and IV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That forfeitures the pecuniary penalties and forfeitures hereby to be incurred and tove^d**1*- ma(*e Payable upon any conviction, for a firft and fecond offence e *	againft this ad, and alfo for a third offence, upon convidion at

x	the quarter feffions, as aforefaid, together with fhe cofts and

charges previous to and attending fuch convidion, to be afeer-tained by the juftice or juftices before whom any offender (hall be convided, (hall be forthwith paid by the perfon convicted, one moiety of the forfeiture to the informer, and the other moiety to the poor of the parilh or place where the offence (hall be committed ;

Digitized byCjOO^lc

*773*] Anno deeimo tertio Geohgii IIK c.8o,	?5I

mitted: and in cafe fuch perfon (hall refufe or negledfc to pay the fame, or to give fecurity for the payment thereof, fuch juftice or juftices (hall, by warrant under his or their hand and feal, or hands and feals, capfe the fame to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, together with all cofts and charges attending fuch diftrefs and fale, returning the overplus (if any) to the owner; and it fhall and may be lawful for fuch juftice or juftices to order fuch offender to be detained in fafe cuftody, until return may conveniently be had and made to fuch warrant of diftrefs, unlefs the party fo convi#ed (hall give fuffi-cient fecurity, to the fatisfa&ion of fuch juftice or juftices, for his appearance before the faid juftice or juftices, on fuch day as (hall be appointed by the faid juftice or juftices for the day of the rer turn of the faid warrant of diftrefs, fuch day not excelling feven days from the time pf taking fuch fecurity; which fecurity the faid juftice or juftices are hereby impowered to take by way of re-cognifance, orotherwife: but if upon fuch return no fufficient diftrefs can be had; then, and in fuch cafe, the faid juftice or juftices (hall and may commit fuch offender to the common gaol, or houfe of correction, of tfte county, riding, or pfac?, for the fpace of three calendar months, unlefs the money forfeited (hall be fooner paid, or until fuch offender, thinking him or herfelf aggrieved by fuch conviction, (hall give notice to the informer, that he or (he intends to appeal to the juftices of the peace, at the next general quarter feftion of the peace to be held for the county or place wherein the caufe of complaint (hall arife, and (half enter into recognifance before feme juftice or juftices, with two fufficient fecurities, conditioned to try fuch appeal, and to abide the order of, and pay fuch cofts as (nail be awarded by the juftices at fuch quarter feflions; which notice of appeal being not Jefs than fourteen days before the trial thereof, fuch perfon fp aggrieved is hereby impowered to give, and the faid juftices, at fuch feftion, upon due proof of fuch notice being given as afore-faid, and of the entering into fuch* recognizance, (hall hear, and finally determine the caufes and matters of fuch appeal in a fummary way, and award fuch cofts to the parties appealing or appealed againft, as they the faid juftices (hall think proper; anc| the determination of fuch quarter fefiions (hall be final, binding^ and conclufive to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.

V.	And be it further enabled. That all the provifions of the Pfovifions of laid recited a<ft, fhall be, and are hereby declared to be, repealed. 10 G*0'3*

VI.	And be it enadled by the authority aforefaid. That from rcpea* and after the faid twenty-fourth day of June, onethoufand feven

hundred and feventy-three, if any perfon or perfons (hall, upon ga^orufing a Sunday, or on Cbrijlmas Day, in the day-time, knowingly and \ gun on a wilfully take, kill, or deftroy, any hare, pheafant, partridge, heath Sunday or game, or moor game, or (h 11, upon a Sunday, or on Chriftmai Chriftmas Day, ufe any gun, dog, net, or engine, for taking, killing, or Day* deftroying, any hare, pheafant, partridge, moor game, or heath game; every fuch perfon, being convidted thereof, in the manner and form preferibed by this adt, (hall be fubjedt to the like

for-

Digitized by Google

How penalties for offences committed are to be recovered.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c.8o. [1773.

forfeitures and penalties as are herein-before enaCted to be inflicted for other offences againft this aCt.

VII.	And be it further enaCted, That in cafe any perlbn (hall commit an offence againft this aCt, whereby a penalty or punifh-ment is incurred, and dwells in another county than ih that in which the offence was committed, the juftice or juftices, before whom fuch information or indi&roent was had or made, may direCt his or their warrant of apprehenfion, and of diftrefs and fale, to anyconftable within fuch county, riding, or place, where the offence was committed, to be by him carried to the juftice near refiding to the place where the offender dwells in fuch other county, riding, or place, to be figned by him on the back of the faid warrant, upon proof on oath of the hand-writing of the juftice who firft granted the warrant; which indorfement (hall be fufiicient authority for the conftable of fuch parith or townfttip where he dwells, or where his goods and chattels, or diftrefs, are to be had and found, or for fuch conftable who (hall bring the laid warrant to be indorfed, to apprehend and convey fuch offender before the juftice who flrft granted the warrant, or any other juftice or juftices of that county where the offence was committed, or for fuch conftable to levy fuch penalty, by diftrefs and fale, in the fame manner, and with the fame powers, as might have been done if the perfon had lived in the countv, rid-ihg, or place, where the offence was committed; and alfo, in cate where no fufficient diftrefs can be had or found, to convey the offender before the iuftice who firft granted the warrant of diftrefs, or any other juftice or juftices of that county where the offence was committed, to be dealt with according to law; and the juftice of fuch other county who indorfed the warrant of diftrefs or apprehenfion (hall direct fuch conftable, or other perlbn taking and making fuch diftrefs and fale, to deliver over any fums of money for penalties arifing from fuch diftrefs and fale to the juftice ot the county who firft granted the warrant, to be by him diftributed according to the meaning of this aCt: and in cafe fuch Conftable or other perfon ftiall negleCt or refufeto pay fuch fums of money, or deliver overall proceedings had upon fuch diftrefs and fale, or warrant of apprehenfion, fuch juftice who firft granted the warrant, or the juftice who indorfed it, may commit fuch conftable, or other perfon io refufing or neglecting to account for the fums of money received, or deliver over the proceedings fo had thereupon, to the common gaol, or houfe of correction, for the fpace of fix months, or until the money (hall be paid, and the proceedings delivered over to the juftice who firft granted the warrant; or in cafe of his abfence or death, to any other juftice of the fame county, to be by him diftributed according to the true intent and meaning of this aCt; and that no aCtion of tref-pafs, falfe imprisonment, information, or indictment, or other aCtion or appeal, (hall be brought, fued, commenced, or profe-cuted, by any perfon or perfons whatfoever, againft the juftice of fuch other county who indorfed fuch warrant, for or by reafon of hjs indorfing the fame*

VIII. PrO-

Digitized by

Google

*773-1 ^ftn0 deamo tert^° Georgii III. c. 8 r.	253

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enadted, That no Proceedings order made concerning any of the matters aforefaid, or any other foelTfor proceedings to be had touching the conviction or convictions of *a„t 0f |ormf any offender or offenders againft this aCt, (hall be quafhed for nor remove-want of form, or be removed by writ of Certiorari, or any other **>\e by Crr-writ or procefs whatfbever, into any of his Majefty’s courts oitwrari' record at Wefiminfter.

IX.	Provided alfo. That no perfon (hall be proceeded againft No perfon to for any of the offences againft this adk, as aforefaid, unlefs infer- be proceeded nation fhall be made thereof upon oath before feme juftice of ?£a,nft t»U the peace for the county, riding, or place, wherein fuch offence

(hall be committed, within one calendar month after fuch of* 0ath. fence (hall be committed.

CAP. LXXXI.

An aft for the better cultivation, improvement, and regulation of the common arable fields9 wafies, and commons, of pqfiure9 in this kingdom.

WHEREAS there are, in feveral parijbes and places in this Preamble.

kingdom, feveral wafies and commons, and fever al open and common fields, which, by reafon of the different inter efts the feveral land owners and occupiers, or perjons having right of common, have in fuch wafies, commons, and fields, cannot be improved, cultivated, or enjoyed, to fuch great advantage for the owners and occupiers thereof and perfons having right of common, as they might be, and are capable	'

of if an improved cowrfe of hufbandry was to be purfued, re [petting fuch open and common fields, in each parijh refpettively9 and fuch wafies, or commons of pafiures, were to be properly drained, or otberwife amended; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be en-aCted; and be it enaded by the King’s molt excellent maiefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That in every parifh or place How arable in this kingdom, where there are open or common field lands, ,fn^Jhall ** all the tillage or arable lands lying in the faid open or common fcnccd-fields (hall be ordered, fenced, cultivated, and improved, in fuch manner, by the refpedfive occupiers thereof, and (hall be kept, ordered, and continued, in fuch courfe of hufbandry, and be, cultivated under fuch rules, regulations, and reftri&ions, as three** fourths in number and value of the occupiers of fuch open or common field lands in each parifh or place, cultivating and taking the crops of the fame, and having the confent of the owners in manner herein-after mentioned, and likewife the confent of the redtor, impropriator or tilhe owner, or the lefiee of either of them refpedtively, firft had in writing, (hall, at a meeting, (in purfuance of norite for that purpofe, in writing, under the hands of one-third of fuch occupiers, to be affixed on one of the principal doors of the parifh Church, chapel, or place, where meetings have been ufually held for fuch parifh or place refpeclively, twenty-one days, at leaft, before fuch meeting, fpecifying the

time

Digitized by

Google

Hides not to be longer binding than 6 yeais.

Field mailer how to be appointed.



Expences bow to be defrayed.



Anno decimo tertio GfioRGii lit. c. Si. {1773.

time and place of Rich meeting), by writing under their hands, conttitute, diredt, and appoint; and which notice any of fueh occupiers are hereby authorifed and impowered to give.

1L Provided always, That the rules, regulations, and re-ftri&ions, fo agreed upon, (hall not be in force, or binding upon any of the parties thereto, for any longer term than fix years, or two rounds, according to the ancient and eftabliftied courfc of each parilh or place rcfpedively.

III.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That at every Rich meeting to be had as aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the major part in number and value of the occupiers (then prefent) of fuch open or common field lands, in each parilh or place refpc&ively, to eledt and chufe one or more proper perfon or perfons as field matter or field reeve, field matters or field reeves, to fuperintend the ordering, fencing, cul* tivating, and improving of fuch open and common fields, and to fee that the fame are kept, ordered, and continued, in fuch a eourfe of nulbandry, as (hall be constituted, directed, and appointed, at fuch meeting, in manner aforefaid; and that Rich field matter or field reeve, fo to be eledted and chofen as aforefaid, (hall continue in the faid office until the twenty-firft day of May, then next following, or within three days after, and no longer, unlefs he or they (hall be thereto re-ele&ed and chofen in manner herein-after directed.

I V. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That all cofts, charges, and expences, neccflary for the carrying on any fuch plan of ordering, fencing, cultivating, or improving, into execution, as (hall be agreed upon in manner aforefaid, and \yhich (hall, at any meeting to be held after fix days notice having been given in manner heFein-before diredted, by the major part in number and value of the occupiers aforefaid then pretent, be deemed common expences, and, for the general benefit of the faid occupiers, (hall be borne, paid, and defrayed, propor-tionably by all the occupiers of fuch open and common field lands, afccording to the value of the lands and grounds each perfon or perfons (hall have in fuch open and common field lands; and for the raifing the fame, one or moreattefiment or afieffinents, upon all and every the occupiers of common field lands in each parifh refpedtively, (hail be made, levied, aod colle&ed, by fuch perfon and perfons, and allowed in fuch manner, as fuch majority of the occupiers of fuch open and common field lands, at Rich meeting to be had aforefaid, (hall direct and appoint in that behalf; and the money thereby raifed (hall be employed and accounted for, according to the orders and directions of fuch majority of the occupiers of fuch cognmon field lands, for and towards the better cultivation of the faid common field lands, from time to time, as need (hail require; and the faid afieflments (hall, by virtue of a warrant under the hand and feal of oneju-ftice of peace of the county wherein fuch common field lands lhall lie, be levied by dittrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of every perfon fo afleffed and not paying the fame, within ten

Digitized by

Google

*55

I773*1 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III, c, 8‘r.

days after demand, rendering the overplus of the value of the goods fo diftrained (if any) to the owner or owners of fuch goods and chattels, after deducting the cods and charges of taking and making fuch diftrefs and fale.

V.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That Occupiers of it (hall and may be lawful to and for the occupiers of open and com non field common field lands, in any parifh or place where any rules, or- I\nr^,{J0cJct^r ders, or regulations, (hall have been agreed upon, for the order- airerab^Md ing, fencing, cultivating, or improving of fuch lands in purfu- cUdt field ance of this adt, and they are hereby required to meet and afiem- reeve*.

ble at fome convenient place, yearly, and every year, on the twenty-firft day of May, or within three days after, in purfuance of fix days notice to be given of the time and place of fuch meeting by one-third Of the occupiers, in manner aforefaid, then and there to ele<5t and chufe one or more proper perfon or perfons to be the field matter or field reeve, field matters or field reeves, for the year enfuing? and that fuch perfon or perfons who (hall, by the major part of the occupiers of the faid lands, prefent at fuch meeting, be chofen field matter or field reeve, field matters or field reeves, to fuperintend the ordering, fencing, cultivating, and improving of the faid common field lands, and to fee that the fame are cultivated according to the rules, orders^ and regulations, agreed upon at the general meeting for that pur-pofe, and (hall continue in the faid office for one whole year, unlefs he (hall die, or be removed, by virtue of the power and authority berein-after given in that behalf.

VI.	Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority afore- Ncw

faid. That if any field matter or field reeve, fo to be chofen in appointed in purfuance of this a<ft, (hall, within the year in which he (hall be place of thole fo chofen, refufe or negleft to attend the faid bufinefs, or (hall die, who (hall die, or remove to an inconvenient diftance, or become bankrupt, or or refu,c to have execution againtt his body or goods, or by ficknefs, or other- atlcnd* wife, be rendered incapable of executing his faid office; that then, and in either of the faid cafes, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the occupiers of the faid lands, (after fix days notice for that purpofe to be given in manner aforefaid), to ele£l and 4 chufe, in manner aforefaid, one other fit and proper perfon to be the field matter or field reeve for the remainder of that year, in the place and (lead of the former field mailer or field reeve falling under either of the deferiptions aforefaid.

VII.	And be it further enafled by the authority aforefaid, Occupiers at That it (hall and may be lawful to and for three-fourths in num- meetings, to ber and value of the occupiers of open and common field lands, o^o^nine^ prefent at any meeting to be held in purfuance of fourteen days common field notice at leaft, previous to the ufual time of opening fuch com- lands.

Won field lands, to be given for that purpofe, in manner aforefaid, to pottpone the opening fuch common field lands for fuch teafonable time as at fuch meeting (hall be thought neceflary by

ibch majority as aforefaid, and to fettle and determine how long fuch common fields (hall continue open, and to limit and fettle the number of cattle each occupier in fuch parifh or place (hall

Digitized by Goo<; .

2$6	Anno derimo tertio GfeORGii lit. c. 8l. [1775*

refpedlively turn on fuch common fields, in due proportion to the (lint or eftablifhed ufage in fuch parifh or place.

Cottagers not VIII. Provided always, neverthelefs, and be it enabled by the ba^CXH °ht author,ty aforefaid, That nothing in this aA contained (hall be of common, conftrued to extend to exclude any cottager, or other perfon or perfons whomfoever, having right of common, and having no land in any of the faid common fields from having and enjoying his or their right of common, in as full and ample manner as he could and might have enjoyed the fame before the palling of this aA, unlcfs fuch cottager, or other perfon, (hall, at any meeting to be held by the occupiers of fuch common field lands, in manner aforefaid, content or agree, in writing to a compofition for fuch right, by an annual payment, or other annual advantage or com-penfation, or to a limitation thereof; in which cafe fuch confent and agreement (hall be binding and conclufive upon every fuch perfon fo agreeing, his heirs and afiigns, tenants and occupiers, until fuch time as the rules, orders, and regulations, for the ordering, fencing, cultivating, and improving of the faid common field lands, exifting at the time of giving fuch confent, (hall expire.

How common IX. Provided always, neverthelefs, and be it further enaAed

field lands........................*	‘	—	-	...............

may

be ’ - ^ t*lc authority aforefaid, That if the occupiers of the (aid com-

' y mnn AaM tanrlc Ami! of fimpc tvhpn rKn fai/l	kav#

ed differently by occupiers.

Saving of right to perfons poffeffed of feparate (heep walks, &c.

mon field lands (hall, at times when the faid fields have been ufually enjoyed in common, confent and agree not to depaflure the fame in common, and (hall allot and fet apart what (hall be deemed by a majority of fuch cottagers, who (hall not have agreed to compound for or limit their right of common, as aforefaid, a fufficient and equivalent common for fuch cottagers, and other perfons, as aforefaid, to be enjoyed exclufively by them; that then, and in fuch cafe, fuch cottagers and other perfons (hall not ufe, exercife, or enjov their right of common, over fuch parts of the faid comihon field lands, as are not ufed in common by the occupiers thereof, but only over fuch part thereof as (hall for fuch time be allotted them for that purpofe, and fet apart as aforefaid; any law, ufage, or (latute, to the contrary norwithftanding.

X. Provided always,* and be it enaAed by the authority aforefaid, That nothing herein contained (hall exclude any perfon or perfons feixed or pofielled of a feparate (heep walk, or pafture of cattle, in or over all or any of the common field lands in any pa-ri(h or place, or in or over any part thereof, from ufmg, exer-cifing,and enjoying, fuch right, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purpofes, as he might or could have enjoyed the fame before the pafling of this aA, unlefs fuch perfon or perfons, having fuch right as aforefaid, (hall confent or agree in writing at any meeting of occupiers, to be held as aforefaid, to a compofition for the fame, or a limitation thereof; in which cafe, every fuch confent and agreement (hall be binding and conclufive upon every perfon fo agreeing, and upon every other perfon coming to the pofieflion of fuch (heep walk or pafture for cattle, by defeene, or otherwife, until fuch time as the rules, orders, and regulations*

Digitized by

257

1773.] Arino dccimo tcrtio Georgii III. c.	Si.

for the cultivation of the faid common field lands, exifting at the time of entering into fuch agreement, (hall expire.

XI# And whereas balks, fades, or meers, which may be wo fie, do often fie very inconveniently inter]perjed among]! the arable lands in common fields, be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. Balks, (lades. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perfoft or perfons &c. with con-whomfoever, having land in any open or common fields adjoin- [cnj°£lhe ing to any fuch balks, (lades, or meers, being wafte, with the bYpiowed?3^ confent of the lord or lords, lady or ladies, of the refpedtive manors wherein fuch balks, (lades, or meers, do lie, arid likewife of the perfon or perfons who may have a feparate (beep walk in the faid fields, and with the confent of thretf-fourths in number and value of the occupiers of fuch common field lands, to be (ignified at any meeting to be held in manner aforefaid, to plow up any of the faid balks, (lades, or meers, and convert the fame into tillage, under the regulations to be fettled as aforefaid.

XII.	Provided always, neverthelefs, and be it ena<5ted, That Balks, See. no balk or meer, that has heretofore been ufed as a publick road, uIed a*

or as a private road, by any perfon or perfons, to or from his or their own houfe or lands, be fo plowed up.

XIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadted by the authority Regulations to aforefaid. That all and every perfon and perfons, who fhall have beobferved by licence, in manner aforefaid, to plow up and convert into tillage, ^hcenceVo05 any balk, flade, or meer, (hall, before he or they begin to plow p;ovv ^aik*, up the fame, lay down, in an huiband-like manner, under the See. direction of the field mafter or field reeve for the time being, in

a more convenient part of the faid field, as much of his or their own land as (hall be equal in value to the land he or they fhall fo have licence to plow as aforefaid ; and that fuch land fo laid down (hall be common land, and fo continue until the regulations then exifting for cultivating fuch compion field lands, (hall expire.

XI Vi Provided alfo, and be it further enafted by the authority Boundary aforefaid, That the perfon or perfons plowing any fuch balk, (tones to af-flade, or meer, (hall* by proper bound (tones, fufnciently mark and diftinguifti the feveral lands plowed, and the feveral lands	be

laid down in lieu thereof, fo that the property thereof, and each created, perfon’s right therein, maybe clearly known, and afeertained.

XV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,That Lords of ma-it (hall and may be lawful to and for the lord or lords, lady or la-dies, of any manor, with the confent of three-fourths of the per- three-fourths fons having right of common upon the wades and commons of perfon* lu-within his, her, or their manor, at a meeting to be held after four- ving right teen days notice, fuch notice to be given in manner herein-beforemaC°lTa”e°3 directed by the lord or lords, lady or ladies, of the manor, or their {^f^hpart agent refpc&ively, at any time or times, to demile or leafe, for 0f wafte*, any term or number of years, not exceeding four years, any part of fuch wades and commons, not exceeding a twelfth part thereof, for the bed and mod improved yearly rent that can by publick au&ion be got for the fame; and that the clear net rentsreferved the net to the lord or lords, lady or ladies, his, her, or their heirs, exe-

Vob. XXX.	* cutors, ppJ 1

Digitized by

Google

258	Anno	decimo tertio GfcORGii III. c. 81. [177$.

improving the cutors, adminiftrators, or affigns, by any leafc or leafes to be red due of	granted as aforefaid, (hall be by him, her, or them, and the ma-

luch wattes.	jor part 0f foer, or their tenants, applied in the draining,

fencing, or otherwife improving of the relidue of fuch waftes and commons.

A lie Aments to XVI. Provided always, neverthelefs, and be it enaCted by the be levied for authority aforefaid. That in every manor where there are dinted tbe improving commons, in lieu of demifingor leafing part thereof, one or more where th* re	afleflinent or afleftments upon the lord or lords, lady or ladies,

are ftinted	of fuch manor, and the perfons being owners or occupiers of

commons.	fuch commons, or their agents or managers, (hall or may, at

their option, be made, levied, and collected, by fuch perfon and perfons, and allowed in fuch manner, as the lord or lords, lady or ladies, of fuch manor, and the major part in number and value of the owners or occupiers of fuch commons, prefent at a meeting to be held within the faid manor, in purfuanceof four-* teen days notice to be given by the lord or lords, lady or ladies, or his, her, or their agent, in manner aforefaid, of the time and place of meeting for that purpofe, (hall direct and appoint in that behalf; and the money thereby raifed (hall be employed and accounted for, according to the orders and directions of the faid lord or lords, lady or ladies, and (uch majority of the owners or occupiers, as aforefaid, in the improvement of fuch commons, from titpe to time, as need (hall require; and the faid afTeftinents , (hall, by virtue of a warrant under the hand and feal of one juftice of the peace, be levied by diftrefs and (ale of the goods and chattels of every perfon (o aflefled, and not paying the fame within ten days after being demanded, rendering the overplus of the value of the goods fo diftrained (if any) to the owner and owners thereof, the neceflary charges of making fuch diftrefs and fale being firft deduced,

XVII.	And whereas there are, in many parts of this kingdom, certain ftinted commons of pcfture which are never enjoyed in fevcrahjy but which are at certain times /hut up for the better growth of the pafture, and opened on certain fixed days$ from which ^ in particular

* circumftances and feofons, great inconveniences do and may arife; be it Stinted com- enabled by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be law-mons te be ful for the major part in number and value of the owners and opened at a occupiers of fuch common paftures, prefent at a meeting to be as ownersT&c. a^tcr days notice at lead given, in manner herein-before at a meeting direfled, with the confent of the ford or lords, lady or ladies, of (ball diredt. the manor, or his, her, or their fteward or agent, to poftpone the opening of the faid common paftures for a time not exceeding twenty.one days.

XVIII.	And whereas there are in many places common paftwrtsy with Jlinted or limited rights of common therein, which are open tb* whole year, and it would be attended with great advantages to the commoners to Jhut up and ufiftock the fame at particular Jeafons , be it

Two-thirdly ena<5tecj by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may belaw-with^on0fcntS, falt0 anc* f°r two-thirds in number and value of fuch common-of the lord of ers, at a meeting to be hojdcn after fourteen days notice given ii>

b	manner

Digitized by v^ooQie

1773-1 Attno decimo tertio GeorGH III. c. 81.'	259

manner herein-before directed, with the confent of the lord or the manor,&c. lords, lady or ladies, of the manor or manors in which fuch com-mons are fituated, his, her, or their fteward or Rewards, agent	of

or agents, to dircft, order, and fix, the time when fuch common common pa^ paftures (hall be broke or depaftured, and when the fame (hall be fture*, &c.

(hut up and undocked; fuch orders to continue in force for one whole year, and no longer*

XIX.	Provided neverthelefs, That a portion of fuch common Proviso re-

padures (hall be feparated and fet apart for the ufe of fuch com-	p«r-

moners exclufively as (hall not confent to fuch regulation, and f°ntinz\^tbe the portion fo fet apart (hall be adjudged by a majority of fuch above regola-commoners, not confenting as aforefaid, an equivalent for their tions. rights of common.

XX.	And whereas many JUnted common paftures in this kingdom

are fed and depaftured by horfes, beafts or mat cattle, and in many in-ftances it would tend to the improvement of fuch common paftures, and to the better manuring and cultivation oj the arable lands in common fields, or otherwife, to which fuch common paftures may belongs if the fame were fed with /beep-, be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the major Perfons har-part in number and value of the perfons having right of common right of in fucji common pafiures, at any meeting to be held in purfuance	raa*

of notice, in writing, under the hands of a major part of fuch	j^ad

owners and occupiers of fuch common paftures, or perfons hav- of other cat. ing right of common therein, to be affixed on the principal door Re*

of the parifh church of the pari(h where fuch common padure9 (hall lie, or of the neared parifh church where fuch lands (hall lie in an extraparochial place, ten days at lead previous to fuch meeting, fpecifying the time and place, and intent of fuch meeting* by writing under their hands, to alter and change the man. ner and cudom of feeding and depaduring fuch common paftures* fo far as indead of horfes, cows, and other cattle, to allow the fame to be fed and depaftured with (heep, at the option of each perfon refpedtively having right of common; and to limit and dint the number of (heep each fuch perfon, having right of common in fuch common paftures, (hall refpe&ively feed and departure thereon, in due proportion to their refpedtive dints of fights.

XXI.	And whereas the improvement of the breed of Jbeep is a matte* °f Zrea* national importanee, and the turning of rams upon waftes and open common fields at certain times of the year has been found to

be very prejudicial; be it therefore enadled by the authority afore- Rants riot to faid. That no ram (hall be turned upon, or be fuffered to remain remain upon upon, any wades or common fields, between the twenty-fifth Vc°to day of Auguft and the twenty-fifth day of November in every year. Nov. a/.

XXII.	And whereas ftveral of the owners and proprietors of waftes, commons, and common field lands, may, at the time of any meeting to be held in purfuance of this oft, be incapable, through various impediments, of entering into any of the agreements hereby authorifei to be made, for the better ordering, fencing, cultivating, and improv-

ing, of common arable fields, waftes, and commons of pafture, in this	^

s 2	king*	/

Google

Digitized by '

a 60

Perfons formerly under di ability, under this aft may iign agreements.

Reftors or tithe owners not to receive gratuity for Irtting tithes other than by half-yearly or yeari/ payments.

AM agreements made to be valid in law.

Con Tent of occupiers not to be valid, without a written authority under the hand of the proprietor

A&kmm may be brought at We It in in Iter.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 81. [177$*

kingdom, without the aid and authority of parliament; be it therefore further ena&ed, That it (hall and maybe lawful to and for the huibands, guardians, truftees, committees, t>r known agent or receiver of any owner and proprietor of waftes, commons, and common field lands, and of any perfon having a right or intereft therein, being under coverture, minors, lunaticks,or beyond the Teas, and for every or any of them for the time being; and alfo to and for all and every or any of the faid owners and occupiers, being tenants in tail, tenants by the courtefy of England, or tenants for life only, and to and for every or any of them refpe&ively for the time being, to enter into, and fign any agreement to be mado in purluance of this aft.

XXIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That no reftor or tithe owner, in right of his reftory, vicarage, or curacy, or the Ieftec of either of them re-fpeflively, who (hall agree for or lett his tithes of the faid common field lands, during the faid term of fix years, or any part thereof, (hall receive any fine, foregift, gratuity, or compensation whatfoever, other than by equal half-yearly or yearly payments.

XXIV.	And be it further enafted, That every agreement fo entered into in purfuance of this a<51, (hall be good, valid, and effedtgal in the law, for the purpofes thereby irrtended, notwith-ftanding the want of legal title in the faid owner or owners, or in the faid hu(bands, guardians, truftees, committees, agents, or receivers, or in the perfons ading as fuch, or in the (aid tenants in tail, tenants by the courtefy of England, or tenants for life only, any fettlement or fettlements, will or wills, to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XXV.	Provided always, and be it enadled by the authority aforefaid. That no confent of any occupier of lands in fuch common arable fields, or of a feparate (heep walk therein, to any fuch firft agreement for the ordering, fencing, cultivating, and improving of fuch common fields, to be made by the authority of or, in purfuance of thisaft, (hall be good and valid, unlefs fuch

• occupier (hall, at the time of entering into fuch agreement, produce a written authority for that purpofe, under the hand of the owner or proprietor, guardian, or truftee; or in cafe of fuch owner not being a minor, and being in parts beyond the feas,of the known ^gent of fuch owner.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That if any owner or occupier of any common field lands, or of any part thereof, for the better cultivation whereof any rules and regulations (hall have been agreed upon, in purfuance of the powers and authorities given by this a£t, (hall not conform to iuch rules and regulations, or (hall wilfully deviate therefrom in any refped whatfoever; that then, and in fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any owner or owners, or occupier or occupiers, of any part of fuch common field lands, who may have been damnified by a breach pf the regulations aforefaid, to bring one or more aeftion or actions of treipafs, or upon the cafe, in

any

Digitized by (^.ooQle

1773-] Anno decimo tertlo Georgij III. c. 82.	*61

any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVeJlminJler agalnft the perfon or perfons fo offending; and if in any fuch action, fb to be brought aforefaid, a verdidl (hall be given for the plaintiff, or he (hall recover judgement by default; that then, and in fu h cafe, the party or parties fo offending fhall anfwerto the parry grieved all fuch damages as fhall be recovered in fuch adtion, together with double cofts of fuit.

XXVII.	Provided, That nothing in this adl contained ihnll No perfon is prevent, or extend to prevent, any perfon or perfons from in- hereby pre-clofing all or any part or parts of his, her, or their land, to and

for his, her, or their own ufe or benefit, fuch perfon or perfons JanrfsTcfr h’is having full power or right fo to do.	own	ufe.

XXVIII.	Saving always to the King’s mod excellent ma-Saving all jefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and to all and every lord or lords, rights to lady or ladies, of any manor or manors, and to all and every

other perfon and perfons, bodies politick or corporate, his, her, norSj &c# and their heirs, fucceflors, executors, and adminiftrators, (other * than and except the refpedtive perfons, their heirs, fucceflors, executors, and adminiftrators, who may, in confequence of this adt being duly carried into execution, become fubjedt to the provifions and regulations thereby autliorifejl to be made,) all fuch eftate, intereft/and rights, as they, every, or any of them, had or enjoyed in and over the faid common arable fields, waftes, and commons of pafture, before the pafling of this adt, or could or might have had and enjoyed in cafe the fame had pot been made.

CAP. LXXXII.

An a£I for the better regulation of lying-in hofpitals, end other places, appropriated for the charitable reception of pregnant women ; and alfo to provide for the fettlement of bajlard cbildreny born in fuch hofpitals and places.

WHEREAS, through the humane and benevolent affjlance of Preamble* well-difpofed perfons, many hofpitals and places have been ejla-bli/hed for the charitable reception of pregnant women, which have afforded great relief iff times of the utmofi dijlrefs, and therefore merit every dhe fupport and encouragement; but Jome inccnveniencies having been found to arife from the number of bajlard children born in fuch hofpitals and places, which have become heavy burdens, and Lave occafioned tenreafonable charges upon thofe parijhes wherein fuch hefpitah and places have been injlitutedy to their great and unjujl op-preffton: and whereas it would tend, as well to promote the interejl ofJfuch hofpitals and places as to give a feafonable relief to fuch pari jins, if a law was made to regulate the fettlement of fuch bajlard childnn ; Aftcr N°v. t. may it pleafe your Majefly that it may be enacted ; and be it ™t7aVto°be * enadfed by the King’s moll excellent mr.jefty, by and with the titabliibul for advioe and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and com- the r^cepnoa mons, in this prefent parliament alTembled, and by the authority ot Pre&,,3,,t of the |ame. That from and after the firft day of November y one	cnee

thotffand fever* hundred and feventy-three, no hofpiial or place be obtained j

s 3	ihall

Digitized by

Google

t6t	Anno	decimo tertio Georgii III. c.82.	[1773,

(hall be eftablifhed, ufed, or appropriated, or continue to be pfed or appropriated, for the publick reception of pregnant women, under publick or private fupport, regulation, and management, in any parifh within that part of Great Britain called England, unlefs a licence (hall be firft had and obtained, in manner hereafter mentioned, from the juftices of the peace, at fome one of their general quarter feflions to be held for the county, riding, divifion, city, or corporation, wherein fuch hofpital or which licence place (hall be fituated ; and fuch juftices are hereby authorised the juftices, at and required to grant fuch licence to any perfon or perfons who their quarter fl'xall apply for the fame, fuch perfon or perfons paying the fum impowerYd to f°rty flings f°r every fuch licence to the clerk of the peace grant,	pf fuch county, riding, or divifion, or to the town clerk of fuch

city or corporation, as a perquifite for his trouble, and as a fund to defray the expence of the ftamp and parchment that (hall be ufed fpr the grant of fuch licence.

Every licence II. And be it further enadted, Thar every fuch licence (hall to be damped be written on parchment, and ftampt with a five (hilling ftamp; Np, and and a copy thereof (hall be entered in a book to be kept for that (igntd by the purpofe by fuch clerk of the peace, or town clerk, and preferved juiticct, as a publick regifter amongft the records of the county, riding, divifion, or of fuch city or corporation, as the cafe may be, to be infpedfed by any perfon or perfons on payment of one (hilling; and every fuch licence (hall be figned by two or more fuch juftices of the peace at their general quarter feflions, and (hall intitle the perfon or perfons to whom fuch licence (hall be granted to keep one hofpital, houfe, or place, and no more, for the publick or charitable reception of pregnant women.

Hofpltab now III. And be it further enabled. That as well all hofpitafs, or beieatterto houfes, and places, already eftablifhed, ufed, or appropriated, for*thereof^ f°r x^c Pu^iCk reception of pregnant women, and fupported by tion of preg'-* charitable contributions, or otherwife, for the purpofes of the nant women, delivery or lying-in of fuch pregnant women, as all other hofpi-deemed with- tals, houfes, or place?, that may hereafter be eftablifhed, ufed, in the intent and appropriated, in like manner, for the like purpofes, (hall be 0 1 11 a ‘ deemed and taken to be hqfpitals and places within the true intent and meaning of this adh inscription to IV. And, that it may be the mere eafily known what ho [pitchy He affixed over b:ufes, or places, [hall hove been licenfed purfuant to this be it all\ofoitaii ena<^cd. That there (hall be fixed and kept up over the door, ^	*	or publick entrance, of every fuch hofpital, houfe, or place, an

infeription, in large letters, in the following words; videlicet, Licensed for the publick Reception of pregnant Women, pursuant to an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King GEORGE the Third, and the affixing and keeping fuch jnfeription (hall be a condition in every fuch licence; and in cafe fuch infeription (hall not be fixed and kept over the door or publick entrance of fuch hofpital, houfe, or place, fuch licence (hall become null and void.

V. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid> That

no

Digitized by Google

*773-1 Anno decimo tertio Georgii til. c. 82.

no baftard child or children, born in any fuch hofpital, houfe, Baftard chil-or place, as aforefaid, (hall be legally fettled in,* or (hall be in- dren bom in titled to, any relief as a parilhioner, from the parifh wherein ^cthtQ0^^als fuch hofpital, houfe, or place, (hall be fituated ; but every fuch ”uicd°to re-" child or children (hall follow the mother’s fettlement, and (hall lief as a pa-immediately gain a fettlement in the parifh or parifhes refpec- nOiioner. tively, where his, her, or their mother or mothers were laft legally fettled ; any law, ftatute, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary thereof, in any-wife notwithftanding.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, On the re. Xhat in cafe it (hall become neceflary to remove the mother of moval of the the child fo born a baftard, and the child fo born a baftard, or

cither of them, from the parifh or place in which fuch hofpital, chUrchwar-houle, or place, (hall be fituated, to the pari(h or place to which dens of the fuch woman (hall belong, or where (he fhall have obtained her parifti .are to laft legal fettlement, fuch parifh or place, being within twenty P1? a11 cx* miles of fuch hofpital, houfe, or place, to which (he (hall be fo pcncc,‘ removed, (hall be chargeable with, and liable to the payment of all charges and expences incident to or attending fuch removals; fuch charges and expences to be allowed and fettled by any juftice or juftices of the peace, (who is and are hereby required to allow and fettle the fame,) in and for the county, riding, divifion, city, corporation, or place, in which the parifh or place (hall be fituated, to which fuch mother and child, or either of them, (hall be removed as aforefaid : and if fuch charges and expences, after being allowed and fettled as aforefaid, and demand thereof made in writing, dire&ed to the churchwardens or overfeers of the poor of the parifti to which fuch mother and child, or either of them, (hall be removed, as aforefaid, (hall not be paid within two days after fuch demand ; then, and in every fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any one or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace, in and for the county, riding, divifion, city, corporation, or place, in which the parifh (hall be fituated, to which fuch mother and child, or either of them (hall be removed, and he or they is and are hereby required, by warrant under his or their hand and feal, or hands and feals, to levy the fame by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of the churchwardens or overfeers of the poor making fuch refufal, as aforefaid, or on the goods and chattels of any pr either of them.

VII.	Provided always, and be it farther enaefted. That if any Appeal may perfon or perfons (hall think himfelf or themfelves aggrieved by be made to fuch removal or diftrefs had or made in purfuance of this a<5t, <?u*rtcr fef-cvery fuch perfon may appeal to the quarter feflion of the peace

to be holden for the county, riding, divifion, city, corporation, ed, SS or place, wherein he (hall have fuffered fuch grievance, within four months after the fa<ft done, by which he (hall think himfelf fo aggrieved, fuch appellant firft giving, or caufing to be given, fourteen days notice at the leaft, in writing, of the intention to giving 14. bring fuch appeal, and of the matter thereof, to the party or day*noucc# prties a^ainft whom fuch appeal is intended to be brought, and

s $	\vithin

Digitized by

Google

164	Anno decimo tcrtio Georgix III. c. 82.	[ 1773,

within two days next after fuch notice given entering into recognizance, with two fufficient fureties, conditioned to try fuch appeal, and to abide the order of, and to pay fuch cofts as (hall be awarded by the juftices, at fuch quarter feffions ; and the faid juftices (hall then hear and determine the caufes and matters of appeal in a fummary way, and award fuch cofts to the parties appealing or appealed againft, as they the faid juftices (hall think proper, and the determination of fuch juftices fo made lhall be final, binding, and concluiivc, to all intents and purpofes what-foever.

Parito officer* VIII. And be it further enabled, That all officers belonging i in powered to to the parifh wherein the mother of fuch child fo born a baftard apprehend the fha][ have been laft legally fettled, and all magiftrates of the baftCd°fany county, riding, divifion, city, corporation, or place, wherein fuch parifh (hall be iituated, lhall.have power and authority to apprehend the reputed father of any fuch baftard child, to take fecurity for the indemnity of the pariih, and to puni(h the parents, and to do every other matter or thing relative to fuch cafe of baftardv, in the lame manner, and with the fame powers, as fuch magiftrates or officers might or would have had in cafe fuch child had heeji bprn in fuch parifh or place; any law or ftatute to the eputr^ry the/eof in any-wife notwithstanding. Provifo,	IX.	Prqvided	always. That nothing in this act contained .

(hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to alter the law as it flow ftands relative to the fettlemcnt of any baftard child fo born as aforefaid, in cafes where the mother’s fettlemcnt cannot be afeertained and determined.

Ownfrsor	X.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

maters of	That	the owner, keeper, governor, matter, fecretary, clerk, or

hoipitaJ* to	pther	perfon, who fliall have, or to whom (hall be intruded the

linn	carc>	conduct, or management, qf fuch hofpital, houfe or ^lace,

a<imirtultobe	(hall,	and he, (he, or they, is and are hereby directed and re-

examined be- quired, before the admiftion of any pregnant woman into fuch tore a juftice. hofpital, houfe, or place, forthwith, (unlefs prevented by fick-nefs,) to take, or caufc to be taken, fuch woman before fome juftice of the peace in and for the county, riding, divifion, city, corporation, or place, where fuch hofpital, houle, or place, is lituat-cd, which juftice is hereby dirpifted and required to examine her upon oath, whether (he is married or (ingle : and in cafe fuch pregndnr woman dial! not be able, at the time of fuch admiffion, to go before fuch juftice, and be examined as aforefaid ; that then, and in every fuch cafe, it fnall and may be lawful to and for the laid owner, keeper, governor, mafter, fecretary, clerk, or other perfon, as aforefaid, and he, (he, or they, is and are hereby directed and required when and fo foon as fuch woman (haft be fufficicnfly recovered, to take, or caufe to be taken, fuch wq-man before fuch juftice, to be by him examined as aforefaid, any law, ttatutc, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary thereof in any-wi'e notwithftanding : and all and every the particulars of fuch examination, taken upon oath as aforefaid, (hall be entered in a book, to be provided and kept for that purpofe by the oyyn-

Digitized by (^.ooQle

i773*]	Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 82.	365

er, keeper, governor, mafter, fecretary, clerk, or other perfon, as aforefaid, and figncd by the juftice of the peace before whom fuch examination is taken, who is hereby diredted and required to fign the fame.

XI.	Provided always, and be it enadted, That if any woman, if the woman on admiflion, into fuch hofpital, houfe, or place, (hall produce produce an an affidavit, fworn by her before fuch juftice of the peace f°r ^^av,t thaj the cicy of London, or for the county, riding, divifion, city, cor- or^linde?™ * porarion, or place, wherein fuch hofpital, houfe, or place, (hall

be fituated, that (he is a married or Angle woman, as the cafe may be, which affidavit (hall be kept and filed at every fuch hofpital, houfe, or place *, then, and in every fuch cafe, fuch wo- (he is not liable man fhall not be liable or compellable by this ad to go before to go before any juftice of the peace, or to be further examined on oath as thc to her marriage.

XII.	And be it further enaded, That if any woman (hall be when any delivered of a baftard child in fuch hofpital, houfe, or place, woman (hall fuch owner, keeper, governor, mafter, fecretary, clerk, or other dCiMfrc? perfon as aforefaid, (hall, four days at the leaft before any fuch the^wnerof woman (hall be difeharged, give, or caufe to be given, a per- the hofpital is fonai notice, or notice in writing, of fuch delivery, to be left at to give four the ufual place of abode of the overfeer or overfeers, church- £aVs warden or churchwardens, of fuch parifh or place, wherein fuch df^argeVto hofpital, houfe, or place, fhall be fituated ; and fuch overfeer or the overfeers, overfeers, churchwarden or churchwardens, or fome or one of

them, is and are hereby authorifed and required, after fuch notice given, to attend at luch hofpital or place, within the time fo notified as aforefaid, and (hall convey every fuch woman before fome juftice of the peace of the county, riding, divifion, city, corporation or place, where fuch birth or births (hall happen, who (hall examine every fuch woman upon oath relative to her laft legal fettlement, ana (hall certify, in writing, to fuch overfeer or churchwarden the whole of fuch examination, who (hall caufe the fame to be depofited and kept amongft the books and papers belonging to fuch parilh or place.

XIII.	And be it further ena<fted. That if at any time fuch Overfeer at-overfeer or churchwarden (hall, upon fuch attendance be in-tending, and formed by fuch owner, keeper, governor, mafter, fecretary, b*,nS "*f°rm-clerk, or other perfon, that any fuch woman is not fufficiently a* jjCnot recovered to be taken out and carried before fuch juftice, fuch fufficiently re-overfeer or churchwarden (hall wait till a further notice (hall, covered, (hall in like manner, be given; and fuch notices, from time to time, *‘11 ? fur* (hall be repeated as occafion may require ; and every fuch over- gJy|nn#°tlCC C feer and churchwarden, who (hall receive the fame, is hereby

required to ppy due attention thereto.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it further enacled. That it ^J1r^°b (hall and may be lawful for every fuch owner, keeper, gover- jJJ.pl nor, mafter, fecretary, clerk, or other perfon, to keep, and de- hofpital till tain in fuch hofpital, houfe, or place, every fudh woman fo de- (he be in a fit lirered of a baflard child, till (he (hall be adjudged in a fit con- {*on^inon to. dition to be difeharged, and until (he (hall havq been examined &c ^i3rgc 9

Digitized by

Google

266

but not to extend to keep any woman longer than fix weeks, without her content.

Owners, governors, &c. not complying with the directions of this aft to forfeit 501.5 and overfeers, &c.negle£Ung cr refilling to forfeit 101. How penalties mny be recovered and applied.

Genera! iflue.

Treble cofts.

Actions when to be commenced.

I u Vick aft.

Anno decimo terrio Georgii III. c. 82. [1773.

before fome juftice of the peace, as aforefaid, with rcfpeCt to the place of her laft legal fettlement.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enabled. That nothing in this aft fhall extend, or be conttrued to extend to authorife or irapower any perfon whatfoever to keep or detain in fuch hofpital, houfe, or place, any woman fo delivered of a battard child for a longer time than fix weeks after the birth of fuch child, imlefs it fliall be done by her own free confent.

XVI.	And be it further enaCted, That every fuch owner, keeper, governor, matter, Secretary, clerk, or other perfon, a$ aforefaid, who fhall wilfully negleCl or refufe to comply with the directions of this aCt, fhall forfeit and pay, for every fuch negleCt or refufal, the futn of fifty pounds; and every fuch overfeer or churchwarden who fhall in like manner negleCt or refufe to comply with the directions of this aCt, fhall, for every fuch negleCt or refufal, forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds ; which penalties or forfeitures fhall be recovered, with full cotts of fuit, by aCtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejhninfter, by any perfon or perfons who fhall fue for the fame; and fuch forfeitures and penalties, when recovered, fhall be applied, one moiety to the ufe of the poor of the pafitti where fuch offence fhall have been committed, and the other moiety to the perfon or perfons who fhall fue for and recover the fame.

XVII.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That if any aClion or fuit fhall be commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this aCf, the defendant or defendants, in fuch aCtion or fuit, fhall and may plead the general iffue, and give, this aCt, and the ipecial matter, in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this aCt; and if afterwards a verdiCt fhall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall become nonfuited, or difeontinue his, her, or their aCtion or profecution, or judgement fhall be given againtt him, her, or them, upon demurrer, or otherwife; then fuch defendant or defendants fhall have treble cotts awarded to him or them againtt fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

XV III. Provided always, That no fuch aCtion or fuit (hall be brought by virtue and in purfuance of this aCt, unlefs the fame be commenced within fix calendar months after tbe offence committed.

XIX. And be it further enaCted, That this aCt (hall be deemed a publick aCt; and as fuch taken notice of by all judges, juftices, and other perfons, without fpcdally pleading the fame.

CAP.

Digitized by VjOOQle

1773.] Anno decimo tertio GeqRGII JH. c. 83,84.’'	*67

CAP. LXXXUI.

An aCt for building a bridge acroft the river of Thames, from Richmond, in the county of Surrey, to the oppofite (bore, in the county of Middle-(ex, and to enable his Majefty to grant the inheritance of the ferry Richmond to certain perfons therein mentioned.

Preamble. Com mi (Turners names. Qualification of commiflioners. Penalty on afting, it not qualified. Place of commiflioners meeting. Manner of adjourning. Commiflioners to defray their own expences. Proceedings to be entered in books. New Commiflioners to be elected by ballot, Commiflioners may caufe a bridge to be built of (tone, acrofs the river Thames, from Richmond to the oppofite (hore. Dimerifions of the bridge. Commiflioners to make a road through Twickenham Park,

Di mentions of the road. The bridge to be free from taxes, and not to be a county bridge. Damaging the bridge, &c. deemed felony. Damage done by boats, See. to be made good by the owners. Bodies corporate,See. enabled to convey their edates to the commiflioners. Lands, Scc. if not a-greed for, to be valued by a jury of the county. Jury to view the place m queftion if necelTary. Verdift tp be figned by five commiflioners, present, and to be tranlmitted to the clerk of the peace. Where perfons are intitled in remainder, the purchafe-monej? to be fettled accordingly.

The fum adjudged as a fatista&ion to be paid, or tendered, in a month alter the verdiCt, or the adjudication to be void. If the fum adjudged be refufed, Scc. to be paid into the bank of England, in the name of the trea-furer. Right of challenging the jury. Commiflionert may fine (herifF for ' default in impanelling jury, and jurymen or witnefles for not attending.

Fines to be levied by diftrefs, &c. Richmond ferry. The bridge not to be built until the ferry be purebafed by the commiflioners. in cafe the commiflioners and Mr. Holland cannot agree, the value to be tried by a jury of Surrey and Middlefex. In cafe no aCtion be brought in fix months after notice, the commiflioners may fummon a jury to ascertain the value.

His Majefty enabled to grant the inheritance of the ferry. After obtaining a grant from his Majefty, See. the ferry to be under the direction of the commiflioners. Commiflioners may ereCt a toll houfe, &c. The tolls.

Tolls veiled in commiflioners. The manner of enforcing the payment of tolls. If the bridge (hall receive damage, an occafional ferry may be fet up. Provifo. Power to borrow money upon the tolls. Securities, &c, to be entered in a book. All creditors to be deemed equal in degree.

When money borrowed and intereft (hall be repaid, and 50001. vetted in the funds for the fupport of the bridge, the tolls to ceafe. If the fund be reduced to 1000I. the tolls to be revived. Commiflioners may appoint a clerk. See. Collectors to account. Accounts to be delivered yearly to parliament. Collectors refuting to account, See. for the money in their hands, the fame may be levied by diftreis and fale of their goods. For want of fufficient diftrefs, the offender to be committed. Bridge to be begun before June 1, 1778, and finiflied before Junes, 1783. This aCt not to prejudice u e right of the mayor, &c. of the city of London. Limitation of actions. General iflue. Treble cofts. Commiflioners writings to be tree from (lamp-duty. Publick aCt.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An a£t	to	explain, amend, and	reduce into one	of parlia-

ment, the general laws now in being for regulating the turnpike roads in that part of Great Britain called England *, and for other purpofes.

WH ER E A S	the laws for the general regulation of the turn- preambl«.

pike roads within that part of Great Britain called England are jn fame	refpefls ineffectual, and require amendment: where-

fore, for remedy thereof, be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent

Digitized by

Google



Five or more ti	at a

general njtrer-may order weighing engines to*be eitcLd j

tnd caufe loaded C3iri-aae> to be \stinhed at t«ii npikes or toll gates i

taking jos. additional toll tor every i no wt. over the weights a.lowtd.

Anno decimo tertio GeoRGH III. c. 84.	[1773*

cellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpirifual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affemblcd, and by the authority of the fame. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for all truftees appointed by any a<5fe or a<5h of parliament, for the repair of any turnpike road within that part of Great Britain called England, or any five or more of them, at fome publick meeting, if they (hall think proper, at any or as many gate or gates, bar or bars, as they have erected, or (halJ ere<5t, for the receiving of any toll or tolls, or upon any part of the road within their refpective jurisdictions, and at fuch a diftance from any turnpike-bar or toll-gate as they refpedtive-ly (hall think requifite and expedient, to order and caufe to be built or erected, a crane, machine, or engine, proper for the weighing of carts, waggoils, or carriages, conveying of any goods or mcrchandife whatever; and, by writing, figned by them, or any five or more of them, to order all and every or any fuch carriage or carriages, which (hall pafs loaded through any fuch gate or bar, to be weighed, together with the loading thereof; and for them, or any five or more of them, or for any perfon or perfons impowered by any five or more of them, to receive and take, over and above the tolls already granted, ot hereafter to be granted, the fum of twenty (hillings for every hundred weight of one hundred and: twelve pounds to the hundred, which every waggon or cart hereafter deferibed, together with the loading thereof, (hall weigh, over and above the weights hereafter allowed to each of them refpe&ivelv; (that is to fay), To every waggon or four-wheel carriage, having the fellies of rollers of the wheels of (He breadth of fixteen inches, eight tons in fummer, and feven in winter; to every waggon or wain, having the axletrees thereof of fuch different lengths that the difiance from wheel to wheel ot the nearer pair of the faid wheels be not more than four feet two inches, to be meafured at the ground, and that the diftance from wheel to wheel of the other pair thereof be fuch, that the fore and hind wheels of fuch waggons and wains (hall roll only one fingle furfaceor path of fixteen inches wide at the lead, on each fide of the faid waggons or wains, and having the fellies thereof of the breadth of nine inches from fide to lide at the bottom or foie thereof, fix tons ten hundred in fummer, and fix tons in winter; to every waggon or four-wheeled carriage, having the fo!e or bottom of the Icllies of the wheels of the breadth of nine inches, fix tons in fummer, and five tons ten hundred in winter ; to every cart, having the fellies of the fame aimenfions, three tons in fummer, and two tons fifteen hundred in winter ; to every wfcggpn, having; the foie or bottom of the fellies’ of the wheels of the breadth or fix inches, four tons five hundred in fummer, and three tons fifteen hundred in winter ; and to every fuch waggon fo con-ftrutfed as to roll and adlually rolling a lurface of eleven inches, by the wheels thereof, five tons ten hundred in fummer, and five tons in winter ; to every cart, having the fellies of the wheels pf the fame dimenfions, two tons twelve hundred in fummer,

Digitized by v^ooQle

1773.] Anno deCimo tertio GeORGH III. c. 84,	269

and two tons feven hundred in winter ; to every waggon, hav* ing the foie or bottoto of the fellies of the wheels of lefs breadth than fix inches, three tons ten hundred in fummer, and three tons in winter; and to every cart, having the fellies of the wheels of the fame dimenlions, one ton ten hundred in fummer* and one ton feven hundred in winter; and that for the feveral purpofes aforefaid, it ihall be deemed fummer from the firft day of May to the thirty-firft day of Oftober% both days inclufive, and winter from the firft day of November to the thirtieth day of April, both days inclufive; which faid additional toll or duty, Additional hereby granted and made payable, (hall and may be levied and tou to bero, recovered upon any perfon liable thereto, in any of the cafes a- covered as forefaid, or his or her goods or chattels, who (hall, after demand othcr toi*s; made thereof, refufe or negledt to pay the fame, in fuch manner as any other toll or duty, payable at the fame turnpike-gate or bar, is or (hall be by law to be levied and recovered 5 and the money arifing from iuch additional duty (hall be applied to	the*1

the repair of the turnpike road where the fame (hall ber0ad*r°	c

collected.

II. And be it further ena&ed, That the keeper of every fuch Duty 0f tou. toll-gate or bar, where any fuch weighing engine (hall be ereeft- gatekeeper*, ed, or any other perfon appointed, or to be appointed, by the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, to the care of fuch weighing engine, (hall, and is hefeby required to weigh all fuch waggons and carts liable to be weighed by virtue of this aeft, which (hall pafs loaded through fuch gates or bars refpe&ively, and which be (hall have reafpn to believe carry greater weights than are allowed to pafs without paying the faid additional toll: and if any gate-keeper, or perfon fo appointed, (hall permit any fuch waggon or cart to pafs through any fuch toli-gate with greater weights than are hereby allowed, without weighing the Forfeiture for fame, and receiving fuch additional tolls, as aforefaid, he (hall, every offence for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of five pounds.	h 5I.

IIT. And, in order to deteft the faid colleflor or receiver in any truftees tkc* fraudulent connivance or neglefl of duty in the matters aforefaid, be may caufe it further enabled, That.it (hall and may be lawful for any carriages to he truftee, creditor, clerk, treafurer, or furveyor, of fuch turnpike	1#‘

road, if he (hall fufpedl any fuch connivance or negledt, as a- conmvanc - ot forefaid, to caufe any carriage, liable to be weighed by Virtue of collcttoi*. this a<ft, which (hall have parted through any toll-gate where fuch weighing engine (hall be eretfted, and (hall not have parted above three hundred yards beyond fuch toll-gate, to return to fuch weighing engine, and be there weighed with the loading which pafied through fuch gate, in the prefence of fuch truftee* creditor, clerk, treafurer, or furveyor, upon requiring the driver thereof to drive fuch carriage back to fuch weighing engine, and upon paying or tendering to him the fum of one (hilling for fo doing; which fum of one (hilling (hall be returned to the perfon paying the fame, if upon weighing fuch carriage and loading, the fame (hall be found above the weight hereby allowed.

IV.	And, for the better enforcing the authority of this aft, the Surveyor* to furveyors foalU and are hereby autborifed and required to make con- inakecui:**-

VWiuft' r\c\cf \o

-

270	Annd	decimd tertlo GeorgII III. c. 84.	[1773.

nicnt placet venient places for turning fitch carriages upon every fucb turnpike for turning road, where fuch weighing engine /ball be erefted, within three bun-whereS^eigh- dred yards °f fu‘h toll-gate, on each fide thereof if the ground will ing engines * admit of the fame; and there /ball be a lift of the names of all the may be ereA- trujlees and creditor s, and alfo of the tlerk, treafurer, and fitrveyor, ed*	f fuch turnpike road, put up in the houfe or building where fucb

weighing engine /ball be placed, to be infpe&ed by the owner or driver of every fuch carriage; and if the driver of any fuch carriage, being Drivers re- fQ reqUefieg f0 return with bis carriage to Juch weighing engine, Jball ih all forfeit ^ negleft or refu[t fi i(> do, he /hall forfeit theJum of forty Jhillings ; 401,	and it)ball and may be lawful for any peace officer, or other perfion or

pcrfons, being then prefent, upon fuch neglefl or refufal, to drive and take fucb carriage back to fuch weighing engine, in order to be weigh-ed as aforefaid.

V- And, in order to compenfate for the expences of eroding fucb f^repairing weighing engine, and to prevent any prejudice to the creditors who have turnpike lent, or Jball lend their money upon the Jecurity of the tolls, be it fur-roads, further thcr enabled, That all and every aA and a As of parliament, made continued, if for repairing and amending turnpike roads, the truftces whereof (hall within twelve calendar months after the commencement of this aA have caufed to be ereAed and ufed thereupon fuch weighing engine, purfuant to the direAion and true intent and meaning of this aA, (hall be continued, and be in full force, for five years, to be computed from the feveral ends and expirations of all and every fuch aA and aAs refpeAively, and fubjeA to all the tolls and duties, penalties, forfeitures, remedies, powers, authorities, claufes, rules, direAions, payments, and provifions, refpeAively made, and enaAed by any of the fald aA or aAs of parliament, now or heretofore made, for repairing and amending turnpike roads.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enaAed, That the regulations of weight herein-before mentioned lhall not extend, or be deemed or conftrued to extend, to any waggons, carts, or other carriages, employed only in husbandry, or carrying only manure for land, hay, draw, fodder, or corn unthreftied ; and that where lime or other manure is or (hall, by any particular turnpike aA, be permitted to pafs through any turnpike-gate toll free, or upon paying lefs toll than is required to be paid for other goods, it (hall be liable to be weighed at all weighing engines upon fuch turnpike road, together with the carriages in which fuch lime or manure (hall be conveyed, and (hall pay fuch additional toll for overweight as herein before direAed.

engines are ereAed in purfuance of this aA.

Mot to extend to waggons, carts, &c. employed in hufoandry.

toOices upon VII. Provided alfo, and be it further enaAed, That it (hall complaint	and may be lawful for the juftices of the peace, within the li-

made, may	mits of every county, riding, divifion, hundred, or precinA, at

order weigh- any general quarter feflions of the peace, upon complaint made be^creJ?edS t0	10 ^ern ty any juftice of the peace, or by any two creditors, or

when they	any two truftees of any turnpike road, within the faid limits of

think proper, which they are creditors, or truftees, that fuch turnpike road is much damaged by exceflive weights being carried thereupon* and that no weighing engine bath been ereAed, or ordered by

the

Digitized by Google

i 773.] Anno ckclmo tertlo Georgii III. c. 84.	271

the truftees of fuch turnpike road to be erelled, upon the fame* to fummon the clerk, furveyor, and treafurer, of fuch turnpike road to appear before the faid juftices, at their then next general quarter feftions of the peace, to (hew caufe why a weighing engine or engines (hould not be erelled at or near fuch gate or gates, upon fuch turnpike roads as (hall be deferibed in fuch fummons 3 and if at fuch fubfequent feftions the faid clerk, furveyor, and treafurei^ fome or one of them, (hall not appear before the juftices at fuch feftions, or appearing, (hall not (hew fufficient caufe to the faid juftices againft the erecting of fuch weighing engine or engines, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid juftices, if they think fit, at fuch quarter feftions, to order one or more weighing engine or engines to be erelled upon fuch turnpike road, at fuch place or places as they (hall think proper ; a copy of which order (hall be forthwith delivered to the clerk of of fuch turnpike road ; and the truftees thereof are hereby di-re&ed and required, at their next meeting, to be held after their clerk (hall have been ferved with fuch copy of the order as afore-faid, to contrail, or caufe a contrail to be made with fome proper perfon or perfons, for the making and ereAing fuch weighing engine or engines with all convenient fpeed; and the treafurer of fuch turnpike road is hereby authorifed and required to pay the expences attending the making and erelling of fuch weighing engine or engines out of the money which mall then be or next come into his hands from the tolls arifing upon fuch turnpike road.

VIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enalled, That when Where two or two or more turnpike road? meet at or near the fame place, it more roads (hall and may be lawful for the truftees of fuch turnpike roads m*ct> trJJftcc# refpcAively, at a meeting to be held for that purpofe, to fix up- JJSghiJg tn° on fome convenient place to erell a weighing engine upon, gine to ac-which will accommodate all fuch turnpike roads ; and, by a- commodate greement amongft themfelves at fuch meeting, to proportion thethcm* expences which may attend the making, erelling, maintaining,

and keeping fuch weighing engine, and likewife the money a-rifing from forfeitures to be Incurred for overweight at fuch weighing engine, amongft all fuch turnpike roads, in fuch manner as to them (hall appear juft and reafonable.

IX.	And be it enalled, That it (hall not be lawful for the Truftees not truftees of any turnpike road, their leflee or leflees, to make to make com-compofition for tools, for or in refpelt of any waggon, wain. Potion tor cart, or carriage, or horfcs? or beafls of draught, drawing the ^

lame, unlefs fuch waggons, wains, carts, and carriages, have have the Vei-* the fellies of the wheels thereof of the breadth or gauge of fix He$ of wheels inches, or more, any law to the contrary thereof notwith- fix inchtt (landing.	'	brold‘

X.	And be it further enalled, That if any perfon or peffons j petialty (hall unload, or caufe to be unloadeo, any goods, wares, or on unloading tnerchandifes, from any cart, waggon, or other carriage, (ex- goods before cept fuch carriages as are herein-before excepted), at, of before coming to any the fame (hall come to any turnpike-gate or weighing engine, f^enginc? "

erelled

Digitized by

Google

27*	Anno	dccimo tertlo Georgii III. c. 84^	[*773#

erefted by virtue or in purfuance of this or any other aft, made for the repair or prefervation of any turnpike road ; or (hall load or lay upon fuch carriage, (except as aforefaid), after the ‘	fame (hall have pafied any fuch turnpike or weighing engine,

any goods, wares, or merchandifes, taken or unloaden from any horfe, cart, or other carriages, belonging to, or hired, or borrowed by the fame waggoner or carrier, in order to avoid the payment of the faid refpeftive duties of twenty (hillings ptr hundred ; or if any perfon (hall fo unload, in order to carry confiderable quantities of goods through any turnpike-gate, in one and the fame day, and thereby pay lefs toll at fuch turnpike-gate than would have been paid if fuch goods, wares, or merchandifes, had not been fo unloaden; each and every perfon fo offending in any of the cafes aforefaid, and being thereof lawfully convifted before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the limit where the offence fhall be committed, upon the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds; to be levied upon the goods and chattels of the owner of fuch cart, waggon, or other carri-. age; and each and every driver, not being the owner of fuch waggon or carriage, fo offending, and being thereof convifted, as aforefaid, (hall be committed to thehoufe of correction for the fpace of one month, bwners or XI. And be it further enafted. That if the owner of any wag-drivers of gon, cart, or carriage, or other perfon, being the driver there-waggons, &c. cf^ travelling on any turnpike road where any toll-gate or weigh-thenrofd0lto *n8 enS*ne ls or ftwM ^ erefted, (hall drive or turn out of the avoid being fame into any other road, in order to avoid being weighed, or weighed, (hall to avoid the paying of toll, and (hall afterwards proceed with forfeit not ex-fuch carriage into and on the fame turnpike road, every fuch nor Ids than owner* or other perfon, convifted of fuch offence before one or 40g#	more juftice or juftices of the peace for the limit where fuch of-

ence (hall be committed, upon the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, (hall forfeit, if he be the owner, any fum not exceeding five pounds, nor lefs than twenty (hillings; and if he be the driver and not the owner any fum not exceeding fifty (hillings, nor lefs than ten (hillings, upQn conviftion, for every fuch offence.

R latlonam XII. And be It further enafted. That no carriage, liable to the conltruc- be weighed by virtue of this aft, (hall pafs along any turnpike

tion of the wheels of carriages travelling on roads above ao miles from London.

road, being above twenty miles from the cities of London or JVeJlmitijUr, unlefs the fame (hall be made and conftrufted in fuch manner, that no pair of fuch wheels (hall be wider than four feet fix inches from infide to infide, to be meafured on the ground, (except wheels having the foies of the fellies thereof of the breadth of nine inches, which (hall be fo conftrufted as -to roll a furface of fixteen inches; and that the wider pair of fuch wheels (hall not be more than five feet eight inches from infide to infide, to be meafured on the ground), and that the diftance from the centre of the fofe wheel to the centre of the hind wheel of any waggon or four-wheeled carriage, not being ufed for the

carriage

Digitized by VjOOQLC

1773-] Anno decimo tcrtio Georgii III. c.84.	273

carriage of timber only, be not above nine feet, to be meafured from the centre of the axletrees at the ends thereof, on pain of the owner or owners of every fuch waggon, wain, or cart, forfeiting the fum of five pounds for every fuch offence: and the Surveyors,&c. furveyor or furveyors, gate-keeper or gate-keepers, of any turn- to meafure pike road, is and arc hereby authorised and required, at any®*™**** turnpike or toll-gate, or at any other place upon the turnpike road, to meafure every fuch waggon, wain, or cart; and if any or they (halt matter or driver of any waggon, wain, or cart, (hall hinder, or not be per-refufe to permit fuch Surveyor or furveyors, gate-keeper or gate- mitlcd t0 P**1* keepers, to meafure fuch waggon, wain, or cart, as aforefaid, he or (he (hall forfeit the fum of five pounds; and it (hall not be lawful for any fuch waggon, wain, or cart, not permitted to be meafured as aforefaid, to pafs along any turnpike road.

XIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That no waggon, wain, or No mae-inch other four-wheeled carriage, having the foie or bottom of the wheeled fellies of the wheels of the breadth or gauge of nine inches, dAg«fnwith ° (hall pafs or be drawn on any turnpike road with more than more than eight norfes; nor any cart* or other two-wheeled carriage, hav- eight horfesj ing wheels of the bresulth aforefaid, (hall pafs or be drawn upon n°r

any turnpike road with more than five horfes; and that theSages?!Lmc horfes in fuch refpe&ive carriages (hall draw in pairs ; (except breadth, with an odd horfe in any team, and except where the number of more than horfes (hall not exceed four;) and alfo that no waggon, wain, \ or other four-wheeled carriage, having the foie or bottom of the *n .m £*!*** fellies of the wheels of the breadth of fix inches, (hall pafs or be	car-*

drawn on any turnpike road with rtnore than fix horfes; and riagC8 not to that no cart, or other two-wheeled carriage, having wheels of the be drawn with breadth laft mentioned, (hall be drawn on $ny turnpike road morc than with more than four horfes; and alfo, that no waggon, wain, or other four-wheeled carriage, having the fellies of the wheels wheeled"ctr-of lefs breadth than fix inches, (hall pafs or be drawn on any riages with turnpike road with more than four horfes ; and that no cart, or™ore th*n other two-wheeled carriage, having the fellies of fhe wheels of horfcSf lefo- breadth than fix inches, (hall pafs or be drawn on any turn- owners of pike road with more than three horfes; and the owner of every waggons, See• fuch waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, (hall forfeit the fum-of for every five pounds ; and the driver thereof, not being the owner, the above fum of twenty (hillings, for every offence againft the provifion* f^fcjatgin|#cr> aforefaid, to any perfon or perfons who (hall fue for the fame, and the driver

XIV.	Provided always. That all carriages moving upon rollers 20 s.

of the breadth of fixteen inches on each fide thereof, with flat Carriages up* furfaces, are hereby allowed to be drawn with any number of0T? [°ilcr* horfe, or other canle.	££ t

XV.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That no profecu- drawn with tion (hall be commenced before a juftice of peace, by way of any number information, for any forfeiture incurred by the owner or driver o{

of any carriage having a greater number of horfes therein than Profecutiona are allowed by this adt, unlefs fuch information be laid within not to b* d three days after the offence committed j and that no adtion (hall be commenced for any fuch offence, unlefs the fame be com- nation belaid Vot. XXX.	T	menced

Digitized by

Google

within three days after the offence is committed.

Waggons, &c. may be drawn by any number of horfes, when an engine iseredted, and the carriage weighed.

Penalty on faking off horfes, or altering the dittance of the wheels before coming to a gate.

Truftees may allow waggons with broad wheels to be drawn wp hills with ao horfes; and carts by bx, See,

Anno dccimo tertio GeorGII III. C.84. [1773*

menced within one calendar month after the offence committed 5 and that neither fuch information or adion (hall be laid or commenced, unlefs notice (hall be given by the informer to the driver of every fuch carriage, on the day upon which the offence fhall be committed, of an intention to complain of fuch offence; and if it (hall appear to the juftice before whom fuch complaint lhall be made, that the offender lives fo remote as to make it inconvenient to fummon him to appear before fuch juftice, the jaftice may difmifs the complaint, and leave the informer to his remedy by adion at law.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful for any waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, to be draWn with any number of horfes upon any turnpike road where a weighing engine (hall be eroded, provided fuch carriage (hall be weighed at fuch engine: and in order that the owner or driver of every fuch carriage may be furni(hed with proper evidence of the fads above mentioned, if any profecution (hould be commenced againft him or them for ufing a greater number of horfes than are allowed by this ad, the perfon who (hall have the care of fuch weighing engine (hall, and is hereby required, on demand made &y the driver of any fuch carriage, to give to fuch driver a ticket, certifying that fuch carriage was weighed, and the weight thereof, with the loading.

XVII.	And be it further enaded, That if any perfon or perfons (hall take off, or caufe to be taken off, any horfe or horfes, or other beaft of draught, from any waggon, or other carriage, or (hall alter, or caufe the diftance of the wheels thereof to be altered, at or before the fame (hall come to any of the laid gates or turnpikes, with intent to avoid any toll, forfeiture, or penalty, for drawing with a greater number of horfes or beafts of draught, or in any other manner than hereby allowed, each and every perfon fo offending, and being convided thereof before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the limit where the offence lhall be committed, upon the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, (hall forfeit and pay the fusn of five pounds.

XVIII.	Provided alwavs, and be it enaded. That if it (hall appear to the truftees ot any turnpike road, or any feven of them, at any of their publick meetings, by the oath of one or more witnefs or witnefles experienced in levelling, that any part of the rife of any hill upon fuch turnpike road (hail be more than four inches in a yard; in (ueb cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid truftees, or any feven of them, to allow fuch number of horfes as they (hall judge neceflary, not exceeding ten for waggons with nine inch wheels, nor fix for carts with nine inch wheels; and not exceeding feven for waggons with fix inch wheels, nor five for carts with fix inch wheck; and not exceeding five for waggons' with wheels of Ids breadth than fix inches, nor four for carts with wheels of lefs breadth than fix inches: and in cafe it/halt appear to the faid truftees, in manner aforefaid, that the. whole rife of any hill taken rqge-

th?

Digitized by v^ooQle

*773*] Amo dcdnao terdo Gborgii III. c. 84.

VS

ther (hall be more than four inches in a yard upon an average. They may al-it (hall and may be lawful for the (aid truftees, or any feven of Jowiuch’num-them, to allow fuch number of horfes as they (hall think fit to „ they chink be ufed in fuch waggons and carts refpe&ively, for the purpofe fit, Up hills only of drawing the fame up fuch hill or hills, as aforefaid, the riling more length and extent of fuch hill or hills to be Specified in fuch than 4 inches order of allowance, and the termination at each end thereof {,” Vecified°ia to be marked by a poft or done, to be erefted at fuch refpe&ive the order of boundaries; and the faid order of allowance (hall be certified allowance, by the faid truftees, or their clerk, to the next general quarter > fetlions of the peace, of the limit within which fuch hill or hills (hall refpedHvely be (ituated : and if the faefts, upon which the fame is founded, (hall, at the faid quarter foflions, be proved upon the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefies, to the fatisfa&ion of the juftices on the bench, or the major part of them, the (aid order of allowance (had be confirmed and filed among the records of the feffions by the clerk of the peace, or. otherwise (hall be vacated and qua(hed : and from and after fuch confirmation and filing, no perfon (hall be liable to any penalty or forfeiture for uftng fuch number of horfes as (hall be fo allowed in drawing any waggon or cart up fuch hill or hills re-fpedtivelyi and it (hall and may be lawful for the faid juftices, at any (ubfequent quarter feflions of the peace, to re-confider the faid order of allowance, and to difeharge the fame, if they think fit.

XrX. Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That if it Exemption (hall appear, upon the oaths of credible witnefies, to thefatisfac- refpea: tion of any juftice or juftices of the peace, or of any court of £awS*?fth juftice, authorised to enforce the execution of this a&, that any a„ extraordi-waggon, cart, or carriage, could not, by realbn of deep fnow or nary number # ice, be drawn with the refpedtive weights, and by the number of of horfes horfes or beads of draught hereby refpedfcively allowed ; th«, and in every fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch juftice or n° juftices of peace, or court refpe&ivdy, and they are hereby re-* fpc&ively required, to ftop all proceedings before them respectively for the recovery of any penalty or forfeiture which may have been incurred by drawing with a greater number of horfes, or beads of draught, than are hereby allowed ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XX.	And whereas great damage is done to turnpike roads by Narrow wheel* waggonsy and other carriages, with narrow wheels, drawn by horfes ed waggons in pairs ; for remedy thereof, be it enabled. That it (hail not *!or to be lawful for any waggon, wain, or cart, having the foie or horfesia^ bottom of the fellies of the wheels thereof of lefs breadth or pairs, gauge than nine inches, to pafs upon any turnpike road, or through any turnpike gate or bar, if the fame fhall be drawn by horfes in pairs, (other than and except fuch waggons, wains, or carts, having the fellies of the wheels thereof of the breadth of fix inches, as (ball be authorifed to be drawn in any other manner by order of the truftees of arty turnpike road within their diftudt, made at a publick meeting, confiding of fevea.

T 2

truftees.

2?6	Aflno dccimo tertlo GSokgii III. c.84. [1773,

truftees, or more; which order it (hall and may be lawful for * the faid truftees to revoke at any fubfequent meeting, and afterwards to make a new one, if they (hall think fit, for the fame purpofe, and fixed in writing upon every toll-gate within fuch diftrid, and except carriages drawn by two hones only.)

Penalty on XXI. And be it further enaded, That in cafe any perfon or drivers driv- perfons (hall, upon any turnpike road, drive, or ad as the driver ing carriage* or drivers of any waggon, cart, wain, or carriage, not being the dU^tion* mar^c<* according to the diredions of this ad 5 or drawn by ©Ahi* ad, # morc t*lan t*lc number of horfes, or beads of draught, hereby refpfcdively authorised; that then, and in every fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any conftable, tythingman, furveyor, or any other perfon, to aprehend and take, or caufe to be apprehended and taken, fuch perfon or perfons, fo driving, or ading as driver or drivers, as aforefaid, before one or more juftice or judices of the peace for the limit where the faid offence fhall be committed, and, upon convidion thereof, either by the confeflion of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneues before fuch judice or juftices of the peace, every fuch perfon or perfons fo offending, (hall refpedivcly for-not exceeding feit and pay, for every fuch offence, a fum not exceeding five 51*	pounds, nor left than ten (hillings, at the diferetion of the

judice or judices before whom fuch offender (hall be convided. Where extra- XXII. And whereas in and by fcveial afts of parliament\ made ordinary tolls for amending and repairing particular turnpike roads, feveral high ^r^tedTthe ^ extraordinary tolls are granted, and direfled to be levied and fruftee* may Pa** for waggons, carts, and other carriages, drawn by more than a mitigate certain number of horfes, or beafs of draught, therein refpedively them, in re- mentioned, with an intent, in effect, to prohibit the paffage of fuch four* carriages, and thereby the better to preferve the faid roadsj now it gon*, Ike?*	19 hereby further enaded. That it (hall and may be lawful to

and for the faid trudees appointed, or to be appointed, in or by virtue of any ad of parliament made for repairing and amending fuch particular roads, as aforefaid, or any five or more of fuch trudees refpedively, within their refpedive didrids, and they are hereby authorised and required, at the fird meeting after the commencement of this ad, to mitigate, leflen, and reduce the faid high and extraordinary tolls and duties, for and in refped of fuch waggons, or other wheeled carriages only, having the wheels of the breadth or gauge of fix inches, as aforefaid, in fuch manner as no greater toll or duty, in refped to waggons, be demanded or taken for the fame than is provided and direded by the faid ads refpedively to be paid and taken for waggons, and other four-wheeled carriages, drawn by four horfes, or beads of draught 5 and that no greater toll or duty be demanded or taken for carts having the fellies of tbeir wheels of the breadth or gauge of fix inches, than is provided and direded by fuch ads refpedively to be taken for carts drawn by three horfes; and the faid truftees, within their refpedive diftrids, or any five or more of them refpedively, are hereby authorised and required to give directions, in writing, to

«	the

Digitized by

1773.] Anno dedmo tertio Georgii III. c.84.'	»77

the feveral collectors within fuch their refpeCtive diftriCts, to take and receive fuch tolls and duties, and no other; any law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the truftees appoint* One half more cd by virtue or under the authority of any adt of parliament, than the toll# made for repairing or amending turnpike roads, or fuch perfon ***to betaken or perfons as are authorifed by them, (hall and may, and are wheeleTwag-hereby required, to demand and take, for every waggon, wain, gana, &c. cart, or carriage, having the fellies of the wheels thereof of lefs

breadth or gauge than fix inches from fide to fide at the leaft, at the bottom or foie thereof, and for the horfes, or beafts of draught, drawing the fame, one half more than the tolls or duties wljich are or (hall be payable for the (ame refpedively; and for every waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, having the and after fellies of the wheels thereof of lefs breadth or gauge than Sept. «77*. fix inches from fide to fide, at the leaft, at the bottom or foie	tbcff

thereof, and for the horfes, or beafts of draught, drawing the 1 *’ lame, from and after the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, double the tolls o* duties which are or (hall be payable for the fame refpedively, by any adt or a As of parliament made for amending or repair* ing turnpike roads, before any fuch waggon, wain, cart, or car* jiage refpedtively, (hall be permitted to pafs through any turnpike gate or gates, bar or bars, where tolls (hall be payable by virtue of any fuch alts.

XXIV.	At}d whereas fhere are in feveral alls if parliament, for flaking, amending, and repairing turnpike roads, exemptions allowed from pigment if tolls in particular cafes therein rtfpeftively mentioned, and liberties are allowed in particular cafes to pay lefs tolls than

fire charged upon other waggons, tpains, carts, and carriages, pajjing m through turnpike gates or bars: and whereas it will tend to the ad-vantage and prtfervQtion of turnpijte roads to confine fuch exemptions, liberties, privileges, and advantages, to carriages with wheels of the breadth or gauge of fix inches, or upwards; be it therefore ena&cd, No exemption That no perion (hall, by virtue of the faid a As of parliament, from toll by have claim, or take the benefit or advantage of any exemption from toll, or part of tolls, or to pay lefs toll for or in refpedt of by any ^rfoa, any waggon, wain, cart, or other carriage, or horfe drawing the unle)| where* fame, and carrying any particular kina of goods, than other carriage* with carriages of the like nature, carrying other goqds, qught to pay, fix fclAiet unlefs fuch waggon, wain, cart, or other carriages, have the are ulcd* foie of the bottom of the fellies of the wheel* thereof qf the breadth or gauge of (}x inches or upwards, (qther than and ex- Carts, See. cept carts and carriages, employed in carrying corn, or grain employed in in the draw, hay, draw, fodder, dung, lime for the improve- hulbandry meet of land, qr other manure, or any implements of hulbandry tJLCePtt*f pnly;) but that fhe tqll required by the faid adls refpc&ively together with the additional tolls hereby required to be taken for pr in refpedt of every fuch waggon, wain, cart, or other carriage, having the foie or bottom ofthe fellies of the wheels thereof of |cts breadth or gauge than fix inches as afore&uj, and fat and m

T 3	w-

No benefit to be taken pf exemptions, unless the feh lies lie flat.

Waggons, See, moving on

*78	■ Anno dccimo tcrti6 Georgii III. C. 84* [1773*

refpeft of horfes, or beads of draught, drawing the fame* (except as before excepted,) (hall be paid in the fame manner, to all intents and purpofes, as if no exemption, or lefs toll, had been enafted or allowed by any of the faid afts refpeftively, and as fully as all other waggons, wains, carts, and carriages, and horfes drawing the fame, ought refpeftively to pay, which are *not intiried to any exemption from toll, in the whole or part; or tb pay a lefs toll than other waggons, wains, carts, and carriages ; any law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXV.	Provided, That no perfon or perfons be allowed to take the benefit of any fuch exemptions, or to have the privilege berein-before given of compounding in refpeft of any carriage having the fellies of the wheels thereof of the breadth or gauge of fix inches, or upwards, unlefs the fellies, and the tire upon fuch fellies, (hall lie fiat.

XXVI.	Provided alfo. That all waggons, carts, or carriages, moving upon rollers, of the breadth of fixteen inches on each

brllCdth°Vh6 t^lcrco^ ®at furfaces, (hall be permitted to pafs or be rca 0 lb drawn upon any turnpike road toll-free, for the term of one

Jear, to be computed from Michaelmas, one thoufand feven undred and feventy-three j and from and after the expiration of the faid term, all fuch waggons, carts, or carriages, as afore-faid, (hall pafs upon any turnpike road, through any toll-gate or

inches, on each fide, with flat fur-faces, to pafs toil free ior one year.

j one bait of the toll

does not extend.

and then after bir, upon paying only fo much of the tolls and duties as (halt not exceed one half of the full toll or duty payable by this or any turnpike ad* for all waggons, wains, or carts, having the fellies of the wheels of the breadth or gauge of fix inches from fide to fide, or for the horfes or beafts of draught drawing the fame, and not rolling a furface of fixteen inches on each fide # thereof; and that no more than half toll (hall be paid in refpeft erf waggons having the fellies of the wheels thereof of the breadth of nine inches, and rolling a furface of fixteen inches on each fide thereof, from and after the commencement of this aft any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

Carriages to XXVII. Provided always. That nothing herein-beforc con-which the aft tained (hall Extend or be conftrued to extend, to any chaife-A -	marine,	coach,	landau,	berlin,	chariot, chaife, chair, calafh, or

hearfe, or to the carriage of fuch ammunition or artillery as lhall be for his Majefty’s fervice, or to any cart or carriage arawn by one horfe, or two oxen, and no more; or to any carriage having the foie or bottom of the fellies of the wheels thereof of the breadth of nine inches, which (haH be laden with one block of (tone, one piece of marble, one cable rope, one piece of metal, or one piece of timber.

XXVIII.	Provided alfo, and be it enafted, That if any perfon or perfons (hall take the benefit of any exemptions, under or by virtue of this or any other aft made for the repair of any turnpike road, in any fraudulent or collufive manner whatfoever, .. fuch perfon or perfons (hall forfeit, for every fuch offence, a fum not to exceed not exceeding five pounds, or lefs than forty (hillings, at the diferetion of the jufticc or juftices before whom fuch offender frail be convifted.

XXIX.	And

Digitized by Google

Penalty on perfons fraudulently taking the benefit of any ex* emption, is

1773-1	A11110 dccimo tertio Grorgii III* c. $4.	279

XXIX.	And whereas y in and by feveral afis of parliament, madeTrufteet may and paffed for amending and repairing particular turnpike roads, there re^uce tbe

is no power, <?r /w effectual power, '{fata to the truflees to lejfcn the	meet*

tolls y although fuch turnpike roads may he fujficientfyy or in a great degree^ amended and repaired\ and ally or the greatejl part of the money borrowed upon tbe credit of any fuch aHs9 may have been paid and difcharged; be it therefore further enafted, Thai it fha!l ancj may be lawful to and for the truftees appointed in and by virtue of any aft of parliament now in force for repairing and amending fuch particular roads as aforefaid, or any feven or more of fuch truftees refpeftivelv, and they are hereby impowered, in any of the cafes aforefaid, at a meeting to be held tor that purpofe, of which one calendar month’s notice (hall be given in writing, to be affixed on all turnpike gates which (hall be then crefted upon fuch refpeftive roads, and in fome publick newspaper circulated in that part of the country, from time to time, to leflen or reduce all or any of the tolls granted by any of the faid refpeftive afts, for and during fuch time as the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, (hall think proper; and after-and afterwards, at any meeting to be held as aforefaid, from time to ward* to ad-time, if they (hall fee occafion, to advance all or any of the tolls vaDCC thcm fo leftened to any fum or fums of money, not exceeding the fc- aga,ni veral rates granted by fuch afts of parliament refpeftively.

XXX.	Provided neverthelefs. That where the whole money Provided fuch borrowed on tbe credit of the tolls, granted by any fuch aft, alteration* of (hall not have been paid and difcharged, no fuch tolls (hall be tolls be leftened or reduced without the confent of the perfon or perfons Snfentof the intitled to five-fixths of the money remaining due upon fuch creditors, refpeftive tolls.

XXXI.	And whereas in and by feveral alls of parliament, made Power for }u-for repairing particular turnpike roads, there are no powers given to faces to farm the truflees to let or form out the tolls arifing upon fuch roads, and in out tbe t0^»' many cafes where the particular alls have given fuch power, they are

not executed and enforced in tbe mojl beneficial manner for fuch roads; for remedy whereof, be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful for the truftees of any particular turnpike aft, or any feven or more of them, at a publick meeting, to let to farm the tolls of the feveral gates erefted upon their refpeftive turnpike roads, in the manner herein-after mentioned, although no exprefs power (hall have been given by fuch turnpike aft for that purpofe ; and that whenever any tolls (hall hereafter be let under parti-to farm, by virtue of the powers given by this or any other aft cular duec-or afts of parliament, the following directions (hall be obferv- * A “ ed ; (that is to fay,) the truftees (hall caufe notice to be given of the time and place for letting the fame at leaft one month before the day to be appointed for that purpofe, by fixing the fame upon every toll-gate belonging to fuch turnpike road, and alfo upon the market-crofs of the market town neareft to the place where the faid tolls are to be let, and alfo in fome publick newspaper circulated in that part of the country, and Ijpecifying in every fuch notice the fum which the (aid tolls produced in the

T 4	pre-

tions and rc* ftri&ions.

s

to the btffc bidder.

The laft bidder to be the farmer of the toils.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. 0.84.	[*773.

preceding year, clear of the falary for collelling the fame, in cafe any hired collector was appointed, and that they will let fuch tolls, by aultion to the bed bidder, on his producing fufficient fureties for payment of the money, monthly or quarterly, as (hall be required by the truftees ; and that they will be put up at the fum which they were let for or produced in the preceding year, clear of the falary of the collector; and to prevent fraud, or any undue preference in the letting thereof, the truftees are hereby required to provide a glafs with fo much fand in it as will run from one end of it to the other in One minute; which glafs, at the time of letting the faid tolls, (hall be fet upon a table, and immediately after every bidding the glafs (hall be turned, and as Toon as the fand is run out, it (hall be turned again, and fo for three times, unlefs feme other bidding inter-venes: and if no other perfon (hall bid, until the fand (hall have run through the glafs for three times, the laft bidder (hall be the farmer or renter of the faid tolls, and (hall forthwith enter into a proper agreement for the taking thereof and paying the money at the times fpecifieft in fuch notice, or as mall be agreed upon between him and the truftees $ and ini cafe no bidder (hall offer, the faid truftees may appoint a collector of fuch tolls, or fix fome future day for the letting thereof, as they (hall judge molt proper, upon giving fuch notice thereof as afore-laid, and (hall apd may, in that cafe, put them up at fuch fum If the farmer a§ they (hall think fit: aqd if thp perfon Or perfons who (hall be pf tolls takef the farmer or renter of fuch tolls (hall take a' greater or lefs toll from any perfon or perfons than what are authorifed or dirplled by this or the particular turnpike alt, he or they (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of five pounds, and (hall alfo forfeit the faid contrail for renting the tolls, if the faid truftees (hall think ftt to vacate the fame; and every other gatekeeper authorise former he rifed to collelt the tolls, who (hall take a greater or lefs toll than forfeits+os. as aforefaid, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of forty (hillings.

All ftatutt- XXXII. And be it further cnalted, That the furveyors of duty to be all turnpike roads (hall caqfe the ftatute-duty required by the l^rtonnedm refpellive turnpike alls, and the compofitions arlfing from the where n^C# famc>t0 performed, laid out, and expended, Upon the turn-arifes.	pike road lying within the parilh, townftiip, or place, from

which fuch duty (hall be required, and not elfewhere, and (hall forfeit the fuip of forty (hillings fbr every mifapplication there-Jf more turn- of; and that where there are two or more turnpike roads under feveral alls of parliament within the fame pari(h, townfhip, or the feme pa- placc> ai*dtJie ftatute-duty dire&ed by all fuch alls to be taken or applied for the repair of fuch turnpike roads within fuch parifti, townftiip, or place, (hall exceed three days duty in the Whole; then, and in fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful fbr two or more juftices of the peace of the limit where fuch turnpike roads (hall be, and they arc hereby required, at fome fpecial may ad juft the fefiions, to adjuft and proportion the ftaruteduty betwixt fuch proportions. turnpike roads and the other highways in fuch parifti, tpwtf-' •	‘	•	*'•	' Clip,

a greater or lets toll than allowed, he forfeits 51. and alfo his contrail 5 if he is not

riih, and the ftatute-duty required to them exceeds three days, the juftices

Digitized by

Google

1773*1 Anno derimo tertio GeoRGII III, c. 84.	a8i

fhip, or place, in fuch manner as they [hall think fit, having regard to the extent and condition of the faid feveral roads and highways, and alfo to the tolls and revenues arifing from fuch turnpike roads refpedively, the faid juftices previouily fummon-ing the clerks and furveyors of fuch turnpike roads and likewife the furveyors of the highways, for fuch parifh, townlhip, or place, who are hereby refpedively required to attend the jufttees upon fuch fummons.

XXXIII.	And be it further enaded, That when the inhabi- Where turn-rants of any parirti, townfhip, or place, (hall be indided or pre-fented for not repairing any highway, being turnpike road, and ccwrt* the court before whom fuch indidment or prefentment fhall be may propor-preferred (hall impofe a fine for the repair of fuch road, the tion the fine fame (hall be proportioned, together with the cofts and charges an<i c°fb teattending the fame, between the inhabitants of fuch parilh, {^lubiunt* fownlhip, or place, and the truftees of fuch turnpike road, in an(j the fuch manner as to the faid court, upon confideration of the cir- truftees, cutnftances of the cafe, (hall feem juft ; and it (hall and may be lawful for fuch court to order the treafurer of fuch turnpike road to pay the fum fo proportioned for fuch turnpike road out of the money then in his hands, or next to be received by him, in cafe it (hall appear to fuch court, from the circumftances of fuch turnpike debts and revenues, that the fame may be paid without endangering the fecurity of the creditors who have advanced without en-their money upon the credit of the tolls to be raifed thereupon; ^angering the which order (hall be binding upon fuch treafurer, and he is credVto*^^ hereby authorifed and required to obey the fame.	1

XxXIV. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That No fide gat* no toll-gate (hall hereafter be ereded on the fide of any turnpiketo be ere&ed road, unlefs the fame be ordered by the truftees, at a meeting, of which twenty-one days publick notice (hall have been given {„g# aftc™ in writing, affixed upon all the toll-gates ereded on fuch roads? notice given, and alfo in fome publick news-paper circulated in that part ofaiMj by order the country, fpccifying the place where fuch fide-gate is propofed	^

to be ereded, and unlefs nine truftees at leaft (being a majority of thofe pre fen t) (hall Ggn the faid order at fuch meeting j and No roll to be that no perfon (hall be liable to pay toll at any toll-gate ereded, paid unlefs tbt or to be ereded, acrofs or on the fide of any turnpike road, or **7fes*2c be fubjed to any penalty for any carriage, horfe, or beaft, which pa£ ji© yards (hall only crofs fuch road, and (hall not pafs above one hundred upon the yards thereon, except over fome bridge, ereded at a confiderable r°a(h or over expence by the truftees of fuch turnpike road f any thing in this or any other ad of parliament contained to the contrary thereof truftees. in any-wife notwithftanding.

XXX VI And be it further enaded, That if any perfon or Payment of perfoos (hall agree to advance any fum or fums of money, to be employed in the making or repairing any turnpike ro*d, highway intended to be made turnpike, and (hall fubferibe his, retiring her, or their name or names to any wriring for that purpofe, turnpike every fuch perfon (hall be JiaJMe to pay every fum or fums of ro**$» tnoney fo fubferibed, according to the purport of fuch writing;

1 *	•	and

Digitized by

Google

*8*

Surveyor to get and carry away materials by contract after pubiick notice given.

Surveyor to have no (hare fn the contra#, nor to’ feil materials, or hire out any team*

If furveyor' fufFera earth, rubbiib, or ftores to lie 4 days within 10 feet of the centre of the road, he forfeits 40 a.

Anno <lccime teitio Georgii UI. <^84.	[1773.

tnd in default of payment thereof within twenty-one days after the fame (hall become payable, according to the purport of fuch writing, and (hall be demanded by the perfon to whom the (ame is made payable by fuch writings or if no perfon be named therein for that purpofe by the treafurtr of fuch turnpike, or intended turnpike road, it (hall and may be lawful for every fuch treasurer, or other perfon, to fue for and recover the fame, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record, by a#ion of debt, or on the cafe, bill, fuit, or information, wherein no efloin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

XXXVI.	And be it further ena#ed, That on every turnpike road where a fufficient quantity of done, gravel, chalk, or other materials, cannot be provided and carried by the labourers and teams required to perform datute-duty upon the fame, the fur-veyor, with the approbation of the trudees of fuch road, (hall, and is hereby required to contra# for the getting and canying thereof, at fome time and place to be fixed for that purpofe, of which ten days notice in writing (hall be given, by fixing the fame on the door of the church or chapel of fuch parifh, town-(hip, or place, or, if there be no church or chapel, at the mod pubiick place there, which notice (hall fpecify the work to be done, and the time and place for letting thereat: and if any fur-veyor (hall have any part, (hare, or intcred, direflly or indined-ly, in any fuch contra#, or in any other contra# or bargain, for work or materials, to be made, done, or provided, upon, for, or on account of any of the highways, roads, bridges, qr other works, under bis care or management s or (hall, upon his own account dire#ly or indire#ly, let to hire any team, or fell or dif-pofe of any timber, done, or other materials, to be ufed or employed in making or repairing fuch roads, bridges, or other works, as aforefaid, unlefs a licence in writing for the fale of any fuch materials, or for letting to hire any fuch team, be firft obtained from the faid trudees; he (hall forfeit, for every fuch offence, the fum of ten pounds, and be for ever after incapable of being employed as a furveyor, under the authority of this or any other a# of parliament.

XXXVII.	And be it further ena#ed. That if the furveyor or furveyors, or other perfon or perfons, having the care of any turnpike road, (hall knowingly differ to be or remain, for the fpace of four days, in any part thereof, within ten feet on either fide of the middle of fuch road, any pod or pods, heap or heaps of dones, rubbifh, or earth, fet up, or railed in or above the furface of the faid road, by which the paflage thereof (hall or may be obdru#ed, impeded, confined, or draitened, (other than and except pods, blocks, dones, or banks of earth, tijeed in the ground, or raifed for fecuring horfe or foot roads, or paflagesfor water, and alfo dire#ion-pofts and dones), fuch furveyor, or other peribn, (hall forfeit the fum of forty (hillings.

XXXVIII.	And whereas inconveuiencies have arifenfrom hedges, or other fences, and from ploughing or breaking up the foil of lands or grounds4 near the middle or centre of turnpike roads j for remedy

Digitized by

Google

1773-1 Anno derimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84.	283

mcdy thereof, be it further enaCted, That if any perfon (hall in- Pcrfons mak-croach, by making, or caufing to be made, any hedge, ditch, or ing incroach-other fence, on any turnpike road, within the diftance of thirty mc*?ts within feet from the middle or centre thereof; or (hall plough, harrow, centrVof the or break up the foil of any land or ground; or in ploughing or road, or harrowing the adjacent lands, (hall turn his or their plough or ploughing harrow in or upon any land or ground within the diftance of within 15 fifteen feet from the middle or centre of any turnpike road, made forfeit or to be made; every perfon fo offending, (hall forfeit, for every * fuch offence, forty (hillings, to fuch perfon as (hall make information of the fame: and it (hall be lawful for the truftees who Trufteesmay have the care of any fuch road, or any five or more of them, to caufe the fame caufe fuch hedge, ditch, or fence, to be taken down or filled up,t0 be removed at the expence of the perfon or perfons to whom the fame (hall ofthe offend* belong ; and it (hall and may be lawful for any one or more ju- er. dice or jufticesof the peace of the limit where fuch offence (hall be committed, upon proof thereof to him or them made upon oath, to levy as well the expences of taking down fuch hedges as aforefaid, as the feveral and refpeCtive penalties hereby im-pofed, by diftrefs and fale of the offenders goods and chattels, rendering the overplus to the owner on demand.

XXXlX.	And whereas in fome places it hath been and may be Perfoot de. found necejfary, and the truftees of all turnpike roads are hereby au~ J*r°ylng or tborifed and required, to fecure, or caufe to be fecund', horfe caufeways, ^iie^onfs and foot caufeways, to travel upon, in puhlick highways, by poft:, or ports. Ire. blocks, or great Jlones fixed in the ground, or by banks of earth caft up, fet up to fe-or otherwife,from being broken up and fpoiled with waggons, wains, cure carts, or carriages; and forafmuch as feveral evil-difpofed perfons do o{ c~ or may wilfully or wantonly pull up, cut down, and remove or damage bridges, &c. the [aid pofts, blocks, and great Jlones, fo fixed, or to be fixed, as aforefaid, and drive carriages upon fuch hanks and caufeways, or againfl the fides thereof, and alfo dig or cut down the faid banks, which are the fecterities and defence of the faid caufeways, whereby the caufeways or banks are often ruined and defroyed 5 and fuch evil-difpofed per-fons do or may break, damage, or throw down the Jlones, bricks, or wood, fixed upon the parapets or battlements of bridges, and do or may pull down, deftroy, obliterate, or deface, any mile-ft one or poft, graduated or direction poft or Jlone, ere fled or to be crofted, upon any turnpike road: for prevention thereof, be it enaCted, That every forfeits not perfon who (hall be guilty of any fuch offence, (hall, upon com- n^^eTs^nau plaint thereof made to any jufticeof the peace of the limit where lQi# the fame (hail be proved to be done, by the oath of any one credible witnefs, or upon view of the juftice himfelf, forfeit, for every of the faid offences, any fum not exceeding five pounds, nor lefs than ten lhillings; and in default of payment thereof,

(hull be committed to the houfc of correction of fuel) limit, there to be whipped and kept to hard labour, for any time not exceeding one calendar month, nor lefs than feven days, at the diferetton of fuch juftice, unlefs the fame be fooner paid.

XL. And whereas many bad accidents happen, and great mifchiefs are frequently done upon the ftreets and highways ? being turnpike roads,

2	4r

Digitized by

Google

284	-

Any driver not attending hi*carriage, pr wilfully mifbebaving,

forfeits, if not the owner of tbe carriage, not exceeding

SO 8* .

and if the owner, not exceeding a* •.

and may be apprehended without warrant*

Anno decimo tertio Gecrgii III. c.84.	[1773.

by thi negligence or wilful mifbebuviour of perforn driving carriages thereon * be it therefore ena&ed, That if the driver of any can, car, dray, or waggon, (hall ride upon any fuch carriage, in any ftreet or highway, not having fome other perfon on foot, or on horfeback, to guide the fame, (fuch carriages as are conduced by fome perfon holding the reins of the horfe or borfes drawing the fame excepted;) or if the driver of any carriage whatfoever, on any part of any ftreet or highway, (hall, by negligence or wilful mifbehaviour, caufe any hurt or damage to any perfon or carriage pafHng or being upon fuch ftreet or highway; or (hall quit the highway, and go on the other fide the hedge or fence incloftng the lame; or wilfully be at fuch diftance from fuch carriage, or in fitch a fituation, whilft it (hall be paffing upon fuch highway, that he cannot have the direltion and government of the horfes or cattle drawing the fame; or (hall, by negligence or wilful mi(behaviour, prevent, hinder, or interrupt the free paflage of any other carriage, or pf his Majefty’s fubjeds, on the (aid highways; or if tbe driver of any empty pr unloaded waggon, cart, or other carriage, (hall refqfe or pegje# to turn afide and make way for any coach, chariot, chaife,loaded wag* gon, cart, or other loaded carriage; or if any perfon lhall drive, or alt as the driver of, any fuch coach, poft chaife, or other carriage, let for hire, or waggon, wain, or cart, not having the owner’s name, as hereby required, painted thereon; or (hall re-fufe to difeover the true chriftian and furname of tbe owner qf fuch refpeltive carriage; every fuch driver fo offending in any of the cafes aforefaid, and being conv Sited of any fuch offence, either by his own confeffion, the view of a juftice of peace, or by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, before any juftice of the peace of the limit where fuch pffpnce (hall be committed, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit any fum not exceeding ten (hillings, in cafe fuch driver (hall not bp the owner of fuch carriage; and in cafe the offender be the owner of iiich carriage, then any fum not exceeding twenty (hillings; and in either of the faid cafes, (hall, in default of payment, be committed to the houfe of correltion fop any time not exceeding one month, unlefs fuch forfeiture (hall be fooner paid; and every fuch driver offending in either of the faid cafes, (hall and may, by authority of this alt, with or without any warrant, be apprehended by any perfon or perfons who (hall fee fuch offence comr mitted, and (hall be immediately conveyed or delivered to a con-ftable, or other peace officer, in order to be conveyed before fqme juftice of the peace, to be dealt with according to law; and if any fuch driver, in any of the cafes aforefaid, (hall refufe to difeover his name, it (hall and may be lawful for the juftice of the peace before whom he (hall betaken, or to whom any fuch complaint (hall be made, to commit him to the houfe of correltion tor any time not exceeding three months, or to proceed againft him for the penalty aforefaid, by a deferipton of his perfon and the offence, and expreffing, in his proceedings, that he refufed to {Jifeov^r his pame.

XLL ^

Digitized by

Google

1773-1 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 84.	28$

XLI. And, for the better convenience of travellers, where feveral The truftecs highways met, be it further enaded, That the truftees, appoint-cd to execute any ad of parliament made for the repair of any turnpike road, (hall direct the furveyor of every fuch turnpike put up> *jth road, where feveral highways meet, and there is no fufficient di- properinferip-re£kion-poft or ftone already fixed or ereded, forthwith to ered, tions thereon, or caufe to be ereded or fixed, in the moft convenient place JJ^rgCmteu where fuch ways meet, a ftone or poft, with an infeription there- * mtec* on, in large letters, containing the name of, and diftance from,	/

the next market town or towns, or other confiderable place or places to which the faid highways refpedively lead; and alfo at orwhere there the feveral approaches or entrances to fuch parts of any highways as are fubjed to deep or dangerous floods, graduated ftones or pofts, denoting the depth of water in the deepeft part of the fame, and likewife fuch diredion-poftsor ftones, as the faid truftees (hall judge to be neceffary, for the guiding of travellers in the beft and fcfeft trad through the faid floods or waters j and and alfo mile-alfo (hall order the faid furveyor toered mile-ftones or pofts up- ftonci* on (bch turnpike road, with proper inferiptions and figures thereon, denoting the names and diftanccs from the principal towns or places on each refpedivc road, and from time to time to repair fuch ftones and pofts, and keep and continue legible the inferiptions thereon refpedively; and the faid furveyor (hall be reimburfed the expences of providing, ereding, repairing and continuing the fame refpedively, out of the tolls and duties granted by fuch ads refpedively 5 and in cafe any furveyor (hall, by the fpace of three months after fuch diredion to him or them given, negled or refufe to caufe any fuch ftone or poft to be fixed or repaired, as aforefaid,every fuch offender (hall forfeit th» film of twenty (hillings.

XLII. And, to prevent the malicious dejlroying of any turnpike-gate or houfe, which hath been, or Jball hereafter be, ereSled, be it further enaded, That if any perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall, Spoto either by day or night, wilfully or malicioufly pull down, pluck turnpike? ° up, throw down, level, or otherwife deftroy any turnpike-gate or gates, houfes, turnpike-gates, or any poft or pofts, rail or rails, wall or walls, weighing en-or any chain, bar, or other fence or fences, belonging to any S*nc,» *c-turnpike-gate, or any other chain, bar, or fence, of any kind whatfoever, fet up or ereded, or hereafter to be fet up or ereded, to prevent paflengers from pafling by without paying any toll, laid, or direded to be paid, by any ad or ads of parliament made for that purpofe; or any houfe or houfes ereded, or to be ereded, for the ufe of any fuch turnpike gate or turnpike-gates; or any crane, machine, or engine, made or ereded, or to be made or ereded, on any turnpike road by authority of parliament, for weighing waggons, carts, or carriages; or (hall forcibly relcue any perfon or perfons, being lawfully in cuftody of any officer of other perfon, for any of the offences before mentioned5 that .f awj then, and in any of the faid cafes, every perfon fo offending, be- offender ing thereof lawfully convided, (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, to be tranf. and (hall be tranfported to one of his Majcftfty’a plantations ported;

abroad

Digitized by

Google

tS6	Anno dccimo tertio GeoRGII III. c.84.	[1773.

abroad for (even years, or (hall be committed to prifon for any time not exceeding three years, at the difcrction of the judge or court before whom foch offender (hall be tried; and any indictment for fuch offences (hall and may be enquired of9 examined, tried, and determined, in any adjacent county within that part of Great Britain called England, in fuch manner and form, as if the fa<5ts had been therein committed, and the inha- XUII. And be it further enafted. That the inhabitants of bitants of the every hundred, within that part of Great Britain called England* hundred (hall within which fuch offence or offences (hall be committed, by Son for'the^ Piling down or deftroyinz any fuch turnpike gate or gates, or damagrsdone, any fuch poft or pods, rail or rails, wall or walls, belonging to unlefe the of any turnpike gate or gates, or any fuch chain, bar, or fence, or ^ any houfe or houfes, fet up or eroded, or to be fet up or ere&ed, i» months af. x^c or k™0* °f collecting the tolls, or any crane, mater the offence chine, or engine, made or eroded on any turnpike road, by au-committed, thority of parliament, for weighing waggons, carts, or carriages, at any place appointed by the refpedive trustees, or any five or more of them, ading under any ad or ads of parliament, for amending any turnpike road, (hall make foil fitisfadion for the damages that (hall be thereby fuffered; and that tbe faid damages (hall and may be recovered by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record, by and in the name of the clerk of the peace of the county for the time being wherein fuch offence or offences (hall be committed, without naming the chriftian or furname of the clerk of the peace; and fgch adion (hall not be abated or discontinued by the death or retnoyal of any fuch clerk, but may be fued and profecuted by his fucceffors; and the faid damages, fo to be recovered, (hail be to the only ufe and behoof of the truftees of fuch turnpike road where the offence (hall have been committed, to be by them applied and difpofed of to the fcveral ufes and purpofes, and in fuch manner, as the fcveral tolls, rates, and duties, by virtue of fuch ad or ads of parliament, (hall be applied and dif-pofed of; ar\d all and every die inhabitants of fuch hundred (hall be rateably and proportionably taxed for and toward an equal contribution, for the relief of fuch inhabitant or inhabitants againft whom execution for fuch damages (hall be had and levied, which tax (ball be levied and raifed by fuch means, and in fuch * manner and form, as is preferibed and.mentioned for tbe levying and railing the damages recovered againft inhabitants of hundreds, in cafe of robberies, by any ad or ads of parliament: provided, that upon convidion of any fuch offender within twelve months after the offence committed, any hundred, or the inhabitants thereof, liable to make, and having made foch fa-tisfadion, (hall be repaid the Turns they have fo paid out of the tolls of the turnpike where fuch offence was committed.

XL1V. And whereat great mifclnefs have crifen from mean per-* fms afting as truftees in the execution of flub a&s of parliament, mode for repairing publick roads in that part of Great Britain called England, as do not direfl and require that the truftees thereby, appointed.

Jball

Digitized by v^,ooQle

177 3.3 Anno deciitio cerdo Georgii III. c. 84.	287

/hall be qualified to all as fucb by the pojfeffion of real or per final eftates

to a certain value; be it therefore enalted, That no perfon (hall Qualification

be qualified, or capable of ailing as a truftee in the execution of

any fuch ad as aforefaid, unlefs he (hall be in his own right, or aa*h*s

in the right of his wife, in the altual pofleffion or receipt of the not fixed it.

rents and profits of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of the

clear yearly value of forty pounds; or poflfefled of, or intitled to,

a perfonal eftate to the value of eight hundred pounds $ or (ball

be heir-apparent of a perfon pofleffed of an eftate in land of the

clear yearly value of eighty pounds; and unlefs he hath taken,

or fhall, (not being fuch heir apparent as aforefaid), before he

alts as fuch truftee, take and fubferibe the oath following before

any two or more of the truftees appointed, or to be appointed,

by or in purfuance of fuch alt, who are hereby authorised and

impowered to adminifter the fame in the words, or td the effelt

following; that is to (ay.

I A. B. do fwear9 That I truly and bona fide am, in my own rights or in the right of my wife, in the aftual pojfeffion and enjoyment, or receipt of the rents and profits of lands, tenementor hereditaments, of the clear yearly value of forty pounds; or pojfejfed of or intitled to9 a perfonal eftate to the value of eight hundred pounds, (as the cafe may be).

So help me GOD.

Oath of tru» llecs.

And if any perfon (hall prefume to alt, contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, every fuch perfon (hail, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds to any perfon who (hah fue for the fame; to be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record, by altion of debt, or on the cafe, or by bill, fuit, or information, wherein no effoin, proteltion, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed; and fuch perfon fo fued or profecuted (hall prove that he is qualified as above, or otherwise (hall pay the (aid fum of fifty pounds, without any other proof or evidence on the part of the plaintiff or profecutor than that fuch perfon hath ailed as a truftee in execution of any fuch alt.

XLV. And be it further enalled, ^at all clerks, treafurers, furveyors, and other officers, appointed, or to be appointed, by any alt or alts made for the repair of any turnpike roads, and their refpcHive executors or adminiftrators, (hall, within ten days after notice in writing to them refpeltively given by the truftees of fuch roads, or any five or more of them, at a meeting held purfuant to fuch alt, produce and deliver up to fuch tru-ftecs all books, accounts, papers, or writings whatsoever, relative to the execution of fuch refpellive offices, which (hall be in their cuftody or power; and every fuch officer or perfon as aforefaid, negldting or refufing to produce and deliver up fuch books, accounts, papers, or writings, after fuch notice as aforefaid, (hall, for every fuch neglell or refufal refpeltively, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.

XLVI. And

Truftees acting without taking the oath forfeit 50I.

Clerks, trea-furers, See. to deliver up (heir accounts

when required by the tru-ftees, or (hall forfeit sol. for every negle&J

Digitized by

Google

288	Anno	dedmo tcrtio Georgii III. c. 84.	[1773.

Mo perfoi*	XLVI. And it is hereby further ena&ed, That no perfon or

keeping a perfons who (hall keep any vi&uallirtg-houfe, ale-houfe, or other publick houfe houfe of publick entertainment, or who (hall fell any wine, cy-** h l?1	keer* ale* fpirituous or other ftrong liquors, by retail, (hall

pUcVoi profit* y* capable of aCting as a truftee, or of taking, holding, or cn-P * joying any place or places of truft or profit under the truftees of any alt or parliament made, or to be made, for ereCting turnpikes re/pc&ively, Or of collecting the foils thereby granted and made payable, during fuch time as he (hall keep fuch victualling-houfe, ale-houfe, or other houfe of publick entertainment, or (hall fell any wine, beer, cyder, ale, fpirituous or other ftrong liquors, bat be may by retail; but no Juch perfon (hall be precluded from farming farm the tolls, fuch tolls, provided he employs at perfon to collect them who (hall not be Under any fuch incapacity.

XL VII. And whereas the truftees of feveral turnpike roads arc not fufficiently imfiowered to punijb nuijances in the feveral roads un-Truftees may der their care\ be it therefore further enaCted, That the faid chrea profe- truftees 0f the feveral roads refpe&ively, or any five or more of nuifances^and thcm» at a publick meeting, may, and they are hereby impowef-pay the ex- cd, if they think fit, to direct profecutions by indictment againft peaces out of the offender or offenders for any nuifance done, committed, or the turnpike continued, in or upon any of the turnpike roads under their care revenues. refpeCtively, at the expence of the revenues belonging to fuch turnpike roads, to be allowed by fuch truftees, or any five or more of them, at fome fubfequent meeting: provided, that nothing inthisaCt (hall be conftrued to impower the truftees to profecute, or caufe to be profecuted, any perfon for any fuch offence, unlefs upon the confellion of the offender, or that one or more witnefs or witneffes can be had and produced to prove the commiflion of fuch offence.

XLVIIL And whereas fraudulent contrivances way be praftifed by offenders, their friends, and other s% to evade the jujl recovery of forfeitures and penalties inflifled by laws relating to turnpike roads, by felting up colourable profecutions with intent to favour offenders againft the faid lawsy and to difeourage juft and real profecutions ; for reme-Infoi mations dy thereof, be it enaCted, That it (hall and may be lawful for all for penalties, ancj cvcry juftice and juftices of the peace, before whom there favour theof-	any	information or proceeding for any penalty or for-

finder, are feiture inflicted by this or any adt or aCts of parliament made foj deemed frau- repairing and amending turnpike roads, and they are hereby re-cfulent and quired, where any information or conviction (hall be fet up or void.	infilled upon, by way of defence, or to defeat any information or

proceeding, or any forfeiture or penalty inflicted as aforefaid, to examine into the real merits of fuch information, proceeding,or conviction; and if thereupon it (hall appear that the fame was not done, made, or profecuted effectually, to recover and apply the penalty or forfeiture for the true and real ends and purpofes for which fuch penalties or forfeitures were enaCted, but to fa-4 vnur the offender, fuch information or conviction (hall be deemed to be fraudulent, and null and void to all intents, and purpofes whatfoever $ and every fuch juftice or juftices of the peace

(haU

Digitized by

1773*] Anno dedmo tertlo Georgii III. c. 84.	289

(hail proceed to determine and convidt, as if nd information or convidtion had been made, profecuted, or obtained,

XLIX. And be it further enadted, That where a fufficient If afufficiene number of the truftees appointed by any adt or adts of parliament, number of made for amending or repairing anv particular turnpike roads, l^a^atth^ (hall not meet on the day appointee by any fuch adt or adts re- firft, or any (jpedtively for their firft meeting, or (hall not mett on the day ap- adjourned pointed by adjournment for their meeting, or for want of a pro- meeting, the per adjournment, by which means, or by fome or one of them, thVday^nd the intent of the faid adt or adts may be fruftrated; in all or ei- give proper ther of the faid cafes, it (hall be lawful for fo many of the faid notice thereof* truftees as (hall meet, or the major part of them, or in cafe no fuch truftee (hall be prefent, for their clerk or clerks, to caufo notice in writing to be affixed on all turnpike gates which (hall be then etedted on the faid refpedtive roads, or if no turnpike gate (hall be then eredted, to caufe the like notice to be affixed in the mod confpicuous place in one of the principal towns or places neared to which the roads diredted to be repaired do lie, and alfo in fome public news-paper circulated in that country, at lead ten days before the intended meeting, appointing fuch fuch trudees to meet at fuch place where the preceding meeting was appointed to have been held, or at the place diredted for the firft meeting of fuch truftees* if no fuch preceding meeting (hall have been held ; and the faid truftees, when met, in purfuance of fuch notice, (hall and may, and they are hereby required, to proceed and carry fuch adt or adts into execution, in the fame and as ample, and full a manner, to all intents and purpofes, as they might or could have done if no fuch negledt had happened.

L. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enadted. That no No meeting meeting of fuch truftees (hall at any time be adjourned for any to be adjourn-longer time than three calendar months from the day on which ^*nthrc * fuch adjournment (hall be made; and that no bufinefs (hall be months.™ • done or proceeded upon by the truftees, at any meeting to be held under this or any adt or adts of parliament made for re- bedontntxfor« pairing any turnpike roads, before the hour of ten in the fore- ten> nor any noon, and that no adjournment (hall be made to any hour later adjournment. than two in the afternoon of the day on which fuch meeting made to an (hall be appointed to be held; and that every adt agreed uPon^an two^n at any meeting (hall be figned at the faid meeting by a competent t^c afternoon, number of truftees, or otherwife every fuch meeting, adjournment, and act refpedtively, (hall be void and of none effedt.

LI. And be it enadted, That if the truftees appointed* or to If truftees be appointed, to put any adt of parliament made for the repair of caufc to

any turnpike road into execution, (hall abufe or exceed their be

' ,r	n	?	01	*	.	contrary to

power, by erecting, or caufing to be eredted, or continuing, or th€ir

caufmg to be continued, any gate or gates, turnpike or turn- the juitices at

pikes, where they have not any power by virtue of any adt of their quarts

parliament to eredt fuch a gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes, teflipn* may

it (hall and may be lawful to and for the juft ices of the peace of ^ amoved.* °

the limit where any fuch gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes, is

or (hall be eredted, or continued, in their general quarter feffions

Vol. XXX.	V	afiem-

Digitized by

Google

ago

Mortgagee*, in potkfkonof tbe tolls, are te account upon oath wuen required. b.y the truftees, or forfeit io I.

If mortgagee

keeps poflef-fion after he hns received the money due, he (hall forfeit double the fum and treble cods.

On the death of a gatekeeper, two t/ultces may

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C.84. [1773.

affembled upon complaint of fuch abufe or excefs of power in fuch truftees, in a fummary way to hear and determine the fame, and thereupon to order the (heriff of the county, who is hereby authorifed and required to execute fuch order, to remove any fuch gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes.

LII. And be it enadted, That all and every mortgagee and mortgagees, that hath or have taken, or been in poiraion, or fhall hereafter take, or be in pofleflion of, any toll gate or bar, fet up or eredted on any turnpike road, or of any lands or tenements, the rents and profits whereof are appropriated to the repairs of any part of any turnpike road, (hail, within fourteen days after he, (he, or they, (hall have received notice, in writing, from the truftees of fuch turnpike roads, or any five of them, render upon oath, to be adminiftered and takdn by and before bne juftice of the peace, or any one truftee of fuch turnpike road, an exadt account, in writing, to fuch truftees, or to any perfon appointed by them, or any five of them, to be named in fuch notice, of all monies received by fuch mortgagee or mortgagees, ©r by any other perfon or perfons, for his, her, or their ufe and benefit, or by his, her, or their authority, at fuch toll gate or bar, or otherwife, and of what he, (he, or they, have expended in keeping or repairing the fame: and in cafe, he, (he, or they, (hall negledt to render fuch account when required, in the man-tier herein dlredted, he, (he, or they, (hall (Severally forfeit and pay to .the faid truftees, for every refufal, negledt, or omiflion, to fender fuch account, the fum of ten pounds; to be recovered by the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, or by the trea-furer or clerk to the faid truftees, in a fummary manner, before one juftice of the peace, which, when recovered, (hall be applied to the ufe of the refpedtive road or roads whereon fuefi toll gate or bar (hall be placed.

LIII. And be it further cnadted. That if any fuch mortgagee Or mortgagees (hall keep pofieftion of any toll gate or bar, by him, her, or themfelves, or by any other perfon or perfons, on his, her, or their behalf, and receive the tolls or duties thereat, or of any fuch rents or profits, as aforefaid, after fuch mortgagee or mortgagees (hall have received the full fum or fums of money due on their refpedtive mortgage or mortgages, and the intereft thereof, with cofts, fuch mortgagee or mortgagees (hall forfeit and pay, as a penalty to the faid truftees, double the fum or fums of money, he, (he, or they, (hall have received over and above the fum or fums of money due, as aforefaid, with treble cofts of fuir; to be recovered by the faid truftees, or by the treafurer or clerk to fuch truftees, by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record; which when recovered, (hall be applied to the ufe of the refpedtive road or roads on which fuch toll gate or bar (hall be placed, or fuch rent* appropriated.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enadted, That it (hall and may be lawful for any two or more truftees of any turnpike road, upon the death of any toll-gatherer, or gate*

keeper.

Digitized by

Google

*773-] Anno decimo tertio Georgji III. c. 84;	291

keeper, appointed, or to be appointed, to colledt the tolls upon nominate an-fuch turnpike road, to nominate and appoint fome other fit nex^meetin^ perfon in his place until the next meeting of the truftees of fuch of thetruftew, road, which perfon, fo to be nominated and appointed, (hall have the like power and authority, and be accountable in the fame manner, in all refpe&s, as the perfon fo dying had, or would have been, if living: and that if any toll-gatherer or gate-keeper, who (hall be difeharged from his office by the if the gate-truftees authorifed for that purpofe, (hall refufe to deliver up keeper, who it the pofieffion of the houfe, buildings, and appurtenances, which dttcharged* he enjoyed in right of his appointment to that office, within two days after notice of his difeharge (hall be given to him, or left feffiouoftbe at his houfe ; or if the wife or family of any fuch toll-gatherer boufe, &c. or gate-keeper, who (hall die, as aforefaid, (hail refufe to deK- the jufficet ver up the pofieffion of fuch houfe, buildings, and appurtenan-ces within four days after fuch new appointment (hall be made, him to be re-as aforefaid; then, and in either of the faid cafes, it (hall and moved, with may be lawful for any juftice of the peace for the limit where hi* goods. , fuch turn pike-houfe (hall be, by warrant under his hand and feal, to order the confiable, or other peace officer, with fuch affiftance as (hall be neceflary, to enter fuch houfe and premifes in the day-time, and to remove the perfons who (hall be found therein, together with their goods, out of fuch houfe, and to put the new-appointed officer into the pofieffion thereof.

LV. And be it further enafted, That the gate-keeper or toll- Gate-keepers gatherer of every fuch toll-gate or bar, and every furveyor of and furveyors any turnpike road, (hall, when required, by notice, in writing, to account from the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, render up- required on oath, to be adminiftered by and taken before any one juftice by tSetru- * of the peace, or truftee of fuch turnpike road, a true and exa£t (lees, or for-account, in writing, to the faid truftees, or to any perfon to be feit $1. named in fuch notice appointed by them, or any five or more of them, of all monies received by him, her, or them, at fuch toll-gate or bar, or otherwife, on account of fuch turnpike road, not before accounted for, under the penalty of five pounds for every fuch offence or negle&; to be recovered in a fummary manner before any one juftice of the peace, and applied to the ufe of the refpedtive road on which fuch toll-gate (hall be placed.

LVI. And be it further enadled, That no gate-keeper of any No gate-keep-turnpike road, or perfon renting the tolls thereof, and reiiding er to be rein any toll-houfe belonging to the faid truft, (hall be remove- moved as a stole from fuch toll-houfe by the order of any juftices of the peace, in purfuance of any laws now in being for the relief or chargeable to regulation of the poor, unlefs he (hall become a&ually charge- thepaiifh.&c. able to the parish or place in which fuch toll-houfe is fituate; and that no fuch gate-keeper, or perfon renting fuch tolls, and nor redding in fuch toll-houfe, as aforefaid, (hall thereby gain a bvVem^ethe Settlement in any pariffi or place whatfoever; and that no toils nor be to be taken at any gate created, or to be ere&ed, by the truftees afleflVd for tfie •f any turnpike road, nor any toH-houfe cre&ed, of to be crcft- toll-houfe or

V	2 ed,*0^

Gate keeper* permitting a

freater num-er of horfes, or carriages conftru&ed

*92	Anno	dccimo	tertio	Georgii III. c. 84.	[	1773.

ed, for the purpofe of collecting the fame, nor any perfoo, in refpeCt of fuch tolls or toll-houfe, (hall be rated or aflefled towards the payment of any poors rate, or any other publick or parochial levy whatfoever.

LVII. And be it further enaded. That if any toll-gatherer or gate-keeper (hall permit or fuffer any waggon, wain, cart, or other carriage, to be drawn or pafs upon any turnpike road within the view, or with the knowledge, of fuch gate-keeper or toll-gatherer, or to pafs through any toll-gate or bar with any otherwife than greater number of horfes, or beads of draught, or with any car-allowed by the rjagC conftruCled or drawn in any other manner than is before out*proper in- directed, or without fuch names and deferiptions painted there-feriptions on as are hereby directed, and (hall not within the fpace of one painted there- week proceed for the recovery of the forfeiture or penalty here-on, and not- by inflicted for every fuch offence, in the manner directed or S5r the fame aut^orifcd by this aCt, he (hall forfeit and pay, for every fuch forfeit 401/ negleCt, the Turn of forty (hillings.'

LVIII. And whereas there are or may be turnpike roads in fuch aaUeffions**”a J}ate an^ "edition with regard to their repairs, and the revenues may transfer arifing upon them* that thefiatute~duty required to be performed upon

Sart of the	the famey or fame part thereof may be difpenfed withy and employed

aTC'h|Uty’ more conven*entbtb* benefit of the other publici highways within turnpikeC t0	Parift>% toumfhip^ or place,	in which fuch turnpike road lies; be

roads, to the it therefore enaCted, That it (hall and may be lawful for the ju-parifh roads, dices of the peace, at any fpecial fedions, upon application to if the circum- them made by the furveyor of any parifh, townftiip, or place, federal road/ *n the fituation herein-before deferibed, to fummon the clerk and furveyor of fuch turnpike road to appear before them, at fome other fpecial fedions, and then and there to produce before them a date of the revenues and debts belonging to fuch turnpike road, and for fuch judices then and there to enquire into the date and condition of the repairs thereof, and alio of fuch other highways; and if it (hall appear to them, upon full and dear evidence, that the whole, or any part of fuch ftatute-duty, may be conveniently difpenfed with (rom fuch turnpike road, without endangering the fecurities for the money advanced upon the credit of the tolls thereof, and that fuch ftatute-du-ty is wanted for the repairs of the other highways within fuch parifh, townfhip, or place; then, and in that cafe, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid judices to order the whole, or part, of fuch datute-duty to be performed upon the highways, not being turnpike, within fuch parifh, townfhip, or place, under the direction of the furveyor thereof, during fuch time as to them (hall feem jud and reafonable, and the fame (hall be performed accordingly ; ahy thing in this or any other ajft of parliament contained to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwith-danding.

^___ LIX. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That it

Wales, at their (hall and may be lawful for the judices of the peace, within the Michaelmas principality of Walesy at their refpe&ive general quarter, feffions tCintf al- thc Peace> to be held in th# week tfter Michaelmas, to licenfip * y	an

require and admit of it.

Judices \n

Digitized by

Google

1773-] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84.	293

an increafe of the number of horfes to be employed in drawing low an addi-carriages on any turnpike road within their refpedtive jurifdic- tional number tions, over and above the number herein-before limited, if up- °hcTthink fit! on enquiry into the (late and condition of fuch roads they fhall y find any additional number of horfes neceflary, and, from time to time, at any Michaelmas quarter fefiions, to revoke, alter, or vary the fame, as they fhall think fit ; and that neither the owner or driver of the horfes fo licenfed fhall incur any forfeiture for ufing fuch increafed number of horfes.

LX. And be it further enadted, That no toll fhall be collect- fo/canri-ed or received at any toll-gate, for or in refpedt of carriages agesemptoyed folely employed in carrying materials for the repair of any in carrying turnpike road or publick highway, or for going to fuch employ- material* tor ment, or returning after having been fo employed.	tUrhjP1hwa°adl

LXI. And whereas it has been found by experience, that /mailfiones °r ^ *ays# being permitted to lie upon the land are a benefit thereto, be it there - “|^cryor fore enadted,Thatno (urveyor fhall gather, or caufe to be gathered, ft0neg from any (tones for the ufe of the highways, upon or from the com- the common raon fields or inclofed lands or grounds of any perfon or per-	**}“

Tons whomfoever, without the confent'of the occupier of fuchofany perfon lands or grounds, or a licence from a juftice of peace of the li- without hi* mit where fuch lands or grounds lie for that purpofe, after hav- content, or a jng fummoned fuch occupier to come before him, and heard !i(*ncc fr°m a his reafons, if he (hall appear and give any, for refufmg his ot confent; any thing contained ir\ tfeis adt, or in any adl of parli- p ament, for making and repairing turnpike roads, to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithftanding.

LXII. And whereas many perfons are liable by tenure, inclofure, Po*cr for or otberwife, to the repair o f certain highways, which having become turnpike roads, are more ufed, and occafion an increafe of the expence road* to agree in repairing and maintaining thereof which ought in Jome degree to with perfons . be laid upon fuch turnpike road: for remedy whereof, be it further liable by te-ena&ed, That it fhall and may be lawful for the truftees of fuch ™rc ta<Jtr£Pair turnpike road to agree with the perfon or perfons liable to repair fuchnjad^ fuch highway, for the repair thereof, in fuch manner as they (hall concerning think fit, and to contribute fo much to the repair thereof, outlh? future re-of the tolls arifing upon fuch turnpike road, or out of the tute-duty belonging to the fame, as they (hall think juft and reafonable.

LXIII* And whereas parts of highways or turnpike roads, have Perfons liable been, or may be, diverted and turned by legal authority, to make the to repair old , fame nearer or more commodious to the publick \ and doubts have arifen, hlShv\a> 8 and may arife$ whether the inhabitants of any parijh, townfhip, ^ftop^up place, or any particular perfon or perfons, liable to repair the old high- fhaii be liable way or roadfo deviated from byfiatute-duty, tenure, or otberwife, ought to repair a to repair, or contribute to the repair of, the whole, or fome, and Part ot the what part or proportion of fuch new highway or road: for obviating ncw which doubts, and preventing dijputes about the fame, be it enadied, burthen*of * That the inhabitants of every fuch parilh, townfhip, or place, theo.d one j * and perfon or perfons, who was, were, or (hall be, liable as a-ferefaid, to the repair of any fuch old highway or road, which

v 3	hath

r

t9+	Anno decimo tcrrio Georgii III. c. 84^ C1773-

hath been, or (hall be, fo diverted and turned, (hall refpc&ive-ly be and continue in the fame manner liable to the repair of fuch new highway or road, or fo much thereof as (hall be equal to the burthen and expence of repairing fuch old highway or road from which he, (he, or they, (hall be exonerated, by turning the fame, as aforelaid 5 and that if the feveral parties inte-and if the refted cannot agree therein, the fame (hall be viewed by two parties cannot jufticcs 0f the peace of the limit where fuch road (hall be, and be vfe’wtd and felled, adjufted, and determined by thdm in fuch manner as fettled by two they (hall think juft and reafonable ; and from and after fuch juftices of the determination of the juftices, the inhabitants of the faid parilh, peace.	townfhip, or place, or the perfon or perfons liable to repair fuch

new highway or road, as aforefaid, (hall bear all charges and Agrofsor expences of indidfments and profecutions for not.repairing the annual fum fame: and if it (hall be found more convenient to fix a grofe may be paid, fum, or an annual fum, to be paid by any fuch inhabitants,

af ree thereto or Pcr^on or Per^ons> towards the repair of fuch new highway gr e ere o. of roacj^ inftcad of fixing the part or proportion of fuch new

highway or road, to be repaired by him, her, or them, the (aid juftices may, with the content of fuch perfon or perfons, and alfo of the inhabitants interefted therein, obtained at a veftry or publick meeting held for that purpofe, and alfo of the truftees at a publick meeting, if it be turnpike road, order and diredfc the fame accordingly ; which order (hall be, and for ever after continue, binding to all perfqp$, whomfoever.

If a&ion be brought a-gainft a tro-itee, evidence of his being appointed a truftee, and a&ing as fuch fufficient.

T rea Purer s and furveyor* who have not already ghen fecunty, (hall give bond with iurety to the truftees, (or the duly pay. ing and ap. plying the money in their bands.

T nftees on the 30m bept next, to put •n every toll-

LXIV. And be it further enabled, That in all cafes where any action (hall be brought by or againft any truftee or truftees of any turnpike road, evidence of fuch truftee or truftees having adted as fuch, together with the a£t of parliament by which he or they was or were appointed, or the order, or^a copy of the order, for his or their appointment or eledlion, in cafe he or they was or were appointed or elected by the truftees, (hall be fufficient proof of his or their being a truftee or truftees.

LXV. And be it further enadted, That every treafurer and furveyor of any turnpike road, who hath not already given proper fecurity to the truftees of fuch turnpike road, duly to pay and account for the money which hath come, or (hall come to his hands, as treafurer or furveyor, (hall, on or before the twenty-fifth day of December next, and every fucceedjng treafurer and furveyor (hall, within one month after his appointment, give a bond to the faid truftees, with a fufficient furety, in fuch penalty as the faid truftees, at any publick meeting, ihall diredt, conditioned for the duly paying and accounting for all fuch money which (hall be then in his hands, or which he (ball afterwards receive, as treafurer or furveyor, according to the diredHons of the feveral adfs of parliament refpedting fuch turnpike road ; which bond (hall be wrote upon paper without any (lamp thereupon.

LX VI. And be it further enadled. That upon the thirtieth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-three, the truftees of every turnpike road within that part of Great

Britain

Digitized by Google

*773-1 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. S4.	295

Britain called England, fliall, and are hereby required to put up a table or caufe to be put up, and afterwards to be continued upon an^aVo^of the every toll-gate within their refpeCiive diftriCls, a tabic of all the weights al-tolls payable at every fuch gate, diftinguilhing each toll, and lowed to each the different forts of carriages for which they are to be paid, carriage, vhere there fliall be any variation therein; and alfo a table of and ^etru. the weights allowed for each carriage, with the loading thereof (teefto cxa* in fummer and winter : and that the laid truftees (hall, and are mine, or caufe hereby required, from time to time, to examine and infpeCl, orto be examin-caufe to be examined, and infpe&ed, every weighing engine which (hall be ereCied upon their refpe&ive turnpike roads, in to fcc fh<*/are order to fee that the fame, with the weights belonging thereto, kept in good are kept in good condition to weigh the carriages and loading order, with accuracy.

LXVII. And be it further enaCted, That in all carriages. Two oxen to wherein oxen or neat cattle (hall be ufed, two oxen or neat cattle be confidercd fliall be conlidered as one horfe, for all the pirfpofes mention- a# °nc horfe. ed in this adt, or any particular turnpike adt, with refpect to tolls or other things.

LXVIII. And, for the better difcovery of offenders agdinft this The chritfian be it ena&ed, That the owner of every waggon, wain, or a»d fumame cart, and alfo of every coach, poft-chaife, or other carriage, let ofVverywSg-to hire, fliall paint, or caufe to be painted, upon fome confpi- g0n, See. and" cuous part of his waggon, wain, or cart, and upon the pannels alfo of every of the doors of all fuch coaches, poft-chaifes, or other carriages, c^ before the fame fliall be ufed upon any turnpike road, his or her chriftian and fumame, and the place of his or her abode, in upon a, large legible letters, and continue the fame thereupon, fo long and common as fuch waggon, cart, coach, poft-chaife, or other carriage, ftagc waggo", fliall be ufed upon any fuch turnpike road ; and the owner of or cart, where every common ftage waggon or cart, employed in travelling they travel ftages from town to town, (hall, over and above his pr her chriftian and fumame, paint, or caufe to be painted, on the 1 wn 0 °*n# part, and in the manner aforefaid, the following words, COM- Perfons ufing MON STAGE WAGGON, (or CART, as the cafe may carriage* be); and every perfon ufing any fuch carriage, as aforefaid, ^jth®uta^h upon any turnpike road, without the names and deferiptions defcHpttone, paipted thereon refpe&ively, as aforefaid, or who fliall paint, or or with falfo caufe to be painted, any falfe or fictitious name, or place of a- ones, forfeit bode, on fuch waggon, wain, cart, coach, poft-chaife, or other exceeding carriage, fliall forfeit, for every fuch offence, a fum not exceed- thaiTio*/ ing five pounds, nor lefs than twenty (hillings.

LXIX. And be it further enaCted, That from and after the After Micha-twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and elmas 1776, feventy-fix, the tire of the weeels of all waggons, wains, carts,lhc tire of ail and carriages, to be ufed upon any turnpike road, (hall be coun-	flat,0'

terfunk in placing the lame upon the fellies, in fuch manner that and the nail's the nails fliall not rife above the furface, and that the lole or funk fo as not Airfare of the wheels (hall be quite flat; and the owner of eve- r»fe abovc ,ry carriage offending therein (nail forfeit the fum of forty fhil- thc *urtacc‘ lings ; and every driver not being theowner, the fum of twenty (hillings, for every offence.

u 4	LXX.	And

Digitized by

Google

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c.84. [1773.

When the LXX. And whereas the powers given by feveral turnpike aCfs are powers for ineffectual for the purposes of digging* providing* and carrying nut-JerUlVenl^g-ttria^^ for the ufe of the turnpike roads therein defcribcd* and alfo $ng and twin-jor the purpofes of enlarging* diverting* and turning fuch turnpike fog turnpike roads* and flopping up* felling* and difpoftng of the old roads fo to ke roach, making diverted and turned* and alfo for the making* opening, and cleaning fng* hedges0 °f itches and drains* and the cutting and pruning of hedges and trees ; ^nd tree*.	alfo for the calling forth and compelling the performance of the

calling forth Jiatute-duty which Jball belong to fuch turnpike roads: and whereas more the ftatute- ample powers* under proper guards and reflriftions* have been given* ine^dlual or maX ^ given* for the feveral purpofes aforefaid* by certain claufcs*

* w,	9	proviftons* and regulations* contained* or to be contained* in the ad

jnoreample or	°f Par^ament made* or to be made* for the amendment and

powers for prefervation of the highways in general* (which highways comprehend rhefe purpofes and include turnpike roads) ; and it may be more beneficial to the turn-

roa^s' an^ t0	Pfblick* if the purveyors of turnpike roads were

*	^ *g way fiuthorifed* within their ref pc Clive limits* to apply part of the tolls

and Jiatute-duty in carrying the faid powers into execution* for the ufe the Purveyor and improvement of fuch turnpike roads; be it therefore ena&ed, of turnpike That the Purveyors of every turnpike road, within that part of road*, witii Great Britain called England* (hall and may, with the approbate n*c^t he t,on tru^ees °f cvery foch turnpike road, apply any part truftees, may of the tolls and ftatute-duty arifing to, from, or in refped of execute and every fuch turnpike road, in the execution of all and every the enforce thefe fajd powers, claufes, proviftons, and regulations, which are, or and^orThe1 ^ contained in the faid a# or ads of parliament, for the benefit of the amendment and prefervation of the highways, and (hall and may turnpike » execute and enforce the fame upon and to the benefit and itn-roads,	provement of fuch turnpike roads refpedively, for the feveral

upon the purpofes aforefaid, as fully and amply, but upon fuch terms, tCr7)8’ a')d under fuch reftridions, and in fuch manner and form, to all in-ftriftions 111" lenls anc^ purpofes, as the Purveyor of any parifh, townfhip, or the highway place, can or may do, or apply the fame, by virtue of, or un-ad <	der fuch ad or ads of parliament.

.	LXXI.	Provided	ncverthclefs,	and	be	it further enadted,

bon (haU be" That when any materials (hall be dug or got by the furveyor of made by the any turnpike road, in the feveral or inclofed lands or grounds truftees ot the of any perfon or perfons, for the ufe of any turnpike road, by turnpike or under the authority of this ad, or of the faid ad or ads, for fuch$materials t^e amendment and prefervation of the highways, fatisfadion as aiegotin (hall be made by the truftees of fuch turnpike road to the owner federal or in- or occupier of fuch lands or grounds, for the materials fo to be elofed lands Jug or got, and alfo for the damages in carrying away the fame, or grounds. jn fuch manner as fatisfadion is or (hall be required to be made for the damages occafioned by the digging, getting, and carrying away the materials in feveral or inclofed lands or grounds, by virtue of the faid ad or ads for the amendment and prefervation of the highways.

Tb- forms of LXXII. And be it further enafted. That the forms of pro-proctediugs ceedings relative to the feveral matters contained in this ad, contained in which are fet forth and pxprefled in the fchedule hereunto an-

nexed.

Digitized by LjOOQle

*773*1 Anno dcclmo tertio Georgii III. c. 84.	297

ncxcd, (hall be ufed upon all occafions, with fuch additions or variations only as may be neceflary to adapt them to the parti- ^ cular exigences of the cafe ; and that no objection (hall be made, or ^vantage or advantage taken, for want of form in any fuch proceedings, fhall be taken by any perfon or perfons whomfoever.	#	jor want of

LXXIII. Andy to enforce further a due ohferuance of this	be ^rnJ*

it enabled. That every conftable, headborough, or tithingman, ^^rTand refufing or ncglefting to put this aft into execution, or to ac- all perfons count for and deliver any forfeiture or penalty, according to the employed with directions of this aft, and every furveyor of any turnpike road, friaries, re-and every toll gatherer, and all other perfons employed, or to ^ cutefbe employed, by truftees appointed, or to be appointed, for the re- ^d wilfully pairing roads, as do or (hall receive falaries or rewards, who (hall neglefting to wilfully negleft, for the fpace of one week after the offence com- profecute of-mitted, to lay luch information upon oath before one or more ^twwkafter of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the limit wherein fuch the olRnce offence was committed, as by this act is directed, (hall, upon committed* due information made upon oath before one of his Majefty’s forfeit 101. juftices of the peace for the faid limit, forfeit, for every fuch negleft, the fum of ten pounds,

LXXIV. Provided always, and be it further. enafted, That Conviflion no conviction (hall be had or made by virtue of this aft, unlefs upon what upon confeflion of the party accufed, or upon the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes; and that any inhabitant ** m* C* of any parifh, townlhip, or place, in which any offence (hall be i^b^Sres committed contrary to this aCt, (hall be deemed a competent notwitftfbmd-witnefs, notwithftanding his or her being an inhabitant of fuch ing they live parilh, townrtlip, or place; and that any juftice of the peace in the place may aft in the execution of this aft, notwithftanding he may be a creditor, or a truftee for repairing and amending the roads committed, on which any offence contrary to this aft (hall be committed. Juftices may LXXV. And be it further enafted, That in cafe any perfon although^ or perfons (hall refift, or make forcible oppofition againft any torsortrui^s! perfon or perfons employed in the due execution of this aft, or Perft>na rcfift any particular aft made for amending any particular highway; jngtheexecu-or (hall affault any collector or colleftors of the tolls in the ex- tion of theaft, ecution of his or their office or offices ; or (hall pafs through or aflaulting any turnpike gate or gates, rail or rails, chain or chains, or colleftorv other fence or fences, fet up, or to be fet up, by authority of parliament, without paying the toll appointed to be paid at fuch gate or other fence ; or (hall hinder, or attempt to prevent or obiiruft any fuch perfon or perfons in the meafuring or gauging the wheels of any carriage, or make any refeue of cattle or other goods, diftrained by virtue of this aft; or if any conftable, headborough, or tithingman, (hall refufe or negleft to execute and confta-any warrant granted by any juftice or juftices of the peace, pur- difobey^ fuant to the directions of this aft; every fuch perfon offending therein, and being convifted thereof, in manner afbrefaid, (hall, j^ace^forfcitl for every fuch offence, forfeit any fum not exceeding ten pounds, not exceeding nqr lefs than forty (hillings, at the diferetion of the juftice or 101. nor left juftices of the peace before whom he or (he (hall be fo convift-than +08*

6

Digitized by

Google

tp8	Anno	dedmo	tertio	Georgii	III. c/ 84*	[1773,

cd ; to be paid to the furveyor of the turnpike roads where the offence was committed, and laid out in the repairs thereof: aod| in cafe he or (he do not forthwith pay, or fecure to be paid, the faid forfeiture, after fuch conviction, then it (hall and may be lawful for fuch juftice or juftices of the peace to commit fuck perfon or perfons to the common gaol, or houfe of corre&ion, of the county, divifion, or place, where fuch offence (hall be committed, there to remain for any time not exceeding three months, unlefs the faid forfeiture (hall be fooner paid. Penalties and LXXVI. And be it further enacted. That all penalties and forfeitures to forfeitures by this adt impofed, for any offence againft the woveredby ^amc> an<*	co^s anc* charges to be allowed and ordered by

diftrefs and V the authority of this adt, (the manner of levying and recovering (ale:	of which is not hereby otberwife particularly diredted), (halite

levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of the offender* or perfon liable or ordered to pay the feme refpe&ively, by warrant under the hand and feal of fome juftice of the pmee for the limit where fuch offence, negledt, or default, (hall happen, and fuch order for payment of foch cofts or charges (hall be made, rendering the overplus of fuch diftrefs and file, if any, to the party or parties, after deducing the charges of making the ferae; which warrants fuch juftice is hereby im-powered and required to grant, upon convidtion of the offender, by confeftion, or upon the oath of one or more credible witnds or witneffes, or upon order made, as aforefaid ; and the penal-How to be	tie8 a°d forfeitures, cofts and charges, when fo levied, (hall be

applied^	paid, the one half to the informer, and the other half to the

furveyor of the turnpike road where fuch offence, ncgleft, or default, (hall happen, to be employed towards Jthe repair thereof, unlefs otherwife diredted by this adt: and in cafe fuch di* If no diftrefs, ftrefs cannot be found, and fuch penalties and forfeitures, or the faid cofts or charges, (hall not be forthwith paid, it foil m * and may be lawful for (uch juftice, and he is hereby authorifed and required, by warrant under his hand and feal, to commit fuch offender or offenders, or perfon or perfons, liable to pay the fame refpedtively, to the common gaol, or houfe of correction, of the limit where the offence (hall be committed, or fuch order, as aforefaid, (hall be made, for any time, not exceeding three months, unlefs the faid penalty, forfeiture, cofts, or If the often- c^ar8es> *hall refpedtively be (boner paid: and if fuch offender der lives out or offenders, or perfon or perfons, liable, or ordered to pay the of jurifdi&ion the fame refpeflively, (hall live out of the jurifiMion of the of the juftice, juftice or juftices, nereby authorifed to grant fuch warrant, it wherehe^ive* an<* may I* ^awful *or any juftice of the peace of the limit raay^proceS, wherein fuch perfon (hall inhabit, and every fuch juftice is having a copy hereby required, upon requeft to him for that purpofe made, of the eonvic- and upon a true copy of the convidion whereby fuch forfeiture bon duly or pCnaity was incurred, or of the order for t^e payment of fiich prove . cofts or charges, produced and proved by a credible wunefs upon oath, by warrant, under his hand and feal, to caufe the penalty or forfeiture mentioned in fuch convi&ion, or the cofts or t -	charges

Digitized by ^.ooQie

1773-1 Anno decimo tertio GeorGH III. c.84.	299

charges mentioned in fuch order, to be levied by diftrefs and Pale of the goods and chattels of fuch offender or offenders, or perfon or perfons, liable, or ordered to pay the fame refpedtive-ly, as aforefaid ; and if no fufticient diftrefs can be had, to commit fuch offender or offenders, or perfon or perfons, liable as aforefaid, to the common gaol, or houfe of correction, of fuch limit, for the time, and in manner aforefaid.	N .

LXXVIL Provided neverthelefs. That no warrant of diftrefs, of diftrefs to unlefs otherwife directed by this aCt, (hall be iflued for levying be iflued till any penalty or forfeiture, cofts or charges, until fix days after days after the offender (hall have been convicted, and an order made and Ji(J5nconvic" ferved upon him or her for payment thereof.	vnMtnm

LXXVIII. Provided alfo, and be it enafled, That whatever revered, 00 penalty or forfeiture (hall be levied or recovered on the informa- the evidence tion of the furveyor of any turnpike road, or of any toll-gather- °f tbc far-er, or other perfon employed by the truftees appointed for re- 2r^.ther pairing the roads, and receiving falaries or rewards for their pi0yed by the ferviccs, and not otherwife directed by this ad, (hall go and be truftees with applied to the amending of the faid turnpike roads refpeCtively, Jalwricii (hall and to no other ufe or purpofe whatever; any thing in this or any other aCt to the contrary notwithftanding.	roads.

LXXIX. And be it enacted, That every profecutor or in- profeattors former may, at his election, fue for, and recover any forfeiture may recover or penalty impofed by this or any other aCt or aCts of parlia- forfeitures ment made for ere&ing turnpikes or for repairing and amending J>«l°w4o$-on-turnpike roads, in the manner hereafter mentioned5 that is to tmn^forea* fay ; if the fame (hall not amount to the fum of forty (hillings^ juftice, but it (hall be recoverable only by information before a juftice of above 40 s. by the peace; and if the fame (hall amount to forty (hillings, or upwards, it (hall and may be recovered either by information, ^ as aforefaid, or by adion of debt, in any of his Majefty’s courts &c.7 of record, in which it (hall be fufticient to declare that the defendant is indebted to the plaintiff in the fum of being forfeited by an aCt, pafied in the thirteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft to expLin^ amend, and reduce into one aft of parliament * the general laws now in beings for regulating the turnpike roads in that part of Great Britain called England, and for other purpofes 5 and the plaintiff, if he re- Tc? days cover in any fuch aCtion, (hall have full cofts: provided that S^^fo?© there (hall not be more than one recovery for the fame offence; aftion and that ten days notice in writing be given to the party offend- brought, and ing previous to the commencement of fuch aCtion ; and thatt0 be the fame be brought and commenced within one calendar month	month

after the offence for which fuch a&ion is brought (hall have after offence been committed.	committed.

LXXX. And be it further enabled. That where any diftrefs Diftrefs not (hall be made for any fum or fums of money, to be levied by unlawful, udr virtue of this adt, the diftrefs itfelf (hall not be deemed unlaw-	a

fid, nor the party or parties making the fame be deemed a tref- {^pafl-er, for pafler or trefpafters, on account of any default or want of form want of form, in any proceedings relating thereto; nor (hall the party or par- or irregularities ty in the pro-

Digitized by

Google

ceedings; but the party aggrieved may recover fatif-fa&ion for the fpecial damages. Plaintiff not to recover for any irregularity in the proceedings, if tender of amends be made before the action brought. Defendant may pay money into court.

Perfons aggrieved may appeal.

upon giving fix days notice after the caufe of complaint (hall arife;

and entering into recognisance to try the appeal, and pay the colts.

Juftices, to whom no.ice of appeal (hall be given, are to return all the proceedings to the quarter fefiions. Juftices at quarter lef-nons are to hear and determine the complaints, and award cods.

No proceedings to be removed by Certiorari,

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 84- C * 773-ties diftraining be deemed a trpfpafler or trefpaflers ah initio„ on account of any irregularity which (hall be afterwards done by the party or parties diftraining; but the perfon or perfons aggrieved by fuch irregularity may recover full fatisfadion for the fpecial damage in an a&ion on the cafe.

LXXXI. Provided always, That no plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall recover in any adion for any fuch irregularity, trefpafs, or wrongful proceedings, if tender of fufficient amends (hall be made by or on the behalf of the party or parties who (hall have committed, or caufed to be committed, any fuch irregularity, or wrongful proceedings, before fuch adion brought; and in cafe no fuch tender (hall have been made, it (hall and may be lawful For the defendant in any fuch adion, by leave of the court where fuch adion (hall depend, at any time before iffue joined, to pay into court fuch fum of money as he or they (hall fee fit; whereupon fuch proceedings, or orders, and judgements, (hall be had, made, and given, in and by fuch court, as in other adions, where the defendant is allowed to pay money into court.

LXXXII. Provided alfo, and be it further enaded. That if any perfon (hall think himfelf or herfelf aggrieved by any thing done by any juftice or juftices of the peace in purfuance of this ad, except under the particular circumftances hereafter mentioned, and for which no particular method of relief hath been already appointed, fuch perfon may appeal to the juftices of the peace, at any general quarter feffions of the peace to be held for the limit wherein the caufe of fuch complaint (hall arife ; fuch appellant firft giving, or caufing to be given, to fuch juftice, by whofe ad or ads fuch perfon (hall think himfelf or herfelf aggrieved, notice in writing of his or her intention to bring fuch appeal, and of the matter thereof, within fix days after the caufe of fuch complaint arofe, and within four days after fuch notice, entering into recognizance before fome juftice of the peace, with one fufficient furety, conditioned to try fuch appeal at, and abide the order of, and pay fuch cofts as (hall be awarded by the juftices at fuch quarter feffions 5 and each and every juftice of the peace, having received notice of fuch appeal, as aforefaid, (hall return all proceedings whatever had before them refpedively, touching the matter of fuch appeal, to the faid juftices at their general quarter feffions aforefaid, on pain of forfeiting five pounds for every fuch neeled; and the faid juftioes, at fuch feffion, upon due proof of fuch notice being given as aforefaid, and of the entering into fuch recognizance, (hall hear, and finally determine the caufes and matters of fuch appeal in a fummary way, and award fuch cofts to the parties appealing, or appealed againft, as they the faid juftices (hall think proper, to be levied and recovered as herein-before direded ; and the determination of fuch quarter feffions (hall be final and concJu-five to all intents and purpofes $ and no proceeding to be had or taken in purfuance of this ad (hall be quaftied or vacated for. want of form, or removed by Certiorari, or any other

Digitized by v^.ooQle

17 73•] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84.'	301

writ or procefs whatsoever, into any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVeJlminJler, any law or ftatutc to the contrary not-withftanding.	No appeal to

LXXXIlf. Provided, That no fuch appeal (hall be made be.m*do a" againft any conviction for any penalty or forfeiture incurred by f^ona 1 by virtue of this act, unlefs the perfon convicted (hall, at the left the*party time of fuch conviction, if he rtiaH be then prefent, if not, give notice within fix days after, give, or caufe to be given, notice of his or thereof at her intention to appeal, and at the fame time enter into rccog- conviSion nizance, or give fecurity, with fufficient furcties, to pay fuch if prefent, * penalty or forfeiture,-in cafe^fuch conviction (hall be affirmed jf not, with-upon fuch appeal ; and upon his or her giving fuch fecurity, da3£ the further proceedings for fuch penalty or forfeiture (hall be tcr^ntow*11* fufjpended until fuch appeal (hall be beard and determined. cognizance as L.XXXIV. And be it enacted. That where any oath is here- above, by required and directed to be made or taken, the juftices of the Juftices and peace of any limit, or the truftees of any turnpike road, (as the truftec* have may be,) and according to the feveral jurifdictions herein SnfftCr0ad--given to them refpectively, as aforefaid, (hall, and they are here- oaths, by refpectively impowered to adminifter the fame.	T- .

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any action or “ ^nced fuit (hall be commenced againft any perfon or perfbns, for any for any thing thing done or acted in purfuance of this ad; then, and in every done under fuch cafe, fuch action or fuit (hall be commenced or profecuted	lt

within three calendar months after the fact committed, and not brought with-afterwards; and thejarae, and every fuch adion or fuit, (hall in 3 months be brought in the county where the perfon againft whom fuch after the of-adion or fuit (hall be commenced doth ordinarily inhabit orfcPce com* refide, or where the fact was committed, and not elfewhere; JJe wunty and the defendant or defendants, in every fuch action or fuit; where the7 (hall and may plead the general iffue, and give this ad, and defendant the fpecial matter, in evidence, at any trial to be had there-* upon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this ad : and if the fame (hall appear to have beenmay plead fo done, or if any fuch action or fuit (hall be brought after the the general time limited for bringing the fame, or be brought and laid in^uc*and any other county than as aforementioned, then the jury l^all (bccial * find for the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff or matter, in plaintiffs (hall become nonfuit, or difeontinue his, her, or their evidence, action, after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared ;plaintiff or if upon demurrer judgement (hall be given againft the plaintiff ^^thcr11 or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall and may recover manner, the treble cofts, and have the like remedy for recovery thereof, as jury are to any defendant or defendants hath or have in any cafes by law. find for the LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That from and afterandteTsVo the twenty-eighth day of September, one thoufand feven bund- have treble red and fevenry-three, an ad, parted in the feventh year of his cofts. prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, Atlanta explain^ amende and The ftatute reduce into cue aft of parliament, the general laws nova in being for of 7 Geo. 3. regulating the turnpike roads of this kingdom, and for other purpofes rcPcaled* therein mentioned^ (except fo much thereof as repeals the feveral .	'	ads

Digitized by Google

jo*	Antto	decimo	tertio	GeorGII	III.	c.	84.	[1773.

This aft i» afts therein mentioned',) (hall be, and the fame is hereby re-*° c?®m^?ce pealed j and that this aft (hall commence and take effeft on tbe davotSept. twenty-ninth day of	September,one thoufand feven hundred and

t7jy	fcventy-three.

THE

SCHEDULE

REFERRED TO,

Containing the form of PROCEEDINGS.

N°. L

Order of truftees for ere&ing a weighing engine;

At a meeting of tbe trufiees of the turnpike roads, under an aft, faffed in tbe thirteenth year of tbe reign bis majejly King George tbe Third for [ftate the principal part of the title of the ad] held at	tbe	day

of	17

IN purfuance of the powers given to us by an aft, parted in the thirteenth year of the reign of his majefty King Geer^t the Third, for regulating tbe turnpike roads, we do hereby order, That an engine, proper for the weighing of carriages, of the conftrudions and weights fpecified in the faid ad, be forthwith ereded at or as near as conveniently may be to the toll-gate or bar now ereded upon the faid turnpike road at and that A. B. the (Treafurer,) Clerk,) or Surveyor,) of the faid turnpike road do contrad with fome proper perfon (or with C. D.) (in cafe the trufiees Jhall think fit to name the perfon,) for the making and ereding fuch engine, and do infped and take care that the fame is properly done: and we do order the gatekeeper at the faid gate or bar for the time being to attend tbe faid weighing engine, and carefully to weigh all carriages parting, loaded upon the faid road, at the place where fuch engine (hall be ereded, together with the loading thereof, and to take the feveral additional tolls or rates for overweight, and give tickers of the weight of fuch carriages and loading, when required by the driver thereof, according to the diredions of the faid ad; and alfo to enter in a feparate book, to be kept by him for that purpofe, an account of every carriage fo weighed, which (hall, with the loading, exceed the weights allowed by the

Digitized by v^,ooQle

773*1 Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C. 84;	303

ud aft, and account to us for the money received for all fuch overweight.

(To	btftgned by	five at kajl of the

N°. If.

rABLE of weights allowed in winter andfummerto carriages directed to be weighed* including the carriage and loading* by the ad of the thirteenth George the Third.

rjP O every waggon upon rollers, of the ] JL breadth of fixteen inches, - - - J	Sommer.  1 Tara. Cwt.  8 -		Winter. Term. Cwt*  7 —	
To every waggon with nine inch wheels,! rolling a furface of fixteen inches on each |	1 ,		6	
	[ 6	10		
fide, - - - - -	t			
To every waggon with nine inch Wheels,	6	—	5	10
To every cart with nine inch wheels,	3	—	2	is
To every waggon with fix inch wheels.	4	5	3	IS
To every waggon with fix inch wheels, roll- ]	I s	10		•
ing a furface of eleven inches, - - - J	r5	* w	J	
To every cart with fix inch wheels,	2	12	2	7
To every waggon with wheels of lefs breadth ]	12	10	0	
than fix inches, - - - J	\3		J	
To every cart with wheels of lefs breadth ] than fix inches, J	i«	10	X.	7

N°. III.

Agreement between truftees of different turnpike roads* tor ereding one weighing engine for the ufe of fuch roads.

At a meeting of the trujleei of the turnpike roads, under an faffed in the	year of the reign of King George

the	for	[ftate the«principal part of the title of

the aft,]	andalfo of the truftees of the turnpike	* under an

aft,pa(led in the year of the reign of King George the for (&c« as above) held at	the	day of 17

for the purpofe of agreeing upon and ordering a weighing engine, at the joint expence of the trujiees, fir the ufe of the	feveral

turnpike roads, pur/uant to the powers given by an aft, faffed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his majrfiy King George the Third, for regulating the turnpike roads.

I T appearing to us, that a weighing engine may be erefted at (deferibing the fpet where it can be mojl conveniently placed,) which will accommodate both the laid turnpike roads, according to the true intent and meaning of the faid aft; we do therefore order* faV. (as in the firm above mentioned) and

we

Digitized by

Google

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c* 84. [1773,

yve do hereby agree and order, That the expences of making and eredting the faid weighing engine, and the fum of

which we do hereby agree and order, (hall be paid to the toll-gatherer attending the faid toll-gate for the time being, weekly, for his extraordinary trouble in attending the faid weighing engine, (hall be advanced and paid by the treafurers of the faid feveral turnpike roads, in the (hares and proportions following; videlicet 9 That the treafurer of the

road (hall pay {One Half) {Two-thirds,) or, (Three-fourth,) parts thereof, (as the trujleesjballagree,) and the treafurer of the	road	(hall	pay

the remaining {One Half) {One-third,) or (One-fourib,) part thereof; and that the money to be received at the faid weighing engine, by forfeitures for overweight, (hall be paid to the faid relpedtive treafurers, in the like proportions, and applied by them for the ufe of the faid refpedtive turnpike roads.

N°. IV.

Complaint ta the court of quarter feffions of a turnpike road being damaged by exceflive weights, and that there is no weighing engine upon it.

To the juftices at the general quarter feffions of the peace for tbt (County) Riding] Divifion) of

WE, whofe names are fubferibed, being {Creditors or Truftecs) under an adf* pafled in the -	year

of the reign of King George the	for, fcfr. [State the

principal part of the title of the aft*] do hereby complain to the juftices, at the faid court, that a part of the faid turnpike road, Iving between	and	is	much

damaged by the carriage of exceflive Weights thereupon, and that the truftees of the (aid turnpike road have hitherto negled-ed to eredt, or order any weighing engine to be eredted, upon the faid road, purfuant to the powers given to them by the ad pafled in the thirteenth year of the reign of King George the Third, for regulating the turnpike roads; and we apprehend, that if a weighing engine was to be eredted upon the faid road, purfuant to the faid adt, at or near the toll-gate at (or known by the name of the	gate,)	it	would	con-

tribute greatly to the prefervation of the faid road.

Signed this	day	of	17

{If a jufticeof peace makes the compldint, the form will be os under;)

JHiddlefex.

I A. B. one of his Majefty’s juftices of peace for the faid county, do hereby complain, &c. (as above.)

v.

Digitized by ^.ooQle

1773.} Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84.

305

N°. V.

Notice of a meeting of truftees, for ordering a fide-gate to be ere&ed.

NOTICE is hereby given. That the truftees of the turnpike roads, under an aCt, pafled in the year of the reign of King Georgt the	for	[State

tbe material parts of the title of the ad] will meet at the houfe of at	on	the

day of	,	next,	at	the	hour	of	in	the

noon, in order to confult about erelting a toll-gate on the fide of the laid turnpike road, at or near a place called .	acrofs	a	certain	highway there, lead-

ing to

Dated the	day	of	17

A. B. clerk to the faid truftees.

N°. VI.

Order of the truftees for creating a fide-gate.

AT a meeting of tbe truftees of the turnpike roads, under an a£t, pafled in the	year	of	the reign

of King George the	for	[Here	fate	tbe	material

parts of tbe title of tbe a	being aflembled this

day ot	17 to enforce the directions of an. ad,

pafled in the thirteenth year of the reign of King George the Third, for regulating the turnpike roads fas far as the fame re-fpeCts the erecting of fide-gates,) in pursuance of publick notice given in writing upon all the toll-gates eredted on the faid road, and alfo in the	news-papers	circulated	in	this part

of the country, for twenty-one days now laft part; we do order, that a toll-gate (hall be ereCted on the fide of the faid turnpike road, at or near a place called	acrofs a

certain highway there, leading to	and that

the following toll be taken at the faid gate ; videlicet, [Here infer t tbe particular tolls to be taken at tbe faid fide-gate.]

This to be figned by nine truftees at leaft.

N°. VII.

Order of truftees for permitting carriages with fix inch wheels to be drawn by horfes in pairs.

AT a meeting of the truftees of the turnpike roads under an a<ft, pafled in the	year of the reign of

King Geojfge the	for,	fcfr.	[State	the	material part of

tbe title of the at7,] held at	on	the

Voi. XXX.	X	day

/

Anno decimo tertio GeorgIi III. C. 84.	[1773.

day of	one thoufand feven hundred

it was requeued by feveral perfons, that liberty (hould be given to draw carriages with fellies of the breadth of fix inches, by horfes in pairs ; and the date and condition of the faid turnpike road being taken into confideration, and it appearing to us, that the faid requeft may be granted without prejudice to the faid turnpike roads, we do hereby autborife all perfons who (hall uie carriages with fellies of the breadth of fix inches upon the faid turnpike road, to draw fuch carriages with horfes in pairs, if they (hall think fit, from and after the	day of

next, purfuant to the power given to us by an aCt, pafled in the thirteenth year of (he reign of his majefiy King Gtorge the Third,/^r regulating turnpike roads.

(This meeting mu(i confift of feven or more trudees.}

N°. VIII.

Notice for letting tolls.

NOTICE is hereby given. That the tolls arifing at the toll-gate, (or toll-gates^ if more than oneJ upon the turnpike road at	called	or	known	by the

name of the	gate,	will	be	let by. audtion,

to the beft bidder, at the houfe of	at

on the	day of

next, between the hours of	and	in

the manner directed by the a&, pafled in the thirteenth year of the reign of his majefty King George the Third, for regulating the turnpike roads; which tolls produced the lad year the fum of	above	the expences of col-

lecting them, and will be put up at that fum. Whoever happens to be the bed bidder, mud, at the fame time, give fecurity, with diffident fureties, to the fatisfaCtion of the trudees of the faid turnpike road for payment of the rent agreed for, and at fuch times as they (hall direCt.

A. 2f. clerk to the trudees of the faid turnpike road.

N*. IX.

Order of truflees for reducing the tolls.

At a meeting of the truflees of the turnpike roads, under an afl> poped in the	year	of	the	reign	of	King	George the

fory &c. [State the principal part of the title of the a<ft] held at	the	day

Cf	17

WHEREAS by the faid adt there wai no power (orn» tffeftual power) given (as the cafe may be) to the tfufttts to lefien the tolls authorifed to be taken by the faid a£t; we, 2	toboftj

Digitized by GoO£

*773-] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. C.84.

whofe names are fubfcribed, being feven or more of the truftees adting under the faid ad!, being now aflembled for reducing the tolls authorised to be tsken by and under the faid ad!, purfuant to publick notice given for that purpofe in the news-paper circulated in this part of the country, and alfo affixed upon all the turnpike-gates eredted upon the faid turnpike road for upwards of one calendar month now laft pad$ and having the confent of the feveral perfons intitled to five-fixth parts of the money now remaining due upon the credit of the faid tolls this day fignified and proved to us, do hereby order. That tbe tolls granted by the faid ad! lhall, from and after the

day of	one	thoufand	feven hundred

be leflened and reduced in the following manner j {Hire Jlate tbe feveral reductions propofed to be made.]

N\ X.

Order of two juftices for determining what repairs fhall be done to new roads by perfons who are difcharged from the repair of old roads.

Adiddlefex. T T TE, two °f h>s Majefty’s juftices of the peace • VV f°r	county, acting within the (Hundred) of	in	the	faid	county, having (at the requeft

of the parties interefted in the repair of part of the highway {or turnpike road) hereafter mentioned, who could not agree about the repair thereof,) viewed a certain part of the highway, [or turnpike road) defcribed in the plan hereunto annexed, of the length of	yards, which hath been fet out

and appropriated for a new highway (or turnpike road) between and	in	lieu	of	an	old highway,

(or turnpike road,) which hath been ordered to be flopped up* and having alfo viewed the ground where the faid old highway was fituated, and having fummoned the furveyor of the faid new highway, (or turnpike road,) and alfo A. B. (who was liable by tenure, &c.) If the old road lay in a different parijb, and was to be repaired by tbe inhabitants, leave out the words in italick, and infert (tbe furveyor of tbe (Parijb, & c.) of	where the faid

old road lay, who were liable) to the repair of the faid old high* way, (or turnpike toad,) to appear before us this day $ and having heard what has been alledged touching the repairs of the faid part of the faid highway, (or turnpike road,) and having fully confidered the fame, and all the circumftances of the cafe, we think it juft and reasonable, and do hereby order and (adjudge,) that the faid A. B. (or the inhabitants of the faid parijb, &c.) (hall, from time to time, repair, and keep in repair, the whole, (or a part of the faid highway) from *	to

containing	yards	in length at each end, whereof

we have caufed a poft, or ftone, to be placed, to afcertain the extent thereof.

Given under our hands and Teals, this of	17

Digitized by

day

&00£

*

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84. [1 773

(If it be agreed, by the confent if the parties, to pay a fum in grtjs, in lieu of fuch repairs, after the word (adjudge) infert (by and with the confent of the faid A. B. fignified by his (ubferib-ing his name to this order,) (or by the confent of the inhabitants of the faid (Parijb, &c.) of	fignified	in writ-

ing, at a veflry or other publick meeting, a copy whereof is hereunder written) that the faid A. B. (or the inhabitants, &c.) is (or are) liable to repair part of the faid new highway; and that if he (or they) (hall, on or before the	day of

next pay to the furveyors of the highways of the highways of the faid (Parijb, &c.) of	(if	it is not

turnpike road) and, if it be turnpike road, (to the treasurer of the faid turnpike road,) the fum of	he the faid A. B.

and his heirs, (or the faid inhabitants, and their fuccejfors) (hall be for ever acquitted and difeharged from the burden and obligation to repair the faid new highway, or any part hereof.

(If it be by the confent of parties agreed to pay an annual fum in lieu of fuch repairs, the form will be eafily varied, and adapted to that cafe.)

I do confent and agree to the above order.

A.B.

N°. XI.

Agreement of inhabitants, at a veftry, or publick meet-ing, to pay a gfofs fum, or annual payment, to be difeharged from the repair of a particular road.

WE, whofe names are fubferibed, being a majority of the inhabitants of the (Parijb, &c. of	afiembled,

this	day of	at a veftry, or publick meet-

ing, held purfuant to notice duly given, for the purpofes of confuting about an agreement to be made concerning the repair of part of a highway (or turnpike road) within the faid (Parifh, &c.) of	do	confent	and agree to pay the fum of

to be abfolutely exonerated and difeharged from all future repairs of the faid highway, (or turnpike road) (or if an annual payment be agreed upon,) to pay annually the fum of

N°. XII.

Agreement between the truftees of a turnpike road, and a perfon liable by tenure to repair fome part of it.

At a meeting of the trufees of the turnpike roads under an all, pajfed in the	year of the reign of King George

the	for	[State the principal part of the title of the

adlJ held at	the day of	17

WHE R E A S A. B. of	is	liable	by	tenure,	(fe.

(as the cafe Jhall be) to the repair of a certain highway

lead-

Digitized by v^ooQle

1773-] Anno decimo tertfo GeoRGII III, c. 84.

leading between	and	of	the length

of	yards,	or	thereabouts,	and	the	faid	highway

being now made turnpike road by virtue of the faid alt, will occafion a greater expence to make and keep the fame in proper repair than would have been neceflary if no fuch 3lt had been obtained ; and the faid A. B. attending this meeting in perfon, (or by C. D. his attorney or agent, authorifed to treat in his behalf) the faid truftees and the faid A. B. &c. in purfuance of a power given by an alt, parted in the thirteenth year of the reign of King George the Third, for regulating turnpike roads, have, in order to put and keep the faid road in proper condition and repair, come to the following agreement; videlicet, That the faid truftees (hall, on or before the	day	of

next, pay and allow the fum of out of the tolls arifmg upon the faid turnpike roads, towards putting the faid road into proper repair, to be laid out and expended by the furveyor of the faid turnpike road ; and that the faid y/. B. (hall advance and pay into the hands of the trea-furer of the faid turnpike road, on or before the day of	next,	the fum of	to be alfo

laid out and expended by the faid furveyof in the repair of the faid road ; and that from and after the twenty.ninth day of September next, the faid turnpike road (hall be kept in repair by the faid truftees out of the faid tolls, as aforefaid, fo long as the faid turnpike alt (hall continue, upon the faid A* B. paying into the hands of their treafurer the fum of	upon	the

twenty-fifth day of March, in every year, which the faid A. B. doth hereby for himfelf and his heirs agree to pay accordingly, fo long as the faid road (hall be fo repaired by the laid truftees, as aforefaid.

[Or if it Jball be agreed, that A. B. /ball keep the road in repair, upon having an annual allowance in money or jlatute* duty from the faid truftees let the agreement be varied, and adapted to the cafe.]

N°. XIII.

Order of juftices at a fpecial feflion, for proportioning the ftatute duty, where there are two or more turnpike roads in the fame place.

Middlefex. At a fpecial fefjions, held by juftices of the peace for the faid county, a&ing for the (Hundred) Riding) Divifion, (Ac.) of	at	within	the	faid	(Hundred,)

111c.) the	day of	ij

IT appearing to us, that part of the highway l^rng in the (Pari/b, &c.) of	was	made turnpike road by

an alt, palled in the	year	of	the	reign	of	King George

the	called	the	turnpike	road, and alfo

that part of another highway, lying in the fame (Parijh, &c.)

x 3	was

Digitized by

Google

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c.84.	[ 1773.

was made a turnpike road, by an a6V, pafled in the	year

of the reign of King George the	called	turn-

pike road; and that, &c. [State the others in the fame mannrr, if there ate more'tban two] and that by the faid feveral a<fts, more than three days ftatute-duty are required to be performed by the inhabitants of the faid (Parifb, &c.) upon all the faid turnpike roads ; and we having, purfuant to the directions of the a&9 pafled in the thirteenth year of the reign of King George the Third, for regulating the turnpike roads, duly fumraoned the fur-veyors of the faid feveral turnpike roads, and alfo the furveyor of the faid (Parifb, &c.) to appear before us this day ; and having had regard to the extent and condition of the feveral highways within the faid (Parifb, &c.) and to the tolls and revenues arifing from the faid turnpike roads, and having heard and con-iidered the whole cafe, we do order, that the inhabitants of the laid (Parifb, &c.) (hall perform (One) day’s ftatute-duty upon the faid road called the	turnpike	road, (One) other

day’s ftatute-duty upon the faid road called the	turn-

pike road, £$V. under the directions and infpeCtion of the fur-veyors of thofe refpeCtive turnpike roads, and the remainder of their ftatute-duty upon the other highways within the faid (Parifb, Sic.) under the direction and infpeCtion of the furveyor (or furveyors) thereof.

A. B.

a d.

[The proportion of the duty to be varied as the circnmfiames of the cafe fhall require.]

N°. XIV.

Order of juftices at a Tpecial feffions, to take part of the ftatute-duty from turnpike roads, for the benefit of cither highways in the faid parifli,

Middlefex. At a fpecial feffons, held by iuflices of the peace far the faid county, ailing in the (Hundred) of within the faid county, at	on the

day of	17

WHEREAS application and complaint upon oath has been made unto us by A. B. furveyor of the (Parifb, &c.) of	that	the	feveral	highways,	not	being turnpike,

within the faid (Parifb, &c.) are very extenfive, and in bad repair, and that a confiderable part of the ftatute-duty arifing within the faid (Parifb, Sic.) hath been called forth, and required to be applied in the repair of certain turnpike roads lying within the faid (Parifb, &c.) which are in good condition, and have a confiderable revenue for their fupport, arifing from the tolls collected thereupon : and we having duly fummoned C. D. the furveyor of the faid turnpike road, to appear before us, to

Digitized by v^ooQle

1773*] Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84?

fhcw caufc why,the fold ftatute-duty called forth and applied by him to the repair of the faid turnpike road, fhould not be with*-drawn therefrom, and applied to the repair of the other highways within the faid (Parijb, &c.); and upon hearing the laid C% D. and receiving an account of the revenues and debts of the faid turnpike road, and of the ftate and condition of the repair of the faid turnpike road and highway refpedtively ; and it appearing to us, upon full confideration had thereupon, that part of the ftatute-duty hitherto employed by the faid {Parijhy &c.) for the repair of the faid turnpike road, may be conveniently difpenfed without endangering the fecurities for the money adk vanced upon the credit of the tolls thereof; and that fuch ftatute-duty is wanted for the repairs of the other highways within the faid parifh; we, in purfuance of the power given to us, by the a£h paffed in the thirteenth year of the reign of King Georgg the Third, for regulating turnpike roads, do order. That from and after the twenty-ninth day of September next, there fhall be only (One) day's ftatute-duty performed by the inhabitants of the faid {Parph9 &c.) upon the faid turnpike road within the fame, and that the remainder of the ftatute-duty fhall be performed upon the other highways within the faid (Parijb, See.)

[If there ar( more turnpike roads than one? or the whole Jlatute-duty Jball be thought fit to be taken away* this form mujl be varied to fit thofe cafes; the fummons to the Purveyors will be very eafily formed from this order.]

N°. XV.

Licence by the truftees for drawing with an increafed number of horfes up a fteep hill.

Jt a meeting of the truftees of the turnpike roads, under an aft* pajfed in the	year of the reign of King George

tie	for	[State	the	principal part of the title of the

a A] held at	the	day	of	17

IT appearing to us, upon the oath of	being

a perfon experienced in levelling, that the rife of {part of) a certain hill, upon the faid turnpike road, lying in the parifh of called or known by the name of hill, between the poft marked {put on) and the poft marked (take off) being	yards	in length, is above foyr

inches in a yard, we do hereby allow to be drawn up the faid hill, between the pofts above mentioned, waggons, having the foies or bottom of the fellies of the wheels of the breadth erf nine inches, with	horfes	;	and carts having the like

wheels, with	horfes; and waggons having wheels of

the breadth of fix inches, with	horfes;	and carts

having the like wheels, with	horfes	;	and	waggons

having wheels of lefs breadth than fix inches, with

x 4	horfes	*

Digitized by

Google

312

Anno dccimo tcrtio Georgii III. c. 84.	[17	7

horfes; and carts having the like wheels, with horfcs.

[This form is calculated where any part of the hill between thofe pojls rifes above four inches in a yard, but if the whole rife between the pojls Jball be upon an average more than four inches in a yard, before the word (above) infert (upon an average) which will autkorife the jujlices to allow more toorfes than mentioned in the ail]

N*. XVI.

Certificate of the above order to the juftices of peace at their quarter feflions.

I A. B. clerk to the truftees, mentioned in the above order, do hereby certify to the juftices of the peace, for the (County) Riding) Divifion) of	at	their	general	quarter	feflions

of the peace, that the above is a true copy of the order made by the faid truftees, for the purpofes therein mentioned.

Dated this	day	of	17

A; B.

N°. XVII.

Agreement by fubfeription for advancing money to make and repair a turnpike road or highway.

WE whofe names are fubferibed, do agree to advance and pay the feveral Turns wrote by us, oppofite to our names, unto	to	be laid out and expended in the

making and repairing a certain highway leading from to	after	an	aft	of	parliament	(hall	be	obtained	for

making the fame turnpike road, upon having the tolls to be col* lefted upon fuch turnpike road afligned and made over to us, as a fecurity for the refpeftive futns fo to be advanced by us, together with intereft for the fame, after the rate of per centum per annum, which fums we do hereby feverally agree to pay by inftallments, in the following manner, videlicet, one fourth part thercbf on the	day	of	next,

one other fourth part, (&c. &c. &c.)

Dated this	day	of	17

N°. XVIII.

Warrant from a juftice of peace to enter the tolI-gate"houfe, and remove the perfons therein. •

Middlefex, To the (conftable) headborough) tythingraan) of

* in the faid county.

WHEREAS complaint bath been made unto mt A. B.

cfquire, one of his Majefty’s justices of the peace forthe faid county, upon the oath of	and	other

evi*

Digitized by

3*3

1773-] A11110 decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84.

evidence now produced to me, that C.D. who now inhabits the turnpike or toll-gate houfe at	upon	the turnpike road leading from	to

and was appointed to colled the tolls there, hath been duly tlif-charged by the truftees of the faid turnpike road from any further collecting or receiving the tolls anting at the faid gate, and hath refufed,' and ftill doth refufe, to quit the pofteffion of the faid houfe; and the faid C. D. having been fummoned to appear be* fore me this day, to (hew caufe why he (hould not be removed from the faid houfe, and having (hewn no fufficient caufe for that purpofe, I do hereby authorife and require you, with fuch aflift-ance as (hall be ncceflary, to enter into the faid toll-houfe or tumpike-houfe, and the buildings belonging thereto, in the daytime, and to remove the faid C. D. and all fuch perfons as (hall be found therein, together with his and their goods, out of fuch houfe and buildings, and to put E. F. the perfon lately appointed 4 by the truftees to collect fuch tolls, into the pofleffion thereof, for which this (hall be your fufficient warrant.

Given under my hand and feal this	day

of	17

N°. XIX.

Notice for contrads to be made, for getting and carrying

materials.

NOTICE is hereby given, that A. B. furveyor of the turnpike road, lying between	and

will, on the	day	of

next, at the hour of	in	the

noon, let the getting of	{tons)	of	gravel,

or _	{tons)	of	done,	to	be	got	at	a	pit	at

for the ufe of the faid turnpike road, and will alfo let the carriage of the faid gravel {or fione) from the faid pit to where the lame is to be ufed and employed upon the faid turnpike road; and all perfons defirous of entering into a contra# with the faid furveyor, either for getting or carrying the faid materials, are defired to attend at the time and place before men* tioned.

Dated this	day	of	17

'	A. 5.

N*. XX.

Bond from the furveyor,

WE A. B. furveyor of the turnpike roads, under an a#, palled in the	year	of	the	reign	of	King	George

the	for [/late the principal part of the title of the aft] and

C. Z}. of	are	bound to E. F. of	in	the	fum of

pounds, to be paid to the faid E, F. his executors,

ad-

Digitized by Google

2H.

Anno decimo tcrtio GeoROII III. c.84.	[ 1773.

adminiftrators, or afligns, for which payment we hereby bind ourfelves fevcrally, and each of our heirsj executors, and adeni*

niftrators.

Dated the	day	of	17

The condition of this bond is fuch, that if tkie faid A. B. bis executors, or adminiftrators, (hall duly and faithfully account for, apply, and pay all and every the (urn and fums of money, which hath come, or (hall come, to his hands as furveyor of the turnpike road aforefaid, according to the direction and true intent and meaning of the faid aft, and of the ftatute, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his maje(ty King George the Third* for regulating the turnpike reads, then this bond to be void, or elfe to remain in full force.

(The bond from the treafurer will be in the fame form).

N°. XXI.

Summons for any perfon or perfons to attend a juftice or

juftices.

Middlefex. To A. B. of

WHEREAS complaint and information hath been made upon oath before me C. D. one of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the faid county, &c.) by E. F. of that, &c. [hereftate the nature and circumjlances of the cafe, as far as it [ball be nece/fary to Jbew the offence, and to bring it within the authority of the jujiice; and, in doing that, follow the words of the a8 as near as may be ) Thefe are therefore to require you perfonally to appear before me, (or the juftices to be affembled at their [pedalftjfions, to be holden) at	in	the	faid (county, See.) on the

day of	next,	at the hour of

in the	noon,	to	anfwer	to the faid complaint and infor-

mation made by the faid E. F. who is likewife directed to be Jhen and there prefent, to make good the fame: herein fail not*

Given under my hand and feal, this day of	17

N°. XXII.

Information.

Middlefex. T) E it remembered, That on the

JD day of	17	A.B.	of

in the faid county, informeth, and maketh oath before me	'	one	of	his	Majefty’s

juftices of the peace for the faid county, that

of

Digitized by L^ooQle

3*5

1773*] Anno dccimo tertio Georoii III. c 84.

of	in the fa id county, [here defer ibe the offence par-

ticularly, and follow the words of the a£t as near as may be] contrary to the ftatute, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of King George the Third, for regulating the turnpike roads, which hath impofed a forfeiture of	for the (aid offence.

Taken and fworn the	day	7	A. B.

of	before	me	I

N°. XXIII.

Form of convi&ion.

Middlefex. TJ E it remembered, that on the

X) day of	in	the	year	of our Lord, 17

at	in the county aforefaid, A. B. came before

me C, D. efquire, one of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the faid county, and informed me, that E. F. of on the	day	of	now	Taft	pad, at'1

in the faid county, did [here fet forth the faft, in the manner deferred by theJlatute] whereupon the faid E. F. after being duly fummoned to anfwer the faid charge, appeared before me on the	day of	at

in the faid county; and having heard the charge contained in the faid information, declared, that he was not guilty of the faid offence; but the fame being fully proved, upon the oath of G.H. a credible witnefs, it manifeftly appears to me the faid juftice, that he the faid E. F. is guilty of the offence charged upon him in the faid information; it is therefore confidered and adjudged by me, the faid juftice, that he the faid E. F. be convi&ed, and I do hereby convict him of the offence aforefaid; and I do hereby declare and adjudge that he, the faid E. F. hath forfeited the fum of	of	lawful	money	of	Great Britain for the

offence aforefaid, to bediftributed as the law directs, according to the form of the ftatute in that cafe made and provided.

Given under my hand and feal, the	day	of

After the words ct being duly fummoned to anfwer to the faid This to be in-charge/* infert, (did not appear before me, purfuant to the faid fum- j*rted whcre mm-,) or, (did negleft and refufe to make any defence againf thex^^\^lffm feid charge; but the fame being fully proved%h c.) as before.	pear	upon the

fummons.

After the words “ contained in the faid information,” infert, Thlf t0 bc in-

(acknowledged, and voluntarily confeffed the fame to be true, and it ferted when

mniftflly appears to me, theJaid jujliee, &c.) as above.	the	party ac-

>	'	cufed	confedes

the charge.

No.

Digitized by

Google

Anno decimo tertio Georgh III. c. 84.	[1773.

N*. XXIV.

Warrant to diftrain for the forfeiture.

Middlefex. To the (conftable) headborough) or, tithingman)

•f

W'

H E R E A S A. B. of	in the faid county,

is this day convifled before me, C- D. efijuire, one of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace in and for the faid county, upon the oath of G. H\ a credible witnefs, for that the faid A. B. hath, [here fet forth the offence, deferibing it particularly in the words of the Jlatutey as near as may be], contrary to the ftatute in that cafe made and provided, by reafon whereof the faid A• B. hath forfeited the fum of	to	be diftributed as herein is mentioned, which

he hath refufed to pay: thefe are therefore, in his Majefty’s name, to command you to levy the faid fum of	by diftrefs of the

goods and chattels of him the faid A. B. and if within the (pace of four days next after fuch diftrefs by you taken, the faid him, together with the reafonable charges of taking and keeping the fame, (hall not be paid, that then you do fell the faid goods and chattels fo by you diftrained, and out of the money arifing by fuch fate, that you do pay one half of the faid fum of This to be	to	E.	F	of	who informed me

varied accord- 0f tjie offence, and the other half of the faid fum of

region of the	t0	7*	^	furveyor	°f	the turnpike road,

at\ in each	(deferibing it)y where the faid offence, [neglefl, or [default,) hap-

pened, to be employed towards the repair of the (aid road, re-turning the overplus, on demand to him the faid A. B. (the reafonable charges of taking, keeping, and felling the faid diftrefs, being ftrft deduced); and if fufficient diftrefs cannot be found of the goods and chattels of the faid A. B. whereon to levy the faid fum of	that	then	you	certify the fame to

me, together with this warrant.

particular cale,

Given under my hand and feal, the of	17

day

GD.

N°. XXV.

Return of the conftable to be made upon the warrant of diftrefs, where there are no effedls,

I A. B. conftable of the (parijb, &c.) of

in the county of	do	hereby	certify and make

oath, that, by virtue of this warrant, I have made diligent fearch for the goods of the within named and that I can And no fufficient goods whereon to levy the with-.	in

Digitized by

Google

3*7

1773*] Anno deeimo tertio Georoii III. c.84.

5	n fum of	as	witnefs my hand, the

day of	17

A.B.

Sworn before me the day and 7 year, &c.	C.	D. 3

N°. XXVI.

Commitment for want of diftrefs.

Nliddlefex. Ti the (conftable) of	in	the faid

county, fl/fd to the keeper of the common gaol (or, the houfe of correction) at	in	the	faid	county.

WHEREAS A.B. of	In	the faid

county, was, on the	day	of	con-

viCted before me, C. D. efq; one of his Majefty’s judices of the peace in and for the faid county, upon the oath of £. F. a credible witnefs, for that he, the (aid A. 5. [Here jet forth the offence,] contrary to the ftatute made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his majefty King George the Third, for regulating tha turnpike roads, by reafon whereof the faid A. B. hath forfeited the fum of	. And whereas, on the	day of

in the year aforefaid, I did iflue my warrant to the (iconftable) of	to levy the faid fum of	by

diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of him the faid A. B. and to diftribute the fame according to the directions of the /aid ftatute: and whereas it duly appears to me, upon the oath of the Jaid (conftable), that the faid (conftable) hath ufed his beft endeavours to levy the faid fum on the goods and chattels of the faid A. B. as aforefaid, but that no iufficient diftrefs can be had whereon to levy the fame, thefe are therefore to command you, the faid (conftable) of aforefaid, to apprehend the faid A. B. and him lately to convey to the common gaol, (or houfe of correction) at	in	the	laid county, and there deliver; him to

the keeper thereof, together with this precept $ and I do hereby alfo command you, the faid keeper, to receive and keep in your cuftody the (aid A. B. for the fpace of three months, un-lefs the faid fum (hall be fooner paid, purfuant to the faid conviction and warrant; and for fo doing this (hall be your fuffi-cient warrant.

Given under my hand and leal, the day of	in the year of our Lord 17.

N*. XXVII.

Notice of appeal to the quarter feUtons,1

A B. take notice, That I intend to appeal to the next gene-ral quarter feffions of the peace to be bolden for die

(county*

Digitized byCjOO^lC

3*8

Anno decimo tertio Georgii III. c. 85—89.	[ 177*.

(county, &c). of	againft an (order, conviftion9) or

other proceeding, (jj the cafe may be), [ particularly fpecifytng the purport of fucb order, &c. and aligning the grievance, and caufe cf complaint.

Dated the	day	of	17

C.D.

CAP. LXXXV

An aft for dividing and inclofmg the open arable fields meadowy pa* Jlures, and commons, or wajle grounds, in the townjbip of Gowd-all, in the parijb of Snaith, in tbe county of Y ork \ and for draining and preferving the fame.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An aft for improving and completing the navigation of that branch of the river Trent which runs by the (own of Newark upon Trent, from a place called The Upper Wear, in tbe parijb of Averham, in tbe county ^Nottingham, to a place cal'ed The Crankleys, in tbe parijb of South Mufkham, in the faid county.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An aft for enlarging the term and powers of an aft, made in tbe twen-ty-feventh year of the reign of his late Majefty, for repairing the rood from the toll-gate in the parijb ^Kettering, in the county of Northampton, Newport Pagnell, in tbe county of Bucks.

f C A P. LXXXVII I.

An aft to continue the term and alter the powers of an aft, made in the twenty-ftxtb year of tbe reign of bis late majefty King George tbe Second, for repairing and widening tbe roads leading from a place called Bafingftone, near the town of Bagthot, in the parijb of WindWham, in tbe county of Surrey, through Frimley and Farnham, in the fame county, and from thence through Bentley, Hollyborn, Alton, Chawton, Ropley, Bifhops Sutton, New Alresford, and Mattingley, otberwife Matterley Lane, to tbe city ^fWinchefter, in the county ^Southampton.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An oft to enlarge the powers of two afts, made in the twenty-fifth yent <f King George the Second, and fixth year of King George the Third for repairing the roadsfrom the north end of Malling-ftreet, near tbe town of Lewes, and other roads in the county of Sufiex; and for amending the road from the Broil-park Gate, to the wejl end of the turnpike road leading from the turnpike road on Hurft Green, through the parijbts of Etchingham and Burwafh, and from tbe faid Broil-park Gate to the town of Battell, in the faid county, jo far as relates to the road from the Broil-park Gate to the weft end of tbe turnpike road leading from the turnpike road on Hurft Green, through the parifbts Etchingham and Burwafh afarefaid.

CAP,

Digitized by LjOOQle

3l9

[773.J Anno dcdmo tertio GeoROii III. c.90—96.

CAP. XC. '

An aft for repairing and widening the road from Newark upon Trent, in the county of Nottingham, to join the turnpike road from Nottingham to Graritham, in the county ^Lincoln, near the Guide-poft on the Fofs road near Bingham, in the faid county ^Nottingham.

CAP. XCI.

An aft for enlarging the term and powers of an aft of parliament of the twenty -fevent b year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road from the city of Peterborough, through Oundle and Thrapfton, to Wellingborough, in the county 0/Northampton, andfor repairing and widening feveral other roads near or adjoining thereto.

CAP. XCII.

An aft for continuing the term and enlarging the powers of an aft, made in the twenty fecond year of bis late Majeflfs reign, for repairing and widening the roaa leading from The Well at the north-weft end of the loiun or village of Farnborough, in the county of Kent, to a place called River Hill, in the parijh of Seven Oakes, in the faid county.

CAP. XCIII.

An aft for making and continuing a navigable cut or canal from Mau-gan Porth, through the feveralparijhes of Maugan, Saint Co-lomb Major, Little Colan, and Saint Colomb Minor, to Lower Saint Colomb Porth, in the county ^Cornwall.

CAP. XCIV.

An aft for enlarging the terms and powers of two afts, of the tenth and twenty-firjft years of the reign of his late majejly King George the Second, for repairing the road from Hertford Bridge Hill to the town of Bafingftoke, and alfo tve road from Hertford Bridge Hill aforejaid to the town of Odiham, in the county ^Southampton.

CAP. XCV.

An aftfor enlarging the term and powers granted by an aft, pajfed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late Majefty, for repairing and widening the roads leading from the town 0/Kin ton, in the county of Hereford, through the Welfh Hall Lane, as far as the fame county extendi; and the feveral roads leading from Kington eforefaid to Brilley’s Mountain, to Eardifley, to Almley, to Eckley’s Green, to Eardiiland, to Staple Bar, and to Milton Houfe, in the faid county; and for amending the road from the turnpike road in the parijh of Eardifley to Willerfley turnpike gale, in the faid parijh.

C A P. XCVI.

An aft for enlarging the term and varying the powers granted by an aft, pajfed in the twenty fecond year of the reign of his late Majefty, for repairing and widening the feveral roads leading into the town of Rofs, in the county of Hereford.

CAP.

Digitized by Google



$20	Anno	dccimo tertio Georgii III. c.97—103. [1773.

CAP. XCVII.

An aft for enlarging the terms and powers of three afts9 pajfed in the third, Jeventeentb9 and thirtieth years of the reign of bis late ma-jejly King George the Second, for repairing the road leading from a gate called Shipfton toll-gate, at Bridgetown, in the parifis of Old Stratford, in the county of Warwick, through Aldercninfter and Shipfton upon Stower, to the top of Long Compton hill^ is the faid county ^Warwick; and aljo fir repairing the road leading from the fir (I mile-fl one jlanding on the faid Shipfton road, through a lane called Clifford Lane, and through Mickleton and Chipping Campden, to a place called Andover’s Ford, in the county of Gloucefter, as far as the fame relate to the faid firjl• mentioned road.

CAP. XCVIII.

An ahl for repairing the road from the Royal Oak, on Wrotham Heath, to the town of Wrotham, in the county of Kent, and from thence to Foots Cray ; and from the faid Royal Oak to the town of Maidftone, in the faid county.

CAP. XCIX.

An aft for enlarging the terms and powers of two ails of the twentieth and twenty fixth years of the reign of bis late Majejly, for repairing the high road leading from the city of Durham, in the county ^Durham, to Tyne Bridge, in the fail county.

C A P. C.

An aft to enlarge the term and powers of an aft, made in the fifth year of his prefent Majejly, for repairing and widening the road from Newcaftle under Line to Haflop, and from Middle-hills to the Macclesfield turnpike road near Buxton, and alfo the road branching out of the firjl mentioned road at Cobridge to Burflem, and to the Uttoxcter turnpike road at Shelton, in the county ^"Stafford, and for amending feveral other roads adjoining thereto.

CAP. CL

An aft for continuing the term, and enlarging the powers of an ad7, made in the feventeenth year of the reign of bis late majejly King George the Second, for repairing the road from CheriJi, through Calno, to Studley Bridge, and from Cherill, to the Three Mile ,	B arrough, at the top of Cherill Hill, in the county of Wilts.

CAP. CII.

An at7 for continuing the term, and enlarging the powers of an aft, pajfed in the eighth year of his prcjait Majejly s rei^ n, for repairing and widening the road from the way-pojl, in the parijb of • Har-dingfton, in the county of Northampton, to Old Stratford, in the faid county.

c a p. cm.

An aft for continuing and enlarging the terms and powers of two afts, made in the thirty-firjl year of his late Majejly, and ninth year of bis

prefent

1773*1 Anno declmo terdo Gsoroii III. c. 104^109.

prefent Majefly's reign, for repairing feveral roads in the counties of Montgomery, Merioneth, and Salop \ and for repairing fe-veral other roads therein mentioned.

CAP. CIV.

An ail to enlarge the powers of two afts, made in the eighth and eleventh years of the reign of his prefent Majejty, for making ami maintaining a navigable cut or canal, from the firth or river of Forth, at or mar the mouth of the river Carron, in the county of Stirling, to the firth or river of Clyde, at or near a place called Palmuir Burn root, in the county 0/Dumbarton, andalfo a collateral cut from the fame to the city of Glafgow \ andfor making a navigable cut or canal of communication from the port and habour of JBorrowftounnefs, to join the fatd canal, at or near a place where it will fall into the firth of Forth.

CAP. CV.

' An ail for amending, widening9 and keeping in repair, the roadfrom the Guide-poft at the weft end of the town of Hampton, over Sunbury Common, to the town of Staines, in the county of Mid-dlefex.

CAP. CVI.

fin ail for enlarging and altering the terms and powers of two feveral aits9 made in the thirteenth year of the reign of King George the Firjl, and in the fifteenth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing the roads leading from the town a/’Bromefgrove to the town of Dudley, in the county of Worccfter, and from the faid town of Bromfgrove to the town of Birmingham, in the county ^Warwick, fo far as the faid aits relate to toe repairing of the faid road, leading from the town of Bromefgrove to the town of Dudley.

CAP. CVII.

fin ail for enlarging and altering the term and powers of an off, made in the twenty ftxtb year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing the roads leading from the market-boufe in Stour* bridge, and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties ofWot-cefter, Stafford, Salop, anti Warwick, refpeftively.

CAP. CVIII.

fin ait for repairing and widening the read from the north turnpike ^ road near Scot Gate, otberwife Sco Gate, in the town of Stamford, in the county of Lincoln, to Oakham, in the county of Rutland, and from Oakham, through Burley, to a gate on the north fide of a certain clofe, in the faid lofdjhip of Burley, called Booth’s Clofe, adjoining to the open fields of Cottcfaiore, in the faid court-ty ^ Rutland.

CAP. CIX.

An a£t for more effectually amending feveral roads leading from the city of Exeter, and for rebuilding or repairing Exe Bridge, and making the avenues leading thereto more commodious j and for build-Y or.* XXX.	y	ing

Google

)igitized by '

321

Anno dccimo tcrtloGEORGil III. C.iio—114. [1773.

ing a bridge over the river Exe, at or near Counted Wear; end

for amending feveralother roads therein mentioned.

CAP. CX.

An	ail to enlarge the term and powers of an ail, faffed in the Jixth

year of bis prefent Majejly's	reignAn ad for repairing

and widening the road from the prefent turnpike road at Haverhill to Redcrofs, in the parifh of	in the county of

Cambridge.

CAP. CXI.

An ail for building a bridge	ovyr the river Towey, near Llandovery,

in the county of Carmarthen; andfor making the fords near the faid town fafe and commodious.

CAP. CXII.

An ail for more effelluaVy amending fever al roads leading from and near the borough of Truro, in the county of Cornwall, end for building a bridge over the	river,at a place called The Steppings^

in or near the faid borough.

CAP. CXIII.

An ail for building a bridge acrofs the river Severn, near Redftone, in the county of Worcefter, and for making proper avenues and reads to and from the	fame; and for makingfatisfailion to the pro-

prietors of a ferry acrofs the faid river, at Redftone aforefaid.

CAP. CXIV.

An ail for enlarging the term and powers of three ails, paffed in the frrjl, ninth, and	twenty-fecond years of the reign of his late majefy

King George the Second, for repairing and enlarging the road leading from the houfe called The Sign of the Bells, in the parifb of Saint Margaret, in Rochefter, to Maidftone, and other roads therein mentioned, in the county of Kent.

End of the SIXTH Seffton.

Digitized by Google

r

Digitized by v^ooQle

Digitized by v^ooQle

THE

f

Statute* at 2U*ae,

-Anno decimo quarto G e o r g 11 III. Regis.

Being the SEVENTH Seffion of the Thirteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

by

D A N B Y PI C K E R IN G, of Gray’s Inn, Efq}

y 01. XXX. Part II.

z

/

Digitized by

Digitized by

Google

THE

S TAT U TES at Large, &c. '

Alnnoregni GEORGII III. ,Mag-nee	Britannia^ Francieey &

decitno quarto.

AT the parliament begun and bolden at Weft-minfter, the tenth day of May, Anno Dorn. 1768. in the eighth year of the reign of our reign lord GEORGE the	by the grace of

God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued by federal prorogations to the thirteenth day of January, 1774; being the feventb fefjion of the thirteenth parliament of Great Britain.

C A P. I.	'

An aft for granting an aid to hit Majefty by a land tax to be railed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four. At tbnt Jbillings tn tit f**nd.

CAP. II.

An aft for continuing and granting to bit Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thoufsmd feven hundred and feventy-four.

cap. in.

An aft for puniihing Mutiny and Defertion: and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

CAP. IV.

An aft for the regulation of hit Majeftyvs marine forces while on (bore.

\

z 2

CAP.

Digitized by

Google



'3 z6

Preamble.

Aft 13 Geo. 3.

Wheat, meal, flour, bread, bifeuit, and ftarch, not exceeding *000 quarters in one year, from the port of London onty,

\

Anno dccimo quarto G£0RGII III. 0.5,	[1774*

C A P. V.

An aft to allow the exportation of corn, grain, and other articles, to bis Majefty's fugar colonies in America; amd to extend the proviftons of an aft made in the lajt feffion of parliament, (intituled, An aft to regulate the importation and exportation of corn,) allowing the epeportatian (f wheat, meal, flour, rye, barley, or malt, to the ijlands o/Guernfey and Jerfey, to bread, bifeuit and peafe; and to allow the exportation of all the faid articles to the ijland of Alderney.

Xly" HERE A S by an aft pa fed in the lafl fefflon of parliament, VV (intituled, An ato regulate the importation and exportation of corn,) it was {among/} other things,) tnafted. That whenever the price of middling Britifh wheat, at any port or place within (he kingdom of Great Britain, from whence the fame Jbould he intended to be exported, Jhould appear to be at or above the pxrice of forty four Jbiltings per quarter, fuch price being afeertaned tn manner in the faid aft before mentioned, no per fan or perfons whatfoever Jbould, direftly, or indireftly, export, tranfport, carry, or convey, or caufe or procure fo to be, out of or from any fuch port or place 5 or load or lay on board, or caufe or procure to be laden or laid on board, in any Jbip or other veffel or boat, in order to be exported or carried out of any fuch port or place, any wheat, wheat meal, or flour, or malt, breaa, bifeuit, or Jlarch, made of wheat; and whenever the price of middling Britifh rye, peafe, or beans, or of middling Britifh barley, beer, or bigg, or of middling Britifh oats, Jbould refpt&ively appear at fuch port or place to be at or above the feveral diflinft prices in the faid aft particularly mentioned, no perfon or perfons whatfcever fhould direftly or indireftly, export, tranfport, carry or convey, or caufe fo to be, or load or lay on board, in any Jbip or other vefl'el, or boat, in order to be exported or carried out of any fyeb port or place, any rye, peafe, or beans, ground or unground, or any bread or bifeuit made of rye, peafe, or bebns rejpeftively, or any barley, beer, or bigg refpeftively, or any oats or oatmeal, or malt, bread, or bifeuit, made of oats, under the feveral penalties and forfeitures in the faid aft particularly mentioned and infiifted: and whereas it is neceffary at all times to export corn, grain, peafe, beans, malt, flour, oatmeal, bread, bifeuit, and Jlarch, to his Majefiys fugar colonies in America, for the fuflenance and ufe of the inhabitants thereof; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enacted; and be it enacftqd by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflem-bled, and by the authority of the fame. That frond and after the palling of this a<5t, it (hall and may be lawful to (hip and export, from the port of London only, wheat and meal, flour, bread, bifeuit, and ftarch, made nf wheat, not exceeding in the whole two thoufand quarters in any dne year, to be computed

iq

Digitized by

Google

1774-} Annodecimo quarto Georgii III. C.5.

327

in the manner herein-after dire&ed j and from the faid port of and all Torn London, and all and every other port or place in Great Britain, of grain, from all and every other forts of corn and grain, peafe and beans, andplaceTin ground or unground, malt and oatmeal, to his Majefty’s fugar Great Britain* colonies in America, any thing in the faid adt to the contrary may be ex-notwithftanding, for the fuftenance and ufe of the inhabitants Por?f|* *° hit of the faid colonies; fo as the exporter, do before the (hippingAmcor laying on board the fame, declare the colony or colonies for rjcat ;n any which the faid commodities, or either of them, are refpedtively one year; defigned,"and become bound with other fufficient fecurity, in cxP°rtcr treble the value thereof, to the cotnmiffioners, or chief officer ^ppfnLhejc-or officers, of his Majefty’s cuftomi, belonging to the port or daring the place where the fame (hall be (hipped or put on board, (who colony to hath or have hereby power to take fuch fecurity in his Majefty’s which fuch name, and to his Majefty’s ufe,) that fuch commodities (hallarede^ne?* not be landed or fold in any ports whatfoever other than theand finf fuffif-faid colony or colonies for which the fame (hall be fo declared ; cient fecurity, and that a certificate, under the hand and feal of the colledtor,that rtic /aid comptroller, or other chief officer of the cuftoms, or if no fuch, b^anded^n of the naval officer, or fome of the principal officers of the port no other place where the fame (hall be landed, (hall within the fpace of eigh- than in the teen calendar months after the date of fuch bonds, (the danger faid colonies, of the feas excepted,) be returned to the officers who took the A certificate faid bonds, that the faid cbmmodities have been landed at the Id u^dV^the port or place for which the fame (hall be fo declared; and for hand^nd feal the taking of fuch fecurity, and for giving fuch certificates, or the officer (which the refpedtive officers aforefaid are hereby, on demand, of the cuftoms required to give,) no fee or reward (hall be demanded or re- at the P°r* . ceived : and if any officer (hall make any falfe certificate of any "it^, cigh- * fuch commodities being fo landed, fuch officers (hall forfeit the teen calendar fum of two hundred pounds, and lofe his employment, and be monthsi incapable of ferving his Majefty, his heirs or fucccflors^ in any "j* office relating to the cuftoms; and if any perfon (hall counter-feit, rale, or falfify any fuch certificate, or knowingly publifti making a falfe any fuch counterfeit, rafed, or falfe certificate, he (hall forfeit certificate, the fum of two hundred pounds, and fuch certificate (hall be an.d f°r void, and of no effedt ; which faid penalties for offences com- ^atf * cerU" mitted in Great Britain or Ireland, (hall be recovered in the Hqw * naj^eg fame courts, and in the Came manner, as the other penaltiesare ^5* inflidted by the faid recited adt are recoverable: and for offences covered.

committed in the colonies or plantations in America, (hall be recovered in the high court of admiralty, or in any chief court of civil or criminal jurifdidtion in fuch refpedtive colonies or

Elantations $ and (hall be divided into equal moieties between '	,	,

is Majefty and the informer: and the faid bond or bonds, if void, if no* not profecuted within three years, (hall be void; any thing in profccuted the faid recited adt to the contrary thereof in any-wife not- within three withftanding.	years.

II. Provided always, and be it cnadled by the authority When the ex-aforefaid, That when the exportation of the commodities, or any of them, (hall, by the faid adt, be permitted; then, and in04;ftjM

t~¥ ^	; n	'

Z3

in

Digitized by

A

be permitted by the (aid aft, no bond (hail be required. Provifo.

Nothing in aft 13 Geo. 3, to extend to prohibit any quantity of wheat, meal, flour, 8cc. from Southampton to Jerfey and Guernfey.

Inhabitants of Guernfey, Jerfey or Alderney, may (hip from thence to any BrjtUh plantation, where the filhery is carried on, wheat, meal, flour. Sec. necelTary for the fifliery in thofe parts.

urider the Limitation of aft 9 Geo. 3.

Anno dedmo quarto GeoRGH III. c. 5.	[1774*

in fuch cafe, no fuch bond (hall be required upon the exportation to the faid colonies of fuch of them as (hail be fo permitted.

III.	Provided alfo, and be it enafted, That when any bounty (hall be allowed upon the exportation of the faid commodities, or any of them, the fame bounty (hall be allowed upon the exportation thereof, to the faid colonies under the regulations, provifions, and reftriftions, in the faid aft mentioned.

IV.	And whereas by the faid recited aft, it was (amongf other things) provided, That nothing there in-before contained Jhould extend to prohibit the feveral articles therein-after exprejfed being exported out of and from the refpeflive ports in this kingdom therein after mentioned, to the feveral places therein after mentioned; that is to fay,(amongf others,) from the port of Southampton to the ijlands of Guernfey and Jerfey, any quantity of wheat, meal, fi^ur, rye, barley, or malt, not exceeding five thoufand quarters * and whereas it is neceffary that the faid provifion Jbould be extended to the ijland of Alderney, and bread, bifeuit, and peafe, are hkewife requifitc for the fujlenance and ufe of the inhabitants of thofe tfunds ; be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the patting of this aft, nothing in the faid recited aft contained (hall extend to prohibit the being exported from the port of Southampton, and from no other, to the ittands of Guernfey, Jerfey, and Alderney, or any or either of them, for the fuftenance and ufe of the inhabitants thereof, any quantity of wheat, meal, flour, rye, barley, malt, or of bread, bifeuit, or peafe, in the fame manner, and under the fame limitations and reftriftions, to all intents, conftruftions, and purpofes, as if the faid iiland of Alderney, and the faid articles of bread, bifeuit, and peafe, had been originally inferted in the faid recited aft*; anything therein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwith-ftandin*.

V. Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons inhabiting in the faid ittands of Guernfey, Jerfey, ox Alderney, to (hip and lade, at or in any or either of the faid ittands, and to tranfpr* direftly from thence to Newfoundland, or to any other of t\e Britijh colonies or plantations in America, where the fifhe.^ is now or (hall hereafter be carried on, on board any (hip or veflel which mny lawfully trade there, the whole or any part of the faid wheat, meal, flour, rye, barley, malt, bread, bifeuit, or peafe, fit and neceflary for the fifliery in thofe parts, or for the ufe and fupport of the mariners, or other perfons employed on board the veflHs, or on (hore, in carrying on the faid fifliery, there, in the fame manner, and under the fame Limitations and reftriftions, to aft intents, con-(Iruftions, and purpofes, as preferibed in and by an aft made in the ninth year pf the reign of his prefent Majefty, (intituled,

An aft to permit the inhabitants of Jerfey and Guernfey to export direftly from thence to Newfoundland, or the Briudvcolonies in America, goods neceffary for tbt fifbery, under certain rejlriflm.

Digitized by v^iOOQie

1774.] Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. C, 6—8.	329

<7/^/ to import from thence non-numerated goods, (except rum,) and to land the fame in the faid ijlands,) as if the fame were particularly repeated and re-enaded in the body of this prefent ad; any thing in either of the faid recited ads, or any other law or ftatute, to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithftandihg.

VI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, 4f°

That in carrying this ad into execution, four hundred weight avoirdupoife of meal, and three hundred weight avoirdupoife 3Qo ditto of of flour, bread, bifeuit, and (larch, made of wheat, (hall be flour, bread, computed, deemed, and taken as, and equal to, one quarter ^1^dbc

of wheat.	quarter.

VII And be it further enaaed by the authority aforefaid, Continaj(rioa That this act mail be in force during fuch time as the (aid 0f this ad. recited ad, pafled in the lad feflion of parliament, (hall have continuance.

CAP. VI.

An alt for further continuing two alts, made in the Jixth and ninth years of his Majefiy’s reign, for punijbing mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, in his Majejlf s dominions in America.

WHEREAS an alt, pajfed in the thirteenth year of in Preamble.

prefent Majefiy's reign, (intituled, An ad for further con- Ad 13 Geo. s* tinuing two ads, made in the fixth and ninth years of his Majefty’s reign, for punching mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, in his Ma-jefty’s dominions in America; which alt was to continue and be in force in all bis Majcfiy's dominions in America, from the twenty-fourth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and feventyfour, until the twenty-fourth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-five: and whereas it has been found necejfary that the faid alls, made in the fixth and ninth years of his Majejly's reign Jhould be continued for a further time\ may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaded 5 and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame,

That the faid ads (hall be, and the fame are hereby continued,

until the twenty-fourth day of March, one thoufand feven March *4,

hundred and feventy-fix.	1776.

C AvP. VII.

An ad for better paving, cleanfing, and lighting, the ftreets, lanes, and pubtick paflages, in the town of Cardiff; and liberties thereof, in the county of Glamorgan, and for removing and preventing nuifances and annoyances therein.

CAP. VIII.

An a& to explain and amend two ads, made in the tenth and twelfth ' years of his prefent MajeflyH reign, for paving, lighting, and watching, the town, of Plymouth, in the county of Devon j and for regulating the carmen and porters within the faid town.

z*

Digitized by

CAP.

33<>

Preamble. Adi 5 Geo. 3.

After 5 April, 1774-1 the duty ©t 11. los. per cwt. on Gum Senega to ceafe; and in lieu thereof 5 s. per cwt. over every other duty implied thereon, not repealed bv this a£t.

The duty to be coll*died and applied at by tne former aft.

Anno dccimo quarto GeoRGH III. c. 9,10.	[1774.

CAP. IX.

An aft to continue for a further time an aft, made in the eighth year of his prefent Majedy’s reign, intituled, An aft to continue and amend aa. all, made in the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled* An aft for importation of felted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time, and for allowing the importation of failed beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from the Britifh dominions in America, for a limited time.

Preamble. Aft 5 Geo. 3. Aft 8 Geo. 3. and afts 9, 10, lr, 1 x, ft 13 Geo. 3. Further continued till March 1/1775.

C A P. X.

An aft for reducing the duty payable upon the exportation of Gum Senega, granted by an aft9 made in the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majejlyy (intituled', An aft for laying certain dudes upon Gum Senega and Gum Arabic, imported into or exported from Great Britain, and for confining the exportation of Gum Senega from Africa to Great Britain only.)

WH E REAS by an aft9 made in the fifth year of the reign of his prefent MajeJIy, (intituled, An aft for laying certain duties upon Gum Senega and Gum Arabic, imported into or exported from Great Britain, and for confining the exportation of Gum Senega from Africa to Great Britain only,) a duty of one pound ten Jhillings was granted upon every hundred weight avoirdu-poife of Gum Senega, which Jhould be exported from Great Britain to any part beyond the feas: and whereas it has been found by experience 9 that the fiaid duty being fo high, has induced illicit traders to export great quantities of fuch gum privately out of this kingdom into foreign parts, without paying any duty for the famey andalfo to export fuch gum clandejlinely from Senegal, dire ft ly to Holland, and other foreign partSj contrary to the faid recited at7, to the prejudice of the fair traders, and to the lofs and detriment of the publick revenue/for remedy whereof may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament , aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the fifth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four, the faid duty of one pound ten (hillings for every hundred weight of Gum Senega, granted by the faid recited aft, fhall ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid ; and that, in lieu and in (lead thereof, there (hall be paid to his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefTors, for every hundred weight avoirdupoife, of Gum Senegaf which fhall be exported from Great Britain to any parts beyond the feas, the fum of five (hillings, over and above any other duty impofed thereon by any former aft of parliament, and not repealed by this aft, and after thofe rates for any greater or lef$ quantity or fuch gum.

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

1 That the faid duty by this aft granted, fhall be raifed, levied, collected, and recovered, by the fame rules and regulations, and

under

Digitized by

33*

1774*3 Anno decimo quarto Georgh III. c. n.

under the like penalties and forfeitures, and with the like allow* ances, for goods loft at fea; and (hall be paid and applied in fuch manner, and to and for the fame purpofes, as the duty by this z6t repealed was raifed, levied, collected, recovered, paid, and applied, as fully, to all intents and purpofes, as if the feveral claufes, powers, and directions, relating thereto, were particularly repeated, and again enaCted, in this prefent aft.

III.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted by No duty to the authority aforefaid, that nothing in this aft contained be charged on lhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to charge the duty ^um hereby granted upon fuch Gum Senega as (hall be exported Gi^Britain from Great Britain to Ireland, by licence from the commifli- to Ireland by oners of his Majefty’s treafury, or the lord high treafurer licence, for the time being, in purfuance of an aft, made in the fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, (intituled, An all for explaining part of an afty made in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, relating to the removal for heme confumption of fpirits made for exportation; for laying an additional duty upon the importation of filk crapes and tiffanies; for allowing the exportation of a certain quantity of Gum Senega and Gum Arabic to Ireland, free of duty, for the ufe of the Manufacturers there; for permitting the importation into this kingdom from the ifle of Man of a certain quantity of bugles \ and for altering certain regulations relating to the tonage ofjhips exporting and importing fpirits.

CAP. XI.

An aft to allow the exportation of a limited quantity of BifcttiC and Peafe to the IJland of Newfoundland, for the benefit of the Bri-ti(h fifhery there.

WHEREAS by an aft pajfed in the lafi feffion of Parliament, Preamble.

(intituled, An aft to regujate the importation and exportation of corn,) it was, (among/} other things,) enafted, That whenever the price of middling Britifh wheat, at any port or place within the kingdom of Great Britain, from whence the fame Jbould be intended to be exported, Jbould appear to be at or above the price of forty four /hillings per quarter, fuch price being afeertained in manner in the faid aft mentioned, no perfon or perfons whatfoevtr Jbould, direftly or indirectly export, transport, carry, or convey, or caufe or procure fo to be, out of or from any fuch port or place, or load or lay on board, or caufe or procure to be laden or laid on board, in any Jbip, or other vejfel or boat, in order to be exported or carried out of any fuch port or place, any wheat, wheat meal or flour, or malt, bread, *bifcuit, or /larch, made of wheat; and, whenever the price of middling Britifh peafe Jbould appear at fuch port or place to be at or above the price of twentyeight /hillings per quarter, no perfon or perfons whatfoevtr Jbould, direftly or indireftly, export, tranfport, carry, or convey, or oaufe^ fo to be, or load or lav on board, in any/hip or other vejfel or boat, in order to be exported or carried out of any fuch port or place, arty peafe, ground or unground, or any bread or bifeuit made of pta/e, under the penalties and forfeitures in

the

Digitized by

Google

S3*

Anno decimo quarto GeoRGII III. C. n. [1774

the faid at1 particularly mentioned and infilled: and whereas it is necejfary, at all times, to export bifcuit and peafe to the Iflandtf Newfoundland,the benefit of the Bf\r\ft\ftjbery there ; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the Quantity of authority of the fame. That, from and after the paffiog of this tons of bifcuit, aft, it fhall and may be lawful to (hip and export from the port and quarter* of Briftol bifcuit and peafe, not exceeding in the whole one maybeex-11^ hundred and fifty tons of bifcuit, and three hundred quarters of ported in one peafe, in any one year; and from the port of Poole bifcuit and year to New- peafe, not exceeding in the whole two hundred and fifty tons foundlamL 0f bifcuit, and feven hundred quarters of peafe, in any one year;

and from the port of Dartmouth bifcuit and peafe, not exceeding in the whole one hundred and fifty tons of bifcuit, and three hundred quarters of Peafe, in any one year; and alfo from the ports of Topjbam and 7ingmouth, within the port of Exeter, bifcuit and peaie, not exceeding in the whole one hundred and fifty tons of bifcuit, and three hundred quarters of peafe, in any one year, to the iflaqd of Newfoundland, for the benefit of the Britijh fifbery there ; any thing in the faid aft to the contrary notwithftanding; fo as the exporter do, before the (hipping or laying on board the fame, become bound, with other Security to be fufficient fecuriry, in treble the value thereof, to the commifli-given t° the oners or chief officer or officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms belonging to the faid ports of Briftol, Poole, Dartmouth, or Exeter refpeftively, (who hath pr have hereby power to take fuch fecurity in his Majefty’s name, and to his Majefty’s ufe,) that fuch commodities (hall not be landed or fold in any parts whatfoever pthcr than the faid ifland of Newfoundland; and that a certificate under the hand and fea! of the colleftor, comptroller, or otheF chief officer of the cuftoms, or if no fuch, of the naval officer, or fome other principal officer there, (hall, within the fpace of eighteen calendar months after the date of fuch bonds, (the danger of the feas excepTed,) be returned to the officers who took the faid bonds, that the faid commodities have been landed in the faid iiland of Newfoundland: and for the taking of fuch fecurity, and for giving fuch certificates, (which the refpeftive officers aforefaid are hereby, on demand, required to give,) no fee or reward (hall be demanded or received : and if any officer (hall make any falfe certificate of any fuch commodities being fo landed, fuch officer (hall forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds, and lofe his employment, and be incapable of ferving his majefty, bis heirs or fucceflors, in any office relating to the cuftoms} and if any perfon fhall counterfeit, rafe, or falfify, any fuch certificate, or knowingly publifli any fuch counterfeit, rafed, or falfe certificate, he (hall forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds, and fuch certificate (hall be void, and of no effeft; which faid penalties for offences committed in Great Britain or Ireland (hall be recovered in the fame

officers of cuitoms.

Officers making falfe certificates, or crating or falfify ing fuch, (hall forfeit too/.

Penalties how recoverable.

courts.

Digitized by

Google

1774-3 Anno dedmo quarto Georgii III. c. 12—14.	333

zrourts, and in the fame manner, as the other penalties inflided by the faid rtcited a6t are recoverable; and for offences committed in the faid iiland of Newfoundland, (hall be recovered in the high court of admiralty, or in any chief court of the civil or criminal jurifdi&ion in the faid ifland, and (hall be divided into equal moieties between his Majefty and the informer j and the faid bond or bonds, if not profecuted within three years,

(hall be void ; any thing in the faid recited a61 to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithftanding.

II.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority when the Ex-afore(aid. That when the exportation of bifeuit and peafe, or portation (hall either of them, (hall, by the faid ad, be permitted ; then, and °c Pcr"),tte^ in fuch cafe, no fuch bond (hall be required upon the ex-portation to the faid ifland of Newfoundland> or fuch of them

as (hall be fo permitted,

III.	Provided alfo, and be it enabled, That when any bounty Bounty, when (hall be allowed upon the exportation of the faid commodities, to be allowed, or either of them, the fame bounty (hall be allowed upon the exportation thereof to the faid ifland of Newfoundland, under

the regulations, proviflon, and reftridions, in the faid ad mentioned.

IV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. Continuation. That this ad (hall be in force during fuch time as the faid

recited ad, patted in the lad feffion of parliament, (hall have continuance.

CAP. XII.

An ad for vetting a piece of watte ground within, and parcel of, the manor of Clapbam, in the county of Surry, in truttees, and for enabling them to build a new parilh .church thereon.

CAP. XIII.

An ad for enabling Sir John Ramfden, Baronet, to make and maintain a navigable canal, from the river Calder (between a bridge called Cooper’s Bridge and the mouth of the river Colne) to the King's mill, near the town of Huddersiield. in the weft riding of the county of York.

CAP. XIV.

An ail to repeal a claufe in an aft, made in the thirteenth year of bit	prefent	Majejly's	reign, intituled. An a«£t to explain,

amend, and reduce into one ad of Parliament, the general laws now in being for regulating the turnpike roads in that part of Great Britain called England, and for other purpofes; which regulates the width of the wheels, and the length of carriages liable to be weighed; and for indemnifying perjons who have offended againji the faid claufe.

WHEREAS by a claufe in an aft of parliament, made in Preamble.

the thirteenth year of his prefent	reign,	intituled,

An ad to explain, amend, and reduce into one ad of parlia- repealed j tnent, the general laws now in being for regulating the turnpike roads in that part of Great Britain called England, and for

other

Digitized by

Google

Anno decimo quarto GeorgII III. c. 14* £ 1774*

other purpofes; it is enafled, that no carriage, liable to be zueigbci by virtue of the /aid afl, Jhall pafs along any turnpike road+ being above twenty miles from the cities of London or Wefttninftcr, unlefs the fame Jhall be made and conflrufled in fuch manner that ms fair of the wheels thereof Jball be wider than four feet fix inches from infide to infide, to be meafured on the ground, (,except wheels having the foies of the fellies thereof of the breadth of nine inches, which Jhall be fo conflrufled as to roll a furface of fixteen inches, and that the wider pair of fuch wheels Jhall not be more than five feet eight inches from infide to infide, to be meafured on the ground ;) and that the dflance from the centre of the fore wheel to the centre of the bind wheel of any waggon or four-wheeled carriage, not being ufed for the carriage of timber only, be not above nine feet, to be meafured from the centre of the axle-trees at the ends thereof on pain of the owner or owners of every fitch waggon, zoom, or cart, forfeiting the fum of five pounds for every fuch offence 5 and that the furveyor or furveyors, gate-keeper or gate-keepers9 cf any Turnpike road, is and are thereby authorised and required, at any turnpike or toll-gate, or at any other place upon the turnpike road, to meafure every fuch waggon, wain9 or cart; and if any mafic r, or driver of any waggon, wain9 or cart9 Jhall hinder, or refufe to permit fuch furveyor or Jurveyors9 gate-keeper or gate-keepers, to meafure fuch waggon, wain, or cart9 as aforefaid\ he or Jhe Jball forfeit the fum of five pounds; and that it Jhall not , be lawful for any fuch waggon9 wain9 or cart, not permitted to be meafured as aforefaid, to pafs along any turnpike rood: And whereas the proviftons in the Jaid claufe contained have been found very inconvenient 5 be it therefore enacted by the king’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, that the faid claufe ihall be, and is hereby declared to be repealed.

II. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, that all and every perfon and perfons who bath or have offended, or been guilty of any omiflion, touching the ex-theVaidciaure, etution of the faid claufe, (hall be, and is and are hereby are indemnifi-indemnified againfl any penalty or'forfeiture for the fame;

and hereby repealed.

Perfons guilty of omiflUms touching the execution of

tdi

and perfooal actions for, fuch offence, made void.

and that all perfonai actions and fuits, indictments, informations, profecutions, and proceedings whatfoever, which have been, or (hall be, profecuted or commenced againft any perfon or perfons, for or by reafon of any fuch offence or omiflion, (hall be, and are hereby made, void, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.

CAP.

Digitized by

|774~] Anno decimo quarto Georgji III. c. 15,16.	335

CAP. XV.

in a£l for making perpetual two alls, pajfed in the tenth and	'

‘ eleventh years of the reign of bis prefint Majejiy, for regulating the trials of controverted elections, or returns of members to ferve in parliament.

WHEREAStfff^ Pnjfedy in the tenth year of the reign of? reamble.

his prefent Majejiy, intituled, An act to regulate the trials Adt 10 Geo.3. pf controverted elections, or returns of members to ferve in parliament, which ail was made to continue for a limited time only:

And whereas another all, pajfed in the eleventh year of the reign of his faid Majejiy, intituled, An adt to explain and amend an adt, anja& It made in the lad feflion of parliament, intituled. An aft to Geo. 3. regulate the trials of controverted eleHions, or returns of members to ferve in parliament: And whereas the provifwis of the faid recited alls are well adapted to procure to the commons of this realm q free and impartial trial of controverted elections of members to ferve in parliament, and have been found, by experience, to be practicable and beneficial: May it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enadted; and be it enadted by the King’s mod excellent majedy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the (aid recited adts, palled in the tenth and eleventh years of his	Y* u

prefent Majedy, (hall be, and are hereby made, perpetual.

CAP. XVI.

An adt for amending and rendering more efFedual an adt, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second,

(intituled. An a dt for draining and preierving certain ten lands, low grounds, and commons, in the town (hips or hamlets of March and Wimblington, and in the parifh of Upwell, in the Hie of Ely, and county ot Cambridge,) fo tar as the fame relates to the feveral fen lands and low grounds lying in the (ixth diftridt, in the (kid adt described.

Preamble. Adt 30. Geo. s. Commiffioners may lay an additional Tax*

Penalty on not paying of Taxes. Claufe repealed in former adts relating to qualification ot commiffioners. Qualification of commidioners. Owners of fixty acres of feveral lands, or four lots or doles, may appoint an agent to act at a commiflioner. Joint owners of feveral lands, &c. may appoint agents. Commifliooers may pot the former adt, in the fixth diftridt, and this adt, in execution. For borrowing money. Not to affedt the creditors under former adt. What fum may oe borrowed. Charges of the adt how to be paid. No money to be applied at fuch times as tne intereft due on the money borrowed (hall be behind and unpaid. Penalty if the treafnrer or receiver do not pay the intereft when demanded. Cora-miffioners impowered to fell mills or engines. Engines and mills may be Infured from fire. Diftrefs not unlawful for want of form, See. Form of convidtion. The claufes of the former adt extended to this adt. Limitation of Aftions. General iffue. Treble cofts. Publick adt.

CAP.

Digitized by GooQle

Anno decimo quarto Georg 11 III. c. 17—19.	[1774-

CAP. XVII.

An att for appointing commiflioners to pur in execution an aS of feflion of parliament, intituled. An att for granting an aid to hr* Ma-jefty by a land tax, to be rai(ed in Great Britain, for the fervice ofik year one tboufaml feven hundred and feventy-tour, together with ttefih named in two former a&s for appointing commifixoners of the M Tax.

CAP. XVIII.

An a& for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the mintia i» that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning rbt twenty-fifth day of March, one tnoufand (even hundred and feTcaty. four. *

C A P. XIX.

An aft to difcontinue, in fuch manner, and for fucb time as an therein mentioned, the landing and difcharging* lading or flipping* of goods, vjares, and merchandife, at the town, and within the harbour, of Bofton, in the province of MalTachufet’s Bay, fit North America.

WHEREAS dangerous commotions and infurreftions bam been fomented and raifed in the town of Bofton, in the pro-vince of Maffachufet’s Bay, in New England, by divers ill-cffe&ed perfons, to the fubverfion of his Majeftys governments and to the utter dcjlruftion of the publici peace, and good order of the food town; in which commotions and infurreftions certain valuable cargoes of teas, being the property of the Eaft India Company, and on board certain vejfels lying within the bay or harbour of Bofton, were feized and deftroyed: And whereas, in the prefent condition of the fetid town and harbour, the commerce of his Majejly's fubjefts cannot be flfely carried on there, nor the cufloms payable to his Majejly duly colie ft ed; and it is therefore expedient that the officers of bis Majejly's cufloms jhould be forthwith removed from the faid town : May it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enatfted $ and be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent rnajefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritudl and temporal, and commons, Q . . in'this prefent parliament aflembled; and by the authority after June!*, ^ie fa,nef That from and after the firft day of June* one 1774, to be 9 thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four, it fhall not be lawful obferved in for any perfon or perfons whatfoever to lade put, or caufe or feo*nofB C Procurc to laden or put, off or from any quay, wharf, or ton?*0 0 * other place, within the faid town of Bofton, or in or upon any part of the (hore of the bay, commonly called The Harbour of Bofton, between a certain headland or point called Nabant Point* on the eaftern fide of the entrance into the faid bay, and a certain other headland or point called Alderton Point, on the weft-em fide of the entrance into the faid bay, or in or upon any irtand, creek, landing place, bank, or other place, within the faid bay or headlands, intb any fl>ip, veffel, lighter, boat, or bottom, any goods, wares, or tnerchandife whatfoever, to be tranfported or carried into any other country, province, or

Preamble.

Digitized by CjOOQle

1774-] Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 19.	337

place whatfoever, or into apy other part of the faid province of the Adaffdchufef$ Bay, in New England; or to take up, difeharge, or lay on land, or caufe or procure to be taken up, discharged, or laid on land, within the faid town, or in or upon any of the* places aforefaid, out of any boat, lighter, (hip, veflel, or bottom, any goods, wares, or merchandife whatfoever, to be brought from any other country, province, or place, or any other part of the faid province ot the MaJfacbuJeCs Bay in New England, upon pain of the forfeiture of the faid goods, wares, and merchandife, and of the faid boat, lighter, (hip, veflel, or other bottom into which the fame (hall be put, or out of which the fame (hall be taken, and of the guns, ammunition, tackle, furniture, dnd (lores, in or belonging to the fame: And if any ~ fuch goods, wares, or merchandife, mall, within the faid town, or in any the places aforefaid, be laden or taken in from the (bore into any barge, hoy, lighter, wherry, or boat, to be carried on board any (hip or veflel outward-bound to any other country or province, or other part of the faid province of the Majfachufcfs Bay in New England, or be laden or taken into fuch barge, hoy, lighter, wherry, or boat, from or out of any (hip or veflel coming in and arriving from any other country or province, or other part of the faid province of the MaJJachufet'i Bay in New England, fuch barge, hoy, lighter, wherry, or boat,

(hall be forfeited and loft.

II.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, penalty, if the That if any warfinger, or keeper of any wharf, crane, or quay, wharfingers, or their Servants, or any of them, mall take up or land, or orperfoniaf-knowingly fuflFer to be taken up or landed, or (hall (hip off, or

fuffer to be waterborne, at or ftfom any of their faid wharfs, Sherborne, cranes, or quays, any fuch goods, wares, or merchandife; in contrary to every fuch cafe, all and every fuch wharfinger, and keeper of fuch the faid rega-wharf, crane, or quay, and every perfon whatever who (hall be lalions* aflifting, or otherwife concerned in the (hipping or in the loading or putting on board any boat, or other veflel, for that purpofe, or in the unfhipping fuch goods, wares, and merchandife, or to whofe hands the fame (hall knowingly come after the loading, (hipping, or unfhipping thereof, (hall forfeit and lofe treble the value thereof, to be computed at the higheft price which fuch fort of goods, wares, and merchandife, (hall bear at the place where fuch offence (hall be committed, at the time when the feme (hall be fo committed, together with the veflels and boats, and all the horfes, cattle, and carriages, whatfoever made ufe of in the (hipping, unfliipping, landing, removing, carriage, or conveyance of any of the aforefaid goods, wares, and merchandife.

III.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. Power of the That if any (hip or veflel (hall be moored or lie at anchor, admiral, chief or be feen hovering within the faid bay, described and bounded commander, as aforefaid, or within one league from the faid bay fo deferibed,

or the (aid headlands, or any of the iflands lying between pr within the lame, it (hall and may be lawful for any admiral,

3	chief

Digitized by

Google

33*

This aft not to extend to military ftore*. nor to fuel, &c for the ofe of the inhabitants.

Seifurcs, Penalties, &c. to be profe-cuted by any admiral, See.

500/. Penalty on perfons conniving at the lading or unlading of goods, See.

Anno decimo quarto Geokgii III. C. 19.	[1774.

chief commander, ot commiffioned officer, of his Majefty’s fleet or (hips of war, or for any officer of his Majefty’s cuftoms, to compel fuch (hip or veflel to depart to fame other port or harbour, or to fuch Ration as the faid officer (bail appoint, and to ufe fuch force for that purpofe as.(hall be found oecef-fary: And if fuch (hip or velfel (hall not depart accordingly, within fix hours after notice for that purpofe given by fach perfon as aforefaid, fuch (hip or veflel, together with all the goods laden on board thereon, and all the guns, ammunition, tackle, and furniture, (hail be forfeited and loft, whether bulk (hall have been broken or not.

IV.	Provided always, That nothing in this aft: contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to any military, or other (lores for his Majefty’s ufe, or to the (hips or veflds whereon the fame (hall be laden, which (hall be commiffioned by, and in the immediate pay of, his Majefty, his heirs or fuc-ceflors ; nor to any fuel or victual brought coaftwife from any part of the continent of Americas for the neceflary ufe and fuftenance of the inhabitants of the faid town of Bofian^ provided the veflels wherein the fame are to be carried (hall be duly furnifhed with a cocket and let-pal's, after having been -duly fearched by the proper officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms at Marblehead, in the port of Salem, in the faid province of Mafia-ehufet's Bay; and that fame officer of his Majefty’s cuftoms be alfo there put on board the faid veflel, who is hereby authorifed to go on board, and proceed with the faid veflel, together with

a fufficient number of perfons, properly armed, for his defence, to the faid town or harbour of Bojlort; nor to any (hips or vef-fcls which may happen to be within the faid harbour of Befion I on or before the firft day of June> one thoufand feven hundred * and feventy four, and may have either laden or taken on board, or be there with intent to load or take on board, or to land or difeharge any goods, wares, and merchandife, provided the (aid (hips and veflels do depart the faid harbour within fourteen days after the faid firft day of June, one thoufand feven huqdied and feventy-four.

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That all feizures, penalties, and forfeitures, inflicted by this aft* (hall be made and profecuted by any admiral, chief commander, or commiffioned officer, of his Majefty’s fleet, or (hips of war, or by the officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms, or fome of them, or by fome other perfon deputed or authorifed, by warrant from the lord high treafurer, or the commiffioncrs of his Majefty?s treafury for the time being, and by no other perfon whatsoever: And if any fuch officer, or other perion authorifed as aforefaid, (hall, direftly or indireftly, take or receive any bribe or reward, to connive at fuch lading or unlading, or (hall make or commence any collufive Seizure, information, or agreement for that purpofe, or (hall do any other aft whatfoever, whereby the goods, wares, or mereban-dife, prohibited as aforefaid, (hall be fuffered to pafs, either

inward;

Digitized by Google

339

t774*] Anno dedmo quarto GeoROII III. C.19.

inwards or outwards, or whereby the forfeitures and penalties inflicted by this ad may be evaded, every fuch offender (hall forfeit the futti of five hundred pounds for every fuch offence, and (hall become incapable of any office or employment, civil or military ; and every perfon who (hall give, offer, or promife, any fuch bribe or reward, or (hall contract, agree, or treat with any perfon, fb authorised as aforefaid, to commit any fuch offence, (hall Forfeit the fum of fifty pounds.

VI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That the forfeitures and penalties infixed by this ad (hall and JSSJ*?*** *?: may be profecuted, fued for, and recovered, and be divided, ^ howto be paid, and applied, in like manner as other penalties and forfei- profecuted, tures inflided by any ad or ads of parliament, relating to the &c.

trade or revenues of the Britijb colonies or plantations in . Ameriea, are direded to be profecuted, fued for, or recovered, divided, paid, and applied, by two feveral ads of parliament, the one paffed in the fourth year of his prefent Majefty, (intituled, An aft for granting certain duties in the Britifh colonies and plantations in America; for continuing, amending, and making perpetual, an aft paffed in the fixth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second) intituled, An ad for tire better fecuring and encouraging the trade of his Maiefty’s fugar colonies in A~ merica : for applying the produce of fuch duties, and of the duties to strife by virtue of the faid at7, towards defraying the expences of de-fendings protesting^ and fecuring, the faid colonies and plantations; far explaining an aft made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An ad for the encouragement of the Greenland and Eaftland trades, and for the better fecuring the plantation trade; and for altering and difallowing feveral drawbacks on exports from this kingdom, and more ejfeftually preventing the elandeftine conveyance of goods to and from the faid colonies and plantations, and improving and fecuring the trade between the fame and Great Britain 5) the other paffed in the eighth year of his prefent Majefty*s reign, (intituled. An aft for the more eafy and tjfeftual recovery of the penalties and forfeitures inftifted by the afts of parliament relating to the trade or revenues of the Britifh colonies and plantations in America.)

VII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,That Charter party eveiy charter party bill of loading, and other contract for con- bilUof loading figning (hipping, or carrying any goods, wares, and merchan- tob€V01<1« dize whatfoever, to or from the faid town of Bofton, or any part

of the bay or harbour thereof, deferibed as aforefaid, which have been made or entered into, or which (hall be made or entered into, fo long as this ad (hall remain in full force, relating to any (hip which (hall arrive at the faid town or harbour, after the firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four, (hall be, and the fame are hereby declared to be, utterly void, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.	P*8 Majefty

VIM. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, ^be haven That whenever it (hall be made to appear to his Majefty, in his Bofton, mav,. privy council, that peace and obedience to the laws (hall be fo by proclanu-far reftored in the (aid town of Bofton% that the trade of Great ?io^a^nt

VoJU XXX,

A a

Brihu~iubow^

340 "	Anno	decimo	quarto	Georgii	III.	C.	19.	[*774*

Britain may fafcly be carried on there, and his Majefty’s cuftoms duly colletfted, and his Majefty, in his privy council, (hall adjudge the fame to be true, it {hall and may be lawful for his Majefty, by proclamation, or order of council, to aflign and appoint the extent, bounds, and limits, of the port or harbour of Bofton, and of every creek or haven within the fame, or in the iflands within the precindls thereof; and alfo to aftign and appoint fuch and fo many open places, quays, and wharfs, within the faid harbour, creeks, havens, and iflands, for the landing, discharging, lading, and (hipping of goods, as his Majefty, his heirs or fucceftors, (hall judge neceflary and expedient; and alfo to appoint fuch and fo many ofticers of the cuftoms therein as his - Majefty (hall think fit; after which it (hall be lawful for any perfon or perfons to lade or put off from, or to discharge and land upon, fuch wharfs, quays, and places, fo appointed within the faid harbour, and none other, any goods, wares, and mer* chandife whatever.

Provifo as to IX. Provided always. That if any goods, wares, or merchan-faden oHa d ^ze>	^en	or	Put °& from> or difeharged or landed up-

ed on placet " on> any ot^cr P^ace than the quays, wharfs, or places, fo to be pioujbited. appointed, the fame, together with the (hips, boats, and other v veflels employed therein, and the horfes, or other cattle and carriages ufed to convey the fame, and the perfon or perfons concerned or aflifting therein, or to whofe hands the fame (hall knowingly come, (hall fuffer all the forfeitures and penalties im-pofed by this or any other alt on the illegal (hipping or landing of goods.

Not to extend X. Provided alfo, and it is hereby declared and ena&ed, That to enable hi« nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued, to enable Majeity to ap- hJs Majefty to appoint fuch port, harbour, creeks, quays, wharfs, creTksf&c^tiU P^aces> or officers, in the faid town of Bofton* or in the faid bay latisfadtion be or iflands, until it (hall fufficiently appear to his Majefty that full made to the fatisfa&ion hath been made by or on behalf of the inhabitants of Eaft India the faid town of Bojlon to the united company of merchants of company, England trading to the Eaft India, for the damage fufiained by.

the faid company by the deftrudion of their goods fent to the faid town of Bofton* on board certain (hips or veflels asaforefaid) and until it (hail be certified to his Majefty, in council, by the governor, or lieutenant governor, of the (aid province, that reasonable fatisfa&ion hath been made to the officers of his Ma-jefty's revenue, and others, who fuffered by the riots and infur-regions above mentioned, in the months of November and De-eember, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-three, and in the month of January, in the year one thoufand (even hundred and feventy-four.

Limitation of XI. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That aftions. if any aeftion or fuit (hall be commenced, either in Great Britain or America, againft any perfon or perfons, for any thing done in purfuance of this a & of parliament, the defendant or defendants. General iffac. in fuch a&ion or fuit, may plead the general iffue, and give the (aid adt, and the fpccial matter, in evidence, at any trial to be 2	—	I»d

1774*] Anno decimo quarto Georgh III. c. to.	341

liad thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance andhy

the authority of this ad: and if jt fhall appear fo to have beeh

done, the jury (hall find tor the defendant or defendants ; and

if the plaintiff (hall be nonfuiqed, or difcontinue hi* adion., after

the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared : or if judgment

ftjall be given upon any verdid or demurrer, againft the plaintiff,

the defendant or defendants*(hall recover treble cods, and have Treble rolls.

the like remedy for the fame, as defendants have in other cales

by law.

CAP. XX.

An aft for the relief of pr if oners charged withfelony, or other crimes, who Jball be acquitted or difeharged by proclamation, refpefting the payment of fees to gaolers, and giving a recompence for fuch fees, cut of the county rates.

WHEREAS per funs in cujlody for felonies, or other crimes, Preamble* or on fufpicion thereof or as acuffarics thereto, though no bills of indiftment are afterwards preferred or found againjl them, or they are acquitted on their trials, are neverthelefs frequently detained for certain fees to the Jhcriff's, gaolers, or keepers of prifons, in whffe cujlody they happen to be, which is both opprejfive and unjujl: for remedy whereof, may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enabled; and be it enaded by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That every prifoner who now Prifonerc is, or hereafter (hall be, charged with any felofty or other crime, charged with or as an acceffary thereto, before any court holding criminal |f!,^r,,rvc^me# jurifdidion, within that part of Great Britain called England and	Eng,and,

fVales, againft whom no bill of indictment (hall be found by the for want of* grand jury, or who, on his or her tria!^ (hall be acquitted, or profccurion to who (hall be difeharged by proclamation, for want of profecu- be fct at lar£c* tion, (hall be immediately fet at large in open court, without the payment of any fee or futn of money to the (heriff, gaoler, or keeper of the gaol or prifon, from whence he or fhe (hall be fo difeharged, and fet at liberty, for or in refpect of fuch dif-charge.

II. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That sheriffs, gaol* all fuch fees as have been ufually paid, or payable, to the feveral ers, or ke«*p-(heriffs, gaolers, and keepers of prifons in England and Wales, et\* ‘cei* abo* in any of the cafes aforefaid, (hall absolutely ceafe, and the famellftlc * are hereby aboliQied and determined; and from and after the palling of this act, no gaoler, or keeper of any goal or prifon, fhall a(k, demand, take, of receive, any fum or fums of money from any of the faid prifontrs, as fees, for, upon, or in refped of his or her difeharge.

III. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That, The treafurera in lieu of fuch fees fo abolHhed as aforefaid, the trcafbrcrs, or other proper officers of the feveral counties, or of fuch diftnds, a(Tcflcd at hundreds, ridings, or divifions, of a county, as are not ufually large, on re-

A a a	affeffedce‘P* °f a

Digitized by

Google

342	Anno	decimo	quarto	Georgii	III. C.21.	[1774.

tificate, figned aflefled to the county at large, and of fuch cities, towns corpo-byaiudge,^1^^ cinque ports, liberties, franchifes, and places, as do not fuch gaoler* Pay t0 rates °* fcvcra* counties in which they are refpcc-not exceeding tively fituated, (hall, on receiving a certificate* figned by one or 13*. 4 d. in more judge or juftice, before whom fuch prifoner (hall have been heu ot luch difcharged as aforefaid, (which certificate the judge or juftice is CC8‘	hereby	required	to	give), pay out of the rates of fuch county,

oV of fuch diflridt, hundred, riding, or divifion, or out of the publick (lock of (hch city, town corporate, cinque port, liberty, franchife, or place, fuch fum as has been ufually paid upoa that occafion, not exceeding thirteen (hillings and four pence for every prifoner fo difcharged as aforefaid, to the fheriff, gaoler, or keeper of the prifon, whence the faid prifoner (hall have been difcharged as aforefaid; which feveral fums fo paid in purfuance of this a&, (hall be refpedtively allowed to the faid treafurers and officers by the juftices before whom their accounts (hall be pafied.

Preamble.

CAP. XXI.

An aCl for more effectually carrying into execution certain propofols, made by the mojl noble Henry duke of Buccleugh, the mojl noble Charles duke of Queenlberry and Dover, and others for redeeming the annuities granted by the company of the bank of Ayr, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, known under the firm of Douglas, Heron, and Company.

WHEREAS the mofl noble Henry duke of Buccleugh, the rnoft noble Charles duke of Quecnlberry and Dover, the right honourable Patrick earl of Dumffeis, Archibald Douglas of Douglas efquire, and a confiderable number of other perfons, did, in the year of our Lord one tboufand feven hundred and fixty nine, enter into a partnerjbip, and fubferibe a capital or flock of one hundred and fixty thoufand pounds, or thereabouts, for carrying on the bufinefs of banking in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, under the firm of Douglas, Heron, and Company, with intention chiefly of improving manufactures aud agriculture, by accommodating and extending the credit of the manufacturers and farmers of that part of the kingdom: and whereas, by too great an enlargement of the credit given to the manufacturers, farmers, and others, the partnerjbip did, in June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy two, come to be in great want of money to fatitfy the demands made upon them, owing to the check given to credit by the many bankruptcies that happened at that time in different parts of this kingdom: and whereas the copartners in the faid company, in order to raife money to fatisfy the demands upon them, and thereby prevent the bankruptcy of many, which their flopping payment would necejfarily have occafioned, did raife, on granting annuities for one and two lives, the fum offour hundred and fifty tboufand pounds, and upwards, fubjeCl to a power given by the pur-chajers of the faid annuities, by verbal agreement, for the find copartners to redeem the faid annuities, by repaying the pvrcbafe~mney originally given for the faid annuities, and one half-year's auuuicy

more%

Digitized by

Google

1774-] Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c.2r.'

more, as a premium for fucb power of redemption: and whereas the fail copartners, in order to extricate their affairs, and to enable them to redeem their [aid annuities, didy at a general meeting, held on the tiuelfth day of Auguft, one thoufand Jeven hundred andfeventy tkree9 refolve to dtfcontinue the faid banking bufwefs, and nominated and appointed the perfons following, being twelve of the copartner s, or any three of them, to be a committee, with power to do every thing necefi* fary for managing and winding up the affairs of the partnerjbip that could be done by the refolutions of a general meetings videlicet. The faid Henry duke of Buccleugh, the laid Charles duke of Queenf-berry and Dover, Archibald Douglas ^“Douglas, John Hamil* tod of Sundrum, Alexander Fergufon of Craigdarroch, Hay Campbell, David Fergufon, Alexander Wight, John Campbell, Andrew Crofaie, George Home, and Alexander Mockonocnie, efquires: and whereas, at another meeting of the faid copartners, held on the twenty firjl day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and fiventy three, the perfons following were added to the faid committee, videlicet, Thomas Lockart efquire, commifftoner of excifey W John Syme, writer to the ftgnety and any five of the faid committee were declared to be a quorum, for executing dll bufinefs: and whereas the the faid committeey after much confutation of the mojl proper an& effehual method of redeeming the faid annuities, finding it was im-peffible to raife any cohftderable fum for that purpofe out of the funds of the partnerJhip, without bringing great diflrefs upon their debtors, and injuring the credit of that part of the kingdom where they chiefly refided, did call a meeting of the annuitants together, on the ninth day of February, one thoufandfeven hundred andfeventy four, and deliver to them, in writing, the following propofols: Firji, That his grace the duke of Bpccleugh, the duke of Queenlberry, Archibald Douglas, ef quire, and others, being the prefent committee, chofen and appointed by a general meeting of proprietors at Edinburgh, to manage the affairs of the faid meffieurs Douglas, Heron, and Company, do execute bonds of fifty pounds each, fome few broken fums excepted, to the amount of the original fums paid for the faid annuities, with the addition of half a year’s pur chafe, or fifty pounds more, on every annuity of one hundred pounds, and pro rata for every greater or Uffer annuity, the faid committee'binding themfelves, and their heirs and executors, and having a power to bind all the partners of the faid company, and their heirs and executors, to the due performance of the obligations in the faid bonds : Secondly, That the faid bonds of fifty pounds each, carrying an interejl of five pounds per hundred pounds, be made payable to a perfon namtd% his executors, adminifirators, or ajfigns, by indorfemcnt, and rendered to all intents and purpofes negotiable and vendible, like Eaft India bonds, navy, and exchequer bills, or any effefis of a fimilar nature: Third, That as the principal of * the faid bonds, the premium of redemption included, is eftimated nearly at four hundred and eighty thoufand pounds, the interejl at five per centum thereon is twenty four thoufand pounds per annum, it is further propofed, that fpecifitk eftates in land unentailed in Scotland, to the clear amount in rent of thirty-two thoufand pounds p*r annum, #r upwards, be fubjeGed, by mortgage, as a corroborative fecurity for

A a 3	thq

34 3

Google

344.

Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. C.21.	[1774*

the iifcharge oj the principal and inter eft of the jhid bonds; that is ts fay, Of the interejl every half-year in London; and of the principal by four inf aimer's, videlicet. One fourth party as nearly as the whole may be conveniently divided, at Midfummer, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy eight : One fourth part at Midfummer, one thoufand frocn hundred and feventy nine; One fourth part at Midfummer, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty; and the lajly whether fomething more or lefs than a fourthy at Midfummer, one tbom-fend Jeven hundred and eighty two: Fourthy That the care of investigating the titles and values of the faid efates in landsy and of executing the Jecurities in due formy be left to James Montgomery efquirty lord advocatey and Henry Dun das efquireyfolicitor general, of Scotland, with the approbationy and under the infpefliony of Alexander Wedderburn efquirey folicitor general of England, and Jofeph Banks, of Lincoln’s Inn, efquirey upon the recent precedent of a fi-milar tranfaftion, when a loan of fourfcore thoufand pounds was fur-nijhed to the faid company on thejecurity of other landed efatess under the care, and by the advice, of the fame learned gentlemen: Fifth, That after the faid landed efatesy in the prefent infancey to the amount, in rent, of thirty two thoufand pounds per .annum, or fo much thereof as /hall be adequate to the claim of fuch annuitants as Jhall fubferibe their ajfent to thefe propofahy Jhall have been approved of by the faid four learned gtntlemeny the mortgage deedsy called Heretable Bonds in Scotland,^//be made out andaffgned toJ/rWilliam Henry Afhurft, one of the judges of his Majejly's court of king's bench, the faid lord advocate and folicitor general of Scotland, the faid Alexander Wed-derburn folicitor general of England, Joleph Banks, Richard Glover, and Alexander Mackonochie, efquiresy or to any ether perfons in Scotland or England, in number more or lefs, at the election of the annuitants thcmfehveSy for the fpecial purpofe of being trufeeSy and holding the faid eftates of thirty two thoufand poundsy clear renty in behalf of the annuitant j, for the full and due performance of the obligations in the faid bonds, which are to be fubjlituted in lieu of the annuities by the faid committee of mejfieurs Douglas, Heron, and Company: Sixth, That in cafe the faid annuitantSy or any number cf them,/ball accept of thefe offers, and of tjge before-named Jeven per-Jons as iruftees for all or fuch proportion of the faid mortgages as Jhall be adequate to the claim of fuch number as Jhall Jubfcribe their ajfent y it is further provided ana earnejlly defer edy that they will appoint three or five gentlemen, of their ovm body, to infpcfl all the proceedings relative to this tranjafiion, and to report the fame at a publick meeting to be called by the infpeftors: Seventh, That wheny with the approbation and concurrence of the faid infpcolors, all the premifes above mentioned Jhall have pajfed the regular forms, and the holders of annuities Jhall be put in pojfejfton of bonds to the amount of feven hundred and fifty pounds for an annuity of one hundred pounds on one life, and eight hundred and fifty pounds for an annuity of one hundred pounds on two Jivesy and pro rata for every greater or lejfcr annuity > and when they Jhall have received in money whatever is accrued and due for the annuities dozCn to the date of the new bonds; that then the old bonds and judgments, or other Jecurities, by which they claimed their faid annuities,

Digitized by v^ooQle

U5

1774-3 Anno decirao quartft Georgn III. c. 21.

nasties* Jball be given up9 and fatisfaftion acknowledged on the Jatd judgments: Eighth, That in cafe any of the annuitants, who Jhall feign their qffent to thefe propofals9 Jhould die before the final execution of the fame, all the benefit thereof Jhall remain to their heirs and execu-torSy as fully and effectually as if the original annuitants Were actually alive 9 but if the Jatd propofals Jhould not be made good, in tint cafe the prefect annuitants Jhall remain in the fame Jlate of annuitants they now are : Ninths That parliament Jhall be applied to for an ad9 under xvhofe fandion and authority the bonds may be lawfully ijfued: and whereas9 the annuitants prefent at the faid meeting having taken the /aid propdfals into confederation, did unatiirtioufly agree to the fame, and the following memorandum was then feubfcribed by many of the faid annuitants prefent, and hath fence been feubfcribed by many others who were not then prefent 5 videlicet, London, ninth February, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy four. We underwritten purchafers of annuities from meffieurs Doughs, Heron, and Company, confent and agree to the within propofals for the redemption of the fame, and approve of the truftees named in the fifth article; and, in conformity Vvith the'fixth, appoint fir Thomas Frankland baronet, Martin Bladen Hawke efquire, George Demp~

Jier efquire. Peregrine Cufl efquire, and Daniel Giles efquire, to be our infpedors over all proceedings relative to the execution of the faid propofal: and whereas it would greatly facilitate the re~ deeming the faid annuities, and fave much trouble and expence to the faid copartners, if the committee appointed for fettling the affairsof the faid copartnerjhip, or any five or more of them, were enabled ioijfue bonds for fecuring rthe payment to the refpedive annuitants of the principal money and interefl9 according to the faid propofals 9 or to raife money thereon for the redemption of the faid annuities 9 and to make the faid bonds negotiable by indorfement thereon; but it being apprehended that the fame cannot be rendered effectual to anfwer the intention of the parties, or the faid propofals carried into exetution9 without the aid and authority of parliament; may it therefore pleafe your Ma-jefty that it may be enadled; arid be it ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That commits it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Henry duke	bonds. Sra°t

Buccleugby Charles duke of Queenfbtrry and Dover9 Archibald Douglas of Douglas, efquire, JoSn Hamilton of S undrum 9 Alexander Fergufonof Craigdarroch, Hay CampbeB9 David Fergufon9 Alexander •

Wigbty John Campbell9 Andrew Qrofbie9 George Home9 Alexander Mackonochie9 Thomas Lockhart9 and John Syme9 or any five of them, (of which the faid Henry duke of Buccleugh9 Charles duke of Sfmtnfberry and Dover, and Archibald Douglas of Douglas9 efquire, or any two of them, or the furvivor of them, (hall be three, two, or one, as the cafe may happen), to execute and iffue bonds for the payment of any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole five hundred thoufand pounds, for redeeming the annuities fo granted by the partnerihip of Douglasy Heron, and Company, as aforefaid, or for raifirig money thereon for redeeming the faid annuities, or any part thereof j each of A a 4	which

Digitized by

Google

/

Form of tlw hoods.

Bonds to be numbered.

Heretahle feT curities to be granted to trultees.

All bonds given by the

Anno decimo quarto GeoRGII III. C.2r.'	C*774*

which faid bonds fhall not be for fecuring lets than fifty pounds and intereft, and thatl be conceived in the following words, or words to the like effed; (that is to lay,)

Know all men, by theft prefentt, Thatwe i -being a quorum of the committee, nomrnottd ahd appointed by the copartners of the partnerjbtp in Scotland, which	under the firm of

Douglas, Heron, and Company, with fewer to do all things me-tejfary for extricating the affairs of the faid company, are held firmly bound to	mtht fum uf

of lawful money of Great Britain; for the due> payment whereof we bind the faid company, and ourfehes, and usj and our mod each of our heirs, executors, and eidnamfiratorsand the copartners ef the /aid	copartnerJhip,and each of them, and their end each ef their heirs,

executors, and	adminiflrators	refpe&htWitnefs our the

day of	one tbon/and bunched

and

The condition of the above-written obligation is foeh. That if the faid	or	any	of	them,	or	the	faid mdSeurs

Douglas, Heron, and Company, do and (hall well and truly pay, or caufe to be paid, unto the faid his executors, adminiflrators, or affigns, the Aim of of lawful money of Great Britain, at or on the Royal Exchange in the city of London, on the	day	of

which will be m the year of our Lord one thoufand.faren hundred and	with	intereft	for the fame in the

mean time, at the rate of	per centum per annum, in

London, by two half-yearly payments; that is to fay,- On the day of	and	day	of

in every year, by even and equal portions, free from all taxes and deductions whatfoever, the faft payment thereof to be made on the	day	of

next enfuing the date of the raid obligation, then the faid obligation fhall be void, or elfo to remain in full force and virtue.

Which bonds fo to be given (hall be numbered, beginning with number I. and fo proceeding in arithmetical progreftion, and (hall be entered in a book, to be kept for that purpofe, by Kenneth McKenzie of Spring Gardens, in the city of ffftflminfltr, efquire, without fen or reward, or by fucb other perfon as (hall be appointed by the faid iofpe&ors; and which* bonds (hall be inspected and approved of by any one of the laid infpeCtor&in the following words: / haveinfpefled, and approve this bond,

II.	Provided always, That prior to theifltiingof thelaid bonds, heretable.fecurity (hall be granted and confrituted to fir William Henry Afhurfi knight, James Montgomery, Alexander. Weddtrbvn, Henry Dundas, Jofipb Banks, Qlavet\ and Alexander Mtclortofbie, efquircs, in ttuft, in . terms of the prbpofals before mentioned.

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforelaid. That

...............>	.. -•	•	••all

Digitized by LjOOQLe

774*1 Anno dedmo quarto GeoRGI! III. c.ai.

347

all bonds to be given by the faid Henry duke of Buccleugb, Charles trufteei to be duke'of teayherryand	Dover, Archibald Douglas of

efquire, John Hamilton of Swcdrum, Alexander Fergufon of Craig- * *	**

darrocb, /far Campbell, David	FergufonAlexander IVigbt, John

Campbell, Andrew	Crojbh; George	Home;Alexander Mackonocbie,

ThonuuLbctinrl, nicdjohn Syme> or any five of them, (of which the Aid Henry duke of Beuxleugh, Charles duke of §uee»fberry and Dover, and Archibald Douglas of Douglas efquire, or any two of them, qrtbe furvivor of them, (hail be three, two, or one, as the cafe may happen), (hall be upon parchment or paper,'wish a damp of two (hillings aid fix pence 5 and (hall be Bondi to be srfDgnableby mdorfetncnt qpon the original bond without (lamps, transfcmble to any perfon or perfons whotnfoever ; and fuch bond or bonds by indorfe-xnay, in like manner, be again afiignable by indorfement, with- mtbout out (lamps, as aforefaid, and fo toties	a as often as occafion p*‘

(hall be or require: and that fuch inaorfee or indorfees of fuch Indorsee* may bond or bonds (hall and may, and they are hereby impowered bring **io"*' to bring any action or actions, fuit or fuits, at law, or in equity, j!jcoverv of in his, her, or their name or names, againft the perfons fo giving their vutoer. fuch bond or bonds as aforefaid, or any of them, their or any of their heirs, executors, or adtniniflrators, or any other of the faid copartners of the laid copartner (hip, their or any of their heirs,

„ executors, or adtniniflrators, for the recovering and receiving the feveral form of money for which fuch bond or bonds (hall be fo given, and the intereft respectively due for the lame, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as though the laid bond or bonds had been originally given and entered into to fuch indorfee or indorfees.

IV.	Provided always, That the bid bonds (hall not be nego- Boad* dot ne-

tiabie or transferable by indorfement after the twenty-fourth	b7 *5*

day	of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty two. ter

V.	Provided alfo. That nothing in this a& contained lhall i7t%.	*

extend, or be conlbrued to extend, to affedl any queftions or prarilb. difputes that have arifen, or may arife, between the different . partners of the faid company, known under the firm of

Heron, and Company.

V I. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That Bondi to be the aforefaid bonds of fifty pounds each, or upwards, lhall, not- perfonal withftanding the heretable bonds, and real wourity to be given eftatc* in trull, as aforefaid, be considered and taken and held to be perfonal or moveable ellates, and (hall belong to the executor or adminiftrator or perlonal representative, and not to the heir of the creditor, and may be difpofed of or tranfmitted to any perfon or perfons, by deed or will, in fuch and the fame manner as any other perfonal ellateis difpofed of or tranfmitted in Scotland or England', any law, cullom, or ufage, to the contrary not-withftanding. ■

VII.	And be it further ensiled and declared by the authority Publick aft, aforefaid. That this ad (hall be deemed, taken, and allowed, in all courts within England or Scotland, to be a publick ad; and (hall he judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftices, and other perfons, without Specially pleading the lame.

0 A P.

Digitized by boogie

Anno detimo quarto Georgii III. c. aa. [ 1774.'

CAP. XXII.

An to enable bis Majefty to grant unto major general Simon Frafer the lands and ejtatt of the late Simon lord Lovat, upon certain terms and conditions•

Preamble. \\7 H E R E A S by an aft, made in the twenty*fifth year of the

A& *5 Geo, *. V V reign of bis late majefty King George the Second, intituled9 An ad for annexing certain forfeited eftates in Scotland to the crown unalienably; and for making fatisfa&ion to the lawful creditors thereupon ; and to eftaWim a method for managing the fame, and applying the rents and proBts thereof, for the better civilizing and improving the highlands of Scotland, and preventing diforders there for tho future); all and every the lands, lordjbips, baronies, patronages, tytbes, falmon fifhings, and other like heritages and eftates what ever, which becameforfeited to bis jaid late Majefty by the attainder of Simon late lord Lovat, were unalienably annexed to the imperial crown of tbefe realms: and whereas, before the attainder of tbs faid Simon late lord Lovat, bis faid ejlate was fettled by a deed of entail, which coming to be tried before the court of feffion in Scotland^ the eft ate was determined to be forfeited by a majority of one voice, and that judgment was not appealed from: and whereas, in the year one tboufand /even hundred and forty feven, prof wns brought before parliament of the means ufed to involve Simon Frafer, el deft foil of the faid Simon late lord Lovat, in the late unnatural re-hellion, at a tender age; and the faid Simon Frafer, ever fince be was capable of afting for bimfelf, hath teftified bis loyalty to bis Majefty and the royal family, and proved the ftnfe he entertained of the excel-lence of the happy conftitution of this country, by declining to engage in the ferviee of a foreign fate, though deftitutc of any cflabUJhmcnt here; and by defeating bimfelf to the ferviee of bis country at the be* ginning of the late war; upon which ocoafion be raiftd, in a very fbort time, a large body of then, and commanded a regiment compofed of them, with which he ferved meritorioufly during the courfe of it; and was the firft who offered to Jet that example, which in its confequences, proved advantageous to the flat e, by calling forth from a corner of the kingdom, many tboufand foldiers, wbofe efforts to demonftrate their zeal and attachment to his Majefty s royal perfon and-government contributed to the glory and facet Isof that war: and whereas the faid Simon Frafer hath, in the courfe of his ferviee, attained the rank of major general in bis Majefty's army T and fince the peace hath been employed, by his Majefty's command, in the ferviee* of a power who ft alliance this country hath always deemed important: by all when bis cafe appears to be peculiarly diftinguifbed: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty, (upon the humble petition of the faid major general Simon Frafer), that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con* fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by die authority of the fame.

That

. Digitized by

Google

774-] Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 22.	349

That it (hall and may be lawful to his Majefty, his heirs and His Majefty, fucceflors, to give, grant, and chfpone unto the faid major ge- &c. may grant raeral Simon Frafer, his heirs and afligns, all and every the lands, gcneiS^mon lordlhips, baronies, patronages, tithes, falmon and other fifh- Frafer all the ings, and other like heritages and eftates whatever, which be-lahds, &c. came forfeited to his ft id late Majefty, by the attainder of the faid 'forfeited by Simon late lord Lovat y and which were annexed to the imperial ofVimon late crown of thefe realms, by the before-recited a& of the twenty- Lovat, fifth year of the reign of his faid fate Majefty, in the fame manner, and as fully and extenfively, to all intents and purpofes* as the fame, and every part and parcel thereof, were vefted in his faid late Majefty by the attainder of the faid Simon late lord Lovat, and the fame, and every part and parcel thereof, were held, enjoyed, and poffefled, by the faid Simon late lord Lovat, before hrs attainder; any thing in the laid before-recited adt of the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his faid late Majefty to the contrary notwithftanding! fubjedt always, neverthclefs, to, and but fubjedt to chargeable with, the payment to his Majefty, his heirs and fuc- t^cWjncn^0^ ceflors, of the fum of twenty thouftnd nine hundred eighty-three ftcrling with pounds and one penny fterling of principal money, together with intereft at 3 I. intereft for the fame, at the rate of three pounds fterling per Percent, at any centum per annum, the faid principal fum of twenty thoufand nine hundred eighty-three pounds and one penny fterling to be, and m a^# the fame is hereby declared to be payable unto his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, by the faid major general Simon Frafer, his heir9 and afligns, at any term of Whitfunday that the fame (hall be demanded after the term of Whitfunday that (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoOfaiid feven hundred and eighty-four, upon twelve months previous notice to be for that purpofe given, in writing, to the faid major general Simon Frafety his heirs or afligns; and the faid intereft to commence from the term of Whitfunday which fhall immediately follow the date of the afore-faid grant, andxto be paid annually afterwards to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, or to the receiver-general for the time being of t^e rents, revenues, and cafualties, belonging to the crown in Scotland, on behalf of his Majefty, his heirs and fuc-ceflors, at every following term of Whitfundayy To long as the aforefaid fum of twenty thoufand nine hundred eighty-three pounds and one penny fterling, of principal money, (hall continue and remain unpaid.

II., Provided always, and be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to, apd in the Major general power of, the faid major general Simon Frafer, his heirs and af- Frafer may figns, to make payment to his .Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, make payment or to the receiver-general aforefaid for the timd being, on behalf ^ ^ ,7" of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, of the aforefaid fum of any term after twenty thoufand nine hundred eighty-three pounds and one Whitfunday penny fterling, with fb much intereft thereof, at the rate afore- *774* faid, as (hall happen to be due at the time, at any term of Whit-fundayy after the term of Whitfunday which (hall be in the year	-

of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and feveaty-four; and '	thal

Digitized by

Google

1*

J50	Anno	decimo	quarto	Qeorgii	III. c. 22.	[1774.

and	that on fuch payment being made, the faid receiver-general for

er.gcneSlltr* thc timc hc'n6 have P°wcr an<* authority, and he is hereby may grant a inrtpowered, authorifed, and required, to execute, on behalf of full difchairge, his Majefty, his heirs and fucccflbrs, and to deliver to the laid according to major general Simon Fra/er, his heir9 and affigns, a full and am-iScot difchar8* and enunciation of the faid money, principal and j^m cot-	prepared	according	to the forms prefcribed by the law of

% #	Scotland, for difcharging and renouncing an heritable debt or in-

cumbrance upon a real eftate in that part of the united kingdom; and that the receipts or difcharges which lhall be from time to time given to the faid major general Simon Frafer> his heirs and affigns, by the faid receiver-general for the time being, on receiving payment of the intereft money above mentioned, and alfo the dilcharge and renunciation hereby directed and required to be executed and delivered by the faid, receiver-general for the time being, on receiving payment of the aforefaid principal money, and intereft thereof, due at the time of fuch payment, (hall be

?pod, valid, and fufticient acquittances, and a good, valid, and ufficient dilcharge and renunciation to the faid major general Simon Frafer% his heirs and affigns, in the fame manner, and as efFe&ually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the faid receipts, and the faid dilcharge and renunciation, had been granted by ixis Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors j any law or u&ge to the contrary notwithftanding.

of the mntbv	And	lt further enabled by the authority aforefeid, That

bis Majefty, * from and after the date of fuch grant fo to be made by his Ma«? the aft *5Geo. jefty, his heirs or fucceflors, of all and every the lands, lordftiips, »• with refpea baronies, patronages, tithes, falmon and other filhings, and the^Tate lord °^cr like heritages and eftates whatever, which became forfeited p>vat, to his faid late Majefty by the attainder of the faid Simon late lord repealed.	JLcvat, and vyhich were afterwards, by the before-recited ad of

the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his faid late Majefty, annexed to the imperial crown of thefe realms, the faid aCt of the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his faid late Majefty, fo far as it relates to the before-mentioned lands, lordftiips, baronies, patronages, tithes, falmon and other fiftiings, and other like heritages and eftates whatever, forfeited by the attainder of the laid Simon late lord Lovat^ and annexed as aforefaid, (hall be, and the fame is hereby repealed : and all and every the faid lands, lordlhips, baronies, tithes, falmon and other fiftiings, and other like heritages and eftates whatever, which became forfeited to his faid late Majefty by the attainder of the faid Simon late lord Lovat, lhall from thenceforth be difannexed from the imperial crown of thefe realms, in the fame manner, and as fully and effectually, as if the faid aCt of the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his faid late Majefty had never been made; any thing in the laid aCt to the contrary notwithftanding.

S,’thng foea to	having t0 and ev*rY perfon P^Jpn** bodies poli-

bodie*Cpoli- tick and corporate, his, her, and their heirs, fucceflors, execu-tick, £cT tors, and adminiftrators, (other than and except the King's moft excellent msyefty, his heirs and fqcceflors}, all fu^h 'eftates,

rights,

Digitized by Google

35*

*774-] Anno dcdmo tjuarto Georgii III. c. 23—25.

rights, titles, intends, claims, and demands, of, into, and out of, the lands and premifes to be granted as aforefaid, as they, every, or any of them, had before the palling this aft, or fliould or might have held or enjoyed, in cafe this aft had never been made.

CAP. XXIII,

An aft for amending, and rendering more effectual, fivml afts of parliament of the fixteenth and feventeenth, and twentv,fecond years of King Charles the Second, and of the eleventh year of his lace Majefty, for Chaining and preserving certain lands called Deeping Fens, in the county of Lincoln.

Preamble. Adventurers may take down and remove wharfs, buildings. Scc. ProViCb. Adventurers may purebafe wharfs. See. Guardians, &c. im powered to fell. Perfoas refufmg to treat, a jury to be fummoned. Jurors n>ay be challenged. Witneues may be fummoned and examined upon oath. Verdi&s of the jury to be filed with the clerk, of the peace. After fatbfa&ion is made, adventurers may proceed in the works. Ex-peaces of the jury how so be borne. What works are to be done by the adventurers. The new cut, to be made from the fea iluice to Vernat's Drain, (hall be carried in a parallel line with the river Welland. Earth taken out of new cut to be laid on each fide. Power of commiflionera of festers, refpefting the (hutting Podebole Sluice, &c. altered. Com-miflloners of lewers may order tunnels to be made in the banks, &c. Adventurers not to be anfwerable for damages occafioned by tunnels. See. Adventurers may pull down and rebuild Surfleet and Croft-gate Bridges. Gravel Dram, fcc. to be fcoured. The Sea Sluice and Ppde-hole Sluice, in the firft place, to be made and widened. The adventurers may regulate tunnels in the north weft fide of the rivers Welland and Glen. Proprietors of lands, gqardians, &c. may borrow money for the purpofes of this aft. The times of bolding annual meetings. Days for paying the taxes laid by the adventurers. Saving the rights of the com-miflionert of fewers. Prejudicing of the works made for improving certain fen lands lying between Baton Haven and Bourn, how to be prevented. Every perfon (hall account upon oath for the money received. See. if thereunto required. Expences of the aft how to be paid. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter feflions. Limitation of aftions. General iffoc. Treble cofts. Publick aft.

C A P. XXIV.

An aft for paving, repairing, lighting, and watching, the ftreets, and other publick paflages and places within that part of the parifh of Clerkenwell called Saint James's, and removing obftroftions and Annoyances therein; for widening the pafiage from Clerkenwell Green to the pariih church ; and for watching and lighting certain highways within the (aid parilh.

CAP. XXV.

An all for the more iffefinal preventing	and	,

by perfons employed in the woollen manufactory.

WHEREAS frauds are frequently	and	-	Preamble.

Hunts made, by perfons employed in the woollen manufactory. Particularly by their ferreting, felling, or otberwife illegally difpojing of, the working tools and materials they are intrujled , by the weavers taking the biers tut of the chains, and withholding part of the wetf or abb yarn delivered to them, and by the and fpemurs, embezzieing, part of the wool and yarn intrujled to them, and	alfo by damping,JUaming, Qwatering, the in

order

Digitized by

Google

35*	Anno	dccimo quarto Georgii III. c.25.	[1774;

order to mate up the deficiency in weight, occaponed by fiucb embezzlements, and alfo by taking off, picking, or cutting out the lift, parrel\ or other marks, of any piece or pieces of cloth, by means whereof the dothiers fuflain great damage and lofs: and whereas the * abtefes committed in the cloathing manufacture by perfons carrying, colliding, buying, and receiving, from the labourers employed in that manufacture, ends of yarn, wefts, thrumbs, Jhort yarn, and other refuft zf cloth, drugget, and other woollen goods, and goods mixed with woo!, have been found very detrimental^ to the faid manufactures; and the faid frauds and abufes are frequently carried on and committed f$ fecrttly, that the laws now in being are by no means fujficient to prevent the fame, whereby perfons employed in the faid manufacture are tempted and encouraged to embezzle, purloin, fecrete, fell, and detain, the goods and materials with which they are intrujled by the clothiers, and other woollen manufacturers, fo that the cloth made comes out defective in the fubftance, perfection, and excellence intended by the ilothier, to the diferedit of the manufacturer, and injury of the publick: and whereas it is apprehended fuch frauds and embezzlements would not be fo frequent if the detection and punifbment of the faid offences were made more eafy and certain: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enacted; and be it ena&ed by the King’s moff excellent majeftv, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritu^l ana temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of Perfons em- the fame. That if any picker, fcribbler, fpinner, ot weaver, or ployed in the other perfon or perfons whatfoever, who (hall be any-ways w??lJanma~ employed in or about the making or manufacturing of woollen

cloth, or in preparing materials for that purpoie, (hall not returningira- 7	„	r..r	.	.	r»	,	.

plements and return all working tools or implements, wool, yarn, chain, materials to w<5of, or abb, delivered out to be worked up and manufactured, their employ- and all fuch materials, as*aforefaid, wherewith he, (he, or they, er*>	(hall be intruded^ dr give a fatisfaeftory account touching tho

fame refpectively, to his, her, or their employer, when thereunto required by the perfon or perfons by whom he, (he, or they, (hall have been fo intruded, or by his, her, or their known clerk or fervant, or (hall fraudulently fteam, damp, or water the wool or yarn delivered to him, her, or them, to be or (hall cut or worked up; or if any perfon or perfons (hall take off, cut, or pick off the pick out, the lift, forrel, or other mark, of any piece of doth, f doth^n an<* ^ convi&ed of any fuch offence before fame juftice con^aion11	or juftices of the peace for the cdunty, diyifion, liberty, or

before a ju-	place, where the perfon or perfons fo offending (hall refide,

dice, „ either by the confeffion of the party or parties, or by the oath to be commit* or oaths of one or more credible witnefe of wimefles 5 ever/ ral f<da°ne	Per^on	coiwided	(hall be committed to the houfe of

snonth?r correction for the fpace of one calendar month,

Perfons ab- H* And be it further enadted, That if any perfon or perfons /bonding and fo employed, and who (hall have beerr entrufted with any tools, felling mate- implements, wool, yam, chain, woof, or abb, or other materials na“*	as aforefoid, (hall not have delivered or accounted for the (ame,

flail abfeond, or cannot be found, or (hall fell, or otherwife dif*

pofc

Digitized 6y Google

i 774-] Anno decrmo quarto Georgii III. c.25.	353

pole of the fame, or any other part thereof; or if any perfon or. or fraudulent-perfons (hall fraudulently buy or receive fuch tools, implements, *y buying or or materials, of any perfon fo employed or entrufted ; or if any	UC

perfon or perfons (hall be fufpe&ed of, and charged on, fuch 9 fufpicion with having embezzled and kept back, by means of fraudulently damping, (learning, or watering, the wool and yarn delivered out to him, her, or them; or with having fold, bought, or otherwife received the fame, or any part thereof, as* aforefaid, and oath (hall be made thereof refpediively before one of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the County, divifion, liberty, or place, where any fuch offence was committed; fuch Juftices may juft ice (hall thereupon blue his warrant to any conftable or idue warrants con (tables, or other peace officer or peace officers, to enter into and fearch, ;n the day-time, the place of dwelling or refidence c of fuch perfon or perfons fo offending, and alio fuch other houfe or place, houfes or places, of which the clothier, clerk, or fervant, as aforefaid, (hall make oath that he, (he, or they, have juft caufe to fufpedl, it appearing to the faid juftice to bo reafonable fufpicion that the faid working tools, or the faid materials, or fome part or parts thereof, to have been embezzled or kept back, fold, bought, or received, as aforefaid, may be fecreted and lodged: and if, upon fearch, any of the faid Conftable* working tools, wool, yarn, chain, woof, or abb, or any cloth maX klzc with the lift, fbrrel, or pther marks, taken off, cut, or picked ^g£r^c* ^ out, (hall be found, the faid conftable or conftables, peace pcrfoni”m officer or peace officers, (hall feize the fame, and apprehend the whofe cuftody perfon or perfons in whofe cuftody or pofleffion the fame (hall they are be found, and bring him, her, or them, before the fame, or f°und* fome other, of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the county, omc ,lUUCC# divifion, liberty, or place, aforefaid; and unlefs fuch perfon or perfons, in whofe cuftody the fame (hall be found, can give a good account how he, (he, or they, came by the fame, to the fatisfa&ion of fuch juftice or juftices; then, and in fuch cafe, fuch perfon or perfons (hall be thereof convidled, and fuffer fuch puniftiment as is herein-before directed to be inflidted on perfons not returning the tools or materials as aforefaid; and all fuch tools, wool, yard, chain, woof, or abb, or fuch cloth as aforefaid, fo feized, and not accounted for as aforefaid, (hall, upon fuch convidtion, be delivered over to the churchwardens or overfeers of the poor of the pari(h where the fame were feized, to be by them fold; and the monies arifing by fuch fale, after defraying the expcnces of fuch fale, (hall be applied to the ufe of the poor of the faid pari(h.

III. Provided always. That in cafe the perfon or perfons juftice to al-accufed (hall requeft of fuch juftice to appoint a reafonable time lo* a reafon-to produce the perfon or perfons or, or from whom, he, (he, or ab^.til?c they, bought or received the fame, or fome one or more credible parties?0* * witnefs or witnefles, to prove the fale or delivery thereof; then, and in fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid juftice, and he is hereby authorifed and required to appoint fuch rea-fonablc tune aa aforefaid* and to.iflue out a fumxnons to the

con* •

Digitized

ed by Google

354	Anno deciino quarto GeoRgii til. c. 25.	(1774.

conftable, or other peace officer, of the pari(h or place whet: N	fuch perfon or perfons, or fuch witncfs or witncflcs, (ha2

refpediively rcfide, requiring him, her, or them, to appear before fuch juftice, at fuch time and placets (hall be fo appointed by fuch juftice, in order to be examined and give evidence, on oath, of the feveral matters aforefaid; but fuch perfon or per-Ions, at the time of making fuch requeft, (hall enter into x recognizance, with or without furety or fureties, as fuch juftkt (hall think proper, for his, her, or their appearance before him at the time fo to be fct, or, for want of fuch recognisance as aforefaid, (hall be committed until the time that (hall be fo fct or appointed by the faid juftice for the appearance of fuch party or parties, witnefs or witneftes: and if at fuch appointed time fuch perfon or perfons (hall be convicted of any of the offences aforefaid ; then, and in fuch cafe, he, (he, or they, fhall fuffer fuch puni(hment as is herein-before directed to be inflidted on perfons not returning fuch tools or materials as aforefaid. Juftices, upon IV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, information That it (hall and may be lawful for any juftice or juftices, upon mafehm7 *nf°rmat*on made to him or them, on oath, by any credible tobefcarched* Per^on or perfons, that there is juft caufe to fufpedfc that any } ends of yarn, wefts, thrumbs, (hort yarn, or other refufe of cloth, drugget, or of other woollen1 goods, or of goods mixed with wool, (flocks and pinions only excepted,) have been col* le<5ted and received, and are lodged or concealed, in any dwell-ing-houfe, warehoufe, outhoufe, yard, or other place, by warrant under his hand and feal, to caufe every fuch dwelling-houfe, warehoufe, outhoufe, yard, and other place, to be fearch-and thefame ed in the day-time; and if fuch ends of yam, wefts, thrumbs, to be feized, (hort yarn, or other refufe of cloth, drugget, or other woollen toouPhH>e- B00^8* or g°°^s mixed with wool, (flocks and pinions only ex-foreThem. * cepted,) above the quantity of three pounds, (hall be found therein, to feize the fame; and alfo to caufe the perfon or perfons in whofe houfe, warehoufe, outhoufe, yard, or other place, the fame (hall be found, to be brought before him, or fome other juftice or juftices of the peace for the fame county, divi-fion, liberty, or place, and on proof being made thereof upon oath before fuch Juftice or juftices, that fuch ends of yam, wefts, thrumbs, (nort yam, or other refufe of cloth, drugget, woollen goods, or goods mixed with wool, (flocks and pinions only excepted,) were found in the dwelling-houfe, warehoufe, outhoufe, yard, or other place, of fuch perfon or perfons fo brought before fuch juftice or juftices, fuch perfon or perfons not exculpating, him, her, or themfelves, to the fatisfa&ion of fuch juftice or juftices, (hall thereupon fuffer fuch punilhment as is herein-before directed to be infii&ed on perfons not re* turning the tools or materials as aforefaid, and the materials fo found in the cuftody of fuch perfon or perfons (hall, by order of fuch juftice or juftices, be burnt, or otherwife deftroyed.

How offend- V. Provided always. That if, upon any information made cr*| oa a upon oath before any juftice or juftices againft any perfon or

Digitized by v^ooQle

1774-] Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 25.	355

pcrfons offending againff this ad, it (hall appear to fuch juffice cond offence, or juffices, that fuch perfon or pcrfons fo informed againff hath are to be pro-or have been already before convided of any offence againff cc*dedagainlb this ad; then, and in fuch cafe, fuchjuftice or juffices (hall not proceed to convid fuch offender or offenders, but (hall and may commit him, her, or them, to the houfe of corredipn, there to remain until the next general quarter feffion of the peace to be held in and for the faid county, divifion, liberty, or place, or until fuch offender or offenders (hall have entered into a recognizance, with fufficicnt fureties, to appear at fuch feffions, and then and there to abide the order of the juffices at fuch feffion ; and fuch juffice or juffices (lull and may bind over the informer to profecute the faid offender or offenders at the faid feffions, and the juffices at fuch feffions (hall then and there proceed to enquire into and determine the fame in a fummary way ; and if, upon fuch inquiry, fuch perfon or perfons (hall be found guilty of the faid offence, the faid juffices (hall, at their diferetion, commit fuch offender or offenders to the houfe of correCiion for any time they think proper to diredl, not exceeding three calendar months.

VI. Provided alfo. That if it (hall appear to the juffices, at their general quarter feffions, that fuch perfon or perlons hath, or have, already been convicted, at fome general quarter feffions, of any offence againff this aCl; then, and in fuch cafe, the faid juffices (hall, upon a like inquiry and conviChon, in a fummary way, direct the faid offender or offenders to be committed to the houfe of correction, for any time not exceeding fix calendar months, and alfo to be once publickly whipped ax fuch time and place as fuch juffices, at thtir faid quarter feffions, (hall direCh

VJI. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That if any Appeal may perfon or perfons (hall think him, her, or themfelves aggrieved, %be made to by the judgement of any juffice or juffices before whom he, (he, tf^c or they, (hall have been convicted of any of the offences afore- (jon^pV-faid, fuch perfon or perfons may appeal; and the faid juffice or fon« aggriev-juftices is and are hereby required to make known to fuch per- ed. fon or perfons, at the time of fuch conviction, his and their right under this aCt to appeal to the next general quarter feffions of the peace to be held for the county, liberty, diviuon, or place, where fuch conviction (hall be made, the perfon or perfons, at the time of fuch conviction, giving to fuch juffice or juffices notice in writing, fignifying his, her, or their intention to appeal, and alfo entering into a recognizance at the rime of fuch notice, with fufficient fureties conditioned to try fuch appeal, and to abide the judgement of, and pay fuch colts ns (hall be awarded by the juffices at fuch fefliens ; and the juffices at fuch feffions are hereby authorifed and required, upon due proof made of fuch notice, and of fuch recognizance being entered into, to hear and determine the matter of Hie faid appeal in a fummary way, and award cofts to the party or parties appealing or appealed againff, if the faid juffices (hall think #Vol, XXX.	Bb	pro-

Digitized by v^,ooQle

356	Anno	decimo quarto Georgii III. c. llT!±

proper; but if upon fuch hearing the judgement of the juftice or juftices, before whom fuch appellant mall have been convicted as aforefaid (hall be affirmed; then, and in fuch cafc,

, fuch appellant (hall fuffer fuch punifhment, in confequcncc of fuch conviction, as is herein-before directed to be inflicted on perfons not returning the tools or materials as aforefaid.

Form of con-	VIII. And be it further enacted, That the juftice or juftices,

vi&ion j before whom any offender (hall be convicted as aforefaid, (hall caufe the faid conviction to be made out in the manner and form following ; (that is to fay,)

BE it remembered, That on the	day if

in the year of cur Lori A. B. is convuled before me, (us)	of	bis	Alajefifs

jujlices of the peace in and for the county, divifion, liberty, or place, (as the cafe may be,) of having (here fpecify the offence, and the time and place where the fame was committed.) Given under my hand and feal5 or our hands and feals, (as the cafe may be,) the day and year aforefaid.

to be wrote IX. And be it further enacted. That the juftice or juftices, on parchment, before whom any offender (hall be convicted as aforefaid, (hall caufe the faid conviction to be fairly wrote over, upon parch-and returned ment; and alfo to be returned to the next general quarter to the next feflion of the peace to be held in and for the county, divifion, quarter (ef- liberty, or place, where fuch conviction was made, to be filed fiou.	by the clerk of the peace, and remain and be kept among the

records of the faiddeflions.

No proceed- X. Provided always. That no perfon or perfons (hall be pro-ings to be had ceeded againft for any of the offences againft this act, as afore-without in-	faid, unlefs information (hall be made thereof, upon oath, bc-

formation.	fore one or more juftice or juftices of the peace, for the county,

divifion, liberty, or place, where fuch offence (hall be committed, within three calendar months after fuch offence (hall be committed , and no order made, touching or concerning any of the matters in this act contained, or any proceedings to be had touching the conviction or convictions of any offender or of-- fenders agaifift this act, (hall be quaffied for want of form, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other writ or procefs whatfoever, into any of his MajeftyV courts of record at Wejlminjler.

C A P. XXVI.

An a 51 to allow the exportation of a limited quantity of wheat-meal or four, oats, oatmeal, grotts, barley, peafe, beans, malt, and bifeuit, to Hudfon’s Bay, in North America, for the benefit of the Hudfon’s Bay Company, and their fervants refiding there.

Preamble. Wf H E R E A S by an a5l, pajfed in the la/l fijfiGn of parka-A&isGco. 3. VV ment, intituled. An act to regulate the importation and *3 exportation of corn ; it was (amongft other things) ena5ied, That whenever the price of middling Britiih wheat, at any port or place

within

Digitized by

357

1774*] Anno decimo quarto GeoRGIIIII. c.26.

tOithin the kingdom of Great Britain, from whence the fame flmld be intended to be exported, Jbould appear to be at or above the price of forty-four fallings per quarter, fuch price being af endued in manner in the faid a 61 before mentioned, no perfon or per Jons whatfoever fbould, directly or indireBly, export, tranfport, carry, or convey, or caufe or procure fo to be, cut of or from any fuch port or place, or load cr lay on board, or caufe or procure to be laden or laid on board, in any Jbip or other vejfel, or boat, in 'order to be exported or carried out cf any fuch port or place, any Wheat, wheat-meal or flour, or malt, bread, bifcuit, or Jlarch made of wheat; and whenever the price of middling Britifh peafe,. or beans, or of middling Britifh barley, beer, or' bigg, or of middling Britifh oats,Jhould reJpeBively appear, at fuch port or place, to be at or above the feveral diflinB prices in the faid aft particularly mentioned, no perfon or perfons whatfoever Jbould, dire ft ly or indireBly, export, tranjport, carry, or convey, or caufe fo to be, or load or lay on board, in any Jbip, or other vejfel, or boat, in order to be exported or carried out of any fuch port or place, any peafe or beans, ground or unground, or any bread or bifcuit, made of peafe or beans refpeBively, or any barley, beer, or bigg, reJpeBively, or any oats, or oatmeal, or malt, bread, or bifcuit, made of oats, under the feveral penalties and forfeitures in the. faid aB particularly mentioned and infliBed: and whereas it is neceffary at all times to export wheat-meal or flour, oats, oatmeal, grotts, barley, pcaje, beans, malt, and bifcuit, to Hudfon’s Bay, in North America, for the benefit of the Hudfon’9 Bay Company, and their Jervants reflding there; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enabled; and be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament af-fembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after Not exceeding the palling of this adt, it (hall and may be lawful to fhip and »ooquarter»of export, from the port of London only, wheat-meal or flour, not exceeding, in the whole, two hundred quarters in any one year,”1 yeaV; and from the faid port of London only, oats, oatmeal, from the’port grotts, barley, peafe, beans, malt, and bifcuit, not exceeding of London ; together, in the whole, two hundred and fixty quarters in any and oats, oat-one year, to Hudfon’s Bay, in North America, for the benefit of mea*» grotts, the Hudfon’s Bay Company, and their fervants refilling there; bean^sMlt # • any thing in the faid adt to the contrary notwithftanding, fo as ancj bifou^t/ the exporter do, before the (hipping of fuch articles aforefaid to »6o quarter#, Hudjords Bay, in North America, enter into fuch or the like bond may be cx-or bonds, as are, by the faid recited adt of the lad feflion of par-	.

liament, diredted to be entered into by the exporters from the u ons port of London to the ifland of Saint Helena, of the particular fpecies and quantity of corn, grain, or flour, allowed by the faid adt to be exported to that ifland.

II.	Provided always, and be it enadted by the authority afore- fonofthe* faid. That when the exportation of the laid commodities, or comm0-any of them, (hall by the faid adt be permitted ; then, and in dities, no fuch cafe, no fuch bond (hall be required upon the exportation bond foall be to Hudfon’s Boy, or (ych of them as (hall be fo permitted. Ilnnl^inn011

Bb 2	*	III,	Pro-	p taUOtt*

Digitized by

Google

35*

Bounty when to be allowed on exporta' tion to Hud-fon’s Bay.

Continuance of the ad.

Preamble*

Anno declmo quarto Georgii IIL C. 27—32.	[	*774.

III.	Provided aifo, and be itenaded, That when any bounty {hall be allowed upon the exportation of the faid commodities, or any of them, the fame bounties (hall be allowed upon the exportation thereof to HudforCs Bay, under the regulation*, f>re-vifions, and reftridions, in the faid ad mentioned.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefakL That this ad (hall be in force during fuch time as the faid recited ad, paffed in the laft feffion of parliament, (hall have continuance.

CAP. XXVII.

An ad for fixing and regulating a publick irtarket and (hambles for the fale of meat within the town and borough of Swanfea, in the county of Glamorgan.

CAP. XXVIII.

An ad to continue an ad, made in the twenty-fecond year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one-fixth part of a penny Sterling, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer, which (hall be brewed for fale, brought into, tapped, or (bid, within the town of Kinghorn, and liberties thereof.

C A P. XXIX.

An ad for the better relief and employment of the poor within the paritfs of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the county of Mtddlefex; and foe building a worfehoufc, and for purchasing a piece of land for a burial ground, for the ufe of the faid Pariih.

x	C	A	P.	XXX.

An ad for providing a workhoufe, and for better governing, regulating, and maintaining the poor, within the Old Artillery Ground, in the liberty of the Tower of London 5 and for paving, deanfing, lighting, and watching, the ftreets, lanes, and other open, paflages and places within the fames and for preventing obitrudions and annoyance* therein.

CAP. XXXI.

An ad for repairing the highways and bridges in the county of Fife.

cap. xxxir.

An eft to enable the governor and company of the bank of Scotland to increafe the capital Jlock of the faid company.

WHEREAS by an ,afl of the parliament of Scotland, made in the year one thoufand fix hundred and ninety-five, (inti-tu/ef An ad for ere&ing a bank in Scotland;) a joint flock amounting to the fum of twelve hundred thoufand pounds Scots money, was ullevjed to be raifed by the company thereby efiablijhed for carrying on and managing a publick bank, and certain perfons, therein-mentionedj were authorifed to appoint a book for receiving the fub* ftriptions of fuch perfons as were willing to become adventurers, in the fid joint Jlockand by the faid afl it was declared, That one thoufand pounds Scots JJjould be toe lowefi, and twenty thoufand pounds Scots the highefl fum, which any one perfon Should be allowed v to fubferibe; and, by the faid aft it was alfo declared, That all and every the perfons, J'ubfcribing and paying to the faid Jlock as aforefaii*

Should

Digitized by

359

1774-1 Anno decimo quarto GeorGH III. c. 32.

Jbould be one body politick and corporate, by the name 0/The Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland, under which, name they Jbould have*perpetual fucceffion, and Jbould have a common feah9 and by the faid aft it was dire fled, that within three months after the aforefaid fubferiptions Jhould be ended, the perfom*in the faid aft named, or any two of them, Jhould appoint a certain day, and make due intimation of the fame, that fuch and fo many of the adventurer s, and none other, as Jbould each of them have fubferibed for one tboufand pounds, or upwards, in the faid book, of the joint Jlock, might eleft and chufe, by a majority of votes which were to be given, one vole for every one tboufand pounds flare of the Jlock, a fit perj'on of the Jubfcribers who had fubferibed for himfelf at leaf for eight thou-/and pounds, to be governor of the> faid bank; and another fit perfon of the fubferibers, who Jhoula have fubferibed for himfelf at leajl for fix tboufand pounds, to be deputy governor of the faid bank; and alfl twenty four other fit perfons, who Jhould have fubferibed, each of them for himjelf, at leajl for three tboufand pounds in the Jdid joint Jlock, to be direftors of the faid bank; and certain other rules and regulations were thereby preferibed for the better managing and ordering the affairs of the faid bank; and, in purfuance of the aforejaid aft, the /aid bank was foon after ejlabliflcd, and has ever fince continued: and whereas the faid bank has proved a national advantage, and it would greatly tend to the advamemtnt of commerce, and be otherwife highly beneficial and expedient, that the capital Jlock of the faid bank Jhould be tncreafed, fo as fuch new or ineneafed Jlock, together with the original Jlock of the faid bank, flail not exceed in the whole the fum of twenty four hundred tboufand pounds Scots moneyy or two hundred tboufand pounds Jlerling\ may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enadfced; and be it enadled by thd King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That A fubfcrip. within one month after the palling of this adl, or as foon after tion to be as may be, the court of ordinary diredtors of the faid bank (hall appoint a book to be opened, and kept at the office of the faid dubifafcapi.-bank of Scotland, for receiving fubferiptions for an additional ralof ioo,oooL capital or joint ftock, to the extent of twelve hundred tboufand fterling by tht pounds Scots, or one hundred thoufand pounds fterling money, P 5fenl pfo-and no more in which book, every perfon or perfons poffefled Pllctor*# of a (hare or (hares of the prefent capital ftock of the faid bank of Scotland, (hall be intitled to fubferibe for as much of the faid new or additional ftock, as he, (he, or they, (hall be pofleffed of, of the old or original ftock, at the time of his, her, or their fub-feribing, and no more; or for a lefler number of (hares thereof, if fuch perfon or perfons (hall fo think proper,

II, And, in order that no perfdn or perfons poffejfed of Jlock in the Proprietor# faid bank 0/Scotland may be deprived of the benefit hereby intended may ruble riba them, be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall be by. proxy, in the power of every proprietor of the prefent capital ftock of - v the faid company, by a writing under his, her, or their hands, to authorifc apy other perfon, he, (he, or they, (hall think

B b 3	proper.

Digitized by Google

Time limited for fubfeription.

How (hares unfubferibed for are to be difpofed of.

360	Anno	decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 31. C1774-

proper, to fubferibe for him, her, or them ; and the fubfcrip-tion of the perfon fo authorifed (hall be equally effeffuaJ, as if the proprietor, who gives fuch authority, had fubferibed widi his or her own hand.

III.	And be it further enabled, That the privilege and preference of fubferibing to the new or additional flock hereby given to the proprietors of the prefent capital flock of the £nd bank, (hall be limited to fix months from the time of opeoing the fubfeription book above mentioned ; and after the expiration of the faid term, in c^fe any (hare or fhares of the faid new or additional flock (hall not have been fubferibed for, the (aid fubfeription book (hall be (hut, and a genera] meeting of the proprietors called, upon fuch notice as a court of ordinary directors think fit \ at which meeting the (hare or (hares not fub-feribeji for, (hall be fold to the higheft bidder, provided fuch bidder be a proprietor of the prefent capital flock of the faid bank, or be authorifed and impowered to purchafe for a perfon who is a proprietor of the faid capital flock, by a writing under his, her, or their hands: and provided alfo. That the (hares b purchafed, when added to the (hares already held or fubferibed for by the perfon or perfoqs by whom, or for whofe ufe and benefit the laid new (hares are purchafed, do not, in the whole, exceed forty (hares, each (hare being always one thousand pounds Scots, of the faid capital flock.

IV.	And be it further enafted. That in cafe any premium or gain be received upon or by the faid fale or Ales, the fame (ball be applied for the benefit of the governor and company of the bank of Scotland; and that no proprietor (hall hold more than twenty (hares of the old flock, or more than forty (hares of the old aud new together.

V.	And be it further enacted, That if any (hare or (hares of arc not all (old, the new flock (hall not be fold at the faid general meeting of a fubfeription proprietors, then, and in that cafe, the fubfeription book (hall

be immediately again opened, and it (hall be in the power of any perfon, who is not already a proprietor, to fubferibe to the extent of forty (hares; but it (hall only be in the power of a perfon* who is already a proprietor, to fubferibe for fuch a number of (hares as, joined to thofe he, (he, or they, already hold or ftand bound for, do not exceed forty (^ares as afoiefaid.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That each and every proprietor of new flock (hall receive dividends upon the money, he, (lie, or they, (hall have paid in upon his, her, or their fubfeription, in the fame proportion as the proprietors of old flock receive dividends upon their (hares; that is to fay, if a proprietor of new flock has paid in one-tenth of his fubfeription, he (hall receive one-tenth of the fum which a proprietor of the fame quantity of old flock receives as a dividend, and fo on.

VII.	And be it further enacted. That no fubferiher of new flock (hall be intitled to draw any part of a dividend, either upon his old or new flock, until he has paid his. proportion of any call of flock that has been ordered by a majority of a gene-

• x' •	n\

Gaiq on fale* to be applied for the u(e of the bank. Proprietor* number of ihares ascertained.

If the (hare*

to be again opened

How proprietors of new flock ate to receive their dividends.

Ho proprietor of new Itoik to diaw a dividend till his call is paid in.

Digitized by v^»ooQle

1774-1 Anno decimo quarto GeoRGH III. c.32.	36^

ral meeting of proprietors; and each fubfcriber of new (lock failing to pay his proportion of fuch call, (hall be charged with the legal intereft upon it until the fame be paid, and (hall have no vote at elections or general meetings while the fame remains unpaid.

VIII.	And it is hereby enabled, That a certificate under the Court offer,

hand of the accomptant of the faid bank, certifying that a call f,or* to iffoc or calls has not been paid by any of the perfons who have fub-	1°fa

fcribed themfelves to the faid new (lock, or by any of the per- gainlTjLribns fons for whom any other perfon, impowered as aforefaid, has Failing to ray iubfcribed to the faid (lock, (hall, when produced with this aft their calls* to the#court of feilion, be a lufficient warrant to the faid court

for ifluing letters of horning againft fuch perfon or perfons for *he call or calls unpaid by them, at the inftance or fuit of the treafurer of the faid bank.

IX.	And be it further enafted, That after the additional Qualification capital has been completed by fubfcriptions or purchafes, as ot governor, above direfted, no proprietor (hall be elefted governor, unlefs &c-

he has, upon the original and new (lock together, paid in the fum of fixreen thousand pounds Scots; nor deputy governor, unlefs he has, upon the original and new flock together, paid in twelve thoufand pounds Scots; nor direftor, unlefs he has, upon the original and new flock together, paid in fix thoufimd pounds Scots.

X.	And be it further enafted. That after the faid additional Qualification capital has been completed by fubfcriptions or purchafes, as a- ot voters, bove direfted, no proprietor (hall be intitled to give his vote in

the eleftion of a governor, deputy governor, or direftors, or in ^ny queftion, in any general meeting, who is not poflefled of two thoufand pounds Scots of old or new flock, or old and new flock together, and who has not aftually paid in the faid two thoufand pounds: and that every proprietor (hall have a vote for each two thoufand pounds which he has aftually paid in: provided always. That no proprietor (hall ever be intitled to more than twenty votes.

XI.	And it is hereby provided and declared. That fix-tenths After May 15, of the additional capital to be fubferibed for or purchafed, in *7H> fix-manner above mentioned, (hall be aftually paid in by the fub- ^ddhiouaUa feribers or purchafers within the fpace of three years from and pitaV^fcribl after the fifteenth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and cd for to be

* feventy-four, and that by fuch proportions, and at fuch times, paid within within the faid three years, as (hall be ordered by a majority 0f three years, a general meeting or meetings of proprietors; and that the remaining four-tenths (hall be paid in at fuch times, and by fuch proportions, as (hall be ordered by a majority of a general meeting or meetings of proprietors: provided always. That nothing herein contained (hall prevent a majority of a general meeting or meetings of proprietors to call for the whole, or any part of the additional capital, at fuch time or times, within the faid period of three years, from and after the faid fifteenth day of Afay, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four, as to them (hall feem p roper.

'Bb4

XII. And

Digitized by VjOOQLc

162	Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c.32.	[1774*

Proprietors, XIL And be it enaded by the authority aforcfaid. That it after theca- (hall be in the power of every fuch fubfcriber or fubfcribers, pital is com- purchafer or purchafers, after the faid capital has been comple-pay^he^hule tec^> 38 above directed, to pay in the whole, but not a part of ot their fub- the (um, he, (he, pr they, has or have fubfcribed or purchafod, fcriptions be- although the fame (hall not have been called for by a general fore May 15, meeting, provided that fuch payment be made by him, her, or *775'	them,	between	and	the	fifteenth day of May, whicli will be in

the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fevenry-five; ind, upon fuch payment being fo made, with the legal jntereft of the (ame, from the day of the yearly balancing of the bank’s books, immediately preceding the payment, he, (he, or they, making fuch payment,* (hall be intitled to a (hare of the profits accruing to the bank, and be fubjetft to a (bare of the lofk * that may arife to it, from and after the aforefaid yearly balancing, immediately preceding fuch payment, in proportion to the 3	(hare	or (bares fo fubfcribed for and paid in by him, her, or

them; and he, (he, or they, (hall thereupon be intitled to votes in the proportions before mentioned ; and he (hall be intitled to he elected governor, deputy governor, or director, if the fums paid in by him be of the extent above required to qualify him for thefe offices.

Manner pf	XIII. And whereas the faid aft of the Scotch parliament, made

chufmg go-	\n the year one thoufand fix hundred and ninety-five, has not been fuf-

ficiently explicit in laying down a particular mode of elefting the go-'	9	vermr,	deputy governor, and direftors, to be annually chofen j and it

has been the praftice for the proprietors to fend figned lifts to the direftors of the perfons they intended to vote for, and for the direftors to report to a fubfequent general meeting the perfons chofen by the majority : and whereas, tnftead of chuftng twenty-four direftors, in terms of the aforefaid aft, it has been the praftice, in confcquence of a rcfolution of a general meeting of the proprietors, held on the twelfth day of June, one thoufand fix hundred and ninety-fix, to chufe twelve ordinary direftors, and twelve extraordinary direftors, which lajl only give their affiance on certain occaftons ; be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That in time to come, a general meeting of the proprietors (hall be held annually, on the lad Tuefday of March, for the purpofe of chufing a governor, deputy governor, twelve ordinary, afid twelve extraordinary directors; and that every proprietor, prefeni at that general* meeting, (hall give in to the governor, or deputy governor, or fuch of the directors for the preceding year as are then prefqnt, a lift, containing the names of the perfons for whom he or flic means to vote into thefe refpeiftivc offices.

Row intima- XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, tion of annual That regular intimation (hall be made in the news-papers, call-be^Vvtnfor°	Edinburgh Evening Qourant, and Caledonian Mercury, of

clcriijn of the day upon which the annual general meeting for the election governor, See. of the governor, deputy governor, and directors, is to be held at Jeaft thirty days before fuch annual general meeting.

XV.	Audi in order that thefe proprietors who cannot attend pfr-

fWullj

Digitized by VjOOQle

1774.] Anno decimo quarto GeoRGII III. c. 32.

fondly may not be deprived of the right to vote in fuch election, be it alfo hereby further ena&ed, That all fuch proprietors (hall be allowed to fend lifts of the pcrfons whom they mean to vote into the faid refpeCtive offices, which lift, if holograph, of the proprietor cr proprietors by whom they are fent, or figned by fuch proprietor or proprietors before two or more credible wit* neffes, and addreffcd to the governor, deputy governor, and directors of the bank, of Scotland, (hall be equally effectual as if the figners of them were perfonally prefent: and the lifts being fo given in, the governor, deputy governor, and directors, of the preceding year, or fuch of them as are prefent, (hall immediately proceed to inveftigate the lifts in prefence of the meeting ; and fhafl report, to that meeting, the names of the perfons who appear to be eledted, by the majority of votes into the faid refpedtive offices of governor* deputy governor, and directors,

* ordinary and extraordinary,

XVI.	Provided always, That every perfon claiming a right to vote in fuch election, or to vote in any general meeting of the faid bank, (hall be obliged to, and do take the following oath j videlicet,

363

Proprietors may fend lifts of perfom they intend for offices.

Perfons claiming to vote at elections to take the following oath.

I A. B. do [wear, (or being one of the people called Quakers, do folemnly affirm,) That the	/hares	of	the

iapital flock of the.body politick, called The Governor arid Company of the Bank of Scotland, now /landing in my name, belong to in my own right) and not in tiujl for any perfon or perfons wbatfoyier.

So help me GOD.

Which oath (hall and may be adminiftered by the governor, or deputy governor, for the preceding year, or (in the abfence of the faid governor, and deputy governor,) by any one of the directors {Wen prefent $ and that no perfon refufing to take fuch oath (hall be capable to vote at fuch general meetings of the faid company: and provided always, That all and every the propri- Proprietors, ctors, who cannot attend the general meeting for the election who cannot of governor* deputy governor, and directors, and (hall, on that att tc\ account, fend figned'lifts, in manner above allowed, (hall makema*coauu oath before one of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace of Great ,

Britain or Ireland, or the chief magiftrate of any city or borough within Great Britain or Ireland’, where fuch perfon refides for the time, that the (hares of the capital flock of the body politick, called The Governor and company of the Bank of Scotland, (landing then in his name, doth belong to him in his own right, and not in truft for any perfon or perfons whatfoever; which affidavit, figned by fuch perfon, and certified under the hand of the juftice of peace or chief magiftrate before whom it is made,

(hall be tranfmitted to the governor, deputy governor, and directors, of the faid bank, along with his or her figned lift.

XVII.	And it is hereby provided and declared, That the faid The a& in

jtft of the Scots parliament, in the year one thoufand fix hundred t69.s> .t0 *:e-

*	4	^ncj	mam	in	force,

Digitized by

Google

except fo far as is altered by this aft.

Public ?£t.

Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. C. 33, 34. [1774.’

and ninety-five, fhall remain in full force as to every particular, excepting in fo far as the fame is altered by this a<ft, and {hall operate with regard to the new flock, in the fame manner it does upon the old flock.

XVIII.	And, laftly, be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That this aft fhall be deemed a publick a<5l; and fhafl be judicially taken notice of by all judges, juflices, and others whatio-pver, without fjpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. XXXIII.

An aft for dividing and inclofmg the open fields, meadows, Hinted common paltures, and other common and waile lands and grounds, in tfoe parifh of Tetney, in the county of Lincoln j and for draining and improving part of £he faid parifh.

CAP. XXXIV.

An aft for granting further time to the united compmp of merchants of England, trading to the Eaft Indies, to exprife to fale the fingU and bohea teat remaining in their warehouses unfioldy on the fifth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and feveniy Jour 1 *	and	for	allowing	the drawbacks qn the exportation of fucb teas.

Preamble. TTTHEREAS by fiveral afts of parliament now in force, for V V granting9 continuing, and better je curing the duties payable ad valorem upon unrated Eaft India goodSy and for afcertaining the values thereof according to which fuch duties Jhallbe pndy the importer or importers thereof are to give fecurityy by bondy for payment of the faid dutt'Sy according to the real values of the faid goods, to be afar-tained according to the rejpeftive a bis of parliament in that behalf piade (except coffee), as Joon as the fqid goods Jball be fold; and offs for cxpofing the faid goods to fale openly and fairly by ivay of auftisny or by inch of candle, within the city of London, within the time cf ' three years after the importation thereof: and whereas the quantity of finglo and bohea teas imported by the united company of merchants of England, trading to the Eaft Indies, and which remained in their warehoufes unfold on the fifth day of Aprjl, one thoufand firven bun-dred and feventyfour, is greater than car] be expelled to be fold by the faid company y within the term of three years Jo limited for that pur-pofe, to be computed from the refpeftive times of the importation of fuch teasy and it is necffqry that feme further time fnould be granted to the faid company to put their faid teas up to fale: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enacled by the King’s moft excellent majeftv, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the The E India fame, That for fuch of the faid finglo teas as are at prefent im-Company may ported, and which remained unfold on the fifth day of Aprilr expofe to fale onc thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four, the laid united in^o^ha^idon comPany may at an? time within the fpace of five years, to be Ap*ji 5,17;*. computed from the importation thereof, and for fuch of the faid bohea teas as are at prefent imported, and which remained un-. fold on the (aid fifth day of Aprils one thoufand feven hundred

and

1774-1 Anno decimo quarto Georgii III, c. 35.	3$5

and feventy-four, the faid united company may, at any time within the fpace of four years, to be computed from the importation thereof, expofe fuch refpe<ftive teas to fale; and, after fuch fale or fales, there (hall be allowed the like difcounts on payments of the refpedtive Doties on fuch teas, as if the fame nad been expofed to fale vyjthjn the term of three years before mentioned, or any other time heretofore limited by law $ any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding.

II.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That During the for and during the faid refpe&ive times of five years and four ^Cf ^fiv® years, to be computed as aforefaid, there (hall be drawn badk years^afiew-and allowed for all the faid teas as (hall be exported from this ing the draw* kingdom as merchandife to Ireland, or any of the Britijh colonies backs to Ire-pr plantations in America, to the exporter or exporters thereof, landandAme* fuch and the fame drawbacks or allowances, and under fucnlca* rules, regulations, fecurities, penalties, and forfeitures, as fuch exporter or exporters would have been intitled to, in cafe fuch

teas had been exported within the faid term of three years 5 any Jaw, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding.

III.	Provided always, and be it further cnadted by the autho~ w rity aforefaid. That if the faid united company of merchants ofThe un*te® England, trading to the Eajl Indies, (hall, at anytime negledl to

keep the market fupplied with a fufficient quantity of tea at rea- ket fuppl ed in fonable prices to anfwer the confumption thereof in Great Bri~ Great Britain, tain% it (hall and may be lawful to and for the commifiioners of with tea* the treafury, or any two or more of them, or the lord high trea- or thc lrea_ furer for the time being, to grant licences to any other perfon or fury may or-perfons, body or bodies politick or corporate, to import into derlather _ Great Britain, from any parts of Europe, in fuch and the likg manner, and fubjedl to fuch duties, and under fuch reftridfions P°r ®	^

»nd limitations, and upon fuch notices, and with fuch licences, as are, by any a61 or a<fts now in force, preferibed and directed with refpetft to tea to be imported from any parts of Europe by . the faid united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies; any thing in this adl contained tq the contrary thcre-pf in any yrife notwithftanding.

CAP. XXXV.

An a& to enable the commiflioners for executing the office of treafurer of bis Majefty's exchequer, or the lord high treasurer for the time beiftg, to compound certain debts due to his Majefty, and affecting the eftates heretofore of Charles Mafon, Efquire, deceafed, in the counties of Monrgomery and Salop; and, upon payment of fuch compofition, to difeharge and exonerate the faid eftates therefrom.

Preamble. Lord high treafurer may compound with the earl of Powis,

&c. for a debt due bv Charles Mafon to the crown. After payment of inoney fo compounded for, earl of Powis, &c. rtleafed of Charles Mafbn’s debts to the crown.	^

CAP.

Digitized by Google

3 66	Anno derirno quarto GeoRGII III. C. 36.	£1774.

CAP. XXXVI.

An aft to explain and amend an aft, made in the thirteenth year tj his prefent Majefty9 s reign > intituled, An aft to explain, amend, and reduce into one aft of parliament, the general laws now in being for regulating the turnpike roads in that part of Great Britain called England, arid for other purpofes; fo far as the fame relates to the continuing and granting an additional term sf j five years to afts made for amending turnpike roads•

Preamble. *1 j| 7HEREAS by an aft, made in the twenty-eighth year:/ Aft aSGco. 2. yy the reign of his majefy King George the Second, (intituled. An aft to amend an aft, made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An ait for the amendment and prefervaticn of the publitk highways and turnpike roads cf this kingdom; and for the more effectual execution of the laws relating thereto;) it was, among/! other things, enabled, for the encouragement of broad wheels, that all carriages having the fellies of the wheels of the breadth of nine inches, Jbould pafs through all turnpike-gates with-out paying any toll, for three years: and whereas, in order to male recompsnce to the creditors upon the tolls of fucb gates, for any diminution of toll that might arife by fucb exemption, it was further enabled, "That every aft of parliament, made in that feffion, or theretofore, for repairing and amending turnpike roads, Jbould be continued for five years, to be computed from the expiration of every fucb aft, fubjeft to the tolls, duties, penalties, forfeitures, remedies, powers, authorities, elaufes, rules, directions, payments, and provifons, by fucb '	afts refpeftively made and enabled: and whereas by one other aft, made

in the feventb year of the reign $f his prefent Majefty, (intituled, An aft to explain, amend, and reduce into one aft of parliament, the general laws now in being for regulating the turnpike roads of this kingdom, and for other purpofes therein mentioned,) thefaid aft of the twenty- eighth year of his late Majefty, exceptfo much thereofas continued the afts then made for repairing and amending turnpike roads, fubjeft to the tolls and duties by fuch afts rej'peftivdy granted, was repealed: and whereas by one other aft, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of bis prefent Majefty, (intituled, An aft to explain, a-mend, and reduce into one aft of parliament, the general laws now in being for regulating the turnpike roads in that partiof Great Britain called England', and for other purpofes,) the faid aft of the feve nth year of his prefent Majefty, except fo much thereof as repeated the fiver al afts therein mentioned, was alfo repealed: and whereas doubts have ar fieri, whether the faid laft-mentioned aft, madg in the thirteenth year of his prefent Majefty, by repealing the faid aft ‘ of the f venth year of his prefent Majefty, in the manner aforefaid, hath not virtually repealed that part of the aft of the twenty-eighth \year of his late Moje/Jy, which continued the faid turnpike afts for five years; in order therefore to obviate all fuch doubts, and to enjorce the find provifion for continuing the faid turnpike afts, as contained in the faid aft of the twenty-eighth year of his late Majefty9s reign; be it cnafted by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the

advice

Digitized by (^.ooQle

I774‘] Anno deciftid quarto GeoHoii III. 0.37,-39.	3S7

advice and confent of the lords-fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the provifion made by the faid a6t of the Provifion* of twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late Majefty* for conti- ^	*•

nuing the feveral a<5ts, made for repairing and amending turn- tornpike”^ pike roads for five years, (hall be and continue in full force, and roads for five be as effectual, to all intents and purpofes, as the fame could, years, conti-might, or ought to have been, if the faid adts of the feventh and nuc<1* thirteenth years of his prefent Majefty’s reign, or either of them, bad not been made; any thing in thofe aftsj or in either of them, contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

II. And be it further enaded. That all and every perfon and Perfons who perfons, who hath or have received, or (hall hereafter receive, have or (hall any tolls, or other duties, at any turnpike or toll-gate; or who ^any turn!, hath a&ed, or (hall hereafter adt, in any other refpect under the p,ke by the authority of, and in execution of any of the powers of any aft aforefaid ad or ads of parliament fo continued, or intended to be continued, indemnified, by the faid recited ad of the twenty eighth year of his late Ma- &c* jefty, (hall be, and is and are hereby indemnified for what he, fhe, or they, have fo received or done, or for what he or they ihall receive, or do by virtue thereof.

CAP. XXXVII.

An .ad for allowing further time for inrolment of deeds and wills made by p&pifts, and for relief of proteftant purchafers.

Preamble. Ad % Geo. i. Deeds and wills of papifts, &c. fince Sept. *9, 1717, to be good in law, if inrolled before Jan. 1, 1775. Not to extend to deeds whereof advantage (hall be taken before March z, 1774.. Not to prejudice purchafes made by proteftants, See. Nothing herein to extend to make good any grant, leafe, See* made by any papilt, &c.

C A P. XXXVIII.

An ad for paving, repairing, cleanfing, and lighting, the ftreets and lanea in the city of Hereford, and fuburbs thereof, and removing nuifances and annoyances therein, and for creating a fund towards the expences thereof, by inclofing divers wafte grounds within the liberties of the laid city, and for the better application of charity*money for fetting the poor people of the faid City to work, and to enable bodies corporate to alienate their houfes and lands within the faid city.

CAP. XXXIX.

£n afl for the impartial adminiftration of jujiice in the cafes of perfons queflionedfor any afts done by them in the execution of the lawy or for the fupprejfm of riots and tumults, in the province of the Maflachufet’s Bay, in New England.

WHEREAS in his Majcfys province of Maflachufefs Bay, in New England, an attempt hath lately been made to throw off the authority of the parliament of Great Britain over the faid province, and an a flual and avowed refinance, by open forcey to the execution of certain atts of parliament, hath been fuffered to take place, uncontrouled and unpunijbedy in defiance of his Majefifs authority^ and to the utter fubverfion of all lawful government: and whereas, in the prefent diforderedfate of the faid province, it is of the

utmoji

Preamble*

Digitized by

Google

1

368	Anno	decimo	quarto	Georgii III. c. 39.	£*7j£

ulmojl importance to the general welfare thereof and to the re-efa-blijhment of lawful authority throughout the fame, that neither the magif rates a fling in fupport of the laws, nor any of his Majeftjs fubjcfls aiding and ajfifltng them therein, or in the fuppreffon of riots and tumults, rafed in oppofition to the execution of the laws andfs-tutes of this realm, Jhould be difcouraged from the proper difcharge cf 1	their duty, by an apprehenfson, that in cafe of their being quefiiuui

for any afls done therein, they may be liable to be brought to trial for the fame before perjons who do not acknowledge the validity of the laws, in the execution thereof or the authority of the magijlrate rH the 1	J'upport 'of whom, J'uch afls had been done: in order therefore to remove

every fuch difcouragement from the minds of bis Majefy’s fubjefls, and to induce them, upon all proper occaftons, to exert them fives is, fupport of the public peace of the province, and of the authority of the King and parliament of Great Britain over the fame\ be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and .	confent	of the lords fpfritual and temporal, and commons, in

' this prelent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the How indi&- fame, That if any inquifition or indi&ment fhall be found, or menu again ft if any appeal (hall be fued or preferred againft any perfon, for andg fthatC8f mur^lcr> or other capital offence, in the province of the Mcf capital 0Ffachuft's Bay, and it (hall appear, by information given upon fences, in the oath to the governor, or, in his abfence, to the lieutenant-go-execution of vernor of the faid province, that the faCt was committed by the their duty, perfon againft whom fuch inquifition or indictment (hall be may e trie .	or againft whom fuch appeal fhall be fucd or perferred,

as aforefaid, either in the execution of his duty as a magiftrate, for the fupprelfion of riots, or in the fupport of the laws of revenue, or in aCting in his duty as an officer of revenue, or in aCting under the direction and order of any magiftrate, for the fupprfcflion of riots, or for the carrying into effeCt the laws of revenue, or in aiding and affifting in any of the cafes aforefaid ; arid if it (hall alfo appear, to the fatisfaCtion of the faid governor, or lieutenant-governor refpeCUyely, that an indifferent trial cannot be had within the faid province, in that cafe, it fhall and may be lawful for the governor, or lieutenant-governor, to di-red, with the advice and confent of the council, that the in-quifition, indiClment, or appeal, fhall be tried in fome other of his Majefty’s colonies, or in Great Britain; and for that pur-pofe, to order the perfon againft whom fuch inquifition or indictment fhall be found, or againft whom fuch appeal fhall be fued or preferred, as aforefaid, to be fent, under fufficient cuf-tody, to the place appointed for his trial, or to admit fuch perfon to bail, taking a recognizance, (which the faid governor, or, in his abfence, the lieutenant-governor, is hereby authorifed to take), from fuch perfon, with fufficient furerics, to be approved of by the faid governor, or, in his abfence, the lieutenant-governor, in fuch fums of money as the fuid governor, or, in his abfence, the lieutenant-governor, fhall deem reaion-able, for the perfonaJ appearance of fuch perfon, if the trial (hall be appointed to be had in any other colony, before the go-.

vernor,

Digitized by v^.ooQle

r» 774-3 Anno decimo quarto Georgii til. c. 39.	369

irernor, or lieutenant-governor, or commander in chief of fuch colony; and if the trial (hall be appointed to be had in Great Britain, then before his Majefty’s court of King's Bench, at a time to be mentioned in fuch recognizances; and the governoj*, or lieutenant-governor, or commander in chief of the colony where fuch trial (hall be appointed to be had, or court of King's Bench, where the trial is appointed to be had in Great Britain, upon the appearance of fuch perfon, according to fuch recognizance, or in cuftody, (hall either commit fuch perfon, or admit him to bail, until fuch trial; and which the faid governor, or lieutenant-governor, or commander in chief, and court of King's Bench, are hereby authorifed and impowered to do.

II.	And, to prevent a failure of jujlice, from the want of evidence Governor to

on the trial of any fuch inquifition, indictment or appeal, be it further bind in recog-enaded, That the governor, or, in his abfence, the lieutenant-	hl#

governor, (hall, and he is hereby authorifed and required, to bind witncHcs the in recognizances to his Majefty all fuch witnefles as the profe- profccutor cutor or perfon againft whom fuch inquifition or indidment (hall defire to be found, or appeal fued or preferred, (hall defire to attend the

trial of the faid inquifition, indidment, or appeal, for their per- .* fonal appearance, at the time and place of fuch trial, to give evidence : and the faid governor, or in his abfence, the lieute- And fhallap-nant-governor, (hall thereupon appoint a reafonable fum to be Poin*a ^ca“ allowed for the expcnces of every fuch witnefs, and (hall there- fo”athe ex™ upon give to each witnefs a certificate, in writing, under his pence* of eve-hand and feal, that fuch witnefs has entered into a recognizance ry witnefs, to give evidence, and fpecifying the fum allowed for his expences ; the f0*’ and thf colledor and collectors of the cuftoms, or one of them, cultom^are to within the faid province, upon the delivery of fuch certificate, p3y. are, and is hereby authorifed and required, forthwith to pay to fuch witnefs the fum fpecified therein for his expences.

III.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That Witnefles to all profecutors and witnefles, who (hall be under recognizances 3^ arrefts<dur to appear in any of his Majefty's colonies in America, or in Great fng^hci^jour-Britain, in pursuance of this ad? (hall be free from all arrefts ncy to any and reftraints, in any adion or fuit to be commenced againft them colony, &c. during their going to fuch colony, or coming to Great Britain,

and their neceflary flay and abiding there, on occafion of fuch profecutiqn, and returning again to the faid province of the Maffachuffet's Bay.

IV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That Perfon*

ail and every his Majefty’s jufticcs of the peace, and other juf- brought be-tices and coroners, before whom any perfon (hall be brought, accufed, charged with murther, or other capital crime, where it (hall ap- of any capital pear by proof, on oath, to fuch juftices or coroners, that the crime in the fad was committed by fuch perfon, either in the execution of	°f0

his duty as a magiftrate, for the fuppreflion of riots, or in the b/admUted° fupport of the laws of revenue, or in ading in his duty as an to bail, officer of revenue, or in ading under the diredion and order of any magiftrate, for the fuppreflion .of riots, or for the carrying into effect the laws of revenue, or in aiding and aflifting in any 1	of

Digitized by v^,ooQle

other colony, judices to podponc their trial, &c.

370	Anno dedmo quarto Georgii III. c,

of the cafes aforefaid, are hereby authorifecTancl rcQgIrcd ta>Jt ' ’mit every.fuchperfbn fo brought bgfbHra faid, to bar!; any law, cuftom, or ufaj^ in any-wflenotwifhftlmdihg/*'	v

Where per- V, AiM'be ft fiifthfcr enact e^Ttiy the it Tons are found where it (half be made appear folKb^ruc! to have com- court5 within the faid pfovtnee of MJj/a/fctPi. . an^defire^o** f°n> ag^infl whom any itiquffition or incfrcftffM be tried in an- or appeal fued or preferred for mnfther, of that the fa& was committed by fuch perfori cutionof his duty‘as a magiftrate, forfhe fuppfefhbn in the fupport of the Iatfs of revenue, or in	iff	fity

as an officer bf revenue, 6r in acting under the dfr<^i^n>ahd order of any magiflrafe, for the fuppreffion of riots, or for fhe carrying into effect the laws of revenue, or m aiding arjd afflftlngm any of the cafes aforefaid, and that he intends to m'aUe ;ygpT?ca-tion to the governor, or lieutenant-governor of the fajg Jttgr vince^ that fnch inquifition, indi&mcnt, or appeal,*n5ny be mra in fome other of his Majcfty’s colonies, or in Gr:a( 'BritaHi^ faid judges brjuftices are hereby authorifed and required*'to aa-journ of poftpone the trial of fuch inquifition, indictmept, or appeal, for a reafonable time, and admit the perfon tp bai£ in order that he may make application to the governor, of licjijc-nant-governor, for the purpofe aforefaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the govern	iqbls

" w

limit jtfec

nordirttfs the abfence, the lieutenant governor, if he fhall direct fhe trial to be in be had in any other of his Majefty’s colonies, (lull txanfouL fony^he^s^o inquifition, indictment, or appeal, together withjecopuz^nevs tranfmit the of the witnefles, and other recognizances, under the |eaf of the inquifition,&c. province, to the governor, or lieutenant*governor, or, coai-to the com- mander in chief of fuch other colony, who (half immediately chief C-f 10 ^ue a comtniflion of Oyer and Terminer, and deliver, or; cable who is imme- to be delivered, the faid inquifition, inditment, or appeal. With diately to deli- the faid recognizances to the chief juftice, and fuch other per-ver fiich in- fons as have ufually been commiffioners of Oyer and Terminer, to*thechWC* ju^ces °f affizc, or general gaol delivery there; who (hall have juftice, &c. power to proceed upon the feid inquifition, indictment, or ap-who (hall be peal, as if the fame had been returned, fdurtd, or preferrttfjje^ impowered to fore them; and the trial (hall thereupon proceed in TifcO ?uch<inqu^n ner>t0 *ntcnts and purpofes, as if the offence had beefi Cfgpp-tion, See. * mitted in fuch place : and in cafe the governor, ,pr, in If the gover- fence, the lieutenant-governor, (hall direct the trial to be Jiewft nor directs the Great Britain, he (hall then tranfmit the inquifition; intWfeJ G r eat °B retain ment> or appeal, together with the recognizances; oMHb‘W£ he is to tranf-* neffes, and other recognizances, under the feal of the mit the mdi<t- to one ot Majefty’s principal fecretaries of ftate, who (hali<lc!jVtiF^ or caufe to be delivered, the fame, to the mafler of office, to be filed of record in the courr of King's Bench fid rHP inquifition, indictment, or appeal, (hall be tried and proceeded upon, in the next term, or at fuch other time as the court (hall appoint, at the bar of the court of King's Bench, in lifcq rryuiner,

to

roent, &c. to one of the fecretaries ot date, Sc c.

Digitized by v^,ooQle

m

1774.3	Anno dcrimo quarto Georgii III. c.40*

ro aU intents and purpofes, as if the offence had been committed in the cosmty ai Middlifix, or in any other county of that part of Gnat Brttam called England* where the court of King's Bench (ball fit, orcMthoforc foch comaiffioners, and in fuch county, in that part of Grmt Britain called England, as (hall be afiigned by the King’s otojefty’s comtniffion, in like manner and form, to all intents and purposes, as if fuch offence had been committed in the tame county where' foch inquifition, indictment, or appeal, fhaH be fo tried.

VII.	And be itcnaAed by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe, on account of any error or defeat in any indidtment, which, in virtue or under the authority of this a&, (hall be tranfmitted to any other colony, or to Great Britain, the fame (hall be quath-ed, or judgement thereon arrefted, or fuch indidtment adjudged bad upon demurrer, it (hall and may be lawful to prefer a new indidtment or indidtments againft the perfon or perfons ac-ctsfed in the (aid colony, to which fuch indidtment, fo quaJhed or adjudged bad, (hall have been tranfmitted, or before the nd jury of any county in Gnat Britain, in cafe fuch former indidtment (hall have been tranfmitted to Great Britain, in the fame manner as could be done in cafe the party accufed fhould return to the place where the offence was committed ; and the grand jury and petty jury of fuch other colony or county in Great Britain (hall have power to find an<T proceed upon fuch iridi&ment or jndidtmerirs, in the fame manner as if the offence* by fiich indidtment or indidtments charged, had been committed within the limits'of the colony or county for which fuch juries (hall refpedtively be impanelled to fcrve.

Vm. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That this adt, and every claufe, provifion, regulation, matter, and thing, herein contained, (hall commence and take effedt upon the firft day of Jane, one thoufand feven hundred and fcventy-four; ana be, and continue in force, for and during the term of three years.

CAP. XL.

A sfi for dive#mg oat of the crown the plantation and eftate of Ulyflrt Fitxmaurice e(quire* dectafed, and for veiling the lame in trtftees, to be fold for payment of his debts, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

Preamble. Eftates veiled in trnftees ( but neverthelcfs upon trod ; with power to fell the faid eftates. Application of monies. Saving claufe in favour of John Fitsmaunce* an infant. How the furpius is to be divided, |n cafe k affords a larger fum than that of cool, to each of the diftant relations. A negro woman'and boy to be fettled according to the inttruc-tioM of the will. After payment of purchafe money the eftates to be free from all claims and trufts. Money arifing by the fale of the premifes to be depofsted in the bank. Trufleet not to be anfwerable for the alls of tach other. Saving of rights to bodies politick, Sic. Publick a&

V01. XXX.	C	c	CAP.

If any indidtment tranfmitted be accounted bad, another indictment may be preferred.

Grand jurr im powered to proceed on iuch indidtment, fee.

Commencement and continuance of the adt.

Digitized by LjOOQle

Anno decimo quarto Georgii III* C.41,42. [1774.

CAP. XL!.

An oH for further*continuing fo much cf two cfls, made in the fixth and thirteenth years of the reign of his prefent Madefy, as relates to the opening and ejlablijhing certain free ports in tie ijknd of Jamaica.

Preamble. \\7 HEREAS an aft of parliament was made in tfoe Jixth Aft 6 Geo.3. VV year of the reign of his prefent Mayfly, (intituled* aft for opening and eftabliihing certain ports jnthe illands of Jamaica and Dominica, For the more free importation and exportation of certain goods and merchandifes.; for granting certain duties to defray the expences of opening, maintaining, fecur-iog, and improving fucii ports $ for afeertaining the dunes to be paid upon the importation of goods from the laid illand of Dominica into this kingdom; and for fecuring the duues upon goods imported from the faid ifland into any other Britijh colony ) which was to continue in force until the firjl day cf September, one thoufand feven hundred and fevenly-three, and from theme and aft	to the end of the then next feffion of parliament; and which, by anil Geo. 3.	0tbcr ag], made in the thirteenth year of bis prefent Majejlfs reign,

was amended, and fitch parts thereof as relate to the jaid if and of Jamaica were continued until the firjl day of November, one thousand feven hundred and feventy-four, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament: And whereas the further continuance of the Jaid alls, fo far as the fame relate to the ifland of Jamaica, will be highly beneficial to the trade and manufactures of this kingdom; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afTem-continued, fo bled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid afts, tar at they re- and eVcry thing therein contained, fo far as the fame relate to cV^untdNov*	°f	Jamaica, fhall be, and the fame are hereby fur-

1/1780.	*	tlier continued, until the firft day of November, one thoufand

feven hundred and eighty, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament.

CAP. XLII.

An alt to prohibit the importation of light fiver coin of this realm, from foreign countries, into Great Britain or Ireland ; and to re-Jlrain the tender thereof beyond a certain fum.

Preamble. \\T HEREAS confiderable quantities of old fiver coin of this V V realm, or coin purporting to be fuchr greatly below the flan-Sard of the mint rn weight, have been lately imported into this kingdom, and it is expedient that Jome provifion Jbould now be made to prevent a prafiice which may be carried on at this time, to the very great detriment of the publish \ be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefentjjarliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame.

That

Digitized by G.ooQle

1774-] Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c.42.	375

That from and after the firft day of June, one thoufond feven After June 1, hundred and feventy-four, all filver coin of this realm, or any n\oney purporting to be the filver coin of this realm, which i*dom,orpurI not of the eflabliUied ftandard of the mint in weight and fine- porting io ro nefs, (hall be prohibited to be imported or brought into the be, not of the kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland from foreign countries ;	r0ib

and if any lilver coin being, or purporting to be, the coin hinted tobe this realm, exceeding in amount the fum of five pounds, (hall brought into hb found, by any officer of his Majefty’s cuftoms, on board any this kingdom j (hip or veffel, in any port, harbour, haven, or creek, or in any *oihund^iix boat, barge, or other velfel upon the water, within the faid /hip*, 2cc. oi\ kingdoms, or in the cuftody of any perfon coming direftly fcarcta, in -from the waterfide, or upon the information of one or more per- terms of aft fon or perfons in any houfe, (hop, cellar, warehoufe, room, or ** ^ed * a^d other place, on a fearch there made in fuch manner as in and committed*® by an aft made in the fourteenth year of the reign of the late thecuftom-King Charles the Second, intituled. An aft for preventing frauds, hou'e ware-and regulating abufes9 in his Majejly's cuJlomSy is mentioned and boufe. direfted, if fuch fearch is made in Great Britainor according to the manner direfted by any aft of parliament made in /r/-landy relative to the fearching for uncuftomed and prohibited goods in that kingdom, if fuch fearch is made there, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch officer to ftop and put fuch coin in bis Majefty’s cuftomhoufe warehoufe, in the port next to the place where fuch ftop fhall be made : and if it (hail appear, up- if fuch filver on examination there, to the colleftor, or other principal officer coin be riie of the cuftotns, of the faid port or place, that fuch filver coin cftab'.ifoed is gf the eftablifhed ftandard of the mint in weight and finenefs, ^eighTand the fame (hall, upon demand, be forthwith delivered to the finenef*. itis owner or proprietor thereof, without fee or reward *, and fuch to be reftored officer or officers, or any perfon or perfons afting in his or their to.thc proaid or afliftance, (hall not be liable to any aftion, fuit, or pro- Pnttor> fecution, for fearching, flopping, or detaining the fame; but: if but ifdefi- * fuch coin, or any part thereof, (hall be lefs in weight than thecientin cftablilhed ftandard of the mint, that is to fay, at an’d after the^S^JL0^ , rate of fixty-two (hillings to every pound troy, whether thc^”^.0 e fame be in crowns, half-crowns, (hillings, fixpences, or pieces	1

of a lpwer denomination, or of lefs finenefs than eleven ounces two-peony weights of fine filver, and eigliteen-penny weights	*

of alloy in the pound troy, the fame, or fuch part thereof as (hall be deficient either in weight or finenefs, as aforefaid, (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any officers of the cuftoms, and profecuted in any court of record in IVejlminJler or andprofecuted rDubliny or in the court of exchequer at Edinburgh; or if fuch w^7lln* coin (hall not amount in value to the fum of twenty pounds, i A or Edinburgh, that .cafe the fame (hall and may be profecuted in a .fuminary way, before any two of his Majefty’s juftices of-the peace for thi county, city, or place, where fuch feizure (hall be made, at the eleftion of the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in ’ Great Britain, or the commiffioners of revenue in Irelandy or any three or more of them refpeftively, io fuch and the like

C c 2	manner.

374

Anna fooifnfc quiitaGEOsmii ^ ^3. [1774

manner*hfld toy the (amt rbler and icgivbtfont,Jfrs inyfwriiu tixrt incurredby any kw of the rcrtout may ^ recovered, liti the? kingdom of Greet Britain or Ireldad^ refpfco-After con- trvely,: and after condemnation, the fame &*U tomckcd dawp^ t0cut» of Otherwife defaced, in fuch manner ae the faid etamemf-down {	.	fioners	of Ms Majcfty^s cuftoms and revemie'vrefpcdiu*Iy(bell

and one diredt 5 and one moiety of the produce arrfing by the fate theta* *2t0 of, after hieing fo melted down;, cut, or defaced, (ftrft/dodWk-mnd^otTier i^S the charges of profecution and file), (haH be tothetifc of Jus to the profe- Majefty, his heirs and facceflbrs, mod the other satiety to fuch cutor.	officer	of the Cuftoms as (halt fue and profecute Joe the fa nub.;

No tender ex- II: And be it further eQadtfed by the authority aforcfaid^Tb* ceeding ad. no tender in the payment of money made ih the Aiver ecufc of edl|e«lforW* **”* rca^m*°^ any	exceeding the fum of twenty-dire pounds,

more than its at anY onc ******* (hall be reputed in law, or allowed to be a-]e» value.	gal tender within Great Britain or behind> for more than ao-

cording to its value by weight,'affor the rate of; five 'fhiilfnga, 'and two-pence for each ounce of filver; and no perfei* to whom fuch tender (hail be itvade (ball be anyway* bound thereby, or obliged to receive the fame in payment, in-any other manner than asaforefaid; any law, ftatute, or ufage* to the contrary notwithftanding*

Continuance III. And be it further enafted by the authority ofov'daht, of tbc a6t.	That thi9 aft (hall continue in force until the firft day of A£g%

one thousand feven hundred and feventy-(ix, and from thence to the end of the tben^next feffion of parliament.	1

CAP. XLIlt./^ ’ Vm

An ad far rebuilding the office of the fix cUrks of the \Km£* oodertAf chancery j and for creating offices far the regifier and accountant general rf the /aid courts for the better preferving the recorisyde* creety orders, and books of account, kept in fitch offices.	>	'

Preamble. 117 H E R E A S the prefervation of the records of the high coart V V of chancery, and aljo of the books in which the decrees and »	orders	of	the faid court are entered, and of the reports made by the

mafttrs of the faid courts in pur fiance of fuch decrees and orders $ and '	alfo of the booh of account oj the caft> and effefh belonging to the fid-

tors of the find courts is ofthe utmofi confifucnte to too find fuitoriy and to the publick in genet al: And whereas the fix tier ft Of the feii court are feifei, to them and their fucceffon, of the office vailed The Six Clerks Office, and the feveral buildingj belonging > tbcretoy fi~ tuate on the ivefi fide of Chancery Lane, within the liberty of ebt rollsy in the county of Middlefex 5 and the bvfimfi efithe fdidnourty under their management, is tranfafied in their fad office 9 and the cords in their cu/tody9 confi/ting of billsy axfwer^ depofitfans%^axd other pleadings and inrolments of decrees, orderly ^rtpertSy and other proteedingSy are depofitei therein; and the faid ojfhois avery anoient buildhrgy and become very ruinous: And wbenot tho find hoohf wherein the faid dectees and orders ore entered, and fbe reports mode in purfudnet of fuch decrees and orderSy and the books of account of the fasd cajb ana iffcCU, are dtpofited and kept in the office of the re-

gifitr

•s.

m	Digitized by Google

* 774 ]	\ fAimo ^dcknc quarto Gfo&aix III. c/4 3.

gijter'ofihe faidtourt,aud basons*f ojfibsyfbeltnging'toe fit fasten tf the

effetetfinbe. accountant	generaltf the'find court: Add whereas the

ferottto'dovthvfahds 'ibffides fat the, f and accountantgeneral tlrtij cfrom iMnjStaatltx -andconiitim, in great ^eiW^^ndmberta^verreeri ftdtreklt fium $fm>ney,bekog-iwg>ta	foilJukomriof’ tfe faiddoart, it now, ■ and hasbttft\ far may

fi&itb? -fyhig'dead andunemployed intbebinkof England^ being mo-nu^ficttmuldeedctvdeh the att'. df'parliamnt.yf the twelfth year tf bis ia&IrKtijffiifagiiiTiDrgp ibesF'irfi,:intitrded, An aft for the relief ofrt»<u«6rsof the high court , of Chancery: And. whereas by firhcrkfebtrctinSk tf parliament-, pdfiedin ibt\ twelfth-year of. the reign 'of wsdate ntujrfly kingQcargc the	tn	the	fourth,	fifth,

fikd' ninth years' of the reign1 of bis pnefttu Majefiy, federal jams tf ■ money,’' pats > of the money 'lyings dead and unemployed,, have been placid aat on government or parliamentary	and	fpeeifiek

parii'tf'ihf interejbarifiagtherefrom have been appropriated mentiOr the < income of officers belonging	court	1	and	by	tbe

Juidesttf patfidinibe mnthyedr of the reign of bis	Majejly,

irisptmhngfi other	things,-matted,-That-the	which

hadmoijtn, or which'Jbould or' might arifit, from tbe feeurities -chafed ',and to be pur chafed, in	purfuance of fold fevered of -

Ratoont, Xoeeth&,: With tbe interofi width Jbauld be produced from the fechhittes w bo'furehttfed with fiuh	intend,	jbould,	by	any

•order1 breeders tofthtfaid’court, to be made for that	from

time to time, be placed oaten govtrdntentand that tbo inter tj(Ior annual predate arifmg from fit faid feeurities Jbould, from time to time, be received by the governor and company of the bank of England, odd fit much thereof as fiould arife from.	to- be

pur chafed with fit furphet intCrefi prana to bo produced, from feeurities	purehaftdin purfuance of the faid atts of the ttOelffiyear

of the reign	of hisxlatemajefiy King George tbe Second, and of. tbe

fourth year of tbe reign of his prefint Majefiy, and of fit fade Opt of the ninth year of the reign of bis prefint Majefiy , Jbauld be /dated to the credit of an account to be raiftd in (be books kept at fie bank, of feeurities purfiofed with the	furplus placed to theattount of

inttrefi	arifingfrommonies placed out in purfuance of an	att ofparlia-

ment,faffedin the -twelfth yeartf bis late majefiy .Kin^ George the Second,	andft touch thereof as Jbould	to	it

thdfed tenth fir furplus interefi produced, and to be produced, from ficuriths purehaftd-in purfuance ..of.fit faid att of,	of

the Ytign of	btifireftnt Majefiy, Jbould if placed to thy credit of an

aearunt to btrtnfedinfie'faid boobs kept in fie bank, of feeurities fetrfiafid with fie-furplus money placed to fie account inttrefi <a-rifing .from spinierpitted tut in	pur of an att.of parliament,

pafft&m fit fifth .year of fie reign of bis projent Majefiy -And svhenarthere \arejjotu	funding.in fie name of.

ghtekal^-fiidh- thertclle	of feeurities fur chafed with	me-

-ruyplattdpo-fir'vcceunt of	inttrefi .arifing placed,out

purfuance df thrfaid att of the twelfth year qf his late Majefiy, five fioujaddfourhundred and fifty pounds, three per centum

C c 3	ed

.	Anno decimp quarto Georgii III. C;4j.	C1774.

id bank annuities, and in cafb, fourteen pounds, tbhee fbtflings, *ei four-pence*, and there are alfo fianiing, //? the pome of the faid accountant general, under the title of fecurities purchofed, tvitb the fctr-p!us money placed to the account of inter cf arifing from monies placed cut in pur Juana cf the Jaid act of the fifth year oj the reign of his prefent Majefly, four thoufand jcven hundred and fifty pounds, flvcf per centum batik confolidated annuities, and in cafb three jhiUings ' and ten-pence \ which annuities and cafb are unappropriated, and it will be no injury to the fuitors of the faid court if the ferric, and cl ft the fut plus inter cjl wind) JhM hereafter arife from the faid annuities, and Jrctn the fecurities pur chafed pwfuant to the fever ah ails before ^ mentioned, Jkall be employed towards yraif:ng a fund for rebuilding and ereftirjg the faid Jeveral offices, and in pur chafing fuck ground as may be ncceffary for fuch purpnfs ; and if a fum of money, n:t exceeding fifty thou]and pounds, part cj the money lying dead and unemployed as afore faid, fall be placed out at itfcnfl on government cr parliammiary fecurities, and the intereji thereof, or fa much as JbcB. be necrjfary, applied for the fame purpcfe} be it enacted by the Jung's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority cf the fame. That out of the ca(h belonging to the fuitors of the faid court of chancery, which now lies, pr fhall hereafter lie dead and unemployed in the bank of England, a fum not exceeding fifty thoufand pounds fhall and may, by virtue of any order or order* of the faid court to be made for that purpofc, from time to time be placed out in one entire fum, or in parcels, cn iucb government or parliamentary fecurities, as in and by loch orders fhall be dire&cd, to the intent that the intereft and annual produce arifing from the money fo to be placed out may be applied for the purpofes herein-after mentioned ; and that the faid court of chancery may, by order or orders of the faid courr? from time to time, change the fecurity or fecurities on which the faid monies (hall be ip placed out, as the faid court ihall think, expedient.

If. And be it further ena&ed, That out cf the fecurities purchafed with the furplus money placed to fire account of intereft arifng from monies placed out in purfuance of the faid .......s a<^	twelfth	year	of his late majefty King George the Se-

T he Six* CUrks cond, and out of the inter eft produced, and to be produced, Office, Sec. is from fuch fecurities; and alio cut of (he fecurities pun.haled to be paid; with tjie furplu$ money placed to the account of inrereft arifing .from monies placed out in purfuance of the faid atft of the fifth year of the reign of his prelent Majefiy ; and out of the intereft produced, ape! us be produced, from fuch fecurities, and out of the furplus intereft which (hall arife pr be produced from fecurities purchafed in purfuarue of the faid feveral adis of the twelfth year of the reign of Ids late Majefiy, and of the fourth, fifth, and ninth years of the reign of his prefent Majefiy ; and out of the interefi which (hall arife or be produced from fecurities to be purchafed in purfuance pf this aft, fitch fiin$ pr fums

50,0001. out of the ca(h belonging to fuitors in chancery, now lying in the bank, may be placed on government Securities ;

Out of fnms

gi anted by former aits, the cnarge of rebuilding

Digitized by

'x 774-3 Anno dcciipo quarto GEOaGirIII. c.43.	377

of money, as the lord high chancellor of Great Britain^ or the lord keeper, * or ^ lords cpmmiffioners, for the cuftody of the great fea{ ot,Great Britain for the time being, (hall, in his and their difcretioavdeem aeccffary, be paid, by virtue of any order or orders of the faid court, and be applied under the direction of the faid court *, in the firft: place, in paying and defraying the charges and expences attending the parting aftd obtaining this a<51, and then in rebuilding the faid office, called The Six Clerks Offfccy with the offices belonging thereto, and in purchafin£ ground and houfes for that purpofe, if any (hall be deemed necelTary by the faid court, and in providing a proper place for tranfadmg the bufinefs of the faid Six Chrk» Office^ during the time fuch office (hall be rebuilding; and the fuin of ten thou-fand pounds in ereding proper and convenient offices for the faid jegifter and accountant general of the faid court, feparate and detached from eacli other, and in purchafing fuch ground and houfes as (hall be neceffary for thofe purpofes, and for pre-ferving the ancient books of entries of decrees and orders of the faid court; and that the ground and houles, to be purchaf- and the pre-ed for the purpofe of rebuilding the faid fix clerks office, if any	***

fuch (hall be deemed neceffary, be conveyed to, and verted in, faid^x^lerks* the faid fix cleiks; to hold to them, and their fucceffors for ever, in truft, for the purpofes in this ad mentioned ; and tliat the ground and houfes to be purchafed for the purpofe of erecting the faid offices for the faid regirter, and accountant general be conveyed to and verted in 7hemas Anguijh, efquire, accountant general of the faid court, to hold to him and his fuccceflors, for ever, and_which are hereby verted in the faid Thomas Anguijl)y and hi$ fucceffors, in the faid office for the time being, for ever, in trurt, to and for the purpofes in this ad mentioned, concern-: ing the offices of the (aid regifter and accountant general, and * for no other ufe or purpofe whatsoever.

III.	Provided always, Thar from fuch time as the lord high After the

chancellor of Great Britain, lord keeper, or lords commiffioners charce u>r,&c. for the cuftody of the great feal for the time being, fhall deem ^al1 <iccraft|jc the purpofes of this ad to be fully fatisfied, and ihall, in tefti- adfatisfied, C mony thereof, by an order of the faid court, declare the fame,	*

and dired the accountant general of the fai J court not to iftue

any draft, and the governor and company of the bank of England not to ift'ue any further fum or fums of money for any of the purpofes aforefaid, the appropriation herein-brfore made of v the.furplus money placed to the account of intereft arifmg from monies placed out in purfuance of the faid acl of the twelfth year of his late majefty King George the Second, and of the fur-plus money placed to the account of intereft ar (ing trom mo- -nie$ placed put in purfuance of the faid ad of the fifth year of his prefent Majefty, and alio of the intereft of fecurities to be *!** aPProPr*a" purchafed purfuant to this ad (hall, from thenceforth, ceafc edfl^Ueafe." and bo at an end.

IV.	And be it further enaded. That the intereft and annual intereft ari-Ko'ducp arifing from the fecurities to be purchafed in purfuance fmg from fe-

C c 4	'	0f	cunties to be

Digitized by v^ooQle

37*

received by the governor of the bank*

^niyiclmnas[[177J of this a$ (had, ftW.tWH W-jUfl*,, Wcsnet^nu^ fcp.tfaa Ruapnaq and. company of-thc ^k.pf ^JwWi •B*lt>#baadvt«if3W acAt of an account tobeiyif^ ip ... of the laid court, of. un.e«f<t •rifmg.hsom ttehe&piaapdVaAtin purfuanceof this »&; andjhatthc A(i^ai%ia%c&srtvk:b.ihaii arife from fuch fecurities,after fo muclvthcreef sa&adhbejatetf-. fery for Lhe,nurpofcaafore(aid Q>aJfhayerbewi!n<fctf»b^cMb«, cr onto/iUe (evcral cnhfr.fundf hct«^:Ptaai4tikfcfroiBifiqg;ih$ fame'; and aUb the intmftrwhich (hail fee pqbdUcul frtai^bedk-curities to be purchafed w|«ixfi*cb AtrplnliintflBaftk.btcJianabJ^-ter.mentioned, (hall or tn>yvby,afcy ocdrejortedoieraioft dwlBud court of chancery, to be made for that fftirpbJfe^ilbtntaineii? titue, be placed out on government or fraifatenttrpfeafctstiet; arid the intereft or annual produce arifing Jbotat>fech(eewditk* (hall from time to time, be received by tbe\govcmar.-bnd Company of the bank, of England, and (ball fee piacedtb ttwo^dtfof an account to be railed in the books keptibeibaot <*iMbe fuitors of the faid court, of the fccurjtie* purthafed yrithvtbeAr-plus money placed to the account intesefi' aafiag'4*ani'

. .nics placed out in purfuanccof this act. .,v\0 bailf.

If any part of V. .Provided always, and be it further, cna&dcaad (bdmd, pl'ccdout* ° That if, at any time hereafter, the wholea ori any .paftjfef'^hc }iiall be want- faid fum of fifty thoufand pounds, hereby. etfcAad mbepbdd ed. the court put a$ aforefaid, (hall be wanted to anfbftX'dny pf (he dtnunds may direft the 0f the.fuitors of the faid court of1 chancery; then, and iw Juth called'?n, for c^e> l^c ^ court may andJlwU dire# tb« (stem, tac waty pirt the ufe of the thereof, to be called in, or tbe Securities in wUcbthe.faanelJiaQ fuitors. be placed to be difpoled of, in order that thts fuitort;of the Aid court may, at all nines, be paid their refpehiivoidemand* sut<of the common and general calh bdonging.tP.fuch'fuitovx, >: •>: T

*	*	’	.	i- ! *vrfit

CAP, XUV^wr-,^ ' :*\U

fin.eft tv amend an at7, made in tbe twenty *fieehd year of tbe^eu of bis late wajejly KingGcorge tbe Second, intituled, I{n i#jfor the more effc&ual preventing of frauds and abufes cort^lti by perforis employed in the manufatSure ofhfcts, and jjicj woollen, linen* fuftian, cotton, iron, leather,; fi)r, raT flax,' mohair, and 61k manufadhirps; and for jbr^eptiilg Unlawful combinations of journeymen dyits * ahd jtitirneyttjen hot-prpfiers, and of all perfons employed ;iri'the timltcveral manufactures j and for the better pay merit o? tlfttf

Preamble.	W HERE A S byan ail

• f Y Jecotid year of the reign of bts late majejty lungoSMX^aXbe £&a*Gco«». fecond, intituled. An a& fpr the more effectual preventing of frauds and abufcs committed by perfcns employed jo^&rfAu~ failure of ha(s, and in the woollen, linen, fuftian, cpttOn^Qjpn, leather, far, hetap, flax7, mohair, and filk 0W\nfaSure$t,and fpr preventing unlawful combinations of journeymen dyer* tod journeymen hot-preflers, and of all perUm* employed in Ae (aid feVeral manufaltqres i and for the b$l^r payrnoDC-of their

Digitized by

Google

:«ngtrt (oktoud	Ifm^/hiunds^^fStfeUwn drift nfliShi '

’ <&pon au\pt*Jbtt>%ftab/btll,vti^fofiw^tJyAr#} 'Mi^iuhere^s'it - thatfltab feAnk WftAtrtitf'tt&i stbt fakffbWrtll firtMtiftb he iti-.JJi£ledliptbiJip&<*ttflr'ibefthg folfbOt'yb’frfi 'yarn	on

: %ahict'Mfnurtt Affbndsrt) '(ipfrefuiritl/ ithptihijbetf; ffit} manj'Wtitjl \do/htbuisljpt&fw torrMttrttd jVdth foifotifyi'miy it’rherefore pleafe • yQorcMajb^^aifi»iiwypbe|ittb<^^J:9nd be it iiiaAed by the V Xi^gTi.mofbejiaJlent niaj^ftyj by‘Slid With the advice and con-■ftntiofithe UnUbdptrMil' Ad tfcirtpbtati and commons, in this yrcfai»,j)triistoentufletfat»led;' ttwi^y the authority of the fame,

;,rIF hah ftonan Ad after the pofRrtg of this adl, fo much of the fa id repealed, con. •recTtodra&as ftifejoftp any perfon or perfons to anVpunilhment cerning the ■whalibeverfor rediBg'faitc or fhdrt yarnyihall be, and the fame ‘"g‘“ort A thereby repealed. ■

rn Jlbncnijwonder 4oprevent ptrforn retting or	Penalties	in.

^gheiyfttiar^ M it»(vitneh enadtedj That, from and after the fliftedby this Jmfl£ng;o£ thidta<ft» if^ any perfon oh perfons (hall reeffalfe or ?*» *°r ***•' dfiortiyirn^ taid.ttnlt be'thereof lawfully convicted by the oath 1 ofi thc/o'wqBeaf fochyarrt; or in cafe fuch owner is one of the y • * people called Quakers* tbefliipon the iblemn affirmation of fuch owthah oarmf snymther credible witnefs or witnefles, or by the ,, bonfcficn pfu the peribn or perTohs charged with fuch offence, 1 >feefeyedany odbw more juftice or juftices of the peace, of the .county vidito^ffitfffon, city, liberty, town, or place, where ' AckoffimcomUl be c&mmitted, or where the perfon or perfons , fq purged ffiaih rdftde or inhabit, ■ (which oath fuch juftice or jdfttcasisdmd «fe hereby lmpowered and required to admini-fiec)V (baby for thfc flrft offence, forfeit and pay any fum not forthefirft exceeding: twbnry 'Anilines, nor lefia than five millings, and for offence, not the fecoaid offeaoe,any Aim not exceeding five pourids, nor lefs than forty (hillings} and for the third, and every other offence, cond.jl*" it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch juftice or juftices of and,’for the the peace to copupit the perfon or perfons fo conviaed to the third, impri. h^uTeof cprreGion, or other public prifon of fuch county, ri- fon,^nt “«■ Ws^y* liberty, town, or place, there to be kept to totep’ub-hard labour'for the fpace of one calendar month, and alfo to lickly whip, order tbe perfqn or perfons fo convicted to be once pubKckly ped. wnippe^atthe nearpft market town to where the offence was ' Committed, and upona market day; all which penaltiei and . forfeitures (hall go to the party aggrieved.

J ‘iff^And be it further ena&ed. That the juftice or juftices, before whom any offender lhall be convidled as aforefaid, Qiall caoft the fatd cohvidBon to be made out in the manner, and fororfollowirig; that is to fay:

E’Jt rektihbereJ* That on the



in t

A. B: isnttoilfiS nfort me, or us,	of	Majefy's

jujhat of'the' peike,Jor

[fpedfyittgthe offence, and the time and place when and Where the ftme was committed, and alfo fpectfying that it was $	the

Form of co*. viftion.

Digitized by

Google

A

3B0

Convi&ion to be wrote on parchment, and returned to the next general quarter leffioa.

ConvifHom may be delivered to per-fon^, on paying 1 ft. each .copy.

Perfoni may appeal to the

Quarter lei-om j

entering into recognisance.

If colls J>e not paid, according to ordtr of the jiiltices, they may be levied by dif-trefs, &c.

and where there are no

foodf, the erlons to be committed.

Proceedings hot to be q iafhed for want oi form.

• Anno decimo quarto GeorGII III. C. 44-	[	1774.

the firft, fecond, ot third offence againfl this ad!, as the cafe (hall be.]

Given under my hand and fcal> cr our hands and feed, tie day and year aforefaid.

Which convidlion the faid juftice or jufticcs (hall caufe tqbe fairly wrote on parchment* and returned to the next general quarter feffion of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, cky, liberty, town, or place, where %h conviction was made, to hi filed by the clerk of the peace, and remain and be kept among the records of fuch county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful for any clerk of the peace where any fuch conviction fhall be filed, as afore-faid, and he is hereby required, upon application made to him by any perfon or perfons for that purpofc, to caufe a copy or copies of any conviction or convictions, filed by him under the directions of this act, to be forthwith delivered to fuch per-fan or perfons, upon payment of one (hilling for every fuch copy.

V.	Provided nevertheless. That if any perfon or perfqns, who (hall be convicted as aforefaid, (hall be defirous of appealing to the next general or quarter fefiions of the peace to be holden for the county, rising, city, or place, wherein the caufe of complaint (hall arife, fuch perfpn may, at the time of fuch conviction, enter into a fufficient recognizance conditioned to try fuch appeal, abide the order of, 3nd pay fuch cods as (hall be adjudged by the jufiices, at fuch fefiions, and the fnid jufiices at fuch fefiions, (hall and are hereby authorifed and required to take cognizance of fuch appeal, and may affirm fuch conviction, and award fuch cods, as they th« fiud jufiices lhali think proper ; And in cafe the fame are not paid, according to the order of the faid jufiices, fuch cofts may be recovered by difirefs and fqle of the goods and chattels of the perfon who ought to pay the fame, by warrant under the hand and feal of any juftice of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, where fuch perfon (hall be or re-fide ; and if no goods and chattels belonging to fuch perfon can be found, fufficient to pay the cofts, and the charges of making fuch difirefs, the faid jufiipes may caufe the perfon to be committed to the common^gaol of fuch county, riding, divifion, pity, liberty, town, or place, there to remain," without bail or mainprize, for the fpace of three calendar months; and the determination of the faid fefiions (hall be final, binding, and cot*-clufive, to all intents and purpofes: And no order made concerning any of the matters aforefaid, pr any other proceedings to be had touching the convidtionorconvidlionsofany offender agamft this acl, (hall be quafhed or vacatfd for want of form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other writ or procefs whattoever, into any of his Majefty’s courts of record at tVejbnbJhr.

1	CAP.

Digitized by Google

7 74-] Ar>no decitno quarto GeorOII III. c. 45,

3*1

CAP. XLV.

fn aB for the better regulating the government of the province of the Mafiachufet’s Bay, in New England.

WiH E R E A S by Utters patent under the great feal of Eng- Preamble, re-land, made in the third year of the reign of their late nta» citing letters e/Iies K't Will-am and <$ueen Mary, for uniting, ere flings and 5^ri*# rjcctporatiug. Use fever cl colonies, territories, and trails of land there-n mentioned, into one real province, by the name cf Their Majef-ics Province of the Maffaehufet's Bay, in New England; where-by it was, amongjl ether things, ordained and efiablifhed, That the governor of the/did province flr.uld, from thenceforth, be appointed and comtnifjionated by ft dr MajcjlUs, their heirs and fiicceffors : It was, bozviver, granted and orda'ned, That, front the expiration of the term for and during which the eight and twenty perfons named in the faid letters patent were appointed to be the firfi councilors or affif-tavts to the governor cf the/aid province for the time being, the afore-faid number of eight and twenty ccunfcllors or ajfjlants Jbould yearly, cnce in fvery year, for evtr thereafter, be, by the general court or ojfhmbly% newly chojen: And whereas the faid method of eh Bing fuch councilors or affiants, to be vefed with the feveral powers, authorities, and privileges, therein mentioned, although conformable to the praBice theretofore yfed in fuch of the colonies thereby united, in which the appointment of the rejpeciive governors bad been vejled in the general courts or affiinblies of the Juid colonies, hath, by repeated experience, been found to be extremely ill adapted to the plan of government efiablifised in the province of the Maflachufet’s Bay, by the faid letters patent herciti-before mentioned, and hath been fo far from 'contributing to the attainment cf the good ends and purpofes thereby intended, and to the promoting of the internal welfare, peace, and good government, of the faid province, or to the maintenance of the jufl jyb or aim sign to, and conformity with, the la%vs of Great Britain, that the manner of exercifing the powers, authorities, and pri-, vileges of or efaid, by the perfons fo annually eleBedx hath, for fome time pajI, been fuch as had tty mofl manifefl Tendency to obfiruB, and, in great meafure, defeat, the execution of the laws; to weaken the attachment of his Majcflys well-difpofed fubjeBs in the faid province to his Majejlfs government, and to encourage the ill-difpofed among them to proceed even to aBs of direB ref fiance to, and defiance of, his Mficjiys authority: And it hath accordingly happened, that an open refinance to tty execution of the laws hath aBually taken place in the town of Bofton, and the neighbourhood thereof, within the faid province: And whereas it is, under thefe circumftances, become abfolutely neceffary, in order to the prefervation of the pence and good order of the f aid province, the protcBion of his Majefiys well-d'Jpcfed fubjeBs therein refident, the continuance of the mutual benefits arifing from the commerce and corrcfpondence between this kingdom and the faid province, and the maintaining of the jufl dependant* of tty faid province upon the crown and parliament of Great Britain, that the faid method of annually tUBing the councilors or offiflants of.

tty

Digitized by

Google

g8a

After Aug. i. 1774, the laid letters patent to be void.

Council bow to be com-poled.

)

Powei s of the laid counfellors.

Anno decimo quarto OiORGli 1U.45.	£*774

the jaid province fboutd ff& Unger-he fuffeted to t&ntUhk) bntt tbs* tk appointment of tbs /aid Ccttnfdim or afliftants' ftouid lutatlffrtb k pvt upon the iihefooting at is tfithliftxd wfucfKoebwtf bfo * Bftyeftf: colonies or phntatiom f** America,' the	ap-

pointed by his Majeftfs usmmiflott, unitF 'the- hvat fiat Great Britain: Be it therefore ofwded by fhrKtng’irmofe^ Majefty, by and with the advice* and confe^rrof the ck>rda fpm-tual and temporal, and commons, in ihib»pretem ^arffoftgfrr affembled, and by the authority of thefame,TK&tfrbftV^od after the firft day of Auguft4 one thoufand ftven hAwidr>ed^an£ feventy-four, fo much of the charter, gfamod by King JVUtiam and Queen Maty to rite inhabitants of * oh* T faid province of the Majjacbufefs Bay, in Net# England, md> atf every claufe, matter, and thing, therein centaifeoi, twh&t±r relates to the time and manner of eledtihg the afliftants oresao-fcHors for the faid province, be revoked, and'is thereby revolted and made void and of nbneeffed; and that she offices of all counfellors and afliftants, elected and appointed in {kurfliartct thereof, (hall from thenceforth ccafe and dewmiiricx-Ahd tliat, from and after the faid firft day of Auguft, one thdu£*i*4 tfeven hundred and feventy-four, the council, or courf bf afliftanW of the faid province for the time being, fhall be eomfiofed of Ibch of the inhabitants or proprietors of lands Virhift the feme as (hall be thereunto nominated and appointed by his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefiors, from time to time, by wat'rarif Under his or their fignet or fign manual, and with thesthdd* Of thr ^ri-vy council agreeable to the pratftice now ufed mrefped*tt> the appointment of counfellors in fuch of his Msjefty's other colonies Tn America, the governors whereof are apoointeef by cbin-miffiOn under the great feal of Great Br Haiti; provided^ that the number of the faid afliftants or councilors (hail niot, at any one time, exceed thirty-fix, nor belefs thantwefct.	4	-	r

II. And it is hereby further enadted, Thar the firid affifttets or counfellors, fo to be appointed as aforefimfy <hatttkrfd rfcefr officesTelpedlively, for and during the pleaibre of has Majtfty,

his heirs or fuccefiors; and (hall have and enjoy aft the potir&s,

1, fcxerdfedi, rmd eojby-

The governor to appoint and removejudges, coraraiflioners of Oyer and Terminer* &c,

pmflegea*: amd immunities, at prdfcnt held, ed, bytfto afliftants or counfellors of the faid piwiiv^vcohffc meed arid elected, from time to time, onder tire faid1 charier, (except as herein-after excepted); and fhali alfo, upon their ad-miffion into the faid conncil, and before they cnter upott riife execution of their offices refpedltvely, talce the oaths* &nrt$)ike* repeat, and fubferibe, the declarations required; as Welt by Tb* faid charter as by any law or laws of the &id province Aowiti forte, to be taken by the afliftants or counfellors who bate.beoa fo elecled and conftitutcd as afbrefaid.	Lv ^ *>'M vi.t!

III. And be it further enacted by the aiithorityA^Eprkfirid^ That from and after the firft day of Jubpi one thotfand feven hundred ant] feventy-fonr, it (hall ami iday be iajsirfol fbr htt. Majefty’s governor for the rime being of nbeifaht ptwviact, or, in his atrfencp, fprthp lieutenant-governor, to nomuurtfc arid appoint,

Digitized by

Google

t774*| Anno decinnoquartojGeorgii til. c. 45.	383

under the feal of the province, froth time to time, and ilfo to remove, without the consent of the council, all judges of he inferior courts of common ptd^s, commHfioners of and TerndfUrs the attorney general, provofts, marilialsj juftices of he peace, and. other omOera to fhe-counciil or cbutts of juftice aolongiogi 'and'tnaWattfjudges of the- inferior courts of «ontf [11(00 pleas, eommifftotters el Oyer and	the	attorney

^provoft%; matlhals, juftices, and otherofficers fo ap* po'tntedby the governor, or, in his abfence, 'by the lieutenants goyemoralohe, ftiabond may have, hold, and exereifei’ their 0*i4 offisee* powers, ami authorities, as fully andcoaapletdy, to alKirUcajta andpurpofes, as any judges of the inferior courts of cooltttorti pleisv- cotBmiffioncr$ of Oyerand , attorney generftl, provoftsvioarihalsi or other officers, have or might hay edone hcrCfbforeuoder the laid letters patent, in the third yepr of the reign of their late toajeffies King	and

Qupco Mary} :any last, ftatute, or ufage, to the contrary not. wi«bft*odjngt . ’	>

• j|y (Provided always, and be it enabled. That nothing bere-> Nothing here-iivv^niaincdihall extend,' or be conftrued to extend, to annul ™ jnnlfi'th^ or naakfliyoid-the commiffion granted before the faid firftday of com'miffion*

00e> thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fbur, to any granted before ji^dgos Of the inferior courts of common pleas, coinmiffionefs of July *77+-Ojtr.pftd Timber^ the attorney general, proved?, marfhals, juJlicgSrof the peace, or other officersp but that they may hold an^ ejftrcife thefame; as if-this ad had never been.made, until this .feme lhaJl be determined by. death, removal by the gover-op** .or Otter avoidance, as the cafe may happen.

.tW* Andl ,bo it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That,- Governor to from-and after the (aid firftday ofjaly, one tlioufand fevetr appoint Aie. hunched and feventyffour, it (nail and may be lawful for his rifft without Majefty’s governof, or, in his abfence, for the lieutenant-go* veijoorfof thetlme being of the (aid province, from time to , timer to nom'mate and'appoint the (herifts without the canfent 9£fthe;<56t*acBy aud io remove. ftich (heriffs with fuch oonfent, and eot otheVwiJe.

/S?&j Aad belt further ena&ed by die authority afbeafaid, That, On * ”^ncT uppa every vacancy of the officers of chief juftice and judges of chitf iuttice thrfuperior ceUrt-of the feid province, from and after the laid &c. the go-* rifft dijlof jf»h* Pnethoofand feven hundred and fevooty-foar, vernor may rftfc governor for tbO'tHne being, oe, in bis abfenoe, the Heute*- appoint the n adtrgtwemotjwiihout. the confent of the council, ifhall have ftdl-ucceffor** Mfrvea! ahd authbrity to nominate and' appoint the perfaws to fciccaed to .the frid offices, who (half hold their eommifttons du-riogthejdeaftireof his Majefty, his heirs and fuccaffors % audthaf neither the chief juftice or judges appointed befrsrd theliaid frift day:of Jfa/jr, ondehouftnd (even hundred add fevetty-four, tlor '	’

thofeWhoftrtllheToafter he appointed purfuamtiklhisaiSi, fhslt be romcrredvrUaler$ by theordcr of his Majefty,.his heirsor fucceffars,upder.diiaof their fign-manual. [ -	.	.o--•> v'V ,;

VII* And uebirta}, by ftveral ads of the ^imtal tmrt^ which

bavt

Digitized by

Google

^84	Anno	decimo	quarto GeoRGII III. G.45.	[1774,

have been from time to time enafitd and paffiei within the faid />> vines, the freeholders and inhabitants of* the federal'townfbip$s *?-triflSy andprechtfts, qualified\ as is therein expreffidi are authervn to ojfembli together, annually or occafionally, upon nocks git**,, a fuch manner as the faid afis direfi, for the choice of felett mtny ok-Jtables, and other officer s, and for the making and Agreeing up ad fir neceffary rules, orders, and bye-laws, for the directing, managing y ad ordering, the prudential affairs of fuch town/hips, dijlrifh; and f*c-emits, and for other purpofes: and whereas a groat abufe has made of the power of calling fuch meetings, and the inhabitants ba*t, contrary to the. defign of their inflitution, been mi fie d to truest upn matters |f the mojl general concernand to pafs many dangerous ozi No meeting unwarrantable refolvts: for remedy whereof, be it cna&ed, Tto: to be called from and after the faid firft day of Augufi, one thou fond fern confent of th hundred anc* feventy-four, no meeting fhailta called by thi governor, C men, or at the requeft of any number of freeholders of anr townfhip, diftri#, or precindf, without the leave of the governor, or, in his abfence, of the lieutenant-governor, in writing, exprefling the fpecial bufinefs of the feid meeting, fijif had ari obtained, except the annual meeting in the months of March cr May, for the choice of feled men, coftftables, and other officers, or except for the choice of peffons to fill up the offices aforefaid, on the death or removal of any of the perfons firft elected to fuch offices, and alfo, except any meeting for the election of 3 representative or representatives in the general court; and that no other .matter (hall be treated of at fuch meetings, except the ele&ion of their aforefaid officers or representatives, nor at aoy other meeting, except the bufinefs exprefled in the leave given by the governor, or, in his abfence, by the lieutenant-governor.

Juror* to be VIII. And whereas the method at prefent ufed in the province sf by MaflTachufet’s Bay, in America, of e/etting perfons to ferve an grail only * ™,# jurie*'> <tnd other juries, by the freeholders and inhabitants of the five-r ait owns, affords occafioh for many evil practices, and tends to per. vert the free and impartial adminifiration of juflice: for remedy whereof, be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That, from arid after the rcfyetftivfe times appointed for the holding of trie* general feffiofts of the peace in the Several counties within the faid province, next after the month of September, one thou-fand feven hundred and feventy-four, the jurors to ferve at the fuperior courts of judicature* courts of aflize, general gaol delivery* general fefltons of the peace, and inferior court of common pleas, in the feveral counties within the faid province, (hall not be elected* nominated, or appointed, by the freeholders and inhabitants of life feveral towns within the fail refyeAive counties, nor fummoned or returned by the conftables of the bid towns 5 but that, from thenceforth, the jurors to ferve at the fliperior courts of judicature, courts of affize, general gaol delivery ? general feffions of the peace, and inferior court of common pleas within the faid province* (ball be fammoned and returned by the (tariffs of the refpecUve counties within the faid province j

Digitized by v^ooQle

774*1 Aono dccimo quarto Georgii III. c. 45.

incc ; and all writs of Venire Facias, or other procefs or war-mts to be iflued for the return of jurors to ferve at the faid ourts* (hall be directed to the (heriffs of the faid counties re->edlfvdy, any Uw, cuftotn, or ufage, to the contrary netwith-andiog.	f

IX.	Provided always, and be it further cna&ed by the autho- When a (he-ity aforefaid, That wherever thje fhcriff of any count/(hafi riff foal l be a tappen to be a party, or interefted or related to any party or Party-aJrJJJ<8be‘ •erforr interefted in any profecution or fuit depending jn any of executed by he faid courts ; that then, in fuch cafe, the writ of Venire Facias, the coroner. , >r ether procefs or warrant for the fummoning and return of a • ury^ for the trial of fuch profecution or fuit, (hall be dire&ed o, and executed by, the coroner of fuch county; and in cafe	'

*uch coroner (hall be alfo a party, or interefted in, or related to, my party or perfon interefted in fuch profecution or fuit, then he Venire Fdcias, or other procefs or warrant, for the fumoion-ng and return of a jury for the trial of fuch profecution or fuit [hall be directed to, and executed by, a proper and indifferent perfon, to be appointed for that purpofe by the court wherein fuch profecution or fuit (hall be depending.

X.	And that all Jherijfs may be the better informed of perfon; Conftable* to qualified to ferve on juries at the fuperior courts of judicature, courts ^ j^uftices of afii%e9 general gaol delivery ^general fefftons of the peaceand	the	names*

rior court of common pleas ^ within the Jaid province, be it further.of perfons enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the conftables of the within the refpe&ive towns, within the feveral counties of the faid pro- r*fpc&ive vince, (ball, at the general feflions of the peace to be holden for towng* each county, next after the month of September in every year, * upon the firft day of the faid feflions, return and deliver to the juftices of the peace, in open court, a true lift, in writing, of the names and places of abode of all perfons within the refpevSive towns for which they ferve, or the diftricls thereof, qualified to ferve upon juries, with their titles and additions, between the age of one and twenty years and the age of feventy years; which feid juftices, or any two of them, at the faid feflions in the re-fpetfive counties, (hall caufe to be delivered a duplicate of the aforefaid lifts, by the clerk of the peace of every eounty, to the fheriffs, or their deputies, within ten days after fuch feflions; and caufe each of the faid lifts to be fairly entered into a book, which are to by the clerk of the peace, to be by him provided, and kept for be entered in that purpofe amongft the records of the faid court; and no b.°°£#^ (herirF (hall impanel or return any perfon or perfons to ferve up- c er 8* on any grand jury, or petit jury, whatfoever, in any of the (aid courts that (hall not be named or mentioned in fuch lift: and, to pi^vent a failure of juftice, through the neglc<5t of conftables to make fuch returns of perfons qualified to ferve on juries, as in and by this a<ft is directed, the clerks of the peace of the faid feveral counties are^ hereby required and commanded, twenty days at' leaft next before the month of September, yearly, and every year, to iffue forth precepts or warrants, under their re^ fpe&iveHhands and fcals, to the rpfpedlive conftables of the fevt*

Digitized by

Google

r

Penalty of 5I. if conftabtee fail to delirtr lifts.

*

Penalty of

40 s. if the conftable wilfully deliver in wrong lifts.

In default of lifts by the conftable, fheriff to fummon performs qualified,

Anno dctimo quarto GboMMI UI. C. 45.	(1774.

ral town* within the bid refoe&ivc eantip* Mfririnae W*. and every of I beta, to make focb return of perfons |«iiM,a terra, upon juries u hereby refpe&ivdy dimmed} aedemyip-ftable failing at any time to make and,delivar &icjv retHemed^ihg juftices in open court, aa aforefaid, (hall forfeit and Hum We penalty of five pound* fterting to his Mricft]b aid kie mPd fori: to be recovered by bill, plaint, or inforimrtirtq, bapa-fecuted in any of the courts aforebid; and, » order tfeuke conftablcs may be the beam enabled to make rnmplrta |i}« all perfons qualified to ferve on juries, the coo (tables m We feveral towns (hall have free liberty, at all feafonabie tiaw%m-on requeft by them made to any officer or officers, wbq paS have in his or their cuftody any book or account of rased or taxes on the freeholders or inhabitants within foch nfecdm towns, to infpedt the fame, and take from thence the names of (uch perfons qualified to ferve on juries, dwelling within the re-fpedive towns for which fuch lilts are to be given in and returned purfuant to this aft; and (hall, in the month of ktr, yearly, and every year, upon two or more Sndoyt, £of upon the door of the church, chapel, and every other publiefc place of religious worihip within their refpeftive precindts, a true and exadt lift of all fuch perfons intended to be returned to the bid

Jjcncral feflions of the peace, as qualified to ferve on juries, pur-uant to the diredtions of this adt; and leave at the fame time a duplicate of fuch lift with the town clerk of the faid place, to be perufed by the freeholders and inhabitants -thereof, to tbe end that notice may be given of perfons duly qualified who are omitted, or of perfons inferred by miftake who ought to be omitted out of fuch lifts; and it (hall and may be lawful to and for tbe juftices, at the general feflions of the peace to which the faid lifts (hall be fo returned, upon due proof made before them of any perfon or perlons duly qualified to ferve on juries bring omitted in fuch lifts, or of any perfon or perfons being infotted therein who ought to have been omitted, to order his or their name or names to be inferted or ftruck out, as the cafe may require : and in cafe any conftable (hall wilfully omit, out of'/uch lift, any perfon or perfons, whole name or names ought to be inferted, or (hall wilfully infert any perfon or perfons who ought to be omitted, every conftable fo offending, (nail, for every perfon lb omitted or inferted in fuch lift, contrary to tbe true latent and meaning of this a£i, be fined by the faid juftices,. in tbe bid general feflions of the peace, in the fum of forty drillings fterling.

. XI. Provided always, and be it ena&ed by tbe authority aforefaid. That in cafe default (hall at any time hereafter be made, by any conftable or conftablcs, to return lift* of perfons

:justified to ferve on juries within any of the bid tawns So tba aid court of general feflions of the peace; then, and in fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful for the (heriff of tbe bounty, in which fuch default (hall be made, to fummon and return to tbe feveral court} aforefaid, or any of them, fuch and fo many perfons

Digitized by

*■*704) ?ArAo&dt»6 quart© GeoRGH HI. c» 45.

dHtfArthttuff, qUaMed to ^chw4lh,§|u#8«>1^s nfeffheH :thihk 4k 4b fcree on juries at fiueh

3S7

^	#	#	   J?very	Turn-

*CThtf	of	ahfp^fon^ to ferve upoh any bf the .mons to bc

any of them, fhaH be made by the ,o tIay# meKtf) bMAhft* perffin* 'ten days af the lea/ft before the holding hdWiJlg 0f the tof ^efV Ibch coiM; fcnd in Cafe dny jurors, fo ta be fummoned, court. &c. fcfe IWWf’frbrftTfh8r^f«al place of ht$ habitation ju the tune of f^bMFdhtnlbns, ttoticeof fudh fumitibhs ihall be gieen, by leaa-iro; 8*hbte; hrvtritJng, under the hartd of*fuoh (heriff, or perfon, ^(mttfihihc’the cohtents thereof at the dwelling-houfe of fuch /jtfWiy^im-foine perfon inhabiting in the fame.

*- mih Provided alyrays, and be it'fbrther ena&ed by tta an-In cafe * folS-thfifW afbAlard, That in cafe a fufficieot number of perfons c,*?t numflb![. ^«»editdlfervfe bti juries (hall not appear at the faid courts, or not attend,* anyW Jthetrt^ to perform the ferviceof grand or petit jurors; the court to that tfhren, aridifffnth tafe, it (hall* be lawful for the (aid court Hfae * piyccpt ta tflfise 'a writ tot prefcept to the (htriff, requiring hraTto fum- f°^fuch itt-ttforta Yufficient number of other perfons qualified to fenre onrori*

IbVtes,' immediately to appear1 at foch court, to fill up and com-p!oatr*the number of juiors to fcrve at •fitch court 5 and fuchper-forts'afe here!^ required to appear andtferre as jurors at the faid courts accordingly.

XlWArtd ta-it farther ena#ed by the authority aforefaid, No juror to That nor perfon who (hall ferve as a juror, at any of the faid f^ve twicc m ^ouhs; (hall be liable to ferve again as a juror at the fame court,thrcc year,# or atiy other of the courts aforefaid, for the (pace of three years then next foKowkig, except upon fpecial juries.

XV. Andy in1 ordtr that Jbertjfs may be informed of the perfons How (herifft wh# bavr fervedds jurors, it is hereby further ena&ed by the au- arc to he in-tfioWty aforefaid, That every (tariff (ball prepare and keep a [Jofe who bdolc, or regifter, wherein the names of all fuch perfons1 who ha°c u Kaye ferved as iarors, with their additions and places of abode, jurors, add the'times wherr, anchthe courts ih which they ferved, (hall be^bljJhabeticafly entdrei* and regiftered; which books or re-’gklfr* (tall; from time to time* be delivered over to the fiicceed-tttt (tariff of the (aid county, within ten days after he (hall enter updh Ms office j and every juror, who (hall attend afcd ferve at anylbf the courts aforefaid, may, at the expiration of the time dftfbWfog every fuch court, upon application to the (tariff, or his deputy, have a certificate immediately, gratis, from the or his deputy, teftifying fuch his attendance and ftrvice; wflfclt flhf certificate the faid (heriff, or his deputy, is required *° *ytry fach joror.

Vf&t; Ahd be h further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, How a fuffi-Tn$lirf ty teafon of challenges, or otherwife, there (hall not be ciept number * AffiHehrnumbdr of jurors for the trial of any profecution for	u

ahj^itiiTdemearioar, or any a&kmdepending in any of the (aid **Q0 1 u Cttfoythed, tuxd in fuch cafe, the jury fhaH bt-filled up de Vol. XXX.	D	d	Talpbus

Digitized by	£~

388	Anno	dedmo	quarto	Georgii	HI.	c.45.	£1774

TaUbus Circumjlantibu$y to be returned by the (heriff, unlefs be be a party, or interefted or related to any party or perfbn in-terefted in fuch profecution or a&ion 5 and, in any of wfudi cafes, to be returned by the coroner, unlefs he be a party, or interefted or related to any party or perfon interefted in finch profecution or a<ftion; and, in any of thefe cafes, to be retorned by a proper and indifferent perfon, to be appointed by the coon fo? that purpofe.

Penalty (hou’d XVII. And be it further enadfed by the authority afbre£ud, perfons not That in cafe any perfon fummoned to ferve upon the grand or .petit JUTy> at any °f thc courts aforefaid, or upon the jury m wpedtiaiie^any profecution, action, or fuit, depending in any of the feud * courts, fhall not appear and ferve at the faid courts, accoixfing to the faid fummons, (not having any reafonable excufe td be allowed by the judges or juftices at fuch court,) he (hall be fined by the judges or juftices of fuch court in any fum not exceeding the finn of ten pounds, nor lefs than twenty (hillings fterling. Number of XVIII. And be it further enadted by the authority afore&d, jurors how to That every (heriff, or other officer, to whom the Venire Faa£s% beakmiined.Qr pr0Cefs or warrant, for the trial of caufes, or fummon-ing of juries, (hall be diredied, (hall, upon his return of every fuch writ, or other proeefs or warrant, (unlefs in cafes where a fpecia! jury (hall be (truck by order or rule of court, purffcafct to this act,) annex a pannel to the faid writ, or proeefs, or warranty containing the chriftian and furnames, additions, and places of abode, of a competent number of jufors, named in fuch lifts, which number of jurors (hall not be lefs than twenty-four, nor more than forty-eight, without diredtion of tbe judges or juftices of fuch court or feffion, or one of them, who are hereby refpedtively impowered and required, if he or they fee caufe, by order, under his or their refpediive hand or hands, to diredt a greater number; and then fuch number as fhall be ♦ fo diredted (hall be the number to be returned to ferve on fuch jury.

Names of the XIX. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefeid, iuiy bow to That for the trials of all adions or fuits depending in any of the be drawn. faid courts, the name of each and every perfon who mall be fummoned and returned as aforefaid, with his addition, and the place'of his abode, (had! be written in feveral and diftindV pieces of parchment, or paper, being all as near as may be of equal free and bignefs, and (hall be delivered unto the officer to be appointed by the court for that purpofe, by the (heriff, under iheriff, or fome agent of his; and (hall, by diredlion and care of fuch officer, be rolled up all as near as may be, in the fame manner, and put together in a box or glafs, to be provide*) for that purpofe; and when any caufe (hall be brought on to be tried, fotnc indifferent perion, by direction of the court, may and (half, in open court, draw out twelve of the faid parchments or papers, one after another; and if any of the perfons, whofe names (hall be fo drawn, (hall not appear, or (hall be challenged, and fuch challenge allowed, then fuch perfon fhall proceed 1	to

Digitized by v^ooQle

1774*3 Anno ileclmo quarto Georgii III. c.45.	383

to draw other, parchments or papers from the faid box, till twelve indifferent perfons (hall be drawn; which twelve indifferent perfons being fworn (hall be the jury to try the faid caufe: and the names of the perfons fo drawn and fworn (hall be kept apart by themfelves in fome other box or glafs, to be kept for that purpofe, till fuch jury fhall have given in their verdi&, and the fame is recorded, or until fuch jury (hall, by confeot of the parties, or leave of the court, be difcharged; and :hen the fame names (hall be rolled'up again, and returned to :he former box or glafs, there to be kept, with the other names "emaining at that time undrawn, and fo toties quoties, as long as inv caufe remains then to be tried.

XX.	And be it further enafled by the authority aforefaid, When the fa-That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the fuperior court of Sfaffizc^nd iffize, and court of common pleas, upon motion made on be- common ™ lalf of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, or on the motion of pleas may ap-iny profecutor or defendant, in any indidtment or information pointa iUI7» or any mifdemeanor depending, or to be brought or profecuted

n the faid court, pr on the motion of any plaintiff or plaintiffs, lefendapt or defendants, in any action, caufe, or fuit whatfo-:ver, depending, of to be brought and carried on in the faid :ourt, and the faid court is hereby autborifed and required, up-Dn motion as aforefaid, in any of the cafes before mentioned, to Drder and appoint a jury to be (truck for the trial of any iffue oin^d in any of the faid cafes, and triable by a jury of twelve nen, by fuch officer of the faid court as the court (hall appoint; ind for that purpofe the (heriff, or his deputy, (hall attend fuch officer with the duplicate pf the lilts of perfons qualified to ferve an juries; and fuch officer (hall thereupon take down, in wrung, from the faid duplicate, the names of forty-eight perfons qualified to ferve on juries, with their additions, and places of ibode, a copy whereof (hall forthwith be delivered to the profe-:utors or plaintiffs, their attomies or agents, and another copy hereof to the,defendants, their attomies or agents, in fuch pro-ecutions and caufes; andihe faid officer of the court aforefaid hall, at a time to be fixed by him for that purpofe, ftrike out he names of twelve of the (aid perfons, at the nomination of he profecutors or plaintiffs, their attomies or agents, and alfo he names of twelve others of the faid perfons, at the nomina-ion of the faid defendants in fuch profecutions and fuits, and he twenty-four remaining pejrfons (hall be (truck and fummon-d, and returned to the (aid court as jurors, for the trial of uch iffues.

XXI.	Provided always. That in cafe the profecutors or plain- Provifo. iffs, or defendants, their attomies or agents, (hall neglect or

efufe to attend the officer at the time fixed for ftriking the lames of twenty-fo\ir perfons as aforefaid, or nominate the per-ons to be (truck out; then, and in fuch cafe, the (aid officer hall, and he is hereby required to ftrike out the names of fuch lumber of the (aid perfons as fuch profecutors or plaintiffs, or lefendants, might have nominated to be (truck our.

D d 2	XXII. Andy Google

390

Frrfons applying tor lpccia! juries to defray fees and ex peaces

Cofts bow to be defrayed in aduons brought.

Sheriffs may plead the ge-# neral iffue.

Anno dccimo quarto GeorGil III. C.46.	[*77+

XXII.	And be it further enabled, That the perfoft or party who (hall apply for fuch fpecial jury as aforefaid, (hall not only bear and pay the fees for linking luch jury, but (hall alfo pay and difcharge all the expences occafioned by the trial ot the caufe by fuch fpecial jury, and fhall not have any further or other allowance for the fame, upon taxation of cods, than fuch perfon or party would be intitled unto in cafe the caufe bad been tried by a common jury, unlcfs the judge, before whoa the caufe is tried, Ihall, immediately after the trial, certify, in open court, under his hand, upon the back of the record, that the fame was a caufe proper to be tried by a fpecial jury.

XXIII.	And be it further enafied by the authority aforelkit?, That, in all actions brought in any of the laid courts, where it (hall appear to the court in whicn fuch adions are depending, that it will be proper and ncceflary that the jurors who are to try the iflues in any fuch aSions, (hould have the view of the meffuagcs, lands, or place in queftion, in order to their better undemanding the evidence that will be given upon the trial of fuch iflues; in every fuch cafe the refpeCtive courts in which fuch actions (hall be depending may order the jury to the place in qutftion, who then and there (hall have the matters in question (hewn tlrem by two perfons to be appointed by the court; and the fpecial colls of all fuch views as allowed by the court, (hall, before the trial, be paid by the party who moved for the view, (the adverfe party not confcnting thereto;) and (hall, at the taxation of the bill of cods, have the fame allowed him, upon his recovering judgemeht in fuch trial; and upon all views with the confent of parties, ordered by the court, the cofts thereof, as allowed by the court, (hall, before trial, be equally paid by the faid parties; and in the taxation of the bill of cofts, the party recovering judgement (hall have the fum by him paid allowed to him; any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That if any a&ion (hall be brought againft any IheriflF, for what he (hall do in execution, or by virtue of this a<ft, he may plead the general iflue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence ; and it a verdid .(hall be found for him, he (hall recover treble cods.

C A P. XLVI.

An aft to enable the commiffioners for executing the office of treajunr of his Majejly's exchequer, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, to pay, out of the revenue of the crown, certain rewards for apprehending highwaymen, and other offenders in the county palatine of Durham.

Preamble. \X/H E R E A S by feveral afts, made in the foitrtb year of A6l» 4. Gul. & W King William and Queen Mary, and in the Jtxtb and Marias. 6 & 7 feuenth years of King William, and in the fifth year of Queen G d 5^nn;t’ Anne, and in the third year of King George the firjtT certain an 3 Geo. 1. riwarjs wcri dire fted to be paid upon the convictions of highwaymen,

Op*

Digitized by

39l

y 74.] Anno decimo quarto GeoRGH III. c. 46.

rlipjerij coinersy or hopfcbreakers^ within England and Wales, in tbc manner by thofe ads directed: and whereas thofe aCts do not ex~ t^rcd to the county palatine 0/Durham, and the judges who have gone tbe northern circuity have, for that reafon, always refujed to give certificates of the convictions of fuch offenders, in the faid county pala-*//!/, without which certificates the apprehenders and convict on of fztch offenders, are not by the faid ads intit led to fuch rewards: and wbereas it is but juft and reafonable that the inhabitants of the faid county palatine, who contribute equally with others to the fupport of government in the payment of publick taxes, and other duties, jhould, equally with the inhabitants of other counties and cities, enjoy that additional feiurity to their lives and property which arifes from a proper encouragement being given to the apprehenders and cotwiQort off the perfons guilty of the offences in the faid afls refpedively men-tioned: and whereasyfor want offuch encouragement, the faid county palatine has already, in many infiances, and willy in many other, be* come a place of refort and refuge for the mofi defperate and determined villains: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enadedj and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and witji the advice and confent of the lords ipiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflemhled, and by the authority of the fame, fhzt from Perfons a p. ( and after the parting or this ad, all and every perfon and per- P**fhchding fons who (hall apprehend and take any perfon or perfons guilty guilty o^ths of any of the offences in the faid recited ads refpedively men- offences in tionea within the faid county palatine of Durbamy and profecute the ads bim, her, or them, fo apprehended and taken, until he, (he, or abcrJc they, (hall be convided of fuch offence or offences (hall be in- thecounty1*1 titled to have and receive, and (hall have and receive, from the palatine of fheriff of the (aid county palatine of Durhanty within one month Durham, to after fuch convidion, the fame reward or rewards as is or are receive the made payable by the faid recited ads to the perfon or perfons who (hall apprehend, take, and profecute, fuch offender or fbe faid ads. offenders in any other county within England or fValeSy he or they tendering a certificate to the fheriff of the faid county palatine of Durhesmy under the hand or hands of the judges or juftices before whom fuch offender or offenders (hall be convided, (which certificate fuch judges or juftices are hereby ?uthorifed and required to grant, certifying the convidion of fuch offender or offenders, and in what pari(h the offence or offences was or were committed *, and alfo that fuch offender or offenders was or were apprehended and taken by the perfon or perfons claiming fuch reward or rewards.

II.	And be it further enaded. That in cafe any difpute (hall Difpufts srif-happen to arife between the perfons who (hall fo have appre- «ng between hended and taken any fuch offender or offenders touching their P*™? right and title to any fuch reward or rewards, then the feid	'be

judges or juftices fo refpedively certifying, as aforefaid, (haH, in determined by and by their faid certificate, dired and appoint fuch reward or the judges, rewards to be paid to and amongft the parties claiming the fame, in fuch (nare and proportions as to the faid judges or uftices (hall feem juft and reafonable.

D d 3	111.	And

Digitized by

Google

392

In cafe any Ihtriff toall die before a month after convi&ion bi» fuccefTor to pay the reward;

the fum.

Anno dccimo quarto Gborigu III. C. 46.	[177

III.' And be it further enafted, That in cafe it (hall ha] that any fuch (heriff of the (aid county palatine of Durham die, or be removed before the expiration of one month fuch conviftion and demand made of fach rewafd of rewank, (the fame not having been paid as aforefaid,) then the fucceeding (heriff of the faid county palatine "of Durham pay the fame within one month after fuch certificate (ball and in cafe of brought, and demand of payment made, 4s aforefaid ; artd if de-i default to fault of payment of fuch fum or fums of choney (hall happen tat forfeit double ma(jc by any fuch (heriff of the faid county palafine of Dsr*-bamy fuch (henff fo making default, (hall forfeit and pay to the perfon or periods to whom fuch money is due, as aiordaM, double the fum or fums of money he ought to have paid; to be recovered by him or them, or his or their executors or admini« ftrators in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Jffyfmmjkrm by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein bur MB imparlance, and no effbin, protection, or wager of law, (hall bJ with treble allowed, together with treble cofts of fuit by bint or them cx4 cofts of fuit. pended in the recovery of the fame.	i

Sheriff to be IV. And be it further, enacted. That the fheriff of the (ail reimburfed by county palatine of Durham who (ball have paid any fuch reward (i^MoTthe or rewar(*8 in purfuance of this aft, (hall and may iannaediatdy treafury. apply f°r repayment of the fame to the commiffiooers for executing the office of treafurer of his Majefty’s exchequer or the lord high treafurer for the time being; and the faid commifiioo-. ers for executing the office of treafurer of his Majefty’s exchequer, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, are and is hereby authorifed and required, upon infpefting a due certificate of the conviction of fuch offender or offenders within the faid county palatine of Durham, for which fuch reward o*Te_wards (hall have been ordered to be paid, as aforefaid, together with the receipts or acquittances of the parties intitled to receive the fame, forthwith to repay ter the (heriff of the faid county palatine of Durham, out of the revenue of the crown, without fee or reward whatsoever, all fuch monies fo di(burfed and paid, as aforefaid, by fuch (heriff, other than and except the double of the fum or fums of money, and treble cofts of fuit, to which fuch (heriff will be liable in default of payment of the reward or rewards within the time before limited for fuch payment. Expencesof V. And be it further enabled. That all the charges and cx-the aft how pences of obtaining this aft (hall be paid by the treafurer of the to be paid. j*ajd county palatine of Durham, out of the firft monies that (hall come into his hands from the rates of the faid county; and the fum fo paid by the treafurer of the faid county, in purfuanceof this a ft, (hill be allowed to the (aid treafurer by the jufticcs of the (aid county before whom the accounts of fuch treafurer (hall be paffed.

Fublick aft. VI. And be it further enabled, That this aft (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick aft; and be judicially faken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices, and other persons wbwnfoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP.

Digitized by Google

393

f 74-•! Anno decimo quarto GeoRGH III. c.47.

CAP. XLVII.

* d£f to indemnify fucb perfom as have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices and employments; and to indemnify juflices of the peace* or others* who have omitted to regifler or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law* and for giving further-time for tbofe purpofes; and to indemnify members and officers* in cities* corporations* and borough towns* wbofe admiffions have been omitted	,

to befamped according to law* or, having been jiampcd, have been ia/1 or mijlaid, and for allowing them time to provide admiffions duly Jlamped; and to give further time to fucb per fins as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution ofindentures of clerks to attornies and fi licit or s.

ETTX HEREAS divers per fins* who* on account of their offices* Preamble.

V V places* employments* or profeffions* or any other catife or occa • on* ought to have taken and fubferibed the oaths* or the affurance* re- p f be&iwly appointed to be by J'uch perfons taken and fubferibed* in ^ wnTtied y an a& made in the firji year of the reign of his late majeffy King to take the jeorge the Firff* of glorious memory* (intituled, An aft for the oaths appoint-urther fecurity of his Majefty’s perfon and government, and the *d fucceflion of the crown in the heirs of the late princefs Sophia* 1 Gco%l* >eing proteftants; and for extinguifhing the hopes of the pretended prince of IVales* and his open and fecret abettors;) or to have qualified thmfehes according to an all* made in the thirteenth fear of the reign of King Charles the Second* (intituled* An aft for Aft 13 Car. a. the well-governing and regulating corporations;) or to have qualified themfelves according to another all* made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second* (intituled* An aft for pre- Aft *5 Car. *. venting the dangers which may happen from popifh recufants, by receiving the (acrament of the Lord’s fupper, according to the ufage of the church of England* and making and fubferibing the declaration againft tranfubftantiation therein mentioned;) or according to another all* made in the thirtieth year of the reign of King Aft 30 Car. a. Charles the Second„ (intituled* An aft for the more effectual pre-ferving tjie King’s perfon and government, by difabling papifts from fitting in either houfe of parliament;) or according to another all* made in the eighth year of the reign of his late majefty King George Aft 8 Geo. 1-the Firff* (intituled* An aft for granting the people called Quakers fuch forms of affirmation or declaration as may remove the difficulties which many of them lie under;) or according to another alt* made in the ninth year of the reign of his late majeffy King George Aft 9 Geo. s» the Second* (intituled* An act for indemnifying perfons who have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpofe; and for	,

amending fb much of an aft, patted in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, as requires perfons to qualify themfelves for offices before the end of the next term, or quarter feffions; and alfo for enlarging the time limited by law for making and fubferibing the declaration againft tranfubftantiation; and for * allowing a further time for inrolment of deeds and wills made by J> d 4	papifts*

Digitized by CjOOQle

394

Aft 19 Geo. a.

and aft d Geo. 9*

not qualifying before the pa fling of tbit

fa.

or before Dec. »5i *775,

Anno decimo quarto GfcOKGrt HI; V.-	[	i

papiftsj and for relief-of pfoteftant ffbfdfilcSrsy* deVfleesj mA ieflees;) or according to another aft, made iff it# eigh)ee&f& fear rf the reign of his late majejly King George the Second} (bttiisdMi An aft to amend and render more eflFe&ual an a S; paflW in the fifth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft* for ik* further qualification ofjuft ices of the peace;) or according tdjamdtbeb msdi in the fixthyear'of the reign of his prefent Maufyj(irtliiuledy An*# for altering the oath of abjuration, and the affanance; arid for amending fo much of an ad, made in the feventh year of her late majefty Queen Anney intituled. An oft for the improvement of ibt union of the two kingdoms, as, after the time therein limited, requires the delivery of certain lifts and copies therein memtoned toperfons indided of high treafon, or mifprifioii of treafon,)Atf&r, through ignorance of the law, abfence> or feme unavoidable oerldest, omitted to take and fubferibe the faid oaths and ajfurante, arid retch aek fubferibe the declaration required by law, or otherwife to qualify them-Jelves as of orefaid, within fuch timey and in Julb matmebyeei turned bj the faid afis refpeftively, or by any other aft of parliament in that behalf made, is required, whereby they have incurred^ or may be hr danger of incurring, divers penalties and difabilities: fib quietinglht minds of his Majejly s fubjeftsy and for preventing any 'webnvemewdn that might otherwife happen by means of fuch omijjions;	n eOaded

by the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with thfc adVietmd confent of the lords fpirirual and temporal, aild cotrimons,' in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all and every perfon or perfons, who, at, or before, the paflTmg of this ad, hath or fhall have omitted to take and fubferibe the faid oaths and declarations, or to receive the facra-ment of the Lord’s fupper, or otherwife to qualify himi her, or themfelves, within fuch time, and in fuch manner, as in and by the faid ads, or any of them, or by any other ad of parliament in that behalf made, is required ; and who, after accepting any fqch office, place, or employment, or undertaken any profofiion or thing on account of which fuch qualification ought to have beert had, and is required, before the paffing of this ad, hath or have taken and fubferibed the faid oaths, or made the declarations required by law, and alfo received the facramem of the . Lord’s fupper, according to the ufage of the church of England, or who, on or before the twenty-fifth day of December, one thoti-fand feven hundred and feventy-five, (hall take and fubferibe the faid oaths, declarations, and afluranee refpedively, in facto <afes wherein by law the faid oaths, declarations, and afTuranCe, ought to have been taken or fubferibed, in fuch manner and form, and at or in fuch place or places, as are appointed in and by the faid adt, made in the firft year of the reign of his faid late majefty feing George the Firft, or by any other a6k or adls of parliament in that behalf made and provided, and alfo hath or have received, or (hall, on or before the faid twenty-fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-five, receive the facrament of the Lord’s fupper, according to the ufage of the church of tygland, iq fuch cafes wherein the faid (acrameqt ought to have

Digitized by

Google

774-1 Anpodechp? qijartqGsorgii III. 0,47.	395

:esv r&eW^vLi^ and hajthpr have made and fubferibed, or /hall,

1 or before,the (aid twenty-fifth day of December* one thoufand

ven hundredand feventy-Jive, make and fubferibe the faid de-

arption agamft tranfubftautiation, and alfo bath or have made

id fubferibed, or (hall, on or before the faid twenty-fifth /day

f D*cepnb*r+ opejhpuiand (eyen hundred and feyepty-fiye, puke

ad fpbfctibe the faid declaration, in the (aid. ftatute made ip the	,	.

lirti/eth year of King Charles the Second, in fuel) cafes wherein

le ffod .declarations ought to have been made and fubferibed,,

nd take and fubfcribe the oath direded by the /aid ad made ip

ae eighteenth year of the xcigp of his late m^jefty King George

he Second, iafuch cafe* whereip the faid oath opght to have heenr

iken and fubfcribed9in inch manner as by the faid ad is direded,v

balj be, and are berebyindemnified, freed, and difeharged, frotn ind?™n*fic<1

^nd againft all.penalties, forfeitures, incapacities, and difabilities futures.0**

ncurred, or to be incurred, for or by reafop of any negled or

tmiffipn previous,uxthetpaffing of this ad, of taking and fub-

crihing the fiud .oaths, or afTurance, or receiving the facrament,

>rmaking,or fubforibing the faid declarations, or taking or fub-bribing the faid oath,.according to the above-mentioned ads, or toy of them, or any other ad or ads; and fuch perfon or per-ions is and are,and lhall be, fully and a&ually recapacitated and reftored to the lame date and condition as he, /he, or they, were in before fuch negled or omifiion, and (hall be deemed and adn judged to. have duly qualified him, her, or themfelves, according to. the above-mentioned ads, and every of them: and that a)i eledions of, aod ads dqne, or to be done, by any fuch perfon or perfons, or by authority derived from him, her, or them, are and (hall be of the fame force and validity as the fame, or any of them* would have beep if fuch perfon or perfons refpedively had taken the faid oath or aflurance, and received the facrament of the Lord’s fupper, and made and fubferibed the faid declarations, and taken and fubferibed the faid oath, according to the di-ipdioR of the faid ads, and every or any of them ; and that the qualification of fuch perfon or perfons, qualifying themfelves ia manner, and within the t^me appointed, by this ad, (hall be, to all intents and purpofe$,a3 effedual as if luch perfon or perfons had refpedively taken the faid oaths and aflurance, and received the facrament, and made and fubferibed the (aid declaration, and taken and fubferibed the faid oath, within the time, and in the manner, appointed by the feveral ads before mentioned.

II.	Provided always. That this ad, or any thing herein con- Not to indent-tained, (hall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, tp indemnify jrj^foran^* any perfon againft whom final judgment (hall have been given, penalty in-in any adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his curred by ne-Majefty's courts of reoord, for any penalty incurred by having negleded to qualify himfelf within the time limited by law.	^	*mm

IIL And zvbereas the appointments of divers clerks of the peaee% town clerks? and other publick officers, and the admiffions of divers members, and officers of cities, corporations, and borough towns, or the entries of fuch admiffions in the court books, rolls^ or records of fuch

cities*

.	Digitized	by	Google

Perfons producing ap-

>5#>775t

396	Anno	dccifno quarto GeoRGH III. c. 47.	[1774.

cities, corporations, and borough towns, which by feveral a£fs of p&-foment are directed and required to be Jtamped, maynotbaroe beet provided, <?r	yime /is/ Jlamped, or may have been left or

be k further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That* for there-1 ents ^ fuch perfons whofe appointments and admilfions, or the ancTadm^ffions entries of whqfe admilfions as aforefaid may not have been pro-before Dec. vided, of not duly {lamped, or where the iame have been loft cr liiiflaid, it {hall and may be lawful toand for fuch perfons, on or before the twenty-fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and fevcnty-five, to provide, or caufe to be provided* appointments and admilfions, or entries of admilfions* as afore-faid, duly (lamped ; or, in cafe where fuch appointments* ad-millions, or entries of admilfions, as afenefaid, have been te<fc or provided, but have not been duly damped, to produce fuch appointments, admilfions, or entries of admiffions, as aforefeid, to the commilfioners appointed to infped and manage the revenues of the (lamp-duties to be duly damped; which fuch commilfioners are hereby authorized, impowered, and required to duly (lamp, on payment of the duties firft payable, or to have been paid on fuch appointments, admilfions, or entries of admilfions, as aforefaid, without any fine or forfeiture thereon; and fuch perfons fo providing appointments, admiflioits* or entries of admilfions, as aforefaid, duly damped, or procuring the fame to be duly damped, in manner aforefaid, are and (hall be hereby confirmed and qualified to aft as clerk of the peace* town clerk, or other publick officer, or member or members* officer or officers, of fuch cities, corporations, and borough towns re-tar^mions <i*tfively, to all intents and purpofes, and (hall and may hold 9 and enjoy, and execute fuch offices, or any other office or offices, into which he or they hath or have been elefted, notwithdand-ing his or their omiffion, or the omilfion of any of their prede-cefTors, in fuch cities, corporations, or borough towns, as aforefaid; and lhall be indemnified and difeharged of and from all incapacities, difabilities, forfeitures, penalties, and damages, by reafon of any fuch omilfion ; and none of his or their adts (hall be queftioned or avoided by reafon of the fame.

IV.	Provided always, That this aft, or any thing herein con-

curred by rea- tained, lhall not extend, or be conllrued to extend, to reftore or fon of oouf- intitle any perfon or perfons to any office or employment, be-,ons*	nefice,	matter,	or	thing whatfoever, already aftually avoided by

Not to extend judgment of any of his Majefty’s courts of record, or already le-!onsCto°anyer* SaI,Y UP an<* enjoyed by any other perfon; but that fuch

office, employment, benefice, matter, or thing, fo avoided, or legally filled up and enjoyed, (hall be and remain in and to the perfon or perfons who is or are now, or (hall* at the paffing of this a£t, be legally intitled to the fame, as if this a£t had never been made.

V.	And whereas many perfons have omitted to caufe affidavits to be made, and afterwards to be filed in the proper office, of the a&ucl execution of feveral controls in writing entered into by them to fervo is clerks to attornies or folicitors, within the time in which the fame

ought

ilia]] be confirmed and qualified to aft as clerk, officer, or member of

&c. may enjoy all offices into which they have been eiefted; and lhall be indemnified from all penalties and damages in

office avoided by judgment.

Digitized by Google

774-3 Anno dedmo quarto Georgii IIL c. 47J	$97

ught to have been done, and many infants, and others, may thereby tieur certain dijabilitin ; for preventing thereof, and relieving fuch >erfons; be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That every Pcrfotat who >er(on who, at the paffing of this a<3, (hall have neglected or 2davit»Vo^« emitted to caufe any fuch affidavit or affidavits as aforefaid to fi|eYbefore >e made and filed* and who, on or before the firft day of Mi* Michaelmas* haelmas term, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four, 1774* hall caufe one or more affidavit or affidavits to be made, and ifterwards to be filed, in fuch manner a9 the fame ought to lave been made and filed in due time, (hall be, and is hereby indemnified, freed, and difeharged, from and againlt all penal- are indemm-:ies, forfeitures, incapacities, and difabilities, in or by any afl	dd*

or adls ©f parliament mentioned and incurred, or to be incurr-ed, for or by reafon of fuch negled or omiflion; and every ^ fuch affidavit and affidavits fo to be made, and which (hall bo duly filed on or before the (aid firft day of Michaelmas term, one thoufapd feven huhdred and feventy-four, (hall be as ef-fo&ual, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had been made and filed within the refpelhve times the fame ought, by the laws now in being for that purpofe, to have been made and filed.

VI.	And, for the relief of any perfon or perfons who through neg- Perfons pay-left or inadvertency have omitted to pay the fever cl rates and duties, 5n^tJe fates or any f art thereof, upon monies given, paid, controlled, or agreed	on

for, with or in relation to any clerks, apprentices, or Jervants, who &c. before* have been put or placed to or with any majier or mijlrcfs to learn any Sept. 19,1774.* profejfion, trade, or employment, and to have fuch indentures, or other to be tree of writings, which contain the covenants, articles, contrails, or agree- a11 ments, relating to the feruice of fuch clerk, apprentice, or fervent,

Jiamped within the times by (be feveral afts of parliament for thofe purpofes refpeClively limited; or who have alfo in like manner omitted to injert and write, in words at length, in Juch indentures, or other* writings, as aforefaid, the full fum or fums of money, or any part thereof received, or in any-wife direftly or indireftly given, paid, or agreed, or contracted for, with, or in relation to every fuch clerk, apprentice, or fervant, as aforefaid; be it ena&ed. That, upon payment of the rates and duties upon monies, or fuch part of fuch monies fo neglected or omitted to be paid as aforefaid, on or before the firft day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four, rix (uch perfon or perfons to whom the fame ought to be paid, and tendering the faid indentures, or other writings, to be damped at the fame time, or at any time on or before the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four, (of which timely notice is to be given in the London Gazette), the fame indentures, or other writings, (hall be good and available in law or equity, and may be given in evidence in any court whatfoever; and the clerks, apprentices, or fervants, therein named, (hall be capable of following and exercifing their refpe&ive intended trade or employment, as fully as if the faid rates and duties fo omitted had been duly paid, and the full fum or fums received or agreed •

Digitized by

Per Cons pro-fecuted, and hereby meant to be indemnified, may plead the general iffue.

Preamble.

No mfurance to be made on the lives of perfons having no intereft, &c.

No policies on lives without inferring the pertons names, &c.

How much may be recovered where the infured hath intereft in lives.

Not to extend to infurancei on Grips, goods, jcc.

Anno decimo quarto GeoRGII III. c. 48.	[1774.

for as aforefaid had been inferted; and the perfons who ban incurred ariy penalties by the omifiiona -aforefaid (hall be acquitted and difeharged of and from the faid penalties (except lncb perfons againft whom any procefs has been already commenced) ; any thing in the faid former ads to the contrary notwitb-ftanding.

VII- And be it further enaded, That in, cafe any adion, fuit, bill of indidment, or information, (hall* from and dfar the patting of this ad, be brought, carried on, or profccutcd, againft any perfon or perfons hereby meant or intended to be indemnified, recapacitated, or reftored, for or on account ci any forfeiture, penalty, incapacity, or difability whatfoever, ia-curred, or to be incurred, by any fuch negled or ooftiffiofi, ftich perfon or perfons may plead the general ittfue, andqpea their defence give this ad, and the fpecial matter, in evidence, upon any trial to be had thereupon.

CAP. XLVIIIt

Au afl for regulating infurances upon lives, and f or prohibiting fuch infur antes, except in cafes where the perfons tnfuring /ball bcu an intereji in the life or death of the perfons infured\

WHEREAS it hath been found by experience, that the moling infurances on lives, or other events, wherein the affitrd JhaU have no intereji, hath introduced a mifehievous kind of gaming: For remedy whereof, be it cnaded by King’s moft exceBem majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the patting of this ad, no infurance (hall be made by any perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, op the life or lives of any perfon or perfons, or on any other event or events whatfoever, wherein the perfon or perfons for whofe uie, benefit, or on whofe account fuch policy or policies (hall be made, (hall have no intereft, or by way of gaming or wagering; and that every afiurance made, contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, (hall be nul and void, to all intents and purpo&s whatfoever.

II. And be it further enaded, That it (hall not be lawful to make any policy or policies on the life or lives of any peribnor perfons, or otjier event or events, without inferting in fuch policy or policies the perfon or perfons name or names interelted therein, or for whofe ufe, benefit, or on whofe account, fuch policy is fo made or underwrote.	,t

In. And be it further enaded, That in all cafes wherethe infured hath intereft in fuch life or lives, event or.events, no greater fum (hall be recovered or received from thejnfurer or infurers than the amount or value of the intereft of tlib infured in fuch life or lives* or other event or events.	.

IV. Provided always. That nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to infurances bona Jidi made

by

Digitized by (^.ooQLe

*774-1- Aono decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 49.	^99

h>y any perfon or perfons, on (hips, goods, or merchandifes \ b>ut every fuch insurance (hall be as valid and effedual in the law, as if this ad had not been made.

CAP. XLIX.

An oft for regulating madhoufet.

TT7 H B R E A S many gnat and dangerous abufesfrequently arife Preamble* W frotli the prefentjiate of boufes kept for the reception of luna-ticks, for want of regulations with refpeft to the perfons keeping fuch boufes, the admiffton of patients into them, and the vifitation by proper _ perfons of the /aid houfes and patients: And whereas the law, as it nowJiands, is infujficient for preventing or difcovering fuch abufes \ may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaded; and be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the twentieth day After Nov. to, of November, one thou fan d feven hundred and feventy-four, if *774. if any perfon or perfons, in that part of Great Britain called Eng- peW™15°ncea* land, the dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, junaric^witht (hall, upon any pretence whatfoever, conceal, harbour, enter- out licence, tain, or confine, in any houfe or place, kept for the reception of he foall for-lunaticks, more than one lunatick, at any one time, withoutfcit 500** r having fuch licence for that purpofe, as is herein-after direded,-(except fuch lunaticks as are committed by the lord high chan* cellor of Great Britain, or lord keeper, or commiffioners for the cuftody of the great feal for the time being), every fuch perfon (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fura of five hundred pounds.

II.	And, in order that proper perfons may be appointed for vifit- R0yal college ing fuch houfes as /ball be licenced and kept for the reception of luna- of phyficians ticks, within the cities of London and Weftminfter, and within ^ London, /even miles of the fame, and within the county of Middlefex, be it Jr** further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the prefident may*c|ed and fellows of the royal college of phyficians in London for the fellows for time being, at a general meeting of the faid college, to be held up- grantingU-on the laft day of September, or if that day falls upon Sunday, then cciaces*

the firft day of Oftober, in every year, (hall eled five fellows of the faid college for granting fuch licences as aforefaid, withift the faid cities of London and fVefminfler, and within fever* miles of the fame, and within the faid county of Middlcfe^ who are deaccord ing to the diredions of this ad; and the (aid five fellows, dared to be fo eleded, (hall be, and are hereby declared to be, commi(fion-®M®iffionerl ersfor granting fuch licences within the limits aforefaid, for the	pur*

year then next enfuing; provided that two, at lead, of the faicT fellows, to be fo eleded, (hall be perfons who have not aded as commiffioners for the preceding year; and that no perfon whatfoever (hall be capable of being eleded, or of ading as a com-miflioner, for more than three years fucceffivelv.

III.	And be it further enaded, That in cale, at any time oflf * fufficieat eJedion, there (hall not be found a fufficient number of fellows qualified or willing to ad as commiffioners, the faid prefident

fellows be not

Digitized

and

oogle

400

qualified, See. a licenciate may a&, Sec.

In cafe of death, See. pi efident to call a meeting for the election of another commiflioner.

Every com-miflioner to take the following oath*

Commiflion-ers not attending, or refuting to take the oath, for* f*>t S*«

C^Qmjniifioar ecs meeting* to be in the college hall, &c.

Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 49.	[1774.

and fellows are hereby required, upon every fuch deficiency, to eledt one or more from among the licenciates ta fupply the fame.

%IV. And be itfurther enadted by the authority aforefaid, Tfcar as often as any of the commiflioners, to be eledted as aforefaid, (bail die, or refute to adt, the faid prefident is hereby reqidrtd to call a meeting of the (aid fellows, within fourteen days oe£ after fuch death, or refufal (hall be known to the faid prefidem* in order to eledt a commiflioner in the room of ev£ry coqw xniflioner who (hall fo die, or refufe to adt; and every commiflioner, fo to be eledted, (hall be, and is hereby vefted with the fame power and authority, in all refpe<5ts whatsoever, as the commiflioner in whole place he (hall be chafes was vefted with.

V.	And be it further enadted, That every perfon who (hall be eledted a commiflioner to adt within the cities of London and JVeJtminJlery and within feven miles of the fame, and within the county of Middlefex, as aforefaid, (hall, within ten days after fuch eledtion, take the following oath; (that is to fay),

I A. B. do fwear, That I will faithfully and impartially execute all the trufis committed unto me, by virtue of an aft of parliament y made in the fourteenth year of the reign of King George the Third, intituled, An adt for regulating madhoufes; and that 1 will not, direflly or indirectly, give notice, or cavfe notice to be given to the keeper, or perfon having the care of any houfe or place licenfti for the reception of lunatieks, of the time of vifitation of fueb heufe or place.

So help me GO D.

Which oath it (hall and may be lawful for the prefident of the college of phyficians for the time being to adminifter to every fuch commiflioner, fo to be eledted as aforefaid, upon the day he (hall be fo eledted, or within ten days afterwards : And in caie ■ any perfon who (hall be eledted a commiflioner as afore/aid, and who (hall be fummoned by the prefident of the faid college to attend the faid prefident to take the faid oath, at fuch time as (hall be mentioned in fuch fummons, (hall refufe or negledt to attend, or attending, (hall refufe to take the faid oath, he (hall forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds, to be applied to the ufe of the faid college.

VI.	And be it further enadted, by the authority aforefaid. That tj>£ faid commiflioners, fo to be elected as aforefaid, or any three pr more of them, (hall meet in the hall, or fome other convenient place in the faid college, as often as they (hall think fit, fo as fuch meetings do not interfere with the meetings of the board of cenfors, nor with any other general meeting of the college of phyficians; and that at all meetings of the faidcoov-‘miflioners to be holden for the purpofes of this adt, the com-miflioncr who is of the longed ftanding in the college (hall be the chairman*

VII. And

Digitized by Google

774-1 Anno declmo quarto Georgii III. 0.49?	401

VII.	And be it further enafted, That the treafurer of the Treafurerof aid college for the time being lhall be the treafurer for the pur->ofes of this aft 5 and that the faid commiflioners, or any three for triie »r more of them, (hall, at fome meeting, to be holden within pores ot this ourteeq days next after they, (hall be elefted as aforelaid, chufc ind appoint a proper perfon to be their fecretary for the year Secretary to hen enfuing; and fuch fecretary (hall be paid fuch falary or ** appointed, gratuity, for his trouble and attendance in the execution ot his office, by the faid treafurer, as the faid commiflioners^ or any :hree or more of them, (hall order and direft; and every fuch [ecretaiy (hall, at the next meeting of the faid commiflioners af-	take

ter he (nail be fo appointed, take the following oath ;	thc oatb*

I A. B. do fweary That I will faithfully execute all fuch trufls as Jhall be committed to my charge, as fecretary to the cornmiffioners for executing an afl of parliament, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of King George the Third, intituled, An aft for regulating madhoufes ; and that I will keep fecret all fuch matters as /ball come to my knowledge, in the execution of my office, (except when required to divulge the fame by legal authority.)

So help me GOD.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That thc faid commiflioners, Time of the or any three or more of them, (hall meet annually on the third commiHioners Wednefday in the month of Oflober, or within ten days after* for*grant-wards, in order to grant licences to perfons for keeping houfes jn| licences, for thc reception of lunaticks for one year, from the twentieth day of November then next enfuing, within the faid cities of London and Weftminjhry and within feven miles of the fame, and within the faid county of Middlefex; but notice of the place, and of the day and hour of eveiy meeting for granting fuch licences, (hall always be publilhed three feveral times in the Lon-don Gazette, before the day of meeting for granting any fuch licences, (which licenced thev are hereby required to grant to all perfons who lhall defire the lame); and all licences to be granted Licences to be by the faid commiflioners (ball be duly (lamped with a five foil-lings (lamp, and (ball be under the hands and feals of three or a more of the faid commiflioners, for each of which licences there (hall be paid to the faid fecretary, by the perfon applying to take out the fame, the fums following; (that is to fay), for each and Sums to be every houfe wherein there (hall be kept any number of lunaticks, Pa,d b£.Pcr* not exceeding ten, the Cum of ten pounds; and for each and ^licences, every houfe wlierein there fhall be Kept above t.en, the fum of fifteen pounds, and no more, oyer and abpve what (hall have been paid for the faid (lamp; which money (hall be paid over by the faid fecretary to the faid treafurer; and foe further fum of fix (hillings aud eight-pence, and no more, (hall be paid on every fuch licence to the (aid fecretary for his fee.

IX.	Provided always, That no one licence (hall authorife any No licence to perfon or perfons to keep more houfes than one for the recepr authorife any tion of lunaticks; nor lhall any licence, to-be granted by virtue	none

houfe j and to

.

be in force only one year.

So commiffi-oner, while in otiice, to keep any houfe for. lunaticks, &c. on penalty of jol.

Prefidertt to fummon com-mitfoners at • tendance for the firlt meet* ing.

'Two commif-iioner* may call a meeting.

Chairman to have the carting vote.

Cortimiflion-ers to vifit and infpett licenf* ed houfes.

At fuch vlfita-tion the com-mirtioners are to make minute* of the rtate of houfes.

Anno decimo quarto GEokGit Ifl. c.49.	£	ty-jn

of thls’adfc, continue*in force feifatty Vori^^'tnAlHtCm fijr tscd year.'	”	"	‘ '	'	*	*	v	%

X.	And bfe It furthet eni^etf by tbe**utfcoHty ifertf&f. That no commifttoncr, to be appointed aSafofttrid, mtik tf~ fe&ly or indirectly, during the timfe he (hall be a dAuftfUUx?, be intererted in keeping *ny houfe for thedeception ticks, upon pain of forfeiting,T fof fuch offence the	Urt

pounds.	1

; XL And be it further enaCted, That the prefid efnt ofjhrfiid College of phyficians for the time being (hall, sfnd is* hffcMy required to caufe fumfnons tobefent tothe faid federal cdtfimrf-fioners, requiring them to attend at the firft meeting affetAcy (hall be appointed commiflioners, as aforelaid ; all whidifiini* mons (hall be fent by the beadle, or fuch other perfon belonging to jthe faid college, as the faid prefident (hall think proper; and (hall be left at the refpeCtive houfes, of ufual places of a-bode, of each commiflioner.

XII.	Provided neverthelefs, That In cafe any two cdhfmif-

fioners (hall, at any time or times, think proper to calt 4‘niceN ing of the raid commiflioners, fuch two commiffioneffr *iniy themfelves caufe the like notice to be given, and to be Raf, n manner aforefald, to the other commiflioners, requiring their attendance at fuch time and place as (hall be expfefled ip ipch notice.	,	*	'

XIII.	Provided always* That at all meetings of the faid 90m-miffioners in the execution of this adt, in cafe of an equality of votes, the chairman (hall have the carting vote.

XIV.	And be it further enadled. That the faid commiffion-«nrs, or any three or more of them, either by themfelves or with their fecretary, hs they (hall think fit, (hall, and they are hereby required, once at lead in every year, and whenever required by the lord high chancellor, or lord keeper, or comthiflTonen for the cuftody of the great feal, or by the lord chief juftioe of the court of king’s bench, or by the lord chief juftice of the court of common pleas for the time being, to vifit and infpect aSIXuch houfes as (hall have been licenced by them, as afore (aid, between the hours of eight and five in the day-titne; irid may, in like manner, at any other time or times, within the houfs a-forefaid, vifit and infpedt all fuch houfes as often as they* or any three or .more of them, (hall think neceflary, and mall have, at all fuch times, liberty and power to continue JnjTuch houfe, and to examine the perions confined as lunaticks, therein, for fuch time as they (hall think proper*

XV.	And be it further enacted, That the faid commiifi&erf,

or their fecretary, (hall, at every fuch vifitation*. make minutes in writing, of the rtate and condition of all fuch houfes vybich they (hall fo vifit, as to the care of the patients therein, and all fuch other particulars as they (hall think deferve their notice, together with their obfervations thereupon; all which nnhptes (hall, within one week next after fuch vifitation,	the	faid

fecretary entered, by way of report, in a regifter to be kept by

-	*	Kim

Digitized by v^.ooQle

1774-1 Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 49.'	403

him in thefeid college of phyficians for that purpofe, and the fame (hall be read to, and figned by, the faid commiffioners, or any three or more of them, at their, next meeting; but no minute which tends to impeach the chara&er of any boure (hall be fo entered, unlefs fuch minute (hall have been previouffy figned by three or more of the faid commiffioners, who (hall have been prefent at fuch vifitation; and in cafe the commiffion-ers, upon their vifitation, (hall difeover any thing that, in their opinion* (hall deferve cenfure or animadverfion, they (hall, in that cafe, report the fame; and fuch part of their report, and no more, (hall be hung up in the center's room of the college, to	%

. be perufed and infpedted by any perfon who (hall apply for that purpofe.

XVI.	And be it further enadted, That in cafe the keeper of Keeper* with-any houfe or place for the reception of lunaticks, within the

cities of London or JVeflminJier, or within feven miles dif- &c nMmg tance thereof, or within the county of Middlefex, (hall refufe admittance* all or any of the faid commiffioners, at the time of their vifua- to forfeit their tion, admittance into fuch houfe or place as aforefeid, with or hetnee. without their fecretary, the matter or keeper of fuch houfe or place (hall, for fuch offence, forfeit his licence.

XVII.	And be it further enadted. That the faid commiffion- CommifBon-

ers, or any three or more of them, (hall, from time to time,	nt

caufe an exadt account to be kept of all their proceedings; and of their pro* all fuch accounts (hall be entered in the fame regifter as the mi- ceedingt, nutes taken at their vifitations are diredted to be entered as a-

' forefaid; and the faid regifter (hall be lodged in the college of phyficians in a drong chcft or box, which faid ched or box (hall be under the care of the beadle or houfe-keeper belonging to the faid college, and (hall be carefully locked up, from time to . * time, by the fecretary to the faid commiffioners, and the key thereof kept by fuch feefetary; which faid regider (hall be deemed to belong to the faid commiffioners, and the key of the faid ched or box (hall be delivered over to every fucceeding fecretary, whenever the former fecretary (hall go out of office, and be kept by fuch fucceeding fecretary in manner aforelaid, for the ufe of the faid commiffioners.

XVIII.	Provided always. That the prefident of the faid col- Prefident of

lege (hall have liberty to infped the (aid regider, from time to the coliege to time, as often as he (nail think proper, provided fuch infpe&ioo in*Pj**thc be made at the college, and in the prefence of the fecretary to p^rence of the (aid commiffioners.	the fecretary.

XIX.	And be it further enaded, That if any perfon (hall on applica-apply to one of the commiffioners, in order to be informed whe- tion to the thcr any particular perfon or perfons have been confined in any commiflion-of the faid liccnfed houfes, and the faid commiffioners (hall

think it reafonable to permit fuch inquiry to be made, and (hall cerning con-fign an order, directed to the fecretary for that purpofe; he, fined perfon*, the bid fecretary, is hereby required, upon the receipt of fuch the fecretary is order, to make fearch upon his papers: and if it (hall appear, up-on fuch fearch, that the perfon or perfons fo enquired after have * V01..XXX.	Eo	been

Digitized by t^ooQle

4°4

One guinea to be paid, on each infpc&i-on, to each commiflioner ;

and exalt aC-cotntrt-tobe kept by the tre* hirer.

Notice to be given, within th; ee d »v« at ter adodflion of patients to the fecretary by the keeper.

N^ice bow to be directed*

Anno decimo qmrta Gsorgu m. c 49.	[1774.

been confined in any of die faid houfes, the Xud Secretary (hall immediately acquaint the perfon* fo applying with fbe namc of the keeper in whole bottle, and alio the. names oT tbofc by whole direction and adviae, fuch perfonor porfons have, been fo confined.

XX.	And be it further enaded. That the (aid trealurer foall, and is hereby required to pay to each of the 4id>oomraiflipnct$ fiorevery time they (hall, in obedience to this *&»ornny requjfi-tionthereincontained> vifit and infped any fuch licenfed houfe or place, as afordaid, within the limits afarefaid* the him of one guinea ; and (hall alfo pay and dtfeharge all fuch reafonabfeex-penres of the laid commiffioners as they (hall, from time> to time, incur in the execution of this act; and the faid treafurer is hereby required, from time to time, to keep an exa& and true account of all monies by him received and dilburfed in relation to this ad, and (hail enter foch account in a book to be kept for that pvrpofe; which book (hall be lodged in the box or cheft where the regifter of the proceedings of the faid coounif-fioners is drreded to be kept, as afbrebid; which accounu (hall be produced to the prefident of the faid college, when required by the faid prefident and efafts, to be exatnkied and fettled by ihem; and if, upon fuch examination, the bid accounts (hall appear to be juft and reafonable, the fame fhall,be allowed and fiened by the faid prefident, and at leaft four of the detts, and (hall be by the faid prefident reported, together with the other accounts, at the next general meeting of the faid college; and the kid account, being fo allowed, figned, and reported, (hall be a full difeharge to the faid treafurcr for fo much money as (hall in fuch account appear to have been dif-buried by him, on account of the execution of this a&.

XXI.	Ands m order that the faid commiffioners may know when any patient is received into any fucb licenfed boufe or phce9 as afire-hid* be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the keeper of every fuch licenfed houfe or place within the bid cities of London and Wejtminjiir% and within feven miles of the fame, and within the bid county of Middlefex, is hereby required., within the fpace of three days after any patient (hall be received into any fuch licenfed houfe or place, (except fuch pauper lunaticks as (hall happen to be fent there by partih'officers), to caufe notice thereof to be given to the fectetary to the-fiud commiffioners, which notice (hall contain the name of every fuch perfon received as a lunatick into fuch houfe or place, the name or names, and place or places of abode* of the perfon or perfons by whofe direction fuch lunatick was font to fed* boufe or place, and alfo the name and place of abode of the phy-fician,furgeon, or apothecary, by whofe advice fuch dtre&ioo was given; all which notices (hall be fentfealed up, directed. Tat be Secretary to the Commiffioners for Ucenfmg Houfesfor the Reception ofJje~ mticksy tv he heft with the Beadle of the College of Pby ft cions in London ; all which notices the faid beadle is hereby dtre&ed to- re-ceivc, and to deliver to the faid fecretary, within two days after

6	'the

Digitized by v^ooQle

1774.} Annodedmo qifario G£o#Gli III. 4$.'	05

the fame (hall come to his hands*, and the fccretary is hereby Required td file and preferve all fuch notices, and alfo to enter*

45r caufe a copy or extraA thereof to^ be entered, in the regjiftefy

within two days after the receipt; of fuch notices; and every	4

keeper of any fuch licenfed houfe or pjace, who (hall admit* mittfng luna«

harbour, entertain, or confine, any perfon as a lunarick, with- ticks without

out having an order, ih writing, under the hand and fealof Tome an order, foe

phyfician, furgdon, or apothecary, that vfuch perfon Js proper *eit

to be received into fuch houfe or place as a luftatick, or (hall

receive any lunatick into any fuch houfe or place, having fuch

forder, and (hall not give notice thereof to the fecretary of the

faid commiflioners, within the time, and in the manner afore^

fa id, (hall forfeit and pay the futfi of one* hundred pounds.

XXII. Andy 'in order that fkcb hohfes cr places fot the reception dtort ffiad iff lunaticks as are not fituated within the limits aforefaid, may be bcUkcp[C!n put under fome regulation, be it further enaded* That no houfe, any houfe, which is not within the faid city of Louden, or within feven except in fuch miles of the fame, or within the faid county of Mtddlifex, (hall as are Ikcnftd. be kept for the reception of more than one lunatick, unlefs fuch

houfe or place (hall be licenfed by the juftices of the peace, at fome quarter fefflons of the peace to be holders for the county or place wherein fuch houfe or place (hall be fituated;

XXIII.	And be it further ena&edy That the juftices of thd JafKcH to peace, at any general quarter feflions of the peace, to be holden grant licenced ror any fuch county or place, are hereby authorifed and requir- at general «d to grant licenced to fuch perfon and perfons as (hall apply for ||on”*ra^*re-that purpofe, fuch perfon or perfons paying for each licence the ceivtYor every fums following; (that is to fay), for each and every houfe, houfe keeping wherein there (hall be kept any number of lunaticks, not ex* M Exceeding deeding ten, the fum of ten pounds, and no mfore 5 and for each Jol ^and for and every houfe, wherein there (lull be kept above the number above that often lunaticks, the fum of fifteen pounds, and no more; and number that no one licence (hall authorife any perfon or perfons to keep

more houfes than one for the reception of lunaticks, nor (hall any fuch licence be granted for any longer term than for one year; and the faid juftices (hall, at the time of granting fuch lr-^encts as aforefaid, nominate and appoint two juftices of the peace for the faid county, and alfo one phyfician, to vifit and in-fpe<5t all fuch houfes as (hall be licenfed by fuch juftices as afote-faid; and the faid juftices and phyficians, fo nominated and ap-pointed, or any two of them,* whereof the phyfician to be one* may, and are hereby authorifed and impoweied to vifit, in the day-time, every houfe fo licenfed, within the county where fuch houfe or place (hall be fo licenfed, as often as they (hall think fit.

XXIV". And be it further ena&ed, That the faid juftices and Juftices, tt ri-phyfician, fo nominated, or fuch of them as (hall vifit any licenfed Stations, to -houfe as aforefaid, may at every vifitation, if they think necef* spates

t	1	l	r	1	t	-	or tne conoui-

wry, ma««, or caufe to be made, minute?, in writing, of the ontot houfc*j

ftateand condition of every houfe w'hiich they (hall vifit, as to the /

tire of the patients therein, and all fuch other particulars as

£e>	thty-

Google

4o6	Anno dedmo quarto GeorgiIIH; £.49. if 1774.

they (hall think deferve their notice, together with their oWcr-wtuch minute* rations thereupon j all which minutes mall be entered, byvoy areto be en- ^	jn	a regifter to be kept for that porpofe, by tfoclek

ot report, "V °f l^c peace for the county where fuch hqufe or houfos (hall be the clerk! and licenfed as aforefaid, a copy whereof (hall, from time to- feme, a copy fait to be lent bylhefaid clerk of the peace to the fecretaryAo tfec^aid the fecretary. commifTioners, to be by him inferted in afeparatc regifter;

which regifter (hall be kept, in the lame box, and in the fame manner, as the redder belonging to the faid commiffiooccs is herein-before directed to be keptand the hid pferk ofthe peace (hall be paid fuch futh and fums of money for bis trouble in the execution of this adt as the faid jufticesih.il order and dire dl; and all money to be paid for fuch Uccnces as fba& be granted by the (aid juftices of the peace, as aforefaid, (hail be paid to the clerk of the peace, as aforefaid,who (hall keep an ac-' count thereof, in a book or. books to be- kept for that pMfpofe, and (hall account for the fame to the faid juftices, as often as he (hall be required fo to do; and all expences attending the execution of this aft, (except within the cities of	and Wtjl-

tninjhr, and within feven miles thereof, and alfo except within the faid county of Middlefnr), (hall be defrayed out' of fuch money as aforefaid, in fuch manner as the faid juftices (hall, from time to time, within their refpedtive counties, order and dinft.

XXV.	And be it further enatSed, That at fuch general qfvar-* ter feflion, when fuch juftices and phyfidan (hall be appointed ' * as aforefaid, the clerk of the peace (ball take die like oath,as is

appointed by this aft to be taken by the fecretary of the ieom* miflioners.

XXVI.	And belt further cnadted, That in cafe the keeper of

any houfe or place for the reception of lunaticks, not being within the faid city of Lutdn or IVtftminjitTy or within feven miles of the fame, or within the faid county of	r,fhall,

jn the day time, refufe the faid juftices and pbyfician, on fetch vifitation, admittance, at any time or times, into fuch houfe or place as aforefaid, the mafter or keeper of fttch houfe or place (hall, for fuch offence, forfeit his licence.

If a keeper do XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid? not give notice Thar the keeper of any houfe or place for .the reception of lu. of a lunatic^ sticks, not being within the faid city of Ltndtti or WeJlj&iJler, ’ or within feven tniles of the fame, or within the faidemmsy of Middltfix, (hall, and is hereby required, to give fuch notice, as aforefaid, of the receipt of every fuch lunaiick (except, focii pauper lunaticks as (hail happen to be lent there by-parKh officers ) to the fecretary to the commUfioattrs, at the college of phyfleians aforefaid, within the fpace of fourteen days from the time of fuch lunatick’s being received intoany fUdvhoufe or plapej and every keeper of any fuch licenfed houfe or place, who (hall admit, harbour, entertain, or confine, any perton as a lunatick, without having an order in writing, under the food and feal of feme phyfidan, furgeon, or apothecary, that fiicb perfon is proper to be received into fuch. houfe or. place.as a lu-

nadd,

Clerk of the peace to take the fecretaryV ©a‘h.

Keepers refu-fiog admittance to the jultices und pbyfician, to forfeit their licence.

within 14 days, he Hull forfeit 100I.

Digitized by Google

1774.3	Anno derimo quarto Gbo&gii III. c. 49.	407

flatick, or (half receive any lanatick into any fufch bbufe or piac^ having ib^ order, and ^all not give notice thereof to the fecfetary of tbe’ftid Commiflionefs, within the time, and in n- ^	#

the manner aforefaid; (hall forfeit and pay the fum ofone hundred pounds. .•	••	.a ,	.» i' ''VA

i' XdfcVMI. Andbe it further onla<5te<H That no fuola licetKt^aJicenqeto ihaiLbe grtriKd ia^afordfaid, either bythefaidcotmfit&IbnerajQr jwftioesof the peace, as aforefaid/unlcfs* upon granting fuck ^hofit re-iicenee, the pcrf6n to whom fudi licence is granted fhatt enter cognisance in imw recogniKmcd to the king's majefty, his heirs andfufcccffors, 1001, with tnstaefum of one hundred pounds,, *vhb two fufiicicntforetics, furcticl-ctadb in the fum of fifty pound*, or one fufficient furety in the flim of otte hundred pounds, under the uftial concktiaps; for the good behaviour^of fuch perfbn during the time for which fuch licence (hall be granted.

- oXXIX. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, The chancel-That the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, or lord keeper, ,(?r to orAf! or the commifiioners for the cuftody of the great feal, or the,fionmlTqr1ju-lord chief juftice of the court of king’s bench, or the Jord chief ftjCe*, to in jliftke of the court of common pleas for the time being, may, fpeft licenfed a* anytime or times, by any written order, dire&ed to the houses, and to cotamiffioners appointed by this ad, or to thejuftices of the makcrcP°*t» peace and pbyfitian, appointed vifitora, at any general quarter feffion, require the faid commiffioners, or any three or more of them, or the (aid vifitors, or any two of them, to vifitor infpetf any houfe or houfes fo licenfed; and alfo to make a report to hrm or them, touching fuch matters as they (hall, in fuch orders, be direded to inquire into, or as they (hall think tfofervmg Hife or their lordthips notice; apd the faid lord high they my^Jro chancellor, or lord keeper, or commiffioners for the cuftody of jq^Aa”d the great feal, or lord chief juftice of the court of king’s bench, ftcrp* a^j f Of the lord chief juftice of the court of common pleas, may al- mine parties, fo, at any time or rinks, by a like order, fend for, and infpeft the regifter or regifters fo to be kept as aforefaid; and may fom-mon and examine all or any of-the perfons concerned in the execution of this ad, as often as (hall be thought neceflary and proper; and in cafe they, or any of them, (hall not obey all fuch orders as aforefaid, within two days after the receipt of the fame, andifoaflnot (hew fufficient caule to the contrary, .every ‘ perfon fo offending,; (hah be deemed guilty of a contempt of the court of chancery, cdurt of king’s bend:, or court of common pie*, as the cafe (hall be.

■ 'XXX. Provided always, and it is hereby declared) That no- Not to extend thing in this ad comaiocd lhaJl extend, or be conftrucd to ex- t0 PVb,ick tttad, 4o any of the publitk hdfpitals within this kingdom. noipitals.

• XXXI. And whereas it is not intended by this o& to give the Uepers of anyhoufe-or boufes% fo to be iicenfed as aforefaid* or any ofiV&ferfo* edruerntd m confining any of bis Majefhfs fubjrfts there-new juftifiedtim from tbtit being able'to prone thoHJh pvfm fo Unfitted have been font there byfucb direftien-xnAadvice as are re-pared bp ibis ; be it therefore declared and coaled* That in Proceeding* to <	Ee	3	aUbejuffifiedia

courfe of com-f&ofi I?**

Pcpiltici and forfeiture* jiow tq be recovered and

sppWf#*

of

iflue.

Anno dedmo quarto GzotcuIILjCL^ [ *774*

*H proceedings that (hill be had under hicMspftyV writ of Habtas Corfuj, and in at) intbftmencs, »« formations,and actions, that Ihall be preferred and brought againiisny <pfrfenor perfbns, for confining or iH*treating any of his Majcfty’* tub-iefts, in any of the laid bpulps, the parties complained of ***& be obliged tojuftify their proceedings, according to the ooctrfie of the common law, pi (be fame manner as if thia>a&; had act been made.\	'

XXXII.	And be it further enafttd by th*authority aforesaid, Tfiatall penalties and forfeitures which (hall be incurred witfe* in the laid cities of Limit* or UUfimnfi^r^ ox within foven auks pf the fame, or within the faid cPunty of Middkfii^ for offences againft this ad, (hall and may be fued for andirdoovered in any pf the Courts of record at l^tfimkufier^ by aftion of debt, bin, plaint, or information, by the prefuient of the faid college for the time being, in the name of the treafurer belonging to the /aid college, at any time within fix calendar months after the pffcnce Committed ± and all fuch penalties apd forfeituies, when recovered, (hall, and arp hereby direfted to be paid to the fold treafurer; and Ihall be applied, (except fuch penalties and forfeitures as are otherwife direfted tp be applied by this aft), in manner following; (that is to fay), one moiety of all fuch penalties and forfeitures (hall go to the inforfner, and the other jnoiety towards defraying the expences attending the execution of this aft: and all penalties and forfeitures which (hain>e incurred for offences againft this aft, not withimthe find cities pf London or Wejlmiiflery or within fevrn miles of the fame, or within the faid county of Midjkjtx* (hall and may be fued for and recovered by aftiop of debt, bill, plaint, or information* by and in the name of the clerk pf the peace fpr the^ county Where any fuch offence (hall be committed; andatt fuoh penalties and forfeitures, when recovered, (half be applied^ pne moiety to the informer, and the oth^r moiety for defraying the expenefs attending the execution of this a£, within, iiicp county.

XXXIII.	And be it further cnafted. That if any aftion or fuit (hall be commenced or brought againf^ any perfon or persons, for any thing done in purfuance of this aft, the fame fh£i! be commenced within fix calendar mopths next after the 6ft committed ; and (half be laid or brought in the cpunty,’<ity, or placg, where the caufe cf aftion Ihall hav£“arifen, and not clfe-wherc ; and the defendant or defendants, in .every fuch dftfojt or Ant. (hall and may, at his eleftion, plead fpefially, or : ifi# general iflue, pot guilty j and give this aft, and the (pecki master, in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon; 2nd that tte fame was done in purfuance and by the Authority of fhii ajft: pnd if the fame Ihall appear to he fo done, or that fuch aftjoadr (uit fhall he brought in any of her county, city, or phee, or (hall pot have been commenced within the time before Hrtilted for bringing the fame; that then the jury (hall find i vcrdtft far thQ defendant or defendants; tad, upon 3 yeuhdi bcipg fo.iound,

‘ ‘ !	'	'	Pf

Digitized by LjOOQle

41774*} Almondadmo quaito GxoROU UL C. 50*—52.	409

or if th& plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall be nonfuited, er difgo^tinua Iiis, or her, or , their aft ion or fait, after the defendant or defeat dants (hall have appeared; or if, upon demurrer, judgement, fhall be given agdioft the plaintiff 0*1 plaintiffs* then^he defendant or defcndant&fhaU. recover treble co(|$, and have fuch re-Treble cofts. xnedy for recovering the fame 4s aj^y, defendant or defendants hath or have in any other cafes, by l W.

XXXIV.	And be it further enafted, That this aft (hall be Publick aft. deemed and taken to be a publiok aft > Ind be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges* juftices* and other perfons - whomfoever, without fpecially pteadiog the fame*

-	XXXV. And be further euafted hy the authority aiforefaid* Continuance

That this aft (hail continue; in foroe for the term of five of this aft. years, and from thence to. the end .of the then next fefikm of parliament.	>	#

C A P. L.

An aft to enable certain perfons, during the minority of Sir John Saint Aubyn baronet, ro renew’ and grant leafes of hinds, and to fell other lands, all at Plymouth dock, in tbe county of Devon, for the uis of his Majtfty, his heirs and faccefTors. *

CAP. LI.

As aft to confirm certain Tales and purchafes of eftates, made by tbegp» veroors of ri*e hee grammar fehool of King Edward the Sixth, in Macclesfield, in the county of Chefters to enable them to make other (alet, purchafes, and exchanges; and to improve and extend the benefits of 4l*e foundation of the fud fcbooL

■ *	,	t	,

C A P. LII.

ifat aft to enable tbe inhabitants of Grofvenor Square, in the county of " Mkkttefex, to pave, cleanfe, light, i?ater,and embellilh tbe faid /quart |

-	and .far ocher purpofe* therein mentioned.

Pteatqbic. Inhabitants may cleft trultees. Firft meeting of truftees.

Truftees may appoint officers. Proceedings to be entered in a book.' power of new paving veiled in truftees. Nothing in tbe aft (hall alter thf inheritance of the garden. Materials veiled in truftees. Truftees may contraft for paving, &c. and fue lor penalty in contrafts. Trultees may compound fpr pebalties. For preventing annoyances. To prevent accidents fforo leaving vaults open, or laying rubbilh in the fquare. Trultees may alter the petition of the pipes. Water-pipes may be repaired in certain cafes. Trultees may repair pavements, See, Provifo. Penalty on perfons breaking fences round the garden, or any lamps, &c. Rates, See. for the foveral purpqjes of the aft. Direftions how all empty boufes, and houses let to ambafladors, (hall be aflefled. How premises within the limits of the aft (which are rated jointly'with other premifes) may be f+» parately rated. Commencement of the rates. Inhabitants to pay races, srtvrf doduft them out of their rents, Tord Grofvenor to pay the balance eftbe annual rent, and afterwards the whole of the faid rent to the rrea-foftr to truftees, and (hall be difehargsri from ufes thereof. Truftees znmr. borrow money by annuities, or at intereft, if they think (it. Notice to be given previous to railing of money. Securities to be entered ittbooks. Arrears 6f rates how to be recovered. Treafurar and colleftor to account. Money paid by the treafurer to be entered in a book. Ex-jKdcff of, this aft,how to be paid. Writings may be without ttamps. Re- '

Covery and application of penalties. Diftre(s not ro be deemed unlawful ' for want of form. Proceedings not to be qualhed for want of form, or t* removed by Orttrgru Perfons aggrieved my appal fo the quarter-

^	£	e 4	*	litffioiuu	jm

Anno decknoquwtO’Gl(p^ift:llLrih$3^S4fe £17,4.

fefliom. Limitation of aftions. General iflue. Treble cofts. Frofifi-on* of the ad extended to parti of greets and mew*. Trpftees to make an allowance for paring the ptrifh \of Saint George, Hanover Square. After pafiing this aft, the feveral aft* relating tu.&c^fienqr Squarcto be ftpealetL Inhabitant* di(charted from all other mat for panuuL dec.rthe Pub6ck»a.	;3a.;no:	...OI§

CAP. LIII.

An aft for making a navigable cat or canal, from the port or harbour of Bude, in the hundred oi Stratton, in the counfv of ConMf#U| to^e^ ver Tamer, in the parffh of Cafltoke, in the (ki^ cpmujto •

CAP. LIV.

■oqo

An aft for the better providing fuitabl/ quarters for> officersetoij*-diers in his Majejiys Jervico in North America* 21,

Preamble.	HEREAS doubts have been enter touted) whethertrqp$

• V V can be quartered otherwife than in barracks% in cafe barracks have been provided fufficient for the quartering of all the officers and foldiers within any town, townjbip, ri/y, dijiriflf or place, ttritbm his Majefly's dominions in North America: And ibbetcin it may frequently happen, from the fituation offuch barracks j that, if troops 'Jhould be quartered therein, they would not be ftationed where jtheir prefence may be necejfary and required: be it therefore enacted by the Ring’s mod excellent majefty, by ant) with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons* hi this prefent parliament aflerobled, and by the authority of the Perfonsautho- fame. That, in fuch cafes, it (hall and may be lawful for rite riled by law, perlons who now are, or tnay be hereafter, aqthorifod toy law, in America, to jn any of the provinces within his Majefty’* dominions in fffrtb feMl where1 America y and they are hereby .refpeftively aothorifed, imppwer^ none are pro- ed» and direfted, on the requifition of the officer who* 4or the vided, for oifi- time being, .has the command of his Majefty’* forces in North c«r» and fol- America^ to caufe any officers or foldiers in his Majefty** ferylc£to ®ierl*	be quartered and bllletted in fuch manner as is now dired£d,%

law, where no barracks are provided by the colonies.

Governor of	H. And be it further enafied by the authority aforefauf,

the province That if it (hall happen at any time that any officers or fofcfim to give orders in his Majefty’s fervice (hall remain within any of the laid cor for quarters jonjcs without quarters, for tlie fpace of twenty-four hoursafter fuch quarters (hall have been demanded, it (hail and inky be lawful for the governor of the province to bwfer and dfireft , fuch and fo many uninhabited houfes, out-hoafes, barbs, hr other, buildings, as he (hall think neceflary to betaken,, (mating a reafonable allowance for the fame), and make fit for the se* ception of fuch officers and foldiers, and to put andquxrtef $ich officers and foldiers therein for fuch time as hfc (hatf,ibijlk

Continuance	r.	*	■	>	1

of this aft. HI* And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefei^ That this aft, and every thing herein contained, (battcbftd-nue and be in force, in all his Majefty’s dominionsjn flf&ttb America, until the twenty-fourth day of ^4qrcfi% one thoufaod feven hundred a^d fcventy-(ix.	vui	*

" 6 A p.

for officers and foldiers.

Digitized by L^ooQle

iyy4*] Ai»ojiccimoquarto1 GeorgiI III. c.5^,56.

f'S ! 1

r/s r

1“	4	«	rj-	'	CAP.	LV*	*	^

Ah for making Corrimocftous ways and paflages within the pasifb of "Bainr Stephen, itt tHe dty of Briftoi j aiid for enlarging the billing ground belonging to the faid parifli.

4U

,	-}	CAP.	LVL

Ah eftforortkihg aft<J eltabliftiing pnblick quart or whayfs-at Kragfton upon Hull, fdr the better feconng his Majefty’s revenues of cuftoms, and tor the benefit of commerce in the port of Kingfton upon Hull | for making a baton or dock, withrefcfvoirr, flukes, roads, and other works, tor the accommodation of reflet ufing the faid poet * and for ^appropriating cet^ain lands belonging to bis Majefly, and for applying certain funa of, Orkney out of his Mafefty's cufloins at the faid port for thofe purpofes itand for eitablifliing other necelTary regulations within the town and port of Kiugflon upon Hull.

Pr&mble. aft 14. Car. i. recited. HisMajefty impowered to appoint open quays at Hull. No perftn to (hip goods for exportation j exception. No wb*rft, ScCr flialt projeft abort 15 feet from the prefent buildings. Pro-

Erotors of (faiths oft the weft tide of the river allowed to make wharfs.

frains emptying into the haven to be fecured at the end. Regulations In building the wharfs, Ac. Proprietors of ftaiths to remove banks, Ac. beyond $$ feet from the outermoft parts of the ftaiths. Low-water mark to be determined by two engineers. In cafe the engineers difagree, a referee to be nominated. In cafe of the death or refnfal to aft of Mr. To-field, or Mr. Grundy* others to be chofen. Penalty on proprietors not removing banks, Ac- ocyond 35 feet diftance of the ftaiths. Penalty 50 b dnJcOm mi (Boners neglefting to remove banks, Ac. Qualification of truf-tdfeG Penklty 501, on truttees acting, not being duly qualified. Corporation deemed proprietors of certain ftaiths on trie weft fide of'the river. Owners not cpnfornmig to rules, to lofe their privileges. Company impowered within (evenyears to make a bafon, with relervoirs, Ac. If the cotnpany do not provide quays within the limited time, the king to ap-

elnt theft! by tomiftiffion. Company’s names. Crown lands granted • the above pntpofe Occupiers of the other buildings to quit$ and the (heriff to dehver pofiefljon on refufal. No buildings to oe erefted thereon till the baton, Ac. be completed. If works are not Completed in a certain time, the land to revert td the crown. Company to repair, Ac. the premifet. Company to make a road from Beverley Gate to North Bridge. MateriflaJor roads and paving the quays, bow to begot. Juftices to determine al) difference*. Ground, bafon, Ac. veiled in the company. Flrft..meeting of the company. Provjfo. Clerk and treafarer, after cbo-fori to given (ecurity. The fum of 15,0001. granted out of the reve-1foeS bf cufteftts, to be appfied in aid of the works. Company impower-ed to ravfe money. aiftongft themfehres. Subscribers to have a vote for evqry, (hare, by themfelvcs or proxies* If a fuffirient number of the company do not attend, the meeting to adjourn. Additional fum of *9,6001.' to be raifed, if neceflfary. Rates may be afligned for payment, flwtil of affignroent. Alignment to be entered in a book. Form of ' transfer. The intereft of the money borrowed to be paid half yearly* 7ta pwor and burgefies, Ac. autborifed to purchafe (bares in the works glide^ by this aft. The charter houfe to hold two (hares, and the corporations id (hares each. Company may make calls} but at four monthe diftance at leatt. Perfons omitting to pay their proportions to forfeit 51.

and If for trio months, tne (hares to be forfeited. No (hare to PSfdMmed forfeited tiU after fix months notice given to the perfonconstrued. When fubfexibers die before their (hares be completed, execs* cutoft may Complete the payment. How (hares may be difpofed of bf ^proprietors. Form of the fale and transfer. After Dec. ji, 177s. company may take rates for (hipping. Ships of war, Ac. excepted. * The rates. JUtes vetted in thp company. Ships drove in by ftrefe of weather,

1	or

Digitized by

Google



Anno dec!mo quarto GeofcGH	[ *774,1

or enemy) &c. not to be liable to rates. Coafting veflels not to pay, vale ft they come into the bafoo. * Wharfage rates. Hoar veflels (hafl be meafured. Perfons authorifecf to go on board to meafure, and colied tbe duties. Penalty on perfons refufing admtafurefnent, pr eluding pajoeyt of duties. Cuttocper not to difebarge any veflel tiW dunes ari	Oi-

pany may leflen the duties and rajfet‘tbet» unto.: Bast of thetnmgt rates to be repaid the mailers of (hips. ColJeSors and treasurers to keep fair accounts, and produce their vouchers, on penalty of soil Company's annual meeting. Treafurer to draw out a general annua! 'adctfoat; which fo*U be printed and delivered to the fubfciibkrg, qn pcnaUJToIidt' Commiflioners appointed. New commiflioners to be choien. X>oclrapier, Sec incapable of affine as a member, whilft he remains inqStc. Time end place of commiflioners meeting. Commiflioners to mate tee-tracts. Commiflioners may compound penalties of contraAs. CsobiP fiqners to appoint watchmen, Stc. Commifltoneff to make bfe-laws. Bye-laws fubjed to the controul of the company. Company may mff& the bye-laws, and alter or annul them. Lamps to bp lighter!. Penalty on dealing or breaking lamps. Perfons accidentally breaking oTlamp^ ts make latisfa&ion on demand. Trinity- Houle to appoint a dock-mate. Mailers, See. refufing to moor or remove veflcl* forfeit 40 a. and if .any mafter. Scc. obitrudt the mooring or removing of veflels, he forfeits sot Mooring of ftrps or veflels within the haven to be regulated. Mooring of (hips or veflels oppofite to the jettee to be regulated. The guild may le-*wove the dock and haven matter, if the guild negleft to hear compuiot for 14 days, perfons aggrieved may appeal to the coromtiEonersu 100L ftr annum to be paid to the Trinity houle for falaries to tbe dock and haven mafler and affiflants. Annual rent of 5 s. for each wharf, made payable *9 the mayor and burgefles. Remedy for recovery of rpt(u Tenants for life. Scc. may borrow money. Mortgages may be afligned. Tenants for years to pay intcrett for the money expended by tbeur landlords. Coa-miflioners may purchale land for widening the road, &c.. If parties cannot Agree, fheriff, Sec. to fummon a jury. Jury may be challenged. Witnenes may be examined. Jury to award damages. Commifitoaeti judgement to be'final. Penalty on fherifF, Sec negkfttrig their duty, yerdifls to be inrolled. Determinations to be rcntcred in A back* Land, See, not ufed in the works may be fold. Commifliooers may po*. chafe land to build a cuflomboufe. How expences of the jury ^re t* he paid. Perfons requiring a jury to give fecurity to prdfecate. Goods to be removed from tbe quays within4S hours. Watehoufes, Scc. maybe hired for keeping of goods, See. Gunpowder, Scc, to be removed as a certain time- Penalty on default 51. For fcouring the haven, bq(pa,&c. Penalty on throwing dirt into tbe docks, Sec. Timber not to be left at tbe haven more than a? hours. No baliaft to be raifed between Dolphin Point and South End, without leave of the mayor. Penalty 00 cutting of ropes, &c> Not to extend to the dock matter. Regulations m keeping fi- es. Sec. on board of (hips. Bell to be rung when fire* are to be extihguifc-cd. 5I. penalty on perfons boiling pitch. See. on board. Gunpowder may be landed without leave of the officers of cuftoms» .?hen the vefid (hall arrive on a Sunday, &ct No (hip to enter the docks under (ail, Qid (hips not to encumber the bafon or dock. Expence of moving old ffijps may be levied by diltrefo. Owners of veflels anfwerabie for daaagesdm by their crews. Materials may be laid on adjoining lands, making njp£ fa&ion. Perfons deftroying the docks. Sec. to be punifhed. Ttye kruflf trucks and carts to be fixed. Water to be preferved to tbe town. Recovery and application of penalties and forfeitures. Penalties may bean* tigated. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to tbe quarter fofiiona. Proceed*



CAP.

Digitized by

Google

1774*) Afcflode<d!iQ ijuuto Gmroii IH> c* 57s 58.	41	j

* :	C	A	P.	LVII.

Aflafl to repeal fa much of an aft, made in the laft ftjjion of parlia-merits for reducing inte one aft the general laws relating. to turn-p\ki roads, as exempts perfons from the payment of tolls at fide gates erefted at placesfpeciped in ary aft of parliament.

WHEREAS by an aft, modi in the thirteenth, year of bis Preamble.

prefent Majfiys reign, (intituled. An aft to explain, CUufein aft amend, and reduce into one aft of parliament, the general laws *J ^eo. 3* now in being for regulating the turnpike roads in that part of utcd*

Great Britain called England^ and for other purpofes), it is provided and enafted. That no per Jon Jball be liable to pay toll at any toll-gate efefted, or to be ereftedTf acrofs or on the fide of any turnpike rood, or be fubjeft to any penalty for any carriage, borfe, or beafi, which Ihall only crofs fttth road, and Jball not pafs above one hundred yards thereon, except over Jome bridge erefted at a confiderMe expence by the trujlces of fuch turnpike road \ which provifion, as it takes a-way or lefjens the tolls of certain toll-gates erefted by tbi authority or direction of former afts of parliament, at certain places in fuch afts Jptcified jor that purpofe, is detrimental to many turnpike roads, and highly injurious to perfons who have lent money on the fecurity of fuch tods: may it therefore pleafe your Majefly that it may bie crafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid recited provifion and repealed, (hall be, and the fame is hereby repealed, fo far as the fame/0 far a®af-affefts any toll-gate direfted or authorifed to be fet up at any ™n\cu*m place particularly fpecifieiJ and mentioned in any aft of parlia- f*r*y Specified ment, for repairing any highway or road, pafled before the by any aft of making of the faid a$ of the thirteenth year of his prefent Ma- parliament* jefty’s reign.

CAP. LVI1I.

An aft for repealing an aft, made in the firji year of the reign of King Henry the Fijtb; and fo much of feveral afts of the eighth, tenth, and twenty third years of King Henry the Sixth, as re-	1

fates to the rffidence of pirfons to be elefted members to Jerve in parliament, or of the perfons by whom they are to be chofen.

WHEREAS an aft of parliament was made in the firJl year Preamble.

of the reign of King Henry the fifth, ordaining and efia- A6t x Hen. 5. hhjhitig what fort or people (hall be chofen, and who (hall be the choofcrs of the knights and burgefles of the parliament; and oljb-a* aft in the eighth year of the reign of King Henry the Sixth, ^ % Hcn# ordaining what fort of men (hall be choofers, and who (hall be chofen knights of the parliament; and alfo an aft in the tenth AftioHen.6. year of the reign of his faid Majefiy, requiring certain things in hint who (hall be a choofer of the knights of parliament; and olfo an aft in the twenty-third year of the reign of his faid Majefiy, an<j a& direfting whQ (hall be knights for the parliament, the manner Hen. 6.

of

Digitized by Google .

4*4	Armo	dccimo	quoted GtbROtt IITP t*77±

of their eteffion, and the remedy where Tone is chofcrt and another returned i and whereas'feveral pto&ftyns eShlafciilto thefad efts have beirifounds by hng ufd^e9 to be'ttnritiiffhfy, etrtdkre ktum ibfolete -rin order therefore to obviate aifdohb^t£i*t5 maytrifc upon the fame, may it pfedfe yourMajefty (hi# if may ffe envied; and be it enafted by (fit King's

and with the advice and Content of the iord^ipmtttal and t»-

Eoral, and commons, in this prefent parliament afTemMed^^iaisf y the authority of the fame,' That the (aid adh-niade itt thefertt dence of^r- yc*r the reign of his majefty King Henry YheFifth, aird^rery Ions to be part thereof; and fb much of the faid feveraf a£b, madfeirKtbe ele&ed mcm- eighth, the tenth, and the twenty-third jeats of the reign df lo bert ofparlu, majefty King Henry the Sixth, as relates to the refidenceof per-repeaied?	fons t0 ** eledted members to ferve in parliament, or of the

™	perfons by whom they are to be chofen, (hall be, and the (toe

are hereby repealed.

CAP. LIX.

An aft for preferving the health of prifoners in gaol, and prevents^

r.

Preamble.

WHEREAS the malignant fever, that is commonly rgfiW The Gaol Diftemper, is found to be owing to a matte/ cleanlinefs and frejb air in the feveral gaols in England and Wifi and the fatal confequences of that ifirder, of which there hat been of . late, too much experience, might be prevented, if juJUces efthe pern were duly authorifed to provide fuch accommodations ingaofi at may be necejfary to anfwcr this falutary purpofe; may it therefore pkafe ,	your Majefty that it may be enacted, and be it Cna&ed by the

King's Rfjoft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and eon-fenr of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the (toe, Powers of the That the feveral juftices of the peace, in that part of Great Bn-jntHees at tain called England and JVaksy within their feveral jurH8idtkws, their quarter in their quarter feftions aftembled, are hereby authorised and rc-c lon*‘ quired to order the walls and delinks of the feveral cdi€ and wards, both of the debtors and the felons, and alfo of any other rooms ufed by the prifoners in their refpective gaols ami'prifofts, where felons are unially confined, to beferapedand white-walh-cd, once in the year at leaft; to be regularly waftied and kept clean, and conftantly fupplied with freih air, by means oftwfcd ventilators, or otherwife; to order two rooms in each gaol or prifon, one for the men, and the other for the women, to be fee apart for the fick prifoners, dire&ing them to be removed into fuch rooms as foon as they (hall be feized with any di(brder,and kept feoarate from thofe who (hall be in health; to order a Wajjn and cold bath, or commodious bathing tubs, ta be provided an each gaol, or prifon, and to diredt the prifoners tobe wafhedan fuch warm or cold baths, or bathing tubs, according tbthe Spn-dition in which they (hall be at the time, before they are fuf-fered to go out of fuch gaols or prifons upon any occafion whatever;

Digitized by

Google

1774*1 Annpd^cuno quarto GeoRgii 1IL g.6o.	415

ever ; tp order this a§ to be painted in large and legible charader* upon a board, and hung up in focne conspicuous part of eactyof the (aid gaols and prifons; and.xo appoint an experienced fur-«on or appthec^ry^ta (latedialary, to attend each gaol or pri-lon refpedively, v»i>0 (hall, andty* is hereby direded to report to the (aid ju dices by wnom be is appointed, at each quarter feflions, a ftftte of the health of the priibners under his care or fuperio-teftdance.

JfL. And bq it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That Tboy are to faid juft ices of the peace, in their laid quarter Tedious aflem-biedi.arc lierebv authorifed to dired the fevcral courts of juftice thioi^ within their reipedive jurifdidions to be properly ventilated; to order cloaths to be provided for the prifoners, when they fee oc-cafion; to prevent the prifoners from being kept under ground, whenever they can do it conveniently; and to make fuch other orders, from time to time, for reftoring or prefcrving the health of prifoners, as they (hall think neceflary.

III.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That	kow

the expences attending the execution of the orders of the faid tobc defrayed, juftices, made in purfuance of this ad, fo far as the fame (hall refped countv gaols and prifons, and courts of juftice belonging to counties, mall be borne and defrayed, at all times, put of the refpedive county rates; and fo far as the fame (hall refped the gaols and prifons, and courts of juftice, of particular cities, towns corporate, cinque ports, liberties, franchifes, or places, that do not contribute to the rates of the Counties in which they are re-fpedively fituated, fuch expences (hall be defrayed out of the public dock or rates of fuch cities, towns corporate, cinque ports, liberties, franchifes, or places, having fuch exdufive jurifdidions, to .which fuch gaols, or prifons, or courts of juftice, (hall re-(jpedively belong: and if any gaoler or keeper of any prifon (hail, at any time, negled or difobey the orders of fuchj offices made Sentotepro-in purfuance of this ad, he maybe proceeded againft in a fuxn- ceeded againft mary way, by complaint made to the judges of aflize, or to the In a fummary juftices, in their quarter feflions; and if he be found guilty of wa/« fucb negled or difobcdience, he (hall pay fuch fine as the judges of aflize, or juftices, (ball impofc, and (hall be committed in cafe of nonpayment.

CAP. LX.

An a& for iMiuniiifyutg the innkeepers and victuallers within the hundred

( of Godley, in the county of Surrey, againft the penalties to which they are or may be liable, for felling ale, beerK wine, or fpirkuous liquors,

Wirhout proper licences, upon certain conditions.

Freavofcie- The licences granted in V7?3 to be valid* for the purpofe* ex-. prejjid. All fait* commenced againft the inn-keepers of Go<Jley, for felling Deer, wine, &c. fince 177 J* are hereby made void. No perfon to be inti- • tied to this benefit, orvlefs he obtains a legal licence before July 10, »774.| wfekh the oammiffioEers of exetfe aod fcamp dudes are required to grant, fftblic a&

Digitized by

CAP.

Google

4i£ Anno <3ocin»o quarto Ckoxgii 111. c.6i—£4."(1774,'

CAP. LXI.

An aft to explain and amend tiro federal aft* of parliament^ for epe&iug “ hofpitals and workhoufea within the city and county of the city of £am« for the better employing and maintaining the poor there« and to taije further 61ms of money for the mote effectually carrying the purpofeaef the (aid aft* into execution.	*	*

CAP. LXII.

An aft for the better governing and employing tfte pbor, and mating and colleftiog the poor's rates, within the pariibet of Saint OHei t* He Fields, and Saint George Bloomibary, in the cotmtyof Middlciau

CAP. Lxm.

An aft for bpilding a bridge croft the river Air, at Carlton, in the wtff riding of the county of York.

s

CAP. LXIV.

An all to explain Jo much of an ally made in (be loft fefficn of parliament % (intituled, An aft to regulate the importation and ex* portation of com,) as relates to the method of afurtainingtbe prices of com and grain exported\

Preamble. TTrH E R E A S by an ally made in the loft feffion ofparliament, VV (intituled, An aft to regulate the importation and expor-tation of corn,) it «, amongjl other things, tnaBedy That the feverol prices at which certain fpecies of com and grainy therein enumeraudy Jhall be prohibited to be exported from this lingdomy and alfo thatehe prices at which the refpe&ivt bounties granted by the faid all are to be " allowed upon the exportation of certain fpecies of com and grainy JUd be ascertained according to the methods dtreHea by the feveral alls of parliamenty for afeertaining the rates and prices cfcom and grain im-portedy or as direlled by the faid recited all: and whereas the prices> with refpeH to com and gram imported into that part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the town {/'Berwick upon Tweed, arty by the feveral alls now in forcty dtreQed to be afetrtoined at every quarter feffions for the refpeHive counties within the fame \ which * prices being fo afeertaineiy cannot be altered until the next futceeding quarter feffions, although the prices of corn and grain may9 in the mean timCy be either very much increafed or iiminified: and whereaSy by the aforefaid ally made in the laft feffion of parliament, the prices of tom and grainy and oat-mealy tn that part of Great Britain, called Scotland, are to be afeertained by the Jheriffi or Jtevlard deputes, or their fubjlituteSy of the feveral counties within which there are ports or flactSyfor the importation and exportation of goods and merchanOfeSy four times in the year; that is to fayy Upon tie firfl day of November, firjl day of February, firji day of May, and firjl day of Augult, in manner therein dire Hedy which prices Jo ofeertained cannotbe al-tered until the expiration of three months from the time of theirate** tatnmenty although the prices of corn and grainy and oat-mealy ynay9 ' in the mean timey be either very much increajed or dminijbed j and it

being

17741) Anno depiraaqyarfc4*7

being expedient that the exportation of com and grain from this kingdom, and the allowance of the feveral bounties Jhexeon,fbould be governed and regulated, according to the rial averagi prites of fuch corn and grain9 and oat-toeaK 4t the fejpeftive tifriis when, and places from whence,' tbefme JhallU,/hipped for exportation: may it therefore pleafe your that it may be enaAedi and be it enaAcd by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritoal and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. ThatAfter 1 Jun«» fromrand.ftfter the fkft day ot June* one thoutend feven hundred oscS-sTSSS* and feveoty-four, the prices of < corn and grain, and oat-meal, grain how to exported from this kingdom, (hall be regulated and governed by be regulated, the average prices at which fuch corn and grain, and pat-meal,

(hall be refpeAively fold in the publick market, at or neareft to the*port or place from whence fuch com or grain, or oat-meal,

(hall be intended to be exported, on the lad market-day preceding the (hipping of fuch corn or grain, and the refpeAivc bounties granted by the faid recited aA (hall, m like manner, be paid and allowed, according to foch prices, by the fame rules and regulations, and fabjeA to the fame fecurities, reftriAions, oaths, penalties, and forfeitures, as the former bounties on com or grain exported were paid and allowed, and were fabjeA and liable to, (more the making the faid recited a A of the laft feffion of parliament; any thing therein contained to the contrary not* withftanding.

IL Provided always, and it is hereby further enaAed by the authority aforefaid. That nothing herein-before contained (hall Nothing coa-exteod, or be conftrued to extend, to prohibit any perfon from thttx* exporting any corn or grain, or oat-meal, or from receiving the portation of bounty thereon, which (hall be aAually (hipped or laid on board com or grain any (hip or veitel, for that purpofe, within twenty days from the jf dipped entry thereof at the cuftom-houfe tor exportation, although the prices of corn at fuch port may have arifen above the rates in the faid aA refpeAively fpecified, after the entry thereof, and before the expiration ot twenty days from foch entry; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. LXV.

An aH to alter and amend an aft, paffed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late majejly King George the Second, (intituled. An aA for annexing certain forfeited eftates in Scotland to the crown unalienably; and for making fatisfaAion to the lawful creditors thereupon and to eftablifh a method of managing the fame, and applying the rents aad profits thereof for the better civilizing ana improving the highlands of Scotland, and preventing dilorders there for the future;) fo far as the famt relates to the granting leafes of the faid eflates.

WHEREAS by an aft, made in the twenty fifth year of his Preamble.

late Majejly s reign, (intituled, An aA for annexing cer- AAstGeo.s; tain forfeited eftates in Scotland to the crown unalieoabiy; and 5

for

*

Digitized by uooQle



Annodeckno qvwto^GloRGiilILc. 65.	£1	774-

for making latisfadion to the lawful creditors thereupon; and to eftaMilha method of managing the fame, and applying the fonts and profits thereof for the betterciyyixing and improving the highlands of Scotland, and preventing difoiders there for ‘ ture;) it is, among ft other things,, enabled\	^

truftees to be appointed by his Majefty, bis heirs tnikfftL

have power to grant leafes of the faid eftdtes, or a*y'part\_

manner therein fpecified; bat that no perfon Jhall be cetpahte efmmg or enjoying any lands or tenements, other than mints of' ftpdng7? tf&r-tue of fuch leafe or leafes, of greater annual rtnt than twenty jfgtkb at the utmoft: and whereas the cmmiffioners tend truffles, 'agpMUd by his Majefty, finding that many farms of the find efiates, JorWerly let at or under twenty pounds of yearly rent, have, by imlefing and tdher improvements, and by the increafe of the price of tonjed cm other produce of the faid farms, become more vahoble, foas afford rent above twenty pounds yearly, and which the tenants hr 1 are willing to pay, were the commijfioners enabled to grant Unfh ejfl farms at a higher rent than twenty pounds: and whereas the 1 ing farms, which have been let at the rent of twenty pounds* ar t and might now, or may hereafter, be let at a higher rent than twenty founds, would be difficult and incommodious, officially in the cafe of inelofed farms, and would create much expence in builSng homfh wfan inconvenient farms: for remedy whereof, may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be ena&ed; and be it enaSed by the Klqgfs moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and oonlopt qf the lords fpilitual and temporal, and common's, in thujmfent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the lame, That* po!ated*bf the and may be lawful to and for the laid commiflioners apd hid aa to truftees, and fuch commiflioners and truftees as (hall, be firopi grant leafes of time to time nominated and appointed by his Majefty, tus behs iSLkL** a an^ ^uccc®>rs» or a quorum of them, to let and grant lea$s of thansi!Tnt	at	a	higher	rent	than	twenty	pounds,	when they (halt Bad

it proper, and which leafes (hall be good and effectual to the let lees; any thing in the before-recited ad of the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late Majefty to the contrary notwithftatxKiig. Mo fuch leafe II. Provided always, That no fuch leafe or leafes to be made or lan^e?for g1*11*^ al a higher rent than twenty pounds,fhall comprize lands snore before which were let for more rent than twenty pounds, at any time 1756.	preceding	the	year	one	thouland	feven hundred and fifty-ux.

Tbecoandf-

CAR

Digitized by

Google

4*9

1774-} Anna dcdino quarto Geor6ii IIF. c. 661 C A P. LXVL

An oft for the rtptal of all former alts concerning the longitude at fea, except fo much thereof as relates to the appointment and authority of . the commtffioners thereby confiituted, and alfo fuch claufes as relate to the eonfirulting, printings publijbing, vending, and licenfing, of nautical almanacks, and other ufeful tables; and for the mpre effectual encouragement and reward of fuch perfon and perfons as /hall difcover a method for finding the fame, or Jhall make ufeful difcove-ries in navigation; and for the better making experiments relating thereto.

WHEREAS an alt was made in the twelfth year of the reigh Preamble,

of her late majefiy Queen Anne, intituled, An ad for pro- Ad i» AnnaeJ viding a publick reward for fuch perfon or perfons as (hall difcover the longitude at fea; and alfo another alt was made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his late majefiy King George the Second, Ad 14 Geo. 2] intituled, An ad for Purveying the chief ports and headlands on the coafts of Great Britain and Ireland; and the iflands and plan-' tations thereto belonging, in order to the more exad determination of the longitude and latitude thereof; and alfo another alt was made in the twenty-fix th year of the reign of his faid late Majefiy, Ad 2$ Geo. s j intituled\ An ad to render more effedual an ad, made in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majcfty Queen Anne, intituled.

An all for providing a public reward for fuch perfon or perfons as

Jhall difcover the longitude at fea, with regard to the making expert

ments of propofals made for difcovering the longitude; and to enlarge

the number of commijfioners for putting in execution the faid alt; and

alfo another alt was made in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Ad % Geo.

Majefiy* intituled. An ad for rendering more effe&ual an ad,	/

made in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen

Anne, intituled. An alt for providing a public reward for fuch perfon

or perfons as Jhall difcover the longitude at fea, with regard to making

experiments of propofals made for difeovering the longitude; and alfo

another all was made in the third year of the reign of his prefent Ma- Ad j Gep. j#

jefiy, intituled, An ad for the encouragement of John Harrifon to

publifti and make known his invention of a machine or watch,

for the diicfovery of the longitude at fea ; and alfo two other alts

were made in the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, the one Ad 5 Geo. j.

intituled. An ad for rendering more effedual an ad, made in the

twelfth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, intituled.

An alt for providing a public reward for fuch perfon or perfons as Jhall difcover the longitude at fea, wish regard to the making experiments of propofals made for difeovering the longitude; and the other, intituled.

An ad for explaining and rendering more effedual two ads, one made in the twelfth year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled.

An a8 for providing a public reward Jor fuch perfon or perfons as Jhall difcover the longitude at fea; and the other in the twenty fix th year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled. An ad to render more effedual an made in the twelfth year of the reign of Vol. XXX.	F	f	he*

Digitized by v^ooQle

4*o

Aft io Geo. 3<

After June 14, 1774, the recited a&s repealed, except two clauics.

Sums, as rewards, given to authors.

Ahno decimo quarto Gsorgu HI. Cs66.	£1774.

her late majefty Queen Anne, intituled. An aft for providing apub-die reward for fucb ferfan or perfons as Jhall difeovtr the longitude at fed* with regard to the making experiments bfpropofols made far dif-eoverwgtbe longitude; and to enlarge the number of cemhdJjSantm for putting in execution the fold 08; and alfo another aft woo made in the tenth year of the reign of his prefent Majtjly, intituled, An ad ios #eu-dering more etfe&ual feveral ads, for providing a public reward for difeovering the longitude at fea; for improving the lamer tables conftru&ed by the late profefTor Mayer; and for encouraging difeoveries and improvements ufeful to navigation : and mberms it is highly expedient to entourage, by further rewards, fucb other methods and experiments as may conduce to the dijc&vny of the longitude at fca, and promote farther improvements and difeoveries in navigation ; and to make more ejfeftuul regulations for tie examining, trying, and judging of all propofah, experiments, aid improvements, relating thereunto; mty it therefore pleafe your Majefly, that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent ma* jetty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords ipiritua] and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiem-bled, and bv the authority of the fame. That each and every of the faid recited acts, (fave and except fuch claufe and dairies in each or any of them as relate to the appointment or authority of all or any of the committioners thereby refpe&ively confrittated, and all fuch claufe and claufes as relate to the conftru&ing, priming, puhlifhing, vending, and lifcenfing, of nautical almanacks, and other ufeful tables,) fhall, from and after the twenty* fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four, be, and are hereby repealed.

II. And, for a due andfufficitnt encouragement to anypetfon orperfm who Jhall difcover any method or met bods for fading the faid hngitntU, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid,That the firft author or authors, difeoverer or difcoverers, of each and every fuch method or methods, his or their executors, adminittrators, ordfligns, (hall be intitled to, and have the rewards or fums of money herem-afer mentioned ; that is to fay. In cafe the method propofed (hall be, by means of a time-keeper, the principles whereof have nut hitherto been made public, to the reward or Aim of five thoufand pounds,, if fuch method determines the faid longitude to one degree of a great circle, or fixty geographical miles; to the reward or fum of feven thoufand five hundred pounds, if it detmnihes the fame to two-thirds of that diftance; and to the reward or fum of ten thoufand pounds, if it determines the lame ttvime half of the faid dittance: which refpeftive rewards (haH be due and paid tohen fuch method (hall have been fufficiently tried by the following-experiments and voyages to be made and performed by fuch perfons, and under fuch rettriftbns, as the faid corimif* fioners for the difeovery of longitude at ten, refpe&ivaly confti-tuted by the above-recited aetts, or the major part of them* fhall think fit to appoint and dire<$; (that is to fey,j when *fxlrfo foonas two or more time-keepers, of the fame cemftfr&iofv (toll have been tried at the fame time* for'the fpftce of twelve months,

at

Digitized by Google

1774-] Anno.tefciw quartorGECtRoii HI. €. 66.

9t the royal ohfervfctory at Greenwich^ then in two voyages round tiie iflapd of Grtat Britain, in contrary diic<Stions, and in fuch other voyages to different climates as the faid commiffioners (hail think, fit to dire# and appoint; and after their return from fuch voyages, or any of them, for fuch longer time, at the bid observatory, not exceeding twelve months, as the faid commiffioners Hull judge ncccflafy; and alfo when snd fofoon as the faid com* naiffiociers, or two-thirds of them, at* the lead, (hall, after fuch experiments and voyages have been made and performed at afore fa id, have declared and determined that fuch method is generally practicable and ufeful, and fufSciently exaCt to determine the longitude at fea within the degrees or limits aforefaid, in all voyages for the fpace of fix months, (impediments from cloudy •nd baxy weather excepted;) and alfo when and fo foon as the principles and practice of fuch method are fully discovered and explained to the Satisfaction of the faid commiffioners, or two-thirds of them at lead; and fuch author or authors, drfeoverer or difcoverers, (ball have delivered up and afligned over to the (aid commiffioners, for the ufc of the public, the abfolute property of fuch time-keepers as (hall have been tried by fuch experiments and voyages as aforefaid, together with all places, de-■ fcriptions, theories, and explanations, belonging or relating to the fame, and which (hall contain the whole of fuch difeovery of the longitude; and in cafe the method propofed (hall be by means of improved folar and lunar tables; then, and in fuch cafe, the author or authors of fuch improved folar and lunar tables, their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, (hall be intitled to and have the reward or fum of five tboufand pounds, if fuch folar and lunar tables fhall prove fufficiently exaCt to (hew the didance of the tnoon from the fun and ftars in the heavens, within fifteen feconds of a degree, anfwering to about (even minutes of longitude, after making an allowance of half a degree for the errors of obferva-tion ; and when it (hall appear to the fatisfaCHon of thefaid com-mdTioners, ot two thirds of them, at lead, that fuch tabks are conthuCted entirely upon the principles of gravitation laid down by fir Ifaac Norton, (except with refpeCl to thofe elements which mud neceflarily be taken from adronomical observations, and alfo when the truth of fuch tables (hall have been further confirmed and proved by comparifon with a feries of adronomical observations made during a period of eighteen years and a half, which is deemed the period of the irregularities of the lunar mo-' tions; which reward (hall be due and paid, when the faid com- *Vn miffiooers, or two-thirds of them, at lead, (hall have declared P3*4* and determined, that fuch tables are fufficiently exa&, to (hew thc<fid2nce of the moon from the fun and dars in the heavens, within the limits above-mentioned ; and alfo when the author *r authors of fuch improved folar and lunar tables, his or their executors, adminiftrators, or aflfigns, (hall have delivered up, ahd afligned over to tl*e faid commiffioners, for the ufe of the public, the ahfolute right and property to and in the fame, together with the theory relating thereunto; and in cafe any other

F f 2	-	method

Digitized by

Google

4xx	Anno	decictto quarto GEORGtl III. C.66.	[i 774.

method (hall be propofed for finding the longitude at fea betides thofe before mentioned, that then, and in fuch cafe, the firft author or authors, difeoverer or difcoverers, of any fuch method, his or their executors, adminiftrators, or aflignsi (hall be mtided to and have the reward or fum of five thoufand pounds, if it (ha& determine the faid longitude within one degree of a great, ctrcie, or fixry geographical miles ; to the reward or fum of feven thou-fand five hundred pounds, if it (hall determine the fame to two-thirds of that difiance; and to the reward or fum of ten thou (and pounds, if it (hall determine the fame to one half of the fame diftance; which refpe&ive rewards (hall be due and paid, fofbon as the faid commiflioners, or two-thirds of them, at leaft, (hail, after proper trial have been made by their appointment and direction, have determined that fuch method (hall be generally practicable and ufeful for finding the longitude at fea within the refpe&ive limits above-mentioned.

Treafurer of III. And be it further enaCted by the authority afarefaid. That the navy to when and fo foon as any fuch method or methods, for the dif> pay the fum«, cove™ of the faid longitude, (hall be tried, as before mentioned, tot^authon. an^ ™und practicable and ufeful at fea, and fufficiently exad IP determine the longitude within any of the degrees or limits afore-faid, the faid commiflioners, or two-thirds of them, (hall certify the fame, under their hands and feals, to the commiflioners of the navy for the time being, together with the name or names of the perfon or perfons who (hall be the author or authors of fuch method or methods; and upon the receipt of fuch certificate, the faid commiflioners of the navy are hereby authori fed and required to make out a bill or bills upon the treafurer of the navy, for the refpeCHve fum or fumsof money to which the author or authors of fuch propofal, his or their executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, ihall be intitled by virtue of this ad j which fum or fums the faid treafurer is hereby required to pay to the faid author or authors, their executors, adminiftrators, or afligns accordingly, out of iny money that may be in his hands unapplied to the ufe of the navy, according to the true intent and meaning of this ad.

IV.	And whereas the feveral fums of money granted by the above now-re cited afis, towards mating experiments of propofols for difey-vcring the longitude at fea, and for improving the lunar tables, and mating other difeoveries or improvements ufejul to navigation, crex by reafon of the Jeveral payments made by the treafurer of the navy,, fur-fuant to the directions of the faid ads, not only expended, but, moreover, feveral debts have been incurred, and are now growing due for fervices tending to the benefit of navigation, and, more particularly, far defraying the expence of the two obfervers who have been fent cut to mate nautical and ajlronomical obfervations in the fouthern bemifphere: and whereas it is highly necejfary that the faid debts jbould be difeharg-eiy and that ingenious perfons Jhould be encouraged to make further difeoveries and improvements ufeful to navigation; bt it further erf-Commifl! mi- a^cc* by the authority aforefaid. That the above-mentioned comers™ ™longi-~ miffioners for the difeovery of longitude at fea (hall and may cer-tude to certify tify the amount of fuch debts, together with the names of the

,	perfons

Digitized by Google

x 774-3 Anno dpcimo, quarto Gpo&on III; c. 66.	423

perfons to whom the feme (halJ be refpedtively due,,under their debts incurred liands and feals, to fhe commiflioners of the navy, wbq are hereby /?pmer atithorifed and required to make out a bill or bills upon the trea- roiffiooeJTof fflrer of the navy for fuch fum or fums of money as may he ne- the navy; #eflary for difeharging the faid debts; which fum or (urns of money the feid treafurer is hereby required to pay to the perfon ©t perfons to whom the fame (hall be refpedtively due, out of arty pioney which (hall be in his the feid treafurer’s hands unapplied as aforefaid.

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That They are alfo the faid commiflioners for the difeovery of longitude at fea, t0S*Cfor d^f* any five or more of them, (hall have full power and authority ^veringtoe * to hear and receive any propofel or propofals that (hall be made longitude, to them for difeovering the feid longitude, or for makingiany other ufeful improvement in navigation; and in cafe the feid commiflioners, or any five or more of them, (hall be fo far fatis-fied^of the probability of any fuch difeovery or improvement as to think it proper to caufe experiments to be made thereof, they ihall certify the fsune, together with the names of the author or and certify the authors of fuch propofel or propofals, under their hands and fanac* the feals, to the commiflioners of the navy, who are hereby autho- authors ^ to Uie Tifed and required ^o make out a bill or bills upon the treafurer commiflioners of the navy for any fuch fum or fums of money as the faid com- of the navy, miflioners for the difeovery of longitude at Tea, or any five or more of them, (hall think neceflary for making fuch experiments; which fum or fums the treafurer of the navy is hereby required to pay immediately to fuch perfon or perfons as fhall be appointed by the faid commiflioners to make thofe experiments out of any money which (hall be in his the feid treafurer’s hands unapplied as aforefaid,

. VI, And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That pcrfons mak-if any perfon or perfons (hall make any difeovery for finding the ing ufeful dif. Jongjtude at fea, which, though not of fo great ufe as to be intitled cover;©, to to .any of the great rewards above fpecified, (hall nevertheless be adjudged by the faid commiflioners for the difeovery of longitude Jo the at fea, or the major part of them, to be of confiderable ufe to the judgment of public, or (hall make any other difeovery or difeoveries, im- the commif-provetpent or improvements, ufeful to navigation; then,and in fioncr$* fuch cafe, fuch perfon or perfons, his or their executors, admi-jniflrators, or afligns, (hall, from time to time, have and receive fuch lefs reward or fum or fums of money as the faid commif-iioners, or the major part of them, (hall think reafonable; and certify accordingly, under their hands and feals, to the commif-6oners of the navy, who are hereby authorifed and required to make out a bill or bills upon the treafurer of the navy for any fuch fum or fums of money, which the faid treafurer is hereby authorised and required to pay immediately to fuch perfon or perfons, his or their executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, out of any money that (hall be in his the faid treafurer’s hands unapplied as aforefaid.

. VII, Provided always, That all fuch fum or fums of money as TheAimi1 pay-

V f *	11	by	the

**3	treasurers of

Digitized by LjOOQle

Anno decim6 tjuarto CtoRGn Hi. c. 66.	[177^

(hall be paid by the treaforer o^ the navy by virtue hereof, aswd for the purpofe of difchdrgingthe feveral tfebts which have been incurred, and .are now growing due for feryice&itending ft tb benefit of navigation, as of making fuchexperimeaK aaafoftfekl, and of rewarding, in a ic^fler degree, lefferdifc«v*rie$ for finding the longitude at fea, and olio other difcouerfe&af^imprw&eM ufefut to navigation, do not altogether, exceed ihe fom of im thoufand pounds; and alfo provided. That in cafe any fach ft-ward, or Aims of money, to be given for any of *hofepurp©fa (hall not exceed the fum of one thoufand pounds, that then, in foch cafe, it (hall and may be certified to the commiffionm of the navy asaforefaid, under the hands ahd feah of thcil jeommiffioners for thedifeovery of longitude, cm* anyfiveormofe of them 5 but if it (hall exceed the fam of one thousand pounds, that then it fhall be certified by the faid commtf&oners, or Ae major part of them.

VIII.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enafted, Ttor ih cafe any perfon or petfons who fhall and irtay have record than the groat - any fum or fums money, by virtue of this aft, as a rtmiri for eft fum hereby any method of difcovering the longitude at fea, (hull afterwards provided. become intitled to any of the greater rewards' appointed by this aft, for or on account of the fame method; thit then, soda fiich cafe, fuch fum or fums of money as they (hail or may hart received as aforefaid fhall be confidened as part of futh greater reward, and deducted therefrom accordingly 5 afnd that no per-* fon (hall receive more in the whole for any one method for# covering the longitude at fea than the greattft reward appointed for fuch method by this aft.

The eomm»f- IX. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Tta fioners to ad- (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid pommtfiionenfor oath for carry- t^c difcowy of longitude at fea, or the major part of them,and fng the aft into they *** hereby authorized and impowertd, for their better fetis-r*ecntion.	faft ion, if they fecwcafion, to adminifter an oath or oaths ts

fuch perfon or perfons as they (hall thlnlc proper, for thtpar* pofes of carrying this aft into execution; which Oath or oath H (hall and may be lawful to and for any two or more of the fad commiffioners to adminifter accordingly; add in cafe any fort perfon or perfons (hall wilfully fwear falfly and tmtfuty,every fcA perfon (hall be liable to, and fuffer fuch pains and penalties»• gifted by tire feveral ftattyfes made, and now in force, apM jyilful perjury.

4*4

the navy not to exceed *0001.

No perfon to receive more

CAP.

Digitized by LjOOQle

17 74.] Annp decitnoquarto .Georgji III. c.. 67.

4*5

CAP. LXVII.

a& to continue the ftvtrol laws therein mentioned, Ur granting liberty to tarry rite from bis Majtfy's provinus of Carolina and Georgia; in America, direftiy toarty part of Europe, fouthward oACapeFiniftetre; for granting the tike liberty to export rice from ' South Carolina#*^ Georgia direfllyy to any part of America, to \the fotetbward of the [did provinces 5 for granting the like liberty in the exportation of rice from Eaft and Weft Florida, and from my part of America, fouthward of South Carolina and Georgia.

W HEREAS the laws btrein-after mentioned are near etc* Preamble, firing; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be ,enafted; and be it enacted by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by .and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiem-faied, and by the authority of the fame. That an aft, made in the third year of the reign of bis late Majefty, intituled. An Aft 3 Geo. i. Q& for granting liberty for carrying rice from his Majefty's province of Carolina in America, directly to any part of Europe, fouthward of OQpo Fipifterre, in flips built in and belonging to Grot Britain, and ► navigated according to law> which was to be in force for five years, from the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and thirty, and from thence to the end of the then next felfion of parliament; and alfo an aft, made in the eighth year Aft t Geo. *• of the reign of his faid late Majefty, to continue the faid act from the expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thopfand feven hundred and forty-two, and from rhence to * the end of the then next felfion of parliament, and to extend that liberty to his Majefty’s province of Georgia in America \ which faid afts, by feveral fubfequent afts made in the fifteenth, fix-tepnth, twentieth, twenty-feventh, and thirty-third years of his (aid late Majefty’s reign,*and in tfie feventh year of the reign his prefent Majefty, were further continued, from the expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four, and from thence to the end of the then next felfion of parliament; (hall be, and the fame is further con-be.reby further continued from the expiration thereof, to the ^ g twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and &cp 17 nighty-one, and from thence to the end of the then next felfion pfparliament.

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That an aft, made in the fourth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign. Aft 4 Geo. j. intituled. An oft for granting, for a limited time, a liberty to carry rice from his Majefty's provinces of South Carolina and Georgia, direflly to any part of Americar/0 the fouthward of the faid provinces% fubjeft to the like duty as is now paid on the exportation of rice from the Jaid colonies to places in Europe fituated to the Jouthward of Cape Fimfterre, which was to continue in force for five years, from the twenty-fourth day of June^ one thoufand feven* hundred and £x|y-fenr, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of

F f 4	par-

Digitized by

and a daufe In a^ $ Gra. j.

further cofrti. nued until June 14,1781.

A& 10 Geo. 3.

further conti-purd till Srpt. »9# I7*h

Preamble.

Officers tQ Weigh the bags for hop* on penalty of cl. for every ncglcftj

apd (hall, be-f. re hops be put therein, marie on the ontfide the weight thereof^ the planter’* name}

Anno (Jecitno quartDt€E0EGH UL XuGt; [ 1774.

parliament; and alfo aclsufe ia an a<St* paydirt the fiftb'jar of his faid Msycfty’s reign, which gave Jibortyitocxpoifc rice mn North, f^olinu; in the fensttjmntKr, and unfUtthoiikB entries,

fecuritiefi fpftridiaos, regulations, limtario**,duties^ pcndllitt, find forfeitures, as were gnaded by the faid ad,made ib tbeiaacth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, with refped >0 carrying ike to South Carolina and Georgia* which havcHwidnuanoe Untilithe twenty-fourth day of Juhe% one thoufaod favfcrv imadtod «nd feventy-fovr, and from tbcnf e to the end of the tben next ififiem pf parliament, (hall be, and the fame are hereby further continued, from the expiration thereof, until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thou fand feren hundred and eighty-onc, and 6rom thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament.

III. And be it further enaded by the authpmy^orcfaid. That an ad, made in the tenth year of the reign of his preicat Majefty, intituled. An aft for extending like liberty in the exportation of tia from Eaft and Welt Florida to the fsutbumrd of CapoFtMflcrtra Europe, as is granted, by former ads of parliament to Carotimanad Georgia* which was to continue in force from the fioft day of Am-gujl, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy, until the twtonty-ninth day of September, one thousand feven hundred and feventjr-four, ai)d from thence to the end of the then next fefiian of parliament ; and which aft was amended by anad, made in thmek* vpnth year of the reign of his faid Majefty, (hall be, and thefame are hereby further continued, from the expiration thereof, «mH the twenty-ninth day of September, one thouland /even hundred and eighty-one, and from thence to the end of the then neudef* fion of parliament.

CAP. LXVIII.

An at7 to prevent frauds in the buying and felling of bops.

WHEREAS divers frauds are prafttfed in the patting nr bagging of bops 5* for remedy whereof, may it pteafe yonr Majefty that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by the King's tnoft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confcriU of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the/famo^Tkat from and after the palling of this ad, when any officer of: ex-cife (hall attend for the purpofe of bagging any hops purfuant to the directions of an ad, pafled in the ninth year of the reign of Queen Anne, (intituled, An aft for laying a duty on bfpsJ fuch officer (hall, upon pain of forfeiting for every nested die him of five pounds, weigh the bags or pockets intended by the planters, growers, or owners of the hops to be ufed for the baglging there-pf; and {hall, before the hops (hall be put thereto, masker caufe to be marked, on theoutfide of each ftich bag or pocket, m. plain and legible letters or charaders, with ink drfpalnt; fbe true weighty or tare thereof; andthatt he exciteofficer Khali alio mark, or cau(e>to be marked, on each fuch bag orpockbe, in manoer^afdre&id, the planter or planters nart&or iiames, ip full

f •	length,

Digitized by

Google

1774-] Ahfio detittc>^uiF»>G»»Gn III. c. 6S.	427

lengthy and vbetplk* of hiscortbeir abode, together with the and when fuch date of tta year fiir'wttich'fuch Kbps were grown; and if any hoP* ^cre exrifcofficeritaallfpw hiBirwrkof rthe weight of the hops updn gromu any bsgyhefbire^t^bag^and^toopr therein contained,(hall have beeni^ghedlfeyihfavhe (hall, for each offence, forfeit the fum of forty (fuHmg&/) ^ • ' - •

IIj. Andritwhereby declared, That the marks of the exrife Officer* mirk* officfecyIwpeby^diwtfdted tobemadc,(hall be proof fufficient that tobefufficient thdplantcr, gtowCr, or owner of hops, has conformed to thepro*' dintdiems of this vl&.

HI. And be it further enaCUd by the authority aforefaid, That Penaltjes^to aU penalties and forfeitures for offences againft this aCt, (hall,&ilrth*n& upon information and proof of the offences refpedUvely, before faljc 0f offtn-any one juftice of the peace for the county or place where the der’sgood*: offence (hath be tttfeovered, or wherein the offender fhali be or refide, either by the confeffion of the party or parties offending, or by the oath of one or more witnefe or witnefles, (which oath foch joffice of the peace is hereby impowered and required to adxnitdffer without fee or reward,) be levied by diftrefs and fale of > the goods and chattels of the party or parties ^offending, by wartaflt dr warrants under the hand and feal of fuch juftice,

(which warrant or warrants fuch juftice is hereby impowered to gfant;) and the overplus, after fuch penalties and forfeitures, sad the charges of fuch diftrefs and fale, are recovered and deducted, (hall be returned upon demand, unto the owner or owners if fuch goods and chattelsand one half of the penalties and ?nc half to tha forfeitures, when fo paid or levied, (hall, from time to time, be |he°other to paid to the perfon who fhali give information of any fuch of- (he poor, fence; and the other half (hall be paid to the overfeer or overseers of the poor of thepari(h or place where the offence (hall be committed, and applied to the ufe of the poor thereof refpe&ively.

IV.	And be it further enaCted, That if any perfon or perfons, Pcrfons forge-

flull forge, counterfeit, alter, or wilfully obliterate any mark, by	oV°

thisatfl directed to be put by the officers of excife upon any fuch ,or e 10 * bag or pocket; every foch perfon fo offending, and being thereof

legally ©onvkfted before a juftice of the peace, (hill be fubjeCt fo a penalty of ten pounds; to be levied, paid, and applied in manner and form above directed: and in default of paymeot there- . of, (hall fiiffer fix months iroprifonment, or until he (hall have paid the (aid penalty.

V.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That no perfon Complaint te (hall be liable to be profccuted for any penalty for any offence

againft this aCI, unlefs complaint (hall be made thereof to fome ^r^perfon juftice of the peace for the county or place where the caufe of liable to be complaint (hall arife, or be discovered within fix calendar months profccuted. next after the (ale of any fuch hops; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

VI; And be it further enaCted by the authority afbrefad. That this ad (hall be deemed and taken to be a public and (hall / . be judicially taken notice of as foch by all judges, juft ices, and other perfons whatfbever, without fpccially pleading the fame. '

CAP.

Digitized by Google

4? 8	Anootlccimo quarto GfiOUGli III. C. 69,70. [1774

C A k LXI£..	.	,

An id for raking a certain fum of money, by foana or exchequer biM the icrtice of the year ooetbonfead (even hundred and feventy*fe*.

CAP. LXX.

An 4ft fir applying a certain fttm of rrmey*far calling in* ain coinings the deficient gold coin of this realm; andforregmktmgn manner of receiving the fame at the bank of England; and if id ing, there, on account of the deficiency of the faid coin* axd ma^ fatisfaftion fir the fame; and for authoring all per fans a a and deface all gold coin* that fhall not be allowed to be aaratr his Majefifs proclamation.

Preamble* TI7 H E R E A & the gold coin of this realm has been greeij i V V mimfbed by clipping* filings and other. evil practices* ponia larly of late fears* in violation of the laws of ibis realm; and k k been a praftte'e to export and melt down the new and perfeft csss* fa after it has been ijfacd for private advantage, to the greet &u:.-mint of the public* and the like practice will continue wbdt fine differing greatly in weight are current under the fame dor tarnation* and at the fame rate and value: and whereas* fa pi-venting the mi [chiefs to which the public are expofed* it is pr^ -in the firjl place* that all guineas weighing left than five pevy weights* eight grains; and all half guineas* weighing Ufs that tv pennyweights* fixteen grains-, and all quarter guineas* weight*fai than one pennyweight* and eight grains; Jhould be called in* judn-Coined* according to the ejlablifbed ftandardof the mint* both si it weight and finenefs •* and it is proper lik&vife that the fame JLtlik called in-by degrees* and as fall as the occafions of circulation wiiio-law* and as the officers of the mint are able to recoin the fame: at ivber'tas the lords fpirituol and temporal* and commons* in parkncr fiffembled* have* in their addrefs* mojl humbly be fought your Mojtfa that your Majejly would be gracioufly p leafed to wise your royal pru* mat ionor proclamations, and thereby appoint futh days as to your Mr fifty Jhould feem meet* after which the faid guineas* half guineas, ai quarter guineas* Jhould not be allowed in payment* or to pafs, exalt *	only to the colic ft or s or receivers of the public revenues* or to fad pc-

fans as your Majtfly fhall authorife to receive and exchange tbtfm\ and that your Majejly would appoint certain other days* after wtii the faid guineas, halfguineas* and quarter guineas* Jhould not he dh-ed to pafs in any payment whatfoeyer* or to be exchanged in hum hefore laid; be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s inoftexedkai KMtjefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords (primal and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament^ Colledors of fumbled* and by the authority of the Came, That the tdlaik the revenues, the receipt of his Majcfty’s exchequer, and the fevcral receivers &c. to receive gCfteral, and their deputies, and the particular: receivers and coi-gold coin*: CU	,nc* officers, who are or (hall be entrufted .with there-

B ’ ceipt or collection of his Majelty’s revenues, inapofiuoru, duties, taxes, aids, or fupplies, within jUre kingdom pf Qrm Brm 1	ri\

74*1 Aimo decimo quarto Gfcoacn HI; c. 7<K	429

d this vice treasurer and receiver general, and paymafter gene*

, of all his Majefty’s revenues in the kingdom of Inland, and > or rhetr deputy or deputies, and the teller of the exchequer ?re. and aH the cotie&ors or receivers, and other officers, who 5 or (hall be in rufted with the receipt or collection of the d revenues, (haJI, and by this adl, and they are feverally rc-	x

ired^nd enjoined, to accept and take, for his Majefty’s ufe, r or upon account of any of the (aid revenues, impofitiohs, tiea, taxes, aids, or fupplies refpeCtively, during fuch time or nes as (ball be appointed and limited in his Majefty’s procla-atioci or proclamations, to be iflued in manner aforefaid, fuch. lineas, half guineas, and quarter guineas, being the'gold coin this realm, at tire rates they were refpe&ively coined, fo as the ficiency in weight of any of them does not exceed the deficiency which they fhall be allowed refpeCtively to pafs in payment to e faid tellers, viee treafurcr, receivers or collectors, by tlio id proclamation or proclamations.

II. And whereat the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, parliament affembled, have, in their faid addrefs to your Majefiy,

'livered it ns their opinion, that the public do bear the lofs arifing om the deficiency and recoinage of the faid guineas, half-guineas,

'id quarter guineas, provided fuch deficiency doth not exceed the rates tiled by the order of the commiffioners of your Majefiy's treafury of >e twenty-third day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and feven-three, and provided juch guineas, half guineas, and yuarter-gui-m, be offered in payment to the receivers or collectors of the publick . fvenue, or are brought to fuch perfon or perfons as fhall be author!fed ) receive and exchange the famey within certain times to be appointed f your Majefif s proclamation or proclamations: And whereas the overnor and company of the bank of England have confented and peed to receive and exchange all the faid guineas, half guineas, and uar ter-guineas, that fhall be brought to their office in London, oh mdition that the deficiency of the faid monies be made good to them, and bat they be paid the neceffary charge of melting down and cafting the me into ingots, and affaying the Jame; now, in order that an ac-mnt may be more eafify fettled, and exattfy adjufied, for the purpofes efore mentioned, be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid.

That the tellers of his Majefty’s exchequer, and the receivers Who are to ;eneral of the feveral revenues, impofitions, duties, taxes, aids, fam^tVihe •r fupplies, in Great Britain, refident within the cities of Lon- goVcrnor and }on and IVeftminfier, do, and they are hereby ftriCUy enjoined company of nd required, to convey, or caufe to be conveyed, all and the hank of very the faid 'deficient gold coin, received or taken by them, England;

$ foon as conveniently may be, and within fourteen days after he receipt thereof, at fartbeft, to the office of the governor and rompany of the bank of England, in London, there to be ex*- there to be :hanged for fuch other coin as fhall from thenceforth be allow- «*<•hanged for rd to pafs in payment', and be current; and that the vice trea-\irer and receiver general, and paymafter general of all his Ma- coin# efty’s revenues in the kingdom of Ireland, and his or their deputy or deputies, and teller of his Majefty’s exchequer there.

Digitized by v^ooQle

430	Anno	dedmo quarto Georgii IJLc.70. [1774.*

do, and they are hereby ftri<5tly enjoined and required. in like manner, to convey, or caufe to be conveyed iff juvdf Airy the faid deficient gold coin received or takbl	a

Conveniently may be, anfd Within forty /ifttr'tWfctepi thereof at fartheft, to the; faid office of ihe%"i^erhprkl!'ttffl'

Hof the bank of England, in London, there tb be exch^ngtd ich other coin as (hall from thenceforth ^allcw^ tl( in payment, and be current} and the coin which thetellers or vice treafurer, or his or their deputy of deputies, of receivers general, (hall receive in exchange fdr the ftid defa coin, (hall be placed by them to the refpedtiVe atequnts of the Taid particular revenues, taxes, loans, or other bfinchtt to which the deficient coin did belong, and (hall he iffued and applied to the fame ufes and purpofes refpedtivefy tp whichtk faid deficient gold coin was appropriated, and ought to have been ifiued and applied, without being diverted or dlvcrtihlcto any other ufeor purpofe, or being mifappHed, underthe penalty of incurring the fame forfeitures and disabilities by the officers, or other perfons concerned therein, as they would have incurred for diverting or mifapplying the money or fuch taxes, revenues, loans, or other branches, in cafe the fame were not exchanged in manner before mentioned.

Receivers ap- HI- And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,Tk pointed when all perfons who (hall be appointed by his Majefty, within the eo remit the kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, to receive and exchange deficient C0U1' the faid deficient gold coin, do, and they are hereby rcfjpeAively required, and ftridtly enjoined, from time to time, (0 remit or fend, or caufe to be remitted or fent, all and every the faid den* cient coin, received or taken, or coming to their hands, according to his Majefty’s proclamation or proclamations, as Toon as conveniently may be after the receipt thereof, to the office of the governor and company of the bank of England, in London, aid in like manner to fend, or caufe to be fent, to the faid office, the refidue of fuch deficient coin fo by them received, if received within that part of Great Britain called England, within theifpace of twenty-one days at fartheftj and if within that part of6V$ Britain called Scotland, within the fpace of twenty-eight days it fartheft ; and if within the kingdom of Ireland, within the (pace of forty days at fartheft, next after the day on which huMa-jefty’s faid proclamation or proclamations (hall have dedfirb|that fuch monies (hall not be allowed to pafs in any payment whatfo-ever, in order that the faid deficient coin may be exchanged by the faid governor and company, in manner before mentioned, for any other coin allowed from thenceforth to jpafe ip payment, or be current j and the faid governor and company, of jh^bank of England, upon tender of any fuch deficient gold troin, by any of the perfons before mentioned, (hall give, and th^y are hereby authorifed and required to give, in exchange for fuch deficient gold coin* any other coin from thenceforth allowed' to pals in payment, and be current.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid,

• *	That

Digitized by L )Qle

774*3 Anncf dcdmo quarto Georgii III. c.70.	431

nhat it (hall and may be lawful for the faid governor and com- Examiner# to any of the bank 01England to conftitute and appoint two or he appointed lore pefTens; which (aid perform, together with two or more nor^f tbe^ erfon$«/to be appointed by the lord high treafurer, or lords oipmjuloners of nis Majcfty’s treafury for ,the time being, fhall, lords’ot the nd they are hereby refpe<Siv«ly authorifed and required, undet treafury. he direction of the warden, mailer, and comptroller of his idajefty's mint, and their deputies, one of whom lhall always >e prefent, and of the governor and dire<5tors of the faid bank of England, one of whom (hall always be prefent, from time to ime, to take and (late an exall account, as well of all the faid leficient guineas, half guineas, and quarter guineas, then Renaming in the bank of England, as of all fuch guineas, half guineas, and quarter guineas, Which fhall be received by the faid governor and company of the bank of England, or be paid into me faid bank, by the feveral perfons before mentioned, or by any perfon or perfons whomfoever, and to examine whether the fame is or are the gold coin of this realm, and not of lefs weight than is or (hall be allowed at fuch times refpc&ively, in and by his Majefty’s faid proclamation or proclamations; and to caule all monies as (hall be found to be the gold coin of this realm, and nor of lefs weight than is or (hall be allowed as aforefaid, to be exailly numbered or told, and carefully weighed, and to let down and (late an exadl account of the deficiency found therein, and theo to caufe all the faid pieces to be cur, broken, or defaced ; and then, with all convenient fpeed, to deliver, or caufe to be delivered, an account and particular of all the feveral matters aforefaid, under the hands of the perfons by and before whom fuch account or accounts (hall be taken, to the lord high treafurer, or lords commiflioners of his Majelly’s treafury for the time being.

V. And whereas the commons of Great Britain, in parliament ojfembled, have refohied, that a Jum not exceeding two hundred and fifty thoufand pounds, be granted to your Majejly towards defraying the expence which /hall be incurred in calling in and recoining the faid deficient gold coin, in purfuance of the rejolutions of the houfe of commons of the tenth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and Jeventy-four: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enabled ; and be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall Treafury to and may be lawful to and for the lord high ticafurer of Great iffuefuch Britain, of lords commiflioners of his Majclly’s treafury for the 3Una*a**tQ ^ time being, or any three or more of them, and he and they is tfe amount and are hereby authorifed and required to iflue and apply, or ofaildea-caufe to be iflued, paid, and applied, from time to time, and as ciencie*. they (hall fee occafion, out of the faid fum of two hundred and fifty thoufand pounds, granted in this prefent feflion of parliament, fuch fum and fums of money, to the governor and company of the bank of Englandy as (hall appear to be the amount of fuch deficiency and deficiencies, to be taken and flated in manner aforefaid; and likewife fuch fum and fums of money as (hill appear to them to be requifite to defray all charges and

cxpences

Digitized by

Google

432

and towarde the expence of recoining the fame into ftandard current money.

CotnmiiTion-era of the treafury to ilTiie (out of 250,000!. hereby granted) fuch fum* as are necef-fary ro the ▼ice treafurer, &c. of Ireland}

who are to give feeunty to the lords of treafury, for exchanging and paying the fame.

Perfara author^ to cut

and deface light gold com.

Anno ricclmo qtrarto Grafted11K	£1774,

expences in melting down fueh deficient money, and cadki^ the fame.into ingots, and a flaying the fame; and abb to ae-vance fuch Aim and fums of money as they (ball Jee occafexs from time to time, to the mailer and worker x>f hi* Majefbs mint* for and towards the ./cveval expences. ta be incurred m and about the recoinage of the fame, into the ftandard cnrmi! money of this realm 5 and alfo to gram a reasonable reward to the governor and company of the bank of England* and m inch exchangers of the fold monies as his Majefty;(halt appoint for that purpofe, and to all other officers, clocks, and perfbas employed in and about the feversl matters herein contained, and to difeharge all fuch other incidental expences as fhall need*-rily attend the execution of this adh

VI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefsid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the lord high tin-furer, or lords commifitoners of his Mqefty’a trtafary for tbt time being, or any three or more of them, and he and they is and are hereby impowered by warrant under their rcfpe&hre hands, by and out of the fain futn of two hundred and fen thou fa nd pounds, to iflue, pay, and advance, fuch film and Aina pf money, as he or they, in his or their difefetion, (bah think hr, to the vice treafurer and receiver general, and paymaster general of all his Majefty’s revenues in the kingdom of /nrfe*;', and his or their deputy or deputies, or to the teller of the exchequer there, or to fuch perfon or perfohs as iball or may be appointed by his Majefty in Great Britain and Inland) for the purpofe of exchanging, in manner before mentioned, the &ui deficient guineas, half guinea*, and quarter guineas, to as the faid vice treafurer and receiver general, and paymaftcr general, or his or their deputy or deputies, and the faid teller of the exchequer, and the perfon or perfons to be appointed^* aforefatd, firft give fecurity, to the fatisfadlion of the lord high tTeafnrcr, or lords commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury for the time being, or any three or more of them, duly to account for the fame, and alfo for applying the fame in getting in fuch deficient coin as aforefaid, and for conforming hitnfelf and themfcfoes to the rules and regulations herein-before mentioned, or bch as (hall be dire&ed by his Majefty’s proclamation or prochms-tions, to be obferved and performed concerning the receiving and exchanging fuch deficient coin, and the payment thcreet, into the bank within the refpedliae times appointed for that purpofe.

VII.	And be it further enafled by the authority afarefetd. That the tellers in the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer is Great Britain, and the vice treafurer and receiver general, and paymafter general of all his Majefty’s revenues in the kingdom of Ireland^ and his or their deputy or deputies* and the

the exchequer there, and all receivers, eoileclors, andothrfr bilkers of ail his Majefty’s revenues wberefoever* and aM other perfons whatfoever, arc hereby authorifed and required to cur, break, or cfefecc, or caufe to be cut,, broken, or defaced, every

piecs

Digitized by

Google

1774-] Anrnrdccinid quarto Gsofton III. c.ft.	43$

piece of gold com of this realm that (hall, be tendered to them, or any of them, in paymfenp after fuch time and limes as any fuch piece of gblcf coin (hall, by tirtoe of any proclamation of his Majefty in council* be deekTreeb not to be allowed to pafs ifi any;payment' whatsoever, any law or ftatute to the contrary thereof irf any-wife notwithstanding; and the perfon rendering the feme (hall bear the lofs: but if any fuch piece fo cut, broken, or dcfacedy fhall be of due weight* and appear to be lawful money, the perfon that cut, broke, or defaced the fame, (hall and is hereby requited to take and receive the fame at the rate k was coined for : and if any queftiort9 or difputes (hall arife whether the piece fo cut be lawful coin, within the intent and meaning of his Majefty’s proclamations, it (hall be beard and finally determined by the mayor, bailiff or bailiffs, or other chief Officer of any chy or town-corporate where fuch tender (hall be made; and if fuclrteddfcr (hall be made out of'any city or town-corporate, then by feme juftice of the peace of the county inhabiting or being near the place where fuch render (hall be made; and the faid mayor, or other chief officer and juftite of the peace, (hail have full power and authority to adminiftef an oath, as he (hall fee convenient, to any perfon for determining any queftions relating to the weight and lawful currency of the faid piece of coin.

VIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Perfons ag-Tliat* in all cafes where any matter or thing is by this a& en- grieved tore-joined to be done by any of his Majefty’s officers of the exche- ^ma^from quer in Great Britain or Ireland* or by any receiver general, or defaulters, any other officer of his Majefty’s revenues there, and fuch officer (hall make wilful default in the performance thereof, by which any perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall be grieved, or fuffer any lofs or damage ; then, and in every fuch cafe, the . officer or officers making fuch default (ball be liable, by virtue	•

of this a&, to anfwer and pay double damages to the parry grieved or injured ; and that all penalties and forfeitures arifing by this a<ft, in all cafes where no fpecial remedy is before appointed* for recovery thereof, (hall and may be recovered by Forfeitures 4<5tfon ofdebt, bill, fuit, or information, in any of his Majefty’s recoverablebf courts of record in Great Britain or Ireland refpetfivelv, wherein aftion °f bo efibm, protection, wager of law, or more than one impar-4*^* hnce, (hall be granted.

CAP. LXXI.

An aft to prevent the exportation to foreign parts of utenjils made ufe of in the cotton, linen, woollen, and ftlk manufactures of this kingdom.

WHEREAS the exportation of the feveral tools or utenjils Preamble.

made ufe of in preparing, working up, and finijbing, the cotton and linen manufactures of this kingdom, or anf or either of them, or any other goods wherein cotton and linen, or either of thdm, are ufed\ will enable foreigners * to work up fuch manufactures, and thereby

greatly

Digitized by

43+

After July i, *774* perions (hipping tools or utenfils ur«i in tbe cotton or linen manufactures in order to export the fame,

to forfeit all fuch tools, &c. and zoo L

Officers of cuftoms to ieize all too!«, &c. on board itich veflcU;

which may be pi^blickly fold;

one moiety to his Majefty, and tbe orber to tbe officer. Matter of a (hip permitting fuch tools or uten-fils to be exported, forfeits soo 1.

Anno decimo quarto GeoRGII III. c.71. [1774* greatly diminijb tbe exportation of tbe fame from this kingim: tint-lore, for preferring as much as pojfible to bis Majejlys British jri-jells tbe benefits ariftng from tbofe great and valuable branch t trade and commerce, be it enacted by the King’s mod exaitat majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpir-tual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent partisan aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That if at mj time after the firft day of July, one thoufand feven hundred ai fcventy-four, any perfon or perfons, in Great Britain or ireU, (hall, upon any pretence whatfoever, load or put on board,« caufe to be laden or put on board, of any (hip, veffel, orbs, which (hall not be bound diredily to tome port or places Great Britain or Ireland, any fuch tools or utenfils as are cos-monly ufed in, or are proper for the preparing, working up,« finiihing, of the cotton or linen manufactures, or any or cute of them, or any other goods wherein cotton and linen, oreaker of them, are ufed, or any parts or parcels of fuch tools or m» fils, by what name or names the fame (hall of may be calkdv known ; the perfon or perfons fo offending (hall, for every fob offence, not only forfeit and lofe all fuch tools and uteo&ls, or parts or parcels thereof, which (hall be fo laden or put on board as aforefaid, but alfo the fum of two hundred pounds of lavfsl money of Great Britain 5 to be recovered by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVeJlminjler, or in the court of feffion in Scotland, or in any cf the four courts of Dublin refpedively, wherein no eifoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, fh?U be allowed, or more than one imparlance.

II.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid firft day of July, it (hall and may be lav-ful to and for any officer of his Majefty’s cuftoms in Grttt Britain, and for any officer of the revenue in Ireland, to kit and fecure, in forae or one of his Majefty’s warehoufes, all kh tools or utenfils, or parts or parcels thereof, by this ad prohibited to be exported, as fuch officer (hall find or difeovertobe laid or put on board of any (hip, veflel, or boat, which dull not be bound diredtly to fome port or place in Great Britan or Ireland, and that every officer who (hall feize(and fecure any of the faid tools or utenfils, or parts or parcels thereof, (haU be fully and abfolutely indemnified for fo doing; and all tools and utenfils, or parts or parcels thereof, fo feized and fecund u aforefaid, (hall, after condemnation thereof in due courfeofta, be publickJy fold ‘to the bed bidder, and one moiety of the pro* duce anting by the fale of fuch tools and utenGls (hall be to (h? ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceftors, and the other moiety to the officer who (hall feize and fecure tbe (aok a aforefaid.

III.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefol That, from and after the faid firft day of July, if thecapuinff mafter of any ftiip, vcffel, or boat, in Great Britain or Irtisni (lull knowingly permit any tools or utenfils* by this jwb*

bitti

Digitized by Google

1774.] Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 71.	435

bited to be exported as aforefaid, to be put on board his faid

(hip, veflcl, or boat, every fuch captain or mailer (hall, for every

fuch offence, forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds of lawful

money of Great Britain; to be fued. for and recovered in fuch

manner as the penalties by this a& upon perfons exporting the

(aid tools and utenfils are to be fued for and recovered: and if and if the fhtp

the find Ihip, veffe!, or boat, belongs to^is Majefty, his heirs or	to.hi#

fucceflbrs, then the captain or matter thereof (hall not only for-

feit the fum of two hundred pounds, to be fued for and recover- feftg %0Q\m *

ed as aforefaid, but (hall alfo forfeit his employment, and be in- and his corn-

capable of any office or employment under his Majefty,* his minion.

heirs or fucceflbrs.

IV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. Officer dfeu-That if any cuftomer, comptroller, furveyor, fearcher, waiter, allowing or other officer of the cuftoms in Great Britain, or any officer

of the revenue in Ireland, (hall take, or knowingly or willingly prohibited fuffcr to be taken, any entry outward, or (hall fign any cocket, utenfils, to warrant, or fufferance, for the (hipping or exporting of any of forfeit xoo I. the faid tools or utenfils by this adk prohibited to be exported, *nd or fhall knowingly or willingly permit or fuffer the fame to be done, diredkly or indiredtly, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this aft, every (uch cuftomer, comptroller, furveyor, fearcher, .waiter, or other officer of the cuftoms of Great Britain, or officer of the revenue in Ireland, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, to be fued for and recovered, as aforefaid, and (hall alfo forfeit his office, and be incapable of holding any office or employment under his Majefty, his heirs or fuc-ceffors.

V.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. Any perfon That if any perfon or perfons, ffom and after the faid firft day collecting fuch of July, (hall colledt, obtain, or have, in his, her, or their cuftodyor pofleflion any fuch tools or implements as aforefaid, order to*ex-or any tools or implements ufed in the woollen or (Ilk manu- port the fames fadtufes of this kingdom, or any parts or parcels thereof, and on complaint complaint (hall be made upon the oath of one or more credible of witneffes, .witnefs or witnefles before any juftice or juftices of the peace,

that there is reafon to believe that fuch perfon or perfons have or hath colledted, obtained, or got mto his, her, or their cuftody or pofleflion, fuch tools or implements as aforefaid, or parts or parcels thereof, with intent to export the fame to fame other port or place than Great Britain or Ireland; then, and in fuch juftices may cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the juftice or juftices grant *»*-of the peace, unto whom fuch complaint (hall be made, to iffue r?nti t0 his warrant or warrants, not only to feize all fuch tools or im-plements, and parts or parcels thereof, but alfo to bring the perfon and perfons fo complained of before him or them, or feme other of his Majefty’9 juftices of the peace for the fame county, riding, divifion, or city; and if, when fuch perfon or perfons (hall be fo brought before fuch juftice or juftices, he, (he, or they, (hall not give fuch an account of the ufe or purpofe to Vot« XXX.	G	g	which

Digitized by

C 5k

/

43*

and if not able to give a fetii-factory account of the ufo of fucb utenfiU,

juftices, for want of proper feairity, may commit the offenders

and in cafe fuch perlon be convitted at any afiize, &c. he (hall lofe all fuch u ten fils, and forfeit too I.

One/noiety of forfeitures to 30 to his Majefty, and the other to theprofecutor.

Limitation of aftiont.

» General iflue.

Treble cofts.

Atlno dccimo quarto G&okgii III. c. 71. [17744

which fuch tools or uteri fils, or parts or parcels thereof, are intended to be appropriated, as (hall be fatisfa&ory to the juftice or juftices before whom he, flic, or they, (haU he brought as aforefaid, then, and in fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch juftice or juftices, not only tocaufe all fuels Meb or utenfils, or parts or parcels thereof, which (hall have bees feifed as aforefaid, to beedetained, but alio to bind tbeperfiMtof perfons fo charged to appear at the next affixes, general jjad delivery, or quarter feffions of the peace For the county, dry, riding, or divifion, where fuch offence (hall be committed, with reafonable fureties for his, her, or their appearance; and in cafe fuch perfon or perfons (hall refufe or neeleft to give fuch fccn-rity, then, and in fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch juftice and juftices to commit the perfon or periods fa refuiing to the county gaol, there to be kept until the next affizes, or next quarter feffions of the county, city,. riding, or divifion, where fuch commitment lhall be, at the eleftion of fuch juftice of the peace, and until he, (he, or they, ibaH be delivered by due courfe of law: and in cafe any fuch perfon or perfons (hall be convifted upon any indiftment or information againft him, her, or them, at fuch affizc or general gaol delivery, or quarter feffions of the peace as aforefaid, of colleftiog, obtaining, or getting into his, her, or their cuftody or pofteffion, fuch tools or utenfils, or parts or parcels thereof, with fuch intent as aforefaid ; then, and in fuch cafe, the perfon or perfons fo offending, (hall, for every fuch offence, not only forfeit and lofe all fuch tools and utenfils, and parts and parcels thereof, which (hall be fo fcized and detained, but alfo the film of two hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain; to be recovered by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, of information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at fVeflminfier, or in the court of feffion in Scotland, or in any of the four courts at Dublin refpec«> tively, wherein no eflbin, proteftion, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

VI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That one moiety of the refpedive forfeitures by this aft inflifted upon offenders againft the fame, (hall, when recovered, go and be applied to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, Mid the other moiety to the ufe of the perfon or perfons who (hall fue and profecute for the fame refpeftively.

VII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That if any fuit or aftion (hall be commenced againft any per-fon for what he (hall do in purfuance of this aft, fuch aftion (hall be commenced within fix months after the faft committed ; and the perfon, lb fued, may file common bail, or enter i common appearance, and plead the general iflUe, not guilty * and may give this aft, and the fpeeial matter, in'evidence; and if the plaintiff or profecutbr (hall become nonfuit, of fuflfer «fU-continuance, or if a verdift pafs againft him or her, dr if Upon demurrer, judgement be given againft the plaintiff, the defend* ant (hall recover treble cofts.

CAP.

Digitized by

Google

1774*1 Anno dedfnb quarto Georgii HI. c. 72.	457

CAP. LXXII.

jfa aSi for afctrtaining fb<	duty on	printedpainted, Jlained, or died

fluffs,twoolly mqde of cotton, and manufactured in Great Britain,

0*4 far aUoivNtg the ufe and wear thereof under certain regu-Nations*

WHE1E A S a neiv mcmupiftnre of fuff's, wholly made ^/Preamble, raw cotton woof, {chiefly imported from the Britifh plantation s^) hath been latch fet up within this kingdom, in which manu-failure tnahy hundreas of poor perfons are employed: and whereas the ufe and wear of printed, painted. Rained, or dyed fluffs, wholly made df cotton, and manufactured in Great Britain, ought to be allowed uridfcr proper regulations: and whereas doubts have arifen whether the faid new- manufactured fluffs ought to be confldered as callicoes, arid ds fuch, if printed, painted, Jlained, or dyed with any colour or to fourty {fuch ds fhdtl be dyed throughout of one colour only excepted, J liable to the inland or excife duties laid on callicoes, when printedi painted, flamed, oh ctyed, With any colour or colours, (except as afore-Jaid,) by the flatutes made, and now in force, concerning the fame 5 and whether the wearing or ufe of the faid nezv-manufactured fluffs,

When the fame are printed, painted, Jlained, or dyed, are not prohibited by an alii pajfed hi the feventh year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firfl, intituled. An aft to preferve and Aft 7 Geo. 1. encourage the woollen and filk manufactures of this kingdom, and for more effectual employing the poor, by prohibiting the ufe arid wear of all printed, painted, ftained, or dyed callicoes, in apparel, houfehold fluff, furniture, or otherwife, after the tWenty-fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and twenty-two, {except as therein is excepted:) for obviating al! fuch doubts for the future, may it pleafe your moft excellent Majefty that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fyiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affcmbled, and by the authority of the fame, That No higher no greater or higher duty tlian three-pence for every yard in duty than length, reckoning yard wide, and after that rate for a greater or 3 d. tor every leffer quantity, mall be impofed, raifed, levied, collefted, or length! yard paid, unto and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fuccef- wide, to be lars; on the faid new-manufaftured fluffs, wholly made of levied on the cottpn fpun in Great Britain, when printed, ftained, painted, or new manufac-dyed, with any colour or colours.	turedftults.

II. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That All perfons it (hall and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons to ufe or may wear and Wear, within the kingdom of Great Britain, either as apparel, u{* thc fame* houfehold fluff, furniture, or otherwife, any new-manufactured fluffs, wholly made of cotton fpun in Great Britain, when print-, ed, ftained, painted, or dyed, with any colour or colours; any thrrlg m the faid recited aft of the feventh year of the reign of -his late majefty King George the Firfl, or any other aft or afts of parliament to the contrary hereof in any-wife notwith-ftanding*

G g 2	III.	And

Google	!

Digitized by *

Marks, to know that fucb fluffs •re manufactured in Britain, to be wove in the warp.

Perfons ex-

Anno dedmo quarto GeorgII til. £•}*} t *>7+*

III.	And, It the end it may it known the fatlured in Great Britain, be it further cf piece of the faid new-manufadured	.r

cotton wool, fpun in Great Britain, there fhall be^w^ twarp, in both felvages, through the whole lfeogtlrf blue ftripes, each ftripe of one thread on!y$ thf i faid ftripes (hall be the firft or outertnoft thread of tf each felvage; the fecond of which laid ftripes Audi be ^	>T_

thread; and the third of which faid ftripes (hall be the* fifth thread of the warp from each felvage; and that each piece of the fame ftuffs, when printed, (lained, painted, or dyed, 4n England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, be (lamped at each^end with a ft amp, to be provided for that purpofe, by the comtoK* fioners of excife in England for the time being, or by the officers employed or to be employed under them, and inllead of the word Callico, which (lands for foreign calliopes each piece be marked with the words, Britijb Manufa£lory\ and that each piece of the fame (luffs, when printed, (lained, painted, or. dyed? in Scotland, be ftamped at each end with a damp, to be p^brid* ed for that purpofe by the commiffioners of excife in Scotlandfyr the time being, or by the officers employed or to be eibployM under them, and inftead of the word Calluo, which fiends for foreign callicoes, each piece be marked with the words, Britijb Manufactory.	.

IV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforetaid, That pofing fuch to if any perfon or perfons, body or bodies corporate, (hall egpofe, the markU* or cau^c t0 ** expofed to fale, or have in his^ her, or their 9 cuftody or pofieffion, in Great Britain, any ftuffs wholly made of cotton, and printed, painted, (lained, or dyed, (muffins, neckcloths, and fuftians excepted,) wherein (half not bfe woven in the warp, in both felvages, only through the whole length (unlefs for of each piece three blue ftripes, (unlefs for exportation,) then exportation,) fuch pCrf0n or perfons, body or bodies corporate fo offenffipg, fliall forfeit (hall not only forfeit all and every fuch laft-mentioned ftuifrlo expofed, or caufed to be expofed to fale, or which (hall fee in his, her, or their cuftody or pofleflion, but (hall alfo forfeit jbr every piece thereof the fum ot fifty pounds; to be recovered"^ divided in manner herein-after mentioned; fave only fuctyj|p|fs as are wholly made of cotton wool, and which have be^ri, or (hall be, manufadured in Great Britain, and which that! jbe marked or ftamped on or before the feventeenth day of one thoufand feven hundred a>nd feventy-four, by fome Officer to be appointed by the commiffioners ot excife * all which^t-mentioned (luffs, fo manufactured and marked or ftamp^rit (hall and may be lawful to expofe, or caufe to be expotca to fale, or for any perfon Or perfons, body or bodies corporate^ to have in his, her, or their cuftody or poflefBon; any thing in this ad contained to the contrary thereof in aAy-wife notwith-(landing.

V.	Provided always. That nothing in this ad contained (hall extend to cotton velvets, velverets, or other fuftians, manu-fadured in Great Britain•

n t	VLAnd

Digitized by vjOOQ 1C

the fluffs, and 501, for every piece.

Exception.

Cotton velvets, or fuftians excepted.

7,7^;‘h Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. C. 72.	439

VI.	' And be it further enabled by the authority afore&id, No foture Fliat nohe pif the penalties in the faid recited a<51, which may recovery of lavit bcen incurred for the wearing or ufing any fort of the faid iew-thahufa£hired duffs, wholly made of cotton wool, fpun in virtue of a£t 7refit Britain, ancfjprinted, painted, flained, or dyed, within the 7 Geo. 1. kingdom as aforesaid, fhall be recovered or levied, unlefs feme -irolecution for the fame hath been already commenced, and Vdgement afreaify obtained thereupon; any thing in the faid recited adt contained to the contrary hereof in any-wife notwith-ftanding.”

VII.	And be It further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Duty to be le-That the faid duty of three-pence for every yard in length, *ied »n Eng. reckoning yard wide, and after that rate for a greater or Idler J-ommiffion-qu4dtity,( to be impofed, raifed, levied, colleded, and paid, upon ers of excife, ttld faitf neW-manufactured fluffs wholly made of cotton, fpun

m threat Britain? tfhen printed, Aainea, painted, or dyed, in £n£tdni, Walei, or Berwick upon Tweed, fhall be under the management of thje commiflioners of excife in England for the time	,

bdfng, and the officers employed, or to be employed, under them; and that the hud duty upon the fame fluff’s,, when and by the printed, flained, painted, of dyed, in Scotland, fhall be under the commi!* management of the commiflioners of excife in Scotland for the slogan”, time being, and the officers to be employed under them; and #nd te ^ .j that the uid refpedlive commiflioners of excife in England and ^t0 ,j,e re_ Scotland for the .time being, lhall, from time to time, pay, or ceiptofex-caufe to be paid, all the monies that they lhall refpe&ively re- chequer, ceive for the faid duty of three-pence for every fuch yard as aforefaid, upon the fame fluffs, when printed, flained, painted, or dyed, as the fame (hall arife into the receipt of his Majefly’s exchequer in England, under the like penalties, forfeitures, and ^lifabilities' as are to be inflidled under or by virtue of any adt, ftatute, or law made, and now in force, for diverting or mif-applying any monies by any fuch ad, flatute, or law, appropriated Or .appointed.fQf any the purpofes therein exprdTed.

VIII.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, CommUEoa-That the refpedlivc commiflioners to be appointed for manag- er* to provide ^hg the faid duty upon the faid new-manufa&ured cotton fluffs,

^i»ben printed^flained, painted, or dyed, in Great	,	as	jufy	"

! "hfOrefajd, fhall, on or before the fifth day of July, one thoufand 1774.

"feVCn hundred and fevehty-four, provide proper feals or (lamps, fof marking fuch of the laid new-manufadured cotton fluff's to be printed, flained, painted or dyed, in Great Britain, as afore-faid, as are to be (lamped and marked, for and in order to the Charging of the faid duty for the fame; and (hall caufe the faid feals or (lamps to be diftributed to,the refpe&ive officers, for the fevers! purpofes before mentioned; which officers are hereby etyoioed and required, in ufing the fame, to do as little hurt or damage as may be to the fluff’s to be fo marked or flamped: aha the faid refpe&ive commiflioners, in providing the faid re-fpetfive. feajs or (tamps, (hall take care that they be £b contrived tint the imprcwon thereof may be durable, and fo as the fame

Gg3	*»»/,

Digitized by v^ooQle

440	Anno	dcdmo quarto GeoRGH III. c.72.	[1774.

which may be may be lead liable to be forged or counterfeited 5 and that the renewed. faid feals or ftamps, or any of them, (hall or may be allowed qc renewed, from time to time, as his Majefty, his heirs or foccef-Perfons coun- fors, (hall think fit: and if any perfon or perfons whomfoever forfeiting (hall, at any time or times hereafter^ counterfeit or forge any fer™Sth.fUf fomp or feal, to refetnble any ftamp or feal which Ihall be provided or made in purfuance of this aft, or (hall counterfeit or refemble the impreffion of the fame upon any of the fluffs chargeable by this aft, thereby to defraud his Majefty, bis heirs or fucceflbrs, of the (aid duty thereupon to be chargeable or payable in refpeft thereof, then every fuch pedbn fo offending, and being thereof convifted in due form of law, (hall be adjudged a felon, and (hall fiiffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

Pedons im- IX. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefiud, porting fuch That if any perfon or perfons, body or bodies corporate, (halt frit*fuch and *mPort or bring into Great Britain, or into any port, harbour, so I. for every haven, or creek thereof, any callicoes, muflins, or any other piece.	goods or ftu(fs whatfoever made of linen yarn only, or of linen

yarn and cotton wool mixed, or made wholly of cotton wool, wherein (hall be wove in the warp in either or both felvages only, through the whole or any part of the length of each piece, one or more blue ftripe or (tripes of one or more thread or. threads ; fuch perfon or perfons, body or bodies corporate, (haU not only forfeit and lofe all and every fuch callicoes, muffins, goods, or (tuffs, which (hall be fo imported or brought into Great Britain, or into any port, harbour; haven, or creek thereof, but (hall alfo forfeit the fum of ten pounds for each piece thereof; to be recovered and applied in manner herein-aftc* mentioned.

Perfons felling- X. And be it further enafted by the authority aforelaid. That counterfeited jf any perfon or perfons (hall, at any time or times hereafter, death!° ^ any Pr*ntc^i painted, ftained, or dyed (tufts, wholly made oc cotton, with a counterfeit ftamp thereon, knowing the (amc to be counterfeited, and with an intent to defraud his Majefty, his heirs or fucceftbrs, all and every fuch offender and offender*, their aiders, abettors, and affiftants, being thereof convicted, in due form of law, (hall be adjudged a felon, and (hall fuffe? death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

Upon infer- XI. And be it further enafted by the authority afqrcfaid, mat ion of un- That at any time or times hereafter, upon oath made by any (tamped (tufts crcdible perfon or perfons, that he, (he, or they, have reafoo to cuftlSyofany fu*Pc& or believe that any printed, painted, ftained, or dyed draper; 7 fluffs, wholly made of cotton, for which a duty ought to bav* been paid or charged, as aforefaid, are or (hall be in the cuftody or poifeflion of any draper, or other perfon or perfons trading at dealing therein, or for any perfon or perfons for the ufe or account of fuch draper or other trader or dealer for fale, without having thereupon fuch marks or ftamps as are by this a ft required to denote the payment, or charging of the laid duties thereupon; it (hall and may be lawful to and for the commiffioners

who

Digitized by v^ooQle

1774 ] Anno decimg quarto Georgii III. c.72.	441

who (hall be appointed for the duties upon filk, callicoes, CommiiEon-linens, or fluffs, printed, ftained, painted, or dyed in Greater**or two Britain, or the major part of them, within the limits of theiutt»ces, may weekly bills of mortality, or any two juftices of the peace in any^0^^^* other parts of the kingdom of Great Britain, from time to time, to iffue their refpeCtive warrants crrwders, thereby authorifing and requiring arty officer or officers for the fame duties, (with " the affiftance of a conftable, or other officer of the peace) in the day-time, to fearch for the fame, and to open doors, trunks, cherts, and package, and to feize fuch goods, and to bring them to the office for the faid duties, next to .the place where they ihall be fo feized, in order to a further proceeding thereupon, according to this a6k; and that every fuch warrant and order (hall and may be obeyed and executed accordingly.

XII.	And be it further enaCied by the authority aforefaid, one moiety

That one moiety of the penalties and forfeitures, which (hall be of the pend# incurred as aforefaid, (halt be to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs to *** and fucceflors, and the other moiety to the ufe of fuch perfon or	*

perfons', who (hall inform or fue for the fame, by action of debt, informer, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majelty’s courts of record at Wejiminftcr, or in the court of exchequer io Scotland,

wherein no effoin, protection, or wager in law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed; fuch information or informar lions, to be entered, filed, and profecuted in the name of his Majefty’s attorney general, or in the name or names of fome officer or officers of his Majefty’s revenue of the cuftoms or excite, according to the true intent and meaning of an aCt, pa fled in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, intituled. An aft for the improvement of bis Majefly's revenues of cuftoms, excife, and inland duties.

XIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Powers, raise. That all and every the powers, directions, rules, penalties, for- and penalties

' feitures, claufes, matters and things, which in and by any aCt, now in force, ftatute, or law made, and now in force, relating to his Majefty’s toebt revenue of excife, are provided and eftablilhed for managing, ufed*relative railing, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, to this aft. or afeertaining the excife or inland duty or duties, for and upon any callicoes or fluffs whatfoever, when printed, ftained, painted, or dyed, with any colour or colours, within the kingdom of Great Britain, (hall be praCtifed, ufed, and put in execution, in «nd for the managing, raifing, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the faid dflty of three-pence for every fuch yard as aforefaid, upon.the faid new-manufaCtured fluffs, as fully and effectually as if all and every the faid powers, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enaCted in the body of this prefent aCt.	'	c

XIV.	And be it further enaCted and declared by the autho* bcinge rity aforefaid, That if any queftion (hall arife, whether any of manufaftured the (aid new-manufaCtured fluffs, wholly made of coiton, have in Britain to been manufactured in Great Britain, the proof of their having lieontllc

G g 4	been	owncr*

Digitized by booQle

442	Anoo decimo quftrtaX3*aRGIl Ilfcciyj*' [1774;

- been manufactured in Great Britain (hail lie u^on fhe (MKr» owners of fuch fluffs, and not upon-the p*oi&utorV‘«y ufege, or cuftom to the contrary notwithftwdmgk • . . x

CAP. LXXIli:



Preamble. ACt is Geo. y recited.

Anaft to extend fo much of anaft, pojfed in tht ttbftftft y*df efik reign of bisprefent Majefty, as relates to diJUUefs or skaters ofbm wines andJpirits from com, to every kind of dtfltUkr; andf&ik more effeftual fecuring the revenue of excifeanfi^f'fremade wines and fpirits5 and for afcertavning the allowance td be \u£f to the manufactures of wool and linen, in refpeft bf'tbe dxxit\ m foap imported and ufed in the woollen and linen manufd&ures.

WHEREAS by an aft, pajfed in the twelfth yg&r uf ok reign of bis prefent Majefty, intituled, An ad for the {« efieSual preventing of frauds in the revenue of excife, with is* fpeCt to tea, foap, low wines, and fpirits, it was% amemgft adr thingsy enabled. That the ftills and utenfils of diftillers end makers of low wines and fpirits from corn or grain Jhouldbe fecund by lech asi fafienings, as in and by the faid recited aft is provided; which fn-vifion has been found advantageous to the fair trader and the revenue, and the extending the like powers and regulations to all ebfiiUenf low wines and fpirits for fale, from whatever materials fucb km wines and fpirits Jhall or may be drawn, is likely to produce the Jim good ejfeft ; be it therefore enaCted by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of thfc l^rds fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament After June »+, affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from aid 1774., fo far after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four, the faid recited aCf, and every claufe, matter, and thing therein contained, fo far as relates to diftillers and makers of low wines and fpirits from corn or grain, (other than fuch as are hereby altered, amended, or enlarged,} (hall be, and are hereby re-enaCted and declared to extend to all and every diftiller and maker of low wines and fpirits, re&ifiers and compounders of fpirits, from whatfoever material or materials, preparation or preparations, the fame low wines or fpirits fhaHbe extracted, drawn, made, rectified, or compounded.

II.	And, for the better remedying the evils which the faid redid aft was intended to prevent, and for rendering the previfions tbernf more effectual, be it further enaCted by the authority aforefri, That from and after the faid twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four, no diftiller or maker of low wines or fpirits for fale (hall have in his, her, or thqr cuftody or poffeflion, or in the cuftody or poflefRon of any other 4 perfon or perfons, in truft, or for the ufe or benefit of him, her, or them, any dill or ftills but of the content herein-after men* waib ftill to	tioned 5 that is to fay, every ftill for diftilling any fort of fcr-

contain 400	mented worts or wafh, and commonly called The TVajb SttS,

gallons, (hall contain at leaft four hundred gallons in the body of fuch •ftill, exclufive of the head, and every ftill for diftilling low wines,

as relates to diftillers of low wine, hereby re-enacted.

After June 14, 1774, diftillers to have their ftills of the dimen-fions mentioned } viz.

Digitized by v^ooQle

r j4rT Aanorddfciftiaquarto Georoii HI. c.73.	443

id oomjQonly celfed Tbe Low Wine Still, (hall contain in the Low wine >dy t^nfeQf,oandrew;]ufive of the head, at leaft one hundred JUUioogal-llons, on pain forfeit, for every ftiil containing rcfpeaWely ^ ^^ lefs number of gallons than as above mentioned, the fum of 7 le hundred pounds.

11L> And be it. further enadtqd by the authority aforefaid, Diftillers to *hat,cvery diffiller and maker of low wines and fpirits for fale, roak® boles 1!^ every redlifier and compounder of fpirits, (hall, on or before le faijd twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred their ftills i4 Jfcventy-four, and every perfon who (hall thereafter fo diftil fortheufe r make low wines or fpirits, or (hall rc&ify or compound of gaugerss >irits, (hall, before he, (he, or they, begin fo to diftil, make,

:<5tify, or compound, or caufe to be made (with the approba-

on of the relpcdtive furveyors or fupervifors of excife, of the

iftridt or divifion in whicn their workhoufes are of may be

tuatc) in the bread of every ftiil by him, her, or them ufed, a

tole or opening, to the intent that the gaugers and officers of

xcife may take gauges and famples, ft the time, and in the

nanner, herein-atter directed; which hole or opening in the which (hall not

vafh (till (hall not be more than five inches fquare, and fo con- I*****®

rived, that the officers of excife may take a gauge or gauges

hereof with a cork and rule, and in every other (till, not being

1 wafh (till, the hole or opening (hall not be lefs than one inch

ind half an inch in diameter, and fo contrived that the officers

nay take a Simple or famples from the (till with a phial, to be

drawn perpendicularly through the fame; and the (aid boles or

openings (hall be locked and fecured in like manner, and under

theiame rules, regulations, and penalties, as by the faid recited under there*'

adt are diredted for fecuring the (till heads, and other convey* guUtjon* of

anccs thereinto, of diftillers and makers of low wines and fpirits l% et°i

from corn or grain.

IV.	And, tbe more effectually to prevent diftillers, rectifiers, and compounders, from working in tbe abfence of the officers of excife, be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That from and Diftillers to after the faid twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four, every diftiller and maker of lov^ ^ wines or fpirits for fale, redtifiers and compounders, (hall, at doarofftillsi his, her, or their own expence, find, provide, and affix, fuffi-cient locks, keys, and faftenings, (to be approved of in writing by and under the hands of the refpedtive furveyors or fupervifors of excife of *he divifion or diftridt in which fiich diftiller or maker of low wines or fpirits (hall refpedtively refide,) to the furnace door of each and every ftiil refpedtively by him, her, or them, ufed ; and the officers of excife (hall be permitted to lock and the of-and fecure the faid furnace doors of each and every ftiil refpec- fi5er*t0 fecu** Itively, urider their furvey, at any time when fuch ftills are not at foaic* work 5 and whenever fuch diftiller or maker of low wines or fpirits (hall be defirous to light a fire under fuch ftiil or ftills, and to have the faid furnace doors opened, and (hall have given no* tice in manner as herein-after is diredted ; then, and in every and attend to fuch cafe* the officers of excife (hall attend to open the fame. open them.

V.	And

Digitized by

444

Locks and key s to be affixed to the difeharge cocks of walk Hills, See.

DiiiUers refuting to com ply are to forfeit 50I.

Anno de^roo quarto Geprgii III. c. 7$. [*774.

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That every diftiller and maker of low wines or fpirits for fale (hall, at his, her, and their own expence, find, provide, and affix, fufficient locks, keys, and faftenings, to be approved of as afore-laid, to the difeharge cock of ever wa(h dill, and of every low wine Hill, by him, her, or them, ufed \ and the officers of ex-cife (hail be permitted, if they fee caufe, to lock and fecure fuck difeharge cocks at any time when fuch dill or dills (hall be at work: and if any fuch diftiller or maker of low wines or fpirits, re&ifier or compounder, (hall, after the faid twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufaod feven hundred and feventy-four, prefume to didil, or to make low wines or fpirits, or to rediify or compound fpirits, before he, (he, or they, (hall have caufed fuch holes or openings to be made, with the approbation of th* furveyor or furpervifor as aforefaid, and before he, (he, or they, lhall have found, provided, and affixed, fufficient keys, locks, and faftenings, to be approved of as aforefaid, to every fuch furnace door, and to every fuch difeharge cock refpeftively to each dill, to him, her, or them belonging, or by him, her, or them ufed, according to the direftions herein given, or (hall re-* fufe to pay for fuch locks, keys, and faftenings, in purfuance of the dire&ions of this adt \ he, fl^e, or they (hall, for each offence, forfeit fifty pounds.

VI.	And be it further cnadted by the authority aforefaid. That whenever any diftiller or maker of low wines or fpirit? from corn or grain (hall be defirous to have the furnace door of his, her, or their dill or dills unlocked, and (hall have given the like notice, and in the manner as by the above-recited aft is directed to be given for opening the dills of fuch didiilers and makers of low wines and fpirits from corn and grain $ then, and in every fuch cafe, the officers of excife (hall attend to open the fame; and when any diftiller or maker of low wines or fpirits from molafles, or other material, (not being corn or grain), ©r any redtifier or compounder of fpirits, (hall be defirous to have the furnace or furnaces of his dill or dills opened, he. (he, or they, if within the weekly bills of mortality, (hafl twelve hours at lead, and in other parts of Grtat Britain twen* ty-four hours at lead, before the particular hour or time of th« day or night when he, (he, or they intend to have the fame Opened, give notice, in writing, to the officer of excife who fur-veys his, her, or their dillhoufe, who, on receiving fuch no* tice, (hall attend accordingly : and when fuch didiller and maker of low wines or fpirits trom molafles, or other material, (not being corn or grain), (hall be defirous to charge his, her, or

_........ their wath dill or wadi dills, he, (he, or they, if within the

tend to charge weekly bills of mortality, (hall give notice, in writing, to the* tbeir (tills. officer of excife under whofefurvey he, (he, or they, then is or are, four hours at lead, or in other parts of Grtat Britain, eight hours at lead, of the particular hour or time of the day when he, (he, or they, intend to charge fuch wa(h dill or warn dills; which notices for opening the furnace doors of didiilers from

molaffes.

©(Been to attend to open furnace doors, upon notice given by di-Jtilkrs.

What time requifke to give notice to officers when diftiller* in

Digitized by

Google

774*] Anno decimo quarto Geqrgix III. c. 73.	44$

nolades, or other material, (not being corn or grain), and alfo, or charging the wafh dills of fuch didillers, fliall be given at he times herein mentioned; that is to fay, from the twenty* rinth day of September to the twenty-fifth day of March, yearly* between the hours of feven in the morning and five in the even-ng 5 and from the twenty-fifth day of March to the twenty-linth day of September yearly,- between the hours of five n the morning and five in the evening; and in cafe fuch diftiller and maker of low wines or fpirits from molafles, ar other material, (not being corn or grain), , (hall not begin to charge his, her, or their wafh dill at the time mentioned in luch notice, or within one hour after, fuch notice (hall, in every cafe refpe&ively, be null and void j and the diftiller and maker, in fuch cafe refpeCtively, (hall be obliged to give another like notice, in writing, before the officer (hall be obliged to attend the charging of fuch dill or dills, as aforefaid.

VII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. The aumber

That when and fo often as any diftiller and maker of low	°*

win$s or fpirits for fale (hall give notice, in writing, to the of- J^befieaificd fleers of excife, of his intention to charge his wafh llill or wafh iQ the notice dills, as by this and the faid recited a<ft is directed atyl requir- to be given * ed j every fuch diftiller or maker of low wines or fpirits (hall ex-

prefs, in fuch notice, the particular wafhbatch and wafhbatches, from which he intends to charge his wafh dill or wafh dills, and (hall, in fuch notice, deferibe the number and mark of fuch wafhbatch and wafhbatches; and if fuch didiller or maker or fuch no. of low wines or fpirits, (hall neglcCt to exprefe the particular	he

wafhbatch or wafhbatches, with the number and mark, every v°l * fuch notice (hall be null and void; and every fuch didiller or maker of low wines or fpirits (hall be obliged to give frefh notice.

VIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. Penalty for That if any fuch didiller or maker of low wines or fpirits, (hall charging

at any time charge his wafh dill, or wafh dills from any wafh* ^^ioned fa* batch or wafhbatches not particularly mentioned or deferibed {henotice 100L in the notice as aforefaid, or (hall difeharge from, or take out of any dill any feints or fpent wafh, contrary to the directions of this adt; then, and in every fuch cafe, he, ihe, or they, (hall, for each offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds.

IX.	And be it further cnadted. That the officers of excife Officer* o£ ex* (hall be permitted, and they arc hereby impowered, to take dill ^ gauges, as well of fpent wadi and feints as of the charge of the and^am^lci of wafh dill and wafh dills, at any time or times after the dill or the fame, dills are charged, and before the dill or dills come to work, and

to take famples of the fame at any time or times after the dill or dills are charged, and before the dill or dills come to work, and alfo after the dill or dills are off, paying, if demanded, after the rate of one (hilling and fixpence per gallon for the wafh, paying is.6d. and four-pence per gallon for fpent wafh and feints fo taken; for the wafh, and if the officer, in taking fuch gauge or gauges, fample or the fpent waffi famples, fhall difeover that any wafh has been put into any dill,^ gallon, except the known wafh dill, or into the wafh dill, without the If any wait

notice

Digitized by LjooQle

446	Anno	dccimo quarto GeorgiI III. C.73.	£1^74.

bat been pot notice herein mentioned and required; or (hall find any in^rttfe intheftilltban jn fuc^ ftiu or (tills more than can be accounted for by the accounted for, comParc *ke decreafe, from the wafhbatchor waftibItches diftiller to piy particularly mentioned and expreffed in the notices to be gtvea double duty as above directed; or if fuch officer, on c<m^atihg1the qtsm-iot the fame; tfty of low wines charged with the fpent waforemamingin tbe wa(h ftill, fhall find a greater proportion than could ffom the quantity of wadi taken account of in fhe*fr(fibatch« pulped into fuch wa(h ftill; then, and in each ana c¥rty (uch fuch increafe (hall be deemed and taken to be niide 1rottx thtot wa(hbatch or wafhbatches not mentioned in foth notice, and the officer (hall, in every fuch cafe, and he ik hereby required and directed to charge fuch diftiller or maker of low wires or fpirits with double the duty from the prefumptive charge; and fuch diftiller or maker of low wines or fpirits foal] and no allow-pay fuch double duty accordingly; and no allowance fizaH amceforfeints, be made to any fuch diftiller or maker of low wines or fpi-but^w^tis C* r*ts’ *or any fr^nts> water, or other liquor whatfoever, on any pat into ftills, pretence put into fuch wa(h ftill or wafh ftills, but Tuch as in the view of (hall have been put into fuch ftill or ftills in the fight and view the officer. 0f the pepper officer of excife.

If the officer X. And be it further enadted, That if the officer of eatcife difeovers, in (hall at any time difeover, at the ftill-houfe of any fuch diftiller *“y kill, other or maker oflow wines or fpirits, redtifieror compounder, ip any k^own walh or ftills, other than the known wa(h ftills, any wa(h put in-ftill, wa(h to or. mixed with the low wines or fpirits in ftich ftill or (fills, mixed with the every fuch diftiller or maker, redtifier or compounder, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit one hundred pounds.

XI.	And whereas it may frequently happen, that notices given tin-

ier the directions of this and of the above-recited oft may be given h more than one diftiller or maker oflow wines and fpirits, rectifier tr compounder, in the fame divifion or iiftirift% and each of thofi notices may exprefs the fame hour or time for the officer of excife to attend fot the purpofes of the fend efts, whereby the officers may he grunty barrajfedy be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That if the officer of excife (hall attend at the workhoufe of any diftiller or maker oflow wines or fpirits, redtifer or compounder of fpirits, according to the notice, or within one hour after the particular hour or time mentioned in any fuch notice. It lhall be fufficient.	k ' , / ' ’

XII.	And be it further enadted by the authority afoTefcid, That if by any means, device, or contrivance whatfoever/hny

difcbir e	(hall	open any furnace door, difeharge cock, of any

cocks, k »f- frfte^ng on the holes or openings iti the breads of any ftill or ter being faf- ftills, after the fame (hall have been locked or feeftred by'the officer of excife, or (hall wilfully hurt or damage any loot, or other faftening, every fuch perfon (hall, for every fuch* Offence refpedtlvejy; forfeit and lofe the fum of two hundred |kJtyidk;

the diftiller to pay tool.

How the officer may adk' when fcveral notices are

even at one >ur.

Any perfon opening furnace doors, difeharg

tened by the officer forfeits aool.

Perfon ob-ftrudting officers forfeit io*U

XIII. And it is hereby further enadted by the lurtun-i^^tfbte* ‘	~	bftrudtyhitid^h? 6p-

faid, That if any perfon or perfons (half oLuu< >.1, niuv^i^ pofe any of the faid officers, in the execution of t^e' ptrtrtn given to him by this aft, the perfon or perftms bffendift^there-

...... '	'	'	in»

Digfozed by CjOO^Ic

*774*] Anno decimo quarto GeoRgIIlit. C. 73.	447

in, (ball, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds.

. :X|V. And bo it further ena&ed by the authority afore&id, Fines, fprfei-Tfiat allJineSp penalties, and forfeitures, impofed by this afl,	ho*

Qiall.bc fued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by fuch ways,tobefttCd for» means, and methods, as any line, penalty, and forfeiture, is or may be recovered or mitigated, by any law or laws of excife, or by adHon of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVeflminfler, or in the court of ex- and bow to be chequer in Scotland; and that one moiety of every fuch fine, applied, penalty, or forfeiture, (hall be to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or them who (hall dif-cover, inform, or fue for the fame.	10	Ann®

XV.	And whereat by an ad, pajfed in the tenth year of her hie recited $ relat-Jbfajejly Queen Anne, it was enacted, That there fhould beraijed,, le- ingto impoc-vied, collected, and paid, unto her Majejly, her heirs andfuccejfors,	^

for and upon ail foap which at any time or times within or during • the term of thirty-two years, fhould be imported into the kingdom of Great Britain, over and above all former cuftoms, or fubfidies, the fum of two-pence for every pound weight avoirdupois; and for and upon all foap which, during the faid term fhould be made within the Jaid kingdom, the fum of one penny for every fuch pound weight avoir-dupois: and whereas by one other aft, mode in the twelfth year of ibereign A £ t» Ann® of her faid late Majejly, it was enacted, That the further duty of one recited, r*-penny, for and upon every pound weight avoirdupois of fuch foap fo to be imported or brought into this kingdom 5 and the further duty make ufc one halfpenny for every fuch pound weight of foap to be mode in the of foap. faid kingdom, fhould be raifed, levied, collected, and paid, for the term of thirty-two years, to be reckoned from the time therein men -tioned: and whereas by thefaid firfi recited aft, it being judged reafona-ble to give an eafe or encouragement to perfons employed in making or fihifbing woollen manufactures, it was therefore further enacted,

That there fhould be paid to the faid manufacturers fo much as one-third part of the duty granted by the faid aCl, for all foap employed, fpent, and confumed, in the making, finijbing, or preparing any manufacture of Jheep or lambs wool, upon proof thereof made, as in and ay the faid aCt is directed and required: and whereas by the faid rented aCt of the twelfth of her faid late Majejly, it was provided' and enacted, That during the continuance of the duties on foap by that 4rfl granted, there fhould be paid to all perfons who fhould employ,

/pend, or confume, any quantity of foap in any manufacture of Jheep cr lambs wool only, or manufactures whereof the great ell part of the value of the materials Jhall be wool, or in whitening of ntw linen in the piece, upon proof thereof, as in and by the faid loft recited aCt is directed, fo much as the whole duties by the faid qCl granted: and whereas the faid feveral above recited ads, and the duties, allowances, and payments thereby granted and given, have been mads perpetual: and whereas great quantities of Britifh-made foap have of late been fold to the manufacturers of wool and linen, as and for foreign foot imported into this kingdom, and fuch manufacturers having employed, /pent, and confumed the faid foap fa purchafed in the manufacture of wool and linen, have applied to the proper officers of ex-

1	^	-	Digitized	by

cift

44®	Anno	dccimo	quarto	GeorOII	III. C; 74* £ i774.

life in their feveral collisions and difriSs for the allowance by thi faid feveral ftatutes granted, and have claimed payment of the dudes as for Joap imported, whereby the revenue has been greatly Uffeued: After *4 Junt9for remedy thereof be it enaded by the authority aforefeid, That from and after the twenty-fourth day of J*ne9 one thobfand every manu-°kven ^hundred and feventy-four, there {hall be paid to every fafturer of fuch manufacturer of wool or linen, as aforefaid, for all foap wool the du- employed, fpent, or confumed, by hirti, her, or them, in foefa ties paid for manufactory, whether fuch foap be imported into, or made in thi*5kingdom. this kingd00* only, fo much of the laid duties as are now paid 'for foap made in this kingdom; any law, ftatute, or ufagenot* withftanding.

Payments to XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority afortfahi, refted by^he' That ^ai(* payment (hall be made on the like proofs, and recited ats. under the fame rules, regulations, oaths, affirmations, pains, and penalties, as in and by the faid above-recited aCts are directed and required/ ,

Perfons profe- XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid* th^Cdd°r	That *f any pc^fon or perfons (hall be fued, molefted, or prbfe-

thisaft may y cutec^ f°r any thing done by virtue or in parfuance of this act, plead the ge- fuck perfon or perfons (hall and may plead the general ifluci and acral iifue. give this act, and the fpecial matter, in evidence, in his or their defence or defences; and if afterwards a verdict (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs {hall difeontinue his or their action or actions, or be nonfimed, or judgement (hall be given againft him, her, or them, on demurrer, or otherwife, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall Treble cods. have treble cofts awarded to him, her, or them, againft any fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. LXXIV.

An aft for reducing the rates and duties payable upon the importation of great raifms

Preamble, TTTH E RE AS in and by the book of rates referred to by the reciting the V V of ton age and poundage, made in the twelfth year of the duties payable reign of King Charles the Second, raifms great the hundred weighty ofratM^u containing one hundred and twelve pounds, are rated at one pound ten Car. */ Jhillings; and in and by the additional book of rates referred to by an ai7, made in eleventh year of the reign Of his late majejly King George sad u Geo. i • fa fir/ly raiftns of Alicant, Denia, and other raifms not other-wife ratedy the hundred weighty containing one hundred and twelve poundsy are rated at no more than ten Jhillings: and whereas it has been foundy by expertencey that the duties payable upon great raiJhtSy according to the rate herein’before tnentionedy are too high in proportion to the real and true value of fttth rdifinSy tjohixf bat been a great difeouragemettt to the importation thereof to the prejudice of the revenue and trade of this kingdom : for remedy zithereofy may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the atdvice and confcnt of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons. After 14 June *** *hrs prcfent parliament affembled, and by the authority of 1774, duties the fame, That from and after the frrft day of J*iy9> one thotf-

Digitized bfiGoogle	land

P4-1 Anno decimo quarto Gboroii III. c. 7$.	449

3	fev«i hundred and feventyrfour, the duties payable ttpoit payable by the importation of great raifins, according to the faid rate of i pound ten (hillings per hundred weight, (hall ceafe, deter- ^lon^^dfins^ ie, and be 00 longer paid.	to ceafe. 1

I. And be it further enaAed by the authority aforefaid, That,-Great raiftna lieu of the faid former rates and duties repealed by this aft, to pay the old great raifins or raifins ufually entered under that denomina- fubfidy by n* which, from and after the faid firft day of July* one thou- 11 Car,*# d feven hundred and feventv-four, (hall be imported of >ught into this kingdom, (hall be rated to, and pay the old >fidy granted by, the aA of tonage and poundage, made ixl ; twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, ac* rding to the rate and valise of ten (hillings for every hundred ight, containing one hundred and twelve pounds, and after at rate for any greater or lefs quantity of fuch raifins 5 and the reral further fubfidies, additional duties, and all other imports d duties whatfoever, to which fuch raifins were fubjeA and ible before the making this aA, (hall, ’in like manner, bd id proportionably, according to the rate or value herein-beforq t thereon for the old fubfidy, and not according to any for- • er rate or value; any thing in any other aA to the contrary otwithftanding.	1

III.	And be it further enaAed by the authority aforefaid. That How the fub->e feveral fubfidies, impofitions, and duties made payable by this fidies and im* fk upon fuch raifins, (hall be raifed, levied, colleAcd, recover-1, paid, and applied, in fuch manner and form, and by fuch applied, ays and means, and under the like penalties and forfeitures, id with fuch difeounts, allowances, and drawbacks, as the lid former fubfidies, and other duties, were raifed, levied,

:>lle&ed, recovered, paid, and applied, and were fubjeA and able to, and all the powers, penalties, proviftons, articles, and laufes, contained in the feveral aAs of parliament, which ranted or continued the fame refpeAivcly, (hall continue in ill force and effeA, and (hall be applied, praAifed, and execut-d, for the raifing, levying, colleAing, recovering, paying, and pplying, the faid refpeAive fubfidies, impofitions, and other uties, according to the true intent and meaning of this prefent A, as fullj^ and effeAualiy* to all intents and £urpofes, as if he faid claufes, matters, and things, had been repeated and naAed in the body of-this prefent aA.

CAP. LXXV*

in aA for enlarging the prefent, or providing a neVr Workhoufe, for the ufe of the parifli of Saint Saviour Southwark, and for regulating thfc poor in fhch workhoufe j for widening King Street, at the entrance into the High Street, Southwark; for making a cirriSge Way from the (kid High Street, through the Greyhound Inn, into Q*een Street, ana for improving the pafTage from thence into Gravel Lane, leading to* Wards the Black Friars Bridge road, in the parifti 6f Chrtft Church.

Preamble. Truftees. Time end place of truftees £rft- meeting. Meetings to be adjourned if a (ufficient number do not .attend, Sto* Truftees u* bear their own expences. Truftees dying* &c. inhabitants to appoint ttfacn in their ftead. No perfon capable of aAing as a truftee wbilft concerned

Digitized by

Google

Anno decimo quarto GeoXGII Iff. C.7J.	£177+.

ccrned in any contra#. lYu/tees to appoints treafarer. For aapdr in* darks, collators and otfcdr officers | and allowing them laurie*’ ColleApce to account. If colle&or* rafale to	iftHtr	A	be

brought again!* them, and tbe money may be levied^ difcrtds- 0£m^rt may enlarge the prefent workhoufe, or may fell it, fid fuirbtfi jampl and build a near one. Poor may be punifeed for mifoehaviour. Befav ed children, and wandering poor, may be taken up. Penalty oo mfltt buying, or receiving into pawn, doathi. &c. belongifgfa' the pobr,hL Manner of during overfeers for the future. Not to ilter an aft^ef f Geo. 3,. Trurteet may make the openings as ddcribed in the fthd^. Materials veiled in the truftees. ' Bodies politick. Sec; inspdwtnd to contra# with truftees for tbe fale of lands, Src. On ref«fil4sh>ki vilueto be fettled by a jury. Sheriff, on notice from fruftcct/ttlim nel a jury. Jury may view the place in queftion. Jury may be dfoMabL Witnefles may be ated and examined. Penalty on ftenff; Sic.' wabf default, not to exceed rol. Junr to affefe for recompence. TraAdki give judgement, and the verdidt to be final. Verdi&s to be luUitffby ' the clerk of the peace. Expences of tbe jury and witneffes by wfififote be borne. Verdi# not binding, unlefs money be pfid within 6 f skiiln months. On payment of purchafe-raoney, premifes to be convey erf. §k cafe of refufal or incapacity to convey, or if mortgagees refafc i if foil their mortgage money, the fame to be paid into the bank, in ffir mm of tbe accountant general of the court of chancery, fubje# to tbe dido1 of that court in a luminary way, See. On payment of fums afftffed, ’fVe-miffestobe vefted in the faid truftees. Purchafc-mooey may befelAoed out at intereft. How dividends are to be paid. How perfofi* tnttded to the mefne profits may recover againft perfons in pofleflion. Truftees may make orders on tbe bank. Sec. Truftees not aniwerable for monies fo de-pofited. Mortgagees to ailign, upon tender of principal, and the edes* dar months intereft $ or on fix months notice. Tenants to quit, on notice given. Monies payable to bodies corporate, See. to be isveftedia the purebafe of other eftates. In what manner houfes, Scc. may be poftduf-ed. Truftees may let or fell any overplus ground. The Greyhound inn and houfes adjoining, not to be taken down during the remainder of the leafe. Perfons may advance money to the treafurer not exceeding vweol. and not exceeding 10001. for the purchafe of annuities. Treafurer to pay annuities quarterly, and to be allowed him in account. Books to b*kept. Aft *8 Geo. s. Annuities under this a# to be paid out of the Turpins of the monies arifing from tbe market, and out ot the rate granted.' Annuities not liable to taxes. On default of payment of the aftfiwitiee, the furplus of the income of the market, Sec. to veil in the annuitants. Contributors to have receipts for money paid. Annuities may be affigned. Truftees impowered to make a pound rate on all houfes, Scc. Rate to be allowed by two juftices of the peace. Manner of recovery. Perfons quit-Ing their houfes, Sec. before paying the rate, and (hall afterwards tmk payment, juftices may grant warrants for diftrefs of goods. Sec. and, after five days, may fell the fame for payment of laid rate, and all arrears, dee. Truftees may fue in tbe name of their treafurer. Empty boa for to be rated, and the rates to be paid by the proprietor, &c. Houfes let fender to 1. a year, or in fepuate apartments, or ready formfeed, owners deem-ed occupiers. Occupiers to pay* the rates j and may be deduced oat of the rents. Landlords not to be charged for any increased rent ovi account of his paying the rate. Truftees impowered to borrow jo4o 1. on bonds of tool, eacn, and tbe intereft to be paid out Of the rdte. How intereft and annuities may be recovered. How bonds (hall be <fikhirged<. Limitation of monies to be railed by annuities. Expences of tbe a# how to be paid. Proceedings to be entered in a book. Notice of meetings to.be given. Penalties and forfeitures bow to be recovered and applied. Form of convi#ioo. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter lelfioiis. Diftrefs not unlawful for want of form, nor removable by Certiorari into any other court. Writings to be without damps. Limitation of A&oas. General iffi*. Treble cofts. Publkfcad. Schedule.

* *

CAP.

•Digitized by Google

74-3 Anno decimo quarto Georgii IIL c. j&,

PAP. L2£XVI.,

m€t f&t rcdceiirmg the fum of one minion of the ctpleal (tacks of three Nnandt/it centum annuities, itrtbe manner avid on thi terms therein ftetiftiotitd; ahd for eftablithfoga krttery.

taxable. Bodies politick. See. who have dgni’fied their content to the ma i.forc'aid to receive from the governor of the bank a certificate of ; funis fubfcribed, Sec. Treafury to apply a fum fufficient to difeharge g moiety, which, fubferibers are to receive by July 5,1774. Remaining OC&y to be paid before Oil. to, 1774* Bank to tranfrait an exalt lift ol {Markms injutled to the 3 per cent, annuities. Perfons who have fubferib-names, 5cc. to have their intereft till July 5,1774* Payment of 4. quarter's annuity to be ordered by the treafury to be made to July 5, 74. Annuities payable to ftsnd redeemed } and after July 5, 1774, to Lie,., Perfons forging certificates to be adjudged guilty of felony. Sub-ibers to receive at the rate of 4I. for every 100T. Cafhier* to give fe- . ijpes to the commiffioncrs of the treafury, for paying the monies into* e exchequer. Treafury to apply the money to the fervices voted this lion* 6oo«oool. to he divided into prizes} and paid into the bank out the (applies granted this feffion. Managers and directors of the lottery t>4v*ppouued by the treafury. Method of the lottery books. Ticket. laAaggrs to examine the books with the tickets, and deliver them after the cafhiers of the bank, taking a receipt for the fame. Cafhiers to retro the books, with the undifpoied tickets* with an account of the mo-es paid in. Undifpoied tickets to be delivered into the exchequer. Tic-eta of the middle columns to be rolled up, and faftened with filk j and it off indent wife into a box marked with the letter (A). Box to be lock-1 up, and fealed. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of hich 60,000 tickets to be printed. The number and value of the formate tickets. 10001. to each of the three firlt drawn tickets, and 1000I.

> t he»I alt draw 11 Tickets of the outermoft columns of the laft-mention-i book to be rolled up and tied. Publick notice to be given of putting >e tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on 14 Nov. 1774. letbod to be obforved in drawing, See. Number of the fortunate tickets, nd the fums to be printed. Dilputes to be adjufted by the managers, ’enalty on forgiqg tickets* Sec. Felony. Offenders being out of prifon * ifcovering perfons guilty, to be free and have 50I. reward. Provifo. Managers -to be fwoin. The oath. Calhier to receive the fums fubferib-d, before receiving the lottery book, and to give a note for the fame 1 the ttarers inti tied thereupon to one lottery ticket for every isl. 10 s. fo ►aid. Contibotots not making good their pay menu within the times linked, forfeit their depofits with refpelt to the lottery] and the tickets for” uch fums to be delivered back into the exchequer.' Treafury to pay the nanagers, and defray the incidental expences. Limitation of the fale of hanett, Sec. Penalty. Office-keepers Sec. felling (hares hi tickets of thick they are not ppffeffed, forfeit 5001. Offences committed in Ire-and againft alls for preventing unlawful lotteries, made puniihable, ind the penalties may be fu?d for in Dublin. The fum ol 600,000). payable in refpelt of the fortunate tickets, is charged upon the aids in general granted this feffion; managers to give notice of the time for taking in the tickets, and delivering out the certificates. Sec. Certificates to be numbered. Books to be kept for entering the names of perfons bringing tickets to be exchanged, Sec. Certificates to be figned, Sec. Treafurer to difetame all incident charges attending the execution of this alt. No foe to be taken for receiving or paying the contribution-monies, or for iffu-hag receipt*of monies,. on penalty of sol. General iftue. Treble tofts.

*	‘	4

•Vol. XXX.

‘ ft K ' J * (Jap.,

Digitized by

Googl

e

45*	Anno	decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 77.	[1774

CAP. LXXVII; v ^	-	M

An afl for the relief of infolvent debtors ; artAfyrth rlTufofbij* rupts, in certain cafes*	•

Preamble. Tlf>r H E R E A S many perfons, by tofifh and bfher miferrime V V <jrr rendered incapable df paying their whole debt*; anAthdiff they are willing to make the utmoft fatisfafiion' they cany of them aft able to ferve his Mayejly by Jea ok land, jet are Ami in prifon by their creditors, or have been forced to \gi hftf parts out of this realm: and whereas fuch unhappy debtors l£at£'ot ways been deemed the proper ebjefls of publick compaffon^ and, bfjh veral arts of parliament, have been difehargedon the cendstisxsie fuch alls mentioned; for the relief therefore, of iufifvmt pfifimn and fugitives, who Jhall comply with the terms contained in ihs df to be refpeflively obferved by them, and faithfully difeover upton and deliver up and affign, all their ejfefls cud eftates wbttfmtrl for the benefit of their creditors, and to prevent, as far as fiQ9k, the many frauds and abufes, which, in a great nieafure, httpf id-Jlrjifled the good ends of fuch alls *, be it enabled by therKk|^ moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and contest! df ihe lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prdbt Alphabetical parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That;

from and after the palling of this a<5l,all and every gaoler or k&pet er» in cultody °f any prifon, in any county, riding, divifibh, city, two, tor debt on 7 place, or liberty, within this kingdom, (hah, is, and are hert-Apriiis, 1774, by required to make a true, c*a<ft, and perfect lift,afphabeD. or fince that cally, of the name or names of all and every pclfoki 61* pertofts, alc *	who,	upon the twenty-eighth day of Aprils one thoufknd fcv«

hundred and feventy-four, was or were, or at any time have been, and at the time of makihgout every fuch lift fbiH be, really an actual prifoner or prifoners, in the cuftody ofamr gaoler, or gaolers, or keeper of any prifon refpe&fvdy, tipSi any procefs whatfoever, for or by reafon of any debt, damage, coils, fum or fums of money, contempt, or otherWife, and tn % with the time account of the time when fuch prifoner or prifoners was or when charged, were refpeftively charged in cuftody, or received in prifon^ to-fuit at Wh0l€ Bct^cr the name or names of the perfoh or perfons at tftafc Ul *	fuit	or profecution fuch prifoner or prifoners rs or are^hnoedi

The fame to and (hall deliver the fame to the jullices of the peace,* at'rfef be delivered firft or fc^ond general quarter feflions of the peace, to te field ftlHoniqUVlCr a^cr Puffing of this a<5l, or at feme adjournment thereof, fa t on,# fuch county, riding, divifion, city, town, place, ofirbertyit* fpe&ively.

Thewardenof ||. And be it further cna&ed, That the' warden of hid Mt*

Ind m.Vo,all &*'• of„‘he «*• and narflud of tteKm't	U

of the King’s fat* thalt feverally, on the dehvermg m'of any fdch lift of pn-Bench prilon, foners in their refpe«Stive cuftody, take antnftiV ^ the open totake the fol- court of fach general quarter feflion of the peace, or at fomt oiTdeflvering adjournment thereof, to the effed following; (that ik\fo fijr:)

L their Ms.	*	L,	/u&*

Digitized by .Google

; nt

A. B. upon my corpotfljDtfb* ip the\prefenoe of Almighty Gody do folemnly fweary profefsy and declare, That all and every per-cma perfons y ivhofe name or name r is or are infer ted and contain-in the firft pari of the lift by me now delivered in and fubfcribed% s and were /f the left of my knowledge and belief upon (bf fiuenp-f bib day of Aprils me thoufand feven hundred andfevenlyfour, realty Hridy pr if onersjV,in aflual euftody yin the pdf on or gaol of (jryfcrt sjnanae of ti\c prifon), at thejuit \or fuits of the feverql perfin perjaos therein refpe[lively mentionedand aljo, that all an£ every foil land ferfinty whole name or names if or are inferted or contain-theJecond part of the faid lij7, npw by me delivered in andfub-1 bed as aforefaif have* fince the faid twenty-eighth day of April, . e, tboufand feven hundred and feventy-foury been committed or fur-ndered to the faidgaol or prifon of jinfert the name of the gaol j pri Ion), at the fuit or fuits of the feveral perfon or perfons there-refpeftively mentioned j except fuck perfon or perfons who is or are (tub lift particularly mentioned and deferibed to have diedy been (charged, or removed to fome other prifouy by procefs of IdWy fince >e faid twenty eirbtkdayof April, one thoufandfeven hundred and fe-rrity-faur; andalfo except fuch perfon or perfons who is or are in fuch lift irticularjy mentioned and deferibed to have been permitted to have gone it 0/ the faid prifimy by day rules of the court of (common pleas, or ing*s bench, as the cafe (hall bc)y fince the faid twenty-eighth day of iptiU one thoufand (even hundred and ftventy-foury to tranfaft their fairs i and alfo except fuch perfon or perfons who is or are therein Ifo particularly mentioned and deferibed to havey upon the faid twen-Y eighth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and fevenly four ^ r finely teen in the rules of the faid prifon (of the fleet, or king’s >ench, as the cafe (hall be), by leave of the (warden, or marfhal >f the faid prifon,. as the cafe (hall be) ; and havey to the befl of ny knowledge and belief really and truhy ever fince y continued and emained in otlual euftody in the faid prifony (of the fleet or king’s, >encht, as the cafe jjhall be), or the liberties thereof at the fuit or hits of the feveral perfons in the faid lift refpefiively mentioned; and if any prifoner of prifoners hath or have, fince the faid wenty-eightb day of Aprils one thoufand feven hundred and evepty-iour, cfcaped out of either of the faid prifons, then inert), except (infert the name or names of the prifoner or pri-oners who bavc.efcaped), whoy without. my knowledgey privity, ir confenty hath or have efoaped out of the faid prifon of

and that the faid lift is a true, exaffy perfefi and juft lift ft alfueh perfons who were really and truly prifoners in a3ual euftody \n the faid gaol or prifon of	on	ihe	faid	twenty-eighth

day ftApril, one thoufandfeven huniredandfeventyfouryand wboftkee the find twenty-eighth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and (evemyrfoury have been committed toy and realty have been* and now is or are% prifoner or prifoner sr in aflual euftody, in the faid gaol or prifon * of i ‘	or	the	liberties there of j andl that none of

fuck prifonersy tejny knowledgey or with my privityx have VwntATt^ fa or with defignj or in expectation to take any benefit from or under £*) alt of parliament, to be made for relief of infolvent debtors, fur-

H h a	I	rendered

Digitized by VjOOQlC

Annq deckno quarto Georgii III. C. 77.- £1774.

rendered tbtmfthes, or been cmmicttd to the faiiprifm, tngpttbtjr names entered as pri/oners in the books of tbt fud prifon^ or fane tbo /aid twenty-eighth doy of April, one tbosfand/even hundred miJt-venty four, to my	knowledge,• or with my have rtfiJedroat

of the faid frifon of	or	tbt ruin tberfa,

(but if any have fo done, add, except . -	naming

fuch by name)	v	i-

Other gaoler*, And that every other gaoler and keeper of any other prifon or onddirenng prifon*, in any county, city, town, riding, divifion, place,.or to take'the* j‘*)erty, ft13'! feverally, on the delivering of any fuch lift ref-folloWingoath. pedtively, take an oath, in the open court of the general quarter (effions of the county, city, town, divifion, liberty, or place,

’ for which be or (he (hall deliver in any fuch lift, amd fwatcto the effedt following; (that is to fay):	0	c’>

•	■	r	**

I A. B. upon my corporal oath, in the prefehtt bf^Abligkty do folemnly /wear, profefs, and declare, Thdtall dHidVnfpnfm and perfons, whofe name cr names are infer ted or contained inf fkrjfrj! part of the lift by me now delivered in and fuhfcribci, Was to the befl of my knowledge and beliefs upon the twenty-rightA Ay* of April, one thoufand feven hundred andfeventy-fouri really land ftltiy prifoners in aftual cufoody, in the prifon or gem of 1	*	v	-	—

at the fuit or fuits of the fetf&edperfoki therein refpefiively mentioned, and aljo that all and every1 fterfoti add ptrfsm, whofe name or names is or are inferted of contained ih the fecond part of the faid lift now by me delivered in> dnJfubftribett; rt afirVfhtid, havey fihee the faid twenty-eighth day of April, oik thdif&Hi feven hundred andfeventy-four, been committed or fir rendered totbe'feid gaol or prifon of	(	if ^hy Aidtfprrtbftcl-

or prifoners hath or have, fince the faid twettfy-<Sgt*li day eff April, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-rotrf, beeft feafci* mitred or furrendered to fuch gaol or prifon), at the (hit wfolto of the feveral perfon or perfons therein refpeflively mentioned^

(if any exception is necelTary) fuch perfons as are theitin patties Icrly mentioned and deferibed to nave died\ been difeharged) br^r!-moved to fome other prifon by procefs of law, or to beetle efutpei mt of fuch prifon> without my privity, knowledge, or t(Mfent% fitni^lhe faid twenty-eighth day of April, one thoufand feven biimbeS^iM feventy-four; and that all and every of them, whofe name Heed n&tes is and are contained in the firjl part of the faid lifly [extept 'at bef&r excepted)^ to the beft of my knowledge and bitteft hayt reMffp Qbxd truly continued in aflual cujiody in the faid gaol orptifon{of *'

ever ftnee the faid twenty-eighth day of April* Oar thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four $ and that tPefaid~iiJPis* trice yexafl) per fed) and juft liJI of all fuch perfons ds were truly prifoners tn aflual cujiody in the Jaid gaol or prifon 0jf - ■ ' T

on the faid tivcnty-eighth day	Htti	then*

fand feven hundred and feventy-four, and tvbo^fmct the faid twrn-,	ty-eighth dayof April, one thoufand [even hundrefdnd fedtuty-fotfr)

have been really and truly committed\ or furrendered to the faid gaol%

I	or

1774'] Anno decimo quarto Georgit III. c. 77.	455

or prifa/n of V -	(except	as	before	excepted),	to	the

bejl vf knowledge 1 and belief; andtbat to

tup knowledge, artattb my privity, have, voluntarily,	.defigo,

or m.-etxpcdiaiion, to. take any benefit, from or under any aft (f parr

liament to	be made for.relief of infohnntdebtors, fur render (ft

committed to the, find prifon of	*	or got his,

her, or their name or names jntered as	p or prifeners, in ..the

books of the faid prifon, or, fince their committment, have, to my

knowledge, or with my privity, refided out of the [aid prifon of

[if any have fo do8«» than add, except	.inferring their names].

Which laid refpe<ftive oaths the faid juftices, at the firft or fe- The oath to cond general quarter fetlion aforefaid, or at feme adjournment b* adminifte*. thereof, within their refpe<ftive jurifdicftions, are hereby empower- ^eim muIt ed and required to adminifter in open court; and the words of	'

the faid oath herein-before directed to be taken by the faid warden apd paarlhal refpedively, (hall be entered or written at the cad- or bottom of the lift which (hall be delivered in by them refpe&ively, and (hall be fubferibed and fworn to by them re-fpeftiycly,, in open court; and the words of the oath, to be taken by every other gaoler or keeper refpe&ively, (hall be en- and entered tered. or written at the end or bottom of the lift which (hall and fubferibed be delivered by them refperSively, and (hall be fubferibed and ** eicMift01™ fworn to by them refpe&ively, in open court: and every fuch , 1 ‘ lift which (hall he fo delivered in, fubferibed, and fworn to, in tJ£ dert purfuance of this a<ft, (hall be kept by the clerk of the peace, 0f the peace, town clerk, or other officer a&ing as clerk of the peace of every fuch county, riding, divifion, city, town, place, or liberty re-fpedively, in which any fuch lift as aforelaid (hall be fworn to, for the better fatisfadion of the faid juftices, and information of all or any prifoner or prifoners therein named; and fo as the fame may, from time to time, be feen and examined by any creditor or creditors of prifoner or prifoners, without fee or reward.

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Copies of the That all and every gaoler and gaolers, and keeper of any gaol or lifts to be de-prifQO, is and are hereby required, ten days at leaft before the

firft or fecond general quarter feffions of the peace (hall be held, theprifons,m after -the paffing of this a (ft, for the county, riding, divifion, and on the city, town, place, or liberty, in which any gaol or prifon (hall gates thereof. _ be, or to which the fame belong, to fix' up, in Tome confpi-cuous place or places in every fuch prifon, and at the mod frequented and ulual gate, door, or entrance, into every fuch prifon, three or-more.true copies of the lift or lifts propofed or intended to be delivered in by any fuch gaoler or keeper at the laid,general or quarter felfions, or at fome adjournment thereof.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That all and every perfon Perfons 5n-and perfons, whofe name or names (hall be inferted in any 1f5f,eA,n ,he-fuch fift to be delivered in as aforefaid, who, upon thefaid twen- foaVs.'sntK'" ty-eighth day of April,one thoufand feven hundred and feven- oat, frjkUdu-

H h 3	ty-four,

Digitized by

Google

456	Anno decicno quarto GroROJI IJI. «C. 77.	[1-774.

lent intention, ty-four, wore really and truJy prifooemn the a<5N*l?,«oftadjr 0* cn April *8, any gaolvor faoler*,.or keeper-of any jyifoa refetAivitty of efcn *774*	kingdom, anc| did not come intotor get hit, hdrepr-f heir name*

A ;	entcrecLin the botok of *any gaol or prifon li t pitfonec orbpri-

<bner»'there, • witbt a view or dcfiga to ^ake.fhc benefit-of feme contorting to a& foT relief .of irtfelvent debtors^ tad.who fhaH tafccthecath tixrtgu ations berein-after ntcotionedi and fraU: perform* oohisor, t*er >pavt, ^aV/bi dif- whst is required lotedonebf hifll Qr hfr.by	fhaJlfcffor

ciurged. • *' ever releafed and difchargtd from hia.Qt herithpufomxxtou ia fuch magner at hereafter it provided. » ’	:	I	c/m	..I	/

Fnfbners in V. Provided always, and be/uenaded by the authority afo**-cu^dy tt the faid* That any pritoner or prifaners who^lhaH be iaja&ml tin^eot paffing cuftodyat the time of palling this atft, and was nr were, on or were arVTfted before the faid twenty-eighth day of Aprils one thoufend fnrea fqr debt on or hundred and feventy-four, arrefted, and in afiual cuflody of as be to re April officer, for any fum or fufns of money, by virtue of any .writ or as. 1774* a^d procefs iffuing out of any court of record, and held to bad there-

held to bail, and furrender-

_ on, and did, on or before the fixteenth day of omt tboufood cd on or before feven hundred and feventy-four, furrender him,lLher, or thtn-May 16,1774* fclves, or was or were furrendered in difchtrge of hj$, fieri or on conforming thcir bail, and thereupon committed to jwifon, tad hip Pr have ~	continued therein, until the paffing of this aft, bjj virtue of fiieh

commitment; every fuch prifoncr or priferiers (hsjl* upon, due

to the regulation* of this (hall be dilcharged.

WUUiUUilliCiii, wvijr iuwii j/inwnsi VI ^wviivip	muuv

proof of the premifes upon oath, be discharged from juch debt or demand, in like manner as if fuch prifower or tprifoncra J&d been actually in prifon upon the faid twenty-eighthdayofApni, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four, and 'continued therein as afprefaid; fubjetft neverthelefs 10 theXatm reftri&iom and provifions, and a compliance with the like terms, conditions, and qualifications, herein-before impofed upon prtoners actually in cuftody upon the faid twenty-eighth-day of April♦ otic tboo-fcndfeven hundred and feventy-four; and alfo fufcyept eetbe fame terms and provifions relating to the eftate and effefiaof every fuch prifqner as aforefaid.	^	v	*

Juftices, upon VI. And be it further ena£ed, That it (hall be lawful fop'any tb« petition of yuftice or juftices of the peace of any cPumyw riding, dtvifion, anti Phis delV- cliY* t0WD* place, or liberty, within thb kiogdftctvupon tbrpe-vering a fcbe- tition of any fuch prifoner pr prifonerfi to any juftiocor jafijccs dale of his of the peace, within his or their refpefiive}urifeKdliom^:igXHi eftate,	every	fuch prifoner or prifoners fo petitioning,>andw* at the*imc

'	of	his	pr her fo petitioning, leaving with the jufticc oxr joftta&idf

the peace who (hall be fo petitioned a true copy of the feheduk, containing his or her intended difeovery of fits? either ceahribd perfonal eftate, to be fworn to at the firft or fecond;gm<^a^tfar-ter fe/fipo, next enfuing after every fuch petitiorK or fbtTW td-jpurnmept thereof, by warrant under his hand, and feaj* Qi&heir hands ^nd foals, to require the foeriff pr (herHfs, gaoler pr gaol-

’ton, within the j>ujitok&i?o pt joy

ve to T(fi»e

thrir warrant for bringing

_ ers, or keeper of any fuch prifon................   _	r. .

!h-Pr arwV W ^ueli	**	^'ces’ to*3^n® befor# th»e.	iat	i<hofirilor

feffion»f&L ftcand««Hgeneral quarterfeffionof	or

mfinfi thereof to be tield, as Uie eafe Qiallsbi»ppeaw> be, Dwt

■	1	1' -	]	■'. ■.	"	after

Digitized by Google

* 774*3 Anno d&iriio quarto GboRgii HI. c.77.	4

a fterthe expiration of ten day* fromtlie date of fuch -warrant for fttch vefycdlrv* county, -riding* divifion,- city, town* place, or <ftbci*y, the body ctf ahy perfon being in the laid prifon at afore* fairf,* with the warrant on warrants of bis or her detainer* toge-w,th A** w,r' «hor with a copy Or copies of the- caufc or caufcs which he,, the, on they, is oh are charged with in any fuch gaol or prifon as th* writ, «c. aforeiavd, at the time aforeiiiidi which wanamof every fuch Gaoler, See. juftice «r juftices evefy fuch fhcriff and (heriffs, gaoler, or keeper, to obey’fuch. •is and im hereby commanded to obey. -	<	.	warrant.,

VII.	And be it alfo enadted, That the copy of every fchedule Schedule of which fhall be ieft with any fuch jufticeorjunices, (hail, within the prifonec* ten days after the fame (Kail be fo left,- be transmitted by the «ft«e »be. * juftice or juftices, with whom the fame fhall be fo ieft, to the J^eclerkotf° clerk of the peace, town cierk, or other officer, a<fting as clerk the peace,

of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, town, place, or: liberty* in which the fame (hall have been fc> left, there to remain and be infpedted, from time to time, as occafion (hall for infpedHon require, by any-creditor of any fuch prifoner who (hall defire to of the credi-infpedbthe fame.	tor*"

VIII.	And be it alfo enadted, That every fuch juftice-or juftices juftices refuf-who (hall refufe or omit, for the fpace of fix days, to tranfmit (ng or omit-tbe copy of the fchedule, fo left with him as atorefaid, to the for f«n clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer adting as clerk of

the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, town, place, or t|,e fchedule liberty, in which the fame (hall have been fo left, (hall, for every to the clerk of fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds; which (hall the peace, (hall and may be fued for and recovered in any of his Majefty’s courts forteit ,0‘* of fecord at Wejintinfier, by adtion of debt, together with cofts of (bit, in the name of any perfon who (hall profecute for the fame; and one moiety of which money forfeited (hall, when recovered, go to the party who profecutes for the fame, and the other moiety thereof to the poor of the parifh in which the of* • fcnce fhall -be committed.

IX.	And be it further enadted, That all and every prifoner Prifoners in* and prisoners, who (hall intend to petition to be difeharged under tending to pe, this adt, as aforefaid,-(hall firft caufc public notice to be inferted ™the'r in. three feveral London Gazettes, previous to fuch general quarter

fcflJon, and the adjournment thereof, at which the faid prifoner om notice or prifoners (hall apply to be difeharged from any gaol in Louden, thereof thrice orowitirin the weekly bills of mortality; and if fuch prifoner in the G*.

(hall be in cuftody in any gaol out of Londonor the weekly bills Mlte* “c‘ of-mortality, then alfo in fome newfpaper, which (hall be pub* lifted in or near the County, riding, divifion, city, town, liberty, orffcee* in the gaol whereof he or (he (hall be fo in cuftody.;

Containing the name* trade, and occupation, and two laft places Contents of of abode, if fo many, of every fuch prifoner and prifoners, and the justice.. . the prifon wherein he, (he, or they, is or are confined, and of his, her, Or their intention to take the benefit of this adt; and ' ' 1 tndVnionitig fuch notice in each Gazette or newfpaper, to be the .	.	.	.

firityfocond* or third notice, according to the time ofpubhfhing mch ofifu^h'notices; and for the inferting each of which (aid *d. each time

H h 4	feveral	*nd	00 mwe*



Digitized by Google

458	Anno dfctiroa qunft Oi&JtQitlU; C>rrf\	X*774-

to be paid forfirvcral notice* in the find Gu’xttdi orm ain,iotfccr>ae<Mfi|ptr, infettmg no- th*(t ftulLbepaid, each time,by every fucftq>»ift>ntr, two-peace, and no more: the firfi of which‘(aid RotkcrihaU <be foUaftncd Firft notice tointhc>fcaid Gaztttf, ot, in thefajd 'other newfpapers, as the cafe dt;Sthi° may require

laft io days <X£n qays:at Jeaft, before tiny ^UQh^rtt orvfc(^id^gdKrai qoantr before the feffion* knA\adjoiimment*thereof,(hallbe held as aforefaid; fo auarter fef- t that as well all the crcditorrwbo have-notcharged the faid pri-uons, Sec. (oner ornrifoners in cuftody as thofc ciedrtotswho faaVe chaijd fuch pritorier or, prifoners >rtexecution, or-oa aicfhe proCdc, dr otherwife, mSyhave fuffirient hotice^thereof.

Prifonfr being X. And be it further eroded, That every fach pnfaeer as courthdoet0 aforcfaW*'wl»o, in purfaance of any fuefe warrant' as aforefaid, publication of be brought to the general quartcrfcffioo, or any a^duis-the notices re. ment .thereof, (hall, in cafe it (halhbeprov^^upon^oathy 'or by quned being producing the faid three Gazette? and new(]ppersi>hfbre\nleD-proved. See. tioned to the laid juftices, at any fucbfeflionyDt* the idjoumtnortt thereof, that fuch notices were inferteA in thc £»mfoi Ga&tu, and other newfpapcrs, were required, in msntter as:feereih*b*>

. fore is directed, and that the perfon or pcrfbnsfo petitvorurtg was or were actually a prifoner or pcifonerson thefatd rwehay-ergbdi day of Aprils one thoufand feved' hundred anAfeveAty-four, 'dr fince, in the gaol or prifon in which his, horror their name or names is or are fpecified in the lift of prifoners there, delivered in at any fuch firft or fecond feflion, or any adjournment thereof, as aforefaid, in purfoance of this ad, (hall, in opentttrort, ar the is to deliver in faid general quarter fcffion, or any adjournment thereof* fob-afchcdulc of fcribe and deliver in a true fchedule or account of atlhis orher liebu and	rca* cftatc» either in poffeffion, reverfion, remainder, w exped-

creditors*	ancy; and alfo of the whole of his or her perfonsi*eftate, which

^ he or (he, or any perfon or perfons in trudfor him or her, or for his or her ufe, benefit, or advantage, is or are leifediofv in-terefted in, or intitled to, or was or were in his of her pofleffion, at any time fince his or her commitment to prifon, whh>tbt names of his or her feveral debtors, and where they refpcdivdy live, or may be met with; and the feveral fums of money from them refpedively owing, and how the fame refpedively became due, and are fecured j and if by mortgage, fpecialty, contrad, note, or other writing, then the name and names, and places df abode of the feveral witnefTes who can prove fuch debts or oon* trads, (if there be any fuch,) and (hall aMb make oath vndfwear to theeffed following; (that is to fay,)	s'	:

1 • ^ \r • ■ i .

Printer's T A. B. upon my corporal oatby in the prefince of Almighty & oath on deli- X folemnly J\wear, protejl, and dcchre, That an the twenty*ifigbth'4q cf April* one thoufand Jevin hundred and feventy four^l urusrrpr>

* lt 1 u c# jWr, or rife, [as the cafe may be,] tkatfwceihe faid twbityrtigkrh day of April, one thoufand /even hundred and fevmtj^fmny. / bau furrenderedi Or have been committed to the prifonnf ■1 ;-v.	'/

4 in difeharge of my baiU or for want 'of baif [as the cafe Avail be;] and that I was attualk arrejled, ana in cufiodyof-an njfurr^ btfire

the

Digitized by v^ooQle

1774-1 A^no decin»ocfuano GeoegiiIH: c. 77.	459

dbrpr ^bprii^

/twenty-'four, sn(tbe<paien orjwt,afliom or*fuit$+in Which 1fir-rendered, crvMs committed as aforsfaid, to thdfaid gaoler prifon of

t f -.jfc jffnd that!have,, ever fence myfeudfiusendtr or '	r

tomm$mtnk,sontinurd ap/nfinur wkbin tbe prifon ^ in i the aSetahyuflody of the gaoler op keeper of the faid prifon of

■ v»‘> ^ :	or within the liberties thereof at the fait of	--

&	'	H.	and	without	any	fraud	or	coUufeon	whatfower; and

that tbe fcbetiult now* delivered by me, and fubfcribed, doth contain, ^ to tbrbtfi ofmykuaualedge, remembrance, and belief a fully juft, true,	^

and perfect account and difeavery of aH the goods, effeflsy anieftates, real mdxptrfinal, either in poffeffmn, reverfion, remainder, or expefl-oncfy which I, or any pkrfin in trufi for me, or for my benefit or ad-ventagey am feifed or pojfeffid of interefted in, or intitled to, or was at were in my pcffejfion at any time, fence my com/nitment to prifon ; end,of alldcbtsas are tome owing, or to anyperfon or perfons in trufi for mei and of all the featrities and controls whereby any money now is, or wild er may hereafter become payable, or any benefit or advantage maycueme ta me* or to my ufi, or to any perfon or perfons in trufi for mtoand the names and places if abode of the feveral perfons from whom fudr debts are due and owing', and of the witneffis that can prove fetch debts or controls, {if any fuch there be;] anchtbat nei-their I, nor any other perfon or perfons in trufi for my ufe, have any laudt,\mney\ flock, or anyeJUtte, real or per final, in pojfijfm, rever-fion, or remainder, or expectancy, other than what are in the faid fihedule contained, except wearing apparel, and bedding for myfelf and family, working tods, and necefjary implements for my occupation and calling, together with a fum of money not exceeding forty Jbillings, and thefi in the whole not exceeding the value of twenty pounds; and that 1 have not, nor any body for me bath, directly or indirectly, fold, kfjtned, or otberwife conveyed, difpofed of in trufi, or concealed, all or any part of my lands, money, goods, chattels, flock, debt{,fecurities, cmtraCts, or efiate, real or perfonal, whereby to fiewre the fame, or to receive or expelt any profit or advantage thereof, or with intent to defraud or deceivr any creditor or creditors, to whom lam or was in-dobted in any-wife bowfiever.

So help me GOD.

And thp faid fchedule and oath (hall be, by every fuch prifoner Schedule and fubfcribed in the pretence of the juftices in open feffion of the ^fc^ed • peace, as hereby is directed, and (hall be kept by, and remain t“c c"urt> ^4 with, the cferk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer afting lodged with as clefk of the peace, fdr the county, city, liberty, divifion, town, the clerk for or pi&e, where the fame (hall be fubfcribed and taken, for the t!ie ex»*»,na-better information of all the creditors of fuch prifoner who (hall creditors* define, or may have occafion, to refort thereto; and every fuch creditor (hall be at liberty, at feafonable times in the day-time, to perufe and examine the fame.	r

XI.	And be it farther enatfted, That the juftices within their qu£ed* by the refyedUve jurifdidtions, at any fuch general quarter feffion, or creditor, may adjournment thereof, ac the requtft of any creditor or creditors adminiiter an

of oath to the

Digitized by Google

4^9

gaoler, or any other perfon, touching any of the matters prescribed to be loom to.

The prisoner’* oath not being difapprinred, the court is to discharge him.

upon paying a fee of i s. to . the gaoler.

Gaoler indemnified for the cfcape.

Efiate and ef-feds of tbt priioner, upon his difeharge to veft in the clerk of the pwe,

who is to make over the fame to jthe aflignees named by the court)

Anno dechno quarto Gbqrgti III. 7.t*774* of any fuph prifoner, are bercbv amhorifed to enfo the-' dvpmy warden and marihalof the Fiat and King's Rauf) prifoo. -and any other under officer, tipftaff, and turnkey, of any’gaol or prifon, and any other perfon, to come before them, aid to ex-mine them pefpedtively on oath, touching any ofthe mantra contained in any of the oaths preferibed by this x&te be takes, juid the truth thereof; and if the oath which (hall have been taken in open court by any prifoner or prifoners flult not be difappeov-ed by good teftimony of any credible perfon or perform on oath, and fuch juftices, or the major pan of them, pmfastwt aayfot general quarter feflion, (hall be (atiafied with the trofo of da oath taken by any fuch refoe drive prifoner, theft: focb jaAka (hall, in fuch feflion, or fome adjournment thereof, command the faid flier iff or fheriffs, gaoler or gaolers, or kfceper of foch prifon or prifons, forthwith to fet at liberty foch prifoner or pri-foners, without having or taking any foe or reward, other tba one (hilling for his or their attendance with every foeb priftmw at fuch general quarter feflion, or any adjournment thereof, ia order for his, her, or their difeharge; (and which every fuck fheriff or (heriffs, gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers, of facb prifon or prifons, it and are hereby authorifed to receive and take for every fuch order:) and every fuch order (hall be * fafficient difeharge to the (heriff or (heriflfs, gaoler or gaolers, or keeper of fuch prifon or prifons, and (hall indemnify him or them -againft any efcape or efcapes, or a diion or adions whatfeeverfor fcfcape, which (hall or may be brought, commenced, orprofecated agamft him or them.	'

XII. And be it further enadled by thesnthsrityafomfafid, That all the eftate, right, title, interell, and truft, of inch prifoner, ef, in, and unto, all the real eftate, as well freehold and copy as cuftomarv-hold, and to all the perfona! eftate, debts, and effedts, ofqvery fuch prifoner, (hall, immediately after the difeharge of any1 fuch prifoner, be, and the fame is hereby veiled in the derk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer, idling as clerk of the peace, of and for the county, riding, city, town corporate, di, vifion, liberty, or place, where any foch prifoner (hall be re-fpedlively difcharged; and every fuch clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer adling as clerk of the peace, is hereby doodled and. required to make an aflignment and conveyance of evwy fuch prifoner’s eftate and effedls, veiled in fuch clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer adling as clerk of the peace, as aforefaid, to fuch creditor or creditors of the faid prifoner, at the juftices at any general quarter feflion of the peace, or-at any adjournment thereof, which (hall be held by them witbintfaeit refpedlive jurifdidtions, (hall order and diredl, (which affigranent and conveyance (hall be good and effedhul in law to all inttrits and purpofes whatfoever, without being wrote oh pacchmeift or paper (lamped;) and to veft the eftates thereby affigoedand conveyed in the party or parties to whom the: fame (hall be fo afligned and conveyed, his, her, and. their heirsy executors,, ad-tniniftrators, and ailigns, according to the^ftafoand iotereft th»

Digitized by

Google

*774-1 Apm> dcpimo quarto GeokgiiHI. e.77.

prifoner had therein v and for the preparing, Irtgrofting, and for wlbtch be executing of whteh affignmenr and conveyance, nb clerk df thfc '* to b* prid peace, town clerk another officer afting as clerk of the peace,

(hali;take any greater fee chan tw<> Chitlings; and every fuel* m? Cf> i ■alignment and conveyance (hall hein truft for the benefit of the 1 preifooror creditors of every. fuch pVifoner to whom the fame (hall be made, and the reft of the creditors of fuch'prifoner, in refpeA or j(i proportion to their refpe&iVe debts; and every Afligneesinir perfon pr-pcEfons to; whom any fuch aflignment and con- P°wci*d to Vcyance as aforeftifirfhall be made, is and are hereby fully im- fue# ; , powered lo fue, from time to tmfie, as there may be occafion, in hi$()iher, or their own name or names, for the recovery and attaining any eftatef or effects of any fuch prifoner, and alfotoexe- and execute cute any truft orpower vefted in, or created for, the Ufe or bene- any tru.ft fiU of any fuch prifoner, but in truft for the benefit of him or pri7one"» be, thcmfcJv©s,>and the reft of the creditors of every fuch prifoner; half; andtogive difeharge and difcharges to any debtor or debtors of and give dif-anyifueb prifoner,' as (hall be requlfitc: and every fuch aflignee or charge* i aflignees (hall, /with all convenient fpeed, after his or their ac- They are alfo cepting any fuch aflignment or conveyance, ufe his ^nd their beft to get in with -endeavours to receive and get in the eftate and effefts of every a{* lpee^JJ fuch prifoner; artd (hall, with all convenient fpeed, make fale fea,eJf the * of .all the eftatss of fuch prifoner vefted in fuch aflignee or af- pnfoner, fignees ; and if.any fjoch prifoner (hall be interefted in, or inti- and make fale, tied to, any real eftate, either in pofleflion, reverfion, or expedt- wilhm itwo ancy, the bine, within the fpace of two months after every fuch	^

aflignment and conveyance, (hall be fold by public aftion, in eftate,in man-foClT manner, and at fuch place as the major part of the creditors ner agreed of any fiacji prifoner who (hall aflemble together on any notice uP°n.at a in writing piiblifhcd in the London Gazette* or in fome aaily pa- 23?^*0fam-p*r, if the prifonier before his going to gaol refided in London, or mooed for that in the weekly bills of mortality, and if elfewhere, then in fome parpofe; newfpaper which (hall be publHhed in or near the county, rid- , jrtg, divifion, city, town, liberty, or place, in which foch prifoner dwelt before he or (he was committed to gaol, thirty days before any fuch fale (hall be made, (hall, under his hand, or their hands, agree on: and every fuch aflignee or aflignees, at the end of and make a three months at fartheft from the time of his or their accepting dividend with-any fuch aflignment or conveyance as aforefaid, (hall make a juft ^onth* and fair dividend of all fuch prifoner’s eftates and effefts, which *

(hall have been then amongft his or her creditors, in proportion and in regard to each creditor’s refpeftive debts ; but before any fuch dividend (hall be made, fuch aflignee or aflignees (hall firft making make up* an account of foch prifoner’s eftate, and make oath in UP thcir a*-writing, before one or more juftice or jiiftices of the peace of the verifymeAc county, riding, divifion, town, liberry, or place, in which any fame upon fuch prifoncr (ball have been difeharged, that every fdch account oath, contains a juft and fair account of the eftate and effofts of every foefr prifoner got in by or for foch aflignee or aflignees, and of all payments rqade in refped thereof, and tpat all payments in (Very fuch iscount charged were truly and bona fide made and

V

Digitized by

Google

462	Anno derimo quarto Georgii III. c. 77.	[1774

30 days notice paid ; and notice of the making of every fuch dividend (hall be to be given of publifhed in like manner as a meeting of Creditors is hcmn-be* dlv^d”8d*°y ^orc ^rc^ec*to he publHhed, thirty da« at lead before the fame and none*to	he made; and no creditor (hall be ailovrod to xoceavc any

receive any (hare of fuch dividend, until he (hall have made out thc judneu (haro thereof and identity of his refpe£hve debt by oath* or dtgt proof in writ-but fuch as . ing, before fome fuch juftice’or juftices: and if any creditor of itch wirSXts. prifoner (hall be diffatisfied with the reality or faimefa of any debt Debts entered claimed by kny bther creditor, then the (ame, at the tequeftof any to be examin- fuch creditor or creditor* fo diffatisfied, (hall be examined into by ed intoaad	the juftices of the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty* or place,

th^court? ** *n which fuch prifoner (hall have been di&ha^ed, at their next Surplus of the general quarter feflion, and what they (hall there determine kuhe prisoner's premifes (hall be concluftve to all parties: and if, after payment ciUte, after Df an fach prifoner’s creditors, there (hall any of his eftaeeaad daims there-	**main after payment of all reafonable charges, the (ame

on, to go to (hail be paid to fuch prifoner, his executors or adminiftratori. the priioner. XIII. Provided further, and be it alfo enadted, "That no frit No fait in ,n e<luity ^hal' he commenced by any affignee or afSgnecsof any equity to be fuch prifoner’s eftate and effects, without the oonfeot of the commenced, major part in value of the creditors of fuch prjfonec* wrboihaD but by cqnfent meet together purfuant to a notice to be given in the LowdomOt-

ifltiSz"" for PUrP°fe-

creditors. XIV. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefiud. Clerk of the That the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer a&ug peace to exhi- as clerk of the peace of every rcfpe&ive county, city* and county bit to the crc- town, and county riding, divifton, cinque port, liberty* and d»tor,or hl1 pldce, with whom any fchedules of the eftatea of any infolvent mymen^o^t! debtor or debtors, fugitive or fugitives, (hail be left* and his the fcheduleof fucceffors, clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other.officer, ading the prifoner** as clerk of the peace as aforefaid, (hall, on the reafonable requeu elUte audefr 0f any creditor or creditors of fuCh infolvent debtor or debtors, feeu.	fugitive or fugitives, or his or their attorney, produce aod (hew

to fuch creditor or creditors; or his or their attorney, in the daytime, the fchedule of the eftates of any fuch infolvent debtor or debtors, fugitive or fugitives, which (hall be left with any fuch clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer a&ing as clerk of the peace, or his predeceffor in that office; the perfon fo requiring to fee and perufe any fuch fchedule paying or tendering to the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, in whofe cuftody any fuch fchedule /hall be, or his deputy, the fum of one (hilling for his trouble in fearchihg for, and looking out, fuch fchedule, and attending whilft the fame be perufed by the party or parties requiring to have rite Attefled copy fame looked out,and to perufe the fame: and that a true copy of tnereo^ to oe cvery (uch fchedule, figned by the clerk of the peace, town clerk, g,antc 1 or other officer adling as clerk of the peace,; in wbofecuffeody the fame (hall be, or his deputy, purporting the fame to be a true copy of fuch fchcdule,without being wrote on (lumped pa per, (and for which copy no more fhall be paid than lixpencc by the (lm*, each (heettp contain (Seventy two words, and fo in proportion for

.	.	a

Digitized by LjOC z

J774»] Amo dectmp quarto Geqroii III. C.77.	465

artefs number of words in any; (heel,) (hall, at all times, be ad- which (bail be miu£d, in all courts whatfoever, as legal evidence of the fame 2 evidence m all and if any cJerfcof the price, or his deputy, town clerk, or other f . officer aftingms Clerk oftthe peaccj ;(hall, on reafooable requeft pe*cc as aforefaid, negleftvor refufc to produce to any fnch creditor or to produce ct^torMSiaforebid, or his or their attorney, any fuch fchedule as (ueb fchedule, afetefcid, and toipermit the fame to be inipefted a? aforefaid, in or to deliver a thechy~time,onfoch payment or tender as aforefaid being made ©r uk^n^ex-to him ; or (hall afk dr take more than after the rate of fixpence orbitant feet by ibe fhcet, each (heet to contain feventy-two words, and fo in tor the fame, proportion for lefs than feventy-two word9 in a (beet; or (hall refufe to make anddeliver a copy of any fuch fchedule, on being requefted as aforefaid fo to make the fame, and having the money tendered to him for payment of fuch copy, after the rate afore-faid; flialJ, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of ten forfeits tol. pounds; which (hall and may be fued for and recovered in any and treble ©fL his MajdftyV courts of record at	by	aftion	ofcoft,»

debt, together with treble cofts of fuit, in the name of any perfon who A all profecute for the fame: and one moiety of which mo- °ne naoiety to ney forfeited (hall* when recovered, go to the party who profe- ^^theothc^ cutes for the lame, and the other moiety thereof to the poor of the^o/of the parilh in which the offence (hall be committed.	the panfo.

/j3CV. Provided always, and be it enafted, That before fuch Afligneesof tjmk>Q9 any affignee or aflignees as aforefaid (hall enter on, or copyhold and take any profit from, any copyhold or cuftomary eftate as afore- *£ltomary faid, be or they fhall agree and compound with the lord or lords Lun^ikb^c ofrhemanor or manors of whom the fame (hall be bolden, for lord of the thd payment of fuch fine or income as, upon any furrender and manor, adtrilfiion thereto, hath heretofore been moft ufually accuftomed to bepaid ; and that upon every fuch agreement or compofition, and to be ad-the^faSd lord or lords for the tirafe being, at the next court, or mitted tenants fotnd ftsbfequent epurt, which (hall be holden for the faid manor thereupon, opebanors, after fuch agreement made, (hall admit fuch affignee orarfiignees tenant to fuch copyhold or cuftomary premifes, according to the cuftom of the faid manor or manors of which the fame (halLbe holden, for and during fuel) eftate and intereft as the prifoner had therein at the time of his or her being difeharged as aforefaid, refervmg the rents, duties, hcriots, cuftoms, and forvioesy payable and to be rendered in refpeft of the faid copy-bold or cuftomary premifes.

dJEVL Provided alfo. That nothing herein contained (hall exr T^c pnfoner’s terafto prejudice or affect any eftate or intereft, or right what- [,ghi inj (bevefyof any other perfon or perfons, other than the faid prifoner or fugitive Which may be expeftant upon or fubjeft unto the eftate by this aft. or intereft Of the faid prifoner or fugitive hereby veiled in the faid deck of the peace, town clerk, or other officer afting as clerk of the peace ; but that the eftate, intereft, and right whatfoever, of every other perfon and perfons, (hall remain, continue, and be faved to gatuteT^kc^ them, in the fame manner as if this aft had not been made. ,rc t0 XViL Provided alfo, and be it enafted by the authority afore- place prefer-faid. That nothing in this aft (hall extend, or be conftrued to able to claims hinder or prevent, any mortgage or mortgages upon the eftate of

Digitized by Google fuch

Armo derimo quarto GeoROii Ilf: fut&i prifotier or prifoners, Of any part thereof* ;o take pjaceeyp-On the lands, tenement^, or hereditaments, com pn fed mortgage or mortgages refpedhvely; nor to preyenjc>py #a£ute-ftaple, ftatute-merchant, recognizance* or j^d^eafi* aclujpw* fcdged<by or obtained againft any fuch prifoney .6^ ^;iti)Der$^ to

Power in the pri Toner of leafing lands. See. to weft in the affignets.

take pliee upon the lands, tenements, or real^efW^pf fuerb*pri-loner or prifoners; and alfo where any inquifition (ball have been taken upon any fuch ftatute or recognizance, or any wri| ow execution (hall have been taken out and delivered to the (herifl| or proper officer, upon any fbch judgement, before fuchdvfcl (hall be given in open feflion to any fuch perfon as aforefaid, perfonal ertate of every fuch prifoner refpeftivejy ftiaJJ be Xubj^ tliereto, in the firft place, for fo much as Thall.ren^in due upon fuch mortgage, ftatute, recognizance, or judgment refpe&iydy, in like manner as fuch mortgagees and creditors, by ftatute-re-cognizance, or judgment, would have been preferred to other creditors of an inferior nature, againft the real or perfonal eiiate of (uch prifoner and prifoners refpedtively, if this adt had not been made; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithftanding.

XVIII. And whereas many perfons who may he intitlei te+enl claim the benefit of, this afi, are feifed and peffiffed of lands* tene-ments\ and hereditaments, to hold to fuch prifonen for the term of their

The a&ing gaoler at the time of delivering the lifts, only liable be (Worn.

Court, if required by a ci editor ^op«

natural lives, with power of granting leafes, and taking fines* referring fmall rents on fuch efiates, for one, two, or three fives* in pef-feffion or reverfion, or for fome number of years determinable fpa« lives, which Jaid powers ought to be executed for the benefit of tbfcreditors of fuch prifoners\ be it therefore enadled by the authority aforefaid. That in every fuch cafe, all and every the powers of leafing fuch lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which are (hall be vefted in any fuch prifoner or prifoners, as aforefaid, (hall be, and are hereby vefted in the aflignee or afiigqees of tfcre, real and perfonal eftate of fuch prifoner, by virtue of this a<5f,tp be by fuch aflignee or aftignees executed for the benefit of alt and every the creditors of fuch prifoners as aforefaid.	y

XIX.	And vjhereas, in fome gaols or prifons in this kingdom, office of gaoler or keeper is held in fee for life, or otherwife,' by perfons who never a£l as gaolers or keepers them (elves, or know any

the prifoners therein, but depute or employ fome perfon or perfensfn-der them a: gaolers or keepers offuch gaols or prifons; be it thera^t a enadled, Thar, in every fuch cafe, the perfon who (hail ftatfp. been adtually employed, and adled as deputed gaoler or keeper of any fuch gaol or prifon, at the time of delivering in tlfeli^, hereby diredted to be delivered in, of prifoners in any fuch gaol or prifon at any general quarter feflion of the peace, or fotne^d-. journment thereof, and not the principal gaoler or keeper lefs where fuch principal gaoler or keeper (hall idt as gaoler dr keeper himfelf,) (hall take the oath herein-before appointed to be taken by the gaoler or keeper of every fuch gaol or prifon.

XX.	And be it further enadled by the authority afore(jpd,^ttt the juftices; at any general quarter feflion of the peace, or ad-

joum-

Digitized by

Google

774-1 Awio,d«clmaqaarto GioRGli III. 'trffti	4§$

Lirhmcnt thereof, ,to which aqy, prifoner (hall be fought inpofiiigthepri-ivfaance of this a&, (hall, if required by any creditor pr creditors ^?ner*« dif-any fuch prifoner or prifoners, who (hall oppofe his or her ^dmSifter^ttbe fcharge, adniinifter, and give to the gaoler, or the perfon vWfo followingoatu *s as gaoler tit keeper of any fuch prifon, at the time of briiqpr tp the gaoler. % up any firch prifoner, in order to be difeharged under this 5y in oath ttffhe following cffedl} (that is to fay,)

* A. B. do /weary That	was	really	and	truly	Thc °*tk

V d prt/oftix in my cufiody, in the prifon of yfBk befl of my knowledge ayid belief at or upon the twenty-eighth* ry of April, one thoufand /even hundred and Jeventy-four; and that ie topy or copies of the caufe or caufes of his or her commitment or detin er, now by me brought with the body of the /aid	,

id produced to this courts is or arc a true copy or copies of the caufe^

- caufes of fuch detainer or commitment, without any fraud or deceit „ r me or any other perfon wbatfotver, to the beft of my knowledge and rlief.

So help me GO Dm

ind if any perfon who was gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler If fuch perfim

t keeper, of any fuch gaol or prifon on the faid twenty-eighth not have

ay of April* one thoufand feven hundred and ieveoty-fopr, or l*cn ^ 5?°^

nee, (hall not happen to be the gaoler or keeper, or deputed

aoler or keeper, of any fuch gaol or prifon, at the time any fuch then the fol-

ft as aforefaid is hereby required to be delivered in, ,then the lowing oath *

ilftices, at any fuch feffion, or at any adjournment thereof, may

nd are hereby required to admioifter, and give to the refpedtive JJ}^ to

teirfon or perfons who (hall be gaoler or keeper, or deputed

;aoier or keeper, of any fuch gaol or prifon, and deliver in any

lich lift as aforefaid, at any fuch general or quarter feffion, or

ny adjournment thereof, an oath, touching the commitments,

nr books of commitment of any fuch prifon, to the effect fol-

owing} (that is to fay,)

[A. B. do fwear, That I have examined the commitments or bools The o*tb. -kept of or concerning the commitment of prifoners to the prifon of in the [county, riding, divifion, city, town,

>lace, or liberty of	as	the	cafe	(hall	be	and

hat I do verily believe that the faid eommitmentSy or books of com-nitmenty are really true and not fictitious> nor calculated for this pur•

\ofe\ and by them it doth appear, that

was on the twenty-eighth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred wd fiventy-foury really and truly a prifoner in the actual cufiody of the then gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or Wef iTy of the faid prifon y without fraud or deceit by me* or any other }erfoh or per fobs to my knowledge and belief	!t ;	-

]	.	'	,	,	,	f.., ,

So help me GOD.

, t	t	f	j	,	i	i	;	»\	*	*	1

XXI. And, tn tr.atr to fiftovtr aty frauduUnt tntrtis tr cirmit*	' "

1	nunts

V

Digitized by Google

Anno decimoicptaMiJGnaondBrtCBfpA [i^

mmtvtf frifmer> in at>y gaol books* be it farther enacted by t : tbority«m*faid, That the juftices, at any genera; quarter

Court, if re-

crodt^r/mar ^ **** p©»cti or any adjournment thereof* are hereby j funmofi*the •C'tbc fOqucft of any creditor or creditors of any perfisn «W Convene before them* at fome certain time to be appointeda*by ®!K10^r tbem^ any perfon or perfons who was or were gaoler or

c^ePatc^ gaoler or keeper, of any gaol or pFifon widifea 17	refpe<^ive jiirildidtions, on the faid twenty-eighth day of J

one thoufawl feven hundred and feventy-four, or at any and examine fince* and to examine every fuch gaoler or keeper, or deputeJ thTc^m^ gaoler or keeper, on oath, touching the commitment andoomn* meat and coa-nuance in certody of any fuch prifoner, as the juftices, at snv tinuance in fuch general or quarter feflion, or adjournment thereof, lhaji cuftody of the think fit: and if any fhenff, mauler or keeper, or deputed'gMfar Sao4er idif-	OF	n eg! eft or refute t0 bring before fuch juftsoiBym*

obeying the anY feffion of the peace, or adjournment thcraf? «y warrant or or- a« (hall be directed and required by wmrrantiof.Miy^i der of the juftices as aforcfaid, or to attend on'being fiitomonad 1	_	_

court, See, for- pUrpofC; Qr if any gaoler or keeper attending &alircfufrvn Vike trcble°«>fti. anfwer and difeovery in the premifes, as (hill bcceaiiqmaWyrbn* quired at fuch general or quarter ieffion, or any<adjpCMi*mmt thereof, he, (he, or they, fo offending in the:px«mifca,' AtaHpfor every fuch offence, forfeit and pay tbiim af coeViinndgrd

pounds; to be recovered by, and in the i of, the party injured, by a&ion of debt, to be ibroyght i her name, in any of his Majcfty's courts of recon*at

ther with treble colls of fuk.	,	,v»^lx

XXII. And whereas a great feveral trades and manufalluresof this bngdonr, andjmnptpMr feamtn and mariners, finding themfrivet unable to/staff chewinhaf their rtfpeiiivt debts, and dreading the mefmts+f et gatb, to leave their mpleyments and native	and toot entered jthem

jelves in foreign ferviee: and whereas their	abroad	temft	be

tf great proudest to the trade of this	«rordmahext/inlt

induce and enablefucb perfons to return, be it ena&ed by the «a{hf-Sebtors who r‘ly aforefaid, That all and every debtor add dabtoov- wWau wne beyond or were a&ually beyond the Teas, in foreign pdrts, on>tHe,.-fcid the feu on twenty-eighth day of April, one thoufandfeven hundred and Ibrrenderi774’ feventy*f°ur> dnd did not go into fuch foreign parts<antb'S\uip* tbemfclvei)8 or intent to gain or have the benefit of an insolvent debtor?* aft, may take the who fhall return and furrender hitnfelf or themfetyM^aNdna benefit of this fourteen days next immediately after his or thcklgndiitg im£afc» *“»	Idnd, unto the gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepen* of thcfrritww

of the King’s Bench,Marfitalfea, or fleet,, or to ahk geokror keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of the pcybn<d* pnfeoa ef fuch county, city, town, riding, divifion liberty, «t place,, whet fuch debtor or debtors laft dwelt for the; fpficx'-of-faurtsada,

(which faid gaoler or gaolers, keeper or-keepera^ix pad-are beta* by requited and itrtpowefed to receive and detain foch •debtor, or debtors, fonendering as aforefaid, in order to their difcbargk. v hcreirv-xfter mentioned,) and who, frotp-aa&iamcdfofrty

Digitized by ^-ooQle

4$7

wh (hnewdar ,sto oanrtnnf in »ffcinl cuftody of foafa gaolermd nokn^dcaeRcr or-feaFpeivwaBi «he mm of bi& difebarge, (hall	-•**•

criafokapsafance onprifonm within, and be, to all interim ■<1 pwp efw, sntitkdtonfac bcoefit ot»tfaisafl * and (halt u^oa .	„.

•efn44 dse-Judt-preoiiiinv bjncfceoajthsf foch_debtor or IcbQao, .(nas riifjpaanad-4y apy diad>ble~mtneiit,) he difchargcd -• a-tbe 4mm aaaawerasif be, file, pc-tbey,, had heap o&oally in ri(&oatbehkktjm&>*afjbth.tivtnfrJpriii atreahau/and fevea * mndrad aod icipmy.-Spmr, and.continued -therein a* oforefaid j nbje&oieeeiSiMhrisI write hma	geAfiAioaaaod provifioos, and upon abe fame

1 maphaa with ihn rikctcrnu^condkiaas, ai\dr«»lificatk>ns, “s®* ** ot^*c icreio-before impafcd upon thei^-prifaner&a&uaUy in cuf.ody pn oa*”‘ ipon the faid twenty-eigluh day of	one	tboufend feven

tundred and feaeoty-foiir, and alfa fubjedl to the terms and Kovtfions xchtin| to the eftate and effc&s of fiich priloner, as ifordiud;. excepting only Inch .particulars thereof as require the excepting fitch same of ■»wifoner to be inferted in the gaoler’s or keeper’s lift, particulars, is aforefakL, os relate to the oaths of fuch gaoler or kepper here- cafe! of botlr itvWore appointed to be taken * which particulars cannot pof- <jigfer<

Bbly be applied- to the-cafe of perfons furrendering themfelves as aferehidj and allb.exeeptthe faid oath herein-before appointed to betaken hyprifoners in cuftodyupon the faid twenty-eighth ixfoiApril, one tbouland (even hundred and feventy-four; inftoad wfieraof the perfbn or perfoos (b furrendering (hall take an oath, in (Open court, at fame general or quarter fefiion of the peace, or fome adjournment thereof, of the county, city, town, -riding, divifion, place, or liberty,,in the prifon of which any fuch fugitive dr debtor, (hall beheld after the furrender-of any fuch higitiveor debtor, to the effedi following; which the faid-juftices, authorised to pat this a& in execution, are hereby required and iinpowered to adminifter, in fuch. manner as the oaths hereinbefore mentioned are to bc adaabuffered.-- <

* . - - • ( ‘ '

1A. B. upon my*, corporal oath, in the prefenct of Almighty God, Fugitive’* fiiemufy Junar, proteftl, and declare, That I was actually, on the oa“* tvonUfroigbth day of April, om thoufand faun hundred and fiventy-four* beyond the foas in foreign punts; videlicet, at	^

and that I did, within fourteen days next immediately after my land•

Surrender myfidfto the cufiody of the keeper of [as the cafe may be*] and that I have ever fmee fuch my furrender continued * prtfemrin bis tuftoiy; and that tit fcbedulo now delivered1 and by me fubfiribei, doth contain, to the bed of my knowledge, remembrance, and belief, a full, juft, true, andperfoR account and difeovery, of all the real eftate, goods, effefts, and other per final eftate, in oty+wfje belonging to me; and alfi of all fuch debts as are to tm outing* or to any perfiuor perfins in truft for me \ and of-all the fir neritus and contrails whereby any money now\ is, or will or may hcreT after become payable, or udurtby e&xubeufrem any benefit or advantage may accrue tome, or to my ufe, or fb any ether per fin or per fins in buf far mo$ and the names and places of abode of the fimyral perfint from whmti ftnhdobtnare due and owing \and of (kniyitne/fes that

Vot. XXX.	Ii	can

.	Digitized by Google	•

46®	Anno	declmo	quarto	GeorqhIH.	c.jf*	X*T74*

ten prove futh debts* or contra At? [if attyfetfi there bc;J and that

neither /, nor any perfons in truft fir beey n or ate fidftdrof eney rtei eftate in pojfeffim, reverfion, or remainder 9 or etpeftamy^ or ofeffy per final ejiate of any kind \vbatfoevery.other than what nrrih^fhofai feheiule contained; except my wearing apparel; and Mdiwg fir teejfif and family, my working tools, and netejfirry impbtsnenwfarffpy W*> potion and calling, together with a fnm of money eMtfitcdodfcgfirey /hillings 9 and not exceeding in the whole the mlaleof twenty pOkndS; and that I have not direCfh or indirectly, fHdy UJfentd; 'oretberkife conveyed, difpofed of in triejly or concealed, all or tmyport tf my reel eft ate y money, goods 9 ebattelsy jhekty debts, fikuritits;contracts; or perjonal ejiate whatfoevery whereby to ftcurt the fake; fa iff5 to reeftx or expect any profit or advantage therefrom to tnyfelf or famUy9 or 1tit# any view, intenty or defigny to defraud or deceive anp creditor** creditors, to whom I am indebted in any-wife bow/bAttr, arpftvent their recovering or attaining their refpeCtive debts.

So help me GOD.

Fugitives ar- XXIII. Provided alfo, and be it etiafted, That if any fttg^hre ■n^to furren* 'nten<^^llg to farrender to the terms of this ad, (hall, within the der, to bcTinti- *PaCC before mentioned of fourteen days, be arretted in bnyfait tied to the be- or adion, whofe caufe of adion accrued before the ftid tWrtfty-nefit hereof, eighth day of Aprily one thoufand feven hundred and feta*y-four, fuch fugitive giving notice (as before direded) to any mtticc of the peace at the next general quarter feflions, and in Ulf bther refpeds complying with tfie terms and conditions of thJs^dj toal be intitled to the benefit of the fame; and every fheriff, bgBiff, or officer, gaoler or keeper of a prifon,* in whofe euftotty fedi fugitive (hall be detained, (hall conform him or ttaetriw ve? to the diredions of this ad, in like manner as before mentioned.

XXIV.	And be it further enaded by the authority afhftefaid, Qaolcr, and That if any gaoler or keeper of any prifort, or his deputy de-printer of the pUties, (hall, without juft caufe, to be approved of by thojtlftfces at ^ome Eenera^	fefTton of the peace,"or adjodrrittwnt

paper, not thereof, within their refjpcdive jurrfdidiofts, refufe or tiAdydo complying bring any fuch prifbner or prifcners as aforefaid to any facb gt-with the regu- nera| quarter feflion, or fome adjournment thereof in Ortkno aa°forfeithlS hls or her difc*larSe> or (hall negled, refufc, or defignedfy Ofllft lool.To^he t0 infert, in any fuch lift, the name or names of any fuch-tm-pifWrs,with foner or priloners who was or were adually in cuftody m Ktot treble cofts of their refpe5tive gaol or prifon on the faid twenty^clghth'-tliyof ruit*	Aprily	one	thoufand	feven	hundred and fevemy-foor, orftide;

or fhal! negled or refute to make out, fix up, or deliver fach^As as aforefaid; or if ary fuch gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, fhall negled or refufe to take any 6f the faid Oiths before mentioned, and hereby required to be taken by himy or (hall, upon any account or pretence whatfoevtJT, tike of tacivfc more than the faid fum of one (hilling herein-hefore allowed for his or her attendance, in ofter to be difchargedof* fuch prifoner or prifoners as aforefaid; or (hall detain any fuelv prifoner after be or (he fhall be difcharged as aforefaid; or it the printtrxif the

Louden

Digitized by

Google.

Annodetimo quarto Georoii III. c. 77.	469

Ltmkn Qszt&tj o(\ other newfpaper, as-aforefaid, (hall wilfully refnfo or n'egie^tito infert therein the name, trade, occupation, and lail placeof abode, of fuch prifoncr, on reafonable requeft to him iDadc for that purpofe, and tender of the money hereby directed to be paid; or. (hall take, or receive any fee or gratuity otore than twopence, as aforefaid, for doing thereof ; every fuch gpoler .and keeper fuch prifon or prifons, bi$ deputy or depu-tie**and every foci* printer as aforefaid, (hall refpe&ively forfeit atTd pay to each prifoncr, in any fuch cafe injured, the fum of one hundred pounds; Which (hall and may be recovered, with treble cofts of fuife, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or infonni-tien*virvany of . the count of record at IVeftm 'tnfler^ wherein no eifpipi protection, or wager of law, or more than orfe imparlance,

(hall he allowed.

XXV* And beithirthcrenadledby thcauthority afGrefaid,That if any fuch gaoler or gaolers, or keeper or keepers, or any deputed ^ ® gaoler or keeper of any prifon, (hall, in taking of the afore-men- ^0ol. with fuH tioned oaths, forfwear or perjure himfelf, and (hall thereof be colt* of fuit, lawfully convicted,: fuch gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or &c* keepergof fuch prifon or prifons* (over and above fuch penalties as xnayrtw inflicted on perfons convi&cd of perjury,) (hall, upon every fuch conviction, forfeit and pay the fum of five hundred , pounds; *o be recovered, .with full cofts, by bill, plaint, or in* formation* or *&ion.6f debt, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at tVtftminfttry wherein no effoin, protection, or wager of law, (half hie allowed; by and in the name of fuch perfon or perfons, hir or tbesr executors and adminiflrator9, to whom any argument or conveyance, in purfuance of this aff, (hall be made 0ne m<?*etyt0 of th& eftate and effects of fuch prifoner or prifoners; and if	and*

nofoch xflignee or aflignees (hall be living, then, in the name the other tour names of any other creditor or creditors who (hall fue for the ward* fatisfyU faid penalties; to be applied, one moiety to the informer or in- inS thc d*J?fr formfer*, and thc other moiety towards iatisfaction of the debts t°‘r*he crcdl" of fogh his creditor or creditors.	*

XXVI.: And be it further eria&ed, That if any clerk of thc C,crk °^the peasegjor hit deputy, or town clerk, or other officer adfcing as clerk of the peace;/bail delay or refufe to give every or any fuch copy of his dif-prifoner, fa dHehtrgod as aforefaid, within fourteen days after charge; his-or her difohtrge, a copy, of the order of his or her difeharge, od the payment of two (hillings and fixpence; or (hall take more or taking ex-thaatbe.faid fom of two (hillings and fixpence for fach copy; or orbitant lees fluff cake ipore than one (hilling for an alignment or conveyance 3Pr the of focli plrifaner’s eftate or effedfs; every futh clerk of the peace, PJ* °*ear or bis deputy, or town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the prisoner's ef-peace, who (hall fo offend, and who fhall be convicted at any fucli tate and ef-generakor quarter feffion-of the peace, or any adjournment there- * of, of any fuch offence, (hall* for every (uch offence, forfeit and pH* oner pay to .every foch prifoner the fum of twenty pounds, as the p jullkes of the peace, at any fuch general quarter feffion of the peace, oC adjournment thereof, (hall order; and who are hereby impowered to caufe' the lame to be levied by diftrek and fale of

112	the

470	Anno	dcclmo	quarto OEoRGir HI. 'Gi'fa. £177,4.

the goods of any fuch clerk of the peaces orfrii1	‘ortwro

clerk, or other officer adling as clerk of thfe'peice. fb OfKadirig.

XXVII.	And be it further enaf^ by Prifoner con- That if any prifoner asaforefard, or any yi^cd of per- ^0 fhan take the benefit of this aft;

aTiWnii himfelf, herfelf, or thcmfelves, in any oath tfrbe tsrtto'mwer this aft, and (hall be lawfully convifted thereto fil&> fh'r^16tItJiey, To offending, (hall be adjudged a felon, and fidftf if out benefit of clergy.	'	*	ll	3*

XXVIII.	And be it further enafted by Hie

Perfondif- faid, That no perfon to be difeharged by thi*aft1 (halt, arttry charged by time hereafter, be iraprifoned by reafon of anyjttdgmertt df rfe-this aa, not crec obtained for payment of money only, ofrfor arty debt; da-of debts &c. maScs> contempts, cofts, fum or turns of money, contrafld, contraftedbe- incurred, occafioned, owing, or growing due, befbrfe the faM fore *8 April, twenty-eighth day of April, one thoufand (even btmAred W *774*	feventy-four; but that upon every arreft upon cvefyjudffiacnt,

or fuch decree, or for fuch debts, damages, cotttctttpta;' &ft$, fum and fums of money, it (hall and may be hwftif fof amyjoige of the court where the procefs iffued, upon (heWii^ the dopy of the order of fuch prifoner’s difeharge or difeharge*,lo^reieateand * difeharge out of cuftody fuch prifoncr or prifoners as afbre&d; and every fuch judge is hereby impowered fo to cfo, ohTudi jm-Toner's caufing a common appearance to be entered fbrhjm in every fuch aft ion and fuit.	Y' 411

XXIX.	And whereas, under former alls of this hired, doubt s lave or fen, what was to be done with fuch prifoners who applied it oxj fejjion to be difeharged, who owed and flood charged with debts, os well previous as fubfequent to the day limited by the refprBroo ttb; to remedy which, be it therefore enafted by the authority afore-

But noprifoti- (aid, That no prifoner or prifoners (hall be difeharged oftany «;t0	debts fubfequent to the twenty-eighth day of April, oneflioD-

dkbtffabfe- ^on(* ^cvcn hun(*red an<i feventy-four; and if it fliali appetrto queut to April the juftices, in any fefiion, or adjournment, that any peifeberor «S, 1774. prifoners, then applying to them to be difeharged, fhall fbmd charged as well with debts previous to, as fubfequent to the laid twenty-eighth day of April, one thoufand feven hondred"*mi feventy-four, that, in fuch cafes, it (hall and may befawfuftblhd for the juftices to difeharge him or her of all debts pitfnqi^^the faid twenty-eighth day of April, one thoufand fem/ifapdred and feventy-four, and to remand him or her back tothferiutody , ot the keeper of the prifon from whence he or (he h?*rbrot£ht, for all debts with which he or (he (lands charged wdibTn tis cuftody, fbbfequent to the faid twenty-eighth day bf Apt3,:fat thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four. * " -' ’ "v Juftices. (he- XXX. And be it further enacted by the atithtetrty afbrefiH, MuVcrs, may* That ^ any a<^‘on of efcape, or any fuit or si&fbn, biljity&ht ptcad this a£t ajainft any juftree or juftices of the peace; (fieHfl?; ^otety or to any aftion keeper of 3ny prifon, for performing their erffice;' ^btfrfbaj'ict of of efcape, or this aft, they may plead the general tflue,	ifl

agvniUhem evidence; and if. the plaintiff be nonfuitcif; tir mibhtfrttie his 1	aftion,

Digitized by v^ooQle

?774-] Anno j^ocinfKMjoam Georgii III. c. 77.	471

4^tiQnror *v^4i<5 paffa^inft him, pr judgment upon demurrer, recover Wpndaflt mall have treble cofts.	trcbl*

XXI* -Apd be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Perfom dif-grif any Stir* FpriySy, or action of debt, or upon judgment, charged may Jtebrcjught agaii>ft any prifoner, his or her heirs, executors., aminiftrators, unon any judgment obtained againft any fuch aaj0ni or * prjfoufir^oic on at^y ftatute or recognizance acknowledged by him judgments 0f her, before ttye faid twentv*eigruh day of Aprils one thoufand brought (even hundred and feventy-four, with refpetft to prifboers in ac- tj*1® mal, custody, or with refpeft tq debtors beyond the Teas, as afore-£l^d,rUpQn the faid.twenty-eighth day of April, one thoufand _l$yep hundred, and feventy-four, it (hall be lawful for any fuch prifoner, or, her heirs, executors, or adminiftrators, to plead ggpcrally thatfuch prifoner was adually a prifoner in fuch prifon

as,	fuch a.perfonV&it, or was or were beyond the Teas in foreign parts on the (aid twenty-eighth day of Aprils one thoufand feven Jvundred and feventy-four, and was or were duly difeharged, according to this a<ft, at the general quarter feflion, or adjournment thereof held at. fuch time and place, for fuch county, riding,

. divifion, liberty, city, town, or place, (as his, her, or their Cflfcis,) without pleading any matter fpscially; and in cafe any and in other pt|\er/uit oration (hall be commenced againft him, her, orfuits9nsay them, for any other debt, fum or fums of money, due before plead in dif- ^ the laid twenty-eighth day of Aprils one thoufand feven hun-dred and feventy-four, to plead in difeharge of his or her perfon execution, from execution, (over and above fuch matters as aforefaid,)

. fhat fuch debt, or him of money (as thq cafe (hall happen) was contra&ed or due before the faid twenty:eighth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy:four, without pleading

ojther matter fpecially; whereto the plaintiff (hall or may Plaintiff may , reply generally, and deny the.matters pleaded as aforefaid* or j’fPjv&encral-replv any other matter or thing which may (hew the faid de- c* fcodant not to.be intitled to the benefit of this a<ft, or not duly diiqhkrged according to it, in the fame manner as the plaintiff t^kht have replied, in cafe the defendant had pleaded this aft, and his ffifcharec by virtue of this aft, fpeciallyj and if the but if non-plamtiff be nopfuited, difeontinue bis aftion, or verdift pafs fu,te(h *•t0 againft him, or judgment on demurrer, the defendant to have	c

jlecofls.

CXXU. Provided always, That nothing in this a<51 contained Attornies or ^ I extend, or be conftrued to extend, to releafe or difeharge Servants em-any attorney at law, o» folicitor, or any other perfon or perfons a^pgi or. pretending to aft as fu<?h, with regard to any debt with dudedthc be-^hich he or they (hail ftand charged, for any money, or other nefit of this effefts, recovered and received by him or them, for the ufe of »&• apy^perfon nr pcrfbns, bodies corporate or politick, and by any

at,	totcney^ folicuor, or other perfon or perfons afting as fuch, etiftxzzled^ concealed, or converted, to his or their own ufe; or to releafe or,difeharge any fervaht or agent, or any perfon or petfoos♦employed 01 entrufted as. fuch, with regard to any debt

demand with which he, (he, or they, (hall ftand charged, for

I i ^	ap<H

Digitized

^ Google

I

472	Anno	decimo	quarto Georgii HI. C. 77.	[1774-

add on account of any money, goods, orother efftdfs, receivedor poflefled by him, her, or them, for the ufe arid oivafceioun*o/ his, her, or their matter or masters, orempioyert, and by fndt fervant or agent embezzled, concealed, or converted *ob»,be*, or their own ufe; any thing herein contained to the cd^tmy thereof in any-wife notwithftanding.

» XXXIII, And be it further enabled by the authority aforctirid, Gaoler to per- "That every gaoler or keeper of any prifon (hall, and is hereby mit the (peak- required to fufter, in the day-time, any perfon or perfort^defiri^ ing in private the fame,’ to fee and fpeak, in the lodge, or fotne^orwdiienr whofe names room °f l^e ^ prifon, with any prifoner or prifoners^ whofe are mferted in names are inferted in the a fore-mentioned lift Of lifts, ofr London the lift, or Ga- Gazette, or other newfpaper, or any of them, or any perfom fer-zette. See. rendering themfelvcs purfuant to this aeft ; arrd alfo fee, iivthe minin'6 the" true.and genuine books of the faid prifon, the entries made of the original books name or names of fuch prifoner or prifoners, together with the of entries. Sec. name Or names of the perfon or perfons at whofe fuit or (uki he, on penalty of (he, or they, are detained : and if any fuch gaoler or keepeNbail 401. with coils negle<ft or refufe to comply with what is here above required, 0 ^ every fuch gaoler or keeper, who (ball fo ofteod in the prtaufcs, fhall forfeit and pay to the perfon forefafed and aggrieved vthe fum of forty pounds; to be recovered, with cofts of fuir, by adtioa of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of the courts utWefi* minjlery wherein noefloin, protection, wager of Jaw, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed, by and m the name or names of the perfon or perfons forefufed and aggrieved.

XXXIV.	And whereas feveralperfons who have taken* the benefit

of atts of infchency9 from a difficulty of obtaining a new credit to fee

themfilves up in their ufual trades and occupations, (as their future

effects have been made liable to their debts previous thereto,) have pm

abroad, for the better maintenance of themfilves and families^ carry*

ing the arts and manufactures of this country to our enemies, or*rk#b

in trade: in order to prevent fuch evil for the future, be hen*

Prifoners fu- ailed, That the future real eftates, as well freehold bud copy-

ture eitate, or h0M as cuftomary copvhoid, or money in the fends* or Jem

money m the	’	, -	. 7 ,r</ r 9	c . 7 r

foods, not-	upon	real fecunty only, of every wch perfon or perfom* pri-

withrtanding foner or prifoners, fugitive or fugitives, which, afkr*he titttedf

their pcfionil his, her, or their topi furrendcr of his, her, or their efforts tad

difchaige, l»a- effedls, under fuch a£ls, he, lhc, or they, fhall or nnav be fcfted

tors^ CfC 1	°f» in his, her, or their own right or ufe, by grant, .Acmife, or

*	purchafe, fhall remain and be liable to his, her, and thrirta-

who m*y foe ipeeftive creditors, as before the making of this adt: and afty ere-

out execution, diior or creditors of any fuch prifoner or prifoners,' fiigificwkr

but notagdfol fugitives, may, at any time hereafter, fue out execmisn*&*tarfs,

oi■ p^fonaUf- or otiier Procefa, againft fuch real eftate aS afore&id of fueftpeh

fcit& obtaififd fort ot* perfons, on any judgment at the time of focb difehasye

fi'ice their dif-recovered, or ftatute ftaple, or recognizance acknowledged

cuar^c. or fentence or decree obtained againft, atty fueft'prifoner

ghive; bur not againft his, her, ctr their perfon, or bis, Ker* or

their perfonal eftate or effedls, obtained or accrued Ifoeb fueh

time q{ fuch difchaxge, oilier than aforeftid.

. XXXV. And

Digitized by v^ooQle

j?74*] Aafto^etfipp^qgrto Geqrgii III.. C, 77.	473

XXXV,	Andb* it,alfq enaded, That any creditor or credi:;Creditors may tors of any ppfo^r or prifoners, fugitive or fugitives, who fhallfuc ior tJle.rc* te-difctwg^d ui^der this ad* may, at any time after any fuch di^^u^at the ** qtufge, cqnwwice and profec|xte any action or fuit againft any the fi^chpnfoqer or fugitive, his, her,,or their refpedive heirs, exe7 prifoners dif-cutors, or adminiftra^ors, for the reccftery of any fum or fumscharge, of monqy which fhall he dne from any fuch prifoneror prifoners, fugitive or fugitive^ the time of his or her faid difeharge, but (ball not bold the pcrCbn of any fuch prifpner or fugitive to fpe- t^p^ifoner to ci^l bail; nor fhalMakc the perfon,or perfpnal efta*e and effedspfpecki other tl>an as aforeiaid, of any fuch prifoner or fugitive, in exe- nor take his OMjtion, by any judgment, fentenep, or decree, which fhall havePerfon» been, or hereafter may be, recovered or obtained againft any fuch recove prisoner or fugitive; apd any judge of the court out of which e& againft (uoh execution fhall ifTuo, fhall have power to difeharge the fame, him j by , virtue of this ad; and in a^y adion or fuit, which fhall and no advance hereafter coqunepced againft any fuch prifoner or fugitive, tage is to be (lit or her heirs, exeentors, pr adminiftrators, no benefit or ad- ta^en °f vantage (hall be had or taken for that the caufe pf adion did not not^accramK11 accrue within three years next before the commencing of any w,thin three5 fuchaihon or fuit; npr (hall any ftatute pr limitation be pleadr years, Ablc^or be allowed to be pleaded in bar of or in any fuch adioa nor .fta-ityrfujk which (hall be hereafter commenced by any fuch’credir JJJJJ tor or creditors tgainft any fuch prifoneror prifoners,un!efs fuch Exception, c#ufe of action qr fuit did not accrue within three years next before any fuch prifoner or fugitive (hall be difeharged under •this ad; and, in any fuch cafe, the fame may be pleaded by Any fuch prifoner, bis or her heirs, executors, or adminiftrators,

XXX VI. Provided always, and be it likewife enaded, That	°JC

J>y the difeharge of any prifoner or fugitive by force of this ad, quittaf to the" i>q other perfon or perfons who was or were partner or partners copartner or ia trade with any luch prifoner or fugitive, at the time of his or furctiea. her difeharge under this ad, or then ftood bound, engaged with,' or liable to, the payment of any debt with any fuch prifoner or fugitive, or engaged in any contrad together with any fuch prisoner or fugitive, (ball be difeharged from any fuch debt or demand; but every fuch other perfon and perfons fhall feverally (land and be chargeable with, and liable to pay, fuch debt and debts, and to perform fuch contrads, in like manner as if any fuch prifoner or fugitive had never been dileharged from the fame.

, XXXVII. And be it further enaded. That if any gaoler or Gaoler mak-fcoeper, or reputed gaoler or keeper, of any prifon or prifons, in£ falfc *n-(hall make, or caufe to be made, any falfe entries in any book or ^fo^book or books belonging to any prifon or gaol under his care, or of which forfeit be is or wasgaqler, or ftiall prepare or keep, or caufe to be pre- 5001, with p«rcd or kept, any falfe book or books, in order for any falfe or treble colts, untrue entry or entries to be made therein; or fhall infert in any lift, to bgr4d<v?red in a* aforefaid, the name or names of any perfon,qr perfons vyho was not a prifoner or prifoners in a<5lua{ qultody in any. iuf h gaol or prifon upon the laid twenty-eighth

I i 4	day

Digitized by LjOoq le

A

474	Anno	flecifBO.	quvto,G*JMttH*>Hbr>BjtyyiA	[471^:

•* f« „•»-day.pf Apr#* Ofi»ithoufaodfrvan beadooi—d fareutyufoory 6c

30• > iiwr*li * fhaU ;n<*t luwe qver -fipce remainedmfochidftoallcriflndyv Ma«

,<>Uf

overandabove all other penalties for fuch fraud.

Vi C..-- pofts,of,fuit,, by and in theoapae.jmd'fortbE pfe**>faWy ffeiftn • •i. - ■ or perfons yvb^lhall be prejudieed by*tvf bntryacoaTudl* fedk v. .-j! entries^ which penalties (hall/and ntty hortetowiwbby b&aa

*"'1	'	of liebr, bill, plaint, orinformation in any of to MbfeOyVcaBito

‘; .' of record at JVeftminfttr, oheitw no eiibin. pMaiiaajor.aaglv . of law, or noore than one imparlance, (hall be aiowod. i- j tk4* Prifoner refuf. XXX V Hi, And be it further,enabled, Thatifany'prifaw, ln8 tod**1"* being thereupto required by any creditor, foattrefufecDdafeowr ef'theperVon' an<^ 5ecjare *be trade or occupptioo, and habitation, or J*ft place at whofefuit of abode, of the perfon or perfons at whofe fuit he 00 fteis-dev hoiadetatotd, Gained or charged in cuftody; or, being called for and defiled, or to cam* »o by aijy creditor or creditors, fat come to the lodgo>6C'the/pmiaa>ia the lodB^rin w^*ch any fuch prifoner (bail be confined, without fotaeiwafim* h c*di«led	ble caufe being made appear to the contrarymtaryfilth fnfinlr^

the benrficof upon proof being made thereof before tbejuftipea at any (gapctal this aft. or quarter feflion pf the peace, or any adjournment thadci) ke be held as, afarefaid, (hall not have or receive any boUtfittoodif*

, charge by or under this atfi j any thing heteia-icontaincd to, the contrary thereof in any-wile notwithftanding.	•«	1	-

' XXXIX. And whereas litre is hut tat	or	for

rath of the refpt&ivt countits of York, Lincoln, La Header, bod Durhapi, which faid counties are tatb of them divided.into ridings.or divfjhns, all which have fevtral tomrnijfions

and if tj?e,gaolers of tbefe gaols be obliged to carry, the r 1 faatrs	therein*	to	the quarter ftffm ef each riding or druifoni the

/ / fame will be, a very great charge* not only to fuch	nit	alfo	to

v	Jibe	prifmrt	in	thojt	large	cbe lrthenefore, enacted, byt be

Juftices may authority afprefaid, That it lhall and may be- lawful foe n*o w convenkntany t1101"® juftices of the peace for any of theridiBgrocdivifioosin place near to the refpe£hve.counties,~ (or any other county or ctwferiet Where either ot the the prifops are at a difiance from the place-wtarrfithfrfcifioit&at** COUnhyifaolS’	at	common	or	county	goal	thereof	refpe«S»vefy*iorat

fe"non°there ^otne convenient place pear thereto, and they a tie thctwby/req triced for dUebarge to afle ruble and.meet, and to bold feflion there, by adjournment of p*itoners, -from their refpeiUve quarter feflion, from time-tp time, for Ihe ' ■ ;	-	difehargeof. rherefpedive prilbners therein, accofding'itqi the

'	(toWerSj limitaijops,and directions ofthisadl. <n *r,-.n'i>ua

XL, And whereas the text general	fieskAfor

the county	of$umy, which happen after the. fifing tfiibit, eti,

will, be in,the county, and upwards ef twenty nttks.frttn' OMy of the faid pri/onsybp .it therefore traded by the authority afoseftid, Juftices for the -pbatit fhall/aod may be Lawful to and /orddchyuftjceraa fhaH

reymay aflfem- bq aflembled at file general quarter feflion pfehO peace-to be ble at the	holden /erjhqcpuftty'of Surrey nest after ibs ptdhngnf thi&'aA,

and

cep^asJHthfloathotanyfuciiigaw^ortepetvorjdf^BnMiigabteTi

6r,keeper,,(hall be e*cieptedi)vevery foch gabWin^k/topervlo* deputed ga^lefrurckeepec Qvsll. over aBdiahosqe iniepelu|pu which he,Ih^iM.liable rnforgery foch fisrodpifo»fdt>-*?»dip»y the fum of pye hundred oonods; to be noonentd^vaafocxaBUe

Digitized by Google

Annp.dedtt<Jiqi*tf»iG80R<3ii HI.'€. 77.	475

d choy^r®h*rebb»aqb»Cd fotrhw Whi tkadjourn thelaftl fedion townhsll of th< tnkKiftballaafthdbofough^sftkfl’uwnt,1 -for^the1' purpofc 8°ut.h"*rk.t0^ Wc^ibiflmpignhew*!* u-equwed' to be wfcetv and^fcbfcr«>erfS",ttennB ratVEjqOfcybyttadfoperWi^aplerswfithinthe faid coanty'WHereini * ,. .i., ,,, -iyi ^rifoqestbr q*jfljndraEaDe*Onfinod,. and to the 'di&ha&jng ii{ibfpe<fti^iprifbn«i Wprifoners'eOnfined thefem/acebrarng »kfmp<eiOTs,tit(nrtadsnv, and.jdfre&forie, ofthis odt.

i2CJbl; Andohoi it fdrrhttr eroded by the authority aforCfaid, Thofe who arc hail ait>:detKourVnd ethers, 'whO'Went itl prifon Ort otbefore pnfoners for no >ffiM twebtyvcighth^day at April, one thoufand feven hundred ^ber <fcm»nd» td> foventyt-fotA-' orifkice, inany of the gaols of this kingdom, otthe gaoler id^ asverrcmafno there for not paying their fees, rents, or any or officer, to :hcr demaodff idue^or-claim<d, as doe to the keeper or gaoler ^ dilcharged. t-aanyprifonrefpedti^cly, orto any other officer of any fuch pti-n/aad upon man Other account, (hall be difcharged therefrom, ovihc,for theyytakidg the oath by this aft required to be taken y^>rifenoik$L > jh n;u 9tLi& Frovkled'aiways, That this aft (hall not extend to dif- Pdrtowjtathe karge’ any perfoaout of prifon, fecking his or her difcharge p^J^r4> wh„ ader this aCtV With rtfpeft to any debt with which he or (he owe above lakhftand charged'at-the (bit of the crown, if the difcharge of *oooL to one ackiprifonct is oppofed by council, but if not oppofed, then the Pi!rto? tid prifoner tobedifcharged, he complying, in all other refpe£t$, coiifent/are* ostbc dirediohs of this aft; or (hall be charged by any body excluded the politick Lor corporate, or by any one perfon, on or before the benefit of this aid twenty-eighth day of Jpri!, one thoufand (even hundred ind fcventyiifbor, itl any firm exceeding the Turn of two thou-knd poanrisfbefides intereft and cods, and whofe difcharge hall be rncoott oppofed by fuch body politick or corporate, or me peeforr: vand if arty foch body politick or corporate, creditor Creditor op-ir creditors, to whom a fum exceeding two thoufand pounds F^fing Prilon* hkll be owing, (halt oppofe the difcharge of fuch prifoner, and	him'*

hall dnftft that fuch prifoner be continued in gaol, that then, j». 6 A. per mdiin fdch cafe, fuch'body politick or corporate, or creJitor or week. :nedbors,oppofittg the faid prifoner’s difcharge as bforefaid, (hall, itihis,ber, or their proper cods and charges, allow and pay, in the .Whole, foch a weekly maintenance to the faid prifoner, not HKCoding four (hillings, nor lefs than three (hillings and flx-pence/Krwreek, in foch manner as the faid judices, in their general quarter fefllon, or fome adjournment thereof, (hall or- ■ denyrand, upon nonpayment of the fame for the fpace of two On oonpay-weeks,the iaid'prifoner, upon application to the faid judices in me“,*sr!*® their generalqearter fefljon, held as aforefaid,(hall bedifeharg-ed, purfuant to the Intent and meaning of this act.	charged.

XLUf. And whereas, under former afh, creditors have been put to great txpences end trouble! in attending every fejfon and	-

mekt, during"tbe whole continuance of the ait, to	the difcharge

of prifonert.clearly excludedfrom any benefit under the faid aSsfbut. vedoei 'afltt bavbtg been before, one fejfen heard, ana tefnfei a difcharge, te MYrdfi their	creditors, conjlantly gave frejb notices for

each ftdfiqtimt jeffkn tod	adjournment,of their intended application

to

Digitized by UooQle

47^	Anna decimo quarto GaoROit HI. CX77.	[177+*

ft be difohctrged, to remedy which, be arfurther ena&cd by ti* Determination authority aforefaid, That in ail cafes whatever, the deter«iu* of the jufticcs tion of the juft ices in fefiton, or adjournment, (hall be £02! to to be final with aj| intents and purpofes, utdefs the prifoner (haU, during the mention of* «°nt’ntiancc oftb« get of the-objcdSon pr objediaQs for any prisoner 5 »b*ch they refufed his difcharge; and, that the feme may be unieis the pri- clear and certain, the juftices are hereby required ro&Mrthc toner get rid objections why fuch prisoner's dHcbarge is refufed by them*

tio^lor'wMch	w*latevcr*	*l	^al! and.may be lawful co and for

they 1 efufed ^ juftices, at any fubfequent feffion, or adjournment, upon aphis difcfiarge. plication from the prifoner, upon doe proof on oath.models The juttices, them by two or more credible witnefies, (and which oath they are hereby rmpowered to adminifter,) of each objeebon or oh-of objeaion3 jc&ions being removed, and on proof of notice >fcr*od^ at feafi Stmg remov- xen days previous to fuch application on the creditor jor cicdhon cd, &c. may who before oppofed his difeharge, and.of notice JikcWifie injentd ch(charge fuch jn tfoe Qazette^ ijy manner before directed by this toordef pr oner. fuch prifoner to be brought before them, and if they (hall-then be of opinion the faid prifoner is intitled to the benefit of this ad, to order him to be difeharged, he taking the oath, ami in all other refpe&s conforming to the dhre&ions of this aft. Difcbarges to XLIV. Provided always. That every fugitive o* fugitives, io-be obtained by titled, or to be iniitled, to the benefit of this ad, (hall obtain ^ their retpe&ive discharges on or before the tirft day of Aagujl, one thouiarutfeven,hundred and feventy-fix, or (hall be excluded from all benefit of this ad.

• XLV. And whereat it may happen that fevtryl per font, xohomai xk 'm and he intitled to the benefit of this aft, tore feifed ef mt tjleto tail, in feme freehold or tcpyhold lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which entail, with the remainders thereupon expeftant, they bant^iy Urn, power to defeat and bar, either by levying a fine or feme*,faceting a common recovery or common recoveries, or by fitrrender erjhr* renders thereof whereby fuch perfon or per fens faid freehold or eepy-hold lands, tenements, or hereditaments, would be liable to the payment of their debts, end be delivered up, according to the terms of this 08, for the benefit of their creditors \ be it therefore ena&cd by the au-Perfons feifed thority afqrefaid. That in every fach cafe, fuoh perfon or per-of an ettate foi|Sj fo feifed as aforefaid, and who (hail be intitled to, 1 tad thc*bcnefiio?’ ck*m the benefit of, this ad, (hall, to all intents and purpofo this aft, are to whatfoever in law, be deemed and taken, and is and are hereby deliver up the declared to be feifed of fuch lands, tenements, and heredita-creditors oients, in fee: provided the fame (hall be delivered up to the Pmvifo? creditor or creditors of every fuch prifoner, in the (ante maimer as if fuch perfon or perfons had actually levied-a fine* fuffereda common recovery or recoveries, or made a furrendcr or furren-ders thereof, and thereby had become feifed infecteayiaw, or conftrudbon of law, to the contrary thereof ih «ny«wifcnotwtih-(landing.	*	,	;	■	y

XLV I. And whereas many perfons, who may takr the btnejfref this aft, have been great dealers, or otherwife engaged in largo trunfaftUns, whereby theymay be intitled to fitndrjt and great debts and Remands, ef '	.	variivs

Digitized by v^ock

74*1 A*mo derimo qgaito Georgii III* c. 77.	477

itff* tend intricate natures,	they may be infilled to equities of	1

tnrpt'um of ejlates, fubjeft and liable to mortgages, judgments, or

?n imambrOtitis, or to nverfions, remainders, e/A/r contingent

lfet ioe lands, tenements, or bertditamentSy or to other trufts or

trofte in eflmes, both real and perfonal, tt;A/V£ may not be fufficiently

rribtd or diftiVired in the Jcbedule or inventory before dir efted to

iekteotrd in aipon oath, as aforefaid,	wAirA /way wa»r Aw «r

(lance to adjuft, maA*	recover,	or manage,	/ir /A/

er*ditori\' be it therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid,

Sat it (hall and may be lawful ro and for the refpedtive af» Affiances may

neesof the eftate and effects of fuch prifoner or prifowrs who ...	.	..	«	r	~	. tner examina-

ill obtain, hts, her, or their discharge, in purfuance or this tion of prifon-t, me any other perfon or perfons, duly authorised by them for er, touching at puepofc, from time to time, to apply to any two or more t^ifcov^ the juftices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, ^hls effc€b* wn, place, or liberty, where fuch perfon or perfons (hall be en refiding, thereby defiring that fuch perfon or perfons may : farther examined as to any matters or things relating to his* t, or rheir eftate or effedls ; whereupon fuch justices (hall fend and juftices r, or call before them, fuch perfon or perfons, by fuch war* m3y fend *or nt, fumraons, ways, qr means, as they (hall think fit; and* ^p^foncu tonfech perfon’s appearing, (hall examine him, her, or them, accordingly,

. well upon oath as other wife, as to fuch matters and things, fuch atftgfiee (hall defire, relating to the eftate and effedU of tch perfon or perfons; and if any perfon or perfons, (on pay* Perfons refuf-lent, or tender of payment, of fuch reafonable charges as (uch ing to appear, lfticcs (hall judge fufficient,) (hall negledt or refufe to come °r*oa"^Cr rid appear, not having a lawful excufe, to be made known to nfay^com-ich juftices, and by them allowed, or, being come before mitted. lem, (hall refufe to be fworn, or to anfwer to all fuch queftions i by fuch juftices (hall be put to him, her, or them, relating ) the difeovery of his, her, or their eftate or effe&s fo vefted, r intended to be vefted, in fuch clerk of the peace, town derk, r other officer, idling as clerk of die peace, or in fuch aflignees s aforefaid, that then it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch jftices, by warrant under their hands and feals, to apprehend jeh perfon or perfons fo offending, as aforefaid, and 4>icn, her, a them, to commit to the common gaol, there to remain, with-ut bail or mainprize, until fuch time as he, (he, or they, (hall ubmit him, her, or themfelves, to fuch juftices, and anfwer up-in oath to all fuch lawful queftions as (hall, by fuch juftices, be >utto him, her, or them, for the purpofcs aforefaid*	(

XLVIL And be it further enaded by the authority aforelatd* 10I. percent. Hiatal] and every fuch perfon and perfons. who (hall, within twelve allowed ondif. nonths after the di (charge of fuch prifoner or prifoners, voiunta* ily come in and make a difeovery of any part of fuch debtor or moiJths'any tebiors real or perfonal eftate, as (hall not be comprifcd in fuch part o( the pri-chedulc as aforefaid, before any juftices aforefaid, (hall be allow* (oner's eftate sd after the rate of twenty pounds per cerium, out of rhe net ”ot^VUu!lcd produce of (uch debtor or debtors eftate which (hall be recover* c ed on (uch difeovery, and which (hall he paid to fuch perfon or

perfons

Digitized by

Google

Difcharge obtained fraudulently* void.

Perfons concealing any eftate cr effects oft he prifdner, fyrfeit foot, and double va-)oe,witb treble cortf of (bit.

Aflignoet with oojiknc of the

ma jonry in value bf tlie ere-

ditors,Tnay

conQpound for debt* due to the pcifuaer't eftate j -

and may fub-mit any dif-pute relating thereto to arbitration 3

Anno derimo quarto Gbohoh tH. c. 77. f *774.

(terfom fodifcovering the fame, thfr ttfljgnco or nfljguapn a (uch pciibnef’* eftate and-effett*.	Tic	t..

KLVJUi Provided always,-and b* it eiwftfld*Tb>t warwtk-(Hnding thedifcharge of any prKbner or pritofprsrby- viip*a shitwft,' tfetfhaH hereafter appear the feme dukoily, «r that any part ot the oath tahettth^gay-iireb-fs^ foner was not true; then, and in every fuch cafe, every fuch du-charge (hall be void and of nous effect. -	, •. r*

XLiX.	And,	for	thebetter difeovtry tbt (fate.end -effeth a*)

fri/tntr who fall- bt difcbarged by virtue of	he	it	eoaftre

by the authority afarctaid. That anyperlpuprpcrfoas whaJbai have accepted of any truftor trufts, and flsall. wpfjujly conceal« protect any eftate, real or perfonal, of any fuch prifonec firpm-hd creditors, and (hah not. Within thirty days after any.tfligneeot afiignees (hall, in pursuance1 of this adl, be ghofp of prisoner’s eftate, difcover and difclofe to fuqh^kfligtaqe <?e tfljgtwt fuch trail and eftate, in writing, and deliver wp.or paaCl'Over the fame to fuch aftigneeor-afignees, he, flie, or/thcyi ^offitod-sng, (hall, for every fuch offence-forfeit the fttfB-qf onc^huodred pounds, and alfo double the value of the- eftate, either real or ptrfonal, lb concealed, to and-for the ufe<of tbearedttors^ofaay fuch priioner; to be recovered by asSiort of debt,, in any of-fcss Majefty’s courts of record at H-eflminfar, ia*hemunetopoarne£ of the aflignee • or aifignecs-of fuch: pri (oner’s, eftato^-together with treble cofts offuit.	vi; n v -

L. And be it further cna&ed by tlie authority afpMfeid, That it (hall be lawful, at all times hereafter, foraoy-oflignpo-ptai. fignees of the eftate or effe<5Vs of any prifoncr or -pri(joners_, who (hall be chofe in purfuance of this af), by sad with thcr-pottfent of the major part m value of fuch p» ifoner or p»(<x>em creditor*, who (ball be prefent at a meeting to be held, on tweutyroncjdays public notice being previoufly given for the pgcp?fe-hereafter mentioned in tbe London- Gazette, the priioner wa# i« -cpftqdf m London, or within the weekly bills-of mortality,; «ndrif. npt, then alfo in fome ncwfpaper which (hah-be pwbhfhcd -io the county, city, or place, in or near which any fuch parfoo, hull have.been in gaol, to make compofition with a*y.-perfpn-or perrons, debtors, or accountants, to fuch prifooer or prifoncm^wUeiv the fame (hall appear neceflary or reafbnable,;; - a&djo t^kp/pqh reafonable pert of any fuch debt as can, upon -fuch Gqrnpofippn, be gotten, in full difehargeof fuch debts aod accounts,-a nd.^Uo to fubmit any difference or difpute between fuch a(ftgoee-or*f*| ftgnees and any perfon or perfons, for or on account,or, by ntaftai or means of any matter, eaufe, or thing, rclapng mifuchprilpB* or prifonera eftate or effedle, or to aoy-debt or debts db®, cut claimed to.be due, to or (irom fuch priioner or priibn$r«-ta tbs final end-and determination of arbitrator a, tube chpferubytbrl faid aflignee or aflignees, and the major part in value of itjupb creditors, and the party or parties with whom! fttpy ifta^ h*TU W difference, and to perform the award of-fuch arbitrators,- oreffl any umpire, to be cfaolcn by them, onotherwife to fettle -aaij

•agftd

Digitized by v^.ooQle

479

' 3^11:

' I" '

[ 77^.3 Anno dfcbtmo quarts <3bq®gii HI. c. 7 7.

igreethemattetwfoi'diffthsnce ordifjxtw between them, in fitch nanner as the faid affignee or affignees; with fuchcoirfsnt at »fer1!feid, '<hill think 'it1,' and ean agree ; and the fame fhbH be r&’all rtte rteditors oP'ffiabJfprifoner or priftnere; arid svety1 fudh affignee or tffigWeet irandatelmeby ihdetnaified for "	'

#tiat1 they fhall fairfy d0 in the pretmfes; in puttftrance ofthis

d'j»" v‘	rt. •, .	tt,‘) I'-j,1 ■- '. 1 i( ’ . ■	-i	t<	»ri -1.

LI. And whereas, unifrfornttr nftP if ibis nott&e M^prmifien wttsboer mAtwbat jfoiuld burnt of theefialtand tffeftstfntypri-ftnierir	prifiinefs, fugitive tr fugitive*, not got in, obtained, or rt~

fobbed', ^dny'afiigneeer'affignees, theftpmrfetant tothedirtfUans tf . -»•

the'frOeral	aftsfat thelime of bis tr tbtir death	and	■

xohifit hiirorhtirs, ttteealors, admini/hvters, and tfffigns, refnftd'to aft er	tneddte therein; to remedy which, be k enafted, Thar in If affigrfeesdie

dH fuchcafes, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the creditors before tlwet: of everyfach prHbher or prisoners, fugitiveorfugitives,toehufe pVuooeriare a newafSgnee or affignees In manner and form at herein-before g0t jn> ana ' isdfirefted, and to obtain a new affignment from the cleric of the their beir»,&c. peace; or his deputy, town clerk, or other officer afting *s clerk tejufe to »a, of tftC peace, purfuant to the order of the juftices; and which appoint^ Sid order the laid juftices are hereby required and impowesetfto ed, direft,(on due proof on oath being made to them of the death and creditor* of'htch fortnertiffignee or affignees, and refofal of his or theirt0 obtain a tufts, executors, administrators, and affigns, to aft or meddle therein;) and the faid clerk of the peace, or his deputy;' town 0f^e clerk, orother officer afting as clerk of the peace, are hereby im- peace».whistt powered1 to obey the fame, and execute inch affignment accord- tfaejafticnan ingly, in manner tnd form as if no former affignment hsd eref bemwiade, the 6M affignee or affignees, clerk of the peace, or hit'deputy, town dork, or other officer afting as clerk of' the the order,«« peace; hereby conforming to all orders and directions made by if no affigW-this aft relative tothetn, or any of them; and to be liable to all bad been fuch pains and penalties as are itiflifted on them; or arty of them, ma e* by virtue of this aft, for- difobedience in any part thereof, or iKgteft»of doty whatever: and in cafe any fuch.affignee or a£-fiajtees fhall die, and his heirs, executors, adminiftrators, or af-figns,(hall refUfe to aft; that then, and in fuefa cafe,it fhaH be lawftii for fuch juftices of the peace to appoint a new affignee or affignees, with the like powers and authorities as ate given by this aft, and the faid juftices fhall have power, in a wmmary way1;* to oblige the heirs, executors, adminiftrators, and affigns of fuch affignee or affignees, to account and deliver up	1

all' wch eftate andefftfts as fhall remain in his or their*hands, tOfee'qppKed for the purpofes of thiatft.	'*

Lit’. And, to the intent and purpoft that the effete and efftfit »f fuck>]ptifener Or priftntrs as fhall be afehtrged	vktue'of this aft Afligi>rei

nkrf be duty and foithfiAly applied for	the ben of hit, he¥ftr tbtir complained

reaivreduors, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid,TH«u JK?.'0.11 for *“• DiSti and may be lawful to and for tfcerefpeftlve coiffts at Wifi- !•“*

mlHjltrl bUAAhe courts of gneat ftffions in IValet, and ihe pfin- t„t, or cipality bf Vbtyietyind the counties pafatineof;Lanttfier<and othermi&cha-

Purham v»ur;

Digitized by

Google

4$o

Anno dedrno quarto Gkorgii fill C. 77. [1774

Durham refpedtiv.ly, from whence any prooeft Mnd which any fuch prifoner or prisoners was Or were committed, c where the procefs ifloed oat of any other coart, to and forth judges of the court of king’s bench, common pieas^ andcxcfee qoer, or of great feflions aforefaid, within their refpc&ive juri dklions, or any one of them, from time to time, upon Chapa tion of any fuch prifoner, or the creditor or creditors of ltd prisoner or prifoners, Complaining of any infofficiehcy, food mismanagement, or other misbehaviour of aay’r&ffigaae a aflignees of the eftate or effects of any fuch prifoner or prifooen, the court	to fummon all parties concerned, and, upon hearing the pinei

thereupon it concerned therein, to make and give fuch orders and dveriiam to fummon the therein, either for the removal or difplacing fuch affignseot make ^fuch a®gncc^» and appointing -any new aflignee or aflignees in the orders there* place or (lead of fuch aflignee or aflignees fo to be removed or in as they difplaced, or for the prudent, juft, or equitable management or toU think fit. diftribution of the eftate and effe&s of any fuch prifoner, iarthe benefit of the refpedive creditors, as the laid courts or jodges refpe&iveiy (hall think fit; and in cafe of the removal or*-placing of any aflignee or aflignees, and the appointing of ant n# aflignee or aflignees, the eftate or effe&s of fuch pnfoneror prifoners (hall, from thenceforth, be divefted out of the aflignee or aflignees fo removed or difplaced, and be veiled in, and delivered over to, fuch new aflignee or aflignees, in the feme manner, and for the fame intents and purpofes, as the fame were before veiled in the aflignee or aflignees firft chofc as afore* faid; any thing in this adt contained to the contrary nstwkfc-ftanding.

Where mu- LIIL Provided always, and be it enabled by thehotharitr tual credit aforefaid. That in all cafes where mutual credit hath been given hivenCCthe b^wreen any prifoner or prifoners, who (hall be difeharged in i?Ianc« to be purfuance of this a<ft, and any other perfon or perfons, or body lUted and ah politick or corporate, before the delivery of fuch fchedolcor towed.	inventory	of the eftate and efiedts of fuch prifoner or prifoners,

upon oath as aforefaid, the refpe&ive aflignee and aifigpees cf fuch prifoner or prifoners is and are hereby authorifcd and required, on tiis and their parts, to ftate and allow an account between them and the other party or parties concerned; and nothing more (hall be deemed to he veiled in fuch clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer a&ing as clerk of thd peace, or (rich aflignee or aflignees under fuch clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer a&ing as clerk of the peace, as the eftate pr efielts of fuch prifoner or prifoners, than what (hall appear to be juftly due to him, her, or them refpe*ftively, as and for the balance of fuch account, when truly ftated.

Perfons com-	LI V. And whereas many perfons are often committed on auuh*

mined for mints, for not paying money awarded to be paid sender fidmjjwi tt mone^awLd Nitrations by rules of court, or under fubmijfions to arbitrationbend e^umicTiub (tndivhieh fubmijjiotis have teen made rules of court, inpurfmetof TT. iflV>n* ro ar- an all, puffed in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of William bit ration,	.	the third, fir determining differences by arbitration) end liltwfti

>

*

Digitized by v^ooQle

r4-J Anno deamo quarto Georgii III. c. 77.	481

net paying of cofis duly and regularly taxed and attowei by the and for not >dr afftetr, after *proper demand* made for that purpafey and alfo payin& coft*1

0	any zvrit of Excommunicato capiendo, or oth/rprottfs for, and upon 'rounded ony the non-payment of ctfis or expenses in anficaufe or writ of Ex-vexing in any ecdefiojlical courtit is hereby dedared andcfm!*"f]cnatft.

That all fuch perfons ate and (hall be intitled ta tHrareintitied to icfit of this aft, on and fubjeft to the fame terms and eon- the benefit of cms as are herein exprefled and declared with refpeft to pri-alters for debt only: And whereas great numbers of poor people Thofe who are e been ami are now imprifoned for debt, upon procejjis ijfuing out prifonersupon cures of confidence-, it is hereby ena&ed and declared* That ali procef* out of b prifoner* (hall be intitled to have the benefit of this aft, and ^^^e>0[0C0tt" difeharged tinder the fame, provided he, file, or they, con- have the bene-m to the diveftions heroin-before preferibed, touching other fit of thUaft. foners who (hart be difeharged by virtue of this aft.

LV. And be it further enabled by the authority aibrefaid, Quaker's af-lat in all cafes wherein by this aft an oath is required, the	ia

emn affirmation of any perfon, being a quaker, (hall and^of^ iy be accepted and taken in lieu thereof; and every perfott oath, iking fuch affirmation, who (hall be convifted of wilful and fe affirming, fhall incur and fuffer fuch and the fame penalties are inflifted and impofed by this aft upon perfons convifted wilful and corrupt perjury.

LVL Provided always, and be it further enabled by the au*^erfons who ority aforefcrid, That nopetfon who took the benefit of aft th*~ t, pafled in the ninth year of the reign of his prefent majefty a&of^Gw.s* ing Oeorge the Third, (intituled. An aft for the relief of irfbt~ excluded. nt debtors, or of an aft, pafled in the twelfth year of the reign his prdenr majefty KingGeorge the third, (intituled, An aft r the relief of injbhent debtors, and for indemnifying the marjhdl the King’s Bench Prifon from profecutions at law for certain ef* pes from the fetid prijbrt,) (hall have or receive any benefit eg [vantage of or under this aft, nor be deemed to be within the tent and meaning thereof, fo as to be difeharged under the me i any thing herein-before contained to the contrary not* ithftanding.

LVII. Providedalfo, and it is hereby enacted. That nothing This aft not

1	this* aft contained (hill extend to that part of Great Britain, to extend to

iHed Scotland.	Scotland.

LVI1L And whereas bankrupts who have not obtained their cer* Claufe of rt-ficatn and dtfthorgt of their debt 3 ^ under fome one of the afts re* l*cf for *>ank-ting to bankrupts, have not been deemed to be within the meaning ^enotob-rafts of infolveticy^ as fuch bankruptj have nofchedules to deliver tained cemfi-> according to the terms and conditions offuch alls-, neverthelefs, as catet at d dif-any bankrupts arc confined in prifon for debt only, though they have charge ot their 'ready delivered up their whole efiates and effefts, or from a fear<lcbts*

r being arrefted and thrown into prifon, do abfeond from their homes,

}tdgo into foreign parts ; be it further enafted by the authority

forefaid. That fuch perfon or perfons againft whom a com*

liffion of bankruptcy hath been awarded and iflued, on-or be- , „ .< ....

ire the twenty-eighth day ot April, one thoufand fever* .him- -

dred

Digitized by v^ooQle

Anno dcdma qutno GloROli QL €.?$>

dted and feventy-foor, who hath or hive duly coaiommi** (hall duly conform him, her, or themfclvca, to the fewafoi of parliament relating to bankrupts, and bath not or kanttt been committed to any prifon by a warrant of the comptfim* in fuch commiffion named, for contumacy or noocewpbwn* thofe lawa, and who now is, or are in prifon for mages, contempt, cods of fuit, or any fum or fums of paw due and accrued previous to focli commiffion, or who nee« ' fecreting themfeives in fear of their creditors, and (lull be k» after fued, arretted, or held to bail, or (hall furrender him»bs or themfeives, or be furrendered, in difeharge of his, her, c their bail, or taken in execution in any liut or a&ioa for m fuch debt or debts as aforefaid, (hall and may, after the ttpn tion of thirty days, apply to any one of the judges of the cm wherein fuen procefs or procefles hath or have iflued, to fit* mon his, her, or their plaintiff or plaintiffs, to (hew aak ftj filch bankrupt or bankrupts fhould not be difeharged from he her, or their itnprifonment or arrett, as aforefaid, fuch bankrupt? bankrupts fiHl making oath before fuch judge, (or if at a Mm from fuch judge, then before a juftice of the peace,) whoisberefc authorifed to adminifter fuch oath, that fuch debt or debfc& accrue previous to the iffuing fuch commiffion j and fuch tiff or plaintiffs not appearing, or not proving that fuch bant f nipt or bankrupts hath or have concealed any part of his be. or their eftate or effects, or hath or have not duly conforms him, her, or themfeives to the laws now in force againft bankrupts, fuch judge (hall and may difeharge fuch bankrupt r bankrupts from fuch imprifonment or arreft, as aforefaid; fa:; bankrupt or bankrupts caufing a common appearance to bettered for him, her, or them, where neceffary, in every fucbfc or adion; and if any fuch bankrupt or bankrupts (hall be afterwards again fued and arretted, or taken in execution, or imp-toned in any fuit or a&ion for fuch debt or debts previous;j fuch commiffion as afprefaid, any judge of .the court vberc: fuch procefs iffued (hall, upon fummons of the proper party ^ parties, immediately difeharge fuch bankrupt or bankrupts tree fuch arreft or imprifonment; neverthelefs fuch bankrupts bankrupts (hall, in all other refpe&s, be deemed fubjed to & laws in force againft bankrupts; and every (heriff andfberife* bailiff and officer, gaoler and keeper of a prifon, is and arc hereby required, on proper notice being given of fuch jutip* difeharge, to releafe and fet free fuch bankrupt or bankrufhj out of his or their cuftody, and each and every of them isM are hereby indemnified from any a&ion or a&ions that my be brought, commenced, or profecuted againft him or them any efcape for or on account thereof.

Ctmfe with LIX. And whereas many bankrupts, wBb were included with# * b*neft °f I*** a& °f	twelfth year of his prefent Mojejlfini?

ciudcTvTthe rilatin£ ** bankrupt Si have not as yet returned home, or unut ^ oft *9tito, 3. thir Jeveral occupations for the maintenance of tbemfchei enifd lies, fry* fomt certain circumjlances of their cafe, be itena^

Digitized by v^ooQle

4*3

^74*3 Anno decimo quarto Georgn III; c. 78.

hat fuch peribn or pcrfons agtinft whom a commHBon of tikruptcy hath been awarded and itTued, on or before the 'errty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and renty-two, and who having in all thing* conformed them* vts to the feyeraf ails now in force relating to bankrupts; by eir furrender and fubmiftton thereto, and who have not been mmitted for any a<5t of contumacy or nonconformity, yet who ith not, or have not, gained a total difcharge from his, her, their creditors of his or their debts under fuch comtniftton* all have liberty to petition or apply by motion of court to the rd chancellor, the lord keeper, or lords commifftoners of thje eat feal for the time being, letting forth any fuch grievance or hetf circumftance, he, (he, or they, may lie under, relative to ch commidjon : which petition or matter the lord chancellor* ie lord keeper, or lords commiinoners aforefaid, may refer to matter in chancery; and upon fuch report or hearing thereof, tall have power and authority to direct the commiflioners in ie. commiflion named to certify the proceedings under fuch >mmiflion, and (hall grant fuch order thereupon, for the dif-aarge or relief of fuch bankrupt or bankrupts, as to his or ieir lordfhips fhall feem proper; any law or ufage to the con-•ary notwkhftanding.

CAP. LXXVIII.

\n at1 for the further and better regulation of buildings, and Part}-walls; and for the more effectually preventing mifchiefs by fire within the cities $/* London and Weftminfter, and the liberties thereof and other the parifhes, prccinfts, and places, within the weekly bills of mortality, the parifhes of Saint Mary-le-bon, Paddington, Saint Pancras, and Saint Luke at Chelfea, in the county of Middlefex ; and for indemnifying, under certain tondi-tionSy builders and other perfons againjl the penalties to which they are or may be liable for erecting buildings within the limits afore-faii contrary to law.

1X7 HEREAS an ail of parliament, made and pajfed in the Preamble; VV twelfth year of his prefent Majeflfs reign, intituled, An ad ,z Geo. 3. or the better regulation of buildings and party-walls withfit the c. 73. cities t>t London and fVeflminfer, and the liberties thereof, and >ther the parifhes, precindts, and places in the weekly bills of ooftalhy, the parifhes of Saint Mary-le-bon and Paddington Saint Pancras, and Saint Luke at Chelfea, in the county of Middlefex, ind for the better preventing of mifehiefs by fire within thtf faid 9 :itie§, liberties, parifhes, precin&s, and places: and for. amending and reducing the laws relating thereto into one act, and for other purpofes, hath been found inefficient to anfioer the^good pur-pofes intended thereby_• and whereas it may tend to the fafety of the * < * inhabitants and prevent great inconvenient!cs to builders, and work- w men employed in buildings, within the /aid citiesr Ubertiet, parifhes f \ preempts, and places, if the regulations contained in the* faii aft were - j 44 repealed, and other regulations and proxxfms refpebting futh buildings Vol. XXX.	Kk'	*	were

Digitized by v^»ooQle

Buildings divided into feven rates or clafles.

Firft rate of building.

Thickntfs of external walls to the firlt rate.

Anno decimo quarto GeoRGII III. C.78;	[1774.

voert eftabl'ijbed by law: may it pleat your Majcfty that it may be enadted; and be it enadled by the King’s mod excellent roa-jetty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritiul and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afem-bled, and by the authority of the fame. That the fevcral churches, chapels, meeting-houfes, or other places of publick worfhip, dwelling-houfes, and allother buildings whadbever, at any time heretofore begun or built, or which (hall, at any time or times hereafter, be begun or built within the faid.cities, liberties, pari(hes, precindls, and places, on new or old foundations, or on foundations partly new and partly old, (hall be diilio-guifhed by, and divided into, the feven feveral rates or cla&s of building herein-after deferibed; and fuch feven feveral rates or clafles of building (hall be under the rules and dire&ions hereinafter contained concerning the fame.

II.	And be it further enadted, That every church, chapd, meeting-houfe, and other place of publick worfhip ; and every houfe or building for diftilling and brewing of liquors for file; for making of foap, for melting of tallow, for dying, for boiling or diftilling turpentine, for catting brafs or iron, for refining of fugar, for making of glafs for chymical works for fale, of what dimenfion foever the fame refpedtively are or may be; and alb every warehouse and other building whatfoever, not being a dwelling-houfe now builr, or hereafter to be built, (except fuch buildings as are herein-after particularly declared to be of the fifth, ttxth, or feventh rate or clafs of building,) which does or (hall exceed three clear (lories above ground, exclulive of the rooms (if any) in the roof thereof, or which is or (hall be of the height of thirty-one feet from the furface of the pavement, ground, or way, above the area before either of the fronts thereof, to the top of the blocking-courfe or the coping on the parapet thereof; and every dwelling-houfe, now built, or hereafter to be built, which, with the offices thereto belonging and adjoining, or connected otherwife than by a fence or fence-wall, or covered paffage, open on one or both (ides, when finished, does or (hall exceed the value of eight hundred and fifty pounds; and alfo every dwelling-houfe, which does or (hall exceed nine fquares of building on the ground-floor, each fquarc containing one hundred fuperficial feet, (hall be deemed the firft rate or clafs of building.

III.	And it is hereby further enadled, That every front, fide, end, or other external wall, (not being a party-wall,) which (hall, after the twenty-fourth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four, be built ro any firft rate building, or to any addition thereto, or enlargement thereof, (hall be built and remain, at the foundation thereof, of the thicknefs of two bricks and an half in length, or one foot nine inches and an half at the lead; and (hall from thence regularly and gradually diminifh on each fide of the wall two inches and a quarter to the top of the footing of every fuch wall, except where any immediate adjoining building will not admit

Digitized by v^ooQle

4*S

r 774'] Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 78.

>f fuch footing being made on the fide of fuch wall next fuch idjoining building; in which cafe fuch footing (hall be made as icar to the dimenfions herein direded as the cafe will admit; vhich footing (hall be nine inches high at the lead, and wholly >elow the upper furface of the pavement and flooring-boards of he cellar (lory two inches at the leaft; and every fuch wall (Kail,

:rom the top of fuch footing, be of the thicknefs of two bricks n length, or one foot five inches and an half at the leaft, up to :he under fide of the one pair of flairs floor; and from thence of the thicknefs of one brick and an half in length, or thirteen inches at the leaft, up to the under fide of the plate under the roof or gutter of every fuch building; and from thence of the thicknefs of one brick in length, or eight inches and an half at the leaft, up to the under fide of the blocking-courfe or coping on the parapet of every fuch firft rate building; except fuch parts of every fuch wall as (hall be wholly of ftone, which parts, fo being of ftone, (hall be of the thicknefs of fourteen inches at the leaft below the ground-floor, and of nine inches at the leaft above the ground-floor; and except all recefles above the ground-floor in the faid walls, which (hall be arched over in every ftory, fo neverthclefs as that the arch, and the back of fuch recefs, (hall be refpeftively of the thicknefs of one brick in length, or eight inches and an half at the leaft.

IV.	And it is hereby further enacted. That every party-wall Thicknef* of which (ball, after the faid twenty-fourth day of June, be built to party-*alls to any firft rare building, or to any addition thereto, or enlarge- the firft rate, ment thereof, (hall be built and remain, at the foundation

thereof, of the thicknefs of three bricks and an half in length, or two feet fix inches and an half at the leaft; and (hall, from thence, regularly and gradually dimini(h on each fide of the wall four inches and an half to the top of the footing of every fuch wall, which footing (hall be one foot high at the leaft, and wholly below the upper furface of the pavement and flooring-boards of the cellar ftory two inches at the leaft; and every fuch party-wall lhall, from the top of fuch footing, be of the thicknefs of two bricks and an half in length, or one foot nine inches and an half at the leaft, up to the under fide of the ground-floor; and from thence of the thicknefs of two bricks in length, or one foot five inches and an half at the leaft, up to the under fide of the floor of the rooms (if any) in the roof of the higheft building adjoining to fuch party-wall; and from thence of the thicknefs of one brick and an half in length, or thirteen inches at the leaft, up to the top of every fuch party-wall.

V.	And be it further enabled. That every warehoufe, ftable, Second rite, and other building, not being a dwelling-houfe, except fuch buildings as are herein particularly declared to be of the firft,

fifth, fixth, or feventh rate or clafs of building, now built, or hereafter to be built, which does or (hall exceed two clear ftories, and (hall not contain more than three clear ftories above ground, exclufive of the rooms (if any) in the roof thereof, or which is, or (hall be, of the height of twenty-two feet, and (hall not be of

K k 2	the

Digitized by v^,ooQle

486	Anno	decimo quarto Georgii III. C.78. [i^i

the height of thirty-one feet, from the furface of the pavanei ground, br way* ahove the area before either of the fronlstbst* of, to the top of the Wocking-courfe or coping on the panp thereof; and every dwelling-houfe now built, or hereaftertok built, which, with the offices thereto belonging and adjois^ or connected, other wife than by a fence or fence-wall, orce?^ ed paflage open on one or both fides, when finilhed, does a (hall exceed the value of three hundred pounds, and (ball dc amount to more than the value of eight hundred and ih pounds; and alfo every dwelling-houfe, which,does or flia2a ceed five fquares of building on the ground plan, and (hail d amount to more than nine fquares of building on the grod plan thereof, fhal^be deemed the fecond rate or chlscj building.

Tbicknefs of VI. And it is hereby further ena&ed. That every front, external walls or other external wall, (not being a party-wall,) which fc£| rate*6 fecond after the faid twenty-fourth day of June, be built, to any fccw rate building, or to any addition thereto, or enlargement t\m of, lhall be built and remain, at the foundation thereof, d tbicknefs of two bricks in length, or one foot five inches afiJn half at the leaft, and (hall from thence regularly and gradatf) diminiffi on each fide of the wall two inches and a quarter the top of the footing of every fuch wall, except where any ;n< mediate adjoining building will not admit of fuch footing be 1 made on the fide of fuch wall next fuch adjoining building, 4 which eafe fuch footing (hall be made as near to the dimenii;^ herein diredted as the cafe will admit; which footing (hall b< nine inches high at the leaft, and wholly below the upper face of the pavement and flooring-boards of the cellar ftory ma inches at the leaft; and every fuch wall (hall, from the top d fuch footing, be of the thicknefs of one brick and an half u length, or thirteen inches at the leaft, up to the under fide of ds one pair of (lairs floor; and from thence of the thicknefs of esc brick in length, or eight inches and an half at the leaft, up roi the under fide of the blocking-courfe or the coping on the pv> pet of every fuch fecond rate building; except fuch parts:: every fuch wall, being above the ground-floor, as (hall be who * of (lone, which parts, fo being of (lone, (hall be of the thicha of nine inches at the leaft; and except all recedes above ti* ground-floor in the faid walls, which (hall be arched over, a neverthelefs as that the arch, and the back of each fuch receLs fhall refpedlively be of the thicknefs of one brick in length, a eight inches and an half at the leaft.

Thicknefs of VII. And it is hereby further enabled, That every party wi party-walls to which (hall, after the faid tvyenty-fourth day of June, be belt ♦k* frromi tQ any fccomj rate building, or to any addition thereto, or enlargement thereof, (hall be built and remain, at the foundation thereof, of the thicknefs of three bricks and an half in lenA or two feet fix inches and an half at the leaft, and fhall/res thence regularly and gradually diminifh on each fide of the four inched and an half to the top of the footing of every

I	wall,

the lecond rate.

Digitized by v^»ooQle

74-1 Anno declmo quarto Georgii III. c. 78.	487

I ; which fpoting (hall be nine inches high at the leaft, and oily below the upper furface of the pavement and flooring-irds of the cellar ftory two inches at the leaft; and every fudi ty-wall (hall, from the top of fuch footing, be of the thick's of two bricks and an half in length, or one foot nine inches 1 an half at the leaft, up to the under fide of the-ground-or i and from thence of the thicknefs of two bricks in length, one foot five inches and an half at the leaft, up to the under e of the floor of the two pair of ftairs ftory; and from thence the thicknefs of one brick and an half in length, or thirteen #

:hes at the leaft, up to the top of every fuch party-wall.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That every warehoufe, fta- Third rate* and other building, not being a dwelling-houfe, except fuch lildings as are herein particularly declared to be of the firft, th, fixth, or feventh rate or clals of building, now built, or rreafter to be built, which does or (hall exceed one clear ftory, id (hall not contain more than two clear ftories above ground, iclufiVe of the rooms (if any) in the roof thereof, or which is • (hall be of the height of more than thirteen feet, and (hall not 1 of the height of twenty-two feet from the furface of the ivement, ground, or way above the area before either of the onts thereof, to the top of the blocking-courfe or the copjng n the parapet thereof; and every dwelling-houfe now built, or ereafter to be built, which, with the offices thereto belonging, nd adjoining or connected, otherwjfe than by a fence or fence-rail, or covered paflage open on one or both (ides, when finifh* d, does or (hall exceed the value of one hundred and fifty >ounds, and (hall not amount to more than the value of three mndred pounds ; and alfo every dwelling-houfe, which does or hall exceed three fquares and an half of building on the ground ilan, and (hall not amount to more than five fquares of build-ng on the ground plan thereof, (hall be deemed the third rate ir clafs of building.

IX.	And it is hereby further enafled. That every front, fide, Thickneft of :nd, or other external wall, (not being a party-wall, which (hall, external wall* after the faid twenty-fourth day of June, be built to any third thlrd rate building, or to any addition thereto, or enlargement there- ra c* of/ (hall be built and rerpain, at the foundation thereof, of the thicknefs of two bricks in length, or one foot five inches and an half at the leaft, and (hall from thence regularly and gradually dimini(h, on each fide of the wall, two inches and a quarter, to the top of the footing of every fuch wall, except where any immediate adjoining building will not admit of fuch footing being made on the fide of fuch wall next fuch adjoining building; in which cafe fuch footing (hall be made as near to the dimenfions herein directed as the cafe will admit; which footing (hall be fix inches high at the leaft, and wholly below the upper furface of the pavement and flooring-boards of the cellar ftory two inches at the leaft ; and every fuch wall (hall, from the top of fuch footing, be of the thicknefs of one brick and an half in length, or thirteen inches at the leaft, up to the under fide of the ground-

K k 3	floor	j

Digitized by <j,ooQle

488	Anno	dcclmo quarto Georg11 IU. C.78.	[1774*

floor; and from thence of the thicknefs of one brick in length, or eight inches and an half at the leaft, up to the under tide oj the blocking-courfe or coping, on the parapet of every fetch third rate building.

Thicknefs of X. And it is hereby further ena&ed, That every party-wri! party-walls to which (hall, after the (aid twenty-fourth day of June, be built to the third rate. any thjrj rate building, or to any addition thereto, or enlargement thereof, (hall be built and remain at the foundation thereof, cf the thicknefs of three bricks in length, or two feet two inches at the lead, and (hall from thence regularly and gradually diminifti on each fide of the wall, four inches and an half, to the top of the footing of every (uch wall, which footing (hall be nine inches high at the leaft, and wholly below the upper fur-face of the pavement and flooring-boards of the cellar ftory two inches at the leaft; and every fuch party-wall (hall, from the top of fuch footing be of the thicknefs of two bricks io length, or one foot five inches and an half at the leaft, up to the under fide of the ground-floor, and from thence of the thicknefs of one brick and an half in length, or thirteen inches at the leaft, up to the top of every fuch party-wall.

Fourth rate. XI. And be it further enabled. That every warehoufc, ftable, and other building not being a dwelling-houfe, except fuch buildings as are herein particularly declared to be of the firft, fifth, fixth, or feventh rate or clafs of building, now built, or hereafter to be built, which does not or (hall not exceed ont clear ftory above ground, exclufive of the rooms (if any) in the roof thereof, or which is not or (hall not be of th© height of more than thirteen feet from the furface of the pavement, ground, or way, above the area before either of the fronts thereof to the top of the blocking-courfe or coping on the parapet thereof; and every dwelling-houfe now built, or hereafter to be built, which, with the offices thereto belonging and adjoioing, or connected otherwife than by a fence or fence-wail, or covered jpaflage open on one or both (ides, when fini(hed, does not or thall not exceed the value of one hundred and fifty pounds; and alfo every dwelling-houfe which does not or (hall not exceed three fquares and an half of building on the ground plan thereof, (hall be deemed to be of the fourth rate or clafs of building. Thicknefs of XII. And it is hereby further enafted, That every front, fide, external walls end, or other external wall, which (hall, after the faid twenty-to the iourth fourth day of June, be built to any fourth rate building, or to ratc#	any	addition	thereto or enlargement thereof, (hall be built and

remain at the foundation thereof of the thicknefc of two bricks in length or one foot five inches and an half at the leaft, and (hall from thence regularly and gradually diminifti on each fide of the wall two inches and a quarter to the top of the footing of every fuch wall, except where any immediate adjoining buiMing will not admit of fuch footing being made on the fide of fuch wall next fuch adjoining building; in which cafe fuch footing (hall be made as near to the dimenfions herein dire&ed as the c*fe will admit, which footing (hall be fix incises high at the

Digitized by LjOOQ ie

*774*3 Anno dedmo quarto GeorgiiIII. c.78.	4$9

leaft, and wholly below the upper furface of the pavement and floorings boards of the cellar ftory two inches at the leaft ; and every £uch wall (hall, from the top of fnch footing, be of the thicknefs of one brick and an half in length, or thirteen inches at the leaft, up to the under fide of tbe ground-floor; and from thence of the thicknefs of one brick in length, or eight inches and an half at the leaft, up to the under fide of the blocking-courfe or coping on the parapet of every fuch fourth rate building.

XIII.	And it is hereby further enabled. That every party-Thicknefs of wall, which (hall, after the faid twenty-fourth day of Juney be parly’7al,*ti| built to any fourth rate building, or to any addition thereto, or our enlargement thereof, (hall be built and remain at the foundation thereof of the thicknefs of two bricks in length, or one foot five

inches and an half at the leaft ; and (hall from thence regularly and gradually diminifti on each fide of the wall two inches and a quarter to the top of the footing of every fuch wall; which footing (hall be nine inches high at the leaft, and wholly below the upper furface of the pavement and flooring-boards of the cellar ftory two inches at the leaft; and every Tuch party-wall (hall, from the top of fuch footing, be of the thicknefs of one briek and an half in length, or thirteen inches at the leaft, up to the under fide of the ground-floor; and from thence of thfe thicknefs of one brick in length, or eight inches and an half at the leaft, up to the top of every fuch party-wall.

XIV.	And it is hereby enaAed by the authority aforefaid. Party-walls to That from and after the laid twenty-fourth day of June, every be between houfe or building thereafter to be built, and being of the firft, {j™j* a”“d fecond, third, or fourth rate or clafs of building herein-before other’build-direAed, and not having each of them a feparate and diftinA ings, except fide-wall on the part or parts where they are or (hall be con- in fuch parts tiguous, (hall have party-walls between houfe and houfe, or other ^veer®^h buildings, or between fo much of fuch houfe and houfe, or other p^nde'nt walls, buildings, as (hall not refpeAively have fuch feparate and diftinA

walls as aforefaid: and fuch party walls (hall extend to the outer furfaces of the external inclofures of each of the adjoining houfes or buildings: and all party-walls, and alfo all chimneys and chimney-ftiafts, hereafter to be built, (hail be built wholly of good found bricks or ftone, or of good found bricks and ftone together, except fuch timber, wood, lead, or iron work, as (hall or may be laid therein, according to the direAions h^rein-after contained, and alfo except fuch piling, bridging, or planking, as may be neceflary for the foundation thereof; and every fuch party-wall (hall be topped or coped with ftone, tile, or brick, and (hall be of the dimenfions herein-before direAed ; and one half of every fuch party-wall between houfe and houfe, or between other buildings, (hall be built on the ground or feite of one of the adjoining houfes or buildings, and the other half thereof (hall be built on the ground or (cite of the other of the adjoining houfes or buildings; and it (hall be lawful for the firft builder of any fuch party-wall, and for the workmen employed

Digitized by Google



490	Anno	decimo	quarto	Georgii III. c. 7H. [1774.

in building the fame, to enter upon tht? ground adjoining thereto, in order to the building fuch party wall in manner sfofefaid. All party- XV. Provided nevcrthelefs, and it is hereby enaded^ Thit walls above . every party-wall which fhall after the faid twenty-fourth day of fom Hones June, be built to any dweiling-houfe, exceeding four frofto* is btolt as of the	ffom	the	foundation thereof, exclufive of the rooms (if

firft rate. any) in the r°of of either of the buildings adjoining thereto, fhall be built in every particular according to the dire&iom here-in-before contained with refpeft to the party-walls of tbeM rate or clafs of building, notwithftanding fuch houfe (ball not be Party-walls to of the firft rate or clafs of building; and every party-wall fourth rate which (hall, after the time aforefaid, be built to any dwelling-houfe*, he.ng |loufe containing four ftofies in height from the foundation high, tu be thereof, excluftve of the rooms (if any) in the toof of either of built’as of the the buildings adjoining thereto, (hall be built in every particular third rate. according to the directions herein-befbre contained with refpeft to party-walls of the third rate or clafs of building, notwitfe-ftanding fuch houfe (hall be of the fourth rate or clafs of building only.

Materials of XVI. And it is herebv further enabled, That every internal div»fions of inclofure to be made, after the faid twenty-fourth day of different pof* for feparating any building of the firft, fecond, third, or fwrtli e 10ns m t le fate or cjaf$ 0p building, from any other building where foch buildings (hall be in feparate occupations, and every addition or enlargement to fuch internal inclofure, (hall be of brick or (tone, or artificial done or ftucco, or of brick and done, or artificial ftone or ftucco together; except fuch timber, wood, lead, or iron work, as may be laid therein, according to the dhe&ons herein-after contained for external inclofures to fuch firft, fecond, third, or fourth rate or clafs of building, and alfo except fuch piling, bridging* or planking, as may be ncceflaryfbr the foundation of the fame.

XVII. And it is hereby enaefted by the authority aforefaid, That in valuing the feveral buildings herein-before declared to be of the firft, fecond, third, or fourth rate or clafs of building, for the purpofe of afeertaining the rate thereof, fuch valuation to be made by the furveyor or furveyors to be appointed purfoant to this a<51, for the diftrift in which the building Is or may be fituated, by as true a meafure and eftimation as the nature of the cafe will admit; and every fuch building (hall, notwithftandrog any decay therein, be eftimated and valued as if the materials whereof the fame confifts were found, and the work thereof new; and every fuch building fhall be eftimated and valued at the feveral prices the like materials and workmanlhip (hall be worth ht the time fuch valuation (hall be made; but neither the foil "whereon any fuch building ftands, nor any fence or fence-wall, (except the railing to areas, and fteps before or behind fitch building, made for the purpofe of inclofing the faid building, with the office?vyard, or appurtenances thereto belonging from any neighbouring ground,) nor any brick or ftone arched vault or vaults, ynder the furfacc of the ground, either before or be-

firft, fecond, third, and fourth rates.

Method of afeertaining the rate*

Digitized by )OQle

1774-1 Anno dedmo quarto Georgii III. c. 78.	,	491

hind fuch buildings nor any lead, covering, or pavements, over fuch vaults, nor fuch parts of the party-wall or party-walls to fuch building asftand upon ground not belonging to fuch houfe,

Shall be included in any fuch valuation ; and in afeertaining the Squares taken Squares of building contained in every fuch building, being a at the level of dwelling-houfe, the fame (hall be taken by the furveyor or fur- the entrance, veyors a$ aforefaid on the level of the floor, at the principal entrance to fuch dwelling-houfe, and no more than fuch parts of the party~walls as belong to fuch dwelling-houfe (hall be included in fuch admeafurement: and in caie the owner, or any other perfon interefted in fuch building, (hall apprehend him or herfelf to be injured by the admeafurement or valuation made by fuch furveyor or furveyors as aforefaid, it (hall be lawful for fuch owner or other perfon to apply to the mayor, or any two juftices of the peace foe the city of London, if fuch building, or any part thereof, is firuated within the faid city, or otherwise to any two juftices within whofe jurifdi&ion the fame is fituated; and the laid mayor or juftices (hall Ihquire into the matter, and ihall, by his or their order, declare fuch building to be of fuch rate or clafs as the fame (hall to him or them appear to be of, according to the defeription of the feveral rates or clafles hereinbefore contained ; and it (hall be lawful for any of the parties < between whom fuch order (hall be made to appeal to the juftices of the peace at their general quarter feflions of the peace, whofe order and determination (hall be binding and conclufive to all pat tie .

, XVIII. And be it further ena&ed. That every dwelling-Fifth rate of houfe, warehoufe, ftable, and other building, (except fuch build- building ings, not being dwelling-houfes, as are herein-before particularly declared to be of the firft rate or clafs of building,) which is or (hall be at the diftance of four feet, and not eight feet, from any public road, ftreet, or caufeway, and is, or (hall be, detached from any other building not in the fame pofleflion therewith fixteen feet at the lead, and not thirty feet, or connected with any other building only by a fence or fence-wall,

(hall be deemed to be of the fifth rate or clafs of building, and fiiall and may be built of any dimenfions whatever.

XIX.	And be it further enaCted, That every dwelling-houfe. Sixth rate of warehoufe, ftable, and other building, (except fuch buildings, building, not being dwelling-houfes, as are herein-before particularly declared to be of the firft rate or clafs of building,) which is or

(hall be at the diftance of eight feet from any public road, ftreet, or caufeway, and is, or (hall be detached from any other building not in the fame pofleflion therewith at leaft thirty feet, or connected with any other building only by a fence or fence-wall,

(hall be deemed to be of the fixth rate or clafs of building, and (hall and may be built of any dimenfions, and with any materials whatever.

XX.	And be it further ena<fted, That every cranehoufe, now Seventh rate built, or hereafter to be built, on any wharf or quay, and every of building, (fumble, windmill or watermill, and affo every building which *

is

• Digitized by CjOOQle

/

Materials of cranehoufcs.

492	Anno	decimo quarto Georgii IIT1 c. 78. [1771

is or (hall be fituated without the cities of London and Wtftm-Jier, and the liberties thereof, ufed for workfhops or drying-places for tanners, fell-mongers, glue-makers, fize-maker*, d-lico-printers, whitfters, whiting-makers, curriers, Icatbcr-df-fcrs, buckram-ftiffners, oil-cloth painters, wool-ftaplcn, thaw (less, parchment-makers, and paper-makers, fo long and at & times as they are or (hall be ufed for fome or one of thdb per-poles, and noionger, (hall be deemed the feventh rate or da of building, and may be built of any dimenfions whatever, XXL And if is hereby further ena&ed% That every fed cranehoufe which (hall be ere&ed and built after the (aid twesy* fourth day of June, and every addition or enlargement tow cranehoufe already built, or hereafter to be built, and every** fide, new end, or other new external inclofure which (hal),3te the faid twenty-fourth day of June, be made to any fucb oik-houfe, or to any addition or'enlargement thereof, (hallbe? ftone, brick, (late, tile, oak, elm, fteel, iron, or brafe; bat cm other building of the feventh rate or clafs of building, mark ereded of any materials whatever; and no cranehoufe or otbe building of the feventh rate or clais of building, or any ewena! part thereof, (hall, after the faid twenty-fourth day of covered with pitch, tar, or any other inflammable compo^r. or material whatever, nor (hall, after the faid twaaty-founh & of June* be converted to any other ufe than as aforefirid.

XXII.	And) in order to prevent doubts which may or tie (Mining the rote or clafs of building of any office or offices new baft, r

«d of the feme hereafter to be built, belonging to any building herein-be feu dtdsrj dependentof *° P* °f firft* fecond, third*, or fourth rate or clajs of

it is hereby further enaded and declared. That every luch o&f which (hall be entirely free and detached from fuch buifc 0 which the fame belongs, or (hall be connected therewith one by a fence or fence-wall, or covered paflage open on oneor bar* tides, (hall be deemed to be of the rate or clafs of building taci office would be of, if the fame did not appertain to any dwelling* houfe or other building.

XXIII.	And whereas fome houfes or other buildings ertfldrh-gun to be ere fled) before the faid twenty-fourth day of June, svjte one or more good found party-wall or party-walls; although vtk-: agreeable to the feveral rules herein-before dire fled to be obfervd interning party-walls to be built after the faid twenty-fourth iej* June, and in fuch cafe it may happen that one of the adyomgh^

*may have been or may hereafter be rebuilt, without making ujt ijfc party-wall or party-walls, it is therefore hereby enacted, Tto every fuch wall may remain as a party-wall until both the hoc® or buildings to which the fame belongs, or the remaining to#* or building, where one has been already rebuilt, (hall belebufe (if fuch wall (hall fo long continue found,) and no longer: ^ that in cafe either of the houfes or buildings to which any M party-wall does belong has been or (hall hereafter be rebuild with a wall againft fuch party-wall (without making ufe of W party-ws*ll) of the heights and thi^knefies herein-befare prcfcnb;

o feventh rate building to be covered with pitch, tar, &c.

Detached offices deetn-

any other building.

How long old found party-walls may remain

Where one adjoining built with independent walls,

Digitized by LjOOQle

1774-] Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. C. 78.	493

ed for fide-walls, the proprietor of fuch remaining houfe or building (hall not, when fuch remaining houfe or building, or the owner of when fuch old party-wall (hall be taken down, be intitled to the other to more than one half of the materials of fuch old party-wall, nor jjavc £ut to more than one half of the ground on which fuch old party- t aria[s ca™da~ wall was ereCted ; nor (hall fuch proprietor build on more than half the /cite one half of the faid ground, unlefs he (hall have agreed with of the old par-and fatisfied theowner or owners of fuch adjoining rebuilt houfe dwhen for the other half thereof; and in cafe the parties cannot agree pu M down# concerning the fame, and both or either of them (hall be de-firous of buying or felling, the price, and the matters in difference, (hall be fettled by a jury, to be fummoned, returned, and impanelled as hereafter is mentioned concerning mixed property: but if fuch remaining houfe or building be of thefirft, Party-walls fccond, or third rate or clafs of building, or be four (lories high not being of from the foundation thereof, exclufive of the rooms (if any) in (h^ient the roof thereof, and if in that cafe fuch old party-wall (hall not ^^down,* be of the thicknefs of two bricks in length, or one foot five when one of inches and an half at the lead, from the foundation thereof to the houfes U the under fide of the ground-floor, and from thence upwards to rebuilt, the top thereof of the thicknefs of one brick and an half in length, or thirteen inches at the lead j.then fuch old party-wall fhall, when either of the houfes or buildings to which the fame belongs (hall be rebuilt, be confidered as if the fame had been condemned, or adjudged ruinous, purfuant to the directions herein-aft?r contained for condemning or adjudging ruinous any unfound party-wall 5 or if fuch old party-wall (hall have any Ends of tim-tirober or timbers of any adjoining building lying through the bers lying fame, and if, when either of the.houfes or buildings to which	?.ld

the fame belongs (hall be rebuilt, the owner or owners of fuch ^be "cut off adjoining or remaining houfe or building will not permit fo when one much of fuch timber to be cut off as (hall leave full fix inches of building is clear brick work beyond the end of every fuch timber, then rebuilt, every fuch wall (hall be confidered as if the fame had been condemned, or adjudged ruinous, purfuant to this aCt, and the fame (hall be taken down and rebuilt, in fuch manner as is hereinafter directed concerning party-walls which (hall be fo condemned, or adjudged ruinous.

XXIV,	And whereas fome houfes or other buildings erefled, or Timber par-begun to be ere fled before the faid twenty-fourth day of June one titionstobe thoufand feven hundred and fventy-four, may have one or more good d°"n and found timber partition or timber partitions between the fame and houfe or one the adjoining houfe or buildings it is hereby enaCted, That every front is re-fuch timber partition may remain until one of the adjoining built, houfes or buildings to which the fame belongs (hall be rebuilt, or (hall have one of the fronts which (hall abutt on fuch timber partition, or two-third parts of one of fuch fronts, taken down to the breffummer or one pair of flairs floor, and rebuilt, or until fuch timber partition (hall be condemned, purfuant to the directions herein-after contained, concerning ruinous or defective party • wall $ and party-partitions, and no looger.

XXV. And

Digitized by v^ooQle

j

49+

External walls (hall not become party-.wall.

Party-walls to be one foot fix inches above any building which (hall gable againft them*

What recef-fes may be in party* walls*

What openings may be in party-walls.

Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 78.	[1774;

XXV.	And as a further fecurity againjl fire, it is hereby enid* ed, That no wall or walls of any building of the firft, fecond, third, or fourth rate or clafs of building, already erefted or hoilt, or hereafter to be erefted or built, or of any addition or enlargement made or to be made to any building of fuch firft, fecond, third, or fourth rate or clafs of builJing, which fhall not be a parry-wall on the faid twenty-fourth day of June3 fhall ever be or become a'party-wall, unlcfs the fame fhall be and remain of the heights and thicknefles above the footings, and of (he materials hereinbefore direfted concerning party-walls to bccrcd-ed after the time aforefaid.

XXVI.	And, as a greater fecurity from fire, it is hereby further enafted, That every party-wall which fhall be built after the laid twenty-fourth day of June, and every addition or enlargement which (hall be thereafter made to any party-wall then built, or thereafter to be built, fhall be carried up, and remain, one foot fix inches at the lead above the roof of the highdt building which fhall gable againft, or adjoin to, fuch party wall, in every part of fuch party-wall where fuch building fhall gable or adjoin thereto, meafuring at a right angle with the back of the rafters of fuch roof; and every fuch party-wall fhall be carried up and remain one foot at the lead above the gutters of the higheft'of fuch buildings, except the height of fuch party-wall, where fo carried up, fhall exceed the height of the blocking-courfe or parapet of either of the fronts abutting on the fame of the higheft building adjoining thereto, in which cafe, the end only of every fuch party-wall next fuch blocking-courfe or parapet may be lefs than one foot above the gutter, for the difiance of two teet fix inches from the front of fuch blocking-courie or parapet 5 and in cafe any dormer or other ereftion is or fhall be fixed in the flat or roof of any building, within four feet of any partv-wal!, then every fuch party-wall (hall be carried upagsinit every' fuch dormer or other ereftion, and fhall extend for the breadth of at leaft two feet wider, and to the full height of every part of every fuch dormer or other ereftion as fhall be within four feet of fuch party-wall: and no recefs fhall be made in anj party-wall hereafter to he built to any building of the firft, fecond, third, or fourth rate or clafs of building, (except for chimnies, flues, girders, and beams, and other timbers, and for the ends of walls or piers, as herein-after is direfted,) foasto reduce fuch wall in any part thereof under the thicknefs by this aft required for the party-wall to the higheft rate or clafs of building to which fuch party-wall belongs: and there fhall not be any opening whatever, after the laid twenty-fourrh day of June, made in any party-wall except for communication from one flack of warehoufes to another, and from one ftable building to another; all which communications fhall have thereto iron doors, in fuch manner as is herein-after direfted; and alto except fuch paflages or ways on the'ground for foot paflertgers, cattle, or carriages as may be neceflary; all which paflages or ways fhall be arched over with brick or (lone, or brick and Root

togc-

Digitized by

y'Google

1774-] Anno decimo quarto Georgii IIL c.78.	495

together throughout, of the thicknefs of thirteen inches at the ' leaft in every building of the firft and fecond rate or clafs of building, and of the thicknefs of eight inches and an half at the leaft in every building of the third or fourth rate or clafs of building :sand if there be any cellar or vacuity under any fuch paffage, every fuch cellar or vacuity (ball be arched over throughout with brick or (tone, or brick and ftone together, in the fame manner as the paflage or way over fuch cellar or vacuity is hereby directed to be arched.

XXVII.	And it is hereby further Cnadted, That no timbers How ends of (hall, at any time, after the faid twenty-fourth day of June, be beams raay be hid into any party-arch, except for bond to the fame, nor into

any party-wall, other than fuch templets, chains, and . bond*-timhers, as (hall be neceflary for the fame ; and other than the ends of girders, beams, purlings, and of binding or trimming joifts, or of other principal timbers; all which timbers (haLl have at leaft eight inches and an half of folid brickwork between the ends and (ides of every fuch piece of timber and the timber of any building adjoining thereto; and the end of every girder^ beam, purling, binding or trimming joift, and of every other piece of principal timber, may be laid beyond the centre of any party-wall hereafter to be built, fo neuerthelefs as that there be left eight inches and an half at the leaft of folid brick or (tone work at the end of every fuch piece of timber, except in places, where any part of the ends of any fuch timber dull lie oppofitc to and level with any parts of the ends of any timber of any adjoining building or buildings, in which cafe, no part of fuch timbers (hall approach nearer than four inches to the centre of the faid wall.

XXVIII.	And it is hereby further enadted, That no perfon Party-arches (hall cut or maim any party-arch, nor the (haft of any chimney and party-now built, or hereafter to be built, on any party-wall, for any

purpofe whatfoever; and that no perfon (hall cut or maim any nm party-wall now built, or hereafter to be built, other than for the purpofes and in the manner herein-after mentioned; that i9 to for what ures fay, when the front or back wall of any houfe.or building, being party-walls in a line with the front or back wall of the houfe or building he cut adjoining thereto, (hall at any time hereafter be built, it (hall be 1 lawful to cut a break not more than nine inches deep from the external face of fuch front or back wall and to the centre of fuch . party-wall, for the purpofe of inferring therein the end of fuch new front or hack wall; and in every fuch cafe where a href-dimmer and ftory-pofts (hall be fixed in the ground ftory of fuch new front or back wall, fuch break may be cut from the foundation of fuch new front or back wall to the top of fuch bref-fummer, fourteen inches deep from the external face of fuch front or back wall, and the fame may be four inches wide in the . cellar ftory, and two inches wide in the ground ftory, for the purpofe of placing therein fuch ftory pofts, and brefiummers, agreeable to the directions of this adt: and it (hall be lawful to cut into any party-wall for the purpofe of tailing in ftone fteps?

or

Digitized by Google '

Thicknefs of backs of chimnies in party-walls.

How chimnies may be built back to back in party walls.

How flues

may be built back to back in party-walls.

Thicknefs of breads of flues |

Anno decimo quarto GeoRGH III. c. 78.	[ 1774.

or ftone landings, or for placing in fuch party-wall timber for bearers to wood ftarrs fo as no timber bearer be laid into any

n-wall nearer than eight inches and an half to any chimney lie whatever, or to any timber of the adjoining hotifc or building, or nearer than four inches to the internal Imifhing of fuch adjoining houfe or building, and for the purpofe of laying therein ftone corbels for the fupport of chimney jambs, girders, beams, purlings, binding or trimming joifts, or of other prind-pal timbers; and it (hall alfo be lawful to cut perpendicolarrecedes into any party-wall, not being lefs than thirteen inches thick, for the purpofe of inferring walls and piers therein, fo neverthelefs as that no fuch recefs be more than fifteen inches wide, or more than four inches deep, and that no fuch recefs be nearer than ten feet to any other recefs; and it (hall be lawful to cut of the footing on the fide of any party-wall where either of the adjoining buildings (hall be rebuilt with a wall againft fuch party-wall; but every perfon who (hall cut into any party-wall for any of the purpofes aforefaid, (hall immediately make good, and well and effectually pinn up, with brick, ftone, flate, tile, (hell, or iron, bedded in mortar, every defedt which (hail be occafioned by the cutting of any fuch party-wall: and no parry-wall (hall be cut for any of the purpofes aforefaid, if the cutting thereof will injure, difplace, or endanger the timbys, chimnies, flues, or internal finifttings of the adjoining buildings.

XXIX.	And it is hereby further enaefted, That the back of every chimney in every party-wall which (hall, after the (kid twenty-fourth day of June, be built, (hall be at leaft thirteen inches thick in the cellar ftory, and eight inches and an half thick in every other ftory from the hearth of every fuch chimney to the height of twelve inches above the mantle in every fbch chimney; and that no chimney which (hall, after the faid twenty-fourth day of June9 be built in any party-wall where either of the buildings adjoining thereto is of the fcrft rate or clafs of building, (hall be built with the back thereof againft the back of any other chimney, unlefs the back of each chimney in the cellar ftory be at leaft eight inches and an half, and the back of each chimney in any of the upper ftories be at leaft four inches and a quarter from the centre of fuch party-wall: and that no chimney which (hall, after the faid twentv-fourth day of June^ be built in any party-wall, where either of" the buildings adjoining thereto is of the fecond, third, of fourth rate or clafe of building, (hall be built with the back thereof againft the back of any other chimney, unlefs the back of each chimney in the cellar ftory be at leaft fix inches and an half, and the back of each chimney in any of the upper ftories be at leaft four Inches and a quarter from the centre of fuch wall: and that no flue (hall be built oppofite to another flue in any party-wall, unlefs the back of each flue be at leaft two inches from the centre of fuch party-wall: the breaft of every flue which (hall, after the faid twenty-fourth day of June, be built, whether fuch flue be in a party-wall or not, (hall be of brick or ftone at leaft eight £	inches

Digitized by

Google

'74-0 Anno dccimo quarto Georgii III. C.78.	497

ches and an half thick in every cellar dory, and at lead four :hes thick in every other dory: all the withs or partitions be- and with*, 'een any flues which (hall, after the faid twenty-fourth day of ine9 be built, (hall be of brick or done, and every fuch with or Lrtitton of brick (hall be at lead half a brick thick: and every chimnies to •eaft and back of every chimney, and every bread, back, and be pargetted. ith or partition of any flue hereafter to be built, (hall be rented or pargetted within and without, except the outfide thereof hich fhall be next to vacant ground, in which cafe, the back of /cry chimney and flue next fuch vacant ground (hall be by me* or in fome durable manner, marked and didinguilhed ex-ept in a fore-front, back-front, or fide-front of any building ot likely hereafter to be built againfl; and every back of every ich chimney and flue fo being againfl fuch vacant ground (hall e rendered or pargetted as foon as any building (hall be eredted 0 fuch wall.

XXX.	Provided always, and be it enadted by the authority Chimney-forefaid. That if,any perfon or perfons, being poflefled of, or jambs, breads, ntitled unto, any part of the ground whereon a party-wall is in p*r-ntended to be built, fhall be defirous of having chimney-jambs, ty. walls where Heads, and flues of chimnies, made in any fuch party-wall on defired by his, her, or their part thereof, or (hall be defirous of having a owner or ad-recefs or recedes left in the faid party-wall, of the feveral breadths and depths in and by this a6t allowed to be left or cut * into any party-wall, for the purpofe of inferring therein external or internal walls or piers, or for any other purpofe allowed by this adl, and of fuch defire (hall give notice in writing under his, her, or their hands, particulary deferibing every fuch chimney-jamb, bread, and flue, and every fuch recefs, to the builder or builders of fuch party-wall, or any one of them, at any time before fuch party-wall (hall be begun to be built; then fuch builder or builders of fuch party-wall (hall, after fuch notice fo given, eredt in, a proper, fubdantial, and workmanlike manner, fuch and fo many chimney-jambs, breads, and flues of chimnies, in all fuch parts of every fuch party-wall as (hall be, bv the perfon or perfons giving fuch notice, required; and (hall alio leave fuch recedes in every fuch party-wall, not being in any re* fpedt contrary to the rules, regulations, and reflridh'ons, in and by this adfc prescribed: and, from and after the eredling fuch jambs, breads, and flues of chimnies, fo required, the perfon or perfons giving fuch notice, his, her, or their executors and ad-miniftrators, (hall be deemed to have made ufe of fuch party-wall, and (hall from thenceforth be liable to pay the whole ex-pence of eredling and fetting up all fuch jambs, breads, and flues of chimnies, eredled in purfuance of fuch notice, and alfo fuch proportional part of the expence of eredling fuch wall, as is here-in-after diredled concerning party-walls to be built after the faid twenty-fourth day of June, to be recovered in cafe of nonpayment with full cods 01 fuit, in like manner as any proportion of any party-wall is by this adt made recoverable by the builder thereof, from any other perfon Liable to contribute thereto.

XXXI,	And

Google

49*

Regulation of party-wails, &c. between intermixed property.

Party-walls not to extend to inns of court, &c.

Owners may be compelled to join in building party-walls, & c.

Anno dccimo quarto Georgii Ilf; C.y9. [i^

XXXI.	And whereas feveral houfes and other bmWngt, wth the limits aforefaid, are built tn fome part thereof over a f*Mc wr, an'* in feveral houfes or other buildings, within the Unfits afortlpi, fever al of the rooms or floors of fuch houfes or buitifags are tbepr perty of different owners, and lie intermixed without bring fepM by any party-wall, and without being arched over and under tod other with brick or font, or brick and flone throughout; be it th^ fore enadkcd, That when any houfe or other building, tstxfl as herein-after is excepted, fo built, in any part thereof, c«r a public way, or any houfe or building, except as herein-after is excepted, having any rooms the property of different perfcw, and intermixed as aforefaid, fhallbe rebuilt, there (hadbca party-wall, according to the directions herein-before contained for the higheft rate or clafs of building adjoining thereto, with a party-arch or party-arches of the thicknefs of one brick and an half in length, orihirtccn inches at the leaft, in every building of the firft and fecond rate or clafs of building, andoftk thicknefs of one brick in length, or eight inches and an half a the leaft, in every building of the third and fourth rate or dais of building, between houfe and houfe, or other building, or between the different rooms or floors, fo being the property of different perfons as aforefaid.

XXXII.	Provided neverthelefe. That the laft mentfonei claufe or provifion relating to houfes and buildings in part over public ways, or having the rooms or floors the property of different perfons, (hall not extend to all or any of the rooms a chambers in Serjeant's Inn in Chanary Lane, or in any of the four inns of court, or to any of the inns of chancery, or any other inns fet apart for the ftudy or pra&ice of the law; fave and except that the walls or divifions between the feveral rooms and chambers in fuch inns, belonging to and communicating with each feparate and diftindt ftair-cafe, (hall be deemed and taken to be party-walls within this a<5t, and (hall be fubjeck to all and every the regulations and claufcs herein contained relatingto other party-walls within the limits aforefaid.

XXXIII.	And whereas it may fometimes happen that no perf wall or party-arch can be built upon proper foundations between jw houfes and it her buildings, over publick ways, or having room sr floors the property of different per fens, lying intermixed, as ofmjo'l without pulling down fuch houfes or buildings, and laying pom tj each to the others of fuch houfes or buildings; and k may happen tl4 the parties interefled therein, or fome or one of them, will not, or iss-not, by reafon of fome legal difability, or otherwife, join in buiUisi fuch party-wall or party arches, as aforefaid, or in pulling iownjd houfes, and laying parts of each to the other or others of fucb buf\ in all which cafes, differences may arife amongfl the fad fan owners, and the rebuilding the fame, and the Jaid paAy*wdhv party-arches thereof, may be thereby prevented or delayed, to the grti injury or inconvenience of fuch of the owners as are deftrous of rebuilding : for remedy thereof^ and in order to prevent the fatal tffedls of fire* be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That,

Digitized by Google

^•3 Anna deckno quarto Georgii III. c. 78.	499

aii and every or any of fuch cafes, when any owner or own-s of any fuch houfe or dther building within the limits afore-d, built over any public way, or intermixed as aforefaid, (hall defirous of rebuilding fuch houfe or other building, and the vner or owners of the adjoining houfe or building, or of the lier parts of fuch intermixed houfe or building, (hall not be iliing, or (hall not, by reafon of fome legal difability, or other-ife, be able to join in fuch rebuilding, then the party or par-:s, fo defirous of rebuilding, (hall give notice, in writing, to e owner or owners of fuch adjoining houfe or houfes, or other aildings, or of the other parts of fuch intermixed houfe or lilding, that he, (he, or they, fo intending to rebuild, will ap-y to the court of mayor and aldermen of the city of London hen fueh houfe or other building, or any part thereof, is fi-lated within the faid,city1 or the liberties thereof, or to the iftices of the peace fir the county of Middlefe*„ or for the >unty of Surrey, or for the city and liberty of Wejlminjler, or >r the liberty of tht Tower of London, refpecflively, within hofc jurifdidtion fuch houfe, or other building, or any part hereof, is fituated, in their refpe&ive general or quarter feflions f the peace, to be next holden, after fourteen days from the elivery of fuch notice, in order to obtain the judgement and etermination of the faid court of mayor and aldermen, or of ,ie faid court of feflions, (as the cafe may be), touching the ebuilding fuch houfe or houfes, or other buildings, or fuch arty-walls or party-arches, to be deferibed in fuch notice, and or ascertaining the feite of a party-wall or party-walls, or the ituation ot any party-arches to be built according to the direc-ions and reftriftions in this a£t contained, by delivering a true opy of fuch notice to the owner or owners of fuch adjoining x toufe or hottfe*, or other buildings, or of the other parts of Where owners uch intermixed houfe or building; or in cafe fuch owner or under dif-•wners (hall be under the difability of coverture, infancy, idio- houfe^are un-:y, or lunacy, then to the hufband or hu(bands of fuch owner inhabited,how >r owners under coverture, or to the'guardians, truftees, or differences are :ommittee$ of fuch owners being under the difability of infan-he fettled :y, idiocy, or lunacy refpc&ively, or by leaving the fame at	hc

ois, her, or their laft or ufual place of abode, or by delivering party.^aSs.

1 true copy*of fuch notice to the tenant in pofleflion of fuch ad- r oining houfe or houfes or other buildings, or of the other parts )f fuch intermixed houfe or building; or in cafe fuch houfe or auilding (hall be uninhabited, then by fixing fuch copy, wrote fair and in a legible hand, to or upon the door or fome other notorious part of fuch adjoining or intermixed houfe or other building which (hall be uninhabited; and in every fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid court ot mayor and aldermen, and to and for the faid court of feflions refpectively,

(as the cafe may be), and they are hereby refpediveiy authorifed and required, upon application to them by the party or parties, fo defirous to rebuild, and upon fuch proof of fuch notice as they (hall deem reafonable, to iffue then* warrant or warrants, preeept or precepts, to the (heriffs of London, or to the (heriff of Vol. XXX.	LI	the

Digitized by VjOOQIC	*

500

AnftO decimo quarto Georgii IJI. G-78/C faj

the faid county of Middlefe*, or (heriff of the Jaidxounty rry, or fheriff or bailiff of the liberty of bis Majcfty's * London, (as the cafe may be), requiring theta'orhim x< ly to impanel acd return a competent number, of ^bftar difinterefied perfons, qualified to ferve on juries. witlxifu fpe&ive diflances to which they are fumaiQqedj not le twenty-four, nor more than thirty-fix; and uqtlqf fuqb J

fo to be impanelled, fummoned, and returned^ ajury 01 perfons (hall be drawn by fome perfon,by. tl^vj(ajd 7cmi*x>f

piayor and aldermen, or court of fcffions re(pe6$VeIy >ppoijttcd, iu fuch manner as juries aredife<5!ed to be draw* fori the tml of iffues joined in his Maiefly's courts of record; an ad, made ih the third year of the reign of bis lite majeftj King George the Second, (intituled. An dfi for thepetur ttitt of jurifs)-9 which pertons fo to be impau^lletj, fuTnnsqoed, and returned, are hereby required to conic fnd appear bdfore the faid court of mayor and aldermen, or b^^ffc thefand 6wrt of fcffions for the faid county of Middlefex, or coup}£ of Syr*#,

________1 1:1____ rrr.a_______n_______________________L:.	1

or city and liberty of JViJlmwfer, or the liberty,of his Majefty s •	ifc	may	be),	at	iucq	timeand place

Jury to determine what proportion of expence (hall be paid by the owners of the adjoining pre-miles.

Tower of London, (as the cafe £$ in fuch warrant or warrants, precept or ptfeepts, (hall ^appointed, and there to attend from day or day^ ui^til discharged by the court; and all parties concerned, fn^Laad mayAare their lawful challenges againft any of the feicLju^r, but (hallnot be at liberty to challenge the array; and thqj^cdur^of mayor and aldermen, and any of the faid courts of feffiqns* for-the faid county of Middlefe x, or Surry, or city and liberty erfj^r/f-minjler, or liberty of the Tower of Londonp ts ^qff arc herrby au-thorifed and impowered, by precept or preceptsfl /roin time to time, as occafion may require, to call before.tlicm tefpe&xvdj all and every perfon and perfons who (hall be thougtaprppcr or neceflary to be examined as a witnefs or witnefTes before tfeein, on oath, concerning the premifes; and either of the fitul courts, if they think fit, (hall and may likewife authorife the &i<| juty to view the place or places in queftion, in fuch minnows they (hall direft, and (hall have power to command fudb jury* ail all fuch witnefles and partis as (hall bqneceifery or prpperto attend, until all fuch affairs for which they are Owmari^dfhall i>e concluded; and the faid jury, upon their as alfo the oaths to perfons called upon to give evidwe,Vfhc faid courts are hereby refpeftively impovyered	to

adminifter), fhall enquire and try, and derer^ineby ^Ue^r jver-ditf, whether the premifes, in any of the cafep	t^gh:

to be rebuilt or not; and if the feme ought to bexcbMnr>nflbil awards and determine the feite of a p^rty^w^jl ,brr^party,£p)l$, and alfo what party-arches may be neceffarV^byqr rooms of fuch houfe or houfes, or other buMdlqgs* J° to be rebuilt, or (ball afeertaiu the quantity/pd or ^ground or other parts of the premifes (if any) necqjjkry ^0 be Japijpor taken from the houie of the perfon or perforis defirq^ r<y rebuild, permitting fuch perfon or peffonseto a pa^yywfj] or

j	.........w pfarty-waJIs,

Anflodetlintf c}tfSrtoX?Et>ROli III. c. 78*	go*

arfy-Wills', party-iutfy or party-arches; and (haH afcertim and (if any) cotnpenfation Yhould be made, and paid^ f ^hir b^irty bfthc faid parties in difference to the othef or tlierSbTthtRn, iri lieu of the leflening either ofthe:.Fai’cFhoiife^ f Wlti/feuilffin£$ by fuch party-waff or party-walls, party-arch r^fty-arches, or ,as a fatisfa£Hoh for fuch other injury (if for occafiofied thereby to any or either cf (ePfild^artWs^, add (half alfo afetrtain and award what proper-hh'b^tlWexpertce of building fuch party-wall or party-walls* or'pirty-arches, (hall, when the fame are fo built,

VtfjJaitT by £ith^r ot any of the parties in jlrfference to the Rrfdrt or perfon^ fd Rebuilding as aforefaid and the fatd court Court to give F rtfa^br irnd aldfcrrtien, and the faid court of feflions tefpe<ftive-t, iKall give judgement according to fuch verdift, as well for	10

eterhiihing the (Ste df fuch intended party-wall oh party-walls, * aft^-aRdi or partv-arches, as aHo for fuch furn or Turns of frio-ey^lf any) lb atfefled by the faid jury, and likewife for fuch roporjipnr of the ekpence of building fuch party-wall or parry-/tfty party-arch or party-arches, fo Found or awarded by the iidjuty, to he repaid to the perfon or perfons who fhafl re-diRror lhail have Rebuilt the fame; and (hall and may (if they award to either of the parties fuch cofts as they ffiafl ^fonablej1'which' verdi<5l or Verdidts, and the jbdge-and judge-lent, order,' dr determination thereupon, (hall be binding and ™c"*t0 ** t^Ibfive aj^girtft all and every perfon and perfons,’1 bodies po- 1,1 in®* idek and corporate, claithinganjeftate, right, title, tfuff, ufe, or ntetfeftir^ to, dr out bf the faid preihifes, or any part thereof, iftiW in pofletflon, feverfion, remainder, or expectancy, as alfo the King's rtioft excellent majefty, liis heirS and foc-elTob, and a^aiuft infants and iffue unborn, perfons in rever-foft or red»aihtler>;lunaticks, idiots, and femes-covert; and per-?ris! under any other legal incapacity or difability, and againft: ll trdfteds and1 tiftuique trufts, his, her, and their fueceffors,	,

ie>r$, executors, and adminiftrators, and againft all other per- Verdi&.&e. Jms 'Whomfoevtf: and all and every the (aid verdidts, judge- to be record-ient$' orders,1 and determinations, and all other proceedings ej* ^ x°*'n f the faid coart of mayor and aldermen and court of feflions, clerk oftlie 3 to made1, ^iven, and pronounced, as aforefaid, (hall be, peace, y the town cfeRk of the city of London, or by the clerk of the eacdfor the ftid county of Afiidltfex or Surrey, or the city and berty of \VefhninHery or the proper officer of the liberty pf the tid itfver 0/ London9 (as the cafe maybe), entered and filed * 6f recortf of the faid tourt where fuch proceedings (hall have le^n hid, (for the <Wtry and filing whereof, and for every order ff Cburti and copy thereof, the (aid town clerk, or clerk of the ijiraW, other proper officer, (hall be paid after the rate of twelve-niricefor every one hundred words, and no more)1* and each if them, ^he faid town clerk* and clerk of the peace, or other propbf oflfcer rCfpedively, is hereby impowered and Required to nake ind deliver to any perfon requiring the fame,' an exem-ilificatiorx, under hfa hand and feal, of any fuch verdid, judge?

L 1 a	ment,

*	Goode

Within fourteen days after judgement, and payment or tender of the money awarded the owner of the intermixed houfe may pull it down j

and alfo may enter the adjoining build, mg in the prefence of a peace officer $

and may remove goods and furniture

Ferfons hindering the workmen, or damaging the work, to forfeit 10I.

, Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. C. 78.	Ef?7*

ment, order, and determination, being paid for the fame atfter the rate of twelvepence for every one hundred words; and every fuch exemplification (hall and may be taken and read as evidence in all courts of law and equity whatever: and aft^r Ae expiration of fourteen days from and after the obtaining fuch judgement, and payment, or tender, in manner herein-a£ef directed, of the fumor Turns of money (ifany) thereby a/feSedoc awarded,or, where no fum of money (nail be fo aflefled or awarded, after the expiration of fourteen days from and after the obtaining fuch judgement, the perfon or perlbns who (hall have applied for, and obtained fuen judgement, his, her* or their heirs, executors, or adminiftrators, fervants, or workmen, (hall and may pull down his, her, or their own houfe or other building, and rebuild the fame, in the manner fo afeertained bj fuch judgement; and to that end (hall and may, in the presence of a conftable or headborough, or other officer of the peace, after the end of fourteen days after fuch judgement order and determination, (hall have been obtained, enter upon the feite of the ground fo afeertained for a party-wall or party-walls, party-arch or party-arches, and into the houfe or other building (if any be) adjoining to the houfe or party-wall or party-walls, ptfrty-arch or party-arches, intended to be rebuilt, at any time between the hours of fix int he morning and feven in the afternoon, ( Sunday: excepted); and if the outer door of fuch houfe orother building be (hut, and the occupier, or any other perfon therein, refufe to open the fame, being thereunto required, or if fuch houfe or other building be empty and unoccupied, (hall and may break open fuch outer door, and remove to fome other part of the fame premifes, or in cafe there be no room on the premites fuffi-cient for that purpofe, to remove to any other place, anv goods, furniture, (helves, or other thing obitru&ing the building of fuch intended party-wall or party-walls, party-arch or party-arches, or the pulling down any wall, partition, or other thing neceflary to be pulled down and removed, in order to the buHd-ing fuch intended party-wall or party-walls,' party-arch or party-arches; and from and after fuch entry as aforefaid, and at all ufual times of working, it (hall be lawful for the builder or builders employed to ereft fuch intended party-wall or party-walls, party-arch or party-arches, and his and their fervants, and all others employed by him or them, to enter into and upon the premifes, and abide therein the ufual times of working, for the (horing up the faid houfe or other building fo broke imo or entered upon, and for taking down andremovjng any party-wall or party-walls, partition, wainfeot, or other thing necef-tary to be taken down and removed for the purpofe aforefaid, and to build fuch intended party-wall or party-walls, party-inch or party-arches: and if any fuch owner or occupier, or other perfon or perfons, (hall in any manner hinder or obflxu£l any workman or workmen employed for any of the purpofes afbre-faid, or wilfully damage or injure the laid works, every fuch owner or occupier, or other periou fo offending, (hall, for ever?

4	fcch

Digitized by L.ooQle

774rl Anno dedmo quarto Georgii III. c.;8.	503

uch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds; to be le-ied, recovered, and applied, as the fcveral penalties of ten ounds "herein-after mentioned are direfted to be levied, reco-cred, and applied,.

XXXIV,	Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enafted, Builder* to be That within ten days after fuch party-wall or party-walls, par- r*P*id apa^ y-?rch or party-arches, (hall be fo built, the perfon or perfons acco^jin^to vho j[ha|l have rebuilt the fame, his, her, or their executors, the verdict, dininiftrators, or afligns, (hall leave a true account in writing f the expence of building the fame with the party or parties fo warded by the jury as atorefaid, to contribute to the expence hereof, or at his, her, or their laft or ufual place of abode;

>r, in cafe fuch party or parties be under coverture, to her or heir refpeffive hulbands; or if infants, idiots, or lunaticks, hen to their refpeftive guardians, truftees, or committees; or n the cafe of any body corporate being fo awarded to contri->ute as aforefaid, then to the mayor or other officer of fuch orporation; who (hall pay to the perfon or perfons who (hall lave rebuilt fuch party-wall or party-walls, party-arch or party-re hes as aforefaid, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators,

\r afligns, the proportion of the expence of building the fame o awarded by the faid jury as aforefaid, within twenty-one days fter demand thereof; or, in cafe the fame be not fo paid, it -hall be lawful for the tenant or occupier of the houfe or buil-ling fo chargeable therewith to pay the fame, and to de-luct the money fo paid out of the next rent which (hall become lue to* the owner or owners of fuch houfe or building; or thp a me may be recovered from the party or parties fo awarded to >ay the lame by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in ny of his Majefties courts of record at	with	double

:ofts of fuit.

XXXV % Provided always, and it is hereby further eqafted, Court of That a!) the powers and authorities by this aft vefted in the court ^ay°r andal->f mayor and aldermen of the city of London, may be lawfully ex- in*the :rcifed by the court of mayor and aldermen of the faid city, to outcrchambec >e holden in the outer chamber of the guildhall of the faid city, of guildhall* iccording to the cuftom of the faid city.

XXXVI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the Seflions for mthprity aforefaid. That upon every application to the general Surrey to be quarter feflions of the peace for the faid county of Surrey, for or g0,dfn atk ronccrning any matter to be by fuch quarter-feffions ordered, ou* wa£jc* lirefted, or done, in purfuance of this aft, the jury (if any) to :>e impanelled, and> all parties required to attend the quarter-* cflions for the faid county, purfuant to fuch application, (hall .

)e impanelled and required to attend at fomc general or fpecial tdjournment of the faid quarter feffions, within fix weeks next af-er fuch application; which faid adjournment (hali be to fomc :onyetiient place in the Borough of Southwark, in the faid coun-* y, to be appointed by the juftices in the faid feffions; and that,

Tom time to time, every further meeting of the faid feffions, for iny thing to be done upon fuch application, (hall be appointed

L 1 a	at.

'YUe-

default, and alfo aay wit-nef* making default.

5°4	Artm> dccimo	a

at, or within fhe (pace of three wedbsttimiK>ti)erihrfl mcei^p; which adjournment and tfd^ammenm tho ju<bti^<3£ tte^peaoe for the faid county of tiitfr*})	>af? ehfcdft^farelK&hy

,j impoweredand required fd make and houiy 66m ti^^oOSne, ??d-^ * v as there (hall be oCcafiott. * -n < .x.z:	^ r < ■ v-" r'vr:-4

«	* XXXVH; A rift be fuHher enabled f>yAe Authority jtfoswfod,

or un^r^e. That it fhallondnaaybe lawful to and tor the faad caortof riff making * mayor add aldermen> and to^ind for any or eitherufthrdixt-' faid courts of feflions, (as the cafe may bc),>andthcy*eehfi*cfcy Imp6w<ered:i^ny* required, from time to rime^ eo -impcWfeacy reafdhabk fine or fines on any of the faid (heriffsor iHerifF* xr their or his* deputy or deputies, making default 1ft therffcrcbzifcs, and orl iny of the pcrfons who1 (haii be fumtnonedafidiieturo-ed on fuch jury, and (hall not appear at the timrand p^aoeiin fuch fummons fpecified, or, appearings (hallarfofcrto^bcdfwarr on fuch jury, or to give his or their vapdaftycir in hqr mnflc wilfully negle&ing his dr tHcirduty therein* contrary tp: thb tnr intent and meaning of thiskft ; and on icy oftht/perfereliif-Ing notice to attend to give evidence touchi^thcrlpxciijffea, toko fhall not attend, or attending (hall refufe tobefwqrn^^wrmo-ed, and give evidence t and irom nmc to time, rn idefaufe-ot payment thereof on demand, t6 levy fuch rfiwepfl fines:in foch manner as other fines fet by the faid courts rfc^e^ritly haac been ufually levied ; fo that no fine fhail ’cxcbedjthc fOnTrof A® bounds upon any one perfonfor anyone ofonccarid -ftphdite or fines,1 whfn foTeoerved, or leviea and recoarfciod, jhiHrhawp-plied to and for tHc ofe of theperfbnor peiib»sifa>ipplymg*to the (aid court of mayor and afdenpen^ or to the faid 9600*1* ’fdfions, (as the cafe may be), and to andcfopaa othen ufe^or puVpofe whutfoever; and if ftich perfon or perfttoss bavenoritt to attend and give evidence as aforefiid, fhallHnot^ ^fctcqdaod give evidence accordingly, having had ten ddys pi’evicaMfcis aobc: in writing thereof under the hands of the. pdrt^dii ^diofdbehalf fuch evidence (hall be wanted, his .guardian; itruftck, /»»« mittee, attorney, or agent, and hahngbecrxitBridfredfhb Ksnoe-able charges and expences for fuch attendance, hie, Sbji>oc tbcjr, fo neglecting or refgfing to give (evidence, fliall be liable to an aftion on the cafe, to be brbught tfgainfi!	tptm

refpe&ivcly by the party or partitionwhofq behalf Anyfftkh notice to attend as afore&id (hall have been given j. 4ntwfaieb the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall recover theifdamages QccafiwKd by fuch nonattendance, with full cofts of fuit"; and. font* and no other juftification or excufo Stall be allowed fo; nonatt&odaner, as is by law allowable for the nonattei>danee.of< ydtnefie*l^aBy fummoned to appear and give evidence on*{ratei rf.iffues jduid In any, of his Majefty^s courts of record at fftylmnfitrx pcevif ed, the court where fuch whnefi dr wrtneficS (hall flppc&r^iHv ’ f if they (hall think fit) order fuch fufthe^fum fuch witnefs or witnefles refpeflively, for thefe\fittcitf anc* on fuch courts refpedlively, as to them (R*J1 fcem rbafonable, ia ' proportion to the time (itch witnefs or Witnefles (hall attend;

and

Digitized by

Google

3

yfljCf) Anno	GrbrOIiHI,	305

pqDdthmh trilneffc oriwMrRdfe ^liH*c<>bfr compelled to giwe evi-^ImxpiDl^-w^^orcfhjfurflscrrfamToriithBs^ ^y'itnyJ, as (hali bc Cj faWenidji<h?ttibp»fi/towthoa»i-efpe<SjiVcly> •»:'• --	-.

;^>nXiXiKyili.rofof	ipkattabit maydoappen.paniy-wolls.on.par- Old	party-

ty-arches, or party	fence-walls,built or tobe built within the-limits ***“ **^ P*r~

Jrfakcfaid, mapthudtfin£irvri WTforfar-,Ottt- tf repair	»*	*hft»«lteayed,

fewocjfbry	udipuli dawk tmd rebuild <fbe- f»- or font* pert tfr. parts	bt telmilt,

-ndhanfy'cb'xcdlluAao batb triekhtr<«f*lv adjoiuingjjt^sior-other drkiidtkgr	mpr I hot teqUire	to bt	rebuilt,. as when ike fold or , ‘

iuctldingtyur one ef sbem^ may require .to be rebuilt; be it «na<3$d by rteTlwhorit^affflrtfald, Tbatdrom and after the fakl twenty-ftburtbdpybf fyudei tv'eryowotrof any boufc or building within •hB imthtfiafbrcfardt'r wlKr'fhair think u necef&ry to repair, pull doww( of-rebuild amy. party-wall or party fence-wall, or any ^parrtorclparts tharfbf,1 between anyfuch houfe or building, or tkr gtoond thereto adjoining, and the,next) adjoining houfe or hroildibgy or rheogcound thereto adjoining, (hall (in cafe the -wwheroT oyvnersof (uch adjoiningbouie, building, or giound, wliii jroty or by reafon of any legal difability or otherwile, can-noragvee,'touching' the repairings or .pulling down or rebuild-'sngv«he>fame)<giverthcee. months notice in writing to the own- theproprietors te»,, if he is known, find can be met with, or if fuch owner or piling down owhdsbeundtr-coverture, to her tor their hufbands refpe&ive- wjiuor'party-ly, or if uudet th© difability of infancy, idiocy, or lunacy, to lrcj,*» gUing the : guardian or - guardians, iruftcc or truftecs, committee or tiree month* qomdiittebs, of-fooh- infant, idiot, orlunatick refpeftively, or notice, otherwise to the occupier of fuch adjoining houfe, building, or • grotmds of fuefe hes or her intention to repair, or pulldown,

'<uoh> party-wall, party-arch, or party fence-wall, or any part -stoereof, by delivering a copy of fuch notice to fitch owner or 1 oeebpier f or other per loci or perfons as aforefaid, or by leaving the hate at'his, hers or their iaftor ufual place of abode, or, if - fdeb adjoining houfe or building be unoccupied, by fixing a copy of fuch .notioe on the door of fuch la(t-mentioned houfe or tarilding; which notice (hall be in the form or to the effedt ’following i

I f

nA PP RE HEN DING the party-wall, party-arcb., or The form of ''Jt\,rfence-woll, or fome part thereof, (as the cafe IhaU be), be- g,ving notice. '■tidtiH the houfe or building, or ground (as the cafe (haU be), theme# adjoining^ fituatt	inhabited

^triompiodby < • : >	.

■o*sPkddi*tg, or ground (as the caffe (hall be) aejjoining thereto, to ■ I#	ft farour of repair not forrader it	ntctffir to repair or pull down

antbtebuild thefineee\ ms feme part	thereof:Jake notice, that I intend

■, what? tbtfmdpvrtywdii, party areby or party fthce-woll,(as the cafet<hgHcbfe)s	fttrUeytd,puefteantto	ana of parliament made-in

the fourteenth year of the- reign of King Goorge the	that

Ibavtdppvintetb

1.31 rrmi



lyp!‘

J iin:' • /• :o

*7

L 1 4

and

my. farveyorr; tb meet (being aiibnae place withiq the

the limits aforefaid,) on my behalf* tm4be> j da)r*f, • next, at	of the dock in the <;afi	tbefemm:

(being between the hours of fix m thd morning atwifoLim afterndon 5) and! do hereby require and. eailbpcm you triepppntn other Jurveyors or able workmen on your pnrts UimeetJkmctm time and plau aforefaid* to view the /aid party-a&rily tpartj^nA^m party fence-wall* (as»the cafe fhajl be), add i^^t^itkefatud condition thereof9 and whether the famey or any pare thereof* «£ . to be repaired or ptUled doom and rebuilt. Datcdthu . day of

Surveyors to be appointed, to view party* walls and par ty-arches.

If tl>e major part of the lurveyori do not certify within one month, another furveyor to be named by a juftice.

And every fuch owner, if he is known, and caohe mtttki, or in cafe fuch owner be under any xtifabibry^ as afescfari; then fach pcrfon or pevfon9, as aforefaid, to wbom fork dock fhall be fo given, or otherwife the occupier to whom foci ns-tice fhall be fo given, fhall appoint two furveyors or atirrat-men to meet at the time and place in facb noticemenhesfi; and they, together with the two Purveyors or workmen mod by the party giving fuch notice, and whofe names fhall k a-prefled in fuch notice, may view fuch party-waU, .pnty«*k, or party fence-wall, and certify the ftate and cooditnn ttafa, and whether the fime,' or any part thereof, /ought tokrt-paired, or pulled down and rebuik 5 and fuch furveyors, Arci-festively named, as aforefaid, or, in cafe theowneroroccsps of fuch adjoining houfe or building, or foch other peribni, a aforefaid, having notice, as aforefaid, fhall Jcfufe or ncfkdio name fuch two furveyors or able workmen, according toka notice, then the two furveyors or workmen named in fuck notice, together with two other furveyors or able workmen, ifao to be named by the party giving fuch notice as aforefaid, M and may, within fix days after the time appointed in factor tice, vifew the party-wall, party-arch, hr party fence-wall, intended to be repaired or pulled down; and fhaH certify, ia wiling, under their hands, to the laid court of mayor and aldermen, or to the faid juftices of the peace in their next general 0 quarter feffions of the peace refpe&ively, (as the cafe may be), the ftate and condition of fuch party-wall, party-arch, or pry fence-wall, and whether the fame, or any part thereof, crafto to be repaired, or pulled down and rebuilt: and in cafe dtefin-for part of the furveyors or workmen, appointed in anoaeri-torefaid to view fuch party-wall, partyrarch, or party fenoe-svak, To intended to be repaired, or pulled down, fhall not, wiriuotk fpace of one month next after fuch appointment, fign fach certificate in writing; then, and m every fuch cafe, it (bxUioi may be lawful to and for any one or more of his Majdfys ja-tices of the peace for the fed city of London* or county eiM± dlefex or Surrey* or city,and liberty of Wtjhninfter* orhbw^cf his Majefty’s Tower of London, (as the dtfc ihall be), and fuch one or more juftice or juftices is and are hereby:za&Qcifodjd required, upon application to him or them for that purpofa by the party giving fuch notice, as aforefaid, to name and tppo\k

one

Digitized by

Google

1774*}.	Anno.daoitaio quarto Geoagii III. a 78.	507

one other ableiurveyor or worl^nfian to be added to the furveyors or workmen, appointed as aforefaid; and ail the faid furveyors orworkmeofo appointed, or the major part of them, fhall meet for that purpofe, (fix.days notice having been given to or left at thc^dwrlling^houfe of each and every of them of fuch intended meeting), and (hall view the party-wall, party-arch, or party fence-wall, fo propofed to be repaired or*pulled down : apd, in Wall* being pafe the major part offuch furveyors or workmen, appointed in the^urve^ manner aforefaid, (hull certify, in writing under their hands; [o^rumou* that the party-wall, party-arch, or party fence-wail, deferibed a copy of ihe* in fuch notice, or any part thereof, is .decayed and ruinous, or certificate to i$ not fufikiently fecure againft fire, if any fhouldhappen, that the feme ought to be repaired or pulled down; then within &c. In Three three days next after fuch certificate made by fuch major part of days, the faid furveyors or workmen, as aforefaid, a copy thereof (hall be delivered to the owner or occupier, owners or occupiers of, or left at fqch adjoining houfe or building, or fixed on the door {hereof, in cafe the fame be unoccupied j and fuch certificate (hall be immediately filed with the clerk of the peace in the city,

County,^ or liberty where fuch wall or arch is fituate, paying fuch clerk one (hilling for filing thereof, and no more: and fuch Ownersthink-laft-mentioned owner or occupier, owners or occupiers, fhall wgthemfdvea and may, (if he, (he, or they, think fit), appeal from or againft ^pcaVfo the* fuch certificate to the next general or quattcr feflions to be hold- general qu*r-en for the city, county, or place, (as the cafe may be); and ter tedious * the juftices, at thefaid general or quarter feflions, to which fuch appeals fhall be made, fhall fummon before them one or more of fuch Purveyors or workmen, and fuch other perfon or perfons as they think fit, and fhall examine the matter upon oath, which path or oaths they are hereby impowered to adminifter; and upon fuch examination or examinations, the faid jufticcs are hereby authorised and required to make fuch order or orders in the pre-miles as they in their diferetions (hall think to be juft and rea-fonable; which order or orders (haHbe entered and filed of record by the clerk of the peace for the city, county, or place, (as the cafe may be), in like manner as the judgements of any court of feflions concerning intermixed property are herein-before directed to be entered and fifed of record ; and the determination whofe deter-pf thefeid juftices (hall be final and conclufive to all parties, mination fhall without any appeal from the fame: and, on default of appeal- bc filing to fuch next general or quarter feflions, as aforefaid ; or if, Pov*Tr*.°* upon any appeal, there be no order made to the contrary; then, tending to re-andin every fuch cafe, and not otherwife, it fhall be lawful for pair, See. in the party intending to repair, or pull down and rebuild, fuch default of party-wall, party-arch, or party fence-wall, as aforefaid, after aPPca** the expiration erf fourteen days after delivering or leaving the copy of fetch certificate, as aforefaid; or after the determination of fuch appeal, as aforefaid, to caufe fuch party-wall, party-arch, or party fence-wall, or any parts thereof, to be repaired or puiled down, and "to have and exercife tl>c like power of entry into or upon the adjoining houfe or houfes, building or

buildings.

Digitized by Google

503	Anno dfccihno qtfario Geoxgti I!l.oc; )f8. 1^774-

buildings, or of breaking open'the (aide, in the prOfened bf* peace officer, in cafe the fame be unoccupied^ or i>e?1%ftbdto be opened, and of removing wsinfcor, (helves, furrikurd,/ard other things, and of fhoring up the feid1 adjoining fioofctJr houfes, building or buildings, as is given or allowed lot heronry ers of intermixed houfes or buildings in^d.by thft* *£k * and (hall and may eretft and build a new party .watt or party^wv&c, party-arch or party arches, or any parr or pmy thereof, of^ick materials, and of fuch thiclcnefs and height, and jrifocbxnaraer, and fubjed to fuch reftridions and direitionv ±smr va arfctby this ad preferibed.	^

XXXIX. And whereas ftveral old houfes And other braidings tf the firft% fecond, end third rate or clafs of building within the kmrt; aforefaid, have, injlead of party-walls of the refpeflive thfrbmffi herein before dire Red for the fame, between fuih houfes or at bet smiting s and the adjoining houfes or buildings, party-waits, nut btutfof greater thicknefs than one brick and an half in krigfki or thirteen inches, from the foundation to the ground floor thereof, or tbtXme brick in length, or eight inches and an half from thence tv rAecoprtg thereof: and whereas difputes may arife concerning tbefirtlikgdo&f fc fuch old party-wells, and concerning the building pdrtf-waftf a£r*t-able to the rules and directions herein contained, in the plate entjfltad of fuch old party-walls, whenever the owner or ofaners afinyer either of the houfes or buildings adjoining to any fuih ptirtf*w#tt4*&i be defer ous to rebuild any fuch houfe, er rehtriidany fath boufle at building of the fir ft, fecond, or third fate or clafs of buildings at fobbed thereof as may fubjeli the fame, or the party- walls thereto; to dbe rwti; Of id regulations contained in this alt \ be it enadedby theaotbOribr pwneri of aforefaid, Thar if the owner or owners of anyhoufe or Iktil&frg hguittot the Qf the firft, fecond, or third rate or clafi of building* td wbkh andVbWdLft an7	Party-waM	belongs,	fhall be definour of potlkig

fhall give three down and rebuilding fuch houfe or building, or fo much thereof, niontns notice as aforefaid, and of fuch his, her, or their defire (halt givethr* in writing be- months notice, in writing, to the owner or owners. Occupier dr tore pulhng 0CCupiers, of the next adjoining houfe or bujlding, of his, htf, ty° waiu. paF or t^ie,r intention, in three months from the date thereof, to J *	*	pull down fuch party-wall, and in ftead thcrcof,tobirtW a

party-wall agreeable to this ad of parliament * ther^artd in fhtt tafe, from and after the expiration of the three months ^xpreffid in fuch notice, it (hall be lawful for the owner of fach houfe er 4 building, fo intended to be rebuilt, to pull down the faid pirty-wall, and to have and exercife the like power of entering itifo and upon the (aid adjoining houfe or building, of of breaking open the fame, in the prefence of a peace officer, in cafe the fame be unoccupied, or be refufed to be opened, and of removing any wainfeot, (helves, furniture, or other things, amfi of ihoring up the faid adjoining houfe or building, as by this is given and allowed to the owners of intermixed houfes ofr build-' ings * and (ha)) and may, in the place and Head of erfciy* IbchlfeM parry-wall, build a titm party-wall, of fuch mattt iafr, *hlcfcttdft,

J	Ut\'	4.	1

Digitized by v^ooQle

1774-1 Anoo dfctinto quarto Georoii III. oc- ?8.	^09

md height* andiin fuch manner, and fubjedt to fuch reftridiona fcnld>direftionsy a^.are in and bt this ad prefcribed. .

Xh. And whereas feveral old hoafes, or other buildikgy within be Smite irtfaii$ have, infieodof a party-wail between fitch houfe rather iuSdhffi br between fitch boufes or other buildings and the wfeybr. other bbiUings and ground adjoining thereto, ear timber or tiwd partition., 6b two old timber or wood partitions, with	without

rich Hogging yin one or more of the Jlories thereof, one belonging tp.

%cb houfear other building: and whereas difputes may-arifi concern^ ng the putting doym fireh partitionand the ivall or wans under or ver the fame, if any fuch there be, and concerning thr btiihi\rrg party-vails, agreeable to the rules and directions herein ^tontaitiei, id the 4ace and fUad of fiub partition or feme, whenever it may be expedient to rebuild any fuch houfe cr building, cr fo much thereof as may ubjefl the fame, and tie partitions abutting on the fame, to the rules nd regulations contained in thl\ aft; be itenaded by the aathori-y aforefeid,That if the owner or owners of any houfe or build- hoLre»na^nff ng to which any fuch timber or wood partition or partitions, or p«rtitions ot wooden fence belongs, fhali be defirous of pulling down and wood, may ebuHding fuch houfe or building, or fo much thereof as afore- g»vc thr«* . aid* and of fuch his, her, or their defire, (hall give three *nonths not’ce

.i	-	.	0	.to	owners	ot

nomhs notice ta the owner or owners, occupier or occupiers, adjoining

>f the next adjoining houfe or building, of his, her, or their in* hour* of their

ention to puil down fuch timber or wood partition or partitions defign 10 pull

ftef the end of three months after the date of fuch notice, and do^mtefarae,

nftead thereof to build a party-wall or party-walls, agreeable to *c*

his aid of parliament; then, and in that cafe, from and after and afterwards

he ^xpiratBon df tbe three months expretTed in fuch notice, it	MrTu

halt be lawful for the owner of foch houfe or building fo to be tions,remove~

eboilti'to pulldown the faid partition or partitions, and the wall furniture. See.

*wall$ under of over the fame, if any fuch there be, and the 38 before di-

lid wooden fence or fences, and to have and excrcife the like re^cd*

ower of entry into and upon the faid adjoining houfe or build -

fig and ground,or of breaking open the fame in the prefence of

peace officer, in cafe the feme be unoccupied, or be refufed to »e opened, and of removing any wainfeot, (helves, furniture, or fbbr things, and of (boring up the faid adjoining houfe or wilding, as by this a# is given and allowed to the owners of fitermncfedhoufcs or buildihgs; and (hall and may, in the place nd: (lead'of fuch partition or partitions, and of the wall or walls odqr or over the feme, if any fuch there be, or of fuch wooden price or fences, build a new party-wall or party-walls, of fuch naterials, thfcknefs, and height, and in fuch manner, and fub-rrff to fuch reftriftions and directions, as are in and by this art rrefeiibod. .	__

LXI. And he it further ena&cd by the authority afbrefaid,

?hat>ithe peffon or perfons, at whofe expence afty party-wall burfedpartof r pUrty-arch (hall be built agreeably to the direCliom of this their expence,

ihaMrb* reimburfed by the owner or owners who (hall be and in *hat Kitted fo the improved fcftt of the adjoining budding or ground, ^ haieb’uilt od who fhali, at any time, tnake life of fuch party-wall or faKi partitions

party-or party-walls.

Digitized by

Google

party-arch, a part of the expence jof bwMipg thfc &ipe. iatk proportion after- mentioned; that <i$ ]tq fey* building then ere&ed, or afterwards tpt be	tffe

fame rate or dafs of building as, or fgperior tq, ^hH^dic^ longing to the perfon or perlons at wfepfe wall was built, then the owner or occupier nf fuch a^joaij building or ground (hall pay one moiety of the expense of Uu-ing fo much of the faid party*wall or party^affch as fuckww or occupier (hall make ufe of; and if the adjoining buildiogici ereded, or afterwards to be erefted, be of an inferior race^rdn of building, then the owner or occupier of luch adjoiningbu& % ing or ground (hall pay a fujn of money equal onen^iuja }he expence of building a party* wall or party-arch of thethid-pefs by this ad required for the rate or clals of bpilding nhocc fuch adjoining building (hall be, and of the height andbrdi of fo much of the faid party-wall pr party-arch as fucbewc Until payment pr occupier (hall make ufp of: and, ip the mean tifx&aad» theCproperty til fuch moiety or other proportional part o( the cxprsae of the party- building fuch party-wall or party-arch be fo paid* the ihltp walh,&c. veft- perty of fuch whole party-wall or partyTarch, and of thciWc ed m the	ground whereon the laid party-wall (hall (land, (b^ll

Ul cr#	entirely in the perfon or perfons at whofe expence tbc tanxAd

When a pro- be built: and fuch moiety, or other proportional part of o: P0*1*?”41 P*rt expence of building fuch party-wall or party-arch ft# be * uo epaid. paid to the perfon or perfons at whofe expepce the fepae

puilt, or in whom thp property thereof (hall be veiled V ibetia^ berein-after mentioned 5 that is to fay, In refpeft qf every ki party-wall to any houfe or building whprcuntq, at ibetMwe; building the fame, no other houfe or building was adjoin*^ foon as fuch party-wall (hall be firft cut inm qr op4e uka’i and in refpe&of every fuch party-wall or party-arch asflulik built againd, or adjoining to, any other houfe pr building, & foon as fuch party-wall or party-arch (hall be completely h| and finifhed : and in refpedt of fuch lad-mentioned party-*| or party-arch, the owner or occupier of fuch adjoinrog bodtp building (hall, together with fuch proportional paf* pf the ex-pence of building fuch party-wall or party-ar^h* alfepayate proportional part of all other expenses which (hall be to the pulling down the old party-wall, or timber or vxeodp* tition, and the whole of all the reafpnable expenses of (hoi'w f fuch adjoining houfe or building, and of removing furniture, or other things, and of pulling down any wokUf partition, and alfo all fuch cods, if any, as may have been*wi*$ cd by the faid court of mayor and aldermen, or copit of as aforefaid; but not any part of the expence of pulling and clearing away any Inch old party-wall or party-axcb,orfi» partition, it any fuch there was; and it is hereby dir^ledKtw^ expense of building fuch party-wall or party-^ch ftiall m^ted after the r^te of feven pounds fifteen (hillings for the new brick-work, deducting thereout after the rate d

twenty-eight ftvllings by the rod for the materials (if aof)01*

ow

Rates for

building of party-walls.

Digitized by LjOOQle

r74-*l Afeno decimo quarto GboKgii III. c.78.	511

trcli of the old wall ot arch as did bclopg to fuch adjoining ilding or ground, and alfo after the rate of two-pence by the Uieal foot for the materials (if any) of fo much of the old rfber partition as did belong to fuch adjoining building or otfrul: and that within ten days after fuch party-wall or party± Tcn days af-ch fhall be fo built, or fo foon after as conveniently may be, IJ^fhedae ch firft builder or builders (hall leave, at fuch adjoining houfc account to be l>u ilding, a true account, in writing, of the number of rods in left with the cK party-wall or patty-arch for which the owner or owners of ?^n.cr °[ *d-cH adjoining building or ground (hall be liable to pay, and of l^^hat he" te* dedu&ion which fuch owner or owners (hall be intitled to wlubletopaf. ake thereout, on account of fuch materials, and alfo an ac-)unt of fuch other expences and cofts as aforefaid; whereupon fhall be lawful for the tenant or occupier of fuch adjoining uilding or ground to pay one moiety, or fuch proportional part,

; aforefaid, to fuch firft builder or builders for the fame, and fo for (boring and fupporting fuch adjoining building as aforer lid, and for all fuch other expences as are herein-before dire<fted > be paid by the owner or owners of fuch adjoining building or round, and to deduct the fame out of the rent which (hall be-ome due from him or her to fuch owner or owners, under nhom he or (he holds the fame refpeclively, until he or (he (hall e reimburfed the fame: and in cafe the fame be not paid with- H°w exp«nce n twenty-one days next after demand thereof, then the fame	rcco~

hall and may be recovered, together with full cofts of fuit, of nd from fuch owner or owners, by action of debt, or on the afe, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVeJlminfier 5 vherein no efToin, protection, or wager of law, or more than One mparlance, (hall be allowed: and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs, in If the plaintiff iny fuch action, (hall, three calendar months at the le^ft before	*

he commencement thereof, give notice in writing to the perfon jjjontbsnotice, >r perfons againft whom fuch a&ion is intended to be brought,

>f his, her, or their intention to bring the fame, or leave the ame at his, her, or their laft or ufu'al place of abode, and (hall n fuch notice fpccify the fum for which it is to be brought, and ilfo annex to (uch notice a bill of the juft and true particulars )f the expences and charges with which the intended defendant or defendants is or are to be charged 5 then fuch plaintiff or and recovers plaintiffs, if fie, (he, or they, recover the full fum fpecified io J^sa^oI£e fuch notice, (hall alfo recover and be intitled to double cofts of j,*;. fuit, and (hall have and be intitled to the like remedies for reco- tied to double very thereof, as are ufually given for cofts in other cafes of cofts cofts, at law.

XLII. And be it further enailed by the authority aforefaid.

That every party-wall hereafter to be built, and every addition which (hall be made thereto, or to any party-wall which is aU ar* ^q^d** Teady built or begun, lhail be built agreeable to the directions for the higheft herein contained concerning the party-wall of the higheft rate rate of■ builder clafs of building to which fuch party-wall fhallradjoin, when in£ adjoining, fuch additions are completed; and that no party-wall now and not to be built, or hereafter to be built, (hall, after the fame and the build- lhic^

ings *

Digitized by L.ooQle

If the owner of the other fide make life ot it, he mult contribute to tue expence.

511	Anno	decimo	quanto 6eoi$g«i f f U->

ings idjoirtingr thereto i& ^ the femfc when raiffcd be of the ftill thickbffls fcftti of hrthe ftbtV next under thte roof of mg1; borlhall'^rly pafry-vVnll'hefeaft^r bb can be dorte With fiafety 10 fudV^ adjoining thdrfeto; butattfdChpdrty^atfd^0^^ be of rha fciatdrisls* heights^ anrf1 thickh^s^Wfcili^S&xeir-and maybe quired, or as can be fofely^riaifcd^

raifed by the • or (baft^of Xlfe chimrtie$ belonging tfoerettf;] BferiiHWtyltedtt ?T“crofohc the ^MpCItce of the proprietor or ocCit^f	bftiWrtg,

1 ?'	which	the frrrit belong, to hny height tie,’ flit, of Hiefjfti?

think proper \ but if the proprietor of occupier if ifoV bt^; adjoining to the faid pdrty-*all ahd chlmdey fhate,;ml!I flidi life of ariy pdrt of fuch party-wall and diirfiniy.fNaft^ dtheftka the ufe he makes of the Chimneyfhiesthefrdh, ^ raifed, then (bch perfon fo making ufe thereofifd* the^partft (hall be Chargeable with a proportionable (hire of rte orp«f of railing fuch parry-wall and chimney (Hafts V andMftiddrhjwtr; fuch charge the fame (hall be rated Iri maOrtet betri&bcfcr? mentioned, and the proportion fuch perfan (hall befiaWctop (hall be recovered in fuch manner as is herein -before plftidkiy declared concerning the firft building of a patty-WafU. : XLIII. Provided always, That any party-built, or hereafter to be built* may be raffedIfy ifrdsft theerpoC ^ ^ ^ of the proprietor or occupier of the ground Oh flitter We1^ fideibutpotto joining thereto; but no party fence-wall (hialT)herea)ftefWW be uled as a upon, or againft, or ufed as a party-wall, uhltfs'tfteTaftebtf* party-wall un- the materials, height, and thifcknefe, herdn-befefedirtQedftf

thickn^h <&c!t Party-waN*> to t,ie rate °r of building '6*1$ be thM OwnerVf one againft or upon the fame: and in cafe of the ihTttflfieieneyef fc$ fide may take wall for the purpofes afbrefaid, or if inftead of fach pjlrtylbfr down a party wall there be only a wooden fence, the proprietor Or oecupiertf either of the adjoining premifes fhall be at Hbfcrty^at Wsow expencc, to take down fuch wall or fence, and erefl i rieniptrtt-wall in lieu thereof, making good every damage tbfcfofy sftrs to the adjoining premifes bv fuch rebuilding, To nfevertttkfts that fuch nevV parry-wall fhall not extehd on the furfacebfM adjoining ground more than feven inches bdyond the centre Sat of fuch party fence-wall or fence ; but ho prbprietor or occa-pier of fuch adjoining premifes (hall make ufe of fiicb party*!?, otherwife than as a party fence-wall, imleft he, (he, Of they, pn a proportionable fhare of the whole expence of cteftibg fbefi parts of fuch wall, according to the ufe he, file, orthrij Hid ttitokeof the farrVe, at the rates rfwefaid. y "* 15 ’*' XLIV. Provided alfb, That in cafe any (belt extend further upon the ground of the party r^htofifodon t*>an the Party ^nce -ffalhdid, j'et the party k^ebUiI(Rhg‘#6rr{ accouat of fhall not thereby lofe any-part of the foil: Whereon fodft putt* party-wall not waH (hart be built; nor fhall the owner dr	ctf iHrofle

being half on part 0f fuch party-wall daiirt, or be in titled ffej'ahy ridhtrof fo-eadi ground. morc thanrwhat he was before entitled to/'

XLV. Ad

Party fence-walls may be railed by the owner of one

fence-wall, and build a party-wall.

If the owner of the other iide ufe* it other than at a party fence-wall, he muft contribute to the expence.

Firft builder

Digitized by

Google

Awtodaeimo qaartd GsdRGIl 111. C.	?8.	513

JllvVi, And be itena&ed by tfae authority aforefaid, That if if the fore and Ijq fare-front end baok^front of any building now built, (haJJ, backfrontsare (tec the find twenty ^fo^rth day of Jut#, be rebuilt as low as *he jr$<fammes br ppe paipofAairs floon< within the fpace of yeiri^tbu is ear^frotn each; other, the party-walls of every fuch building deemed a re-hall, from thenceforth, be in all refpeds fubje& to the feverai building. egu^Hpws h^rci nr before contained concerning the party- walk f hopfes to bf built after the feid twenty-fourth day of June:

prevention of fire,, the back of every chim- Thicknefs of tp, be built file faid.twenty-fourth day oSJune* in any backs of cbim. lining of the,fir# rate'or clafs of budding, not being in a par- p^y.wJiu. y^wall,i (hall be in the cellar ftory at Jeaft thirteen inches thick K 1 reptile hea'fivto the height of twelve inches above the man* tested (hall fit at lead eight inchesand an half thick from the , tpartli to the height of twelve inches above the mantle in every •filer ftory, except where any fuch chimney (hall be built againft wa|), in wtofoh pale the back of every fuch chimney, from the learjk to the height of, twelve inches above the mantle, may be lalfa brick thinner: and that the back of every chimney here-fter %f> be built in-any Wilding of the fecond, third, or fourth ate pr ejafs of building, not being in a party-wall, tha.l be in very dory at lead eight inches and an half thick, from the hearth

0	file height oft twelve inches above the mantle, except where ny fuch chimney (hall be built againft a wall, in which cafe the nek of every inch chimney from the hearth to the height of ■ wfive inches aboye the mantle may be half a brick thinner:

nd tbat th?re (hall be no timber whatever over the op^n- Bread of ng of any chin^ncy, to be built after the time aforefaid, for tup-	^t-

orting the bread of fuch chimney; but there (hall be an arch cd by timber-if brick or done, or an iron bar or bars over the opening of every ach chimney* to fopport the bread thereof: and that no timber Timber under hall, after the fajd time, be laid in ^ny wall under the hearth of InuftWis" ny chimney thereafter to be built, uulefs the fame dial! be in jn ^ jovver/ very part thereof which (hall lie under fuch hearth eighteen aches at the lead lower than the furfajee of fuch hearth ; and Hearth mult bat the hearth of every chimney, to be built after the time afore.- [,e laJd °" aid, (hall be laid wholly on brick or done, except the fame be orlon^ihC0ne,

1	a efijar or ground dory, and be laid and bedded on the folid ground.

3tth; and every fuch chimney (hall have a flab or flabs, or slabs-before 3ot paces before the fame, of tile, done, marble, or iron, at hsaefb^ arid 3 ft eighteen inches brosfa, and at lead one foot longer than thp peningiof every fuch chimney when finidied; and fuch flab or thrm: labs, 9r foot paces, (hall be laid on brick or done trimmers, at ’

?ad eighteen inches broad from the opening of fuch; chimney, r from, the perpendicular face of the arch ov^r tjhe opening diich fupports the bread of fuch chiipney ; exceptnhe fameb« i a cellar or ground floor, and be laid and bedded on the folid acth,: and that no timber or wood-work whatever (hall be, laid Hfo timber in' i thibfick-workof any oven, dove, copper, dill,, boiler, or tbcbr;ek-«;ofk umaqe, lo be built after the faid twenty-fourth day of	C,°**

lor within two feet of the infide of any fuch oven,- fiove, ogp- p *" *' v

per,

Digitized by t^ooQle

Diftance of timber laid in thebrick-work of cbimnies, ftove*, 6cc.

Wood-work on the front of chimnies to be fixed by iron naiU.

Mo chimney to be erettedj on timber.

Materials of external walls.

Safh- frames and door* frarnt* to be in reveals.

Story polls and brrftjrn-luers to be hut two inches in party walls.

Anno dacitpo quUrft OfiOWHfltf. Wft* [ifH

per, ftjll, boiler,- or f'umufeiHK»r A*U ZMjj&lfttj&imiit laid in the brick-work of any chimney, time, nearer* than nine inches so the opening* o£dMk4tefi tr thaaiive inchaato the infide of $h s felt #f my	>1i

dove, copper, ftill, boiler, crJuwiwe* the infide of the Hue of any fitchotggg	tiilMi

or furnace* where any fuch	btfllHfrW*

than five feet above the mouth of the Md tMaitaftk! work whatever (hall* at aay time after (be fixed to the front of any jamb or raaiHkfe hr to the fr*at aM of any chimney or flue, except fucb weod-worfebeafiMdhjfi nails or holdfafts, or other iron fafteeifigs; Md no koaea iron holdfaft, or other iron fattening, (hall lie or b*dtti$M than three inches into the wail againft fitch cbiftoey of Am nearer than four inches to the infide of the ogfniqgtfeff chimney; and that no chimney (hall, be erefted on any timber^work whatever, eYffepMgifcjdfijl bridging or planking, as may be, neoefiary beta* tfofewfe* of the building in which luch chimney is crcArdl hWWJ chimney thereafter to be built (hall bcera£fed^?fecb bridging, or planking, or on folid grouod^or, Qt\ aiw^atia( foundation, or (hall be fet upon brick or^<MlQ (qpcbiesf<|| jf brackets, or upon iron (hores, which ire* Jhejgs,(WWa^ ported by brick or ftone foundations.	&

XLVI. And it is hereby further ena£tod/ThstiMfj extend wall or external inclofure of every buddingof theerfi, Mk third, fourth, or fifth rate or clafs of building, whichAll^ ereded and built after the £aid twenty-fourth cfey/pf {jffeHIP of every addition or enlargement thereafter to he jssfepif building of the firft, fecond, third, fourth, or fifth****P of building, no.w cre&ed, or hereafter to bo ereffed* (MUM brick. Hone, artificial Hone, lead, copper, tin, flaUt or of brick, fione, and fuch artificial (tone, flate, tile, and iron together, except the necetfaryipilietyi fefr ing, and.planking, for the foundation of thfc feme* ee4#%* cept thenecfcflary templets, chains, bond-timbers; awUfo? cept the doors, £a(hes, window* (butters, .atni-de^yjl^I* dow frames to tuch buildings, and the tferMff flotK^rfA* cafes and doors to all fuch warehouses as erear (ha&bftf& firft, fecond, third, or fourth rate or clafs of building window-frames and door-frames (hall be/et iasw^v*^* celled at lead four inches from the front of the btiddiagfeflpf fuch window-frames and door-frames (ball except the breffummers, ftory-pofts, and pistes* wfcdi made on the ground-dory only; and aifo exceptafi for the convemency of apy Ihopor (hops, whkb mq/ b*wt on thegrouod'ftory only; which brefiUmtxters^ftoryrpdbi^ plates, and the tiers or (lories of door-cafes and dooraie^kfe* warehouses, as before mentioned, are not htflehy rcq*t«dick fixed in reveals; but no ftory-poft or hscfifauBUKr ihafli W time, after the faid twenty-fourth.day of beheir^

Digitized by

Google

74-1 Anno decimo quarto Gsorgii III. c. 7$.	515

n **#6 inches deep' in any party-wail, or be placed in any nr-ntamr than feven inches to the centre line of the party-wall fWch buttling, if fuch party-wall be of the thicknefs of two eta, or nearer than four inches and an half to the centre of It '■ party-wall, if fach ptrty-wall (hall not exceed one brick I aft half in thicknefs; but no timber-work whatever, other ifv fcrJd except fach brefftimmer, ftory-pofts, and plates, and t* tiers or ftories of door-cafes and doers (htl! he laid in any f* externa) wall nearer than four inches to the external fur-e thereof; and every fuch ftory-poft which (hall be fixed as a Corner ftory# ►port to two-fronts, being the comer of any ftreets, fquare, 5^#or>^ii Kte, court, or way, (hall be of oak or (tone, and at lead twelve an(j ^ ined^s ihes • foua ref	fquare.

XLVlI. And be it further enaded by theafuthoriryaforefaid,

[fat1 every flat, gutter, and roof, of every building of the firft, Flats, roofr, r^od, third, fourth, or fifth rate or clafs of building, which dtc. b^F tob# iH be built after the faid twenty-fourth day of June, and every cow<at rret, dormer, and lanthom light, or other ere&ion, which (hall placed in the flat or roof of any fuch building, and every tefnal part of any flat, gutter, roof, turret, dormer, and ithorn, in any building of the firft, fecond, third, fourth, or th rate or clafs of building, now built, and which (hall, at iy time after the time aforefaid, be ripped or uncovered, (hall covered with glafs, copper, lead, tin, (late* tile, or artificial me \ except the doors, door-frames, windows, and window* tmes, of fuch dormers, turrets, lanthorn lights, or other e&kms.

XLVIII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-id. That every coping, cornice, facia, window-drefling, por- Materials of x>, balcony, baluftrade, or oiher external decoration or projec- external dteo* an whatfoever, to be made after the faid twenty-fourth day of r*t,^n,f uxe> to any building of the fitft, fecond, third, or fourth rate • daft of building; and alfo every frontifpiece to any building^

: the firft rate or clafs of building, now built, or hereafter to be aHt, or to any addition or enlargement of any fuch building, tall externally be of brick, ftone, burnt clay, or artificial done, ucto, lead, or iron; except the cornices and dreftings to (hop* indows; and alfo except fuch covered watys as may hereafter e made to any building, fo neverthelefs as that the faid cover*

1 way, or ahy part tjtereof, (hall not extend beyond the original ne afthehoufcs Wrhe ftreet or way in which the fame (hall be r is eircAed; and fuch covered way (hall be covered with ftone, N ad, copper, date, rile, or tin; and neither the faid covered ray, nor the cornice or drefiing9 to any (hop-window, nor the >of of any fuch portico, (hall be higher than the under fide of fill of the window, frame of the one pair of ftairs window of be building to which the fame belongs: and that no water (hail Water hq* to e (offered to drip next to any puSick ftreet, fquare, place, be convened ouit, or way, from the roof of any building of the firft, fecond, fro,n rooft* bird, or fourth rate or dafs of building, to be built after the aid twenty-fourth day of June, except tram the rpofe of porri*

Vol. XXX.	M	m	cocs

Digitized by L»ooQle

r

&i6

No bow-windows to be built extending beyond the line of the ftreet,

except projections for decorations, (hop-windows and flail-boards.

Materials of bow-windows and projections.

Saving to commirtioners pf paving.

Old external walls or inclo-fn res may be repaired with the fame materials;

Anno dedmo quarto Georgii III. c. 78. [1774.

coes or other entrances; but all water from fuch roofs Hull be conveyed by lead, copper, tin, or iron gutters or pipes, or all or either, or any of them, or by wooden trunks, or brick or fboc funnels, to the drains or channel ftones, now made, orherofer to be made, on or below the iorface of the ground, for that pot-pofe, or to fome cittern or other refervoir made to receive the fame, or to any front of fuch building not abutting upon any public ftreet or way5, and no fuch brick or ft one funnel gull, after the time aforefaid, be made or built, unlels the fame fail be in every part thereof below the furface of the foot pavanett before the fame, nor (hall any fuch wooden trunk, after the bidi time, be fixed, unlcfs the fame be, in every part thereof, bdot the tops of the windows of the ground ftory.

XLIX. And be it further eua&ed by the authority afbre&id, That no bow-window or other projection Iball, after the tiw aforefaid, be built with, or added to, any building of tk firft, fecond, third, or fourth rate or dafs or building, next ft any public ftreet, fquare, court, or way, fo as to extend beyond the general line of the fronts of the houfes in fuch public fired, fquare, court, or way, in which fuch bow-window or other projection is made; except fuch projections as may be ncceflary tot copings, cornices, facias, door and window dremngs, or for open porticoes, tteps, or irpn pallifades; and alfo except filch wiodov tp any (hop or (bops on the ground-floor ftory of any fuch building, the (tail boards of which windows (hall not, in any ftrectot way thirty feet wide or more, project above ten inches, nor in any ftreet or way lefs than thirty feet wide, above five inchei from tire upright line of the buildic^ in fiicb ftreet or way re-fpeCUvely; and no cornice or covering thereof to any (uchfhofx window (hall, in any ftreet or way thirty feet wide or more, project more than eighteen inches, nor in any ftreet or way kfcthw thirty feet wide more than thirteen incites from the upright line of the building to which fuch (hop-window belongs: aqdtlui no bow-window or other projection, except as before excepted, (hall, after the faid twenty-fourth day of Juno* bebuii with, or added to, the front of any building of the firft, fecond, third, or fourth rate or clafs of building, unlcfs the fame, aid the columns and pilafters (if any) which fupport the fame, be built of the feveral materials herein-before directed tobe ufed in all external walls, or external inclofures*

L. Provided always, and be it enaCted, That pothing hereia contained (hall prejudice, kfien, or defeat five powersgranted to any commifiioners for paving any ftreets or other places withia the limits aforefaid, by any aCt or aCts of parl iament, or to tk commifiioners of the fewers for the city of London.

LI. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefoidjThtf every external wall, or other external inclofure, to any bufiiding, which is built, or begun to bebuiit, before the faid twenty-fourth day of Jm*’* not being of the feveral materials in and by thisad required for external walls, or. external inclofures, thereafter to be builc^ may be at all times thereafter repaired with the fame

Digitized by

v Google

74-] Anno dccimo quarto Georgii lit c. 78;	517

t or forts of materials as the materials of which fuch external 11 * or other external inclofure, is ereCted, (except the exter-l indofures of roofs,'flats, gutters, and of the dormers* tur-3, and lanthom lights, or other erections on the fame, which ill be repaired with the materials herein-before directed for e rat me;) but in cafe any fuch external wall, or other external rlofure, be at any time hereafter taken down or otherwife de->Iifhed to the breflummer or one pair of flairs floor, or the ice where the breflummer is ufually fixed, then every part of e lame, not being built of the feveral materials in and by this t required for external walls, or other external indofures, ereafter to be ereCted, fltall be taken down, and the fame (hall entirely rebuilt of fuch materials, and in fuch manner, in all fpe<5ts, as in and by this aCl required for all external walls, or her external indofures, thereafter to be built, according to the? te or daf9 of building to which fuch wall, or other external clofure, belongs.

LI I. And be it further eriaCted by the authority aforefaid,That No bdw-wlti-> bow-window or other projeCtioh, made or built before the or Pr?“ id twenty-fourth day of June, (hall be at any time thereafter J-cbunt/unlcfs built, except fuch projections as are in and by this aCt allow- originally \9 unlefs fuch bow-window* or other projection, was built at built, or with-\e fame time the houfe or building to which the fame belongs ^Iine as built, or unlefs fuch bow-window, or other projection, be * e ttr<ct> uthin the original line of the flreet, fquare, place* court, or ray, in which the fame is ereCted.

LrllL And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid*

^hat no flack of'wareh6ufes to be erected after the faid twenty- No (tack of >urth day of June% (hall contain more than thirty-five fquares of b^bove^ t0 oil ding on the ground plan thereof, including all the external fquaresinclud-nd internal walls, and fo much of the party-walls, if any, as ing internal elong to fuch flack of warehoufes; and no enlargement (hall and external c at any time thereafter made to any flack of warehoufes already walls* uilt or begun, fo as to encreafe the fame beyond the faid thirty-vc fquares on the ground plan, including fuch walls as afoie-lid, except fuch flack of warehoufes be feparated and divided hy ne or more party-wall or party-walls, built, in every refpeCt* ccording to rhe directions herein-before contained concerning arty-wails, into divifiorts of not more than thirty-five fquares ach, including fuch walls as aforefaid on the ground plan of ich warehoufes; and that no flack of warehoufes (hall com- Nocoriiriiiin'-lunicate with any other warehoufeor building through a party- cattontlirough Will, unleft the door-cafe and fill of every fuch communication IJ^rsb^ttone 0 of flone, and unleft there be to every fuch communication a door cafes and oor of wrought iron, of the thicknefs of a quarter of an inch at iron door*.

in the pannels thereof; and no timber, bond, or lintel, No timber jUdl be laid into the brick-work of any wall in any fuch flack of .w,thln 18 larehoufes nearer than eighteen inches to the opening of	•

frmmunication.

^ LIV. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, No (tables to That no building for (tables, to be erected after the laid twenty- contain m ^ Mma	fouithtun*5 <lu*rM

Digitized by LjOOQle

5‘8

of building ir eluding internal and exter pal walls.

No Communication door without having (tone caies, ice.

Buildings hereafter divided into diitind tenures on the ground-floor deemed lepa-xatc buildings

Not to prevent proprietors from dividing wareboufes $

nor from diving (tables, fubiedi to reft riftions men ironed.

Anno decimo quarto GeoRG IT lfti c' 78'.

. fourth: day of june, (hall contain more thai^'|wenty-Svc!

of building on the ground - bat andrntemal vfalls, and io mud) of tire. pany^^$ U| as belong to/uch building for (tables^ an^ po ^nlargftvfiil" be bt any time thereafter made thereto/ fpr ro(3h^ ftables rafready built, or begun to be briiil^/'fpras toir**"5 fame beyond the faid twenty-five fquafes ,pn tbe gro( including fuch walls as aforelaid, except fuen frqiMiflgl be Teparated and divided by one or more parry^allqr built in every refpeef according to the diregions here«'6$.. contained concerning party-walls intodivifions of nd^rouific^B twenty-five fquares each, including fuch’wa^s ^s jforefi^21 the ground plan of fuch ftables: and that no fi/ch ^uilii^. (fables (hall communicate through a party-waliwifli anydB ftables or building, unlefs the door-cafe and .fi(l! of everyfai communication be of done, and unlefs there be fo evm tS communication a door of wiought iron, of tfie thickneaori quarter of an inch in the pannels thereof; and nq timber^toi, or lintel, (hall be laid into the brick-work of any wall fcact fuch building for ftables nearer than eightpenV Inches to fa opening of fuch communication.

LV. And be it further enabled by the authority afordSi^TU if any building whatfoever of the firft, feebnd, third, Qtfbeitfc rate or clafs of building, (except buildings In the feveral inflsot court or chancery, the Royal ^xchangti companies halls, and a* .cept ware-houfes and dwelling-houfes let at a rack renfforatf more than twenty-five pounds by the year,} be at'smjite ' hereafter converted into two or more dwelling-lioufeV*0^ (hops, ftables, or other buildings, which (hall be ih dHKndk nures on the ground-floor thereof, then each fpeh tenemcntflal be confidered as a feparate building, and the fame (half !*£* vided from each other by a party-wall or party-walls; aridffry fuch party-wall (hall be of the materials, height, and thicn>&, and (hall be from time to time under the feveral r^uTattoosrt-fpedfing party-walls herein directed to be obferved to the party-wall of the higheft rate or clafs of building 1tip> -ing to fuch party-wall or party-walls.

LVI. Provided neverthelefs. That nothing,in this ad carat ned (hall extend to prevent any perfon, being the propria* or leafcholder of any ftack of warehoufes, from dividing the warehoufes from time to time into divifions, for the too* niencyrof letting the fame to under tenants ; fo, ne*£rtbcWM' that, if 2Kry ftack of warehoufes contain more ifh/rithi$fo fquare9 of building on the ground plan, the fam£ fltaft V Tated and divided by a party-wall or party-^afls as a&fefaM,ifr to divifions of ^not more than thirty-five fq u a ref ettl?2i te befoi^ directed concerning ftacks of warehouses ter bhe (hiridwenty-fourth day of June. \ ’u ; 1 Ti; "n ' LVih Provided alfo, That nothing in

(extend to preyent any perfon, being ■holder of any (table yard, or livery fbtbl

&

jpfopflfcfor or

fifaBl dfvidiwt>!

Digitized by v^,ooQle

74i1 Anno,dedmjQ quarto Georgii III. c.78.	519

i fta)b!cs^rom tirpe to time into divifions, foi'thc convenicncy letting the fame to under tenants; fo, nevertheless, as that tny^iillcjing for Rabies contain more'thart twenty-five fquafres t>ujjqing on the ground plan', the fetrie fhaH be repara ted and MecJ .'fey a party-wall,'or party-walls, as aforefaid, into divi-ris of* not more thin twenty-five fquares each, as herein4>e-■c clif efted concerning 'buildings’f6r (tables to be erefted after twenty-foprjh &yof June:	'

Lylft. And it* is hereby further enafted, That if any build- Building of ^licrem-before declared to be of the fifth or fixth fate or clafs!	and

building, be hereafter divided into two or more diftinft te- tV. m res, and the fever al parts of futh building in fuch feparate te- nures, and not res be not it the feveral difiances from each other herein-* at therequitite rore particularly directed for every fuch fifth or fixth rate difta*ce«,-ildirig ; then, every fuch feveral part of fuch building In every	nU1"

:h feparate and diftinft tenure, be nearer to each other than i fatd feveral diftances, (hall be deemed a public nuifance, and all fee immediately taken down as fuch.

LIX. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, No funnel for hat no iron, fin, copper, or other pipe or funnel for convey- finokenextthe g fmoke or fieam, (nail be at any time after the faid twenty-imh day of June, fixed next any public ftreer, fquare, court, 0f the firit, fe-way, on the firpnt of any building of the firft, fecond, third, cond, third, or fourth rate or clafs of building; nor (hall.any fuch pipe or*oulrate*, nnel be fixed on the infide of any fuch building nearer than urteen inches to any timber, or other combuftible material ncarcr ^an 14 b^tever; nor (hall any brick funnel be thereafter built or placed inches to any 1 the outfide of any front next to any public ftreet, fquare, timber ac^e> court, road, or way, of any building of the firfi, fecond, ir*l, or fourth rate or clafs of building, fo as to extend beyond t0exrend be-e general line of the houfes in the public ftreet, fquare, place* yond the line >urt, or way, in which the fame is erefted.	of theltrect.

LX* And belt further enabled by the authority aforefaid,That Every build-rery'church, chapel, meering-houfe, dwelling-houfe, or other ing contrary, jilding, and every party-wall and other wall which (hall, after declared to be le faid twenty-fourth day of June* be built within the limits of lis aft, (hall be built purfuant to fuch rules and regulations,	,

*d ymh fuch materials, as are herein-before particularly ap-Dintcd ; and if any perfon or perfons prefume to build or to :gip building, or to caufe the building or beginning to build, r to alter, or caufe to be altered, any building already erefted 1 1 any refpeft contrary thereunto, and be thereof convifted by te paths of two oi* more credible witneffes before the mayor qf te city of Londoriy or any two or more juftices of the peace for \e faid city of London, 6r counties of Middlefix or Surrey or itv and liberty of tVeJlminJlery or liberty of his Majefly’s Towsr r London respectively, where fuch building, contrary to the re-ulations aforefaid, (nail be fituated, (which oaths they the faid layer and iuftices are hereby refpeftively impowered and re-uired to adminifter,) then the faid houfe, building, or wall, fo rregularly built* or begun to be built, or fo irregularly altered,

/	Mm3	or

Digitized by v^ooQle

recognizance to demolifh the fame.

Bailings deemed nui-

order of the court.

520	Anno	decimo	quarto	Georgh ITT. c. 78.	[1774,

or begun tp be altered, (hall be deemed a common nuifence, and and the build- the builder and the owner thereof, or one of them, fuch as the tr and owner fajj mayor or juftices lhall require, fhall enter into a recognizance recopmVance* *n lum as	mayor	or juftices (ball refpe&ively appoint,

for abating and demollfhing the fame, vritbirr fucti convenient time as the faid mayor or juftices (hall refpe&ively appoint; or otherwife to amend the fame according to fuch rules and regulations as are heieim before contained : and in default of entering into fuch recognizance, the perfon or perfons fo making default (hall be committed to the common gaol of the city, county, cr liberty, where the offence (hall be committed, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, until he (hall hive abated or demo-lifhed, or otherwife amended, the Fame; or until fuch irregular houfe or building fhall be abated or demolifhed by order of fuch mayor or juftices refpe#ively, which order the (aid mayor and juftices are hereby impowered to make; provided always that fuch conviction be had within three months after fuch hinldzng (hall be finiftied.

LXI. And it is hereby further ena&ed, That it fhall he law-fances (hall be ^ f°r l^e ,nayor °f the city of London, or any two or more juftices taken down by of the peace for the faid city of London, or county of A4id4bftx of Surrey, or city and liber:y of IVeftminfler, or liberty of his Ma-jefty’s Tower of London refpe&ively^where any building contrary to the regulations aforefaid (hall be lituated,to order every hous or building fo irregularly built, or begun to be built^ or fo me-gularly altered, or begun to be altered, as is by this a& declared to be a common nuifance, to be abated or taken down, and to order the perfon or perfons authorifed to abate or take down the fame, to fell and difpofe of the materials thereof, and out of the monies anting by the fale thereof, to pay to themfelves, and ail perfons by them employed for the purpofes aforefaid, the reasonable charges of abating or taking down fuch nuifance; and to pay the furplus of the monies arifing by fuch fale fif any be) to the owner or owners of fuch materials; and if tne monies arifing by fuch fale be not fufficient to pay fuch charges, the deficiency (hall be made good by fuch owner or owners, and may be levied jn like manner as is herein-after directed concerning the expence of taking down ruinous buildings, and putting up boards for the fafety of paflengers.

LXII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That the mayor and aldermen of the faid city of London% (hail and may nominate and appoint fuch and fo many difereet perfons, (killed in the art of building, as they the faid mayor and aldermen think fit, to be, during their will and pleafure, the furveyors or fupervifors to fee the faid rules and regulations well and. truly obferved in and throughout the faid city of London, and rfie liberties thereof: and it (hall be lawful for the faid mayor and aldermen in their court of aldermen, and they are hereby required to adminifter to all the faid fqrveyors or fupervifors an path for the true and impartial execution of their office in that behalf; and to appoint the feveral diftridts which (hall be under their re-

fpedtivc

and may fell jnaterials to fietray the cx-pence.

{Court of aldermen of* London,to appoint Iur-veyora in that city.

Digitized by

74-] Anno decimo quarto GeorOii III. C.78.	521

f&ive furvcys: and it fhall alfo be lawful for the juftices of the othcr places ice for the county of Middlefex, the county of Surrey, the city the quarter i liberty of Wejlminjlcr, and the liberty of his Majefty’sTim/fr feflions to ap-London, in their general quarter feflions refpe&ively, and they Point hirvey-: hereby required, within their refpeftive jurifdichons, to no-ors* bate and appoint fuch, and fo many difereet perfons (killed in ? art of building, as the faid juftices, in their refpe<ftive quarter Rons, think fit, to be, during their will and pleafure, the fur-yors or fupervifors to fee the faid rules and regulations well d truly obierved in and throughout the faid city and liberty of ejlminfler, and the faid feveral parifhes, precin61s, and places >refaid, within the jurifdi&ion of the refpetftive quarter feflions whom they (hall be fo appointed : and the faid juftices, in eir refpe&ive quarter feflions, (hall adminifter to the faid rveyors or fupervifors by them refpe&ively appointed, an oath r the true and impartial execution of their office in that half, and (hall appoint the feveral diftri<5ts which (hall be ider their refpedtive furveys ; which oath (hall be in the form, to the effed, following; that is to fay,

A. B. being one of the furveyors or fupervifors appointed in The oath.

. purfuance of an aft of parliament, pajjed in the fourteenth year of e reign of King George the Third, for the further and better gulation of buildings and party-walls; and for the morC fedlually preventing mifehiefs by fire within the cities of ondon and Wejlminfter, and the liberties thereof, and other le parifhes, precincts, and places, within the weekly bills of iorta!ity, the parithes of Saint Mary~le-bon, Paddington, Saint 'aneras, and Saint Luke at Chelfea, in the county of Middlefex; id for indemnifying, under certain conditions, builders, and ther perfons, againit the penalties to which they are or may ; liable for erecting buildings within the limits aferefaid, mtrary to Taw, do /wear, that, upon receiving notice of any building ■ wall to be built, or other builders work to be done, within the ftrift under my injpefiion, not being by i/lnefs or otherwife lawfully ‘evented, I will, diligently and faithfully,Jurvey the fame, and, to e utmojl o f my abilities, endeavour to caufe the rules and regulations, the Jaid aft preferibed, to be Jlriflly obferved\ and that without vour or affeftion, prejudice or malice.

So help me GOD.

nd fuch furveyor or fupervilbr fhall, from time to time, leave clerk to leive Mice in writing with the clerk of the peace for the county, notice oT bit ty, or liberty, in which his diftridl (hall be fituated, of theal)odc* ace of his ufual abode or refidence.

LXIII. And it is alfo hereby further etiafled. That before Notice of \y building or any wall, on new or old foundations, or 0ri ,in8 *° k* undations partly new and partly old, within the limits of this 5cyors!° Uf~ (hall, after the faid twenty-fourth day of June, he beguh to : built, the mafter workman, or other perfon caufing fuch adding or wall to be built, (hall give twenty -four hours notice?

M m 4	there-

£22	Anno	deelmo	quarto	GeoRgu	UL' 0.7*.

thereof to the furveyor or fupervifor appoint li»r wforei*>d, within whofe diftri& the fame (hall be jand, (jucht furveyor or fupervifor (hall view the faid budding os^waU, and - fat -that all the rules and regulations in this a&opnuinedl awe well and , truly obferved ; and fuefifuryeyor or frpemfotf, bb. «ro©hJ« therein, (hall be paid ,by fuch mailer , workman, or .othar perfon caufing fuch building or wall to be bwtft*. fueh.fam of money as a fatisfa&ipn tor hb trouble therein* at ony two or more of his JVtajefty’s juftices of the\p&<eKfor the cur, county, or liberty, in which fuch building or w*Hia firoai, (hall, by any writing under their hands, ordericw appoint* jwi exceeding three pounds, ten (hillings fpr every new buihiiog of the firft rate or clafs of building; or one pound rtitteen (hillings for e^ery firft rate building to wbifth, any ^ alteration or addition (hall be made ; and not exceeding thioe pounds three (hillings, for every new building of .AheijfeQDab rate or clafs of building, or one pound ten (biUittgf^ for/ ^vm fecond rate building to which any alteration or additiocLihatt be made; and not exceeding two pounds .ten (hbiings for every new building of the third rate or clafs ofvbtildtng, or one pound five (hillings for every third rate building fir whick any alteration or addition (hall be made; and not exceeding two pounds two (hillings for every new. building of the fourth rate or clafs of building, or one pound One dulling for every fourth rate building to which any alteration or addkioo (hall be made; and not exceeding one pound ten (hailing* for every new building of the fifth rate or	bmiidmg^

or fifteen (hillings for every fifth rate building to. which .any alteration or addition (hall be made; and npticxcefdmg one pound one (hilling for every new building of ths iixth! rate or clafs of building, or ten (hillings and fixpence for every :£xlh rate building to which any alteration or addition (hall be hftde; and not exceeding ten minings and fixpepce for every new building of the feventh rate or clafs of building, or five (hillings for every feventh rate building to which any a Iteration or addition (hall be made; and, in default of payment of any of the faid fcveral fums 6f money, or fuch other fum& as. the faid juftices (hall appoint, the fame (hall, by warrant .of one or more of fuch juftice or juftices as aforefaid, be levied by diftreb and fale of the goods and chattels of fuch maftef workman, or other perfon as aforefaid, together with the reasonable cafe and charges of fuch diftrefs and fale,	*

ton default LXlV. And it is hereby further ena&ed, That if any perfon bf notice, (ball, after the faid twenty-fourth day of Junt^ .begin any treble fatisfac- fuch building, or any fuch wall $ or if any perfoo orj periods or^and aol^" thereafter prefume to cut into any party-wall, without firft penalty* * givirxg fuch notice as aforefaid to the furveyor or iupervifhr within whofe diftrift the fame is fituated, or (ball refufe fucb furveyor or fupervifor admittance from lime to lime, at neafonable,hours, for the purpofe of viewing the fame; then, every perfon (o gegle&ing to giyp fuch flqtice; or fo refpfiog

fuch

74-3 Anno dedni&qiiatto GEORCirilL" C. yt.	523

3h ad knirunce, (hall,*fm every default therein, forfeit and pay the faid furv*ybf k>r fupcrVUorlTtrtWe the fatkflaftlon which ih»' fatv^or ctf^pmifor wbtlld have’be£tV lntitl& to receive rHIsarowb feto viewing fucW bbikfcrt^or wall, ^hffftfcingthe le^and iegtrialton^of this aft well and trtily obfeWftf therein, caUe foch inotfce!had1 biiert given; anil (hall alfb, forbvcfy fiicti £kuttrnforfeitihc fum of twenty poubds, to befbcbvered bv y action, bill,'plaint, or Information, in any 6f Ms‘Maj£fty,,$

»urts?>of Tej^^^JVefiminJier^by any perfon or perfons who uJlfue for the feme; and alfo every fticfi hobfe, bdflding^ of ally fo begun to be built, without giving fuch-ffot7$e, of with-it ^ivmg ludvadmittance to fuch furveyor or fupefrifor, in caf2 lOkme be not‘built in every reljpeft agreeably to* the regulati-* w i of this aft, (hart bedemofilhed or amended by order of the kijnoyor, or of two juftices, within whofe jurisdiction the fame tali be, in the manner herein-before drrefted.

LXV, And it k hereby further enafted, That in cafe the Surveyor to

oifkmen employed in building any fuch building or wall, or iii g,vcinforma-

ie cutting into any fuch party-wall, (hall not well and truly

tTvcithb fcveral rules and regulations in this aft contained, ancf	*	*

:om limt fo time conform themfelves thereto, the furveyor or

gperyifor within whofe diftrift the fame is fituated, (hail, from

ime to time, give Information thereof, as foon as conveniently

aayibd to the^ laid ;mayor of the city of London, or to two or

none jftaft ices of the peace within whole jurifdiftion the fame (hal 1

>c; and the faid mayor or juftices (hall proceed thereupon to

*$ar the matter; and if any breach of the rules and regulations

n this aft contained is found to have been committed, the faid

nayoror juftices (hall proceed to caufe fuch irregular building or

vail to be demolifhed or amended in manner herein-before di*

efted.

LXVI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, 501. penalty Fbat if any workmen, or fervants to any mafter workman, or on workmen ather perfon or perfons caufingany fuch building or wall to beoffcndlng. rrefted within the limits of this aft, (hall wilfully, carelefsly/ or negligently, and without the direftion, privity, or confent Df fuch mafter workman, or perfon caufing fuch building ot wall to be erefted; do any thing in or about fuch building or wall contrary to the direftions of this aft, every fuch workman or fervant fo offending, upon conviftion thereof before the mayor N of London, or other juftice of the peace for the faid city of Lon-don, or before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the faid county of Middlefex, or county of Sumy, or the city and-	*	'

liberty of IVifiminfler, or the liberty of his Majefty’s Tower o/s London*, (as the cafe (hall bej, upon the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, (which oath the faid mayor and every fuch juftice is hereby impowered and required to admini-	*	,

fter), or opbn his own confeffion, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of fifty (hillings, one moiety thereof to be paid to the overfeer or Overfeers of the poor of the parilh. precinft, or' place, wherein the offence was committed, for toe ufe of the"

poor

5?4

tfoufes or walls hereafter built tobefur-veyed within 14. daft after covered in, and oath made of their conformity to this a&*

Oath to be filed.

Builder neg-le&ingtocaufe fuch oath to be made (hall forfeit 101.

Oath to be made within one month after conviction. on pam of further penalty of 101.

Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 78. f 1774.

poor only, and the other moiety thereof to the informer; and if any fuch forfeiture of fifty (hillings be not paid upon and immediately after fuch conviftion, then the offender (hall, by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch mayor or other julhee, be Committed to the houfe of correftion, there to remain, without bailor mainprize, for any time not exceeding three months, nor lefs than one month, unlefs the faid penalty be fooner paid!

LXVII. Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enidted. That Cvery mailer workman, or other perfon, who ffiall, after the feVl twenty-fourth day of jum, build, or caufe to be built, any hou ic other building, or any addition to any houfe or other building, or any party-wall or other wall, or who (hall be employed tocut into any party-wall within the limits of this aft, (hall, within fourteen days after fuch houfe or other building is covered in, or fuch party-wall or other wall is finifhed, or the cutting into any party-wall is made good, caufe the fame to be furveyed by the furveyor or fupervifor within whofe diftrift the fame is fituat-ed; and in cafe the faid furveyor (hall refufe, neglect, or (hall, bv illnefs or otherwife, be prevented furreying fuch building, wall, or other work, then the fame (hall be furveyed by any orher furveyor or fupervifor appointed and fworn within the city. County, or liberty, wherein the faid building, wall, or other work is fituated; and if fuch furveyor or fupervifor (hall, upon fuch furvey, find that the fame is, to the bed of his judgement and belief, built, or made good, agreeably to the fevers! directions in this aft contained, then fuch furveyor or fupervifor (hill, within fourteen days after furveying the fame* make oath thereof, by affidavit in writing, before the mayor of the city of Lon-don% or fome juftice of the peace for the faid city, or for the county of Midulcfex, the county of Shrny% the city and liberty of IVeJIminJItr, or the liberty of his Majefty’s Tower of Lonizn refpeftively, within whofe ju.ifdiftion the (aid building or wall is fituated ; Which oath fuch mayor or juftice is hereby impow-ered and required to adminifter : and the faid affidavit (hall be filed with the clerk of the peace for the’eounty, city, or liberty, in which the faid building or wall is fituated, within ten days after the making thereof; and the faid clerk of the peace (hall, for his trouble therein, be intitl'ed to and receive the fum of one (hilling, and no more; and if any mafler workman, or other perfon caufing fuch building or wall to be erefted, or fuch party-wall to be cut into as aforefaid, make default in the premiers, by neglecting to caufe fuch furvey to be made, or fuch affidavit to be made and filed, he (hall, for every fuch negleft, forfeit the fum of ten pounds; and if fuch affidavit be not made and filed within the fpacc of one month next after the recovery of fuch penalty, fuch hiafter workman, dr other perfon as aforefaid, (hall forfeit the further fum of ten pounds, and fo tyics quoties for every month, until fuch affidavit (half be made and filed ; and each of the faid penalties (hall be recovered and applied in like manner as the penalty herein-after mentioned, and by this aft inflifted on perfons dillilling or boiling larger quantities

Digitized by kjOOQle

'525

ics of turpentine together than are hereby allowed in places t hereby allowed.

LXViri. Provided alfo, and it is hereby further ena&ed, That Surveyor on any furveyor or fupervifor, appointed and (worn in manner rein-before directed, fhail, at anytime, wilfully negledl his cd^and to^be" ty, or behave himfelf negligently or unfaithfully in the dif- incapable of arge thereof, and the fame being, upon complaint thereof, being ade appear to, the mayor and aldermen of the faid city of Lon- aPP°llUCd*

7, of the court of feffions by whom he was appointed; fuch rveyor or fupervifor (hall* 6y the faid mayor and aldermen, or r the faid court of feflions, (as the cafe may be), be forthwith [charged from his faid office, and fhail for ever afterwards be capable of being again appointed a furveyor or fupervifor for e purpofes aforefaid.

LXIX. Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enatfed, That King’s pa->thing in this a<5t contained fhail extend to any of his Majefty’s ,ace8» cx*“ yal palaces, or to any houfe or buifding being in the poffeffi- p t of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, or employed for hi^ lajefty’s ufe orfervicej or to her Majefty’s palace, or to any oufe or building in the poffeflion of her Majefty, or employed >r her ufe or fervice.

LXX. And whereas houfes and buildings %vitbin the limits afore- When any id are often, either from litigated titles thereto, or the obflinacy, neg- building is or poverty, of the owners thereof or of the parties interejied	aM

lereinj in fo ruinous a condition, that paffengers thereby are in dan- hparA to be rr of their lives or limbs from the falling thereof or of the.bricks or put up for mber therefrom ; be it therefore enabled by the authority afore- ,a^cty °f Paf-tid. That if any prefentment fhal! hereafter be made by an in- fcnScr8* ueft or grand jury in London, or by any annoyance jury within he city and liberty of lVeJhmnflcr\ or by the jury fworn at the ourt leet held by the iheriff in his turn for any hundred or place, r by any other jury or inqueft fworn within any other part of he limits aforefaid, that any houfe or building within the fame imits, or any part thereof, is in a ruinous condition, it fhal) be awful for the court of mayor and aldermen, in refped of any itch houfe or building within the faid city of London, and the iberties thereof, or for the churchwardens or overfeers of the >oor for the time being of fuch parifh, precind, or place, in vhich fuch houfe or building is fituated, (not being in the eiry >f London, or the liberties thereof j, and the laid court and eve-y fuch churchwarden and overfeer of the poor, is and are hereby required, oq notice of any fuch prefentment being made, ind a copy thereof being laid before them or him refpe&ively,

:o caufe, with all convenient fpeed, a proper and fufficient hoard o be put up for the fafety of all paffengers palfing thereby, and ;o caufe notice in writing to be given to the owner or owners, or Dther perfon or perfons interefted therein, if he, fhe, or they,

:an be found $ and if not, to caufe fuch notice in writing to be affixed to or upon the door, or other notorious part of fuch houfe or building fo prefented to be in fuch ruinous condition, tore-pair the fame, or to pull down fuch building, as the cafe may

4

require.

Digitized by

526	Anno	dqcimo	quajio	Georgji	HI,	[tjy*

\fowners neg- require, wjthin fourteen days then ne#t' epfiiing; and if fadi left to r^ke owner or owners, or other perfon or period?iqtcrefted in any, houLTfte°rUI fuch'houfc or building, do not begin to

noticr, the fame, within the faid fourteen days after fucly ixpncf io ram or mayor and affixed as aforefaid, and complete fuch repair^/n^.taice aown ik aldermen, or fame as f0qn as the naturc 0f the cafe vj|]	>	then^	oathbc-

^hepoor* in ay roa4c ^orc the faid mayor, or a mfticcpif order the fame kid city of London, or county of Midduftx onSuzr&j orctjtand to be taken liberty of IVtJlminfltr, or liberty of his Majfuy’s down or (e-	jQn^ as the cafe may be, (which oath every nf them tne/aid

cur *	mayor and Suffices is hereby impowered and (required to admi-

n;ffer), of fuch notice having been fo given, pf affixed as afore-faid, the faid court of mayor and aldermen, by^and out of the ca(h in the chamber of London, and alio every fnchoburch warden and overfeer of the poor, by and out of the moqiesin bis bands, are hereby fevcrally authorifed and required, witp ^convenient fpeed, to order and caufe fuch houfe or building, fo prefemed ,	to be in a ruinous condition, or fo much thereof Tas tbejaid

Court, or the faid churchwardens or overfeers of tb^poor, fioi neceffary for the fafery of paflengers, to be taken down and cured, in fuch manner as (hall, from time to time be requifiie; and may fell and t0 fell and difpofe of fuch of the materials as th^ laid court the matetials, of mayor and aldermen, or the faid churchwardens or overmen and fatisfy of the poor, fhall judge neceffary and expedient 5, and out of the themfelves out monies ariling by the fale thereof to reimburfe,-repay, and fa-arifiif r£h t0	and	every	perfon	by them refpcdbvdy era-

?ale.nS ^ UC Ployed f°r	purpofes aforefaid, all the charges of putting upevc-

ry fuch hgard, and of taking down and fecuring all pr aqy part QI every fuch houfe or building, fo taken down or fecured as afore-faid, and of felling the faid materials as aforefaid, or fo much thereof as the monies arifing by fuch fale will extendi to pay• and lhall account for and pay the furpkis of the monies arinng^by fuch fale (if any be) to the owner of every fuch houfe or buildmg, upon perionai demand thereof made by fuch owner; andifno fuch detpand be made of any fuch overfeer or overfeers before another or other overfeer or overfeers of the poor of the faid^u-ri(h, precintft, or place, be appointed, then fuch overplusfliall be added to the monies raifed and colle&ed by virtue of the rain made for the relief of the poor of the faid panfry procinS, 01 place, and accounted for as fuch.	,,

Overplus arif- LXXI. Provided neverthelcfs, That any fudi'otvncr, Jps or ingby the fale her executors or adminiftrators, (hall and may, atariy tupe or to be paid to tjmes within the term of fix years then afterwards, be ixitifleti to tiitpTwithin have and receive fuch overplus from the churchwardens or.pvcr? 6 years, on feers of the poor for the time being of fuch parifh, prccm&,,or demand; place, within ten days after demand thereof personally made fy fuch owner, his or her executors or adminiftratprsapd every fuch churchwarden or overfeer is hereby required to pay the fame accordingly out of any monies raifed, or \p be raifed bv any rate pr rates for the relief of the poor, and fhall be allowed the payment thereof in any account to be by him made with the

veftry,

Digitized by Google

774«] Anno decimo quartbtaEoRGii Ilf. c. 7?.	527

eftry, inhabitants, and parifliionefs of the faid parifti, precincft, r p!dce, or: the future overfeer or bverfeers thereof; and it it but if Talc of ^haV the rinbnres arifingby fuch fale (hall fall (hort, and old marepiais rVddfeidnt to repay and fatisfy all fuch charges, then fuch defici-n'dyTffiSH/#WiA’trttie to'time; be paid by the owneir or owners of cupicrs to °C* very ftch{hmjfe Hr btirildin'g, ff knbvVn, and to be met with * and make £0od , Yudh o^er or owhers, on demarid thereof, negle# or refufe tfc«detea»cy* )pty:th'e fame/* then,fuch deficiency may be levied by warrant 1	*	’

nder'the hand and feal of the mayor of the faid city of London "1 ■ it the time being, or 'stay other juftice of the peace fbr the fame ity/bf under the hands arid feaTsof two Of more juftices Of the cactfoir the county of Middlefix, or county of Surrey, or city nd liberty of Wejlminfier, or liberty of his Majefty’s Tower if ,ondfftf,; (as the Cafe (hairbe), by diftrefs and fale of the goods nd chattels of fuch owner or owners, if any fuch Can be found : rid if ho fuch bwricr or owners can be met with’, or, being met Landlord* to dtffi, fhill not oh demand pay the faid deficiency, and no fuf- allow deficient rfentJdirtrefs of his, her, or their goods and chattels can be ^Vicoant^ let wlftV wherefrom fuch deficiency of fuch cofts and charges ° lay be levied arid recovered ; then the perfon or .perfons who lall at ahy timVthen after occupy any fuch houfe or building,

V'the ground where the fame ftood, is and are hereby required nd authorifed to pay and dedubt the fame out of the rent there-f; arid if hd, fKc, or they, negleft or refufe to pay fuch defici-ncy df charges, theh the fame (hall, by warrant under the hand nd feal of the (aid mayor of the faid city for the time being, or ny other juftied of the peace for the fame city, or under the ands and feals Of tWb or more fuch juftices of the peace as afore-tid, be levictHty diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of any ccupier'or occupiers of the premifcs, together with the cofts of very fdch drft tefs and Fale ; and the owner or owners of the pre/ lifes ft and are hereby' required to allow to every fuch occupier r occupied alffuch deficiencies and charges which he, the, of ley, (hall fo pay, or which (hall be recovered or* levied by di-refs, and fale from him, her, or them, as aforefaid,’ out of any :nt which* fhal! become due for the faid premifes, or any part lereof; arid every occupier paying any fuch deficiency and fiances fhilF be acquitted and dilcharged for fo much money as' e, (lie, br they, fo pay, in the fame manner as if the fame had een actually paid to fuch perfon or perfons to whom his, her, r their Tbnts were due, and (hould have been paid ; and alt mo-eyfttrelved or recovered on the account aforefaid, for or in ref-eft of any fuch houfe or building within the city of London, or le liberties thereof, (hall be paid to the chamberlain of the faid ty, and be by Mm, from time to time, placed to the credit of ie caflV of the fiid city of London ; and all moneyon the account forefild, from time to time received or recovered; fbr or in ref-eft Of a hy fuch houfe or building in any payt of the limits a->refaid,' other than the find city of London, Arid the liberties leredf, (half be paid to the churchwardens or oveffeers of tlie oor for the tnrifcbetng of the parilh, precinft, or place, where

3

Digitized by

5*8

Nut more than <o gallons of turpentine may be diftilled at once in houfet contiguous to others.

Penalty.

Shipwrights, &c. excepted.

Fire Engines and ladders to be kept in known placesj

and firecocks to be fixed on the mains.

Anno deeimo quarto Georgii III. c.j€.	£1774.

fuch houfe or building To prefented is fituated, and (hall be placed to the account of the faid parifh, in aid of fuch or a like rate or fund, out of which the expences and charges fo received or recovered were originally difburfed.	.

LXXII. And whereas the di/liUing turpentine, and the drawing tiff the oil of turpentine and roftn by diJlilUng turpentine* and the boiling the faid oil and turpentine together for making vamijby unthut the limits aforefaid, may prove of dangerous confequetue to the neigh-bourhood where every Juch practice is ufed: for preventing thereof for the future, be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid twenty-fourth day of June? it (haU not be lawful for any perfon or perfons to diftil or boil any turpentine, or to draw any oil of turpentine and roftn by diddling turpentine, or to boil any oil and turpentine together, above the quantity of ten gallons at one time, of all or any of the faid commodities, within the limits aforefaid, in any workhoofe or place contiguous to any other building, or in any place nearer to any other building than the didance of fifty feet, at the lead, upon pain that every perfon offending therein fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds; every of which forfeitures fhall and may be recovered, *rith treble cofts of fuit, by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majedy’s courts of record at IVeJlminfier, wherein no effoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, fhall be allowed; one moiety whereof fhall be to the ufe of the poor of the parifh, precinft, or place, wherein the offence was committed, and the other moiety thereof to fuch perfon or perfons as fhall inform or fue for the fame.

X'XXIII. Provided always. That nothing in this aft contained (hall extend to prevent fhipwrights, barge-builders, boat-builders, or mad-makers, or other perfons employed in building or repairing (hips, barges, boats, or other veffels, near the river 7homes, from boiling or mixing oil and other materials for the purpofe of paying (hips, barges, boats, or mads.

LXXIV. And whereas the having a fufficient number of fire engines kept in known publici places, and at convenient dijiances from etch other, and ready to be brought forth as occafion may require; and the fupplying fuch engines with plenty of water \ and the giving encouragement to engineers and others to bring forth, ufe, and work fuch engines, may tend greatly to lejfcn the mifchiefs happening by fire ; and the having proper ladders kept in known publick places, ready to be brought forth, may facilitate the efcape of the inhabitants from houfes on fire\ be it cnafted by the authority aforefaid, Tnat from and after the faid twenty-fourth day of June, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the churchwardens of every parifh, and to and for the overfeers of the poor of every precinct and place, not having any churchwarden, within the limits aforefaid, and they are hereby refpeftively required, from time to time, for ever, to make, place, and fix, at the charge of fuch refpeftive parifh, precinct, or place, upon the mains and pipes belonging to any waterwork whatsoever within the limits aforefaid, iuch and fo

many

Digitized by Google

774*} Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c.78*	529

iany ftopblocks of wood, with a wood plug, or fuch and fa

)any firecocks, to go into each main or pipe, and to be placed

t fuch diftances in, each and every ftreet or place, as fuch

hurchwardens or overfeers of the poor refpe&ively for the time

eing (hall direct; and that the top of every fuch ftopblock or

recock (hall be even with the pavement of each ftreet or placc9

> the intent fuch plugs or firecocks may, upon occafion of any

re, be opened to let out the water without lofs of time in

igging down to the pipes; and that all and every fuch church- Marks near

wardens or overfeers of the poor refpedfively fhall have power, the place

nd are hereby required, from time to time, to fix any mark or

'ruing on the front of any houfe or houfes over againft orc 1 tl

eared to the place where fiich ftopblocks, plugs, or firecocks,

sfpe^ively lie, or are placed, for the biutcr making known

'here all and every fuch ftopblocks, plugs, or firecocks lie;

nd (ball alfo keep an inftrument or key in every fuch houfe Infhrument or

/here every fuch mark (hall be, to open the ftopblock, plug, or £cyt0'fee

irecock ; and (hall keep in fuch houfe a pipe for the water to thcrc#

ome thereout, to be made ufe of as occafion may require; and

11 fuch ftopblocks and firecocks (hall be kept in repair at the

harge of each parilh, precindt, or place, where the fame are

laced; and fuch plugs (hall be kept in repair by the owners of

lie mains and pipes where the fame are fixed; and whenever

hie owners of any waterworks (hall afterwards remove, change,

r alter the faid mains or pipes, then, and in every fuch cafe,

le owner or owners of every fuch main or pipe (hall, at his or

heir own proper cods and charges, place and fix the fame, or

le like ftopblocks, plugs, and firecocks, upon every fuch new

lain or pipe, to be placed where the churchwardens of the

ari(h, or overfeers of the precindl or place, not having a

hurchwarden, for the time being, (hall diredf; and in every

jcli cafe the inftrument or key, and pipe, (hall be removed to

!ie houfe oppofite or neareft to the place to which fuch ftop-

lock, plug, and firecock is removed; and every fuch church*

warden or overfeer refpedUvely (hall caufe a like mark or writing

;> be fixed againft every fuch houfe.

LXXV. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. Engines and "hat every paxi(h within the limits aforefaid, (hall, from tira$ ladder* to 1 time, aud at all times after the faid twenty-fourth dav of ** kePc have, and keep in good order and repair, and in (ome cvery nown and publick place within each parilh, a large engine, nd alfo an hand engine, to throw up water for the extinguifh-ig of fires; and alfo (hall provide, keep, and maintain, one rather pipe at leaft, with a focket of the fame fize as the plug r firecock, and a (land-cock, ox fudtion-pipe, to the intent the.

>cket may be put into the pipe, to convey the water without

>fs, and without the help of buckets, into the engine ; and (ball *	;	r

ifo have and keep, in foxae known and publick place within

ich parifti, three or more proper ladders, of one, two, and

jree ftory high, for affifting per Jons in houfes on fire to efcape

lerefiQtp; and in default of making, placing, fixing, and con*	,

tinuing,

Digitized by

Google

sol. penalty on church-warden* tor default;

536	Anno declmo quarto Geobgii III. 0.7*. [1774,

tinuing, fuch ftopbloCks or firecocks on the fcvcr*T mains and pipes, as alfo in default of having and keeping in good repair fuch large engine, hand engine, and leather pipror pi^ Uet and ftand-cock, and fu<ftion-pipe, and fach ladders os lforefcd, every churchwarden of luch parifh, and every ovfeHber of kfy fiich precinct or place not having a churchwartten^ mikifig default in all or any of the prenrifcs, and being cotfvj&efi thereof before two ofjiis Majefty*s juftices of the peace for the AW city of London, or for the county of Middleftx or Sumy, or liberty where the fame may happen, (as the cafe may be,) ftiMI forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds, one moiety thereof to the m* former, and the other moiety thereof to the forveyor or fervey-ors who (hall be then appointed, purfuant to this preferrt ad <tf parliament, for the diftri<5t within which fuch panfh, prerinfl, or place, where fuch default (hall be made, doth lie; to be levied and recovered by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of fuch churchwardens and overfeers refpc&ively, fo convicted of fuch default as aforefaid,

LXXVI. And be it further enadted by the authority afore-faid, That the turncock belonging to the Waterwork, whole water (hall be found on, or (hall firft come into the main or pipe ama^inorVipe w^crc any plug fhall be opened, at any fire within the limits at a fire; ^ aforefaid, (hall be paid any fum not exceeding ten fhilfings by the churchwardens or o\erfeers of the poor of fuch refpeftiw to the engine- parifh, precindb, or place* where fuch fire may happen; and

and may be levied by diftrefs.

Fees to the

turncock whole water firft comes to

keeper;

to the fecond engine keeper i

and to the third engine-keeper;

But too reward to be paid without the approbation Of an aider* man, 4c,

that the engine-keeper which firft brings a parifh engine, or other large engine, to help to extinguifh any fire happening within the limits aforefaid, if in good order and complete, with a focket, hofe, leather pipe, ftand-cock, and fudtion-pipe, (hall be paid any fum not exceeding thirty (hillings; the keeper of the fccond parifh engine, or other large engine, which (htB be next brought in fuch order, and fo complete, to help tdex-tinguifh any fuch fire, (hall be paid any fum not exceeding twenty (hillings; and the keeper of any parifh engine, orotber large engine, which (hall be the third of fuch engines, brought in fuch order, and fo complete, to any fuch fire, (hall be paid any fum not exceeding ten (hillings; every fuch payment to be made by. the churchwardens of each pari(h, or by the orerfeen of the poor of every fuch precindf or place not hiving any churchwarden, (as the cafe may be,) where aoy fuch fire (hall happen; and in default of payment thereof, fuch reward (hall be levied and recovered from the faid churchwardens and orer-feers relpedtively, by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chtfttls of every fuch churchwarden and overfeer, in the fame or life manner as the penalty or forfeiture of ten pounds is herem-be-fore dire&ed to be levied and recovered,

LXXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further fcls&d by the authority aforefaid. That no fuch reward (haHbe paid to any turncock or engine-keeper, by the churchwarden of any parifh, or overfeer of the poor of any precindt or place aforefaid, where any fire may happen, without the approbation and direc-,	tion

Digitized by

Google

ck4laiaqaar^A5Eo^Qn III. c.78^	531

oq oftbt aldwafcn of tbe.*ard'whereinfocrh partfh, precmft, r. placards fituoto, or hit .deputy^ or of two of the common ayoplpa^p ^f the fame ward ior the time being, if fuch fire ^ppeiHtiWuW’tbc city of London^ or the liberties thereof; or ritjhoyl tjpt approbation and coofent of one or more juftice or lftices of *ht peace in and for the faid county of MiadlefeXy or aunty of Surrey or liberty where the fame may happen, (as the i(e may he,) refidiqg within fuch pariih, preeintf, or place, here fuch ffire happens; and if there be not any juftice or lfiices of the peaoe^efiding in fuch pariih, precindt, or place,

>enof fuch juftice or jufticcs of the peace refiding in the pariih ivpjsce near or next adjoining, if fuch fire happens any where 'ithinthe limits'of this aff, out of the faid city of London, and te liberties.thereof.

LXXVIII. And whereas many of the parijhes within the limits of Yu at? have keen frequently put to configurable expences, occafioned by n negleft of the inhabitants, as welt lodgers and inmates as houfe-teferSy in not caufmg their cbimnus to be duly fwepty by means thereof alarms of fire are frequently made, to the great terror arid mger of his Majtfiy s fubjeflsy which probably would be preventedy rfucb inhabitants wtro obliged to defray and bear the charges and xpencfs attending fuch their negleflsy or fome reafenable part thereof; e it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That from where any nd after the faid twenty-fourth day of June, in all cafes where reward* tor ny reward or rewards, or other recompence, by this adt made chimnies on ayable, (hall be borne and paid by any churchwarden or over*- fi^hbaV(^fea :er of the poor, for or on account of any fire being in a chim- churchwar-ey only, or firft beginning in and occafioned by the taking fire dens, f any chimney only, the inhabitant or inhabitants,'occupier or ccupiers, pf any room or apartment to which any fuch chim- , cy belongs, being a lodger or inmate to or with any tenant, inter, or holder of any houfe or building, of which fuch room r apartment is part, or, if fuch chimney belong not to any ich lodger or inmate, then the tenant, renter, or occupier of le houfe or building wherein any fuch fire as laft-mentioned rfl begins, (hall reimburse and repay to the churchwarden or thcy lre t0 ^ verfeer of the poor all and every fuch reward and rewards, or reimburfed by ther payments, by him or them made, purfuant to the direc- occupier*, a* ons of this a&, or fuch part thereof, as the mayor, or other foalUhrS^" lftice of the peace, of the faid city of Londony or juftice of the eace for the liberty of his Majefty's Tower of London, or juftice f the peace for tint county of MiddlcfeXy or county of Surrey, or >r tjie city grid liberty of IVeftminJler, (as the C3l'e may be,) up-n the application and complaint of fuch churchwarden or over-:cr of the poor, and hearing the party or parties complained jainft, (hall under his hand ^nd feal, award and diretff : and to enab1e the ieepd the faid mayor, or other juftice aforefaid, may be the mayor and -etter enabled tq award and direct what may in any fuch cafe jufticc* to ^ -e juft and reasonable, the faid mayor for the time being, and «xccutc their very fuch juftice* (hall and may fummon before him, after any ^ ich compl^pt J»de>*tLie party and parties complained againft,	^

Vol. XXX.	Nn	and

Digitized by



United pa-riftie* to be deemed one.

Large pariihes may have more than one large engine, See.

Fire engines, Zee. to be paid for out of the poor'* taut.

Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c, 78. [1774. and all perfons fit to give evidence touching the preroifes, of whom he fhall have notice or information, and (hall and may examine them, and every of them, upon oath* (which oath the Taid mayor, and every ftich juftice is hereby impowered aodTe-quired to adminifter, without fee or reward;^ and if tbc^artyor parties complained againft, being fummoned, do not appear, the laid imyor, and every fuch juftice of the peace* (hall and may proceed to examine the matter of the complaint, and fuch evidence as is produced, and to make fuch award and direction thereupon as fhall be juft, and as if the party or parties making fuch default of appearance had been prefent, and heard in his, her, or their defence; and if any fum or fums of money, lb awarded and directed to be reimburfed or repaid to any fuch churchwarden or overfeer of the poor, be not fo reimburfed 0: repajd within fourteen days after demand thereof made, it (hall and may be lawful to and for every fuch churchwarden or overfeer, by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch mayor, or other juftice, (which warrant the laid mayor, and every fuch juftice, is hereby authorifed to make,) to levy every fuch reward and rewards, or other recompencc, fo paid, or fuch part thereof as fhall have been fo awarded and directed, by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of the party or parties making default of payment, or of any goods or chattels found in the room or apartment to which fuch chimney where fuch fire began belongs, or in any other part of any houfe or building whereof fuch room or apartment is part.

LX XIX. Andy forafmuch as feveral of the pprijbes within titty cf London werty after the great fire which happened in the year ?/ aur Lord Cbrifi one tboufand fix hundred and fixtyfiXy united tort-thery be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That any two or more of the faid pariihes fo united, (hall, for the purpofes of this a&, be deemed one parilh only.

LXXX. Provided neverthelefs, and it is further en2&d, That in cafe the veftries of any of the faid united pariihes, or of any other parjlh within the limits aforefaid, at any time conceive it neceffary for the faid parilh, in refpe& of the largencis thereof, to have more than one great engine or hand engine, it fhall and may be lawful for them to provide two or more great engines* or hand engines, at the parilh charge; and that the fame engines, and every of them, Hull be under the like regulations and encouragements as the oilier engine or engines direfl-cd to be provided by this adt are under.

LXXXI. Andy in order to ratfe money to defray the neeejforj charges of providing and maintaining fuch engine, ficpblocks and fit-cocks, and keys, and other implements and matcriaky and fuch hidden as afor faid, and the payment of the rewards or gratuities directed h this atty be it cr.a&ed by the authority aforefaid. That the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor of the faid feveral pariihes, prccindh, and places, within the limits of this a&, or the major part of them,* with the conient of the majority of fuch inhabitants as (hall be, at any veftry, or Oliver publick meeting •	fuch

Digitized by

Google

1774*1 Anno declmo quarto GeoRGH III. c.;8.	533

fuch parish, precinft, or place, duly aflembled, (hall and may, from time to time, (as often as there may be occafion,) out of the monies raffed or received, or to be raifed or received, by any rate or rates made, or to be made, for relief of the poor of every fuch parifh, precinft, or place refpetfivelv, or by any efpecial rate or rates to be made for the purpofes of this apay, apply, and difpofe of, fuch competent fum and Turns of money as may be requifite for the ends aforefaid, in like manner as by law they may do for the .maintenance and relief of the poor of their re-fpe&ive parifhes, precin&s, or places j and every fuch efpecial fate or rates, which (lull be made, as aforefaid, the fame being allowed and confirmed in the like manner as the rates made for the relief of the poor are, or ought to be, allowed or confirmed,

(hall be levied and recovered in the fame manner as the rates made for the relief of the poor now may, or ought to be, levied and recovered, fubjeft to the like appeal as in cafes of rates made for the relief of the poor; and the faid officers (hall be accountable for the fame, in like manner as they are accountable for the money by them collected for the relief of the poor, and (hall be liable to the like pains and commitments for not accounting for the fame, and to the like diftrefs and penalties for not paying the monies by them colle&ed, levied, or received* and remaining in their hands, as overfeers of the poor are, by all or any of the laws of this land, liable to, for not accounting for, or not paying, monies collected by virtue of any rates for relief of the poor.

LXXXII. And whereas the feveral offices for in faring houfes cgainjl lofs by fire retain in their ftveral Jervices, and give coats and badges, and other rewards, unto watermen, fpr their fervice and offijlance in and toivards extinguijhing of fire, and who are to be always ready when wanted, and are provided with various forts of poles, hooks, hatchets, and feveral other in/lruments and things, at the charge of the faid refpeftivc infurance offices for the extinguijhing of fire; which watermen fo retained are, by experience, found to venturi	%

much further, and to have Jkill to give, and do give, at fires happening within the limits aforefaid greater help than other perfons not ufed to eome into danger; be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the watermen for the time being fo retained by, and Watermen belonging to, every fuch infurance office, within the limits afore- retained by faid, not exceeding thirty for each office, (hall be free from be-inlurance ing imprefi'ed, or liable to be compelled, to go to fea, or ferve i^cffeV.0 as mariners, or as foldiers on land, their names and places of abode being regiftered and entered with the fecretary, or other officer of the admiralty office.

LXXXIIJ. And, in order to deter and hinder ill-minded perfins from wilfully Jetting their houfe or houfes, or other buildings, on fire, ivith a view of gaining to Jhrmfelves the infurance money, whereby the lives and fortunes of many families,may be lofl or, endangered; be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid^, That it ihall and Money mfar* may be lawful to and for the refpedtive governors or directors *d on houfet of the feyeral infurance offices for infuring houfes or other build- J)Urnt

Nnz



% be applied*

Digitized by

Google

534

Servants by careleflnef* firing a houfe to forfeit tool, or be imprifoned il montbi.

Conftables and btadle*, on notice, to repair to buildings on fire.

Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 78. [r774.

ings againft lofs by fire, and they are hereby authorifed and required, upon the requeft of any perfon or perfons interefted in or intitled unto any houfe or houfes, or other buildings which may hereafter be burnt down, demolifhed, or damagcd'by fire, or upon any grounds of fufpicion that the owner or owners, occupier or occupiers, or other perfon or perfons who fhall hare infured fuch houfe or houfes, or other buildings. Rave been guilty of fraud, or of wilfully fetting their houfe or houfes, or other buildings, on fire, to caufe the infurance money to belaid out and expended, as far as the fame will go, towards rebuilding, reinftating, or repairing, fuch houfe or houfes, or other buildings, fo burnt down, demolifhed, or damaged by fire; un-lefs the party or parties claiming fuch infurance money fhaJJ, within fixty days next after his, her, or their claim is adjufted, give a fufficient fecurity to the governors or dire&ors of the in-lurance office where fuch houfe or houfes, or other buildings, arc infured, that the fame infurance money fhall be laid out and expended as aforefaid; or unlefs the faid infurance money fhall be, in that time, fettled and difpofed of to and amongfl all the contending parties, to the fatisfadlion and approbation of fuch governors or directors of fuch Infurance office refpe&iveiy.

LXXXIV. And whereat fires often happen by the negligence ani earelejfnefs of fervants, be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That if any menial, or other fervant or fervant?, through negligence or careleflhefs, fhall fire, or caufe to be fired, ■any dwelling-houfe, or out-houfe or houfes, or other buildings, whether within the limits aforefaid or elfewhere, within the kingdom of Great Britain, fuch fervant or fervants, being thereof lawfully convidled by the oath of one or more credible wit-nefs or witnefles, made before two or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace, fhall forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds unto the churchwardens or overfeers of fuch pa-rifh where fuch fire fhall happen; to be diftributed amongft the fufferers by fuch fire, in fuch proportions, as to the faid churchwardens fhall feem juft : and in cafe of default or refufaJ to p:y the fame immediately after fuch convidiion, the fame being lawfully demanded by the faid churchwardens; that then, and in fuch cafe, fuch fervant or fervants fhall, by warrant under the hands and feals of two or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace, be committed to the common gaol, or houfe of correction, as'the faid juftices think fit, for the fpace of eighteen months, there to be kept to hard labour.

LXXXV. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That upon the breaking out cf any fire within the limits aforefaid, all conftables and beadles, upon notice thereof, fhall immediately repair to the place where the faid fire fhall happen, with their ftaves, and other badges of their authority; and fhall be aiding and alTifting, as well in extinguifhing the faid fires, and caufing people to work at the engines, as alio in preventing goods being ftolcn , aiul (hall feizc and apprehend all ilf-difpof-td perfons that they (lull find ftealing or pilfering from the inhabit

Digitized by

774*3- Annodecimo quarto Georgii III. c. 78,	535	x

abitants 5 as alfo that the faid conftables and beadles (hall give leir utmoft alfiftance to help the inhabitants to remove their Dods.

LXXXVI. And be it further enabled by the authority afore- No aftion to lid, That no action, fuit, or procefs whatever, (hall be had, lie againit a maintained, or profecuted, againft any perfon in whofe houfe, p.cr^n wht.rc» hamber, (table, barn, or other building, or on whofe eftate any d^ta^bc-* .re (hall, after the faid twenty-fourth day of June, accidentally gin*. •

►egin, nor (hall any recompence be made by fuch perfon for any lamage fuffered thereby; any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the ontrary notwithftanding: and in fuch cafe, if any aftion be mrorught, the defendant may plead the general iflue, and give his a<5l, and the fpecial matter in evidence, at any trial thereupon to be had; and in cafe the plaintiff become nonfuited, or 3ifcontinue bis adtion or fuit, or if a verdidt pafs againft him, the defendant (hall recover treble eofts; provided that no con-tradfc or agreement made between landlord and tenant (hall be hereby defeated, or made void.

LXXXVII. And be it further enadted by the authority afore- Diftrefs not faid. That where any diftrefs (hall be made for any fum or fums unlawful for of money to be recovered by virtue of this adt, the diftrefs itfelf £ant0* form# (hall not be deemed unlawful, nor the party or parties making c* the fame be deemed a trefpaffer or trefpaffers, on account of any defeat of form in any proceedings relating thereto ; nor (hall the party or parties be deemed a trefpaffer or trefpaffers ab initio, on account of any irregularity afterwards done by the party or parties making luch diftrefs; but the perfon or perfons aggrieved by fuch irregularity may recover full fatisfadtion for the fpecial damage only, by adtion on the cafe, and not by any other adtion whatever.

LXXXVIII. Provided .always, and be it further enabled by plaintiff not the authority aforefaid, That no plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall re- to recover if coyer in any action, for any fuch irregularity, or other proceed-ings, if tender of fufficient amends be made by or on the behalf	be

of the party or parties who committed, or caufed to be commit- made, &c. ted, any fuch irregularity or wrongful proceeding before fuch adtion be brought; and in cafe no fuch tender (hall have been made, it (hall and may be lawful for the defendant or defendants in any fuch action, by the leave of the court where fuch adtion (hall depend, at any time before iflue joined, to pay into the court fuch fum of money as he or they (nail fee fit, whereupon fuch proceedings or order and judgement (hall be had, made, or given, in and by fuch court, as in other adtions when the defendant is allowed to pay money into court.	Profccutions

LXXXIX. And whereat by the faid recited aft of the twelfth 4 ™ 3* year of his prefent Majefefs reign, various penalties are inflifted up- charged, on on perfons who Jbould offend againft the faid aft: and whereas^ fence amending the.tiaffmg the faid aft, there has been a great increafe of buildings ^h^manner within the limits aforefaid, and many of fuch buildings are not in every refpeft built according to the direftions of the faid aft, whereby d irected by

various penalties have been incurred, and feveral perfons are or may tw0 of

N n 3	^furvcypri.

Digitized by

Google

/

53<>	Anno	decimo	quarto	Georgii TH. c. jti:	[i774;

be under profhution far the fame: and whereas the oivneri of fab buildings, and the feveral builders, or workmen employed therein^ sre reffectively willing to make the feme as fecure againjl fire, and as ae-formable to the directions contained in this act, as the nature of eaA Vafe will admit; be it therefore enabled by the lauthoriry afore-faid, That in every artion, bill, plaint, fuit, or information, now depending, or that (hall hereafter depend,* in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlminjler, againft apy fitch owner, builder, or workman, or perfon or perfons caufirtg iny fuch building to be ererted or built, or any other perfon or per-fons for the recovery of any penalty incurred, or fuppofed to be incurred, by the faid art, it fhall be lawful for the court where the fame is or may be depending, and fuch court is hereby required and impowered, on the application of the vefpeclWe defendants, to make a rule for the plaintiff in any fuch action, bill, plaint, fuit, or information, to deliver to fuch defendant or defendants, or his, her, or their attorney in the caufe, ah account, in writing, under the hands of the plaintiff, or his attorney, of the particular defeat or irregularity in every fuch budding, whereby each penalty is incurred, or fuppofed to be incurred, and to make at) order for flaying the proceedings in fuch action, fuit, or information, until fuch account in writing (hall be delivered ; and after fuch account fhall have been delivered as aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch defendant Qr defendants, either to defend fuch artion or art ions, as if this a rt had not been made, or otherwife, in cafe he or they fhall not chufe to defend the fame, to enter into a rule of the fame court for making good or reforming fuch irregularities and defeats, (if any,) and for rendering fuch building as fecure againft fire, and as conformable to the directions 6f this art, in fuch manner, and within fuch time, as two or more of the furveyors, herein-bc-fore direrted to be appointed in the county, city, or liberty, wherein the fame 'is fituate, (hall, by any writing, under their Rule being hands, djrert and appoint: and upon fuch rule being entered entered into into by fuch defendant or defendants, and on payment to the by defendant, plaintiff of the cods in fuch artion, fuit, or information, to be fnesTto^e " taxe^ by the proper officer of fuch court, the faid court fhaTI JUycd, &c. order all further proceedings to be flayed in fuch artion, fuit, cr information, until the time appointed by the faid furveyors for the purpofes aforefaid fhall be expired ; and after the expiration thereof, fuch court is hereby required and impowered, on application or motion by or on the behalf of fuch owner, builder, or workman, or other perfon or perfons aforefaid, and on proof by affidavit to the fatisfartidp qf fuch court, that the deferts and irregularities complained of are made good or reformed, and the building of fuch houfe or houfcs rendered as fecure againft fire, and as conformable to the dirertions of this art, in fuch manner, and w ithin fuch time, as fuch tw0 °r more of the faid fur-’vcyor or fupervifors (hall have appointed, by fuch writing as aforefaid, to order proceedings to be peremptorily flayed in luch ,	frtipn, fuit* or information: and th^ defendant or defendants

(h^I,

Digitized by Google

1774/3 Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. C. 78.	537

[hall, from thenceforth, be for ever indemnified and difeharged Defendant in-sf, from, and againft all penalties and forfeitures, incurred or 10 be incurred, for or by reafon of not having originally built fuch party-walls or buildings, purfuant to the diredions of the faid ad, or for or by reafon of any other defed or irregularity, whereby fuch houfes or party-walls are orherwife built than purfuani; to fuch diredions j any thing in the faid ad contained ;p the contrary notwithftanding.

XC. Provided, Thar if no luch application [hall be made toprovifo# court before the end of the next term after the expiration of fuch time a* (hall be appointed by the faid furveyors as afore-faid, for the purpofes aforefaid; or if, upon fuch application as aforefaid, fuch proof (hall not be made by the defendant or defendants to the fatisfadion of the faid court as aforefaid, then the faid plaintiff or plaintiffs (halbbe at liberty to proceed in fiich fuit as if this ad had not been made.

XCI. And it is further declared by the authority aforefaid. How the That the court or courts, where any fuch rule as aforefaid (hall court (hall be entered into purfuant to the diredions in this ad contained, P,0cted where (hall, and are hereby required to proceed againft the party or Centered parties who fhall have entered into any fuch rule, and have re- into, fufed or negleded to perform the fame, as for a contempt of the faid court; and (hall,- on motion, iflue the like procefs of attachment or otherwise, as is ufually iffued againft any fuitor or fuitors of fuch court for contempt of a rule of court.

XCII. Provided always. That this ad, or any thing herein Not to extend contained, fliall not extend to indemnify any perfon againft to indemnity whom final judgement (hall hare been given before the palling of this ad, in any adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in ^en^fhal^be any of his Majefty’s courts of record, grounded on the faid ad, given, See, made in the twelfth year of his preient Majefty’s reign, fgr the recovery of any penalty infiided by the faid ad.

X>CIII. And whereas^ fence the paffeng the faid afl, made dn the Irregular twelfth year, of his prefent Majefeys reign, many houfes and other buildings have been ere fled within the limits aforefaid, not conform- f	fince

able to the regulations of the faid at7, but no profccutions have beenj made and probably may not be, commenced againjl the builders thereof: and fecure againft whereas it is reafon able that the fame Jhould be made as fccure againjl firtj and firt\ and as conformable to the direflions in this afl, as the nature of each cafe will admit: and whereas wooden buildings have been ere fled altered* on the tops and other parts of houfes, and many bow-windows and though no projeflions have been mads contrary to the faid afly though no profe- proftcution* cutions have been nor may probably be commenced for any penalties commenced. thereby incurred: and whereas fuch wooden buildings as have been fo ere fled on the tops or other parts of the faid houfes, and fuch bow-windows or projeflions ought to be taken down and removed, or fome alterations or amendments ought to be made therein; be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid, That if any three oil more furveyors or fupervifors, to be appointed, and fworn in manner herein-before direded, (hall certify, in writing under their hands, tp (lie epurt of mayor and aldermen of the city of

N n 4	London	>

*

Digitized by UooQle

Court to make an

order for reforming irre-jgular pro-ic&ions.

Order to be filed.

Irregularity to be reform ed within 9 months,

pn pain of 501. penalty

Anno decimo quarto Geo*gu IIL c. 7?i [1774]

tendcny or to the court of quarter feffions wittrio-w&ofe jurisdiction any fuch houfe or building is fituated, wctf hwk or building has been ereCted Cnee the paffing the faki iSt9 within the limits aforefaid, not conformable to the faid	or that any

fuch wooden building has been ere&ed on the tops'OF other parts of houfes, or that any bow-windows or projections have been made contrary to the faid adt, for which no profeeutioiu have been commenced, fo as to bring them within the provifioo herein-before made refpedting the fame, and (hall certify in what manner the fame may be reformed, it (hall be lawful for the faid court of mayor and aldermen, or court of quarter feffions rt-fpe&ively, within whofe jurifdiCtion the faid houfe or building, or bow-window, or projection, is fituated, if they think fit, to make an order for amending or reforming fuch houfe or bidding accordingly, and for making the. fame more fecure againft fire, or more nearly conformable to the regulations of this ad; and for taking down and removing, or for altering or amending, fuch wooden buildings, and fuch bow-windows or prdje&ions, as aforefaid, by the matter builder, matter bricklayer, or ma/ter workman, or perfon who caufed the lame to be ere&ed, who (hall be exprefsly named in fuch order: and every fuch order o[ the faid court of mayor and aldermen, or court of feffions, (hall be, by the town clerk of the city of Lcndofiy or by the elert of the peace, (as the cafe may be,) entered and filed as of record, in the faid court where fuch order was made; for the entry and filing whereof, and for every copy thereof, the faid town derk, or clerk of the peace, (hall be paid by the perfon applying for the fame the fum of one (hilling, and no more, if the fame do not exceed one hundred words, and if the fame exceed one hundred words, then after the rate and proportion of one/hilling for every one hundred words ; and a copy of the faid order (hall be delivered to the faid perfon or perfons in the faid order named, or /hall be left at his or their latt orufual place of abode, or with the tenant in pofleffion of the houfe or building, in the fame order mentioned, or (hall be affixed upon the door, or other notorious part, of the faid houfe or building; and within the

*	fpaoe of nine months next after the copy of fuch order (hall have been fo delivered, or left or affixed os aforefaid, the faid perfon or perfons therein named (hall make good all the defcdsami irregularities in fuch order fpecified, and either take down and entirely remove fuch wooden building or buildings, or bow-window, or projection, or otherwife alter, reform, or amend the fame, in fuch manner as (hall be directed by fuch order; and in cafe the faid order (hall not, in all refpeCls, be fully performed and executed within the fpace of nine months next after the copy thereof (hall have been fo delivered, qr left, or affixed « dforefaid; then the perfon or perfons therein named, being the

•	matter builder, matter bricklayer, or matter workman, or other perfon or perlons who caufed fuch houfe or building, or bow-window or projection, to be ereCted, fhall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds; to be recovered and applied in like manner as the

penalties

Digitized by

Google

i774*Q7 Anno declmo quarto Georgii III. c.78.	535

penalties hewfrn-befofe tnfli&ed for diftilling a larger quantity of turpentine together than is by this adt allowed, in places not allowed by this adl, are herein-before diredted to be recovered and applied ;* and fo Uties quoties for every nine months that fadludtfe&« and regularities fhall continue, and fuch houfe or other « building, or bow^wfndow or * projection, fhall remain baik, otherwde than conformable to the directions in fuch order contained.

XCIV. And whereas feveral informations may have been Profccutions commenced before the (aid mayor of London, and juftices of the depending peace, for recovering penalties or forfeitures incurred by laid aCt made in the twelfth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, difeha^ed,* and the fame, or fome of them may be (till depending before the laid mayor and juftices out of feffion, and other fuch informations may be depending before the juftices in the faid refpec-tive quarter feffions of the peace, by appeal or otherwife; be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the feveral defendants* in all and every' fuch informations, fhall be, and are by the authority of this aCt, difeharged, acquitted, and indemnified, from and againft all fuch informations; and the faid mayor and juftices (hall acquit and difeharge them of and from the fame accordingly.

XCV. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Jj® ordcr °f That nd order which fhall be made by the mayor of the city of j^ft; ™ or* °r London for the time being, or by any juftice or juftices of the otherproceed-peace, by virtue of or under this aCt, or any other proceeding to ing, to be re-be had touching the conviClion of any offender or offenders ™oved by againft this adt, fhall be removed or removable by Certiorari, otL‘rtl0ran-any other writ or procefs whatfoever, into any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVeJlminJier.

XCVI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. Appeal may That if any perfon or perfons think him, her, or themfelyes!)eft,Jlc^eto^hc aggrieved by any convidhon, commitment, diftrefs, order,	1	c

or judgement, of the mayor of the city of London, for the time {eifions. k being, or of any juftice or juftices of the peace, made out of feffions by virtue of this adt ; fuch perfon or perfons may appeal to the juftices of the peace, at their general quarter feffions of the peace, to be holden in and for the city of London and liberties thereof, the counties of Middlefcx or Surrey, the city and liberty of IVtflminfler, or'the liberties of his Majefty’s Tower of London, (as the cafe may be,) which (hall be holden next after fuch convidtion, commitment, diftrefs, order, or judgement; who (hall proceed to hear and examine on oath into the caufes and matters of fuch appeal; (which oath or oaths they are hereby impowered to adrninifter;) and (hall determine the fame, and award fuch cofts to the party or parties appealing or appealed againft, as they fhall think proper; and the order, judgement, and determination of the faid juftices, in their refpedtive feffions, (hall be binding and conclufive to all parties.

XCVII. Provided always, and be it further enadted byProvifo.

4	,	the

Digitized by

Google

$+0	Anno	decimo	quarto	Gcorgii III. C.yfl. ' [1774.

the authority aforefaid. That the period or perfons fo intending to appeal (hall, immediately after fuch convi&ion, commitment, diftrefs, order, or judgement, or within two days afterwards, enter into a recognizance to the party or parties appealed againft, before fuch juftice or juftices of the peace, with two fufficient	fecurities,	conditioned to try fuch appeal, and to

abide the	order of,	and pay, to the party or parties appealed

againft, fuch cofts (if any) as (hall be awarded againft him, her, or them, by the feffions refpedtively.

Parifoioners XCVIII. And be it further enadted by the authority shay be wit- aforefaid,	That the	parifhioners and inhabitants of the pariih,

tttfie*.	precindt,	or place,	where any offence againft this adt (hall

be committed, (hall be allowed to be competent witneffcs, on the trial or otherwife, in any adtion, bill, plaint, or information, in any of the (aid courts of record, or at or upon the hearing and determination of any information before the mayor of London, or other juftice of the peace, for or concerning any offence ^or offences againft this prefent adti notwithftanding his, her, or their being a pari(hk>ner or parifhioners, inhabitant or inhabitants, in fuch parifh, precinct, or place.

Limitation of "XCIX. Provided always, That no adtion or profecution (hall a&ions »or be brought or commenced againft any perfon or peyfons for penalties. any penalty or forfeiture inflidted or incurred by this adt, unlefs the fame (hall be commenced within fix calendar months next after fuch forfeiture (hall have been incurred.

Limitation of C. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Thar adtions againft no adtion or fuit (hall be commenced againft any perfon or perfons acting perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this adt, until tinder the adt. twenty_one days after notice, in writing, of an intention to bring fuch adtion or fuit, has been given to the perfon or perfons againft whom fuch action or fuit (hall be brought, nor after the expiration of three calendar months next after the fadt commit* ted 5 and every fuch adtion or fuit, the caufe whereof (hall arife within the faid city of London, or the liberties thereof, (hall be laid and tried in the faid city of London, and not elfewhere ; and e-very fuch adtion cur fuit, the caufe whereof (hall arife in any part of the limits aforefaid out of the faid city of London and liberties thereof, (hall be laid and tried in the county of MiddUjix, and Generaliflue. not elfewhere; and the defendant or defendants in every fuch adtion or fuit may plead the general iflue, and give this adt, and »	the fpecial matter, in evidence, at any trial or trials to be had

thereupon, and that the matter or thing, for which fuch action or fuit is brought, was done in purfuance and by the authority of this adt: And if the faid matter or thing appear to have been fo done, or if it appear that fuch adtion or fuit was brought before the expiration of twenty-one days after fucb notice given as aforefaid, or that fufficient fatisfadtion was made or tendered before fuch adtion was brought; or if any fuch adtion or fuit be not commenced within the time herein for thatpurpofe limited, or be laid in. any other county or place than as aforefaid \ then

list

Digitized by v^ooQle

74*3 Anno dccrmo quarto Georgii III. c. 78.	541

: jury, in every fuch adtion or fuit, (hall find for the defend-: or defendants therein; and if a verdi# be found for the endant or defendants, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs, in any h action or fair, become nonfuited, or difcontinue, or fuflFer ~ Irfcontinuance, of any fuch adtion or fuit; or if, in any fuch ion or fuit, judgement be given for the defendant or defend-ts therein, on demurrer, or by default, or otherwife; then, d in any of the cafes aforefaid, the defendant or defendants ill have judgement to recover treble cofts, of fuit, and (hall ve fuch remedy for recovering the fame, as any defendant or fendants may have for cofts in other cafes by law.

Cl. And be it further enadted, That from and after the faid Repealing enry-fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and enty-foirr, the faid adt, pafled in the twelfth year of the reign walla, * his prefcnt majefty, (intituled,.^* aft for the better regulation regulating of buildings and party-walls within the cities of London and Weft- buildings, pre-infter, and the liberties thereof and other the pari/hes, precinfts, **?t*nS d places in the weekly bills of mortality, the pari/hes of Saint	y	rc*

ary-le-bone and Paddington, Saint Pancras, and Saint Luke af helfea, in the county of Middlefex, and for the better preventing ’ mifchiefs by fire within the faid cities, liberties, pari/hes, precinfts, id places \ and for amending and reducing the laws relating thereto to one aft, and for other purpofes-, (hall be, and the fame is ^reby repealed; but neverthelefs, fo much of an act made in le nineteenth year of the reign of his late majefty King Charles 19 Car. s. c. 3* le fecond, intituled. An aft for rebuilding the city of London as dates to the regulating buildings and party-walls; and an adl lade in the fixth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen 6 Ann* c; 311 Une, (intituled, An aft for the better preventing mifchiefs that may appen by fire;) alfo an adt made in the feventh year of the reign 7 Al)nx c> f hef faid late Majefty, (intituled, An aft for making more ef~ eftual an aft, made in the fixth year of her Majefifs reign, for the etter preventing of mi/chiefs that may happen by fire\) alfo fo nuch of an adt made in the eleventh year of the reign of his ite majefty King George the firft, (intituled. An aft for the better 11 egulating of buildings, and to prevent mifehiefs that may happen by ire within the weekly bills of mortality, and other places therein mentioned,) as relates to regulating buildings and party-walls; alfo o much of an a dt made in the thirty-third year of the reign of 33Geo.s.c.3o. Vis late majefty King George the fecond, -(intituled. An aft for widening certain fireets, lanes, and paffages, within the city of London, and liberties thereof, and for opening certain new fireets	v

2nd ways within the fame, and for other purpofes therein mentioned}) as relates to the regulating of buildings and party-walls, and preventing mifehiefs that may happen by fire; alfo fo much of an adt made in theTourth year of the reign of his prefcnt 4Geo.3 c.14. Majefty, (intituled. An aft for the better regulating of buildings, and to prevent mifehiefi that may happen by fire within the weekly bilh of mortality, and other places therein mentioned,) as relates to the regulating of buildings and party-walls, and preventing mifehiefs happening by (\rc \ alfo fo much of an a<$t made in the

fixth

54*	Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c.yg, [*774.

6 Geo.3x.s7. firth year qf his prefent Majcfty’s reign, (intituled, AaqQ ts explain* amend* and render more effcftual the powers of an aft* made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his late Majefly^ intituled* An a<ft for widening certain ftreets, lanes, and paflages, within the city of London*. and liberties thereof ; and fix opening certain new flxeets and ways within the fame; and for other pur-pofes therein mentioned,) as relates to the regulating of buildings and party»walis; aifo fo much of another a& made in the faid 6Geo.3x.17. fixth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, (intituled. An a8 u explain* amend* and render more effectual* an aft made in the fourth year of his prefent Majefly's reign* for the better regelating of buildings* and to prevent mifehiefs that may happen by fire within tki weekly bills of mortality, and other places therein mentioned,) as relates to the regulating of buildings and party-walls, and preventing mifehiefs that may happen by fire, (hall be, and continue, repealed.

CII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That this a<5t (hall be deemed and taken to be a publick a<3; and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whomfoever without fpeciaily plead-ing the fame*

CAP. LXXIX.

An a5t for explaining an a 51* made in the twelfth year of the reign ef Queen Anne, intituled* An act to reduce the rate of interefi, without any prejudice to parliamentary fecurities*

Preamble. TTTHEREAS large fums of money have been and may be lent* V V by his Majefly s fubjeefs in Great Britain, upon mortgages* or other fecurities* on eflates in the kingdom ^Ireland, and alfi in his Majefly's colonies or plantations in the Weft Indies; which her.; have been found to contribute greatly to the improvement of. the fill kingdom* colonies* and plantations: and whereas it has frequent 1 been found convenient to execute fuch mortgages or fecurities* and the transfer* or afjignments thereof* in Great Britain: and whereas doubts have arifen* whetlbr fuch loans, and the mortgages or fecurku: for the fame* and the transfers or afftgnments thereff* when mJ: and executed in Great Britain, are as valid and effectual as ivixn made and executed in the faid kingdom of Ireland, colonies * plantations* or dominions •* and* by reafon of an all* paffed in the twefi Aft 4 A year °f ^:e rel&n f ^er at* madefiy ^iLeen Anne, intituled. An act 1 Ann*. tQ rejuce tjic rate 0f intcreft, without any prejudice to parliamentary fecurities, whether fuch mortgages or fecurities are void and eff ectual where the rate of intereji thereby referved or made phobic is more than five pounds per CertTUm, though fuch interefl dea not exceed the rate of intereft allowed and efiablifbed by the law if the kingdom of Ireland, colony* plantation* country* or place* in vshiib the eftatts comprifed in fuch mortgages or fecurities refpe&ively are , and whether his Majefly s fubjefts in Great Britain have not* tr may not, become fubjet7 or liable to penalties or forfeitures by recehU;

cr

Digitized by

Google

774 ] Anno dedmo quarto G£orgii III. c. 79.	543

taking interejl fbr the fums of money really and bona fide advanced lent on fuch mortgages or fecurities^ at the rate of inter*ft allowed i ejlablifhed by the law of the kingdom, colony, plantation, country f place, wherein the mortgaged eftates refpeftively lie: For dbviat-g fuch doubts, be it enadfed by the King's moft excellent ajefty, by and with the advice andconfent of the lords fpiritual id temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affem* ed, and by the authority of the fame, That all mortgages and zurities which, by any of his Majefty’s fubjedts, already have AH ffiortga-, :en made and executed in Great Britain, of or concerning any ges, &c. exends, tenements, hereditaments, flaves, cattle, or other things, tng and being in the kingdom of Ireland, or in any of the faid i^irelandTur >lonies, plantations or dominions, or any cftate or intereft the colon >es, tereln, to any of his Majefty’s fubjedts, for fecuring the repay- or intereft lent of the fums of money thereon refpedtively really and bona therein, for ie advanced and lent, with intereft for the fame ; and all bonds,	UBU

Dvenants, and fecuiities, for payment of the fame fums of 9 loney and intereft refpedtively, and all transfers or affignments hlch have been made and executed in Great Britain of fuch mortgages* fecurities^ or bonds, to any of his Maje’fty's fubjedte; lall be as good, valid, and effectual, to all intents and purpofes to he as effec-phatfoever, as fuch mortgages, fecurities, bonds, covenants, Jcuted^n the" ransfers or affignments, would have been, if the fame had been piace where nade and executed in the kingdom, illand, plantation, country, the lands lie* ir place, where the lands, tenements, hereditaments, flaves, attle, or other things, mentioned and comprifed in any fuch nortgage, feourity, transfer, or affignment, as aforefaid, feve-ally Tie or are; and that none of his Majefty’s fubjedts in Great an(1 no Brieifh Britain (hall be fubjedt or liable to any of the penalties or fubjett UJiable orfeitures in the faid adt, made in the twelfth year of her to the penal-faid late Majefty’s reign, by receiving or taking intereft for the fum or fums of money really and bona fide advanced or lent on 14	1

any fuch mortgage, fecurity, bond, covenant, transfer, or af-fignment, as aforefaid, at the rate of intereft allowed and efta-blilhed by the law of the kingdom, colony, plantation, country, or place, wherein the mortgaged premifes refpedtively lie or are.

II.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That Transfers of all mortgages and fecurities which, by any of his Majefty’s fuch mortga-fub^e&s, after the paffingof this adt, (hall be made and executed	Britain con-

in Great Britain, of or concerning any lands, tenements^ ceming lands hereditaments, flaves, cattle, or other things, lying and being in Ireland, in in the kingdom of Ireland, or in any of the faid colonies, plan- ^colonies, tations, or dominions, or any eftate or intereft therein, to any t0 c Ta 1 of his Majefty’s fubjedts, for fecuring the repayment of the fums of money thereon refpedtively to be really and bona fide advanced and lent, with intereft for the fame; and all bonds, covenants, and fecurities, for payment of the fame fums of money, and intereft refpedtively, and all transfers or affignments which, after the paffing of this adt, (hall be made and executed in Grejt Britain of fuch mortgages, fecuriiies, or bonds, to anv of his

Majcfty’s

/

S 44

Not to make, good fiich mortgage, if the lender has advanced more than the lands are worth.

Perfons borrowing lums exceeding the value which the lands (hall be worth, to forfeit triple the value of the fum.

One half to the informer, and the otner to Greenwich Hofpilal.'

Mortgages tQ be regifiered in the Colony, &c. where the lands lie.

t

Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. C- 79.	[	1774,

Majefty’s fubje&s, (hall be as good, valid, and effc&ual* ta all intents and purpofes whatfoever, as fuch mortgages, fecurities* bonds, covenants, transfers, or aflignmertfs, would be if the fame were made and executed in the kingdom, ifland, plantation, country, or place, where the lands, tenements, hereditaments, Haves, cattle, or other things to be mentioned or com-prifed in any fuch mortgage, fecurity, transfer, or affignmenr, as aforefaid, feverally lie or are: and that none of his Majefty’s fubjeds in Great Britain (hall be fubjedt or liable to any of the penalties or forfeitures in the faid a<5t, made in the twelfth year of her faid late Majefty’s reign, by receiving or taking in ter eft for the fym or fums of money to be really and bena fide advanced or lent on any fuch mortgage, fecurity, bond, covenant, transfer, or aflignment, as aforefaid, fo as the intereft fo to be received or taken do not exceed the rate of fix pounds for one hundred pounds for a year; the aforefaid ad of parliament, or any other law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

III.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That this ad fhall not make good, valid, or effedual, any fuch mortgage, fecurity, bond, covenant, transfer, or aflignment, where the lender or lenders of any fum or fums of money has or have knowingly advanced or lent, or (hall knowingly advance or lend thereon, more money than the lands, tenements, hereditaments, Haves, cattle, or other things, in fuch mortgages, fecurities, transfers, or alignments, mentioned orcomprifed, or to be mentioned or comprifed, was, were, or (hall be, at the time or times of advancing or lending fuch fum or fums of money as aforefaid, really and benafide worth, to be fold.

IV.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That all and every perlon or perfons, borrowing any fum or fums of money under the authority of this act, upon any fuch lands, tenements, hereditaments. Haves, cattle, or other things, as aforefaid, exceeding the value which the fame (hall be, at the time of borrowing fuch fum or fums of money, really and bfm fide worth to be fold over and above all incumbrances which Hi all then affect the fame, (hall forfeit triple the value of the fum borrowed ; the one half to be paid to the informer, and the other half to the treafurer of the royal hofpiral for feamen, at Greenwich, in the county of Kent, or to his fufticient deputy or agent, for the ufe of the faid hofpital.

V.	Provided alfo, and be if enacted, That all fuch mortgages, or other fecurities granted under the authority of this ael, by which fuch lands, tenements, hereditaments. Haves, cattle, or other things, are intended to be charged or affedeed, (hall he regiftered within the kingdom, iuand, colony, plantation* country, or place, where the laid lands, tenements, hereditaments. Haves, cattle, or other things, feverally lie, &r are within the time limited by tbe laws of fuch kingdom, iflalid, colony, plantation, country, or place, otherwise the fame (hall be fubjedfc to the feveral provifions and penalties contained in the faid st€l9 xhade in the twelfth year of her late majefty Queen Anne% in

fuch

1774*] Anno decimo quarto Georgii HI. c. 80.	54^

ucb manner as the fame would have been if this a & had never

recti patted, unlcfc the mortgagee, or other perfon or pcrfons,

or whofe behoof fuch mortgage or other fecurity (ball have

>een made or granted, (hall have bona fide ufed his or their

ttmoft endeavour to caufe the fame to be regiftered within the

ime hcrein-before limited for that purpofe,

CAP,' LXXX.

In aft to continue the feveral laws therein mentioned, for the better encouragement of the making of fail cloth in Great Britain ; and for fecuring the duties upon foreign-made fail cloth > and charging foreign-made fails with a duty.

rTTHEREAS the laws herein-after mentioned are near expir- Gamble,

V V tug; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be

inadfed; anfi be it enafted by the Kang’s mod excellent maje-

ty, by and with the advice and confeot of the lords fpiritual and

emporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled,

nd by the authority of the fame. That an adf made in the

hirty-third year of the reign of his late majefty King Goorge the

econd, intituled. An aft to continue an aft made in the twelfth A& 33 Geo, u

ear of the reign of her late majefiy Queen Anne, intituled, An adl

or the better encouragement of the making of fail cloth in

Ireat Britain, which was to continue in force until the twenty-

linth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-

even, and from thence to the end of the then next feftion of

)arliament; and which by an adt made in the eighth year of the Ad* %

eign of his prefent Majefty, was further continued, from the

ixpiration thereof, to the twenty-ninth day of September, one thc makingof

houfand feven hundred and feventy-four, and from thence to fail cloth in

he end of the then next feftion of parliament, (hall be, and the Grc*1 Britain*

ame is hereby further continued, from the expiration thereof, further conti-

0	the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hun- nued till Sept. Ired and eighty-one, and from thence to the end of the then W**7*i' iext feftion of parliament.

II.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid/Adt119 Geo. a. That an adt made in the nineteenth year of thc reign of his late [Je duSoTon najefty King George the fecond, for the more effectual fecuring foreign-made he duties now payable on foreign-made fail cloth, imported fail cloth, &c. nto this kingdom, and for charging all foreign-made fails with

1	duty *, and for explaining a doubt concerning (hips being

>bliged, at their firft fetting out to fea, to be fqrnilhcd with )ne compJeat fet of fails made of Britijb fail cloth, which was o continue in force from the twenty-fourth day of June, one houfand feven hundred and forty-fix, for the term,of feven fears, and from thence to the end of the then next feftion of parliament; and which, by three fubfequent a61s, made in the continued by wenty-fixth and thirty-fccond years of the reign pf his faid late Aft* 26 & 3* Majefty, and of the fixth year of the reign of his prefent Maje- ** and [ty, vyas further continued until the twenty-fourth day of June,	’

+	one

£46	Anno	decimo	quarto	Georgii	III.	c.	81. [1774

t>ne tluHifand feven hundred and feven ty-four, wmd from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, find! be, md further conti- the ftme is hereby further continued from the enpiradoo there-nued till June until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufcnd fawn *4,1781, hundred and eighty-one, and from theaerto the end of the theri next fefllon of parliament.

CAR LXXXI.

An aQ for altering and amending an aft, made in the fifteenth year t>f his late Majefiys reign9 intituled, An ad to explain and a-mend the laws touching the eleftion of members to fcm for the commons in parliament, for that part of Great Britm called Scotland; and to reftrain the partiality, and regulate the conduct, of returning officers at fuch eleftions, by altering lb time of notice, ordered by the faid a& to be give*, in the fervid if complaints to the court of fejfion9 of wrongs done in ele&i$ns9 eil by regulating the manner, and fettling the place, of eh&im §fo burgefs to ferve in parliament for a dijlrift of boroughs in Scotland, when the election of the magif rates and council of a borough, which ought in courfe to be the preftding botaugh at an	boffins

to be reduced, and made voidy by a decree of the court of Jejfa and not revived by the crown, when fuch election is made*

Preamble. Wf PEREAS by an af!y male in the fixteenth year of bis iott Aft 16 Geo.a. VV Majefly s reign, intituled, An aft to explain and amend the laws touching the eleftions qf members to ferve for the commons in parliament, for that part of Great Britain called Srtf-land\ and to reftrain the partiality, and regulate the conduct, of returning officers, at fuch eleftions ; complaints to the conn ef fejficny for redrefs of wrongs committed by the inroiling, cY refuf.ng 19 inrol, per fens claiming to be inr oiled in the roll offreeholders, or in the annual elections of royal boroughs, are ordered to f e frved upon tbirtj days notice: and whereas it is found by experience, fo long notictis Court of fef- unneceffary, and occafions delay in the fummary determination of fab fion, on 15 complaints9 agreeable 10 the intendment of the faid all \ may it there* days notice, fore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted, and-be it eaaft* warrenf3»nfor ^ ^y the king's moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice fervice of and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, complaints for in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the redret* of fame, That from and after the twelfth day of Juney in the year miucdVT1" our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four, tire rolling at ~ court of feffion (hall grant warrants for the fcrvice of all fcdt eleftions. complaints as aforelaid, upon fifteen days notice.

Eleftion of a H* And whereas the elections of magi prates and counfdlors effad burgefs to boroughs in Scotland have fometimes been reduced and made void, ferve in par- decrees of the court of feffion, in actions or complaints brought btfot lated ^ rC®U~ the faid court for that pu>pojey by which the corporate powers tffah . c *	boroughs are in effect in a fate of noncxlfiencc9 until rcjlorci h ik

jujlice and favour of the crown : and whereas no previfm is mode k the of or ef aid oft of the fixteenth year of the reign of his late Majeft], cr any other act now in beings for regulating the manner, and fettling ik

pleat)

Digitized by v^ooQle

1774.] Anno decimo quarto GfeoRdll III. C. 82.	547

place, qf eleftion of d turgefs to ferve in parliament for a diftrift of troughs in Scotland, -when the eleftion of magift rates and council of a boroughj which -ought incourfc to have bun tho profiting borough at tbeele&ion, happens to be reduced, and not revived when the election	v

is made : for remedying thereof, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid* That in every ele&ion of a burgcfe to ferve in parliament for adiftrift of boroughs in Scotland, when it fhall happen that the election of the toagiftrates and council of the borough* which ought to have been the prefiding borough at fuch election* is reduced arid not revived, the next borqugh intitkd to prefide in turn (hail be the prefixing borough, and theeledion (hall be made'at that borough ; and the commiffioner for that borough (hall be the prelident of the meeting of commifttociers for the election, and have a calling and decifive vote, befide his own as commiffioner, where the votes of cotamUfiontrs are equal ; and the ccmmonclcrkof that borough (hall be clerk to the election ; and every matter and thing concerning the de<fiion (hall be proceeded in as if that borough had been the prefiding borough, in the ordinary courfe of rotation.

III.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid* Th* ptefidfag That the -borough which would have been the prefiding borough at the elc&ion, if the ele&ion of the magifirates t,0w te tea£»< and coMftfellors of fach borough had not been reduced* certaincd-(hall, when revived by the juftice and favour of the crown* bave rro right or title to be a prefiding borough in the election of a burgefs to ferve in parliament for the diftridt of boroughs of which it is one, until the other boroughs of the diftri^l, each in their turn, have fucceffively prefided, and that the right ae- ' volves upon fuch borough in the ordinary courfe of rotation.

C A P. LXXXIL

An aft for explaining and altering an aft, made in the thirteenth year of hjs.pre/cnt Majejlys reign, intituled, An a6l to explain and amend, and reduce into ohe a£fc of parliament, the general laws npw in being for regulating of turnpike roads in that part of Great Britain called England, and for other purpofes; fo far as the fame relates to the payment of additional tolls attveigb-ing engines, and the number of borfes to be ufed in carriages drawn on turnpike roads.: and for allowing certain exemptions with ref-pc ft to weight and payment of toll in particular cafes.

WHEREAS much inconvenience has been found to arip Preamble.

from the heavy additional tolls authorifed and direfted to be taken by an aft, paffed in the la ft fejfton ofparliament, intituled, An 13 Gco* 3* ad to explain and amend, and reduce into, one a<5t of parliament, the general laws now in being for regulating of turnpike roads in that part of Great Britain called England, and for' other purpofes, from perfons who have in waggons, carts, or car-riages, carried greater weights than are thereby allowed upon tur nprke roads: and whereas it is expedient and neeejfary to make feme alteration with rtfpeft to fuch adit tonal tolls, in order to prevent innocent perfons from fuffering unwarih of inadvertently thereby: and whereas

Vol.XXX.	Qq	the

Digitized by

Google

54#	Anno	decimo	quarto	GEORGii	III.	C. 82.	[1774.

the permitting any waggon, cart, or carriage, when weighed at ay Weighing engine, to be drawn by an unlimited pumber of harjet, ha been found, on trial, to be inconvenient, and liable to abvfe: for remedy thereof, may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be eroded ; and be it ena&ed by the King’s rnoft .excellent majefiy by and with the advjoeand confent of the fords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament affembled, Part of the faid and by the authority of thp fame. That fo much of the&idbe-repealed, fore-recited act, as impowers the truftees of any turnpike road to receive and take the additional toll of twenty (hillings for every hundred weight, which any waggon, cart, or carriage, together with its loading, (hail weigh at any weighing engine, over and above the weight allowed thereby ; and alfo fo much thereof as permits any waggon, cart, or carriage, after having been weighed as aforefaid, to be drawn by an unlimited number of horfes; (hail be, and is hereby repealed.

Additional	II. And be it further .enafted by the authority,, aforc&id,

tolls to be	That from and after the. firft day of Augujl, one thqufimd feven

l^nf^nun hundred and feventy-four, it (hah and. may be lawful for all weights on truftees, appointed by any aft or aft* of parliament, for the re-wifgonfe pah of any turnpike road within that part of Great Britain called England, or any five or more of theoh, or for perfonor perfons properly impowered by any five or more qt thecn, to receive and trite overand above the toll* already granted, or here* after to be granted, thefollowing fums of money, as additional tolls for every hundred weight of one hundred and twelve pounds to the hundred, which any waggon, cart, or carriage, together with the loading thereof, (hall weigh at any weighing engine crefted, or to be erefted, over and above the weights by the before-recited aft allowed to each of them refpeftively; that is *o fay, for the firft and Second hundred of fuch over weight, the fuen of three-pence^ for each hundred ; for every hundred of fuch pver weight above two hundred, and not exceeding five honored, thp fum: of fix-pence; /or every hundred of fuch over weight above five hundred, and not exceeding ten hundred, the fum <?£ two (hillings and fixpcnce; for every hundred of fuch over weight above ten hundred, and not exceeding fifteen hundred, the fum of five (hillings; and for every hundred of fuch over weight above fifteen hundred, the fum of twenty (hillings; which faid additional toll or duty, hereby granted and made payable at any weighing engine, as aforefaid, (hall and may be levied and recovered ih any of the cafes aforefaid, upon anyper-fon liable thereto, or upon his or her goods or chattels, who fhall, after demand made thereof, refufe or negleft to pay the fame, in fuch manner as any other toll or duty payable at the fame toll-gate or bar, where any fuch engine (hall be erefted, is or (hall be by law1 to be levied and recovered; and the money arifing from fuch additional toll or duty (hall be applied to the repairs of the turnpike road where the fame (hall be collefted. No waggon, III. And be it further enafted, That from and after the faid rUge^m^oy- day Augujl, no waggon, carr, or carnage, employed only

Digitized by

1774-3 Anno decinib quarto GeoRgIi HI. C.	549

in husbandry, or carrying only manure or lime for the improve- ** hi fmf-ment of land, or hay, ftraw, fodder, or com unthrefhed, (ex- ^”du^t0 ** ctytirig hay or ftraw carried for fale), (hall be weiged at any wc,fi weighing engine now erected, or hereafter to be ercded 5 any law or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV.	And be it farther enaded, That the truftees of the feve- Truftees with-tal turnpike roads within ten miles of the ckies of London and in 10 Miles of fVefiminjfer, and the borough of Southwark, may, and they are bondon, hereby impowered, at their general or quarterly meetings, to owcr 0 lower the fevcral additional tolls hereby direded to be taken, as Sforefaid, for over weight, in fuch manner as to them (hall feem

fit and convenient.

V.	And whereas the exemption from toll in the before recited aft) Waggons, given to waggons, carts, and carriages, moving upon rollers of the cart*> See. breadth of fixteen inches on each fide thereof with flat furfaces, dttr-

ing the term of one year only, is found not to be a fufficient encourage- [q\\ free f0^ ment to induce perfons to ere ft and make ufe of the fame; be it there- five years, fore enacted. That all fuch waggons, carts, arid carriages, (hall, for and during the term of five years, to be computed from the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four, be permitted to pafs or be drawn upon any turnpike road toll-free; any law to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithftanding: and from and after the expiration of fuch an(* a^tcr term, then to pay half toll only, as directed by the before-re- hsdf^tolJ cited ad.	y

CAP; LXXXltl. •

An aft for making more tffeftudlprovision for the government of the province of Quebec in North America.

WHEREAS his Majcjby, by his royal proclamation, bear- Preamble.

ing date the feventh day of Odober, in the third year of his reign, thought fit to declare the provifions which have been made in refpeft to certain countries, territories, and ifands in America* ceded to his Majefly by the definitive treaty of peace, concluded at Paris on the tenth day of February, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-tbree: and whereas, by the arrangements made by tbefaid royal proclamation, a very large extent of country, within which there were fevtral colonies and fettlements of the fubjefts of France, who claimed to remain therein under the faith of the faid treaty, was left, without any provifion being made for the aiminiflration of civil government therein; and certain parts of the territory of Canada, where fer dentary pfhcrlcs had been efiablijhed and carried on by the fubjefts of France, inhabitants of the faid province of Canada, under grants and conceffions from the*government thereof were annexed to the go* ioernment of Newfoundland, and thereby fubjefted to regulations in-confiftent with the nature of fuchfjherics: may it therefore pleafe your moft excellent Majcfty that it may be enaded ; and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent Majcfty, by and with the advice &nd confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, That ail the territories, iftands, and countries in North Theterrito.

O o 2	America,	rics, illands,

, Digitized by Google

55°

Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 83.	[1774;

ynd countries, America, belonging to the crown of Great Britain, bounded ua sn North A me-^outl1 *^nc *rom tJlc^»*ong the Krhlands

in?to Greu wk,ch divide the rivers that empty themfelves into the river Amt Britain, Lawrence from thofe which fall into the fea, to a point in forty-five degrees of nothern latitude, on the eaftern bank of the riser Connecticut, keeping the fame latitude diretflly weft, through the lake Champlain, until, in the fame latitude, it meets the river Saint Lawrence \ from thence up the eaftern bank of the faid river td the lake Ontario \ thence through the lake Ontario, and the riser commonly called Niagara; and thence along by the eaftern and fouth-eaftem bank of lake Erie, following the laid bank, until the fame (hall be interfered by the northern boundary, granted by the charter of the province of Penfylvania, in cafe the fame (hall be fo interfered; and from thence along the (aid northern 4 and weftern boundaries of the faid province, until the faid wef-tern boundary ftrike the Ohio: but in cafe the faid bank of the faid lake (hall not be found to be fo interfered, then following the faid bank until it (hall arrive at that point of tfc hid bank which (hall be neareft to the north-weftern angle of the faid province of Penfylvania; and thence, by a right line, to the faid north-weftern angle of the (aid province; and thence along the weftern boundary of the faid province, until it ftrike the river Ohio; and along the bank of the (aid river, weftward, to the banks of the Mijjifiippi, and northward to the fouthera boundary of the territory granted to the merchants adventurers " of England, trading to Hudfon's Boy; and alfo all fuch territories, illands, and countries, which have, (ince the tenth of ft-hrnary, one thousand feven hundred and fixty-three, been made part of the government of Newfoundland, be, and they are hereby, during his Majefty’s pleafure, annexed to, and made part and parcel of the province of Quebec, as created and eftabliflied by the faid royal proclamation of the feventh of October, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-three.

IL Provided always. That nothing herein contained,relative the boundaries to the boundary of the province of Quebec, (hall in anywifeaf-coiony°lher ^ boundaries of any other colony, nor t 9 y III. Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That nothingin this void other * ^ contained (hall extend, or be confirmed to extend, to make rights for. void, or to vary or alter any right, title, or pofleflion, derived mertygranted. under any grant, conveyance, or otherwife howfoever, of otto auy lands within the faid province, or the provinces theretoad-joining; but that the fame (hall remain and be in force, and have effect, as if this a£t had never been made.	T

Former provi-. IV. And whereas the provifms, made by the faid protlamtin, fiom made for//; rrfpcCl to the civil government of the faid province of Quebec, oil thCb£r£uir^id the powers and authorities given to the governor aud other civil off-vo.cUfter an cen °f tb* faid province, by the grants and commijfions ijfuedinwf May 1,1775. 9uence thereof have been found, upon experience, to be mapplialle tg the Jtate and circum fiances of the faid province, the inbdMtwts whereof amounted, at the conquefi, to above ftxty five Ikoufandptr* I fons prof effing the religion of the church of Rome, and enjoyiug on efiablijbfdform of confiitution and fyfiem of laws, by which tbeir per*

Digitized by

[stt

annexed to

the province of Quebec.

Not to affeft

*774-1	Anno dccimo quarto Georgii III. c. 83.	551

fins and property had been protested* governed, and ordered* for a long ferU^of years* from the firjl ejlablijbment of the faid province Canada\ be it therefore further enafted by the authority afore-iak), That the faid proclamation, fo tar as the fame relates to the fiaid province of Quebec* and the commifllon under the au-tbority whereqf the government of the faid province is at pre-fent aaminiftered, and all and every the ordinance and ordinances made by the governor and council of Quebec for the time being, relative to the civil government and adminiftration of juftice in the faid province, and all commiflions to judges and other officers thereof, be, and the fame are hereby revoked, annulled, and made void, from and after the firft day of May, one thoofand feven hundred and feventy-five.	J	'

V. And* for the more per fed fecurity and eafe of the minds of /A/.Inhabitants of inhabitants of the faid province* it is hereby declared. That his 0£ct*c may Majefty’s fubjefts, profeffing the religion of the church of Rome ^oSfliVeli-of and in the faid province of Quebec* may have, hold, and en- gion, fubjeft joy, the free exercife of the religion of the church of Rome* fub- to the King's jeft to the King’s fupremacy, declared and eftablilhed by an aft, fopremacy, a* made in the firft year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth* over all by 1 E 12,1 the dominions and countries which then did, or thereafter fhould

belong, to the imperial crown of this realm ; and that the clergy and the clergy of the faid church may hold, receive, and enjoy, their accuftom- *nj°y their ac-cd dues and rights, with refpeft to fuch perfons only as (hall cufo>mcdduei. profefs the faid religion.

VI.	Provided neverthelefs, That it (hall be lawful for his Ma- Prowfion may jefty, his heirs or fuccefTors, to make fuch provifion out of the bUMajcfty reft of the faid accuftomed dues and rights, for the encourage- for tbelupport ment of the proteftant religion, and for the maintenance and oftheprotef-fupport of a proteftant clergy within the faid province, as he or tant clergy, they fhall, from time to time, think neceflary and expedient.

VII.	Provided always, and be it enafted. That no perfon, No perfon pro felling the religion of the church of Rome* and refiding in the ^r^^n^jl.he faid province, fhall be obliged to take the oath required by the g^obHged faid ftatute parted in the firft year of the reign of Queen Eliza- to take ihe Uth* or any other oaths fubftituted by any other aft in the place oath of 1 Eliz.j thereof; but that every fuch perfon who, by >the faid ftatute is but to take, required to take the oath therein mentioned, fhall be obliged,

and is hereby required, to take and fubferibe the following oath fSowmgoath. before the governor, or fuch other perfon in fuch court of record as his Majefty (hall appoint, who are hereby authorifed to adminifter the fame * videlicet.

I A. B. do ftncerely promife and fwear* That I will be faithful* The oath.

and bear true allegiance to bis majejly King George, and him will defend to the utmojl of my power* againfl all traiterous confpiracles* and attempts whatfoever* which Jball be made againft his perfon, crown* and dignity* and I will do my utmoft endeavour to difclofe and make known to bis majejly* bis heirs and fuccejfors* all treafons* and trai-terous confpiracies* and attempts* which I fhall know to be againjl him, or any of thorn j and all this I do fwear without any equivocation* men-

O o 3	tal

Digitized by

Google

55*

AnBO dccimo quarto GeoRGII III. c. 83.'	(1774;

$al tvafioijk, or fecret refervation, and renouncing ail pardons and dif* penfatiotis from any power or perfon wbmfoever to the contrary.

So help me GOD.

Terfrnt refuf- And every fiich perfon, who (hall neglecl or reftHe to take the hg * h* t0 oark ^ore mentlone<J» flwH incur and be liable to the fame the ^nalrie* jwaltiea, forfeitures, difabilities, and incapacities, as he would by aft 1 Eliz. «*’ve burred and been liable to for negledling or refufing to take the oath required by the faid ftatute parted in the firft year^jf the reign of Queen Elizabeth.

HU Majefty’* VIII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Canadian iub- That nis Majefty’s Canadian fubje&s, within the province of J o^ers ej^l0U* ^€Cy rc^*2*ous orders and communities only excepted, may cepted) may a^° hold and enjoy their property and pofleflions, together wkh bold all their all cuftotps and ufages relative tncreto, and all other their civil poffeflion»,&c. rights, in as large, ample, and beneficial manner, as if the laid proclamation, commiffions, ordinances, and other afts and in-ftruqients, had not been made, and as may confift with their allegiance to his Majefty, and fubjedtion to the crown and par-and in matters liament of Great Britain; and that in all matters of controverfy, ofcontroverfy, relative to property and civil rights, refort (hall be had to the to theUws of k*s ^anada^ as the rule for thedecifion of tfie fame 5 and all Canadaforthe caufes that (hall hereafter be inftitutpd in any of the courts of jkeiftem.	juftice, to be appointed within and for the faid province, by his

*	Majefty, his heirs and fuccefl'ors, (hall, with rpfpecf to fuch pro-

perty and rights, be determined agreeably to the faid laws and cuftoms of Canada, until they (hall be varied qr altered by any ordinances that (hall, from time to time, be parted in the (aid province by the governor, lieutenant governor, or commander in chief, for the time being, by and with the advice and con-confent of the legiflative council of the fame, to be appointed in manner hercin-after mentioned.

Not to extend IX. Provided always, That nothing in this adt contained to lands-rant- (hall extend, or he conftrued to extend, to any lands that have ieity^in corn1 ^een granl6d by his Majefty, or (hall hereafter be granted by his xnon foccage. Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, to be holden in free and common foccage.

Owner* of	X. Provided alfo, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for

£oods may	every perfon that is owner of any lands, goods, or credits, in

(amc^by will	PI0V*nce>	anc*	^at	ha3 a right to alienate the faid lands,

&c.	^	1	goods, or credits, in his or her life-time, by deed of fale, gift,

or otherwife, to devife or bequeath the fame at his or her death, by his or her laft will and teftament; any law, ufage, orcuftom, heretofore or now prevailing in the province, to the contrary if executed ae- hereof in any-wife notwithftanding; fuch will being executed; laws of Ca-1 * c*l^er according to the laws of Canada, or according to tbe forms' nada.	preferibed by the laws of England.

Criminal law 3CI. And whereas the certainty and Unity of the criminal law of of England to England, and the benefit: and advantages refulting from the ufe of be continued i/, have been fenftbly felt by th( inhabitancy from anexperience ofmre

' 1 5	1	‘	•	•	-1	than

Digitized by LjOOQle

1774-1 Anno decimt) quarto GeoRgii III. C. 8j.	553

than nine years, during which it has been uniformly adminiflerei; be >n the pro. it therefore further enadicd by the authority aforefaid, Thatvincc# the fame (hall continue to be adminiftered, and {hall be observed as law in the province of Quebec, as well in the defcription and quality of the offence as in the method of profecution and trial; and the punifhniedts and forfeitures thereby inflicted to the exclufion of every other rule of criminal law, or mode of proceeding thereon, which did or might prevail in the faid province before the year of our Lord one thoufand Seven hundred and fixty-four; any thing in this adt to the contrary thereof in any refpedt notwithstanding $ fubjedt nevertheless to Such alterations and amendments as the governor* lieutenant-governor, or commander in chief for the time being, by and with the advide and confent of the legiftative council of the faid province, hereafter to be appointed, (hall, from time to time, caufe to be made therein, in manner herein-after directed.

XII.	And vihereas it may be neceffary to ordain many regulations His Majefty

for the future welfare and good government of the province of Que- may appoint a bee, the occafions of which cannot now be forefeen, nor, without much	f°r	the

delay and inconvenience, be provided for, without intrufling that au-

thority, for a certain time, and under proper refiriSlions, to perfons re-	1

fiient there: and whereas it is at prefent inexpedient to call an affem-

bly\ be it therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid. That it

(hall and may be lawful for his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors,

by warrant under his. or their fignet or (ign manual, and with

the advice of the privy council, to conftitute and appoint a

council for the affairs of the province of Quebec, to confift of

fuch perfons refident there, not exceeding twenty-three, nor lefs

than Seventeen, as his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, (hall be

pleafed to appoint; and, upon the death, removal, or abfence which eonn-

of any of the members of the faid council, in like manner to c‘d may make

conftitute and appoint fuch and fo many other perfon or perfons ^^"confent

as (hallybe nece(fary to Supply the vacancy or vacancies; which Qf the gover-

council, fo appointed and nominated, or the major part there- nor.

of, (hall have power and authority to make ordinances for the

peace, welfare, and good government, of the faid province, with

the confent of his Majefty’s governor, or, in his abfence, of the'

lieutenant-governor, ot commander in chief for the time being.

XIII.	Provided always, That nothing in this a<5t contained The'council (hall extend to authorise or impower the faid legiftative council are not im-to lay any taxes or duties within the faid province, fuch rates

and taxes only excepted as the inhabitants of any town or di-ftridt within the faid province may be authorised by the faid council to aflefs, levy, and apply, within the faid town or diftridt, for the putpofe of making roads, eredUng and repairing public pbblie roads buildings, or for any other purpofe reJpedling the local conve- or buildings nience and oeconomy of fuch town or diftridt.	excepted.

XIV.	Provided alfo, and be it enadted by the authority afore- Ordinances faid, That every ordinance fo to be made, (hall, within fix made to be months, be transmitted by the governor, or, in his abfence, by

the licutenant-goyernor, or commander in chief for the time approba-

D o 4	being, tion.

Digitized by

3y Google

Ordinances

touching religion not to be in force without his Ma-jefty's approbation*

When ordinances are to be palled by a majority.

Nothing to hinder nls Majefty to conftitute courts of criminal, civil, and ecclefia-ftical jurifdic-tiop.

All ads formerly made are hereby in forced within

%he province*

freatpbje.

Anno decimo quarto Georgii IIU c.$£

being, and laid before hi* MajefVy forhi* rpyalapprafattn^ and if'hisMajcRy (ball think firtu dialling t&eneo£ thtfoef (hall edafe and be void from thenime*thit><1ii* $4aj±fty,fc«kri in coundLtheraupon (haH be	■*>	>	i

XV.	Ptovided alfo, That noovdinaiiqeftuitotM^

by which any punishment may be infbdodgfoam/tha&'farcO imprifonment for three months, (hall be bf anyforaovc&ctf until the fame (hall have received his Mafefty’s approbation; a

XVI.	Provided alfo. That no ordinance (hall :bepafledatsri meeting of the council where lefs than a majority of the whoa council is prefent, or at any time except/between the (M df of January and the firft day of Mdy, unlefs upon forae uigtd occafion, in which cafe every mem berthcreofrerident at .$b£ bec9 or within fifty miles thereof, (hall be perfonallyferatnow* by the governor, or, in his abfencc, by the lsetnenant-gover^i br commander in chief for the time being, to attend the fame.

XVII.	And be it further enabled by the authority a(bit&4 That nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be conftnwta extend, to prevent or hinder his Majefty, his heir* arid faced-fors, by his or their letters patent under the great leal of &m Britain, from ereding, conflicting, and appointing, iuch corns of criminal, civil, and ecclefiaftical jurifdidion within and for the faid province of £$uebec9 and appointing, from time to time, the judges and officers thereof, as his Majefty, hjsjhcir^wl fqcceflors, (hall think neceflary and proper for the oiremaftuces of the faid province.

XVIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby ena&ed, That nothing in this ad contained (hall extend, or be copftrqed to extend, to repeal or make void, within the faid province of Uty any a# or ads of the parliament of Qreat Britain heretofore made, for prohibiting, reftraining, or regulating, the trade or commerce of his MajtRy’s colonies and plantations in he-rica; but that all and every the faid ads, and alfo *11 aids of parliament heretofore made concerning or refpeding the faid colonies and plantations, (hall be, and are hereby declared to be, in force, within the faid province of bfyebefj apd every part therepf.

CAP. LXXXIV.

i

fin aft tt prevent certain inconveniences that may happen by tills :j • naturalization,

WHEREAS it hath been found that many perfons, bon *t of the allegiance of the crown of Great Britain, obtain of naturalization for the purpofe of availing thetnfehes p firri& countries of the immunities and indulgences belonging to bis Majefo's trading fubjefis, by treaties^ or at her wifeand in order iq apply the faid immunities and indulgences to promote the trade of the country U which the per fins fi naturalized originally belonged, and not mitt es} defign of fixing their refidence in Great Britain, or of bewm$ uft-fylfubjetfs thereof; cpd whereas it is neither juji nor expedient u

Digitized by (^.ooQle

5*55

774-] Anno dddlmo quarto Georgii III. c.

ermit fiub ajtufts of tfotrut intent of naturalization; may it thereto mtc jplcafe yotir Ma^fty ttoat it nay be enaAed; and bt it enamel by the Kibg’s moft excellent majefty, by and .with the ad-ice and coufene pf the iords fpiritual and temporal* and com-f ha this prefent parliament affembled, arid by the autho-ity of the'&mei That no perfon (hall hereafter be naturalized, Perfonsbow inlefa in the bll! exhibited for that purpofe there(haHbc a clapfe tP.bc naturali-•r provifo inferred to declare that fuch perfon ftlaH not thereby zcd herealter. ibtain^ or become intiiled to claim, within any foreign country, ny of the immunities or indulgences in trade which are of nay be epjoyed or claimed therein by natural-born Britijb fub-e&s* by. virtue of any treaty, or otberwife, unlefs fuch perfon * hall have inhabited and refided within Groat Britain, or the do-ninions thereunto belonging, for the fpace of feven years, fub-e^uent to the firft day of the fefiion of parliament in which the aid hill of naturalization (hall have pafTed, and (hall not have been abfcnt out of the fame for a longer fpace than two months, at any one time, during the faid feven years ; and that no bill of naturalisation (hall hereafter be received, in either houfe of parliament, unlefs fuch claufe or provifo be firft inferted pr contained therein.

CAP. LXXXV.

An aft for granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money out of the finking fundj and for applying certain monies therein mentioned tor the fetvice of tbe year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four i and for further appropriating the fuppiies granted in this (effion of parliaments for carrying to the aggregate fund a fum of money which hath arifen by the two ievenths excife; and for enabling the barons of the exchequer in Scotland to make out a certificate for the payment of the fum of five hundred pounds to lady Anne Mackenzie, out	'

of the balance remaining of the fum of feventy-two thoufand pounds, granted for paying the creditors of the forfeited eftate't in Scotland.

Not exceeding 1,090,6961. ns. 8d. iq. granted out of the fund, for the fervice of the current year $ to be ilftied by the treafury accordingly. Treafury impowered to raife the faid fum, or* any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, on the credit of the finking fund. AH perfons who (hall lend any money upon the credit of this aft have a tally of loan, with orders for repayment of the money with intereft. Orders to be re-giftered in courfe. No undue preference to be given in payment. No fee to be taken on forfeiture of treble damages, with full cofts. . Penalty of undue preference in point of regiftery or payment. Auditor, See. negleft-ing his duty, liable for damages. Scc. to be recovered at Weftminfter.

No undue preference in the regiftering, where orders are brought the fame day; nor if fubfequent orders are paid before others not brought in courfe, fo as money be referyed for the preceding orders. Power of af-fignment, and method of transferring of orders. If it (hall be judged more advifeable, the treafnry may raiie the faid Aim by exchequer bills, inftead of loans $ tne bills in fuch cafe to be made as thofe preicribed by the malt aft of this fefiion. All advantages and penalties in the malt aft: of this fefiion, relating to loans or exchequer bills thereby anthorifed to be made forth, extended to this aft. The faid exchequer bills, intereft, and charges, are to be paid out of the finking fund. Bank authorifed to lend to his Majefty the fum of 1,080,6961. ns. 8d. iq. notwithftanding aft: c & 6 Gal. & Mar. The fum of 113,190k 11 s. 7d. iq. furplus of the finking fund in the exchequer on 5 Jan. 1774.; 619,3031. 7s. 3d. 3 q. regaining in the exchequer on April, 1774 j and 126,9811. 7d. 5d. regaining in tbe exchequer for 1773 j and fuch monies as (hall be paid into

the

Digitized by (^ooQie

Anno declmo quarto Georgii III. C.85-

the exchequer between April 5, 1774, and April 5, 1775* of the duties on Gum Senega and Gum Arabic; 20,2*7	S«-	3d.	n

paining in the exchequer of the duties on rice expected* and m ag* imported, cambricks and fugars, granted by 6 Geo. ;• and opt ofpecsi monies remaining for the dilpofition of parliament 5 and 16,5091111 the hands of the treafurer of Chelfea Hofpital; and 30,5611. 9 ?. into the exchequer by ads » & 9 Geo. 3. 15,0001. tor fupportii^g 1kr ceflary expence* of forces in America, Nova Scotia, Newtouadlrad, as the ceded iflands, oat of the monies to be paid into the exebeqeer % April 5 1775. Appropriation of the fupplies. The monies anting by ti malt tax, land tax, loans; lottery; and 113,190I. sis. 7d. j^.n maining in the exchequer on Jan. 5, 1774; and 619,303!. 7s. 3d. j< remaining in the exchequer on April 5,1774. for the ditpofi^kmol par liament i and 126,981!. 7s. 5d. now remaining of the gyanti for, 17^. and fuch monies as (hall be paid into the exchequer after April 5,17-of the produce of the duties on Gum Senega, and Guar Arvhsc;k? 20,2371. 58. 3d. of the monies on rice exported, and duties on imported, and on cambricks and fugars, by ad 6 Geo. 3. a 1 €\5001. 4d. of balance in the hands of the deputy treafurer of Cfcdic Hofpital; and 30,5611. os* 3d. paid into the exchequer by the recewsi general in England and Wales, that have not raifed the xnHma; u 2,080,696!. i»S. 8d. iq. by this ad granted, oat of the excefies,Jc. compofmg the finking fund 1 together with the money arifing boo ut fale of French prizes taken before the declaration of war; and aka ka fums of money as his Ma jelly (hall dired to be applied to the pob&c lr-vice, which (hall arife by the fale of the ceded iflands in the Wdtlodkw Not exceeding 1,904,9171. 4$, 3d. to be iffued oat of the feppSotowards naval fervices. 200,0001, towards paying off the debt of the nn Not exceeding 244,699b 17s. 5d. charges of the office of ordaaacr, 26,425). 2d. for charges of the office of ordnance not provided forn 17731 1,514,720 b 141. 8 d. and i-8th of a penny, towards the hti forces; of which 638,630 b 16s. zod. for defraying the charges of it,ci+ effedive men, See. and 1522 invalids, for guards,See. in Great Britain.^ 360,062 b 13 s. 4d. and i-8th of a penny, for forces and gam fan* it Africa, See. Not exceeding 4617b 3d. to make good the differences

Say between the Bricifh and Irith eilablifhment of the troops in the lie tr lan, See. i 11,473 b 18 s. 6d. sq. for general and general ttaff effiotnn Great Britain; 107,525b 19 s. xd. to the reduced officers of the hni forces and marines; 1010b 2 s. id. to the troops of borfe guards redo: ed, See. 618I. to the penfton* of officers widows; 122,731 b 5s. to ae out penfioners of Chelfea Hofpital. Npt exceeding 288,030b 19 s. 56. *4 towards extraordinary expences of the land forces, and other fernces incurred, and not provided for. 1,000,0001. for dilcharging excheqcr bills of lalt feflion. 20,100 b to make good to his Majesty the like ka iiTued in purfuanceof the addrefles of the houfe of commons. 43461.1cl 5d. for fupporting the civil eflabliffiment of Nova Scoria; 3086 1. forttt civil eftabhflunent of Georgia; not exceeding 4050b for the civil eta-bliffiment of Eaft Florida ; 4850 b for the ciyn eftablifhment of Well Fk> tida ; 20851. 4 s. for defraying expences attending furveps in North Aar-lica. 13,000b for repairing and maintaining the forts m Africa; 633$.

9 d. 2 q. for fupporting the civil eftablilhment of SenegambU. Netu-ceeding 2000b to the truftees of the Britifli Mufeum, See. 6998b iU 7 d. on account of the expence of new roads, See. in the Highlands « Scotland in 1774*	250,000	b	for defraying the deficiency of the jtti

coin. See. 2500I. to Mr. Hartley, for enabling him in the charge of his*-covfty to fecure buildings, See. from fire. 88o,oool. granted to his Ms-, jelly, to be payable to perfons who have fubferihed their capital of if cent. Sec* Not exceeding 43,645b ias. 8d. to the finking fhnd to wait good the deficiency on July 5, 1773* The faid aid to be applied 6n> t? the ulc* before mentioned. Rules to be obferved in tbe application of th half pay. By aft 13 Geo. 3. a fuqi not exceeding 111,227b 5s icd. was appropriated to be paid to the reduced officers. Overptus roorie, above Utbtying laid officers, to be difpofed of (o officers who were mured, ic. la the fate wars, or to officers widows and children, as fci Mi

jery

Digitized by Google

^4*3 Anno decimo,quarto Georqii III. c. 86.	557

ty flmll dirc£t. *3,6371. n s. 10 d. sq. remaining in the exchequer oil pril 5, T774., to be made part of The Aggregate fund. By aft 10 Geo. 3.

,000 1. was granted for difeharging debts on the forfeited eftate of the q earl of Cromarty, &c. Out of the faid fnm of 71,000!. barons of the chequer in Scotland, to make out a debenture to his Majefty’• receiver nerai of land rents there, for payment of 5001, to lady Anne Macken-:; which debenture to be a fuflicient difeharge.

C A P. LXXXVI.

v

* aft to continue feveral laws therein mentioned, relating to the allotting a drawback of the duties upon the exportation of copper bars imported ; to the clandefline running of uncuffomed goods* and preventing frauds relating to the cufloms; to the encouragement of the felk manufactures* and for taking off feveral duties on merchandize exported* and reducing other duties; to prevent the clan- * def ine running of goods, and the danger of infection thereby $ to the premiums upon mqfls* yards, and bowfprits, tar* pitch, and turpentine 5 to the encouraging the growth of coffee in his Ma-jeffy's plantations in America; to the free importation of cochineal and indico; to the prohibiting the importation j)f books reprinted, abroad, and firjl compofed, written, and printed in Great Britain; to the bounty on the exportation of Britifh-tfW* cordage; to the free importation of certain raw hides and fkins from Ireland, and the Britifh plantations in America; to the regulating the fees of officers of the cufloms, and naval officers in America ; to the preventing the fpreading of the contagious diforder among the horned cattle in Great Britain; and to extend the provifions of an aCl of the twelfth year of the reign of Kbig George the Firjl* for the improvement of bis Majefiys revenues of cufloms* excife* and inland duties* fo far as relates to the commencing projections for penalties again]} the revenue of cufloms to fubfequent a fls.

[17 H E R E A S the laws herein-aftermentioned* which have by ex- preamble.

V V perience been found ufefuland beneficial* are near expiring; may t therefore plcafe your Majefty that it may be enaded; and be it naded by the King’s molt excellent majclly, by and with the dvice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and com-nons, in this prefent parliament alfembled, and by the autho-ity of the fame. That a claufe in an ad, made in the ninth claufe in aft md tenth years of the reign of his late majefty King IVilliam 9& *? Gul. 3. he Third, intituled. An aCl to fettle the trade to Africa, for al- allowing a owing* during a limited time* a drawback of the duties upon the th^exporati-)ortation of copper tars importedy and which claufe was to cpnti- tion of copper :iue in force for thq term of thirteen years, and from thence to bars imported, he end of the then next feflion of parliament; and which claufe, revived by 1* ifter the expiration thereof, was, bv an acf, made in the twelfth Annse, refpec* year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anniy revived, and lir?ejaf*iin" :ontinued; and alfo a provifo in the laft-mentioned ad contain- theEaft indie* ?d, that no drawback ftiould be allowed on the exportation of and Barbary any copper, but fuch as had been, or (hould be, imported from only, the	and the coaftofjB^r^ry only; and which faid claufe and continued

and provifo, by feveral fubfequent ads of the thirteenth year of the bY ad 13 Geo.

reign *• ,**Mfl*

Digitized by L.ooQle

558	Anno	dedmo	quarto	Georgii	III.	c.	85.	[1774

Geo. «. and 6 reign of his late Majefty King George the Firft, and of the & Gea 3. till teenth, twenty-fixth, and thirty-fecond years of the reign < June 14., 1774. jatc majc(^y King George the Second, and of the fixfhye: of the reign of his prefent Majefty, were continual umD ti twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred asdic venty-four, and from thence to the end of the then nextidfe further con- of parliament, (hall be, and the fame are hereby further co tinued until tinued, from the expiration thereof, until the twenty-fourth d June 14,1781. cf JUney one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, and fro thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament. Claufes in aft II. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Th

5	9co# 1 Ttm the feveral ejaufes in an aft, made in the fifth year of the red

reign8gw>o** of his roajefty King George the Firft, intituled. An a8 agai taken at (ea, clandefline running of uncuftomed goods \ and for the more ejftax &c,	preventing of frauds relating to the cujloms; relating to fuch tores

goods, wares, and tnerchandifes, as (hall be taken in at fea, c: of any (hip or veffel, in order to be landed or put into any oth (hip or veffel, or boat; and alfo relating to goods not reponc and found after clearing (hips, and whereby farther remedies si provided againft relanding goods prohibited to be worn in tb kingdom, and foreign goods (hipped out for pans beyond rh feas; and alfo relating to the opening or altering the package 1 goods on board (hips outward bound ; and alfo relating to be vering (hips or veffels of tRe burthen of fifty tons, or unde and alfo concerning the bales or package in which coflee (hi be exported ; and alfo relating to rum imported in ca(ks or vd fels not containing twenty gallons at the lead; and alfo rehtm to certificate goods entered in order to be exported to Irekti which were to have continuance for the term of three years fire: the feveral times of the commencement thereof, and from thcnc the end of the then next feflion of parliament refpeftively; ac *nd by aft 9 which, by feveral fubfequent acts, paffed in the ninth year c Geo 1. *,8, his faid Majcfty’s reign, and in the fecond, eight, fifteenth, £x i5,16, 20, teenth, twentieth, twenty-feventh, and thirty-third years oftfo

6	33 Geo. reign 0f 1^5 jale rnajefty King George the Second ; and of tr

continued un- feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, were fartbc til Sept. 29, continued, from the expiration thereof, until the twenty-nid 1774.	day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fcuf

and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of park further con- ment, (hall be, and the fame is hereby further continued, froc turned till the expiration thereof, to the twenty*ninth day of Septealr Sept.»9i I7*1* on thoufand feven hundred and eighry-one, and from theac to the end of the then next feflion of parliament.

Aft 8 Geo. 1. HI. And be it further enafted by the authority iforctf relating to the That fo much of an aft, made in the eighth year of thereto encourage- his late majefty King George the Firft, for the eneouragemnt4 ?fr^eg the filk manufactures of this kingdom; and for taking off fevered k manu a ur $	mercfoanfi[i%	exported	5	and	for reducing tbrdutm uponhtoit

Jkins, pepper, mace, cloves, and nutmegs imported; and form portation of all furs of the produce of the Britifh plant at tenuntt fi kingdom only j and that the two cor volitions or a/Jtrrances in enj jH

559

1774*3 A°n0 d$eimo quarto Georgii III. C. 86.

brought on their polices Jhall be liable only to Jingle damages and cojls of fait ^ *9 relates to, the encouragement of the (ilk manufactures of this kingdom; and to the taking off feveral duties on mer-chindifes exported, which was to continue in force for three years* from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and twenty-two, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament} and which by feveral fubfe- and byafl u quent a efts, made in the eleventh year of the reign of his late Geo ’• *> *• majefty King George the Firft, and in the fccond, eighth, fif- 2& teeiStb, twentieth, twenty-fixth, and thirty-fecond years of the ^Geo. y* reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and of the continued till llxth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, hath been conti- June a** 1774. nacd until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, (hall be, and the fame is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof until the twenty- further con-fburth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty- tu,ued t|Jl one, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of par- Junc l7*u liament.

IV. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Aft 8 Geo. 1. That an aft, made in the eighth year of the reign of his late and ieveral majefty King George the Firft, intituled. An ad to prevent the ^s^to pre-chndejline running of goods, and the danger of infc Elion thereby; and vent clandef-to prevent Jbips breaking their quarantine; and to fubjeCt copper orey tine running of the production of the Britifh plantations, to fuch regulations <7 j of goods, other enumerated commodities of the like production are fubjeCt, which was to be in force for two years from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and twenty-two, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; and which by feveral fubfequent afts (except the claufes obliging all (Exception.) (hips and veffels to perform quarantine,) was to have further continuance to the firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty-feven, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; and which, by an aft, made in the and by aft twentieth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the *© Geo. %. Second, was intended to be further continued to the firft day 0f ^°ntinue<i t5U J June9 one thoufand feven hundred and fifty-four, but by miftake, ^unc 19,75*# the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty-feven was infert-cd therein, inftead of the faid year one thoufand feven hundred and fifty-four; and which, by feveral fubfequent afts, made in and by fubfc* the twenty-firft, twenty-feventh, and thirty-third years of the <luent a^s °* reign of his faid Jate Majefty, and of the feventh year of the Geo*7*, and reign of his prefent Majefty, was further continued, from the 7 Geo. 3. expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth day of September one conrinued till thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four, and from thence to Sept, ag, 17749 the end of the then next feflion of parliament, (hall be, and the fame is hereby further continued, from the expiration thereof, further con-until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven ^noed till * hundred and eighty-one, and from thence to the end of the then	17	**

next feflion of parliament.

V. And whereas by the faid lajl-rccited	made in the eighth year

*f

6

Digitized by boodle

Aa 8 Geo. i. recited, re-fpe&ing the running of prohibited goods.

A Capias to be Sflued againft perfons prosecuted for offences committed agsLnft the aa.

Aa * Geo. »• for the preservation of his Majefty's woods in America! See.

Anrio cteclmo quarto GtoRGti III. c. 86. [17748

of the reign of his late majejly King George the firjt, reciting I “ and whereas Several perfons, guilty of the chndeftine rtintiiq of brandy, or other cttjlomable or prohibited goodly or of receiving fuS goods, knowing the fame to have been fo run% do frequently fenrst from their ufual places of abode into fame othtr country, and are tbe4\ called by other than their true names, to avoid their being profecutd with effeft for Juch their notorious offences; it is therefore, omagjl other things, enabled by the faid recited afty That if any perfon or peu fons /ball be guilty of any offence or offences, contrary to the true intrtt and meaning of that or any other aft of parliament made for tht prt+ venting clandefiine running of brandy, or other cuflomable or pr:hith ted goodsi or of receiving Juch goods> into his or their houfe, Jhop, it ivarekoufcy (ujtody> or poffefftony knowing the fame to be fo run \ fnh perfon and perfons /ball and may be profecuted for any of the of mis or matters aforefaid, by aftiony billy plaint, or information, and there-upon a Capias, in the firjl procefsy fpecifying the fum of the penalty fued for9 /ball and may iffue; and fuch perfon or perfons /had k obliged to give fuffuient bailor feeunty9 by natural-born fubjtSs or denizens»to the perfon or perfons to whom fuch Capias /hall be ding-id, to appear in the court out of which fuch Capias /hall iffuty at tie day of return of fuch writy to anfwer Juch fuit and profecution\ &\l /hall likewifty at the time of fuch appcaringy give /efficient bail or fe-turity by juch perfons as aforefaid9 in the faid courty to anfwer oil pay all the forfeitures and penalties incurred for fuch offence or cffen:i>% in cafe he or they /hall be convifted thereof \ or to yield his or their hdj or bo diet to prijdn: ” and whereas it is expedient, that the prwifia herein-before mentionedJbould extend to offences committed againft crj aFl of parliament for preventing frauds in his Maje/ys revenue:/ cudomsy which bath been or may be made after the pa/Jing of the foil in part recited aft \ be it therefore cnaflcd by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the paffing of this aft, a Capias, in the firft procefs, requiring bail and feeurity, in the manner diretfetf by the faid recited a cl, (hall and may iflue, in like manner, againft any perfon or perfons profecuted for any offence committed contrary to the true intent and meaning of any or a<5t$ of parliament now made, or hereafter to be made, for preventing the clandeftine importing, running, or exporting, or relanding, any cuftomable or prohibited goods whatfoever, or for receiving fuch goods into his or their houfe, (hop, or ware-houfe, cuftody, or poffeffion, knowing the fame to be fo prohibited, run, or relanded; anycuftom or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

VI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That fo much of an a<5t, made in the fecond year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, for the better pre-fervation of his Majefty’s woods in America; and for the encouragement of the importation of naval (lores from thence; and to encourage the importation of mails, yards, and bow-fprits, from that part of Great Britain called Scotland, as relates to the premiums upon mads, yards* and bowfprits, tar, pitch, and turpentine, which was to continue in force from the twenty-

ninth

Digitized by

Google

774*] Anno decimo quarto Georgia III. c.86.	561

inth day of September, pne thoufand feven hundred and twenty-

inc, for the term of thirteen years, and to the end of the then

ext feflion of parliament and which, by feveral fubfequcnt and by afts

Sts, made in the thirteenth and twenty-fourth years of his faid ,3» *+» *5* &

Lte Majefty’s reign, was further continued until the twenty-

fth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and fifty-one, amended and

ad from thence to the eqd of the then next feflion of parlia- continued till

lent} and which, by another aft, made in the twenty-fifth Junc *774#

ear.of the reign of his faid late Majefty, was amended and fur-

ner continued until the twenty-fifth day of March* one thouT

md feven hundred and fifty-pight; and which, by another act,

lade in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his faid late Ma-

tfy, was further continued until the twenty-fourth day,of Jane*

ne thoufand feven hundred and fixty-fix, and from thence to

he end of the then next feflion of parliament} and which, by

nother aft, made in the fixth year of the reign of his prefent

lajefty, was further continued until the twenty-fourth day of

fune* one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four, and from

Sence to tHe end of the then next feflion of parliament; (hall to be further

C, and the fame is hereby further continued, from the expirar continued till

ion thereof, until the twenty-fourth day of June* one thoufand

jven hundred and eighty-one, and from thence to the end of

tie then next feflion of parliament,

VII.	. And be it further enafted by the authority afbrefaid. Aft 5 Geo. *«

That an s^ft, made in thfe fifth ye^r or the reign of his late ma- for encourage sfty King, George the Second> for encouraging the growth ofin£th* offeeiphis Majefty’s plantations in America* which was to con-	°*

inue;ip fprce from the twenty-fifth day of March* one thoufand *

:vep j hqndf.ed and thirty-five, until the twenty-fifth day of

Warcbt 000 thoufand fevep hundred and thirty-nine, and from

hencp 10 the en£ of the t hear, next feflion of parliament; and and by aftt ‘

vhich, by feveral fubfequcnt afts, made in the eleventh, nine- *i» l9»*5»&

eenth, twenty-fifth, and tfiirty-fecond years of his faid late

dajefty’s reign, and of the fixth year of the reign of his prefect continued HI!

dajefty, was further continued, from the expiration thereof June 24, 17/4,

intil the twenty-fourth day of June, one -thqufand feven hun-

Ired and fevpoty.four, and from thence to the end qf the then

text feflion of parliament, except fuch part thereof as relates to (Exception.)

he importation and exportation of foreign coffee into and from

he Britijh colonies and plantations in America, (hall be, and the

ame wis hereby further continued from the qxpjration thereof, further con-

intil the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hun- tinucd rill

Ired and eighty-one, and from thence to the end of the then ^utt8 I78,#

icxt feflion of parliament.. ,

VIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Aft 7 Geo. u That ap aft, made in the feventh year of the reign of his late for the free Ma]efty, intituled. An aft for the revival of an aft* made in the lr]?PortKa.tior} hirteenth year of the reign of his late majejly King George the Firjl* £c^oc inea 9 ntltuled, An aft for the free importation of cochineal during the

ime therein limited ; and alfo for the free importation of iridico ;	'

*hich was to continue in force from the twenty-fourth day of

Digitized by

Google

$6i

till Sept. *9, J774*

further eon-tin ued till

Sept. 19,17*1

Aft i« Geo. s

prohibiting the importation or books reprinted abroad. See.

" Anno declmo quarto-GEORaii HI. j0s46.	^

Juniy one thoufand feven hundred and thtrtfrfour, fir of feven years, and from thence to tbcend efeAeAensl^| and by 14, 10, fion of parliament; and which, by Several fithfafKi 17, & 35 Geo. ed in the fourteenth, twentieth, twenty-feventh,wnd 1 a. 7 Geo. 3. years of his (aid late Majefty's reign* and oftbe^ was continued t^e	Qf	^ prefent Mtjgfty, was flirt bar cc

the expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth dayaff one thoufand feven hundred and feventy»fmn£ and-fa to the end of the then nextfeilioa of parinunent, 4WlH/r the fame is hereby fnrtbdr continued, from the exfmtfefetbat of, to the twenty-ninth day of September, one thedaarf fee hundred and eighty-one, and from thence to the tad oftbetk next feffion of parliament.

JX. And be it further, enabled by 'die awtfiorby tfcnU That fo much of an aft, made in the twelfth year of theare .of his late Majefty, intituled. An aft for prohibitingrtbt mfru tion of booh reprinted abroad, and firji compofed or written mtdfnU ed in Great Britain; and for repealing fo mtttb of an *8, mitt the eighth year of the reign of her late majefty jftvmr Annexe* powers the limiting the prices, of booh 5 which a2k was tocootm in force from the twenty-ninth day of September, one-thod* feven hundred and thirty-nine, for the fpace of ieven yean,n from thence to the end of the then next feffion of piriaacnt and by so, 17, and which, fo far as relates to the prohibiting the inportahoi

6	33 Geo. v of books reprinted abroad, and firft compofed orwritteo an

7	Gf° 3d t‘11 Pfintc<* *n Great Britain, by feveral fubfequent afts, mademtb

,7^ twentieth, twenty-feventh, and thirty-third yean of Mitt * Majeft/s reign, and of the ferenth year of the reign of his pt fent Majefty, was further continued, from the expiratioatkft of, until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufadfeva hundred and feventy-four, and frodi thence ta the cadet * then next feffion of parliament, (hail be, and the fane* ha* further continued, from the expiration thereof, to thaaRsn ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred aoddgto one, and from thence to the end of the then next fcffino of fit Jiament.	'

X.	And be it further enafted by the authority afaefchl, Tfc an aft made inthefixth year of the reign of his prefem Jffijefr intituled,An aft for allotting a bounty on the exportatioutf%ti& made cordage; and for difeontinuing the drawbseh upon fmipmg hemp exportedy which'was to be in force from the firft day i? Julyy one thoufand feven hundred^ndftxty^, for tbeterac five* years, and from thence to the end*of the then nexf fificr of parliament; and which by another aft, aside iathemfct year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, was amended aodf* ther continued, for the term of three years* (hall be, and tt: fame is hereby further continued, from the eaffirarfenttorw;' for th$ further term of three years, and front thence ta ttetfc of the then next feffion of parliament.

XI.	And be it further enafted by the authority afortfadrlto* 1 cut mg to the fo much of an aft, made in the nmtb»yearof the rdgaoffo

- ^ x . ptfctJ

further continued till $tpt. 19,17*i<

Aft 6 Geo. 3. for allowing a bounty, on the exportation of Bri-tilb-iUade cordage, &c.

and by aft

xs Geo. 3. was amended and continued,

further continued for three years.

Aft 9 Geo. 3

Digitized

\;

1774-1 ^rnoditifflo qthttw GMoAott lit. C. 86.	5

oMfart Mojcfty, Mfikttos to the froe importation of certain raw free import*. MM *nd m0»4tom Ireland, and the	plantations	in	A-	•*«*

mmimt whichmas to continue in force for five years, from the |“u*.

W day of Jume, one thoufend feven hundred and fixty-nine, ’ rad fruMthnn to the end of the then next fefiirm of parlia-SMU, fturi) he, rad the fame is hereby continued, from the ex- further con-per anon thereof, for the farther term of five years, and from tinued for five thence eo <he end of the then next fefiion of parliament.	yeort.

XU. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. So mocfa of That fe mtsch of two afts, made in the fifth and tenth years of two atti j the reign of his prefent Majefty, sc relates to the reguleting the ,0.Geo' !• ** foes of the ottcers of the cuftotns in America, and for extending	oT*'

the fame to the neval officers there, which was to be in force the cuftom* from the firft day of Augujl, one thoufand feven hundred and >a America, fevanty, for the term of two years, and from thence to the eftd of the then next fefiion of parliament; and which was, by an and which aft made in the twelfth year of his prefent Majefty further con- «*** by aft is tinned, from the expiration thereof, until the firft day of Auguft, 9^-*?** one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four, and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion of parliament, (hall be, and * ’ the feme are hereby further continued, from the expiration farther conti* thereof, until the firft day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hun- nued till dred and feventy-eight, and from thence to the end of the then Aof- l» *771-neat fefiion of parliament.

XIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. Aft to Geo. j.

That an aft, made in the tenth year of the reign of his prefent to prevent tb« Majefty, intituled. An afl to prevent the further	of	the

emtogious dforder among the horned cattle in Great Britain, which the' was to continue in force, from the commencement thereof, un- horned cattle, til the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-one, and from thence to the end of the then noct fefiion of parliament.; and which, by another a<ftr made in and by aft the twelfth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, was further i * Geo. j. continued, from the expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth continued till day of	September, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four, sePt-*>*,774*

and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion of parliament, Hull be, and the feme is hereby further continued, from further conti-tbe expiration thereof, until the twenty-minth day of	nued till Sept,

one thoufend feven hundred and feventy-fix, and from thence *9> >77<* to tbs end of the then next fefiion of parliament.

XIV.	And whereas by an aQ of parliament, made in the twelfth aft n Geo. s. year tf the reign of Us late majefty King George tbe Firft, intituled, recited.

An aft for the improvement of his Majefty’s revenues of the eaftams, excife, mid inland duties, reciting. That great quantities of prohibited goods, and goods liable to the payment of	excife,

or fok duty, are, by	mnUdifpoftd perfensfraudulently landed in this

kingdrn, and goods protended to be flipped outwards, intitled dmobaei or bounty, art frequently not flipped, or after the flipping

thereof relanded, whereby they become liable to fevtral penalties; but ktuwmg	themfihtsfitbjeff to	be profetutei for the faid offences, and

that their frqtdulmt pomSiies may in time be difeovered, do	-	Jf

Vot. XXX.	Pp	I/,

Digitized by Google

5^4

Anno decimo qultto GeoR&i t III, c.8j5.	(1774.

if* before any difcovery can be made by the officers of the revenues, caufe informations to be entered and.fled agafajl themfelves in ferny ef the courts at Wcftminfter or Edinburgh, in the name of Joauffir*

fon or perfons in hist her, or their behalf; and if no difcovery he made

“ ’ ..................................... oftl

of the fuid fraudulent praflices by the qffiters ofthe revenues- lBe JaU informations are never profeeuted; but in cafe the faifl frauds aredif covered by any officer or officers of the revenues, who thereupon enter and file real informations againfl fuck offender and offenders% then either feme fecret agreement or agreements is dr are made by fucb offender or offenders with fycb ptrfon or perjorts who have filed &r exhibited fuch informations on the behalf of furh offender or offenders; or elfe a plea or pleas of priority of fuit is or are pleaded in-tar ef fkcb real informations profeeuted by the officers of the ryvfnues, wherwbyelu faid offenders evade the feveral penalties infixed by law to jbt prejudice of the crown, and ofo the difeouragement, of real prof editions : for prevention of which fraudulent practices, it is by the find att enabled^ That it /hall rot be lawful for any ptrfon or perfons wkit-foever to enter, or caufe or procure to be enteredy filed, or prffeacted^any information or informations, in any of the Jaid c our if againfl any per jo* or perfonst for the recovery of any penalty or penalties irffitded by any of the laws of ibe cvjloms, excife, and the duty upon fait) utflefs she fame be entered) filed) and profeeuted) in the name of kis Mffyfty’s attorney general) or in the name or names of fome officer or officers ef fame & one of the cfore faid revenues of cu/ioms, excfe$ or fait duty ; and if any information or informations is or are entered fa tiny of her perfons name or names than as is before mentioned, the fame, and &U proceedings thereupon kad% are thereby declared to be null and void, and the

faid court or courts, where fuch information or informations is, are, or Jhall be Jo entered, filed, or profeiuted, Jhall vet permit qr foffer,ary

proceeding or proceedings to be had thereupon% and,Jhall caufe juth is* formation or informations to be taken off the file: and whereas, firct ibe pajfing of the Jaid recited at7, various pecuniary penalties havy been inflicted by fcvcral afts of parliament again/} perfons importing various goods and commodities, which art prohibited to be imported into or worn or u fed in this kingdom„ and againfl perfons working up fitch goods y or felting or expofing the fame to joky or for having fuels goods in their houfes,fhops, warehet/jes, cujlody, or poffiffion, for thofepur-pofes, one moiety of which penalties are given by law to his Mcjtfiy, and the other moiety to any ptrfon who will fue Qnd profecute for lit fame: and whereas there is rcafon to believe that fevfrol projefutim have been commenced for fucb penalties by common informers, who have* in confequence thereof extorted various fumt of money from his Majtjly s fubj(tJS) and flopped fuch projections without any legal authority, or accounting to bis Mjejly Jor any part of the mar^ey fi received by them; for preventing luch pradtic^ in future* be it and-Afwt paf- therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid, That fronq ^rxl fmfcot <hi* after the parting of this a<5t, the faid herein-bqfpre in part rpcit-a£h to^extend a(c^ made in the twelfth year of the reign ,of hi$ late majefty x>t* penalties8 King George the Firft, Ihall extend, and be d$eroe$ to.extend, tor prohibited to the fuing for, profecuting, and recovering, ftfanypenalty oc food*, penalties inflicted by any ad or adts of parliament now .made*

C(

Digitized by v^ooQie

5*5

774-} Amid declnto quarto GtokGll III. c.8?.

thereafter to be’made, for preventing the importation, wear, r ufe, 6f any* prohibited goods or commodities whatfoever in nS kingdom, where his Majftty, his heirs of fucceflors, is, are, r may be intitled to any part or (hate of the penalty or penal-es thereby incurred; any law, cuftottl, or ufage, to the con-ary in any-wfa mot withstanding.

V v C A P* LXXXVI1.

fn at1 to prevent the mifchiefsthat arife from driving cuttle within the cities of London and Weftrninft<?r, and liberties thereof and the bills of mortality.

[17 H E,R E A S the improper and cruel manner In which cattle Preamble,

T V are driven from Smithfield market, within the city 5/Lon-, on, through the Jlreett of the /aid city and liberties thereofy the city rWcftminfter, and the bills of mortality, has occafoned great mif-hief and endangered the lives of many of his Majejly s liege fuhje fls xhabiting therein; for preventing whereof for the future, may it leafe your moffexcellent Majefty that it may be ensued ; and e it enatfted by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with le advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and ammons, in this prefent parliament aflembled; and by the au-mrity of the fame. That from and after the palling of this aft, Any perfon*

' any perfon or perfons, who (hall be hired or employed to driving cattle rive any cattle within tile faid cities of London or IVejlminfer, \vcftmin(tcar f the liberties thereof, or the bills of mortality, (hall, by negli- amj being the cnce, or ill ufage, in the driving fuch cattle, be the means that cauftof mif-ny mifchief (hall be done by fuch cattle, or by any one or more chief done by f them, Which (hall be committed to his, her, or their care; fucJ*cattle» r if any driver or drivers of cattle within the limits aforefaid,1 lall in any-wife milbehave himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves, in driving, care, or management of any fuch cattle, by the im-roper driving, treating, or ufing of fuch cattle; then, and in conftablesto ny of the faid cafes, and fo often as any of them (hall happen, fecu,e and : lhall and may be lawful to or for any conftable, or other offenders*to eacc officer, upon view thereof, or information of any perfoti fame julticej r perfons, (who (hall declare, his her, or their name or names, nd place or places of abode, to the faid conftable, or other eace officer,) to feize and fecure, by the authority of this aft, nd without any other warrant to convey fuch offender or of-rnders before fome juftice of the peace of the faid cities of London or fPeJIminflery or within the bills of mortality, and the arty or parties accufed being brought before fuch juftice within riiofe jurifdiftion the offence (hall be committed, fuch juftice hall proceed to examiile, upon Oath, any witn$fs or witneffes vho (nail appear or be produced to give information touching	{?“*

ucH dffence, (which oath the faid juftice, is hereby authorifed confelfion,

,nd required to adminiftcr;) and if the party or parties accufed &c he lhall hall be convifted of any fuch offence, either by his, her, °,r for*,t “ol heir 6wn cortfcffion, or upon fuch information, as aforefaid, he, he, or they, fo convifted, (hall forfeit and pay any Turn not ex-

P p 2	ceeding

Digitized by

Google

month, or

publicklv

whipped.

Informers nrgle&ing to attend to forfeit not exceeding 40 s. nor leu than 90S*

Anno docimp quarto GeoRGU III. C.87% {*774-

deeding twenty (bUlings, nor lefs than five (hjj lines, to^ fri per* fon or perfons who fnall profecutc to conviction aiiy fuA bfc fender or.offenders* and if the perfon of pcttifhdtb cOqvidcd frail refufe or not be able forthwith to ppj ttieliim forfe^cd, jcvery fuch offender (hall, by warrant under the hand aifcid fe# of fbme juftice of the peace within whole jurifd'uftion the perfon be committed offending {hall be convidled, be committed to the houfc of cor-forone rediion, or fome other prifon within the cities of Lands* or Wtjlminjier, or liberties thereof, or within the bills of mortality* within which the offence (hall nave been committed, or the offender (hall be apprehended, there to be kept to hard labour for any time' not exceeding one month, or (hall be publickly whipped, as fuch jufticc (ball think, fit and order.

II.	And be it further enadied by the authority aforekid, That in cafe the perfon or perfons giving fuch information as afore-faid (hall ncele# or refufe to attend, without fome lawful ex-cufe, to be allowed by the juft ice, fuch conftable,' or other peace officer, within the fpace of fix hours from the time of making fuch information, he, (he, or they, fo offending, (halt* upon proof being made on the oath of fuch conftable pr peace officer, that fuch perfon had given fuch information as aforefaid, (which path the laid jufticc is hereby authorifed and required to hdmi-nifter,) forfeit and pay any fum not exceeding forty (hillings, jior lefs than ten (hillings, to fuch conftable or peace officer; and in cafe the fame (hall not, upon demand being made by foch conftable or peace officer, be forthwith paid, the fame fhaU‘be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch juftice.

III.	And be it further enabled. That the courr of mayor and a)dermen of the city of London for the time being (hall have full powet and authority to make,, frame, and fet down, in Wrltihg, iuch reasonable rules, orders, or ordinances, for governing and

________ regulating all perfons who (hall drive any cattle, fheejp, calves,

and annex pc* or Jambs, within the faid cities of London or lltejlmivjliry and wait*** liberties thereof, or the bills of mortality, and to annex rca&n-able penalties and forfeitures for the breach of fuch rules, orders, and ordinances, not exceeding forty (hillings, nor lets than ten (hillings, for any one offence ; and fuch rules? orders, andorldi-nartces, or any of them, from time to time to alter ami am&iL Not to abridge . IV. Provided always, and be it enacted. That npthlijg in the nuuket	t!)is a<5t contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend to iim-

boursf	power the faid court of mayor and aldermen to (horteb of

^br\dge the time for keeping the faid market open; buf mat the ' dme fliail be kept open from the hour of twelve of the clock ar .'i w P‘ght till the hour of three of the clock in the aftyrnoofibn the feveral market d*ys, and at n6 other hours, unkfe tbe&idcourt of mayor and aldermen (hall judge it proper "to enlarge ifie^time for keeping It open.	'J

Court of mayor and aldermen im powered to nuke reafon-abtc rules,

Powers of the juftices of peace of both cities.

And btf it further eoadted by the authority afotefaid, That any one jutlice of the peace of the citijes ot lfOmfon Qr os' Within the bills of mortality 1	j	pftrif*

Digitized by kjOOQle

. t 1 * , .

1774.3 Anrto decimo quarto Georgii III. c. $7-

jurifdidfion any offence IhaUbe committed, (hill havebowef to hear and dmermjne. in a fummary way, complaint^ dfloffcricep that tUf ^mmitted contrary to any of the rule$t Orders, qt ordinances, at apy tftne hereafter tq be made' by the ftftd court the mayor and aldermen in purfuarice of this zSt; and the laid jnlf iqe of jurtices, and each of them refpedhvely within their refpcdiive jurifdidjfrons, is and are hereby authorifed and require	/	:

ed, upon view, jor upon complaint made on oath*to them rq~ fpe^tively of any fuch offence committed within their refpcdUve jujifdidVions/contrary to fuch rules, orders, or ordinancesf within fix days after thecotmniffion of any fuch offence, to iffue Ins or their warrant or warrants, under his hand and feat, or .their hands and teals, djredled to fuch conftables, or other peace	;

office/ br officers, as the faid juftice or juftices, or any one of them* (hall, from time to time, think fit, thereby requiring |iim or them to apprehend fuch offender or offenders, and to brin^him, hef, or them, before the faid juftice or juftices, or any one of them, within their refyedtive jiirisdidlions, to anfwer ‘the matters of comphunt to be contained in fuch warrant or warrants: and if fuch offended or offenders (hall be convidted,

"either by bis* her, or their confeflion, or by the oath of one or

more credible witnefs or witnefles, (which oath fuch juftice or

juftices rcfpcdHvcly, or any one of them, is and are hereby

authorifed and required to adminifter,) it (hall be lawful for

tuch juftice or juftices, or any one of them, to iihpofe a firffe

upon him, her, or them, for the faid offence, not exceeding the

penalty or penalties which (hall be inflidted in and by the faid

rules, orders,, and ordinances $ sfnd if the perfon or periods (b

convidted (hah neglect or refufe forthwith to pay the penalty or ~ A ‘ '

forfeiture impofed upon him, her, or them, it (nail and may We

lawful for fuch juftice or juftices, or one of them, in his or tnefr v, ^ r

refpedHve jurifdjdtions, immediately to commit the perfon or y i .

perfons convidted tq the houfe of corredtion, or other prifon	;

within the jurifdidlion of fuch juftice or juftices fefpedHveiy, qr ' t 0

any One of them, there to be kept to hard labour for any time

not exceeding one month, unlefs the faid. penalty or forfeitures

(hall be fooner paid; all which penalties and forfeitures (hall g0

and be paid to the perfon or perfons who (hall inform and pro*

iccute jo convidjfion any fuch offender or offenders.

VI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Offender That if any perfon, who (hall be apprehended for having com- concealing nutted any offence againft this adt, (hall refufe to difeover hij, ^tobe**1*

. bcr, or their nadie or names, and place or place* of 4bode, to committed to thle juftice or juftices before whom he, (he, or they, (hall be the houfe of :Jbfought, fucji perfon or perfons fo refuting (hall immediately bfe correftion, delivered oyer to a conftable, or other peace officer, arid (hall by "him be conveyed to the common gaol, or houfe of corredtion* of the county or place where the offence (hall be committed, or :the offender or offenders (hall be apprehended, there to remain } jbr Jhe ^pace of oi>e mpnth, or until he, (be, or they, (hall cfef- / .

^Ive bis, her, or thgir name or name^ and place or places of

Pp 3	abode

Digitized by Google

Ahftraft hereof, See. to be printed and affixed up m confpicuous places.

Juftices may mdorfe war-*rantsf and try offenders, or leturn them to the firft lattice.

No perfon to futfer punilh-meht, if the pro ecution ii not commenc ed within 14 days after committed.

Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 87/	1*774*

abode, to the faid juftice, or to fome other juftice of the peace r pf the faid codnty or place.'	'	'■	!

YU* Provided neyerth^lefs, and be it eha&ecj by ithe*authority aforefaid, That an abftracl of the feveral pfovifions and pehalftes contained in this a<ft, and alt fuch rules, orders/ and ordinances,1 fo to be made from time to time by the faid Court of mayor and aldermen, fliall, within fourteen days after the' making of fuch rules, orders, and ordinances, be printed and affixed uponYach of the mod confpicuous plades within the faid cities of Lcnitn and JVeJlminJier, and liberties thereof, and bills Of mortality, iq fuch manner as the faid court (hall think propef, and from time to time order.

VIII.	And be it, further cna&ed, That in cife any perfon againft whom a warrant fhall be ifllied by any juft ice of the peace, either before or after conviction, as aforefaid, for any offence againft this a<ft, or againft fuch rules, orders,' and ordinances, hereafter to be made, as aforefaid, (hall fefcape, go into, refide, or be in any other county, city, liberty, town, or place, put of the jurifdidlion of the perfon granting' fuch warrant or warrants .as aforefaid 5 of if the goods and chattels of any offender, convicted of any offence in purfuance of this a<ff, fhall be in a different county, city, liberty, town, orpface, than where the faid party was convicted, or the warrant of diftrefs granted, it (hall and may be lawful for any juftice of the peace of the county, city, liberty, town, or place, ihto which fuqh perfoti fhall efcape, either before or after conviction, or where his goods ■and chattels (hall be after fuch conviction, and they, and efcery of them, are hereby required, within their refpWtive jurifdiCfi-ons, upon proof made upon oath of the hand writing of the faid juftice granting fuch warrant or warrants, to indorfe his of their name or names on fuch warrant, and the fame, wfiefl fo indorfed, (hall be a fufficient authority to all peace officers to execute fuch warrant in fuch other county, city, liberty, town, or place, out of the jurifdiction of the perfon granting the faia warranty and the faid juftices refpe&ively, or any one of them, as the cafe (hall happen, after indorfing the faid warrant, may, on the offender or offenders being apprehended and brought before the faid juftices, or any one of them, within their reflective jurifdi&ions, proceed to hear and determine the complaint in the fame manner as if it had originally arofe within rheir refpeCtive jurifdiCtions, or may direCt the offender to be carried to the perfon who granted the faid warrant, to be dealt with according to the law.

IX.	Provided always, and be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That no perfon (hall fuffer any punilhrtretlt for any , offence committed againft this aCt, unlefs the profedation fof . the fame be commenced within fourteen days after the offeoge (hall be committed ; and that when any perfon (hall TiiffeftS-prifooment purfuant totbisaft, for any offence contrary there!** 'in default, of payment of any penalty hereby impqfed, or (hall hereaftej be uppofed, for the breach of imyofibetWe^, ord&i

Digitized by v^,ooQle

iy74*3 . Anno doqirno quarto GeoRGII III, c. 87.	569

and ortij.n^nces, wbichJhall or m^y be made by the court of mayor and aldermen, as aforefaid, Uich perfon (hall not'be lia-^ feie afterwards tp pay fupli penalty.

X.	.Provided alfo,, and be it ena<fted by the authority afore- perfon<jra‘ .* faia, *Tbat if any perfon or perrons (hall think him, her, orgrieved *S*y them (elves, aggrieved by the order pr judgement of any juftj^e appeal tot* e of the peace, upon account of any offence compiitted, or fup- next general pkofol .to "be committed, againft this a£fc, it (hall and may be ^rtCf • Jawful for fuch perfon or perfops to appeal to the next general0111* or quarter fe(lions of the peace, to be holden for the county, cjty, or place, where any fuel) convi&ion fhall be made, the perfon or perfons fo appealing firft giving Security in the futn forfeited* before fuch juftice or juftices, in their refpeflive jurif-di^iqns* to. profecutf fuch appeal with effect, and to abide by the order or orders .which (hall be made on fuch appeal, and giving fourteen days notice, in writing, of fuch intention to appeal to the party or parties an whofe profecution fuch convidlion was founded, if there ate fo many days between the time of the conviction apd fuch general or quarter feflions, and if there arc not, then to the next fubfequent general or quarter feffion which fhall be held after any fuch conviction ; and the juftices, in the faid geperaj Qr quarter felfions, are hereby authonfed to hear and determine every fuch appeal, and to make fuch order therein, and to award fuch cofts, as to them (hall appear to be juft $ and to caufe to he levied, under the order of any fuch felfion, the cofts which (hall he awarded, together with fuch fum of money a$ any fuch court of felfion, on the .hearing any fuch appeal, fhall adjudge to be forfeited, by diftrefs and faleof the goods aofl chattels of the perfon who (hall retufe to pay fuch cofts and fun* of money forfeited, or of the perfon or perfons who lhali b^ve become furety or fureties for him, as aforefaid.

XI,	Provided alfo, and be it enafled, That no order or pro- No order to ceedings, tp be, made or had by or before any juftice of the be vacated foe peace by virtue of this act, (hall be qualhed or vacated for want want of form, of form ; and that the order of the juftices, at their general or ble^0?^^ quar/er feflioQS withii) their feveral jurifdi&ions, (hall be final; ran• and that no proceedings of any fuch juftices out of felfion, or in their (aid general or quarter feflions, in purfuance of this adtf iftalj be Temoveable by Certiorari, or otherWife.

XU, And, for the more eafy and fpeedy convi&ion of offen^Form °f coiu dfrs againft this a6t, be it further ena&ed. That all and every viftl0n* the juftice and juftices of the peace, before whom any perfon or perfons (hall be convi<£ted of any offence againft this adt, (hall and may caufe the convidiion to be drawn up in the following form of wor<js, or in any other form of words to the fame effedt*

H the cafe IhaJl happen j (videlicet,)

BE it remembered, That on the	day	of

4	in	the	year	of	our lord

;	A,	B	.is convifled before me. C. IX

Qneof bit Mflyejlys juftices of the peace for the cities of London or

P p 4	;	Weftminrtcjr

Digitized by L-ooQle

Anoodftnaio^o0tftfisQiKM!UIo<(hS8. O774.

i. ?'rWeftmirtfter, er	the usmtyof Middlefee^WtArrarf. tipnan mftfi

<i^iu v)b	fitne	eton the ootb.efone *r wurt crtdihU .witnefs	(a*

.vi .lvi ,r" thecafe (h»H be,)^ virtue- of an ail, made in tie fwiimtbykm f^pfeht reign ef bis	vajefiy’King. George the fhind, to prerene'fho

iQifcbicfs that arife from driving cattle wirbin.the citiea of den and Weftwefltr* a udJi berries thereof, aod tbebiffs.of ««» taltty,\[fpeoifying the offeoee, and time andv ^iaoe when and where the fame was committed, as the safe-,(hajl.be. J . Omen uhdar	my bendmdftal,	the day above tvriften.'^... ■ 1

i	'J’ :	r	*	’	a	-	'	’	*

...	,	• XIII.1 And be it fdrtber. enafted by the authority aforefaid^

«ATon«?°n °* That *f *ny aftion or fuit (hall be brought or Commenced' agamft any perfon or perfbns, for any thing dorietn-purfbanoe-of 'this aft, it fhall be brought or commenced Within -fix calen-’ ,i :■ - dor months next after every fuch caufe of aftipn (hall have an-'

"• j;	crued, and not afterwards, and (ball be brought^-hid, and cried,

'	'	in the county, city, or place, in which fbch offence fhallhavc

been committed, and not effewhere; and thedefeadaat or de-' General ifliie. fondants in fuch aftion or (ujt, may plead the general due, and give this aft, and the fpecial matter, in evidence, at^ny trial or trials which (hall be had thereon, and that the. fame-was done in purfuance and by authority of this ad: and if the fame (hall ■'	:	’appear	to have been fo done, or if any fiich aftioa orfuir fhall'

*	,	pot be commenced within the time before limited, or fluff be

• „ , . laid or brought in any other county, city, or place thin where the offence mall have been committed; then, and inany of fuch cafes, the jury or juries (hell find for the defendant or defendants t .or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall became .nonfust, or; (hall difeontinue his a-Sion or a<51ions, or if judgement (hah be given for the defendant or defendants tlierein; then, and in any >' of the cafes aforefaid, fuch defendant or defendants dhaH have Treble cods, treble cofis, and fhall have fuch remedy for recovering the feme, > as aojt defendant or defendants hath or may hawe for his or tbdr cofts in any other cafes by law.	-	<

The aft to XIV. And be it further enabled, That this aft (hall continue ttue^yeanf in<* b* 'n for the term of three years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament.

Publick aft. XV. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That this aft (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a pitbjjck- aft; and be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all. judges, juftices, and other perfons whatfoever, without fpecudiy pleading the feme.

’ ; ' ■' CAP. LXXXVI1I. „ ■	■

Jts altterftaWJb' a fund	to fifeebargts ef

■	the	aimmfirationef	juJHcef fupport ef government.

'ttiiitirt province of Quebcfc,	America. j‘( L.v’ ! lV,

preamble. YXV- H E; fyE A,,S certain	tmfofedyby	lhr.eutberityde£]

pertain duties M bn nn/iebri/luin. M^efy, upon wine, rime bwniy, Eau ee WBo(edby fit Y?*? tetb{prtyime of	mW;

Digitized by LyOOQle

*7X4-*] Arfao tiecJmo quarts Gtorgii in. cr88o	g/*

tbrpravhu* offQuebec, andedfi a ditty of three pounds pcf Cenftnfc W>ftchriti*a id V fdoretD1 upon Hbdey goods importod into, and exported from, tbe majefty upon faid province, iohitb duties Jubfftedat tbe time of tbe furomdetef the	br*®d3J

ffrd\proviruc toyokr 'MejeftfS'forces in tbe late war: And ^bereas^^^^r it is Expedient that tbe jatd duties fbetdd teafe and be iiftoutmtti; and ebahin died an&ikfledi thereof, other duties Jbould be rarfed by tbe authority of parliament, for making a more adequate prmdfrm for do* frayrdg the tbaigeyf tbe adminif?ration of fuftice, and tbe Jupport of fitul government in the faid provinte: We, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament afiembled, do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be;ena&ed; and be It enacted by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent df the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, ip this prefeot parliament afiemhled, and by the authority of the fame. That from after April j, apd after the fifth day of April, ond tboafand feven hundred aod *7/5» *? ** feventy-five, all the dories which were impofed upon rum, bran- *itota°the dy, Eau de Vie dr UfOeur, within the faid province, and alfo of province, three pounds per Centum ad Valorem, on dried goods imported into, or exported from, the faid province, under the authority of his moftrckriftian Majefty, (hall be, and are hereby difconti-nued; and thar in lieu and in ftead thereof, there (hall, from and and in (lead of after the (aid fifth day of April, one thoufimd feven hundred and ** ldirenfcy«five, beraifed, levied, colle&ed, and paid, unto his Ma- to belaid \o jefty, his heirs and Aicceflors, for and upon the refpedhve goods his Majefty. herein-aftermeritioned, which (hall be imported or brought into an^ pact of tbe (aid province, over and above all other duties now payable la the fiud province, by any a& or alts of parliament, the feveraf rates and duties following; that is to fay,

) *

'For bK(7«ltoa of brandy, or other fpirits, of the manage* The rate*, tyre of	GreatBrinrin,	three-pence.

v£or every gallon of rum, or other fpirits, which fhall be imported or brought from any of his Majefty’s fugar colonies in the Weft Iridies, fix-pence.

For every gallon of rum, or Other fpirits, which Anil be imported or brought from any other of his Majefty’s colonies or pmnihions in Ameriea, nine-pence.

For every gallon of foreign brandy, or other fpirits, of foreign pianofafhne, imported or brought from Great , one lhi!liitg.

For every gallon of rum, or fpirits, of the produce or maM* fa&ure of any of the colonies or plantations in America, not in the pofleflion or under the dominion of his Majefty, imported from any other place, except Great Brit, one dulling.

For every gallon .of molaftes and fyrups, which dull be imported or brought into the faid province, in (hips arveflels belonging to his Majefty’s fubje<ft$ in Gredt Britain or Ireland* or tb hts Majefty’s ftibjedt* In the Cud province, three-pence. sFet every gallon of molaftes and fyrups, which (haB be im-

or broigbs into tbe Add province, ift 4hy other flrip* or	u

vcflcls.

Digitized by Google

t& in*

how they are to be levied. &£•

571	Anno dccimo quarto Geqrgii III. c. 88. [t 774,.

veffels, in which the fame may be legally imposed, fixpence* and aftl*r thofe rates for any greater or lefs quantity of fuchgoods \ refpeftively.

Rate* deemed And it is hereby further enafled by the authority afore-(leriingmoney faid, That the laid rates and duties, charged by this a<£l, (hall of Great Bri* he deemed, and are hereby declared to be, fteriing money of Great Britain, and (hall be collected, recovered, and paid, to the amount of the value which fuch nominal fums bear in Great Britain-, and that fuch monies may be received and taken according to the proportion and value of five (hillings and fixpence the ounce in filver; and that the faid duties, berein-before granted, (hall be raifed, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, it} the fame manner and form, and by fuch rules, ways, and means, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, except in fuch cafes where any alteration is made by this a<ft, as any other duties payable to his Majefty upop goods imported into any Britijb colony or plantation in America are or (hall be raifed, levied* colle&ed, ^aid, and recovered, by any a<ft or a<fts of parliament, ' «	as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fe-

veral clapfes, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enabled in the to whom they body of this prefent act; and that all the monies that (hall arife we to be paid, by the fiid duties, (except the rieceflary charges of railing, collecting, levying, recovering, anfwcring, paying, and accounting for the fame,) (hall be paid by the collector of his Majefty’s cuftoms, into the hands of his Majefty’s receiver-general in the and how to be Province for the time being, and (hall be applied, in the firft applied. place, in making a more certain and adequate provifion, towards defraying the expences of the adminiftration of juftice, and of the fupport of civil government, in the laid province ; and that the lord high treafurcr, or commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafur * ry, or any three or more of them for the time being, (hall be, and is or are hereby impowered, from time to time, by any 4 warrant or warrants under his or their hand or hands* to caufe fuch money to be applied out of the faid produce of the faid duties towards defraying the faid expences; and that the refidue of the faid duties (hall remain and be referved in tl>e hands of th$ faid receiver-general, for the future difpolition of parliament. Regulations * III. And it is hereby further enadled by the authority afore* with refpeft to faid. That if any goods chargeable with any of the faid duties goods brought herein-before mentioned (hall be brought into the faid province vince charge- By land cafriage* tlie fame fhall pafs and be carried through the able with the port of Saint John's, near the river, Sorrel; or if fuch goods (hall duties before be brought into the faid province by any inland navigation, other than upon the river Saint Lawrence, the fame (hall pafs and be carried upon the faid river Sorrel, by the faid port, and (haU be there entered with, and the faid refpeeftive rates and duties paid for the fame, to fuch officer or officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms as (hall be there appointed for that purpofe ; and if any fuch goods coming by land carriage, or inland navigation,	JhaJ)

pafs

mentioned.

Digitized by L wle

1774.3 -Anno decirtio quarto GeoRGH III. c. 88.	-$73‘

pafe by or beyond the faid place before named, without entry of payment of the faid rates and duties, or (hall be brought into Any part of the faid province, by or through any other place whatfoever, the faid goods (hall be forfeited ; and eyepy perfon who fhall be affifting, or otherwife concerned in the bringing or removing fuch goods, or to whofe hands,the fame (hall come^ knowing that they were brought or removed contrary to this

'{hall forfeit treble the value of fucb goods, to be eftimated and computed according to the beft price that each refpe&ive commodity bears in the town of ^'uebec, at the time fucb offence ftrall be committed; and all the horfes, cattle, boats, veflels, and other carriages whatfoever, made ufe of in the removal, carriage, or conveyance of fuch goods, (hall alfo be forfeited and loft, atid (hall and may be feized by any officer of his Majefty’s cuftoms, and profecuted, as herein-after mentioned.

IV. And it is hereby further enabled by the authority afore- Penalties and faid. That the faid penalties and forfeitures by this a <51 ^nfl^e^»^hcVeUtobc {hall be fued for and profecuted in any court of admiralty, or vice admiralty, having jurifdiftlon within the faid province, and for, &c. the fame (hall and may be recovered and divided in the fame manner and form, and by the fame rules and regulations, in all refpe&s, as other penalties and forfeitures for offences againft the laws relating to the cuftoms and trade of his Majefty’s colonies in America (hall or may, by any a<ft or adts of parliament be fued for, profecuted, recovered, and divided.

V.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That Any perfon there (hall, frpm and after the fifth day of /ipril, one thoufand}^^1^* ^ feven hundred and feventy-five, be raifed, levied, collected, and

paid, unto his Majefty’s receiver-general of the faid province, ment to pay for the ufe of his majeftv his heirs and fucceflors, a duty of one**- fora pound fixteen (hillings, fterling money of Grfat Britain, for every lic*ncc* licence that (hall be granted by the governor, lieutenant governor, or commander in chief of the (aid province, to any perfon or perfons for keeping a houfe or any other place of publick entertainment, or for the retailing wine, brandy, rum, or any other fpirituous liquors, within the faid province; and any Penalty perfon keeping any fuch houfe or place of entertainment, or re- f°r evcry °f-tailing arty fuch liquors without fuch licence, (hall forfeit andfcncc# pay the fum of ten pounds for every fuch offence, upon convict tion thereof: one moiety to fuch perfon as (hall inform or pro-fecute for the fame, and the other moiety (hall be paid into the hands of the receiver-general of the province, for the ule of bis.

Majefty.

VI.	Provided always. That nothing herein contained ^aU™ extend, or be conftrued to extend, to difeontinue, determine, orr°venuegf &c# make void, any part of the territorial or cafual revenues, fines, referved at rents, or profits whatfoever, which were referved to, and be- the conqueft. longed to, his moft chriftian Majefty, before and at the time of

the conqueft and furrender thereof to bis Majefty the king of Qreat Britain \ but that the fame, and every of them, (hall remain $nd be continued to be levied, collected, and paid, in the fame ' '	man-

Digitized by v^ooQle

$74

In (hits brought pur-fyaqttotjus

defendants to have treble coflf*

BreamU*.

Anno dedmO quarto Georgii III. c.$g—91. £1774*

manner aiif this aft had never )>een made; ahythun^ tfrran contained to the contrary notwithftanding/ , .

V|I. And be it further enafted by tln amfioriry That if afiy aftion or fuit (hall "be commented agajnft j^iy mpi or perlbna for any thing done in pqrfuanc^oTuws ad, aod ift Shall appear tp the court or judge where or i^fore whoea fame (hail be tried, that fuch aftion or /uijLis brought lor! any thing that Was done hvpurfaance of and by the iuthprityeF tfaf ad, the defendant or defendants (hall be indemnified fad at* quitted for the fame; and if fuch defendant or defendanta fhatf be fo acquitted; or if the plaintiff (hall difcontinue fuch aBftm or fuit, fuch court or judge (hall award to the defendant or dc^ fendanu treble cofts.	/	’•	*	^

C A P, LXXXIX. ^ ^ . i no 1 1

An aft to enable hie Majefry to aljpw the adminifrratbe, withrhd wfcftafe nexed, pr other perional representative, of Sir Jofeph jefcftt Jurfg)»% deceafed, to fell ten thoufand pounds Sputh Sea frock, pirt'Of m kgoey

5ivm by him to the ufe of the finking fund, and to receive t&cavv ends due thereon, as alto on ten thoufand pounds Eat India ftpcfci and for applying the fame as therein is mentioned.

Preamble. By warrant under hU Majelly’s fign tfcknua], the adnoiai&n*-tor may fell 10,0001. South Sea frock, Handing in the name of Sir^ottpt Jekyll* fign manual to be in rolled in chancery. Perional itprefat 41H to transfer the fum, and receive dividends due. Sams to arHe lw now to be applied. Charges of the aft to be paid out of the fim sMqfch toariie. 1

CAP. XC.	} “	*fr:

Afr aft for the better regulation of the nightly watcb	beadles wiftSd

the city and liberty of Weftmmfter, and parts adjacent $ and fnng|mf purpoics therein mentioned.	-

C A P. XGL

An ad mart effectually to improve and combine if if* river Thames, tvejhuard if London Bridge, wit&intb* piiir-• tits tf tie titj ofLondon,	end It bargeffu«

being mitred in Taplow Mill-ftrcam, in the county offBtia&i

WHERE A S by virtue if and under divert chart ersi refini&-ed and confirmed by divers ads of parliament % ihfffMft and	commonalty, and citizens, tf the city 0/London,	dr hafiftni

axercifed, and ought, and have accvjhmed themfchjti hate'mfi oner cife, thi office tf bailiff and confer vat tr of toe water of ThatpM, to be exercifidand occupied by the mayor of the fame city for tin* being, during, the time of his	mayoraltyor by pis fuffcieUt deputies,

in,	upon,and about the water of Thames j is

the bridge of the town tf Staines, in the county of Middfii/ex^tfai j towards the taff unto London Bridge, and from thenct it a ter {fin place, called Kendal], othertvijeYenland, oibcryulfe Yeenleet, wards thefea, and eafl, and in Medway, and in the port tf tit Alp of London afortjaii $ and upon	bank,	and	upon ffm

Jhorr, and upon every wharf of the fame water tf Thames, dbiffm the limits and bounds afortfaid; in, upon, and e& 0 every of tbttn 3 and aljt for ait the,	if ore fold, bay* bid dm

taken.

Digitized by v^,ooQle

1774-3^ Anno decimo quarto GeorGU III. c. 9!•	fflg

taken* ^ and ought* and have actujimed tbemfehes fq hope apd tale* to th/ir own proper ufi* by the mayor of the fame city for the {ime being,* during, the time of hit mayoralty* or his fiffic'unl deputies* all	t

waZej~ rewards ^ fifes* and profits* belonging to the fame office of *	^	■

: and wfigreps* by an aft of parliament* made and puffed 1/1 Aft iiGco; t* tie flivcntb yedr of the reign of his prefent Mayfly* intituled* 4a i<5l for improving and completing, the navigation pj the rivers ¥bqmeg and lfiVx from the city of London to the town, of Crick-lade* in the county of. Wilts* certain powers were granted to the Ommifficners thereby appointed, for preferving and improving the na-tfig'ation^ of the faid rivers: ana whereas the faid aft contains a chafe	*,

nr previjo* declaring, That nothing in the faid aft contained Jball ex~ tend* or be confirued to extend* to take away any rights* jurifdiftion* power , or authority of the mayor* commonalty* and citizens of the city of London, or any other body politick or corporate, or other perfon or Persons whgtfoever* or to enable the commijfioners to ereft weirs* loc\$*' turnpikes* or toll-gates* within the liberties or jurifdi ft ion of the city of London: and whereas the commijfioners* in and by the Jdid aft of parliament appointed* being refrained* by the jaid claufe or provifo* from exercifmg fome of the principal powers and authorities, in the faid aft contained* between the [aid city of London and . the city-jlone above Staines Bridge, being the firjl part or dijhriftof the faid navigation, in and by the faid aft aejeribed* have not at-tempted the execution of the faid aft within the faid firjl difirift; and ivbereas the improvement of the navigation of the river Thames, we/huard of London Bridge, within the liberties or jurifdiftion of tie iitj of London, will be a work of great public utility: and whereas the mayor* and commonalty* ansi citizens, of the city of London, are willing to apply the fum of ten thoufand pourfs* (if mc~ cejfary)* out of their own eft&tes * towards, carrying the feud work in -to execution* without laying any toll or duty on perfons navigating the river Thames within the faid liberties or jurydiftion: and tuberea^ the powers with which the mayor, and commonalty, and citizens* of. the city of London, are at prefent vefitd are not fufficient to enable tbeyn effectually to improve and complete the faid navigation; and it is apprehended* that the powers granted by the faid aft ofparliament* made and faffed in the eleventh year of the reign of bis prefent Majefiy* to the commijfioners thereby appointed* will clajh with the powers which fnUfi necejfarily be granted to the mayor* and commonalty* and citizens* o/the dtp of London, for improving and completing the navigation of the river Thames, between the city of London and the city-ftone above Staines Bridge: and whereas Jome further regulation is necejfary for removing certain inconveniences in another part of the navigation of the faid river; may it therefore plcafe your that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefiy, by and with the advice anaconfent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament flfembled, and by the authority of the fame^ That fo much of Partoftfce the faid ad of parliament, maaeand paffed In the eleventh yw|epeld«l, fif thc reign of his prefent Majefty, as veils the commiflloners {hereby appointed, or in purfuance thereof appointed, or to be '	appointed,

Digitized by v^.ooQle

S7&

Powers given to the mayor, &c. to improve tbe na-X igation, and to appoint a committee.

Proviib.

i

Power to pur-chafe lands, &c. for the purposes of this aft.

Anno*decimo quafto GfiORGll lIt. C. gi. £1^74.

appointed, with any powdr or powers, authority or authorities,; for improvingand completing the navigation of the river Tbdmesy between the city of London and the ciry-ftone abovt^Sldidds Bridge aforefaid, (ball be, and the fame is hereby’ repealed\ bot fo as not to reftrata dr prejudice fuch COaimifliohets from, or in the cxercife of, any of the powers or authorities by the lame a<5 granted, fo fir as the fame relate to the improving arid completing the riavigatiori’ of thi rivers Thames and IJts, frorii city-ftorie above St aims Bridge to the toWn ofCricilade aforefaid:

II.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Ttrrt the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the city of Lmdon^id common council affembled, (hall have power and authority, and they are hereby authorifed and impowered, to rtriprove ancj complete the navigation of the river Thames, between the efty of London and the city-(lone above Staines Bridge aforefaid ; ‘ and for that purpofe to appoint a committee, from time to time, to manage and tranfaft fuch matters as they may-find neccflary; which committee, fo to be appointed (hall have fuch powers and authorities as (hall, from time to time, be delegated or given to them by thefaid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aflembled.

III.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That no perfon (hall be eligible ot capable bf afHng^ as a member of fuch committee, during fuch time as he (hall have, or execute, any office or place of profit, by, or under fhe authority of this a61, or during fuch time as he^ftiall have^smy fhare or iritereft in any contractor agreement for effecting any of the purpofes of this i<5t.

IV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council affembled, (hall have full power and authority to make fuch orders and cooftitutions, for thepurchafing of locks, ferries, arid lands, for the ufe of the faid navigation ; and to purcHafc and make fuch towing-paths, banks, roads, bridges, ferries^ &nd ways, for the towing, haling, or drawing of boats, barges, and other veflels, with horfes, or otherwife, paffing in, through, or upon the faid river Thames, between the city of London and the city-ftone above Staines Bridge aforefaid; and to purchase or make fuch wharfs, locks, weirs, bucks, wintffies, fpikes, dams, flood-gates, and engines, for the completing and carrying on the faid navigatron, as the mayor, aldermen, and commons, ofthecityof London, in common council aflembled? (hall think neceflary and convenient for the purpofes aforefaid ; and alfo to make orders and regulations touching the fizer ahdJc}rafrr of all boat9, barges, and other veflels navigating the faid rfvef of Thames* between the city of London and the city-done above Staines Bridge aforefaid; and fuch only as (hall be navigated upon the faid river of Thames, to and from the city of Lond^ny and the city-ftone above Staines Bridge, and to and from aff the intermediate places, and to fettle proper gages on the fidcs~ thereof, and how deep they lhould load at aH timfcS j and afrdtb

make

Digitized by

Google

17^4*} Ann&dqqimqtjujtrto GeorgiI III. C-^t.	577

n^ake and appoint ^11 fuch other necefTary orders, conftirutions* rules, and regqfotiops, concerning the faid navigation, and alio concerning fuch weirs, bucks, winch**, darns, tioodrgntes, and Qttyer engines, :and towing-paths, lying beiween the places a-{pre/Vd; and the (hutting, penning, opening, drawing, ,ufe, or w^nagement thereof, for the benefit and fafety of the tad na* yigation, and making fatisfadion for the.fofa or damafgc any owner or ownens, or occupiers, of mills or Jands, {haty or may fudaia thereby 5'and concerning all baFges, boats, or vefltls, polling byv through, or with the help of the fame, end behavior of all bargemen, boatmen, and watermen, belonging to, or yrorking in, fuch barges, boats, or vefiels; and to give fuch reparation, fatisfadion, and damages, to the perfon or j>erfons aggrieved thereby, as likewife to the owners or occupiers of lands, meadows, or other grounds* who (hall be damaged by the pcgled or refufal of the owners of fuch weirs, bucks, winches, and floodgates, in not opening, and keeping open the fame% until the water is funk below the water-mark,, as to (Item (h*U deem meet.

V.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That Bodies poli-it (hall and may be lawful to and for all bodies politick, corpo- tick, truftee*, rate or collegiate* or corporations aggregate or foie, truftees and Ac. may cou-feoffees in truft, guardians and committees for lui)aticks and ve? lautis* idiots, executors, adminiftrators, and guardians whatfoever, not only .for or on behalf of themfelves, their heirs, and focceflbrsj hut alfo for and on behalf of their ceftuique trufts, whether in*. ' fants or ifitie unborn, lunaticks, idiots, femes-covert, or other perTons whatfoever; and to and for ail femes-covert who are or fl>alhbe feized in their own right, and to and for alt and every perfon and performs whomsoever, who are or (hall be feifed or pofleiTed of, pr interefted in, any lands, tenements, or hereditaments; which, by the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, m common council aflembled, or the committee to be by them appointed, as aforefaid, (hall be thought necefTary to be pur* chafed for the purpofes of this ad, to fell and convey all or any fuch lands, tenements, hereditaments, eftates, and interefts, or any part thereof, to the (aid mayor, and commonalty, and citizens; and that all contracts, agreements, bargains, fales, and conveyances, which fhall be made by fuch perfons, asafore-faid, fhall be good and valid in law, to all intents and pUrpofes, not only to convey the eftaje and intereft of the perfon and perfons conveying, but alfo to convey all right, eftate, intereft, ufe, property, claim, and demand whatfoever, of their feveral and r,efpedive ceftuique trufts, whether infants or iflue unborn, lu* natijeks* idots, femes-covert, or other perfons whomfoever, and all claiming, or to claim, by, from, or under tliem, any law, ftatute, ufage, or any other matter or thing whatfoever, to the contrary thereof, in any-wife notwithftanding: and that all fuch perfons fo conveying, as aforefaid, are, and (hall be, indemnified for what they fhall do, by virtue of, or in purfuance of, this ad, notwithftaoding any omiflioa or miftake of matter of

form.

Digitized by L,ooQle *

57*

Upon refufitf, loagni to a Ok^orbW

Juries may be lillMEKMMQ*

'Anno decimo quarto OImkqii 18. tfr> (i^ I

form whatsoever: and if H fliall happen that anr	»

fons, body or bodies politic, corporate or CaJtegwrtejM perfon or persons, foiled or paflefled of, or intudhi iuch lands, tenements, or hereditaments, as afinxfiW,'

Rife to treat or agree for the Ale and coneeyance-tif t tive eftates and inter efts therein, with the Mi oU men, and commons, in common countfl aRbittialed perfon or perfons authorifed by them, or (hall evince a dear title to the premUes they are in p the intereft they claim, to the fatisfadlion of thefiud i dertnen, and commons, in common council ai the perfon or perfons fo authorifed by them; thM, ry fuch cafe,' it (hall and may 'be lawful to and for thttoHld mayor and aldermen of the faid city, to b« holdoa in thU chamber of the guildhall of the Aid city, according to tom of the faid city, and the faid court is hereby and authorifed to iflue a warrant or warrants, prOt cepts, directed to the (heriffs of the city of £dufc», -onthf-riff of the county of Middl, or the (herifftrf the rwmfrrf Surrey, as the cafe (hall require, who are, and each aftlIMt hereby authorifed, dire died, and required accordingly todaq* nel and return a competent number of fubftamial and iliitmwdtd perfons, qualified to ferve on juries, not tofatbanfony tight, ■* more than feventy-two, and out of Rich pcrfofaOy arm Wm-

Smelled, fummoned, and returned, a jury of ttrefoe pfobl all be drawn by fome perfon to, be by the feid oouK amifefr-ed, in fuch manner as juries for the trial of bluest rained fo hi Majeftv’s courts at Weflminfter, by an adt made ra fomtkM year of the reign of his late majefty King-Grerjrthe fienaA intituled an M An ail far the better	jurin,	are	dMM

to be drawn; which perfons fo to be impawrUod, RtmaremR and returned as aforefaid, are hereby required to cotneaedSp* pear before the faid court of mayor and aldennea, if the pm-mifes in difoute lie in the faid city of	at	(web	tinned,

place as in fuch warrant or warrants, precept orpreceptviuli be diredied and appointed; and if the premifos lie ioeithfrU the counties of Middlefex or Surrey, to come and wpptar bifot the iuftices of the peace for the county where ■the -pttmifcrfa at (ome general quarter feffions of the peace to- be holdenrffer Juries maybe the fame county, or fome adjournment thereof i^and-twattad challenged, the faid courts refpedtively, from day to day, tdldifohmrdif the faid courts refpcdiively; and all parties concerned dmlad may have their lawful challenges againft any of she feidtjarw men, but (hall not be at liberty to challenge the array: aadme faid Court of mayor and aldermen, or juftices, aa «farciad*4tfe pedHvdy, are hereby authorifed and irapowered, hypnotp^as precepts, from time to time, as occafion (hall require, m aty before them all and every perfon and per (baa whaaftevtr aba (hall be thought proper or neccflary to be examined aaoafodi or witnefles, on their oath or oaths, touchtngsndcononmi|i| the premifes: and the fiud court of m»y nr areiildiiimn. ajtr

.3	odf,

Digitized by CjOoq le



’ vJ *	-

**• •'.» «***•<» -H

74*1 /VAt4 dedrr-o quarto QeoRG.il III. c. g ^ ^s-«fa£efa>idr refpe&ively» if th#y think fit,. fyall and ew^fc^authorifii jh^faid jury to view the place or places iij ^ijitBtiintjluch manner as they (hall dircdt; and the [aid court mttf and sWerunen, or jultices, as aforefaid, refpe&ively,

>|M_Save pown t^jdjourn fugh meeting from day to flay, 93 c*jgn -ithall require; and to.cpnjpiand fuch jury,.witnefie.s,->d mr*c*> to attend until all inch affairs for wbich/tj}$y Wre QWKHied ftiail be concluded: and the faijj jury, "upon their jury to en-(Ithf,	oaths,	as	alfo	the	paths to fuch perfo^or^erfons* quire into the

*A>aJU called upon to give evidence, the faid court, of ma-. va,“e the &r andy ^^ermcn^ or juftices,..as aforefaid, refpetfively, are quefUonC ** ereby icztpoytfred and required to adminifter), IhalJ enquire of ° cve value of fuch lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and of „ t7 „	,

[*• r^fpi^ive^eJllat^anji ,intereft of every perion feifed or pofleffed	,	t.	JA

hereof, of H>tetefted therein, or of or in any part thereof, and bptt jaflefs andj^weard the futn or fum$ to he paid for every fuch *erfon. or perfons. fpMbe purchafe of fuch their eftates and in-erefts v sund the laid court of mayor and aldermen, or juftices, is. aforefaid, refpe&ively, (hall and may give judgement for fuch araor Turns of. money fo to be afleffed; which faid verdift or vecdi&s* and fhe (aid judgement, decree, or determination, thereupon, (notice An writing being,given to the perfon or per-^

Sqm imerefted, or claiming fo to be, at, lea ft fourteen days be* footfthe time of fuch afleflipent, declaring the time and place ox ot theSaid court of mayor and aldermen, or jpftices, a* Aforefaid, rjefps<ftively, and jury, by leaving fuch notice at the* dwelling-hoofe of fuch perfon or perfons, or at.his, lier, or their :ufual place or places of abode, or with fome tenant or oc_-, qfrpiet of Some of the faid lands, tenements, or hereditaments, intended to be. valued and aftefted, in cafe fuch party cannot otherwifo be /duck! out to be ferved with fuch notice) fhall b* bipding*aod cpoclUGve to all intents and purpofes whatsoever,

^ again ft all and enrery perfon and perfons, bodies politic and cor-,

. potato* claiming any eftate, right, title, truft, ufe, or intereft*

, in, to, or out of the faid lands, tenements, or hereditaments,'

,, and premifes, either in pofleflion, reverfion, remainder, or ex-^ pcdancy, as well infants and iflue inborn, lunatics, idots, and fecnes-corer^ Shd, perfons under any other legal incapacity oi: dtftbility^ as. all other ceftuique trufts, his, her, and their heirs, fucceflors, executors, and admioiftrators, and againft all v.	,

ocher perfons whomfoever; and the faid verdicts, judgements, . ,.r. and decrees* and all other proceedings of the faid court of mayor and aldermen, orjufticet, as aforefaid, refpe&ively, and juries, to to be made, given, and pronounced, as aforefaid, (half beiairly ^written on parchment, and figned and fealed by, the mayor fear the tine being, or by the juftiees piefent, or the major part of them.	V

• V. And it4a hereby further enacted and detlarq^T^a^upi Aflignmentf, on payment of fuch Turn or fuiris of money fo to be a^a^Jed or and convey-fudged, ibe perfon or perfons to whom the fame (ball be (o a?ce** to be awankdfor th^porohafc of the faid lands, tepemcots, or hofe-Vot. XXX.	Q.**	’	diumcm»,raay0f***-

Digitized by L^OOQle

Anno decimo quarto GeorGH III. C. 91. [1774,

ditaments, or for the purchafe of any eftate^r ihtefeftftefefa, (hall make and execute, or procure to bemWfe a6d cx&M* good, valid, and legal conveyances, affighnrtbhts; atfcnfe in the law, to the faid mayor afnd commonalty*ritkeK, of the faid lands, tenements, and bereditamtttts* or of fstfrcfbe or intereft for which fuch fum or fums bf tnoney ftutlfflb awarded, and (hall procure all neceflary parties to execute fach conveyances, affighnients, and affurances, ahd ftall do aBa&, matters, and things, neceflary and requisite to male * gaol, clear, and perfect title to the faid mayor and toimnonalrv, citizens; and fuch conveyances, aflignments, and afJbnftcu, ■fhall contain all fuch reafonable and ufual covenants as fttaB tn the part of the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens, h. If perfons can- required : and in cafe fuch perfon or perfons to Whom foch foe not evince a or fums of money (hall be fo awarded as aforefaid (half not fe tbe^	a^e to cv*nce t^lc‘r t,t^c to ^1C Premifes, to the fatisfadttonof tfe

epremies, may0r? aldermen, and commons, in common cooncif af-fembled, and to make, or procure to be made, good, valid ard legal conveyances thereof, to the faid mayor and comraomkr, and citizens; or (hall refufe fo to do, being thereto required-, and fuch fum or fums fo affefled and awarded as aforefoid, being produced and tendered to be paid to him, her, or them, on their making fuch title, and executing, and procuring to be executed, fuch conveyances, aflignments, or aflurances, as afore-or cannot be faid; or in cafe fuch perfon or perfons to whom fuch fum o* found in tbe fams 0f money (hall be fo awarded as aforefaid cannot be found KndfefC *n ^,e ci<y or county where the lands,.tenements, heredm* &c. lie, * •ments, and premifes, for which the faid fums (hall be fo aftfc-cd or awarded lie; or in cafe that, by reafon of difpuresde-.pending in any court of law or equity, or for def$il of evidence, it (h?ll not appear to the faid mayor, aldermen, and common, in common council affembled, what perfon orpi^fo^s is orarc their money intituled to the premifes in queftion; then, and in every futh ^ Plk *nt° ca^e> as aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful to, and for the fed tbe ank. court 0f mayor and aldermen to order the*faid fum or ftimt, (o affefled and awarded aforefaid, as the value of and purriafc-money for the faid lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to be paid into the bank of England, for the ufe of the parties interred in the faid premifes ; to be paid to them, and every of them, according to their refpe&ive eftates and intereft therein, atfod) time as the faid court of mayor and aldermen (hall order and di-red ; and the cafhier or calhiers of the bank of England, who ill all receive fuch fum or fums, is and are hereby required to give a receipt orN receipts for fuch fum or fums, mentioning and fpecifying for what premifes, and for whofe ufe, the fame is or are received, to fuch perfon as (hall pay any fuch fum or films into the bank as aforefaid.

Verdiftsand VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefawf, decrees of the That all fuch verdidls, judgements, fentences, decrees, orders, d*rmen. &c anc* ot^er proceedings, of the faid court of mayoj and aldermen, or juftices, as aforefaid, refpe&ively, and juries, as relate tour

, concerning

.Digitized by v^ooQle

17^*4-] Anoo focimo quarto Georgii III. c. 91.	581

co<u^em>iAg,gfiy bods, tenements, or hereditaments, fo to be t0 be entered T^jLsrcJ^fod ,&$afwefaid;.amJ all receipts which the faid cafhier or *™dJof the* ca(hi£ff qf thq bank (hall give for any fum or fums of money faid court, PR*<J< into *hc banKi *n coqfequen<;e of any fuch verdidt and fhall be <enured amoipgthe records of jthe laid court >oCcan^yor and aldermen, pr general quarter fedions of the peace :fo$ tj^fald ppnnty .of Middlesex, or the faid county of Surrey, jto tbe c^feifhftll happen tp be; and the laid verdicts, judge-UTt Stats, /qnfgnpqs, decrees, and orders* and other proceedings,.

U^tfi	and taken to be records, to all intents and pur-

.BQfifi^iWbaffpever; and the fame, or true copies thereof, thall ^ be ^tefPwUnd taken to be good and effectual evidence and proof ^cmtcUvi .in court; qr courts of foyv or equity whatfoever; and all per- dence. CV1" Jfoos mail;and, m?y have recourfe to the fame gratis^ and take qop*££ thereof, paying for evefy copy, not exceeding two hundred words, fixpencp, and lo proportiopabiy for any greater or 1©(* tHUnber qf words; and immediately after fuch verdidis, fentences, decrees, orders, and other proceedings . tbq faid court of mayor and aldermen, or juftices, as afore- .

. faid,. refpe&ively, and juries, and of fuch receipt or receipts of tfee faid cafhier pr cafhiers, as aforefaid, all the eftate, right, title, imereft, ufe, truil, property, claim, and demand, in law and equity, of the perfon or perfons for whofe ufe fuch money flvdl be paid in, to, and out of the faid lands, tenements, hereditaments and premifes, fhall veft in the faid mayor, and conr-tnooalty, and citizens; and they thall be deemed in law to be in the	pofiefUon	thereof,	to	all intents and purpofes

wbadbever, as fully, and effectually as if every perfon having any eftate in the premifes had actually conveyed the fame by leaijfe and rcleafe, bargain and fale inrolled, feoffment with livery and feifin,fine and recovery, or any other legal conveyance whatfoever; and fuch, payment fhall not only bar all right, title, inte-Teft, claim, and demand,* of the perfon or perfons to whofe ufe fuch payments were* made, but alfo fhall extend to, and be deemed and conftrued to bar the dower and dowers of the wife and wives .of fuch perfon and perfons, and all eftates tail, in re-verfion or remainder, againft the ilTue or iffues of fuch perfon and perfohs, and every perfon claiming under them, as effectually as a fine or recovery would do, if levied or fuffered by thp -proper parties in due form of law.

VII.	Provided always, That it fhall and may be lawful for Court of al-the faid court of mayor and aldermen, after fuch payment into ?*en,lc" n,.a?

.	.	.	.	J	r	\	•	r	r •»	,r	'	r	lllVClt IllfllS 1(1

ihc hank, and entry of the receipt aforefaid, at the petition of tl)C fun(fcon any perfon or perfons in poffeflion of fuch lands, tenements, or government hereditaments, to place out or invert, or to caufe to be placed fecurity.

.out or inverted, fuch fum or fums of money, or any part thereof, in fome of the public funds, or on government fecurity, at ifitereft,. in the name or names of any perfon or perfons authored and appointed by the faid court of mayor and aldermen .for that purpofe, in truft, to transfer and alfign the fame to fuch perfon or perfons to whqm the premifes belong, on their exer

Q.q 2	curing

Digitized

I by GoOglC

5«a

Petfons in-titled to recover intereft by a&ion of debt.

Feme-covert feifed in tee-fimple, td have her pur-, chafe-money paid to whom (he (hall nominate.

Putchafe-money of lands to be paid to perfons whom the owners appoint.

Anno decimo quarto GeoRGH IH<	[*774.

cutiog proper conveyances thereof; and, itt	mhe,	in

truft, to pay the intereft and dividends arifing therefrtaavto fach perfon or perfons: who was or were in po&efflonrbflbefaid^fve* mifes at the time of the faid paynieht into the*bahfct	' T: ' *

Vni. Provided always, and it is hereby errttdbert, That oft rai every perfon or perfons, who would be intitled tot'rcCOvtr tfet mefne profits of the premifes, againft the	in

pofleflion, in cafe the fame had not been fc	w,	dr

vefted in, the faid mayor and commonahy, and titfeem as aforefaid, (hall be intitled to recover* the fum or fern? wrarifc from fuch interefts and dividends, as aforefaid, by	eiMebt,

or otherwife, againft the perfon or perfons Who> Aiwtlreceive the fame; and the faid court of mayor and akfermetv arc hereby Empowered and authorifed to make fuch order, as afoncfald, ^rrtbc bank, for the payment of fuch fum or fwn& of tndney, orrwy part thereof, as (hall be neceflary, in order to the fatae'bemgfo inverted in public fecurities ; and the faid mayors nM ^commonalty, and citizens, (hall be quieted irt thepoftefilcM of the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, for which* fudh money (hall be fo paid as aforefaid, and (hall not be anfwerable or accountable in any court of law dr equity for the money# deposited and placed out as aforefaid, any otherwife thanaccofdtog to the purport and true meaning of this adh ^	.

IX.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe wiy fottiO-tovert

is or (hall be feifed in fee-fimple, or in tail general Orfpettilf of any fuch lands, tenements, or hereditaments, fo to btptivctaf-ed, as aforefaid, by the faid mayor and Cormnonblty, afcidf citizens, or of any intereft in the fame, to her fepkfbte-ofc^fi’cc fforn the controul or intermeddling of her hufoand; tbfef pdr-chafe-money arifing from the fale of fuch eftate; Of-fmereft of furh feme-coverr, on the conveyance of fuch eftatt'Of intereft to the faid maypr and commonalty, and citizens, Aal^be paid either to the hufoand of fuch feme-coVert, at Her reqOdft, to fuch perfon or perfons as (he (hall, by writing under her hand, nominate to receive the fame, th truft, to be rcitivefted m lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to be conveyed and fettled for fuch ufe, eftate, and intereft, as the faid feme-covert had'in rt^rpre-mifes fo purchafed by the faid mayor and commonalty* and citizens.	~	—■'*

X.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,That the principal money arifing from the fate of afny lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which (hall be purchafed for any of the purpofes of this a£t, of or from any body corporate or cbl-legiate, corporation aggregate or foie, feoffee^ in truft, guaTdtsms, committees, or other truftees; or from any feme-covert, (haft be paid to fuch perfons as they (hall refpedtively nominate umtc-Celve the fame, in truft, with all convenient fpecd thereafter-wards to be reinvefted in the purchafe of other lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to be conveyed and fettled to, and upon, and fubjeft to the like ufes, trufts, limitations, remainder!*, and contingencies, as the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which

(hall

Digitized by LjOOQle

*774“] Ann* (kaimo quarto Georgii III. c.91.	5S1

flail be fmrehafed from them reJpedliveJy by the laid mayor, od commonalty, and citizens, as aforefaid, were refpeflively fettled w 1 Minted, iQratfured, at .the.time of fuch purchafin^ of the fame, orfomauy thereof as, at the time pf making fuch kontfy»m3* .and icttlements, (hall be exiting and capable of

r Xi>i Af>d he it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Bargains and rThme th* conveyance of any fuch eftate or intereft of any feme- Tales to have yfio vert to the find mayor and commonalty, and citizens, or any the forccot ipetrfoo or perfons in truft for them, by bargain and fale ac-la*‘ rkxt<>wdeclged by fuch feme-covert, and inrolled in the court of jhu&ings <*f tilt laid city, according to trie cuftom of the faid city, within fix calendar months after the making thereof, lhall as effectually and abfolutely convey the eftate and intereft of fuch feme-covert in the premifes, as any fine or fines, recovery or recoveries, would or could do, if levied or fuffered thereof in due form of law: and further, that all bargains and fale?, whatfo-ever, to be made of any fuch lands, tenements, and heredita-ments, as (hall be purchafed by the faid mayor, and commonalty, and citizens, by virtue of, and for any of the purpofes of this (hall have the force, effetft, and operation in law, to all indents and purpofes* which any fine or fines, recovery or recoveries whatfoever, would have, if levied or fuffered by the bargainer or bargainers, or any perfon or perfons feifed of any eftate in the premiles, in truft for, or to the ufe of, fuch bargainer or bargainers, in any legal manner or form whatfoever.

XII.	And be it further ensured by the authority aforefaid, Perfons inter-That.all and every perfon and perfons whomfoever, having any efted in lands right, title* intereft, ufe, property, claim, or demand whatfo-convc>e<1»to «ver, whether m pofleflion, r^verfion, remainder, or expectancy, rjVfoMhelr °~ ifl, to* or out of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which, rjght within by VM-fue, and for any of the purpofes of this a<5t, (hall be pur- 5 years, chafed by, and conveyed, or mentioned or intended to be conveyed to the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens, by any fuch bargain and fale, as aforefaid, (hall, within the fpace of five ' years, to be computed from the date of the inrolment of fuch • bargain and fale, enter a memorial of fuch their right, title,

. intereft, ufe, property, claim and demand, in a book to be* for ia a book to that purpofe prepared and kept by the town clerk of the faid city be prepared Of Ltnion, or the clerk of the peace for the county refpe&ively, tue city which book thq faid town clerk and clerk of the peace refpec-ctu * tivcly are hereby required to prepare and keep accordingly, and fpr which entry they ftiall be intitled to fuch fee, and no other, as the redder of the county of Middlefcx is by law intitled to for the rcgiltry of a memorial, containing the fame number of words; and all and every perfon or perfons whomfoever, not or be for ever entering fuch right, claim, and demand within fuch time, and barred of all in fuch manner, as aforefaid, or having fo entered the Tame, and fuch ri8ht-^not profecuting fuch their right, claim, or demand with effect, within the fpace of five years, to be computed from the time of ‘ fuch entry* (hall be for ever barred of all rights titlc? ufe, equity,

Q,q 3	‘	property.

Digitized by v^ooQle

5^4

Perfons fo baiTtd may bring actions ot ticbt, a-gainft the receiver of their purchafe-money.

Expences of juries how to be defrayed.

Towing-paths not to be made without the content of proprietors.

Anno decimo quarto Georgii lit. C. 91^

property, claim, and demand whatfoever, \yhe£her reverfion, remainder, or expectancy, in, to, upon, orgtjt at U& . faid premifes, and every part thereof, and thehid^&fox' fpa commonalty, and citizens, and thole claiming under them, (hall be quieted in the poffefEon offUfupp tenements, hereditaments, and premifes, atxy, UvyA Ratine* ufage, matter,. or thing whatfoever, to the cdofrarj gotyrith^ (landing.	‘	^ jv^ '

XIII.	Provided neterthelefs. That any perfifn

barred of any right, title, eftafe, intereft, claim, or dcriiaivd whatfoever, in, to, or out of the faid lands, tenements^ hereditaments, by virtue of this aft, (hail be ft Jjberty to £>npg any action or actions of debt, for money had apa received to his of their ufe, againft any perfon or perfons, or the leg^l rejSrefen-tative cf any perfon or perfons, who received the puTChaft-money arifing from fuch fale of the faid lands, tenements, an^ hereditaments, or premifes aforefaid; and that in every (uch cafe, the plaintiff or plaintiffs, on proof of fuch title as woujd have enabled (hem to recover fuch lands, tenements, or here-^ ditaments or any part thereof, or any eflate or intereft ft? the fame, (hall recover the faid purchafe-money, or fq nurch thereof as fhnll be equivalent to their intereft in the faid prepiifes tpM-r ther with fuch imrereft as (hall be equivalent to the rnefti^ pjqptfr of the premifes, which they would have been intitled to recover in cafe this aft had not been made.	_	^	.

XIV.	And be it further enacted by the authority

That in all cafes where any verdift as aforefaid (hall bp g\y^% for a greater fum than £liall have been offered by or on the half of the mayor and commonalty, and citizens, of the city^pf. London, or in cafe no fuch offer (hall have been made before fummpning of any fuch jury, that then all thp expences of.fum-* moning fuch jury and the witnefles, and of taking fuch inqqefl*. lhall be paid by the mayor and commonalty, and citizens, of the city of London ; but if any fuch verdict (hall be given forpo mo/e, or for a lefs fum than (hall have been fo previoufly offered by or on the behalf of the mayor and commonalty, and citizens,, of tivc city of London, then and in every fuch cafe, fuch expences (hall be defrayed by the owners of, or the perfons interefted in, fuch locks, ferries, lands, wharfs, weirs, or other property in. quedion \ and fuch expences (hall be deducted pud taken out of. the monies to be aflefied and adjudged, and fuch Tied uftion (foali, be deemed and taken as payment ot fo much thereof. \

XV.	Provided always, That nothing in this aft contained ' fliall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to authorize #nd .in?? power the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens, tp cprpft^f or oblige the owner or proprietor of any garden, -orchard y win. park, paddock, inclofed lawn, or planted avenue to any houfe,. which have been refpeftively ufed as fuch fix calendar paqn^hz . before the paffmg of this aft, (except fuch where tQ^iog-p&hs;' are now ufed,) or the owner or proprietor p{ any fpefliiage ptj tenement erefted or built, or begumto be erefted or built, fix

caleu-

Digitized by

Google

585

\-y 74—3 Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. c. 91.

:alendar months before the palling of this adl, to pul] down, let, ell. or convey, fuch meflkage, tenement, garden, orchard, yard,

>axlc. paddock, inclofed lawn, or avenue, or any part thereof, to the :fai dmayor and commonalty, and citizens, or any other per*

(on or perfons; nor lhall any thing in this aft contained im-powef the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens, to make any new towing-path, bank, cut, road, bridge, wharf, lock, weir, buck, winch, fpike, d3m, floodgate, pound, turnpike, toll-gate. .or engine, over, upon, or through any garden, orchard, yard, park, paddock, inclofed lawn, or planted avenue to any fiQufcjwithout the confent of the owner or proprietor thereof.

XVI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. Pine* on 'That the faid court of mayor and aldermen, or juftices, as afore- flwtiffs juries, raid, refpeffively, lhall have power, from time to time, to im- reTufin'^t* pofe any reafonable fine, not exceeding the fum oF ten pounds, comply with ©1} fiich Iheriflf or Iheriffs, or their deputy or deputies, bailiffs or this aft, agents, refpeftively, making default in the premifes, and on any oTthe perfons who (hall be fummoned and returned on any fuch jui-y or juries who lhall not appear, or who lhall refufe to be fworn on the faid jury or juries, or being fo fworn (hall not give his or their verdifl; and alfo on any perfon or perfons who (hall - be fummoned to give evidence touching any the matters aforefaid, and lhall not attend, or lhall refufe to be fworn, or who .

, being fworn lhall refufe to give his, her, or. their evidence; alfo on any other perfon or perfons who (hall, in any other manner, wilfully negledt his or their duty in the premifes, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a&; and, from time to time, to may be levied levy fuch fine or fines, by order of the faid court of mayor and by diftref* aldermen, or juftices as aforefaid, refpoflively by diftrefs and fale anc* ^4le* of the offender’s goods, together with the reafonable charges of every fuch diftrefs and fale, returning the overplus (if any) to, the owner; and all fuch lines lhall be applied to the purpofesof this a

XVII.Provided always, That in cafe 3ny place or places in Damage* how quell ion, for which a fatisfa&ion for damages or recompence is tobeafeer-to be made by virtue of this ad, lhall lie partly in the city ofta,nct**

London and partly in the county of Miluch fatisfadion or recompence lhall be enquired of and afeertained’by a jury of the city of London; and in cafe any fuch place or places lhall lie partly in the county of Middlefex and partly in the county of Surrey,the fame lhall be enquired of and afeertained by a jury or juftices of the county of	Midi!eftx.

XVIII,	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid,'price* of car-Thatt the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the city of iage, and den, in common council afTembled, lhall have power and autho-rate* of *'°.rfe* rity, and they are hereby authorifed and impowered to aflefs and thePnariga-n rate the prices of the carriage,, and the rates or fares to be given tion, for the ufe of any horfe or Jiorfes employed on the faid navigation, from the city of London to the city Done above Staines Bridge aforefaid, and back from thence to rhe faid city of -ion\ and to and from any place or places upon the faid river of

Q.q 4	Thames,

Digitized by L.ooQle

536	Annofleciipo quarw J^Q»0il^XLc^r.f £1774*

Thames, between the city pf Z^W^arvd the frith cl^y ftonc'to any otlicr pjacq cm* plac^* whhia tnc limiteafb retard* inrfath to be affixed boat^, lpprge*, and Qth^r veWs; and (ball give ptablick rwdot on public iq writing,,to be affixed up at the feveral market pbccca^ or Slnks.TthV c?Wc'a ^ooxs of fuch townsand parches ob thfcbarikri oftfce mej&c. fa d qverof Thames, within the limits- trfarefcid, m rbey 4&lf think proper; and alfo to be printed and publifhed m fosxae of ' the public news-papers, of wh‘*l\ pUbfick ndtke the fcviial owners of boats, bargee and oti*er ve(Tefev navigating on the Aid rivers, as alfo all peifons who are employed iri towing barges, boats, or, other veftels, or who let out horfes for that purpofc, arc hcreby required to take notice, as alfo of: the rate and prices fo from time to time fet and afiefled,‘and of all other rates, fares, and prices, which (hall, at any time or times hereafter, at fuel; refpective meetings as aforefoid, be rated and Boatmen or aiTeiTcd by virtue of this adt: and if any owner and proprietor barge nun tak- 0t any fuch barge, boat, or other vetTel, (hall, at any time «fl*r the rates* fet*" ^ie expiration of twenty days next after the pubfifhing of fuch to foripit 2oh notice, take for the water carriage of any goods or merchanrfife* above the rates and prices fo fet as aforefaid, or if any perftm employed in the towing of barges, or other veflels, /hall, ^flrer the expiration/of the laid term, take, for the ufexrfanjf horie or' horfes employed on the faid navigation, above the rates or fere fo fet and affellcd as aforefaid, every perfon fo ‘offending^ for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds ; vftidh * < faid forfei]ture\hali and may be recovered in a lutomiry wajc, by information or complaint made to the faid mayor* or to any cir the aldermen of the city of London,*or to any one of his MajetfyV judices of the pcaee for the county of Miadiejrx dr Surriy% arid One moiety (hall go and be applied, one moiety to the informer.or informers, to the in for- an(j t^e other moiety to the party or parties aggrieved by -any othr/to tLC > fuch offence* ?nd (ha 11 and may he levied by tfiftrefe Snd falc of p^Vty ^ggnftv- the offenfiers goods and chattels, by warrant .untkr the hand imd fd..	feal of the faid mayor, or any one of the aldermen or.juftices of

the peace, as aforefaid,	’'

XIX.	And whereas many trefpaffcs have been committed in the

Car dens ahd plantations of Morough O’Biycn efqbiYc ^/'Tapfow-loprt, ii\ .the county of Bucks, ly perjoas belonging to.tones,; brrg&x yeffels, or float's, yjhia) anchor x moo^,fajlcny cr lit, .in Xaplow Mill No perfon to Stream; bp it tberetore eqatfted by the authority a»orefaid, Tliar, from, and after the palling of this a<5l, it (hall hot be lawful for Stream	iny PerfcP °h pprfons whatfoeyer, upon any preterroe wiiaHo-

cver, to anchor^ moor, or fallen any boat, b«uge,.ve;Tel, cr float, or to lay with any boar, bargp, vtflel, or float, in any part of t	/Topiow A fill Stream, between the lock jn the (bid ft ream and a

1 mepdoyy called Ckmaff ALqdm: and in cafe any boat, barge, vefft), or float, (hall be anchored, moored, pr fattened,\or fbsill be JaidpiV any uart of Taployj AM Stream a fare faid,. between the? lofK. in tjip faid (iream and the fah meadow called CUmafh Mra~ doiv} t|;‘c niafleroj ownyr of any fuch boar, barge, veilbl or ftcur; orjfe jftfgii'^ving the p&fc qf conduit *0* auy fuch:hairv vT '	*	'

Digitized by Google

*?74jT Am^dcflBioi^itetoG&mon III. c.91.	587

barge^:(vfeffH9 dr Aom!* (hall, for-every fiich offence; forfeit and pfcytjthe fufordf iive^ftrahcftfy K>‘te levied and recovered by the on penalty fame ways dud	sind	in	fuch manner, as*any penalty or °f 5^

fo«f<ptui« infliiftedifor any offence againft the faid former adt cm erntnay bekviedibnd^recovefed,; atfdlhall be applied, one moiety td itJSie infornae^,' ind the other trtoiety for the pUrbofes of the faid MvlgatibniV 1 * i XXi Provided alfo, and be it further enacted by the authority Perfons ag- * afefretaed, That in cafe any perfon or perfons ftallthirik" him, g^ved, may lxr%-or theihfolvef, aggrieved by any orders or proceedings ofthe^uarter anyi juftke Or juftkes ot the peace, which (hall be made or had f^onal under this a&, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch perfon or poribns to appeal to the juftices of the peace, at the next general quarter feffienr of the peace, to be holden for the faid City of London^'or thfc faid county of Middlcfex, or the faid county of Surrey^, as f he cafe may be: and the juftices, at fuch faid general quarter fefliora, are hereby required to hear and finally determine every fuch (appeal and appeals, and (hall award to the party of parties for whom fuch appeal (hall be determined, fuch cofts a» tQ.tfiem in their diftretion (hall feem reafonable; and (hall rnife and kvy, by their order or warrants, fuch cofts as (hall be awarded by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of any; perfon or perfons who (hall be ordered to pay the fame,

XXI,	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. Proceedings That no order which (hall be made by any juftice or juftices, by not to be virtue of or under this adt, or any other proceedings to be haa, quafo«d for touching the conviction or convictions of any offender or of- WAnt0 orm* fenders againft this adt, (hall be quafhed or vacated for want of

form only, dr be removed or re moveable by Certicrari, or any ofher writ or procefs whatfoever, into any of his Majefty’s courts of record at	s

XXII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadted. That no Writings trfay contract, agreement, aflignment, entry, copy, or proceeding, he withefat by this adt directed or authorised to be executed, made, or ftanoPs# given, (hall be charged or chargeable, or fubjedt, or liable, to

any duty whatfoever.

XXIIL And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That Limitation of if any adtion (hall be brought or fuit commenced, againft any a&ionu perfon or perfons, for any thing done in purfuancc of this adt, or in relation to the premifes, or any of them 5 every fuch adtion, or fuit, (hall be laid or brought within fix calendar months next after the fadt done, and fhall be laid or brought in the city of London, or the county where the matter (hall a rife,' and not elfewhere; and the defendant or defendants, in fuch adtion* may plead the general iffue, and give this adt, and the General iflue* fpecial matters, in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, arid that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this adt: and if the fame (hall appear to have been fo done, or ifdny fuch adtion or fuit (hall not be brought within the time before limited, or (hall be brought in any other city, county, or ' place; than as aforefaid; then the jury (hall fitidTor the dttend-

Digitized by

Google



Treble cods.

Publick a ft.

Preamble.

Warden of the mint. See. to make weights of a guinea, a (hilling, and multiples thereofi •

which they are to tranfmit to the clerk of council in waiting $ and the fame being confirmed by his Mapfty, are to be reputed fiandard weights* Duplicates thereof to be made by the faid warden, See.

Anno decimo quarto Geo&gii IIL C. 93U	[ 1774.

ant or defendants; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (ball become nonfuited, or fuffer a difcontinuaace of his, her, or tbcif adSfeo or actions or if ^ verdidl (hall pafs againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs; or if, upon demurrer, judgment (hall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the. laid defendants (hall )iav^ treble cods, and (lull have fuch remedy for recovering the faQae, as any defendant or defendants hath or have for coils in other cafes by law.

XXIV. And be it further ena&ed, That this adft (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick and (ball be judicially taken notice of as fuch* by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whomfoever, without fpecially pleading the lam.

C A P. XCJI.

An aft for regulating and a feet t;lining the weights to hi mqde ufe if in weighing the gold and ftiver coin of this kingdom.

■ Mojl gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS fome provifion is neceffary for regulating and afertaining, according to the ejlablifhed Jlandard of your Majejly*s4mint, the weights to be made ufe of in weighing the gold and Jilver coin of this realm, and it is highly expedient, for the prevention offrauds, that the ufe of all other weights, which are not juft and true, according to the faidJlandard, Jhoutd be difaJlowed; may it pleafe your Majefty tliat it may be ena&ed $ and be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal,, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful for the warden, matter, and comptroller, of his Majefty’s mint, With, tfie afliftancc of the King’s affay matter, and they are hereby authorifed and required, without delay, to make, or caulfr to be made one weight of the piece of gold coin of this realm commonly called a guinea, and alfo one weight of the piece of lilver coin of this realm called a (hilling, according to the cftablilhed ttandard of his Majefty’s mint, and alfo other weighrs, being parts and multiples of the faid guinea weight and (hilling weight refpedlively ; which weights, together with their report of the truth and accuracy thereof, they are hereby required to tranfmit to the clerk of.his Majefty’s council in waiting, in order to be laid before his Majefty in council; and in cafe the faid weights (hall be approved of and confirmed by his Majefty in council, the fame (hall be reputed and accepted in law to be the ttandard weighrs of the gold and filver coin of this realm rcfpe&ively, and the fame (hall be lodged in the joint cuftody of the warden, matter, and comptroller of his Majefty’s mint for the time being.

II. And be it furrlver ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That the faid warden, matter, and comptroller, of his Majefty’s mint, with the affiftance of his Majefty’s affay matter, (hall make, or catafe to be made, in like manner, exadt duplicates, or copies, of the faid ttandard weights of a guinea, and of a (hilling, and

qf

Digitized by LjOOQle

[ 774-G^ Arnio Adyo^uartaGEORGHlII. (*.92.	58$

of VK^	multiples	thereof,	as aforefaid; and if any of

thc faia tjuplicates, or copies, (hall hereafter, by any accident, beide(t£oycq?‘ loj^ 6r impaired, the warden, mafter, and comp-' tfollj^br his Mawsfly^s jnint for the rime being, with the aflift-arioe of fKe Kjtigs aflay mafter, are hereby authorifed and re-qujr^d in like fanner, to make, or cfcufe to be made, other exa^T duplicates,' Or copies, of fuch of the faid ftandard weights of ^ ^uij^ea^ and of a frilling, and of the parts and multiples thereof, * as (hall Jiappcn to be deftroyed, loft, or impaired; all •wlaich duplicates^ or copies, (hall be laid before his Majefty, his heirs ana fucceflors, in his or their privy council, in manner herein-beforc diredled; and in cafe the fame (hall be approved’ of and confirmed by his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, in his or their privy council, they fhall then, by the faid mafter, warden, and comptroller, be delivered to and lodged in the cuftody of an officer, to be from time to time appointed by his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, for that purpofe, under his or their figu manual, during his or their royal pleafure, with a falary not exceeding the yearly liuh of two hundred and fifty pounds, to be ifiued and paid by the warden of his Majefty’s mint, out of the monies ari ?ng by the coinage duties.

III.	Ana be it further ena&ed by the authority afbrefaid, That Warden, 8cc. it (Hall and may be lawful to and for the warden, mafter, and to compare comptroller, of his Majefty’s mint, and they are hereby autho- the duplicates rifecl and required, once, or oftencr, in every year, by warrant ycar^* under their nands, to fummon and require fuch officer, fo to be appointed by his Majefty, to appear before them, and produce

tM faid duplicates," or copies, of the faid ftandard weights of a guinea, and of a (hilling, and of the parts and multiples thereof, as aforefaid, and the fame to examine and compare with the * ftandard weights herein-before diretfted to be lodged in the 1 cuftody of the warden, mafter, and comptroller, of his Majefty’s mint for thfe time being.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. After Dec. *t. That from and after the thirty-firft day of December, one thou- *774> the fand feven hundred and feventy-four, all weights*to be made ufe

£ of for weighing the faid gold and filver coin, (hall be regulated t0 a P ' and afeertained by the duplicates, or copies, of the faid ftandard

■	weights of a guinea, and of a (hilling, and of the parts and multiples thereof refpeclively, lodged in the cuftody of the officer before mentioned; and after having been tried and compared •therewith, and found to be juft and true, (hall, in teftimony

1 thereof, be marked by the faid officer with a ftamp or mark, or :■ (tamps, or nfiarks, to be approved of by the mafter of his Ma-5 jefty’s mint; which ftamps or marks the faid pfficer is hereby . direb^d to provide: and, in order that the ImprfeTfion or Im- and deferibed - piclfibhs'm'ade thereby may be khown to all his Majefty’s fub- publickly.

' je&$, the faid	is	hereby'alfo* directed to publifh a deferip-

$ lion of the fam^, by.advertifettierftis, in the LonfaHGazette, three

■	firites at ftealV before the'laid fhfrty-firft day 6f December, one ;; thoufaud feven Tidndfcd add (feventy-four; and therfaid officer

#	•	is	,

590	Anno	decimo	quarto	Georgti	III.	c.92.

is hereby required, upon application made to him at all (eafcn-able hours, to ftamp cr mark, in manner

to be ufed for weighing the Tard goM and filter toil!, wWeft Out be brought to him for that purpofe, and whleti ftilttfiridto be juft and true, according to the faicTduplieatd^ briJ«fcptesi of the ftandard weights of a guinea, and of alhiHmg, arid df #te parts and multiples thereof refoc&rvcly,' hereby direfted -to be lodged in his cuftody, without fee or reward, and Without wilful No other delay : and from and after the faid thirty-firft day of Dtctm±4t+ weights to be one thoufand feven hundred and feveitfy-four, no other weights allowed in fout fuch as ^ajj juft an(j truc^ accorciing to the weights with and by which they arc hereby directed to be compared and af-certained, and (hall be marked in manner before mentioned, (hall be reputed or accepted in law to be true* or oF any effect fpr determining the weight of the gold or filver coin of this realm.

Perfons counterfeiting, or

V. And it is hereby further enafled, That if any perfon or perfons lhall forge or counterfeit any ftamp or mark, to refembk

iiall forfeit

ieilmg, torged any ftamp or mark provided or u feel in purfuance of this a&, cr (hall counterfeit or refemble the impreffion of any ftrch damp er markkas aforefaid, on any fuch weight or weights, as aforelakl; or (hail utter, vend, or fell, any fuch weight or weights, with the impreffion of fuch counterfeit (lamp or mark thereupon, knowing the fame to be counterfeited ; or (hall wilfully incfeaic or diminifh any fuch weight, after it has been (lamped or marked in manner before directed; or (hall make ufe of apjr fuch weight in weighing the gold and filver coin of this realm* Knowing the lame to nave been fo increased or diminilhed; every 501 or be con- fuch perfon and perfons (hall, for every fuch offence, upon con-nutted for 3 vitftion thereof, before any two of his Majefty*s juftices of the mon #* peace of the county, divifion, or place, where fuch offence (hall be committed, who are hereby authorifed and directed to enquire into the fame, forfeit and pay any fura not exceeding the fum of fifty pounds, at the diferetion of the faid juftices $ one moiety thereof to go to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, and the other moiety to him that (hall inform or fue for the fame; and, on default of payment, itlhall and may be lawful (or fuch juftices of the peace to commit every fuch offender to the common gaol, or houlq of correction, for any time not exceeding three months.

Nottoabridgc VI. Provided always, and be it enabled. That pothing hefein the letters contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extent?, to take away patent ii Jac. Qr abridge any rights, powers, privileges, or profits, granted by founders com* his Iate maJefty King Jama the Firft, by letters pat?nt? \t\ the pany.	twelfth year of his reign, to the matter, wardens, Com-

monalty of the myttery of founders of the city of Lindahl and which they may lawfully claim or enjoy, with refpejft to the filing and marking of all manner of brafs weights made or wrought within the faid city of London^ or within three miles compafs thereof, or which (nail'be fold, uttered, or kept for foie, within the fajd city of Londonj or three miles comphfs thereof.

.	1	VIL	Pro,

Digitized by LiOCK z

i 774-] Anno dedmd quarto Georgii III. c. 93*—ico.	591

,.VIt • Provided neverthelefs, That the weights berein-be- After the fore dife&ed %o be made ufe of for Weighing the gold and .diver ^*^re zoVfi ofthis rea^, after having been fized and marked accord- marked, tHey ing jo th* directions of the faid charter,* be carried to be after* are to be afeer-tained and marked in manner herein-before dirc£t$d, by tbe*ainedi” Pur* officer appointed by his Majefty for that purpofe, in purfuance *uancc hcreo** of the powers given by this adf..	-	4

h C A P. XCHI.

An a£lfor 'rebaMdkg' tA chunk of the pkrifb of Lewi flam, in tie ^	.	twenty	of Kent.

:	^	c	a p, x:civ.

An aft for eflabrijbing a nevb church or chapel ere fling at Toxteth JPark, In the parifb of Walton, near Liverpool, in the county palatine ^*Lancafter.

. CAP. XCV.

An off for rebuilding the pari/b church of Batterfea, fo the county of Surrey, and for enlarging the church-yard of the faid parijh church.

,CAP. XCVI.

An afl to amend an all, pajfed in the tenth and eleventh years of the reign of King William the Third, intituled\ An a<5t for the making and keeping navigable the rivers of Aire and Calder, in the county of Tori ; and for improving the navigation of the i faid river Air e,from Weeland to the river Ouze $ and for mol-i ,ing a navigable canal from the jaid river /Vi re, at or near Haddle-fcy, to the river Ooze, at the Old Brick Garth at Ouze Gate End,within the tavanjhip of Selby, in the faid county, and for other purpofes. r ■

CAP. XCVIL

An oft to continue, amend, 'and render more effefinal an afl, made in the fixtb year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, for repair* ing Hie road from the turnpike at Tunbridge Wells, in the county of Kent, to Ringles Crofs, near Ucifiild> in the county of SvJJex.

CAP. XCVI1I.

An afl to enlarge the term and powers of an afl, made in the thirty-fecond year of his late Majefty, for repairing and widening the high road from Wetherby to Graifington, in the county 0} York.

C A P. XCIX. •

An afl for enlarging the term and powers of on afl, made in the twenty-eighth year of his late Majefty, for repairing and widen- f , the roads from the town of Manchefler to the town of Rods-j dale, and from a place called The Ivbite Smithy, in the town-‘ f Ihip of Crtimpfol, to the town of Bury, and from a place called Bejfn of the Barn to Ratcliffe Bridge, in the county palatine of, Lancajter \ and for impowering the truffees under the faid afl to repair a lane called Shecpfoot Lane, in the fdd county.

t A P. C.

Jb.pfljfir enlarging the term and powers of an afl, patted in the twenty-fixthy ear of the reign of his late majejly King George the n ; /	Second,	1

Digitized by LjOOQle

Anno dccirno Quarto GeoRQK Uk <^fM--3rf<7S.X^774-

Second^ for repairing aid widening the roads from HenOuiii’s Smithy, upon Cranage Gfeen, through the town of Nether Knutsford, and by the fomtb guide peft i* Jtfcre, . wdjfcckiw Hill, JothetoumofAltnnchitn* mtbecountyfildtifwufCYx&a', and from the fold guide pofi to Warrington, uhtbeucUMtjofLLm-carter \ and from BucUowfHiU^/>r//Se/, to Penny's Lane, suer Northwich, in the faid county //Chefter*	.	„

CAP. CL

Jn aft for repairing and widening feveral roadi ittdr the tb&hs of Hockerton, Kirklington, Southwell, Normanton, and Wjnk-bourne, in the county of Nottingham.

CAP. CH.

Jin oft to enlarge the terms and powers of two aftsy made in-fit twenty fixth and twenty-feventb years of tie reign of his lad ere-jefy King George the Second, for repairing feveral roads leading into the city of Glafgow, fo far as the fame relate t* the :red leading from the faid city of Glafgow, through Cawcaddcns, U that part of the water of Kelvine, called The Mrlnfbid of Garfcube.

c a p. cm.

Jin aft for explaining and amending an aft* made in the thirty- fecord year of his late Majeftyy for improving the navigation of the river Clyde, to the city of Glafgowand for building a bridge crofs the faid river, from the faid city to the vill^e of Gar-bells ; and part of another aft, made in the eighth year of bis prefent Majejiy, for explaining and amending the faid aft z and for re-•	pairing,	widening,	and enlarging,	the old bridge acrofs tie river

of Clyde, from the city of Glafgow to the village of Gorbcltt.

C A P, CIV.

An aft to enlarge the term and powers of an aft^ made in oherwen-eigbth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repair-

* ing and widening the road from Balingrtoke, through Wostin, Overton, Whitchurch, Hufband Priors, Andover* and^Middle Wallop, in tbs county of Southampton, to a place tolled Lobcomb Corner, in the parijh of Winterflow, in the county of Wilts, for including the road from Spittle Houfe, over Wcy-hill, to Mullens Pond, as direftedby an aft, made in thy twenty- ninth year of his faid Majejiy \ and for amending the roofs

. from Andover, through Charlton, towards Tangley, ctndfrom Charlton to Cianfield Bottom, and from WeyhiU to Sarfoh Street, and alfo the road through the faid town of ^rttgigrtoke.'

CAP. CV.

Jn aft to continue the terms of two afts, made in the twenty fixth and twenty-feventh years of the reign of his late mojefly King George the Second, for repairing feveral roads leading into lit city of Glafgow, Jo far as the June relate to the roads from the city tf/*Glalgow, to Yocker Bridge, *t* Renfrew Bridge, tetbt Three Mile Houfe, to the town of Airdrie, "bud from the village e/'Gorbells to The Chapel of Cambuflang, in the counties of Lanerk- and Renfrew.

CAP.

Digitized by

Google

/

x 774-1 Anno decimo quarto Geokgii III. c. io6— i 12.

. Vi CAP. CVI.	.

An aft for recovering, improving, and maintaining thtnavigathn of the haven of Hedon, Holdemeffc, w the cojl riding of the county of York.

CAP. CVII.

An aftfor draining and preferuing the low grounds and carrs, within the parijhes, townjbips, and place? of Wineftead, Pattring-ton, .South Frodingharo, Hollym, Rimfwell, Owthorne

. ctbgrmife Seathorne, Withernfea, Ingland Hill, and Waiker Fields, in Holdernefle, in the eajl riding of the county of York.

C A P. CVIII.

An aft for better governing and -employing the poor, and making and collecting the poor's rates, within the parijhes of Saint Giles in the Fields, and Saint George Bloomlbury, in the county of Middlefex. .	,

CAP. CIX.

An a ft to enlarge the term of an a Cl, made in the feventh year of the reign of his prefent Maje/ly, for repairing and widening fcveral roads, leading from the town of Ayr, and other roads therein mentioned, in the county of Ayr ; and for repairing and widening certain other roads within the faid county of Ayr.

CAP. CX.

An aft to enlarge the term and powers of an aft paffed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his late majejly King George the Second, for repairing and widening the high roads from Hinckley to fVoeful Bridge; and alfo from Hoo-afh Lane, through Old Lane, and from Swanningtonio Lee Gutter, and from thence to Melborne Common; and from Ibjhck to Meajham, in the counties of Leicefer and Derby; and for repairing and widening the road from Pbiney's Hotofe, in the liberty of Ofbafton, to Chefire’s Houfe, in the liberty of Carlton, and alfo the road from the turnpike road at Swannington, along Burton’s Lane, to the Coal Fields; and alfo the road from the toll-gate in Old Lane to the Leicefter and A(hby-de-la-zouch turnpike roads.

CAP. CXI.

aft to enlarge the term and powers of fo much of an aft of par-

T liament, made and paffed in the twenty-ninth year of the reigti of bis late maje/ly King George the Second, for repairing and widening feveral roads therein mentioned, from the town of Tewkef-bury, in the county of Gloucefter, as relates to the fecond di-Jlrift or roads therein mentioned; and to amend the road from E1-* ftonc church to the turnpike road from Cirencefter to Gloucefter, near a place called Comb End Beeches, in the faid county of Gloucester.

CAP. iCXII.

An aft for continuing, altering, and amending an aft, made and paffed in the twenty-fixth year of his late majejly King George . the Second, intituled, An ad for repairing and widening fevei a!

1	'	.	roads.

Digitized by

Google

Anno decirao quarto GeoRgii III. c. 113—118. [1774*

roads leading from the town of Bewdly, in the const? of JVorcefler, to the feveral places therein mentioned* m 4c counties of IVotcefier and Salop refpedtively*

CAP. CXIII.

An aft for enlarging the term and powers of an oft, triade in He twenty-fvt nth. year of King George the Second\ for repairing end widening the road from the boroughf of Leicefter to and by th north fide of the town of Uppingham, in the county of Rutland, and to Wansford, in the county of Northampton; ami frm thence to Peterborough, in theJaid county ^Northampton ; cad for repairing the road from the termination of the faid road at Peterborough to the market place there.

CAP. CXIV.

An aft for enlarging the term and powers offo much of an aft, mode in the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefiy y as relates ts the road from the town of Rotherham, in the county of York, to the turnpike road at the eafi end of Tankertley Park, in the

• faid county.

CAP. CXV.

An aft to enlarge the term and powers of an aft, made in the twenty-ficondyear of his late majefiy King George the Second, for repair-ing the road from North Shields, in the county ^/'Northumberland, to the town of Newcaftle upon Tyne.

CAP. CXVI.

An aft for impowering the truficcs for repairing the road from Jlones end in Saint Leonard Shoreditch, to the furshermoji pars cf the northern road9 in the pirifh of Enfield, in the county ; f Middlefex, to caufe part of the faid road to be lighted, watched and watered; and for lightings watchings and watering the pari/* of Saint Mary Stoke Newington, in the faid county.

C A P. CXVil.

An aft to enlarge the term and powers of an aft, pajfed in the north yeor of his prejent Alajcfiy, for repairing and widening the reel from Beverley to the jerry at Hcfsle, and from the Mahon guidepofi to the gravel pit at Cottingham, in the county of York; and for repairing and widening other roads therein mentioned. CAP. CXV1II.

An aft for continuing the term and enlarging the powers granted by an afty poffed in thy twenty-eighth year of bis late Majefiy* s reign y for repairing the road from the north end of Browns Lamy in Great Stoughton, in the county of Huntingt<my through Kimbclton and Higham Ferrers, to the way-poft near Wellingborough Bridge in the county of Northampton, and from the pound in Kimbohon to the way-poft in Great Cat worth Fid/ near Brington Bridge, in the faid county of Huntingdon; crA for repealing fo much of an aft of the tenth year cf his prefent Majefiy s reign, as relates to the road between the north end tf Brown's Lane and the foutb end thereof.

The Eni* of the Thirtieth VOU/ME.

Digitized by Google