THE

Statutes at large.

FROM THE

Ninth Year of King George L

TO THE

Second Year of King George It

B Y

DANBY PICKERING, of Graves Inn, E%

THE

Statutes at large,

FROM	THE	/

Hindi Year ,of JECing George I,

TO THE

Second Year of King Geor.ge IJ,

To which is prefixed,

A TABLE containing the TITLES of all the STATUTES during that Period.

VOL. XV.

- By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray’s-Inn, E%

Reader of the Law Le&ure to that Honourable Society.

CAMBRIDGE,

Printed by JOSEPH BENTHAM, Printer to the UNIVERSITY; for CHARLES BATHURST, at the Crols-Keys, oppofite StDunfian’s Church in Fleet-Street, London. 1765.

* 1 • i	*	•

CUM PRIFILEGIQ,

/

A

TABLE of the STATUTES,

Containing the Titles of all fuch A6ts as are extant in print* from the Eighth Year of King George I. to the Second Year of King George II.

Anno 9 Georgii I.

Cap, i. rTT'0 impower his Maje-JL fty to fecure and detain fuch perfons, as his Majefty (hall fufpelt are confpiring againft his perfon and government.

Cap. 2, For granting an aid to his Majefty by a land-tax to be railed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year 1723.

Cap. 3. For continuing the duties on malt, mum, cyder, and perry, to raife money by way of a lottery, for the fervice of the year *723,

Cap. 4. For punilhing mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army, and their quarters.

Cap, 5. For redeeming certain annuities, now payable by the cafhier of the bank of Englana3 at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum. Cap. 6. For reviving and adding two millions to the capital ftocfc of the South-Sea company, and for reviving a proportional part of the yearly fund payable at the exchequer, and for dividing their whole capital (after fuch divifion made) into two equal parts or moieties,and for converting one of the faid moieties into certain annuities, for the benefit of the members, and for fettling the remaining moiety in the raid company; and for continuing for one year longer the provifion formerly made againft requiring fpecial bail in aliions or fuits upon fuch contrails, as are therein mentioned. Vol. XV.

Cap. 7. For amending the laws relating to the fettlement, imploy-ment, and relief of the poor.

Cap. 8. For continuing feme laws, and reviving others therein mentioned, for exempting apothecaiies from ferving pariih and .ward offices, and upon juries, and relating to jurors; and to the payment of feamens wages, and the preferva-tion of naval (lores, and (lores of war; and concerning the militia, and trophy-money; and. againft dandeftine running of uncuftomed goods, and for more effedlual preventing frauds relating to the cu-iloms, and frauds in mixing lilk with (luffs to be exported.

Cap. 9. For the better qualifying the manufacturers of ltufis and yam in the city of Norwich, and liberties thereof, to bear offices of magiftracy in the faid city, and for regulating elections of (uch officers.

Cap. ro. For clearing, depihning, repairing, extending, maintaining, and improving the haven and piers of Great Yarmouth, and for depth-ning and making more navigable the fevcral rivers emptying them-felves at the faid town; and alfe for preserving (hips, winteringinthe faid haven, from accidents by fire. Cap. 11. For repairing and widening the road leading from the Black-Bull in Dunjlable in the county of Bedford, to the way turning out of the faid road up to Skaffbrd-Houfe in the county of Hertford. a	Cap*

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 12. For the more eafy afligning or transferring certain redeemable annuities, payable at the exchequer, by endorfements on the (landing orders for the fame.

Cap. 13. For the enlarging the term granted by an ait, patted in the eighth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne* intituled. An aft for repairing the higfnvays* between the keufe commonly called the Horfhoe-Houfe, in the parijb of Sroke-Goldington, in the county of Bucks, and the tewn of Northampton; and for repairing the road from the north-bridge of Ne wport-Pagnel in the county of Bucks, to the /aid Horfhoe-Houfe.

Cap. 14. For enlarging the term granted by an ait made in the third year of his Majefty’s reign (for continuing the duty of two pennies Scots upon every pint of ale and beer fold in the city of Edinburgh* for the purpofes therein mentioned; and for difconiinuing payment of the Petty-Pert Cujloms. there) and for making the faid ait more effectual.

Cap. 15* To inflict pains and penalties on John Plunket.

Cap. 16. To inflict pains and penalties on George Kelly* alias Jchnfcn.

Cap. 17. To inflict pains and penalties on Francis lord bifliop of Ro-chejier,

Cap. 18. For granting an aid to his Maiefty by laying a tax upon papitts, and for making fuch other perfons, as upon due fummons (hall refufe or negledt to take the oaths therein mentioned, to contribute towards the faid tax, for reimburfing to the publick part of the great expences occafioned by the late confpiracies; and for difenarging the eflates of .papifts from the two third parts of the rents and profits thereof for one

Jear, and all arrears of thefame, and rom fuch forfeitures as are therein more particularly deferibed.

Cap. 19. To continue the duties for encouragement of the coinage of monies; and for reiief of William late lord ff'iddrington; and to prevent foreign lotteries being carried on in this kingdomand for afeer-taining the duties on bound books imjiorted; and foriffuing certificates and debentures for arrears due to five'regiments, to be fatisfied by annuities therein mentioned; and for difeharging the duties of rock-falt loft oh the rivers Weaver and Mercy \ and for limiting the times of continuance of comnyiflioncrs for forfeited eftates in England and Scotland refpetf ively; and for appropriating the luppiies granted to Ins Majefty in thisfeflionof parliament, and to^re&ify mifnomer$and omif fionsof cpmqfiiflioncrs far the land tax in the year 1723.

Cap. 20. For laying a duty of twe pennies Seots, oronefixth part of 2 penny Sterling* upon every Scot pint of ale and beer brewed and fold wjthin the town of Linlithgoio and liberties thereof, in the count) of Wcji-bothian* for paying the debts of the faid town, and othci purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 21. For enabling his Majefty tc put the culloms of Gfeat Britait under the management of one 01 more commiflions, and for bettei fccuring and alcertaining the duties on tobacco, and to prevent fraud: in exporting tobacco, and othci goods and merchandizes, or carry* ing the fame coaftwife.

Cap. 22. For the more effectual pu nifhing wicked and evil-difpofec perfons going armed in difguife, anc doing injuries and violences to tin perfons and properties of his Majefty’s (objects, and for the mor< fpeedy bringing the offenders tc juftice.

Cap. 23. For further enlarging th< times for enrring, hearing, and determining claims on the eftarei

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

vetted in the truftees of the South-Sea company, and for obliging per-Tons to claim (lock by the time therein mentioned for jmoney-fub-feriptions, and for other the pur-pofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 24. To oblige all perfons, being papifts, in that part ot Great Britain called Scotland* and all perfons in Great Britain refilling or neglelting to take the oaths appointed for the fecurity of his Majefty’s perfon and government, by feveral alts herein mentioned, to regifter their names and real eftates.

Cap. 25. For making more effectual an *& pitted in the eighth year of his prcfent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An a&for /applying the records of the commijfary court of Aberdeen hunt or M in the late fire there

Cap. 26. To prevent his Majefty's fubjeds from fubferibing or being concerned in encouraging or promoting any (uhfeription for an Eaft-Indio company in the Auftrian Netherlands* and (ox the better Teeming the lawful trade of his Majefty’s fubje&s to and from the Eajl-Indies.

Cap. 27. For preventing journeymen lhoemakers felling, exchanging, or pawning boots, (hoes, flippers, cut leather, or other materials for making boots, (hoes, or flippers, and for better regulating the (aid journeymen.

Cap. 28- For more effeltual execution of juftice in a pretended privileged place in the parifti of St. George in thecounty of Surrey* commonly called the Minty and for bringing to fpce-dy and exemplary juftice luch offenders as are therein mentioned; god for giving relief tofuch perfons as are proper objelts of charity and compaifion there.

Cap. 29. To enable lords of manors more cafily to recover their fines, and to exempt infants and femes cpvcrt from forfeitures of their

copyhold eftates in particular cafes-

Cap. ‘30. Forcompleating the repairs of the harbour of Dover* in the county of Kent} and for reftorinS the harbour of Rye, in the county of Suffer* to its ancient goodnefs.

Cap. 31. For repairing the highway9 from the city of Gloucefler, to the top of Birdlip-Hill* (being the ipad to London) and from the foot of the faid hill to the top of Griciley-Hill* ( being the road to Oxford) and to oblige thofe concerned m the receipt or payment of any monies, by virtue of an alt of the ninth and tenth years of his late majefty King William* touching the repairing the faid highways, to account for the fame to the truftees appointed by this aift.

Cap. 32. For confirming articles of agreement between. the .principal officers of the ordnance, and Thomas Miffing, efq; for exchange of feme lands at Portfmoutb, for the*fervice of bis Majefty.

■ Private AEts.

Anno 9 Gcorgii I.

1.	Anad to enableefq; and Sarah Bounded, to make fettle-inents, upon their- inter-marriage, of their feveral eftates, notwith-ftanding their refpeltive minorities.

2.	An alt for naturalizing Luder Mel-lo, Benjamin Berkenhout* and others.

3.	An a St for naturalizing John Anthony Loubier, Henry Loubier* and others.

4.	An alt to enable William Sheppard to change his firname of Sheppard to Hall* according to the will of William Hall* ferjeant at law, deceased.

5.	An alt to enable Timothy Watts* of Burbage in the county of Lettejlcr* efq; and his heirs, to change or alter their names to Saint Nicholas* according to the will of Bazil Saint Nicholas of Knowle in the county of Warwick* efq; deefafed, -

Aa

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

6.	An ad to enable John Smith, gent. given to the minifter and pi

•nd his heirs, to take and u(e the	Tong in the county of Salop,

firname of Dickenfon, according to	deed and will of Gervas, lord

the will of John Dickenfon, gent. repont, deceafed, and thereby c deceafed.	ed upon his eftate in the count

7.	An ad to veft in truftees for Wil- Salop and Stafford.

Ham Lounds, efq; the reverfion in 13. An ad for confirming and fee, expedant upon a term of four*	blifhing articles of agreemen

fcore and nineteen years now in	tween the mod noble John*

being, of and in certain pieces of	of Montagu, and JVtlliam, di

ground and building thereupon, in	Manchefter, and others, up

the parilh of St. James within the	marriage intended between th

liberty of IVefiminfler, and of and	duke of Manchejler and the

in a certain mefluage and land at or	Habella, eldeft daughter of tli

near Knightsbridge, upon paying the	duke of Montagu.

value thereof into the exchequer. 14. An ad for the vetting i JB. An ad to confirm certain ex-	woods, lands and coppices ii

changes, conveyances, and other	niemt and Geddington in the c

aflurances, maae by John Jenyns,	of Northampton, and belong

efq; and others, or fome parts of	the right honourable George, •

the ettates comprized in the articles	Cardigan, in the moft noble

and fcttlement made on his mar-	duke of Montagu, and his

riage with Dorothy his late wife,	and for vetting and fettling

and to fupply fome defeds in the	woods, lands and coppices,

laud articles and fettlement; and to	in the paritties of Oakley Pan

enable him to make a fettlement	Stanierne in the faid cout:

on any future marriage.	Northampton, in and upon tl

0.	An ad for vetting in truftees the	George, earl of Cardigan, wi

ettates of George Bennett gent, and	mainders over, and in the nr

of Henry Bennet, his only fon and	herein mentioned,

heir, in the county of Devon, to be 15. An ad to enable Richard fold for the purpofes therein men-	combe, efq; to fell lands, not e:

tioned.	ing twenty acres, to and f<

10.	An ad to naturalize Elizabeth	ufc of his Majetty, for buil

Burr, and others.	vidualling office for the fer

•pi. An ad to naturalize John Ber-	the royal navy at Plymouth

kenhoutmd Jacob Hanfen Buff	to purchafe other lands to b

pa. An ad for compleating the fale	tied to the fame ufes, as the

of the manors of Crouton, alias	to be fold now (land limit

Croxden, and Great Tate, and other his marriage-fettlement. lands and tenements, late the eftate 16. An ad to enable truftees, of the moft noble Evelyn duke of	the confent of Mary, the v

Kingjlon (lord privy feal) in the	Thomas Horton, efq; a lunati

county of Stafford; and afeertain-	execute the powers in the mai

ing and augmenting the ftipend of	fettlement of the faid lunatic

the minifter of Crouton aforefaid,	raifing anyfum,not excecdinj

.out of t he faid eftate, and for charg-	thoufand pounds, for Elizabeu

ing one annuity given to the poor	ton, and Eleanor Horton his d

of Crouton aforefaid. wholly upon	ters, and for other purpofes i

phe faid eftate, and difeharging the mentioned.

£une eftate from .other annuities 17. An ad for vetting certain

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

tenements, and hereditaments of Richard Somers, efq; in the county of Kent, in truftees, to be fold for payment of a debt now owing and charged thereon, on account of his late brother and fillers portions.

18.	An adl for naturalizing John Baring.

19.	An adl for veiling part of the ellate of Richard Clayton, efq; in the county of Salop, in truftees to be fold for payment of his debts.

20.	An adl for veiling the ellates of fir Gorvas Clifton, bart. in truftees, and to enable him to an cilate for life, by way of purchafe, in fettle-meots intended to be made of his ellates on the marriage of Robert Clifton, efq; bis fon and heir apparent.

21.	An adl for veiling part of the eftate of fir Richard Anderfon, bart. deceafed, in trultees, to be fold for the payment of his debts, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

22.	An adt for fale of the manor of ^ueenbill, and other the lands therein mentioned in the county of Worcejler, for raifing monies for and towards payment of; the debts of William Gower, efq; and of John Gower, his fon, deceafed; and for difehareing the laid manor and lands of and from the fame.

Anno 10 Georgii I.

Cap. x. For granting an aid to his Majefty by a land-tax in Great Britain, to be raifed for the fervice of the year 1724.

Cap. 2. For continuing the duties on malt, mum, cyder and perry, to raife money by way of a lottery, for the fervice or the year 1724, and touching loft bills, tickets, certificates, or orders; and for giving further time for payment of the duties on money given with apprentices; and for appropriating

the fupplies granted in thifc feffion of parliament.

Cap. 7. For the punching mutiny and deiertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 4. For explaining and amending an ad of the laft feflion of parliament, intituled. An ad to obligi all perfons, being papifts, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and all perfons in Great Britain, refufing or negleding to take the oaths appointed for the fecurity of bis Majejlfs perfon and government, by feveral ads herein mentioned, to regifter their* names and real eftates; aim for enlarging the time for taking the faid oaths, and making fuch regifters, and for allowing farther time for the inrollmcnt of deeds or wills made by papills, which have been omitted to be enrolled, purfuant to an ad of the third year <tf his Majefty’s reign; and alfo for giving relief to proteftant leflees.

Cap. 5. For redeeming certain annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum; and for payment of the principal and intereft on the Handing orders for the blank tickets in the lottery granted for the fervice of the year 1714. and for making good the lofs, which happened in the treafury of his Majelly’s exchequer, by the reduction of guineas; and for granting relief to Catherine Collingwood, widow.

Cap. 6. For enlarging the term granted by an adt, palled in the third year of his Majefty’s reign, intituled. An ad fer repairing tie highvayu from that part of Coun-ter’j Bridge, which lies in the parijh of Kenfington in the county of Mid-dlefex, to the powder-mills in the rood to Staines, and to Cranford Bridge in the faid county in the road /iColnc-brooke; and for making the faid adl more effedtual.

Cap. 7. For making mere cffedlua! an adl made in the ninth year of a 3	YC\*

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

his Majefty’s reign, intituled. An aft for compleatiug the repairs of the harbour of Dover, in the county of Kent; and for reftoring the harbour • of Rye in the county of Suflex, to its ancient goodnefs, fo far as the fame relates to the harbour of Rye.

Cap. 8. For reviving an a ft palled in the tenth year of her late Ma-jefly’s reign, intituled, An aft to ■ maio a caufry over the Denes from Great Yarmouth to Caifter in the comb of Norfolk; and for making the laid aft more effectual.

Cap. 9. For repairing and amending the highways from the north part of Harhw-bufh common, in the parifh of Harkw, to IVcodfcrd in the county of Fftix.

Cap. 10. For repealing certain duties therein mentioned, payable upon coffee, tea, cocoa-nuts, chocolate and cocoa-pafte imported; and for granting certain inland duties in lieu thereof; and for prohibiting the importation of chocolate ready made, and cocoa-pafte; and for better afeertaining the duties payable upon coffee, tea, and cocoa-nuts imported; and for granting relief to Robert Dalzell, late earl of Carn-watb.

Cap. ri. To prevent multiplicity of profecutions upon an aft made in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of his late majefty King Wittiam the Third; intituled. An aft for the more effectual employing the pooi\ by encouraging the manufaftures of this kingdom.

Cap. 12. For repairing the roads leading from Stump-Crofsy in the ftarifh of Cbefterfordy in the county , of EjffeXy to Newmarket-Heathy and the town of Cambridge^ in the county of Cambridge.

Cap. 13. For amending the roads from theftones-endin SoutbwarkytoHigh-gatty at the entrance of AJbiown Forefly in the parifli of Eaft-Grin-Heady in the county of SuffeXy and 2

from tingfton to Burton-Gommony and alfo the lane leading from fl ood-Hatch to Sidlow-Milly and the lanes called Horfehillsy Bonehurfty alias BonerSy and Peteridge lanes, in the county of Surry9 by enlarging the term granted by two former afts, one of the fourth, and the other of the fixth year of his Majefty’s reign.

Cap. 14. For enlarging the times for hearing and determining claims * by the truftees for railing money upon the eftates of the late directors of the South-Sea company, and others; and for reviving and continuing the provifion formerly made againft requiring fpecial bail in actions or fuits upon contrafts for ftock or fubferiptions, between the firft day of December, 1719. and the firft day of December, 1720. and for other purpofes therein mentioned. Cap. ie. For repairing the road leading from Dunchurchy in the county of Warwicky to the I o'tom of Mi-riden-Hill in the fame county. Cap. 16. For encouraging the Greenland filhery.

Cap. 17. For continuing afts for preventing theft and rapine upon the northern borders of jEngland-, and for better regulating of pilots; and for regulating the price and affize of bread; and for better encouragment of the making of fail-cloth in Great Britain.

Cap. 18. To explain and amend an aft pafled in the fixth year of his Majefty’s reign, intituled, An ati for afeertaining the breadthsy and preventing frauds and abttfes in manu« fafturing fergesy pladdtngSy and fin-grumsy and for regulating the manufaftures of Jtockings in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, K far as the fame relates to forges. Cap. 19. For explaining the law concerning the trial and admiflion oi the ordinary lords of fefiion.

Cap. 20* For the better viewing,

fcarch-

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

fearching,and examining all drugs, medicines. Waters, oils, competitions, ufed or to be ufed for medicines, in all places where the fame (hall be expofed to falc, or kept for that purpofe, within the city of Loudon and fuburbs thereof, or within feven miles circuit of the faid city.

Private Afts.

Anno io Georgii I.

1.	An ad for naturalizing of manf gentleman.

2.	An ad for naturalizing William Hodjbouy Francis Noguier, and o-thers.

3.	An ad for naturalizing John Gcr-bardt Mailer, and James Homer.

4.	An act for compleating the rebuilding the parifh church of St. Martin in the fields.

5.	An ad for rebuilding the parifh church of St. Botolpbs Bijbopfgate, in the city of London, at the charge oft he inhabitants of the faid parifh.

6.	An ad to inclofe the common field* and commons of Suuningwcll cum Buyworthy in the county of Berks.

7.	An ad fox draining, improving, and indofing the common called Oxlurgb Common in the pariih of Uxburgby in the county of Norfolk \ and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

8.	An ad to enable Tkomasy duke of Norfolk, to make leales fur fixty years, of the houfes and ground in Arundcl-flrcity Ncrflk-ftretty How-ard-jlru /, Surrey-jlraty and other his tenements and dlate in the pari ih of St. Ciments Danes in the county of Middifix.

9.	An ad to veil in truftees the manors of Batllifdin and Pottefgravcy and divers lands and hereditaments in the county of Bedford, the efture of Benjamin Ediiurjl, dq; to the intent the lame, may be fold, in

order to compleat a purchafe by him made of lands in the county of Ghuctjler, to be fettled to the fame ufes.

10.	An act for fale of the eftate late of Humphrey Ik’hadicck, deceafed, for dilchaiging a debt due to the crown, and for payment of fuch other his debts, as his perfonal e-ftate will not extend to pay; and for fettling the relidue of his lands conformable to his lad will.

11.	An ad for enabling Pelfant Reeves, gentleman, to fell certain leafehold lands in Suffolky fettled upon his marriage, and to purchafe other lands to be fettled to the fame ufes.

12.	An ad for naturalizing Henry Voght, and Sebajlianus Van Weentgem de Vyver.

13.	An ad for adding the firname of Tylneyy to the defendants of the right honourable Williamy lord Crawly and Anne his wife, foie daughter and heir of Frederick Tylneyy efq ;

14.	An ad to enable his Majefty to grant the inheritance of certain lands and tenements in or near Deptfordy in the county of Kenty to truftees upon truft for fir John Eve-lyny bai t, and his heirs, upon a full confideration to be paid for the fame.

15.	An ad to enable fir Geffery Palmer y bart. and Robert Palmer, efq 5 and the furvivor of them, together with Thomas Palmer, efq; to convey and fettle fcvcral manors and lands in the counties of Leicejler, Northamptonand Lincoln.

16.	An ad for allowing to Thomas Pagetty efq; out of fourteen thou-fand pounds, vefted in truftees by an ad of parliament for fale of his wife's eftate, the Turn of four thou-frnd pounds, upon the confideration therein mentioned.

17.	An ad to fettle the eftate of fir

IL.jy AiLku bart. according to ths intention of articles made be-a 4	tott

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

before his marriage with dame Penelope his wife, daughter of fir John SioHchwfe, bart. x8. An ad for explaining the will of Jacob Knight, efq; dtxeafed, and charging hisfec-fimple eftates with two thousand pounds, and intereft, for the portion of his youngell fon, Charles Knight.

19.	An act for veiling the manor of Coniflcn-Ccld^ in the county of York* and other lands and tenements therein mentioned, in truil.ccs, to be fold for payment of the debts of Henry Coulthurjl* efq; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

20.	An ad for veiling certain copy-hold lands in the county of Suffolk, late the eftate of Henry Appleton* efq; deceafed, in trail, to be fold for payment of his childrens portions.

21-	An ad for veiling the eilates of Haulier BagcnaU* efq; and his two daughters, m the counties of Dublin and Meath in the kingdom of Ireland, in truftees, to be fold for payment of the debts charged thereupon, and railing portions for the faid daughters.

22-	An ad to enable John Howe* of Stowell* in the county of Gloucefler* efq; to fell the manor or lordihip of ElUrton* alias Ellerton upon Swale, and all other his lands and hereditaments in the county of York* comprized in his marriage fettle-ment, he having fettled other lands and hereditaments in the county of Gbuceflcr* of greater value, to the fame ufes, in Leu thereof.

23.	An ad to enable Hugh* vifeount Falmouth* and Richard Edgcombe* efq; to take in Great Britain, the oath of office as vicc-treafurer, and receiver general, and paymailer general of all his Majefty’s revenues in the kingdom of Irednd* and to qualify themielves for the enjoyment of the faid offices.

24.	An ad to enable George Doding-

ton9 efq; to take in Great Britain the oaths of office, as writer of the tallies and counter-tallies, and clerk of the pells in the receipt of the exchequer in the kingdom of Ireland* and to qualify himfelf for the enjoyment of the faid offices.

25.	An ad to naturalize John Wem.

26.	An ad to naturalize John Van Rixtell and Ludoff Scbaart.

Anno 11 Georgii I.

Cap. 1. For granting an aid to his Majelly by a land-tax to be nufed in Great Britain, for the fcrvicc of the year 1725.

Cap. 2. For indemnifying the makers in chancery, upon their difeo-vering what coniiderarion, price or gratuity they paid or agreed to pay for the purchafe of, or tor their ad-miffion to, their refpedive offices.

Cap. 3. To enable the pier-wardens of the town of Margat in the county of Kent, more effedually to recover the ancient and accuilomary droits, for the fupport and maintenance of the faid pier.

Cap. 4. For preventing the inconve-niencies ariling for want of eledions of mayors, or other chief raagiftrates of boroughs or corporations being made upon the days appointed by charter or ufage for that purpofe, and direding in what manner fuch eledions (hall be afterwards made.

Cap. 5. For enlarging the term granted by an ad made in the tenth year of her late Majelly’s reign, for amending and maintaining the road between North-fleet* Grave fend and Rocbefler in the county of Kent; and for explaining the fame ad, and for appropriating part of the money a-rifing thereby towards repairing the road between tiie town of Chatham and Boughton under the Blean in the faid county of Kent.

Cap. 6. For punilhing mutiny and defection, and for the better payment

A TABLE of the

ment of the army, and their quarters.

Cap. 7. For rating fuch unrated goods and merchandizes as are ufually imported into this kingdom,and pay duty ad valorem, upon the oath of the importer; and for afcertaining the value of all goods and merchandizes not inferted in the former or prefent book of rates; and for repealing certain duties upon drugs and rags; and for continuing the duty upon apples; and for afcertaining the method of admeafuring pi&ures imported.

Cap. 8. For continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the fervice of the year 1725. and for transferring the deficiency of a late malt aft to this aft; and for explaining a late aft in relation to ftamp-duties on news-papers; and for appropriatingthe fupplies granted in this leflion of parliament; and for difpofing certain overplus money to proper objefts of charity; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer-bills, lottery-tickets, and orders, loft, burnt, or other* wife deftroyed; and forgiving further time to clerks and apprentices, to pay duties omitted to be paid for their indentures and contrafts.

Cap. 9. For continuing the feveral annuities of eighty eight thoufand fcven hundred fifty one pounds feven (hillings and ten pence halfpenny, and one hundred thoufand pounds to the bank of England until Midfiemmer 1727. and from thence, for reducing the fame to feventy one thoufand and one pounds two (hillings and three pence three farthings, and eighty thoufand pounds, redeemable by parliament; and for pieventing the uttering of forged,

statutes:

counterfeited or erafed bank-bills or notes.

Cap. Jo. To enable the juftices of the peace for the eaft-ridine of the county of Tori, to take down the county-bridge called Stanford-Bridge* and to build a (tone-bridge at a more convenient place over tne river Darwent in the faid riding in-ftcad thereof.

Cap. 11. For repairing the roads therein mentioned, from the pari(h of Enfield in the county of Middle-fex to the town of Hertford, and to the great bridge in Ware in the county of Hertford.

Cap. 12. For incorporating the executors of the laft will and teftament of Thomas Guy, late of the city of London, efq; deceafed, and others, in order to the better management and difpofition of the charities given by his faid laft will.

Cap. 13. For repairing and widening the road from Sherbrook-Hill near Buxton, and Chapel in the Frith in the county of Derby, to Manchtfler in the county of Lancafier.

Cap. 14. For repairing part of the road from London to Cambridge* beginning at the end of the parifii of Fmlmire in the faid county, next to Barley in the county of Hertford, and ending at the pavement in Trumpington-Jireet in the town of Cambridge.

Cap. 15. For enlarging the term granted by an aft maefe in the eighth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, intituled. An aft for repairing and amending the highways leading from Seven Oaks to Woods-Gate and Tunbridge-Wells in the county of Kent; and for explaining and making more effectual the fame aft; and for amending (out of the tolls and duties arifing by the faid aft, and this prefent aft) the highways leadingfrom fFbods-Gatezfore-faid,to Kippings-Crofs in the parilhof Brencbley in the faid county of Kent.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 16. For rebuilding the pier and harbour of Partin in the county of Cumberland.

Cap. 17. For redeeming the annuities of twenty five thoufand pounds per annum, charged on the civil lift revenues, by an alt of the feventh year of his Majefty’s reign; and for difeharging the debts and arrears due from his Majefty to his fervants, tradefmen, and others.

Cap. 18. For regulating elections within the city of London, and for preferving the peace, good order and government of the laid city. Cap. 19. For making more effectual . an alt pafled in the parliament hol-den in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, intituled, An aft for making the river Nine or Nen, running from Northampton to Peterborough, navigable. Cap. 20. For repairing and amending die road from Bigglefwade in the county of Bedford to Bugden, and through Alconberry to the top of • Alconberry-Hill, or crofs poft leading into Cautery-Lane on the York and Edinburgh road, and from the faid town of Bugden to the town of Huntingdon, and from Crofs-Hall in Eaton Sckon in the faid county of Bedford to Great Stoughton Common in the faid county of Huntingdon. Cap. 21. For the relief of iniolvent debtors.

Cap. 22» To prevent violences and outrages being committed by any perfons, under pretence of flielter-ing themfclves from debt, or any procefs of law, within the hamlet of Wapping-Stepney, or elfewhere, within the weekly bills of mortality. Cap. 22. For making more effeltual an act pafled in the fifth year of his Majefty’s reign, intituled. An aft for preventing the tnifehiefs which may happen by keeping too great quantities ' of gunpowder in or near the cities of London and Weftminfter, or the Juburbs that of.

Cap. 24. For the better regu manufacture of doth in riding of the county of 2 Cap. 25. For enlarging granted by an alt pafled in year of the reign of her lat Queen Anne, intituled, ^ repairing the highways j Stratford in the county of if ton, to Dunchurch in thi Warwick, and formakinj ' more effectual.

Cap. 26. For more effcCtus ing the highlands in ths Great Britain called ScotI for the better fecuring 1 and quiet of that part of dom.

Cap. 27. For enlarging granted by an alt pafled ii year of the reign of her 1 fly Queen Anne, intitule for repairing the highway Sheppards-Shord and the and between the top of A Hill and Rowdford in th* Wilts j and for explainin alt, and making the fame feltual and extenfive. Cap. 28. For the better regi buildings, and to prevent that may happen by fire v weekly bills of mortality,: places therein mentioned* Cap. 29. To continue fei therein mentioned for p frauds committed by bank encouraging the (ilk mar of this kingdom; for p the dandeftine running < for making copper ore of t plantations an enumeratcc dity; and for explainin, mending a late alt for tn tual puniftiment of fuch wilfully bum or deftroy (1 Cap. ap. For more effeltua ing frauds and abufes in tl revenues; for preventing the falt-duties, and for | lief for fait ufed in the

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

falmonahdcodfilh,intheyear 1719.' exported from that part of Great Britain Called Scotland; for enabling the infitrance companies to plead the general iflfue in adtions brought againft them; and for fecuring the the damp-duties upon policies of infuruice.

Private Afts.

Anno 11 Goorgn I.

1.	An adt to diflolve the marriage of William Tounge, efq; with Mary Heatbtete, and to enable him to many again, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

2.	An aft to enable William Ball, efq; and his heirs, to take and ufe the furname of Bafil.

3.	An adt to enable Thomas Leigh, alias Pennington, efq; and his iffue male, to change their fin-name to Leigh, according to the fettlement of Peter Leigh, efq; deceafed.

4.	An adt to naturalize John To/et, John Herman Zwr Horjl,and others.

5.	An adt to indofe the common and tradt of land called Crofton-Finney, in the county of Lancajler.

6.	An adt to enable John, lord Saint John,xofettk a jointure on fuch woman as be ihalf marry, and to make provifion for the daughters and younger children of fuch maniage, out of die eftate devifcd to him by the will of WUBam,.lord Saint John, deceafed.

7.	An adt to enable fir William Monfen bart. and George MonfontU{\ and thefurvivor of them, together with John Monfon efq; to convey and fettle feveral manors and lands in the counties of Lincoln, Hertford

s and Nottingham.

f. An adt to confirm and eftablifh articles of agreement between Archibald Hamilton efq; (commonly call’d ' lord Archibald Hamilton) of the one part, and George Parker efq; (commonly called lord Parker) and other - trailers for a charity therein men-

tioned, of the other part, for exchanging certain lands in the county of Berks, belonging to the faid charity, for other lands of a greater value. .

9.	An adt for vetting part of the eftate of Richard Fleetwood, late of Roffel in the county of Latuajler, efq; deceafed, in truftees, to be fold for payment of his debts and legacies.

10.	An adt for fale of part of the eftate of Thomas Pulejlon efq; for difcharging debtsand incumbrances affedting the fame.

11.	An an for veiling in truftees the manors of Hafilton and Turkitan, in the county of Gloutefler, late the eftate of fir William Bantjhra knt. deceafed, to be fold for payment of his debts, and for making provifion for his daughters and coheirs, purfuant to their feveral marriage articles, and for other purpofes in the faid adt mentioned.

12.	An adt to enable Stephen Hales, clerk, and Henry Carington, gent, to fell their undivided moieties of the freehold, leafehold, and copy-hold eltates at Much Hadham, in the county of Hertford, late the eftate of William Newce efq; deceafed.

13.	An act for naturalizing Paul Broulhet.

14.	An adt to naturalize Jacob Wolfe, and others.

15.	An adt for explaining a power contained in the fettlement of the duchefs of Bolton's eftate on her marriage with the prefcnt duke, and making the fame more effectual for the purpofes thereby intended.

16.	An aft for veiling the manor and lands of and in Brignall in the county of York, late the cftdte arid inheritance of Richard, earl Rivers, deceafed, in truftees, to be fold to-wardsdifcharginglhe incumbrances affecting his eftate in the county of Cbsfler.

yv Ks*

A TABLEof the STATUTES.

17.	An aft to enable Arthur, lord vilcount Irwyn, to raife money by mortgage or Tale of certain eftates in the counties of York, Lincoln, Oxen, and city of London, for payment of debts, legacies and portions chaiged thereupon; and to fettle the eftates therein mentioned on Henry Ingram efq; his next brother, and his heirs.

18.	An aft to enable the lords com-miflioners of the treafury, or lord high treafurer for the time being, to compound with Edmund AJhbjy for his part of a debt due to the crown, on account of his having been furety for Benjamin Blundell, late receiver general of the land-tax and duties on houfes for the county of Leicejler.

19.	An aft to explain and amend an aft pafled in the ninth year of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An afl

.fir vefiing tbe]ejiates of fir Gervas Clifton, hart, in truftees \ and to enable him to take an ejlate for life by way of pur chafe in fettle mints intended to be made of his eftatesy on the marriage of Robert Clifton efq\ his fin and heir apparent.

20.	An aft for veiling part of the eftatc of fir Edward Bladet bart. in truftees, to be fold for raifing eight thousand pounds charged thereupon by his late brother’s marriage fettlement.

21.	An aft for enabling Elizabeth Rujhouty lady of the manor of Over-fivelly in the county of Gloucefttry to indofe all and every the lands lving within the faid manor or parilh of Overfwelh in purfuance of feveral agreements therein mentioned to have been made between the faid Elizabeth Rufiout, and the reftor of the jparilh aforefaid; and between the laid Elizabeth and the churchwarden and parilhioners of the faid parifti, and to eftabiilh the faid a-greements.

22.	An aft to enable James Bateman

efq; to fell the manor of Tooting Graveney, and all other his eftate in the county of Surrey, and with the monies arifing thereby, to purchafe the manors of IVeU and Alford, and other lands in the county of Lin-eoln9 to be fettled to the lame ufes as the faid eftate in Surrey Hand fet-tled.

23.	An aft for difeharging certain lands at EccleJhaUj in the county of Stafford, from the ufes and limha-^ tions contained in the marriage-fettlement of Thomas Boothly Skrym-Jber efq; and for fettling other lands in the fame county, of greater value, to the fame ufes.

24.	An aft for fale of the moiety of a farm, called Stony Grainge Farm, in the ille of Elyy to Jabez Collier, gent, and for applying the money arifing thereby in the purchafe of other lands, to be fettled to the fame ufes.

25.	An aft for fale of an eftate late of Henry .Hawkinsy citizen of Londotiy deceafed, for the benefit of his widow and children, and other pur-pofes therein mentioned.

26.	An aft for enabling John Philips efq; and his ifliie, to take and ufe the furname of Goodwin.

27.	An aft to enabk Simon Tborogoody gent, to change his furname of fborogood. to that of Lord1

28.	An aft to naturalize Mary Marie De la Croze.

29.	An acl for fettling the eftates of. the moft noble IVriotbefly duke of BeJforJy on his marriage with the right honourable the lady Anne Eg-ertoiiy daughter of the moll noble Scroop, duke of Bridgewater.

30.	An aft to enable Eammdy duke of Budinghamjhire and Normanby, to make leafes (with theconfent of his" guardian, and truftees) of the manors, lands and eftate therein mentioned.

31.	An aft for veiling the eflates of the moft noble Henrjy duke of Keuty

in

A .TABLE of the STATUTES.

in the counties of Hereford, Mon-math, and Gloucefter* in the (aid duke and his heirs; and for fettling his other cftates in the counties of Effcx* Suffolk, Bedford* Hertford, Northampton* and tetchier* in lieu thereof.

32.	An adl to indole divers parcels of wafte grounds, lying and being in Weftbaugbton in the county palatine of Lancajler.

33.	An adl for veiling in trullees fe-veral lands, tenements, and hereditaments in the counties .of York and Derby* for the maintenance of the poor perfons in the hofpital of Gilbert* carl of Sbrewsbuty, long fince deceafed, fituate at Sheffield in the laid county of York*, and for enlarging the buildings-of the faid hofpital, and adding more poor perrons to thole already eftablilhed therein.

34.	An alt for veiling in trullees certain manors, lands* and tenements in, the county of Cornwall, late the eftate of fir Jonathan Tre-lawny* bart. (late lord, bilhop of Wincbefier) deceafed, to be fold for difeharging certain mortgages by him made thereof) and for other purpofes therein mentioned,

3$. An aA for veiling part of the eftate of Ralph Widdrington efq; in trullees, to be fold for payment of the debts of the faid Ralph Wld-drington.

36.	An adl to enable certain trullees therein named to make a conveyance of lands in Thringjlon, in the county of Ltitefter, in purfuance of articles of agreement entred into for that purpofe.

37.	An adl for confirming and ren-dring effectual an agreement made between Anne Hefltr, widow, JVH-Um Hefter, and Anne Hefter the younger; and for veiling in trullees certain meftuages and tenements in the parilh of St. Olave in South-mrk9 m the county of Surrey* to

enable them to convey the fame, purfuant to articles of agreement made for fale thereof; and for o-ther purpofes therein mentioned.

38.	An adt for fale of the manors of Middle. Ditch ford* alias Freeman's Ditchford, Guy's Ditchford, alias Over Ditchford, and other lands therein mentioned, in the county of Worcejler, for payment of the debts of Gilbert Sheldon efq; deceafed; and .for makingprovifion for bis widow, his children and grandchildren; and other purpofes therein.mentioned.

39.	An adl to enable James Wtlkinfon* and trullees, to make leafes for one* two or three lives, or for years determinable cn one, two or three lives, or a certain number of years, of the lands, tenements, and hereditaments in Ireland, comprized in his marriage fettlement.

40.	An adl for enabling Henry Saint John, late vifeount Bofingbrooke, and the heirs male of his body, not-withftanding his attainder, to take and enjoy feveral manors, lands and hereditaments in the counties of Wilts* Surrey and Middlefepe* according to fuch eftates and mterefts as to him or them are limited thereof by the quinquepartite indenture, and other aflurances therein mentioned; and for limiting the fame in default of iffue male of the body of the faid late vifeount Bolingbrooke* to the other fons of Henry vifeount Saint John* fuccelfivcly in tail pule; and for other purpofes therein ex-preffed.

41.	An adl to diflblve the marriage of Francis Annejlty the younger, efa; with Elizabeth Sutton* and to enable him to marry again; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

42.	An adl to veil the real eftate of dame Elizabeth Holfprd, widow, deceafed, in the parilh of St. Olaves Hartflreet, London, in Cbriftopher Appleby, gent, and his heirs, for the better enabling him to fell the fame

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

towards the difcharge of the charitable and other legacies given by her will,

43.	An ad for naturalizing Roger Harem, and Matthew de NeufviUe.

Anno 12 Gcargii I.

Cap. t. For granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax to be railed • in Great Britain, for the fervice of ' the year 1726.

Cap- a. For granting to his Majefty the fum of one million, to be raifea by way oF a lottery.

Cap, 3, For punching mutiny and defcrtion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters. Cap.-4. For continuing the duties upon matt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part '-of Great Britain called Scotland, for 'the fervice of the year 1726. and for the more effectual preventing frauds and abufes in the Shipping of malt for exportation to foreign parts; and for afeertaining the price of ale to be fold in Scotland*, and for making good the deficiency on the lottery-tickets of the year *724. and for making forth duplicates of exchequer-bills, lottery-tickets and orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise deftroyed.

Cap. 5. For repairing the road from market Harborough to Loughborough, * ' in the county of Leictjltr.

Cap; 6. For repairing the roads leading from Birmingham through Warwick to Warmington, and from Birmingham through Stratford upon A-von, to Edgkiu In the county of Warwick.

Cap. 7. For enlarging the term granted by an aft pafleain the fixth year ofthereign of her late majefty Queen Anne, intituled, An alt for the better

amendment of that way t from Cherril through Cain ley Bridge in the county of \ for making the faid ad m tual; and for extending fo to be amended, from < the Three Miles Borough s of Cherril hill.

Cap. £• For repairing the i rrom SpeenhamUma, adjc Newbury in the county of Marlborough in the county Cap. 9. For repairing the Jos in mentioned, between Bank in the parifli of h Shijfkall, and the town oi bury, in tlie county of Salt Cap. xo. For repairing the re Lemsford Mill in the « Hertford, to Welwyn, ai thence to Corfs AliU; a Welwyn through CodicOt, t in the faid county: and fo ing thie term granted bj patted in the iixth year of 1 of his prefent Majefty, fop: the roads from Stevenage it county, to Bigglefioade in t. ty of Bedford*

Cap. ix. For repairing and \ the road from Horfley Ufa leading down Bowden-Hil county of IVilU, to the top < dewn-Hill, in the parifti oi the faid county.

Cap 12. For granting an ai Majefty, by laying a duty 1 victuallers and retailers of t ale within the cities of Lot Wejlminjler, and tho wfeekl mortality, and for prohibiti lending beer or ale out 1 houfes to diftant places, pots or veflels lefs than a and alfo for adding one I additional hackney chairs already liccnfed; and for a certain arrears of former lar toward the fupply grantee Majefty for the fervice of t 1726. and for appropriati

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 13. For repairing and widening the roads from the city of Qloucejhr to the city of Hereford.

Cap. 14. For repairing fcveral roads therein mentioned, leading into the city of Worccjltr.

Cap. 15. For repairing the walls, gates, and other publick works in the city of Norwich, and fcveral bridges in.and near the faid city, and for amending the roads there* in mentioned.

Cap. 16. For repairing the road from Sptttlegate-Hitt% near Grantham, in the county of Lincoln, to Little Drayton in the county of Nottingham.

Cap. 17. For enlarging the term granted by an aft made in the full year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft for repairing and a-mending the highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the county of Middlefex; and for making the (aid aft more effectual.

Cap. 18. For repairing the feveral roads therein mentioned, leading into the town of Tewkesbury in the county of Glcucejier.

Cap. 19. For enlarging the term granted by an act palled in the ninth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, intituled. An all for repairing the highways from Sheet-Bridge in thepar\fb of Petcrsfield, to the town of Porfmout athe county of Southampton; and for making the (aid aft more eficftual.

Cap. 20. For enlarging the term granted by an aft palled in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne9 intituled. An alt for repairing the highway or read from the city of Worcefter to the borough cf Ifroitwich, in the county of Worcester, and for making the fame more effeftual; and for repairing other roads therein mentioned, in the faid county of WorccjUr.

Cap. 21. For repairing and enlarging the road from Liverpool to Pr*ftot9 and other roads therein mentioned, in the county palatine of Lancafier.

Cap. 22. To continue two aft$ of parliament for repairing the highways between JVymcndham and Attleborough, and from IVymondham to Hetherjet, in the county of Norfolk ; the one palled in the feventh and eighth years of the reign of his late majefty King IVtlliam the Third, and the other in the feventh year of the reign of her late majefty Qpeen Anne; and for repairing the road from the mouth of Wigmore-Lane to HalLlValk-Gatc inAtiUboYougb, in the faid county.

Cap. 23. For repairing the roads leading from the weftem part of

. the parilh of Shenfidd to Harwich in the county of Effcn\ and the road leading from Chelmsford in the faid county, to Sudbury in the county of Suffolk and from Margretting to Malden in the county, of Effex\ 2nd from Colchejler to Langham in the faid epunty.

Cap. 24. For repairing the road from the city of Gloucefter to Stone, and alfo the roads to and now Berkley, Durjley, Wotton under Edge, Stroudf and Sodbury, in the county of Gfau-ccjier.

Cap. 25. To enable the prefent and future inhabitantsof the eaft, north, and weft (ides or lines of St. James's Square, to make a rate dn themfelves for railing money fufficient to clean, adorn, and beautify the faid Iquare, and to continue the fame in repair.

Cap. 26. For repealing the duty laid upon fnuff, by an aft made in the eighth year of her late Majefty’* reign, and for ascertaining the rates according to which the remaining duties are to be paid, and for giving further encouragement to the Greenland tilhcry.

Cap. 27. For veiling in his Majefty an icnpofttipn of two pennies Scots,

upon

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

upon ale and beer brewed and fold ' in the city of Glafcow, and privileges ' thereof, for fatisfving the damages and lodes which Daniel Campbel efq; lately differed in a riot there.

Cap. 20. For the improvement of his Mmy’s revenues of cuftoms, ex-cife, and inland duties.

Cap. 29. T0 prevent frivolous and vexatious arrefts.

Cap. 30. For continuing an aft made in .thf ninth year of his Majefty’s reign, intituled, An at1 for the more effeihtal punijhing wicked and rjil-difpofedperfonsgoing armedindifgttife, and doing injuries and violence to the perfons and properties of his Majefty s fubjcfls, and for the more fpeedy bringing the offenders to jujlice.

Cap. 31. For the better regulating trials by Niji prius in the county of Middlefex*

Cap. 32. For better fecuring the mo-, ' niesand effects of the fuitors of the courtofchanccry; and to prevent the . counterfeiting of EaftrIndia bonds,

‘ and indotfements thereon; as like-. wife indorfements on Scutb-Sea bonds.'

Cap. 33. For the relief of the fuitors of me high court of chancery.

To prevent unlawful combinations of workmen employed in the woollen manufactures, and for better payment of their wages.

Cap. tj. To prevent abufes in the maxing of bricks and tiles, and to afeertam the dimenfions thereof, and to prevent all unlawful combinations amongft any brickmakers or tilemakers within fifteen miles of the city of London, in order to advance or enhance the price of bricks or tiks.

Cap. 36. For building a bridge crofs the river of Thames, from the town of Fulham in the county of Middle-fex, to the town of Putney in the county of .Surrey.

Cap. 37. For repairing the roads in tl>e parishes of Kcnftngtcn, Chelfa

and Fulham, and other parifhes therein mentioned, in the county of Mtddlefex.

Cap. 38. For making the river Dun, in the weft-riding of the county of York, navigable, from Holmftife in Doncafler, up to the utmoft extent of Ttnfley, weftward, a townfhip within two miles of Sheffield.

Cap. 39. For making provifion for the reftor of St. Mary Ic Strandin the county of Middlefex\ and for o~ ther purpofes therein mentioned.

Private Ails.

Anno nGeorgii I.

1.	An aft for the better enabling the truftees of John, lord Aftsburnham, to fell Brcckborough and Beckerings parks in the county of Bedford.

2.	An aft for dividing and inclofing, or holding in feveraTty the common field within the parifh of Compton Bajfet, in the county of JVilts.

3.	An aft for inclofing feveral common fields in the parifh of Bubnel, alias Bobenkull, in the county of Warwick.

4.	An aft for difehafing and disfran-chifing the chafe ofAlrewas Hay, in the county of Stafford; and for the impowering John Turton efq; owner thereof, to inclofe a part of fuch chafe, and for other purpofes in the faid aft mentioned.

5.	An aft for confirming feveral a-wards made for inclofing and di-

' viding the common fields and common grounds within the manors of Frangfojfe cum Spittle, and Scaggle-thorpe, in the county of York.

6.	An aft to enable his Majefty to grant the inheritance of certain lands, called Bowood Park, in the county of IFilts, to truftees, upon truft for fir Orlando Bridgman, barr. and his heirs, upon a full confide-ration to be paid for the fame.

7.	An aft to enable his Majefty to

grant the inheritance of the fife of 6	the

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

the diflolved monaftory of Furneisy in truft for fir Thomas Lotutkery bart. and his heirs, upon paying the value thereof into the exchequer.

8.	An ad for afcertaining feveral utef-fuages and lands in the county of Ghucejler, purchafed by fir Greville Vcmey% and for the efredual partition of the manor of Tudrington and Itcbingtm, in the faid county.

9.	An ad to redify a miftake in the lettlement made on the marriage of the honourable George Carpenter efq; with Elizabeth, his now wife.

10.	An ad to enable Charles Lowndes gent, and the perfons in remainder after him, to make contrads for getting brick earth in, and grant building Jeafes of the houfe and ground called Spring-Garden, and other the ground called Great Spit-tlifieli ana Little Spittlefieldy in the pariihes of St. Martin in the Fields and ChelfeOy in the county of Mid-dlefexj late the eftate of TVilliam Lowndes efq, deceafed.

xz. An ad to enable the lords com-miflioners of the treafury, or the lord high treafurer for the time, to compound with Thomas Boynton and Robert Sbaw> late of London, merchants and copartners, for a debt due from them to the crown, on account of bonds given for duties on tobacco.

12.	An ad for difehareing certain lands in the county ot Wiltsy from the ufes and eiiates limited thereof in the fettlement made by Zachary Bayljy gentleman, after his marriage with Mercy his wife, and for fettling other lands of greater yearly value in the counties of Somerjet and IViltSy in lieu thereof.

13.	An ad for vetting in truttees the manors of Hardwick and Haresfieldy and other lands in the county of Gloucc/Ier, the ettate of Thoms Trye efq; to be fold for payment of his debts, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

Voi. XV.

14.	An ad for confirming a leafe made by Thomas Byde efq; to James Fordham therein mentioned, and to enable him to let leaies of any part of his ettate, for any number of years not exceeding eighty eight years.

15.	An ad for fale of the manor of Warkleighy and other lands and he-reditamentsinthe pari flies of Work-leighy SatUrley and Roborough in the county of Devon9 the eftate of 'Thomas Jeffery, of the city of Exony merchant, towards raifing provi-fions for Sufanna his wife, ^nd their children; tor fecuring whereof the faid manor and lands were, at the time of their marriage, made liable.

16.	An ad to enable the truttees of Edward Ransford eGq; to makeleafes of certain mefluages, houfes and plots of ground in and near the city of Dublin.

17.	An ad for naturalizing John PontZy John Chriflophery Baltbazer Wagnery and others.

18.	An ad for naturalizing Jean Jaques Coulliette de ValicowrU

19.	An ad for fale of the fite of Cardigan houfe, lately demolished by fire, fituate and being in Great Lincolns-Inn-Fields in the county of Mtddlefexy for the purpofes therein mentioned, and for fettling lands of greater value in the county of Yorky to the fame ufes.

20.	An ad for fale of part of the fettled eftate of James lord Waldegrave in the county of Smerfety and for fettling other lands in lieu thereof, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

21.	An ad for difeharging the barton and lands of and in Catch Frenehxn the county of Cornwall from the ufes and limitations contained in the will of Hugh Fortefcue efq; and for fettling the barton and demefne of Townhoufty and other lands in the county of Devon9 of greater

•value, in lieu thereof* b

n* Kxv

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

12. An aft to repeal an aft made in the fixth year of the reign of his prefent majefty King George, intituled, An a£t to enable fir James Lumley, baronet, to fettle a competent jointure, and for other purpofes there-in mentioned-, and alfo to veft the feveral eftates of -the faid Or James Lumley herein mentioned, in truftees, to be fold for payment of the debts and legacies of Or Martin

■	Lumley, baronet, his late father de-ceafed, and the faid Or James Lum-ley's own debts.

43.	An aft for making leafes of divers lands and grounds in the county of Miidleftx, the eftate of dame Mary Grofvenor, a lunatick, during her life.

44.	An aft for fate of part of the

■	eftate of Or Fefius Burke, baronet, toward diicharging the debts and incumbrances affefting the fame, and for making a proviOon for the lady Letitia his wife, eldeft daughter of the right honourable John late earl of Clanrickard in the kingdom of Ireland.

95. An aft for veiling certain manors and lands in the counties of Oxen and Bucks, in dame Anne lipping and her heirs, and certain manors and lands in the county of Devon, internet Mary Tipping end her heirs,

. and for other purpofes in the faid aft mentioned.

26. An aft for fale of feveral lands inthe county of Suffolk, the eftate of the honourable Thomas Sidney efq; and Alary his wife, and for puiehafing feveral lands in the county of Norfolk, of as great or greater value, and fettling the faid lands in Norfolk to the feme ufes, as tbefaid lands in Suffolk now ftand limited.

ay. An aft for the faleof feveral eftates of Henry Grey efq; in the county of Southampton, and for fettling other eftates of equal value in the counties of Berks ana Wilts to the fame ufes.

28.	An aft for vefting the real and perfonal eftates of Richard Hampden efq; in truftees, for making feme provifion for his wife and family, and for better fecuring the debt due from him to the crown.

29.	An aft for fale of part of the eftate of John Burt deceafcd, in the county of Southampton.

30.	An aft for vefting certain lands and hereditaments in the kingdom of Ireland (the eftate of Ceefar Col-eloughtfqj) in truftees, to be fold or mortgaged for railing money to dif-charge incumbrances affefting the feme, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

31.	An aft for vefting in truftees the eftate of Thomas Bennet efq; in the counties of Suffolk, Kent, Middlejex, and the city of London, to fell part thereof for payment of his debts, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

Anno 13 Goorgii I,

Cap. 1. For granting an aid to his Mac jelly by a land-tax to be railed in Great Britain for the fervice of the year 1727, .

-Can. a- For punilhmg jnutiny and defer Hon; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters,

Cap. 3. For redeeming fundry annuities transferrable at the bank of England, and the annuities payable on Handing orders for army debentures, by the produce of the finking fund, for applying to the fame fund the money remaining in the exchequer, on the head of the bankers debt, and making provifion for future claims on the feme debt, and for applying the lottery-tickets Anno 1726. which were returned into the exchequer, to the difeharg-ing the Handing orders made out for the fufferers at Nevis and St. Chrifiopher't as far as the feme will extend.

Cap,

A TABLE of the STATUTES',

Cap. 4. For deanfing, deepening and widening a creek called Beverley Beck, running into the river Hull* and for repairing the ftaiths near the faid beck, and for amending the roads leading from the faid river to the town of Severity* in the eaft-riding of the county of York* and for cleaning the ftreets of the faid town.

Cap. 5. For importing Mt from Europe into the province of Penftlvcmia in America.

Cap. 6. For making more effectual an alt paded in the third year of his Majefty’s reign, intituled. An aft for the prefervation and improvement of the river Wear, and port and ha-vtn of Sunderland in the county of Durham.

Cap. 7. For continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England-* and for granting to his Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland* for the fervice of the year 1727. and for appropriating the fupphes granted in this fcflion of parliament; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer-bills, lottery-tickets, and orders loft, burnt, or otherwife de-ftroyed; and for giving further time to clerks and apprentices to pay duties omitted t6 be paid for their indentures and contracts.

Cap. 8. To enable the South-Sea company, with the licenfe and confent of tne EaJl-India company, to take in negroes within their limits of trade, and to deliver the fame at Buenos Ayres.

Cap. 9. For repairing, widening and amending the roads from Wigan to Prefton in the county of Lancajler.

Cap. io. For repairing, widening and amending the road from Warring-ton to Wtgcin in the county of Lan-softer.

Cap. 11. For repairing the roads lead-

ing from Cirencefter town’s end to St. John's Bridge in the county of Gloucejler.

Cap. i2. For amending the feveral roads leading from the city of BriJloL

Cap. 13. For repairing the road leading from Studley Bridge through Chippenham in the county of Wilts* to the top of Toghill in the county of Gloucejler.

Cap. 14. For repairing the feveral roads leading from Birmingham through the town of Wedneshury to a place called High Sullen, and to Great Bridge, and from thence to the end of Gibbet-Lane, next adjoining to the townfhip of BilJon9 and from Great Bridge through Dudley to Kingjivinford* and to the further end of Brittle-Lane* in the counties of Warwick* Stafford and Worcejler.

Cap. 1 c. For repairing the roads leading from the town of Bromfgrove to the town of Dudley* in the county of Worcejler; and from the faid town of Bromfgrove to the town of ZKr-mingham* in the county of Warwick.

Cap. 16. For repairing the feveral roads leading from the town of Warminfler in the county of Wilts.

Cap. 17. For amending and repairing the roads from Luton in the county of Bedford, to Wejhvood-Gate in the faid county.

Cap. 18. For the effedtual draining and prefervation of Haddenbam Level in the ifle of Ely.

Cap. 19. For repealing part, and making more effeltual the refidue of an alt of parliament made in the firft year of the reign of her late majelly Queen Anne* intituled*

•An aft J'or the incorporating certain perfons for the better providing for» and letting at work the poor in the city of Gloucefter.

Cap. 20. For improvingthe navigation of the river Dun* from a place called Holmejlile* in the townfhip of DoncaiUr, in the county of York* to b a	W\V

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Wilfick-Houfe^ in the parilh of Barmby Durty in the faid county.

Cap. 21. Fcfir granting to his Maje-fty the fum of three hundred and feventy thoufand pounds, to be raifed by loans or exchequer-bills, to be charged on the furplus monies of the duties on coals and culm, granted by an aCt of the fifth year of his Majefty’s reign, for a term of years, and lince made perpetual.

Cap. 22. For enlarging the times for

- hearing and determining claims by the truftees for railing money upon the eftates of the late directors of the South-Sea company and others; and for relief of the creditors of Robert Knight efq; late cafhier of the faid company, and for relief of perfons who have entred claims for contingent debts and incumbrances; and for giving time to

•	Ralph Gulfton, and other creditors

•	of Edward Gibbon efq; to enter claims before the faid truftees for a debt fpecified in the inventory of the faid Edward Gibbon; and for impowering the truftees to difmifs claims for want of profecution; and for applying the produce of the laid eftates for the benefit of the South-Sea company.

Cap. 23. For the better regulation of

*	the woollen manufacture, and for preventing difputes among the per-lons concerned therein; and for limiting a time for profecuting for the forfeiture appointed by an ad

^ of ther twelfth year of his Majefty’s

*	reign, in cafe of payment of the workmen’s wagesinany other manner than m money.

Cap. 24. For preventing frauds and

' abufes in the dying trade.

Cap. 2$. For the free importation of cochineal, during the time therein limited.

Cap. 26. For better regulation of the linen and hempen manufactures in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 27. For continuing the laws therein mentioned relating to copper bars exported; and for better preventing frauds committed by bankrupts; and for fearching drugs and compoiitions for medicines.

Cap. 28. For fale of fuch of the forfeited eftates in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, as remain unfold, and are vefted in the crown; and for determining fuch claims on the faid eftates, as having been duly entred, remain undetermined.

Cap. 29. For allowing further time to perfons on board the fleet, or beyond the feas in his Majefty’s fervice, to qualify themfolves for the legal emjoyment of offices and employments, and for indemnifying fuch perfons as have omitted to qualify themfelves within the time limited for that purpofe, and for the better afeertaining fuch time.

Cap. 30. For encouraging and promoting filheries, and other manufactures and improvements, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 31. For repairing the road from Cranford Bridge, in the county of Middlefex, to that end of Maidenhead Bridge• which lies in the county of Bucks.

Cap. 32. For the more effectual a-mendingthe highways leading from Royjlon in the county of Hertford, to Wand ford Bridge in the county of Huntingdon.

Cap. 33. For improving the navigation of the river Ouze in the county of York.

Cap. 34. For explaining and amending an aCt palled in the feventh and eighth years of the reign of his late majefty King IVilliam the Third, intituled. An aft for making navigable the rivers Wye and Lugg, in the county of Hereford; and for making the fame more effectual.

Cap. 35. For eftablilhing a certain provifion for maintaining the derate of the parifh of St. Katharine Cree*

Cburcb>

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Church, alias Chrift-Church9 London; and for repairing and fupporting the chancel of the faid parilh-church.

Private Afis.

Anno 13 Georgii I.

x. An aft for naturalizing Daniel Crefpin.

2.	An aft for naturalizing Louis Seke-haye9 George Frederic Handily and others.

3.	An aft for exchanging, indofing, and reducing into feveralty, the lands in the common fields, common meadows, mowing grounds, pafture and feeding grounds, and all other the lands lying open in the parilh of Little RjJfington, in the county of Gloucefter.

4.	An aft to enable Thomas Brodnax efq; and the heirs and ifliie of his body, to take and ufe the fumame of May.

5.	An aft to enable Charles Nicoll, a-liz* Gounter, efq; and his ifliie male, • to take and ufe the fumame of Nicoll, purfuant to the deed of fet-tlement of William Nicoll, efq; de-ceafed.

6.	An aft.for enabling John Disbrow gent, and his ifliie, to take and ufe the furname of Spencer.

7.	An aft for naturalizing Abraham Lindbergh^ and others.

8.	An aft for naturalizing Louis Au-bert Duplcffts.

9.	An aft for naturalizing Lewis Guillemau.

10.	An aft to enable an exchange to be made between- Lionel) duke of Dorfet) and the truftees of Henry Smith efq; deceafed, of fixteen acres, Seventeen perches and an half of land and coppice, lying near Knole Park, in the county of Kent) of the value of eight pounds per annum, for a rent-charge of ten pounds a

Sr, part of a fee-farm rent of y pounds per annum% ifiuing out

of the manor of Heddington, within the hundred of Bullingdony in the county of Oxford.

11.	An aft to vert the feveral reftories, parfonages,churches and chapels of Breamore, Soutb-Charford, Hale9 Rockboum, Whitsbury and Quidefty, with the glebe land and appurtenances thereunto belonging, in new truftees, to put in execution certain trufts and powers contained in an indenture dated the fifteenth day of May 1683.

12.	An aft for appointing commif-fioners to make a divifionof certain common fields and waftes in the townfhipsof Scarcliffemd Palterton* in Derbyjhire9 among the proprietors, in order to indofe the fame.

13.	An aft for indofing the common fields in Hucklccott, in the parifh of Church-Downe, in the eounty of Gloucefter.

14.	An aft to veil the manors of Great Hallingbury and Little HalUngbury, Wallbury and Monkburyt and the foreft or chafe in the parifh of Hatfield, in the county of Effex; and alfo the manor or lordlhip of Blunt-Jballi in the county of Suffolk; and the manor or lordlhip of JVinterton9 in the county of Norfolk, in truftees, to be fold for the payment of the debts, to which the fame are fubjeft by virtue of the will of fir Edward Tumour knt. deceafed; and for laying out the furplus of the money (ifany) arifing by fuch fale in the purchafe of lands, to be fettled to the ufes mentioned in the will of the faid fir Edward Tumour.

15.	An aft for verting part of the eftate of Moyle Breton efq; in truftees, to be fold for railing three thoufand pounds charged on other part of the fame eftate, and forother the purpofes therein mentioned.

16.	An aft for fale of certain houfes and lands in the town and liberties of Bridgenorth, in the county of Sa-lop9 contained in the marriage-fet-

b 3	.

A TABLE of die STATUTES.

dement of John Tate sent, and for :tbe pqrcbafing and fettling other lands of as great yearly value to the fomeufea.

17.	An a ft for exchanging the tithes and glebe-lands of and belonging to the rectory of the church of Addtng-ton, iq the county of Bucisjor other lands in Addington aforefaid, to be

. fettled on the reftor of the faid church and his fuccefibrs, and for other pur poles therein mentioned.

18.	An aft for veiling the real eftate late of Etiha Tale eiq; deceafed, in the county of Denby, in truftees, to

. lie ibid, and applying one third . part of the monies ariiing by fide * thereof, according to the will of Vrfida Tale, his daughter, deceafed,

- and the other two thirds for the benefit of his two other coheirs.

19.	An aft fot repealing a power of revocation in the fettlement made on the marriage of Francis GnujJlon

. eftfc and for eftabliihing and vetting a new power inftead thereof.

SO- An aft for confirming a conveyance of the manor of the reftory of Great Stoughton, in the county of Huntingdon) unto fir Baldwin Conyers hart, in exchange for an annui-

g granted by him to tbc vicar of reat Stoughton aforefaid, and his fuccefibrs.

Si- An aft.for veiling certain copy* hold and other lands in John Am-pblett cfq; in lieu of the freehold lands agreed to be purchafed and fettled on him by the marriage articles of JoJeph Amphlitt cfq; his late father, with Anne his wife, both deceafed; and for making provifion for the younger children of that marriage.

22.	An aft for Tale of two undivided third parts of the manor of JVeeton and other lands in Holdernefs, part of the fettled eilate of Thomas Rand', and for applying the money ariiing by fuch fide in the purchase of an entire eftate to be fettled to the feme uJes.

23-	An sift for veiling the real and perfonal eftate of William Norton9 efq; deceafed) in truftees, for the purpofes therein mentioned.

24.	An aft for the fale of the manor of Aldbury, inthe parifh of Mejlham, and the manor or Chaldon9 and other lands in the county of Surrey, part of the eftate of John Southcott, efq* for the purpofes therein mentioned; and for fettling the capital meliuage of Witham Place, and other lands in the county of EJfex, of the lame value, part of the eftate of fir Edward Southcott knt. father of the faid John Southcott, to the like ufes.

25.	An aft for fettling certain lands and tenements of Edward Smntbill, the elder, efq; therein mentioned, purfuant to an agreement made on the marriage of Edward StnntbUlf his fon, with Francos, the daughter of fir Walter Tounge hart.

•26. An aft for fale of part of the eftate of John Wall,for payment of debts, ana for fettling other part of hi* eftate for the education and maintenance of his only fon.

27.	An aft for veiling feveral fums of money in the archbifhop of Canterbury, and the biftiop of Ely, given for the augmentation of the maintenance of poor vicars within the diocefes of Canterbury and Eh ; and to impower them to lay out tlier fame in the purchafe of lands to be veiled in other truftees for the feme purpofes.

28.	An aft for fale of part of the eftafo of Valentine Brown efq; commonly called lord Kenmare, in the kingdom of Ireland, for payment of debts and incumbrances affecting the fame.

29.	An aft to enable Thomas, now lord Southwell, and his truftees, to raife money, by making leafes for lives, renewable for ever, and fee-farm?, and by fale or mortgage of certain lands and hereditaments in the countv of Limerick, in the kingdom of Ireland, for payment of debts and

lega-

%

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

legacies, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

30.	An ad for vetting certain manor*, lands, and hereditaments in the kingdom of Inland* the ettate of fir Roamond Evnard biut. in truttets, to be fold for railing money to dif-ebarge incumbrances affeaing the fame, and for other purpofes.

31.	An ad to enable Mary & Gara, widow, to fue for her jointure lands.

3a. An ad for vetting in truttees a mefliiage and garden in the pariih of St. Katharine Coleman* London* the ettate of Robert Thornton* and Hannah his wife, to be fold, on fettling an ettate of a greater value to the fame ufes.

33.	An ad for confirming a fale made by Anthony Palmer, to Lewis Buckle* efq* of certain copyhold lands and hereditaments, parcel of the manor of Baft Moon, in the county of Southampton* and for fettling other copyhold lands and hereditaments, part of the fame manor, of as great or greater value, to the fame ules as the faid lands fo fold now ftand limited.

34.	An ad for fale of part of the ettate of IViUiam Kinafton* efq; and for fettling other part thereof to the ufes therein mentioned.

35.	An a& to enable Daniel Dunne* efq; by fale or mortgage of part of his ettate, to raife money to pay off and difeharge the portions of his brothers and fitter, and a mortgage ofonethou&ndeight hundred feven* ty feven pounds afFedting the fame.

36.	An ad for vetting feveral quantities and parcels of South-Sea (lock, and South-Sea annuities, in truttees, for payment of the debt9 of Charles Lowndes, gent, and for the benefit and relief of him, and Rebecca his wife.

Anno | Georgii II. ft at. i.

Cap. 1. For the better fupport of his

Majefty's houfhold, and of the honour and dignity of the crown of Great Britain.

Cap. 2. To enable his Majetty to be govemorof the South-Sea company.

Cap. 3. For enabling his Majdfcy to fettle a revenue for fuppomng the royal dignity of the Queen, in cafe (he (hall furvive his Majetty.

Cap. 4. For continuing the imprifbn-ment of Robert Blackburn, and o-thers, for the horrid confpivacy to aflaflinate the perfon of his late fa-cred majetty King IViUiam the Third, of glorious memory.

Cap. 5. For making further provifions to enable perfons potfefled of offices at the demife of his late Majetty, to qualify themfelves for the enjoyment of fuch offices, and for altering and explaining the ads of parliament therein mentioned, in relation to qualifying perfons for continuing in offices; and for the con* tinuance of the (heriffs of the county of Cornwall* and county palatine erf Chefter* and feveral other officers therein mentioned, afterthe demife of his late Majetty, his heirs and fuccofiors; and for continuing fuch laws as would expire at the end of this feflion of parliament.

Anno 1 Georgii II. ftat. 2.

Cap. 1. For continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majetty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that paqt of Great Britain called Scotland* for the fervice of the year 1728. and for making good the deficiency of a late malt adt.

Cap. 2. For puni(hing mutiny and defertion; and for the better payment of thearmy and their quarter s.

Cap. 3. For making more effectual an adt patted in the fourth year of the reign of his late majetty King George* intituled. An a3 for repair-b 4

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

ikg tie highways from Maidenhead Bridge to Suoning-Lane-End, next to Twyford, in the road to Reading; and from the /aid bridge to Henley , Bridge in the county of Berks.

Cap*.4. For repairing the road leading from Chatteris Ferry* which divides the ifle of Ely from the county of Huntingdon* to Hammond* $Eau, and from thence toSomerjbam Bridge* at Somerjbam town’s end, in the faid county.

Cap. £. For granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax to be railed in Great Britain* for the fervice of . the year 1728.

Cap. 6. For repairing the joad from the Powder-Mills on Hounjlow-. Heath, in the county of Middlefex* to a place called Baftngjione* near the town of Bagjhot* in the parifh of Windlejham* in the county of Surrey. Cap. 7. For enlarging the term granted by an aCt made in the twelfth . year of the reign of her late majefty ■ Queen Anne, for repairing the highways between the Bear-Inn \n Readings and Puntfield in the county of Berks* and for making the faid adt more effectual, and for amending other roads in this act mentioned. Cap. 8. For granting an aid to his Majefty’s by falc of annuities to thebank of England* at four pounds fer centum* redeemable by parliament, and charged upon the duties on cpals and culm; and for further •applying the produce qf the finking fund} and for enlarging the time . for exchanging Nevis and St. Chi-0 Jlophtr's deDentures for annuities at three per centum* and for applying the arrears of his late Majefty’s civil lift revenues.

Cap. 9. For granting an aid to his Majefty of five hundred thoufand pounds, towards difeharging wages due to feamen, and for the conftant, regular, and punctual payment of feamens wages for the future ; and for appropriating the fupplies grant*

ed in this prefent feflion of parliament; and for difpofing of the iur-plus of the money granted for half pay for the year 1727.

Cap. 10. For the more effectual a-mending the highway between Hockliffe and Woburn* in the county of Bedford; and for repairing^he road leading through Woburn to Tickford Bridge in Newport Pagnell%

. in the county of Bucks.

Cap. ii. For repairing and amending feveral roads leading to and from the borough of Evejbam* in the county of Worccfer.

Cap. 12. For repairing and enlarging the road leading from the houle called the fign of the Bells* in the parilh of St. Margaret in Rochejicr, to Maidjione* and other roads therein mentioned, in the county of Kent.

Cap. 13. To oblige (hips coming from places infected, more effectually to perform their quarentine; and for the better preventing the plague being brought from foreign parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the iiles of Guernfey* Jerfey, Alderney* Sark or Man\ ana to hinder the fpreading of infection.

Cap. 14. For encouraging Teamen to enter into his Majefty’s fervice.

Cap. 15. For making provifton for the reCtor of the new church, fitu-atc near Millbani* in the parifh of St. Margaret Wcjlminjler* and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 16. For removing doubts concerning the additional duty of two pence per gallon upon low wines, and fpirits of the firft extraction, from foreign materials; and for obviating queftions relating to appeals in matters of excife; and for appointing the number of commif-fioners of excife, who may hear caufes depending before them.

Cap. 17. For repealing the prefent duties on wine lees, and Lignum Viter* and laying new duties on

wine

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

wine lees; and for prohibiting the importation of wine in flafks, bottles, or fmall calks; and for preventing frauds in exporting (ilk manufactures; and for fupplying the want of regular certificates of fuch manufactures being landed in foreign parts, where fuch certificates cannot be had; and for giving further time to clerks and apprentices, to pay duties omitted to be paid for their indentures and contracts.

Cap. 18. To explain and amend an aCt made in the twelfth year of the reign of hislate majefty KingGeorge the Firft, for building a bridge crofs the river of Thames, from the town of Fulham in the county of Middle-fex, to the town of Putney in the county of Surrey; and for making the faid aCt more effectual.

Cap. 19. For punifhing fuch perfons as (hall wilfully and malicioufly pull down or deftroy turnpikes for reparing highways, or locks, or other works, ereCted by authority of parliament, for making rivers navigable.

Cap. 20. For erecting a workhoufe in the city of Canterbury, for employing and maintaining the poor there, and for better enlightning the ftreets of the faid city.

Cap. 2i. To explain and amend an aCt paffed in the thirteenth year of his late Majefty’s reign, intituled. An ail for fale of fuch of the forfeited ejlates in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, 0; remain unfold, and are vefed in the crown; and for determining fuch claims on the faid ejlates, as, having been duly entred, remain undetermined.

Cap. 22. To explain the aCts of the third and ninth years of his late Majefty’s reign, for continuing the duty of two penny Scots on every pint of ale and beer fold in the city cf Edinburgh, in relation to the payment of petty port cuftoms; and for themore effectual fccuring the. pay-

ment of fuch money, as hath been, or (hall be contributed towards a charitable fund for relief of fuch as (hall fuffer by fire in the faid city, and the fuburbs and liberties thereof.

Cap. 23. For indemnifying perfons who have omitted to qualify them-felves for offices and employments within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpofe; and for repealing fo much of two ads of parliament therein mentioned, as requires perfons to qualify themfelves to continue in offices or employments for the fpace of fix months, after the demife of his Majefty, his heirs or fuccefibrs.

Private Ails.

Anno 1 Georgii II.

1.	An aCt to enable Robert ElUfon efq; and the heirs and iffue of his body, to take and ufe the fumame of Carre, according to the will of his uncle Francis Carre, efq; deceafed.

2.	An ad for naturalizing Abraham JVeJfelow.

3.	An ad for naturalizing Adam Oldenburg, PbiUipe Dumouftier, and others.

4.	An ad to fettle a jointure on Su-fanna countefs of Shaftsbury, wife of Anthony earl of Skaftsbury, in lieu and bar of her dower or thirds at the common law.

5.	An ad to enable the guardians of the lord George Bentincle, fecond fon of Henry late duke of Portland, to make leafes of certain houfes, grounds, and tenements in Soho, during the minority of the faid lord George, for making provifion for his maintenance, and for otherpur-pofes therein mentioned.

6.	An ad for confirming the partitions of the eftates late of fir IFiUiam Davie baronet, dcceafcd, among his co-heirs, and for fcttling.theirmares thereof in feveralty to the fame

dfet

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

. Wes to which their fcveral undivided parts thereof ftood limited before the partition*

An ad for veiling the eftate of WEiam Bromley efq; and Mary his wife, lying at Sundon in the county of Bedford* in truftees, to be fo'd purfuant to an agreement in their marriage~fcttlemeiTt.

S.	An ad to enable Chriftopher Crewe of Woodford-Hcll, in the county of Effex* efq; to fell or otherwife dif-pofe of the manfion-houfe called Woodford-HalU and all other his lands and hereditaments at Woodford* comprised in his fettlement thereof, he having fettled, other lands and hereditaments in the county of York* of greater value, to the fame ufes in lieu thereof.

9* An ad to enable the guardians of Anna Elizabeth# Sealing* an infant about four years old, appointed by this ad, to grant building leales of her fourth part and ihare of and in . certain mefiuages, grounds, and hereditaments, in or near the parifh of St. Andrew Holboum, in the county of Middle]ex. r©* An ad for vefting the manors of Shirfield* and divers lands and hereditaments in the county of South-esmpion* the eftate of Granville Weler cjqi in truftees, difeharged of the ufes in a former fettlement, he having fettled an eftate in the county of Kent to the feme ufes in lieu thereof.

II* An ad to enable Thomas Broivn* gent, to grant building leafes of his eftate in the town of Manchejhr* in the county of Lancafler.

12* An ad for appointing commif-fioners to make a divifion of certain common fields* lands, and waftes iii the pariih of Cherrington* in the county of Gloucejlcr* among the proprietors, in order to indofe the feme*

13.	An ad for naturalizing John La-

MtVU

14.	An ad for enabling Charles of Grafton9 lord of the man Grafton*\n the county of North tony to indofe the common and wafte grounds within th< manor in purfuance of fevei greements between the faid < and the redor and churchwa of the parifh of Grafton Regis to eftablifh the faid agreemen

15.	An ad for vefting in tru divers lands in the feveral coi of Berks* Bucksy Wilts* Oxfon Torly the eftate of David e;

, Bttchans for the purpofes th * mentioned.

16.	An ad to enable the commil ers of the treafury, or the lord treafurer for the time beinj compound with George Tows Montague Bacon, John Atwooa John Burton, latecommiflione liceniing hawkers, pedlars and ty chapmen, for a debt they charged with to the crown.

17.	An ad to enable the commit • ers of the treafury, or the lord

treafurer for the time beinj compound with Thomas Harm late of London* merchant, an fureties, for a debt due to the ci for cuftoms on tobacco and w

18.	An ad for vefting the eftate < Halfwdl Tynte, bart. and c Mary his wife (in right of < Mary) in truftees, to be fettl the ufes in their marriage artit

19.	An ad for vefting the eftate of fir John Witteurcuges bart. ceafed, in the County of Buck. truftees, to enable them to co the fame to the molt noble & duchefs dowager of Marlbor the purchafer thereof, under ; cree of the high court of chan

20* An ad for impowering the nourable Charles Hoxuard efc raiie money by fale or mortgaj the manors ot Walden, alias < ping Walden, Brook Walden, an thermanorsand lands therein r

1

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

tioned, for payment of the debts of Charles lyilliam late earl of Suffolk and Bindon, deceafed,

21.	An adt for making more effectual a deed of appointment executed by Frederick Tylney, efq; late deceafed, with refpedt to twenty thoufand pounds, and for fettling the fame for the purpofes herein mentioned.

22.	An adt for veiling the real eftates of IViUiam Scourfield the elder, efq; Katharine his wife, IViUiam Scour-field the younger, efq; and Anne his wife, in the counties pf Pembrooke and Brecon, in truftees, to certain ufes therein mentioned.

23.	An adt for relief of Hyacinthus Richard Nugent.

24.	An adt for difcharging an incum-brance on the lands of Donoghmore, part of the biflioprick of Cloyne in Ireland1

25.	An adt for veiling part of the glebe lands belonging to the redtory of Oyerfione in the county of North-amptony in Henry Stratford efq; and his heirs, to enable the making of indofures, and for other purpofes herein mentioned.

a6. Anadt for confirming theindofure and divilion of the common fields, and common grounds within the manors and parishes of Overton>

Longville and BotolpVs Bridge, in the county of Huntingdon.

27.	An adt for fale of part of the ellate of Francis Sheldon efq; a lunatick, for difcharging the debts and incumbrances affedtingthe fame.

28.	An adt for veiling an undivided fifth part of a leafe-hold ellate in CronJallj in the county of Southampton, in truftees, to be fold, and with the money arifing by the fale thereof, to purchafe one or more ellate or eftates in polTeflion, to be fettled to the fame ufes.

29.	An adt to enable James Fox efq; and others, to make leafes of the estate in the county of Surrey^ devif-ed to him by Frances late vifcountefs Lanesborough\ and for fale of Bridge Houfe farm, part of the faid ellate, and in veiling the money in the pur-chtfe of other lands m the lame county, to be fettled to the like ufes, and for other purpofes herein mentioned.

30.	An adt for fale of part of the eftate of John Ntcholls efq; deceafed, ii} the county of Cornwall, for payment of his debts and legacies, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

31.	An adt for naturalizing James Delorme.

<fbe End of /fo TABLE,

I

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII I. Regis Magna Britannia, Francia	Hibernia,	nono.

A T parliament begun and bolden at Weft-JLX. nrinfter the ninth day of October, Aft no Domini one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two, in the ninth year of the reign of our fovereign Lord George, by the, grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith; &c. being the firjl fejpon of this prefent parliament.

CAP. I.

An ad to irotoower bit Majefty to fecure and detain (uch perions at hit Majefty (hall fufped are conipiring againlt hit perfon and government*

E X Pi

*	CAP. II*

An ad for granting an aid to hit Majefty by a land-tax to be railed in Great-Bruam% for the ferviee of the year one thouiand feven hundred and twenty three. EXP. it. in the pound,

CAP. III.

An aft far continuing the duties on malt, mUm% cyder and ferry * to raife money by way of a lottery, for the ferviee of the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three«

XXXV.	A ND whereas by an aft of parliament, made in the Kecithl of part jl\ twelfth year of the reign of her late majefty Sheen of n Ann. Anne, for granting to her Majefty duties upon malt, mum% cyder f •c* *• and perry, and for other purpojes therein contained, feveral provi-fans were made for allowance for damages fuflaincd by the proprietors io§or damag* of malts funk or caft away in any vejfl or lighter, on tranfportations <?d, &c. from one pdrt of this kingdom to another, or burnt or damaged by fire\ which proviftons have not proved jujficient to a*fwer the intentions of the fiid aft J be it therefore further enaded bv the authority aforefaid. That from and after the twenty fifth day of Marfa one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, and after further relief the duties by the faid recited ad impofedon malt, and hereby for proprietors Continued, are paid by the matter or maker of malr, if any ^

Quantity of malt (hall unfortunately happen to be deftroyed of	1

damaged by fire, or (hall perifh, or (hall be damaged by the translation. Yol. XV.	&	ca(Un^fouxvow*

4

of the kingdom to another, See.

Anno nono Georgii I. c. 3.	[	1

calling away of, or by any inevitable accident happening t barge or veflel, in which the faid malt (hair be tranfporti tranfported from any part of this kingdom to another, or 1 board for that purpofe, it (hall and may be lawful to and I refpeltive proprietors of .fuch malt to make proof there oath of one or more credible witnefles, of the refpeclive fters, makers or owners thereof, having paid the faid either before the juftices of the peace of the county, ridi divifion where fuch malt was loaded or put on board, or or kept at the tio>e of fuch lofs or damage happening, oi adjoining to the place where fuch accident (hail happen, al quarter (eflions, or before the commiffioners of the duty cife for the time being, or the major part of them, wl hereby feverally and refpe&ively impowpred, in cafes proof (hall be made that fuch malt was intirely loft, or 1 deftroyed, and that the duties thereof were paid, to grant tificate thereof, and of the amount of the duty of fuch s foil or deftroyed; upon producing of which certificate ' officer appointed to colled the faid duty, he (hall be obli repay or allow to the faid proprietor or proprietors of tti malt, out of the duties arifing by malt, fo much money fum certified to have been paid for the duty of the malt or deftroyed (hall amount unto; and in cafes where thi (hall not be totally loft or deftroyed, but damaged only, the faid juftices and commiffioners, in fuch cafes, are here fpe&ively impowered, upon proof of fuch damage and ol ment of the duties, to determine and fettle the quantum 0 damage, and to give a certificate under their refpedive and feals of the fum allowed for and in refpedt of fuch dai which allowance, where the malt is fo damaged only, (ha the fame proportion to the whole duty of the malt lo dan as the faid damage (hall appear to bear to the value of th malt before it was fo damaged; whiph certificate being pro to the officer appointed to collect the faid duty, he (h obliged to repay or allow to the faid proprietor or propriet the laid malt fo damaged, out of the duties arifing by m; much money as the fum certified as aforefaid, (hall at unto.

XXXVI.	Provided always. That the perfon or perfon (hall have fuftained fuch lofs or damage, or their agent or a (hall give or leave notice thereof in writing with the co of the excife of the divifion or collection next adjoining quarter feffions of the juftices of the peace, to which perfon or perfons intend to apply for fuch allowance o: tificate, or to ‘the folicitor of and for the excife, of fuel and damage, and intentions to apply to fuch juftices or miffioners, for an allowance in refpeCt thereof, fix days a and apply for before the beginning of fuch quarter-feffions, or appficati * fuch commiffioners; and (hall apply for fuch relief in th< Softer** roiilesj withiq mqntb aftejr lofe 0{ damage hapjxning

Perfons Curtaining lofs, ice. to leave notice with Collector, Scc. fix days at leaft before quarter-fef-nons, See.

1722.]

Anno nono GeoRgii I. c. 4,5.

XXXVII.	Provided alfo, That after any of the faid juft ices Lofles, &c. af* or commiflioners (hall have once examined and afcertained fuch .cue^|^e^tyt lob or damage, the fame (hall never after be examined into by examined0 any other of the faid juftices or commiflioners.	by any other.

Monies due on unfatisfied certificates of malt aft 7 Geo. 1* flat. i. c. so. to be made good. See. E XP.

CAP. IV.

An aft for puniflung mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the armj and their quarters. EXP.

CAP. V.

An aft far redeeming certain annuities, now payable by the cafhier of the bank of England, at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum.

MA Y it pleafe your moft excellent Majefiy9 Whereas in ani by 1 Geo. t. ftatt an aft of parliament, made and paffed in the firfi year ofyour *•c# aI* Majefifs reign* intituled, An aft for railing nine hundred and ten thoufand pounds for publick fervices, by fale of annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum* redeemable by parliament, and to authorize a treaty concerning private rights claimed by the proprietors of the lugar-houfes in Scotland* a certain yearly fum offorty five thoufand five hundred pounds was efta-Wijhed to be a dtfitnfl and feparate yearly fund, for anjwering and Paying certain annuities, after the rate of Jive pounds per centum per annum, which were then to be purchafed upon the fame aft* until the redemption thereof by parliament 5 and the Jaid yearly fund wat thereby direfied to be ijjued at the exchequer* to the firfi and chief ufbier of the governor and company of the bank of England for the time being* by way of imprifi, and upon account* for payment of the find annuities* which were to be purchafed upon that afl; and it was thereby enabled* That the monies which Jhould he contributed on the fame afl* for or towards the fum of nine hundred and ten thoufand pounds therein mentioned, Jhoufd be deemed to he a capital or joint Jock* on which fuch annuities Jhould be attending; and the fame joint Jock* and 'the proportional annuities attending the fame* were thereby made transferable ani devifeable in the manner thereby preferibed ; and in the find afl is contained a provifo* That, at any time upon one yearns notice* and repayment by parliament of the faid fum of nine fand pounds* or fo much thereof as Jhalf be ad-

vanced open the faid afl* unto the refpeflive contributors of the fame* Or to fuch perfon or perfons as by* from or under them* Jhould then be entitled to the faid annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, in rejpefl of the money fo advanced* according to fub interejls as they relpeUively Jbould then have in the fame anna:-* fin; and alfo upon full payment and fatisfallion of all arrears of the Jmd annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, (if any fiuh Jbould be then due) then, and not till then, the faid an-mattes, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, crc-Moi h that ait. Jbould ceaft and determine. And whereas the tsntri*.

Ba	Mm

/

t Geo. i9 ft. c. ti.

t Geo. i.

ft* C.ftl'

Anno nono GecRgii 1. c.	[1722.

buttons on thefaid aft did amount to the faid fail fum of nine hundred and ten thoufand pounds, and the annuities* wA/VA became payable in refpeft of the fame* did amount to the yearly fum of forty five then* fandfive hundred pounds: and whereas fince the mating of the faid aft* as much of the faid capital fiock as amounted to jeven hundred fix thoufand one hundred feventy five pounds and fifteen Jhillings* and as many of the faid annuities attending the fame* as amounted to thirty five thoufand three hundred and eight pounds fifteen Jhillings and tone pence per annum, have been fubferibed into the capital flock and year-fy fund of the South-Sea company* and as much of the faid capital flock created by the aft* in part before recited* as amounts to two hundred three thoufand eight hundred twenty four pounds andfive jhillings* and as many of the faid annuities as amount to ten thoufand one hundred ninety one pounds four Jhillings and three pence per annum, in tefpeft thereof do flill remain transferable at the bank* or devife-able as aforejaid* and are payable by the faid cafhier of the governor and company of the bank of England for the time being: and whereas in and by certain claufes contained in another aft of parliament* made flat, and paffed in the faid fir ft yearof your Majejly's reign* intituled* An ad for enlarging the capital flock and yearly fund of the South-Sea company, and for fupplying thereby eight hundred twenty two thoufand thirty two pounds four (hillings and eight pence, to publick ufes; and for railing one hutidred fixty nine thoufand pounds for the like ufes, by (ale of annuities upon divers encouragements therein mentioned ; and for appropriating feveral fupplies granted to his MajeAy, for encouragement of fuch perfous and corporations as would advance* for the fervice of the publick* any fum or fums of money* not exceeding the further fum of one hundred fixty nine thoufand pounds* a certain yearly fum of eight thoufand four hundred and fifty pounds was ejlablijhed to be a dtftinft or feparate fund, for anfwering and paying annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, which were thereby to be pur chafed* until the redemption thereof by parliament; and the faid yearly fund or fum of eight thoufand four hundred and fifty pounds per annum, was thereby direfted to be ijfued at the exchequer* to the firfi atm chief cafhier of the governor and company of the bank of England for the time being* by way of impreft* and upon account* for pay-* ment of the faid annuities not exceeding eight thoufand four hundred and fifty pounds per annum ; and it was thereby enafted* That the monies which fhould be fo contributed or advanced for or towards the faid fum* not exceeding one hundred fixty nine thoufand pounds*fhould be a capital or joint flock* on which the annuities laft mentioned fhould be attending; and the fame joint fiock* and the proportional annuities attending the fame* were thereby made transferable and devifeablein fl*t. the manner thereby preferibed \ and in the aft lafl mentioned there is contained a provifo* Tthat at any time* upon one year's notice and repayment by parliament, of the faid fum of one hundred fixty nine thoufand pounds* or fo much thereof as fhould be advanced on the aft laft mentioned, unto the refpeftive contributors of the fame* or tL fuch perfon or perfons as by* from or under themfhould be then entitled to the fame annuities* after the rate of five pounds per centum per'

annum*

5

1722.3	Anno nono Georgii I. c.$.

annum, in refpeft of tht money fo advanced* according to fuch intends as tbey refpeftively Jbould then have in the fame annuities and aljb upon full paymetit and fatisfaftion of all arrears of the fame annuities* after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, if any Jbould he then due* then, and not till then, the faid lafi mentioned annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum,

Jbould alfo ceafe and determine: and whereas the contributions upon the claujes in the aft lafi mentioned for fuch annuities aforefaid* did amount to the faid whole fum of one hundred fixty nine thoufand founds 5 and the annuities which werejayable in refpeft of the fame* did amount to the faid yearly fum of eight thoufand four hundred and fifty pounds* and fence the. making of the aft lafi tn part before recited, as much of the faid capital flock lafi mentioned, as amounted to one hundred thirty feven thoufand five hundred twenty fix pounds fix Jbillings and eight pence* ana as many of the fame annuities attending the fame flock as amounted to fix thoufand eight hundred feventy fix pounds fix /hillings and four pence per annum, have been fubfcribed into the capital flock and fund of the South-Sea company* and as much of the faid capital flock of one hundred fixty nine thoufand pounds as amounted to thirty one thoufand four hundred feventy three pounds thirteen Jbillings and four pence* and as many of the fend annuities attending the fame as amounted to one thoufand five hundred feventy three pounds* thirteen Jbillings and eight pence per annum, fill remain transferable at the bank* and devifeable as a-forefaid* and payable by tie faid cafhier of the governor and company ef the bank of England for the time being; now we your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, being fully determined that the faid annuities or Turns, amounting to one hundred ninety one pounds four (hillings and three pence per annum* and one thoufand five hundred feventy three pounds thirteen (hillings and eight pence per annum* feverally payable after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum as atorefaid, by the faid cafhier of the governor and company of the bank of England for the time being, (hall be redeemed at the end of one year next after the feaft of the annunciation of the blefled Virgin Mary in the year of our Lord Annuities'] one thoufand feven hundred ana twenty three, by paying to the J^er^ofthl!* (aid cafhier for the time being, the faid feveral fums of two hun- bank, &c. * died and three thoufand eight hundred twenty four pounds five when redeem* (hillings, and thirty one thoufand four hundred feventy three able, &c. pounds thirteen (hillings and four pence ; and fuch arrears (if any) as (hall then be due upon the faid annuities, amounting to ten thoufand one hundred ninety one pounds four (hillings and three pence per annum* and one thoufand five hundred feventy three pounds thirteen (hillings and eight pence per annum* for the ufe of fuch perfon and perfons, body and bodies politick and corporate, as (hall then be entitled to the fame, according t6 fuch intereft as they refpeAively (hall then have therein, do moft humbly pray your Majefty, That it may be enacted, and be it enaAea by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and jfjgi the advice and cbnfent of the lords fpiritual and temporal,

63.	wi

6	Anno	nono	Georgii I. C. 5.	[1

and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled and by th$ authority of the fame. That on or before the laid feaft of the annunciation of the blefled Virgin Mary in the year one thou-S ke fth ^anc* ^even hundred and twenty three, the prefent, or then houfe of com* fpea^cr °f the houfe of commons, may give or leave notice in raons to noti. writing at the office of the governor and company of the bank fy to the bank, of England, That the honourable houfe of commons will, at in writing, the feaft 0f the annunciation of the blefled Virgin Mary one dempOon &e. thoufand feven hundred and twenty four, redeem the laid an-*	*	nuities	amounting	to	one	thouland five hundred feventy three-

pounds -thirteen (hillings and eight pence per annum•

This and for- u# And it is hereby enaded, That fuch notice fo to be given or left, and the notice which the faid fpeaker of the faid houfe fuincient, &c. °f commons did, on the five and twentieth day of December on* thoufand feven hundred and twenty two, purfuant to an order of the fame houfe, give or leave at the faid office, for redeeming all fuch annuities, purchafed after the rate of five pounds i Geo. 1. fiat, per centum per annum, on the ad firft above recited, as bad not a* c. 19. been fubferibed into the capital fiock of the South-Sea company, lhall, by force and virtue of this ad, be and be deemed, adjudged and taken to be good and fufficient notice, within the true intent and meaning of the faid feveral ads of the firft yespr of his Majefty’s reign, for redeeming as well the faid annuities, a-mounting to ten thoufand one hundred ninety one pounds four (hillings and three pence per annumy as the faid annuities amounting to one thoufand five hundred feventy three pounds thirteen (hillings and eight pence per annum, at the faid feaft of the an-' nunciation of the blefled Virgin Mary one thouland feven hundred and twenty four, and the fame (hall be redeemable accordingly ; any thing in the faid ads of the firft year of his Majefty’s reign, or either of them, or any other ad or ads of parliament contained to the contrary notyrithftanding.

$ Geo. s. c. 7. HI. And whereas an aft of parliament was made andpajfed intbi third year of your Majejifs reign, intituled. An ad for redeeming the duties and revenues which were fettled to pay off principal and intereft on the orders made forth on four lottery-ads panel in the ninth and tenth years of her late Majefty’s r^ign j and for redeeming certain annuities payable on orders out of the hereditary excite, according to a former ad in that behalf s and for eftablifhing a general yearly fond, not only for the future pay-ment of annuities at Several rates, to be payable and transferable at the bank of England, and redeemable by parliament! but alfo to raife money for fuch proprietors of the faid orders, as (hall chufe to be paid tkeir principal and arrears of intereft in ready money; and for making good fuch other deficiencies and payments, as in this ad are mentioned; and for taking off -the duties on linfeed imported and Britijb linen exported, in and:, by which aft (amongft other things therein contained) a certain yearly fum, amounting to feven hundred twenty four thoufand eight hundred,. forty nine pounds fix Jhillings and ten pence and one fifth pari of ft, penny per annum, from the feajl of Saint Michael the archangel fir.

7

,]	Anno	none Georg n I. c. 5.

r of our Lord one thoufand/even hundred and feventeen, by or fetch duties, weekly payments and other proviftons as are therein fed, was fettled and eftahlijbed to he a general yearly fund, for nerds the anfwering and faying fuch feveral and refpeftive an-and payments as were thereby charged or chargeable thereupon,

Kmanner as is therein mentioned: and whereas (amongft other its which were provided for by the fame aft) certain annuities, be rate of five pounds pee centum per annum, amounting in ole to Jour hundred feventy fix thoufand feven hundred feven-weds feventeen/hillings and eight pence per annum, were pur-f that aft charged upon the faid general yearly fund, as well in i di/charge of feveral lottery-orders, made forth by feveral afts ament of the ninth and tenth years of the reign of her late Ma-tteen Anne, (of blejfed memory) as alfo of certain orders or ait- 9 Arm* c. 6. ayments, which had been charged upon the hereditary excife, &°a£in*c’ x*# onmtities, amounting to four hundred feventy fix tbou/and feven i feventeen pounds feventeen Jhillings and eight pence per an-(0 charged on the/did general yearly fund by the faid aft of the tar of your Majeftfs reign, were thereby made Ukewife payable 'ofltier of the governor and company of the bank ^England for t being, and the proprietors thereof, by virtue of the fame aft, tritlod in refpeft thereof? to a capital fum, amounting in the 1 nine millions five hundred thirty four thoufand three hundred ten pounds thirteen /hillings and eleven pence three farthings, vas alfo transferrable at the bank of England, or dsvifiable as ime aft was dirofted: and whereas fence the making of thefaid n bo third year of your Majefifs reign, as much of the faid ca~ 3 O€0# *’c* *# id of nine millions five hundred thirty four thoufand three hun-iy feven pounds thirteen /billings and eleven petue three faros amounted to eight millions three hundred twenty nine thou-¥ hundred feventy one pounds ten Jhillings and feven pence, many of the faid annuities attending the fame as amounted to mdred and Jixteen thoufand four hundred feventy eight pounds hillings and ftxpcnce per annum, have been fubferibed into the toei and fund of the South-Sea company, and as much of the Mad flock of nine millions five hundred thirty four thoufand mdred fifty feven pounds thirteen /hillings and eleven pence rthhsgs, as amounts to one million two hundred and four thou-vest hundred: eighty fix founds three /hillings and four pence rthings, and as many of the faid annuities attending the faffie set to fixty thoufand two hundred thirty nine pounds fix Jhil-i two pence per annum, do fiill remain transferrable at the od taxable by the faid cajhier of the governor and company o f f of England for the time being ; which annuities, amounting thoufand two hundred thirty nine pounds fix fijillings and tzoo 5T- annum, are ncverthelefs Jub/eft to a provifo contained in aft of the third year of your Majefifs reign, whereby it is I and enafted. That at any time upon notice to be given or left c ublick office of the governor and company of the bank of Eng- 3 Gc0, x‘c I any of the quarterly feafl-days therein mentioned, for pay-' tbs faid annuities, and upon repayment by parliament of tbeir B 4	rejpeflive

Anno nono Georgii I. C. 5.	[

and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled and 1 authority of the fame. That on or before the faid feaft annunciation of the blefled Virgin Mary in the year one 6oeakerofthe knc* ^evcn hundred an(* twe^ty three, the prefent, 01 houfe of com- Speaker of the houfc of commons, may give or leave noi mom to noti- writing at the office of the governor and company of th* fy to the bank, of England, That the honourable tfoufe of commons v in writing, the feaft of the annunciation of the blefled Virgin Mat derapdon, ike. thoufand feven hundred and twenty four, redeem the £1 ' nuities amounting to one thoufimd five hundred feventy pounds -thirteen (hillings and eight pence per annum•

This and for- jj. And it is hereby enadted, That fuch notice fo to b< b^eoKxl^nd^ or an4 n°tice which the faid fpeaker of the faid fumcient, &c. °f commons did, on the five and twentieth day of JDecemi thoufand feven hundred and twenty two, purfuant to an of the fame houfe, give or leave at the (aid office, for re ing all fuch annuities, purchafed after the rate of five ( 1 Geo. 1. flat, per centum per atinumy on the adt firft above recited, as b a* c. 19. been fubferibed into the capital flock of the South-Sea con (hall, by force and virtue of this adt, be and be deemed, a ed and taken to be good and fufficient notice, within tl intent and meaning of the faid feveral adts of the firft ; his Majefty’s reign, for redeeming as well the faid annuii mounting to ten thoufand one hundred ninety one pounc (hillings and three pence per annum^ as the faid annuities an ing to one thopfand five hundred feventy three pounds t) (hillings and eight pence per anftum9 at the faid feaft oft nunciation of the blefled Virgin Mary one thoufand fevei dred and twenty four, and the fame (hall b$ redeemable a ingly; any thing in the faid adts of the firft year of his M: reign, or either of them, or any other adt or adts of parli contained to the contrary notyithftanding.

3 Geo. s. c. 7. Ifl. And whereas an ah of parliament was made andpajfu third year of your Majefifs reign% intituled, An adt for rede the duties and revenues which were fettled to pay off pr and intereft on the orders made forth on four lottery-adts in the ninth and tenth years of her late Majefty’s reigr for redeeming cert,ain annuities payable on orders out of t reditary excite, according to a fprmer adt in that behalf; a eftablifhing a general yearly fund, not only for the futur ment of annuities at (everal rates, to be payable and tn table at the bank of England, and redeemable by parlia but alfo to raife money for fuch proprietors of the faid < as (hall chufe to be paid their principal and arrears of i in ready money; and for making good fuch other defic; and payments, as in this adt are mentioned; and for taki the duties on linfeed imported and Britijb linen exported, by which aft (amongfi other things therein contained) a urtah jum, amounting to feven hundred twenty four thoufand eight h forty nine pounds fix Jhillings and ten pence and one fifth pa penny per annum9 from the feajl of Saint Mictoel the cn;cha

1722.)	Anno	none Georgn I. c. 5.

the year of our Lord one tblujand jwen hundred and feventeen, by or out of fitth duties, weekly payments and other proviftons as are therein mentioned, was fettled and eflablijhed to be a general yearly fund, for and towards the anjwering and paying fuch feveral and refpeftive annuities and payments as were thereby charged or chargeable thereupon, in fitch.manner as is therein mentioned: and whereas (amongf other foments which were provided for by the fame aft) certain annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, amounting in the whole to Jour hundred feventy fix thoufand/even hundred feven-teen pounds feventeen Jbillings and eight pence per annum, were pur-fitant to that aft charged upon the faid general yearly fund, as well in lieu anddifeharge of feveral lottery-orders, made forth by feveral afts ofparliament of the ninth and tenth years of the reign of her late Ma-jefty Queen Anne, (of blejfed memory) as alj'o of certain orders or an- 9 total payments, which had been charged upon the hereditary excife,*£ which annuities, amounting to four hundred feventy fix thoufand feven-hundred feventeen pounds feventeen Jhillings and eight pence per annum, fo charged on the faid general yearly fund by the faid aft of the' third year of your Majeflfs reign, were thereby made likewife payable by the eqftner of the governor and company of the hank ^Englandfor the time being, and the proprietors thereof, by virtue of the fame aft, were entitled in refpeft thereof,» to a capital fum, amounting in the whole to nine millions five hundred thirty four thoufand three hundred' fifty feven pounds thirteen fallings and eleven pence three farthings, which was alfo transferrable at the bank of England, or devifiable as in the fame aft was direfted: and whereas ftnee the making of thefind aft of the third year of your Majeflfs reign, as much of the faid ca- 3 pitaljbock of nine millions five hundred thirtyfour thoufand three hundred fifty feven pounds thirteen jbillings ana eleven pence three farthings, as amounted to eight millions three hundred twenty nine thou-fisni five hundred feventy one pounds ten Jbillings and feven pence, and as many of the faid'annuities attending the fame as amounted to• four hundred and fixteen thoufand four hundreafeventy eight founds eleven jbillings andJixpcnce per annum, have been fubfiribed into the capital flock and fund of the South-Sea company, and as much of the find capital flock of nine millions five hundred thirty four thoufand thru hundred fifty feven pounds thirteen flnllings and eleven pence thru farthings, as amounts to one million two hundred and four thm-fimd feven hundred- eighty fix founds three Jbillings and four pence three farthings, and as many of the faid annuities attending the fafke at amount tv ftxty thoufand two hundred thirty nine pounds fix Jhtl-lings and two pence per annum, do fill remain transferrable at the hunk, and payable by the faid cajbier of the governor and company of the bank of England for the time being 5 which annuities, amounting to fixty thoufand two hundred thirty nine pounds fix Jbillings and two pence per annum, are neverthelefs fubjeft to a provi/o contained in the faid aft of the third year of your Majeflfs reign, whereby it is provided and enafted, That at any time upon notice to be given or left at the publick office of the governor and company of the bank of Eng- 3 land, at any of the quarterly feajl-days therein mentioned, for pay-smut of the faid annuities, and upon repayment by parliament of their

B 4	rejpefiivc

19

jGeo.i. c. 7.

Produce of finking, fond tobeftktvd half-yearly, dec*

How applied*

Anno nono Gxo&gu I. c. 5.	[17222

*&c. New bills to be made forth in lieu of bills filled tip or defaced, &e* Treafury may caufe bills not exceeding 50001. to be made forth, and placed as cafli in the exchequer, See. forging or counterfeiting exchequer bills, &c. Felony. E X r.

XX* And whereas the feveral furpiuffes, excejfes and overplus monies, commonly called the faid Jinking fund (which in and by the /aid aft made in the third year of bis Majeftfs reign were appropriated to and for difcharging the principal and inter eft offucb national debts and incumbrances, as were incurred before the twenty fifth dap of December one tboufand feven hundred and fixtten, and were di~ dared to be national debts, and were provided for by aft of parliament, in fuch manner andform as Jhould be dire fted or appointed bp any future aft or afts of parliament, to be iifeharged therewith or out of the fame) have ujually been computed at or about the feaft tf Saint Michael the archangel in every year, and the left computation of the clear produce thereof, now lying before the honourable houfe of commons did terminate at or about the feqfi of Saint Michael the-archangel one tboufand feven hundred and twenty two: now to the end, intent and purpofe that all the exchequer bills to be made: forth by virtue of this ad, not exceeding as afordaic^ may be paid off and difcharged in fuch courfe and order as art hereafter in and by this ad appointed, in,that behalf; and to the end'* the fame bills, or fo many of them as (hall from time, to time-remain undifehtrged, may the better obtain, a currency for inch time as they or any of them: arc hereby intended to be current, be it further enaded by 'the authority aibrefidd. That the com*-rniilloners of the treafunr, or. any three or mote of them, now being, and the high trealurer,. or any three or more of the com-miffioners of the treafury for the time being, (halhfbom henceforth caufe the clear produce of .the faid feveral forplufles,. ex~ cedes and.overplus monies, commonly called the finking fond, to be computed and dated half-yearly (to wit) at the feaft of the annunciation of the bleiled Virgin Mary,, and.the feaft of Saint Michael the archangel in every year, until all the exchequer bills to be made forth by virtue of this ad (hall be folly paid off and difcharged, or money diffident (hall be referved for completely paying off and difeharging the fame: the. firft of which accounts fo to be dated of the faid furplufles, excefies and overplus monies (hall terminate at the feaft of the annunciation of the bleiled Virgin Mary which (hall be in the year of our Lord one tboufand feven hundred and twenty three, and the fubfequent accounts thereof (hall be made up and adjufted at every of the faid half-yearly feaft-days, or as foon after as the accounts of the publick revenues, whereupon fuch ftated accounts are to be formed, can be collected for that purpofe*

XXL And it is hereby enaded by the authority aforefaid. That all the monies of the fiud . furplufles, excefies and overplus monies, called the finking fond, which were produced at or before the faid feaft of Saint Michael the archangel one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two, which (hall remain over and a-bovc the fiudfum oftwo^nundred and four thoufend feven hundred

II

*7**'}	Anno nono Georgii I. c. 5.

4red eighty (he pounds three ihilliogs and four pence three farthings, to be ifliied out of the fame as aforefaid, (if any fuch be) ana all the monies from time ta time arifing of or tor the foid furplufles, excefles and overplus monies, called the (inking a fund, which hereafter (hall or ought to appear upon the making up and adjufting every half-yearly account or (tate of the produce of the lame as aforefaid, (except fuch monies of the (aid finking fund, as are appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes by any other or former ad or ads of parliament in that behalf, and (hall be payable or demandable before the end of every fuch half-year relpedively) (hall, from time to time, as the fame (hall arife at the faid receipt of exchequer, be ifliied to fuch paymaster as is herein after mentioned, by way of impreft and upon account, for and towards the paying off and discharging the faid exchequer-bills, which (hall have been made forth by virtue of this ad, in their due courle and order as they (hall be numbered and (land in the faid regifter, and for or towards the charge of exchanging and. circulating the laid bills or any of them, and for or towards fuch other payments as are in and by this ad direded or allowed to be made or difeharged out of the fame, and for np other ufe, intent or purpofe whatfoever, until all the faid bills (hall be paid off, difcbarged and cancelled, and the faid other pay ments (hall, be fatisfied, or money fufficient (hall be refcrved for thofe purpofes.

Treafury to appoint peefoas to difeharge principal, arifing in courfe of payment upon exchequer-bills, See. Surpluses, Sec. applied to the difeharge of tpcchequer-bilFs, Sec. Bills to be regifced in courle, Sec. No undue preference in payment. Treasury to appoint felaries, &c. Trea-fury may .contra# with perfons for circulating and exchanging bills for lUOney, Sec. Contradls to be regiftred, &c. Contractors not liable to bankruptcy. Sec. for that caufe only. No fee, Sec. to be taken in -the exchequer for any thing there done in purfuance of this a#, fee* Intereft upon bills not to be paid to any fum left than a penny, Scc. Treafury may pay out of finking fund, the charges of making forth ne«y bills, &c. Bfonies due upon bills loft, burnt or deftroyed, to be fatisfied upon oath. Sec. Bills paid off to he cancelled, Sec. EXP*

XXXIV, Provided always, and it is hereby likewife enalted Monies arifing by the authority aforefaid, that all the monies arifen or to afrife from finking into the exchequer of or for the faid furplufles, excefles and ^^ nated*^ overplus monies, commonly called the finking fund- (except |£.P * * fuch mpoies thereof as are by this or any a ft or alts of this or aqy former feflion or feflions of parliament, fpecially charged upon the faid (inking fund, or to be paid out of the fame, or out of any revenues or branches compofing the faid finking fond) (hall be appropriated, referved and employed, to and for difeharging the principal and intereft of fuch national debts and incumbrances as were incurred before the twenty fifth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and fixteen, and are dc-dftred to be fuch national debt? as may be redeemed, and are provided for by alt of parliament, in fuch manner and form as JpaU be $rc$ea wd appointed by any future or alts of parliament

12	Anno	nono	Georgii	I.	c.	5.	[1722.’

liament to be difcharged therewith, or out of the fame, and to none other ufe, intent or purpofe whatfoever; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

% Geo 1 flat .	iiW	whereas	by	an	aft	of parliament of the firft year of

* his Majejly's reign, intituled, An aft for appointing commii-fioners to take, examine and ftate the debts due to the army, feveral perfons therein named, were eonfiituted commiffioners for taking and fiating the accounts, claims and demands therein mentioned, which aft was to endure from the tenth day of September one thou-fand feven hundred ana fifteen, to the tenth day of September one thoufand feven hundred and fixteen > and by another aft of the firjl a Geo. 1. flat, year of hts Majejly's reign9 intituled, An aft to appoint a commif-*•c* 35- fioner for taking, examining and dating the debts due to the army, in the room of Thomas Smith, efq 5 deceafed; and for continuing the former aft until the tenth day of March one thousand feven hundred and fixteen, feveral perfons therein namedf were eonfiituted commiffioners, with power to proceed in the examining andfating the accounts, and to do other things therein mentioned, from the ninth day of September one thoufand feven hundred and fixteen, to the tenth day of March then next following: and by an aft of the third year of his Majefifs eeign9 intituled* An aft to en-*Geo c a^c Majefty to appoint commiffioners to take, examine, *	*	*’	*,7#	(brte and determine the debts due to the army, it was enafted.

That it Jhould and might be lawful for his Majefiy to grant to any perfons (whom his Majefiy Jhould think fit, not exceeding the number of Jeven) bis commiffion under the great feal of Great Britain, with full power, at any time before the tenth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and feventeen9 to take, examine and/late the debts then remaining due to toe army; and that it Jhould ana might be lawful to and for the commiffioners fo to be eonfiituted, or any four or more of them9 to proceed to determine fuch accounts9 claims and demands9 as had been taken and ftated by the commiffioners appointed by the faid former afts9 or any four or more of them9 and alfo to take9 ftate and determine fuch of the faid accounts9 claims and demands9 as were not fo taken and Jlated9 and after fuch determinations refpeftively9 to cer~ tify the fame to the paymafier of his Majefifsforces for the time be-ing9 or to the then late paymafier or pamafiers for fuch refpeftive times as they were employed or concerned in the payment of her late Majefifs forces9 and in which the faid debts9 claims or demands became due and were contra fted9 and what Jhould remain due upon fuch refpeftive accounts9 claims or demands, and to whom the fame was re-fpeftively due9 in order to the find paymafiers making out debentures to the officers9 engineers9 gunners, and other perfons, to whom the monies fo certified to be due Jhould refpgftively belongs which faid debentures the faid paymafier or paymafiers refpeftively9 were thereby direfted find required to make out accordingly: and that the ccmmifjioners of the treafury, or any three or more of tbem% or the high treafurer for the time beings Jhould order and appoint fuch a form and method of making out the faid debentures, as might bfi tend to prevent the counterfeiting of the fame: and whereas on the eighth day of February one thoufand feven hundred and feventeen^ James then lord vifcottnt Stan-

bpp**

272*'] Anno nono Georgii 1. c. 5«	l3

hope, (afterwards earl Stanhope9) Thomas lord Torrington,

John Wallop, efquire, (now lord LimingtonJ and George Baillie, efquire, then commiffioners of bis MajeJlfs treafury, did by an infiru-went in writing under their handle purfmnt to the power to them given by the faid aft of the third year of bis Majejly's reign, approve a form and method of making out debentures in the manner thereby defcribed, and did order and appoint the faid method and form accordingly : and whereas by feveral alts of parliament, made and pajfed 3 Geo.i. c. i?. fince the faid alt of the third year of his Majejly's reign, feveral per- 4 Geo. i. c. 9. Jons therein refpeft'rvely named have been conjlituted commiffioners to |Geo.1,c*,4* examine, fate and determine the debts due to the army, who were by the fame alts refpeHively impowered to alt in performance of the trufis,. c. 3o. * in them refpellively repofed, without obtaining any new commimon under the jaid great feat in that behalf: and whereas by one of the faid fubfequent alts which was made and pajfed in the fifth year of 5 Geo. 1.0.14* his Majejly's reign, it was enalted, that all certificates made out by virtue of that ally Jhould be direlted to the right honourable (James earl of Carnarvon (now duke of ChandosJ^r his deputy, or fuch perfon or perfons as the commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treafurer for toe time beingy Jhould think fit to nominate and appoint 5 and the faid earl of Carnarvon, or bis deputy, or the faid perfon or perfons fo to be nminatedy were thereby direlted and authorized to ijfue the debentures accordingly, as well for fuch fum or fums of money, as jhould appear to have arifen or become due to the refpeHive claimants for any time, during which he was paymajler, as for any time or times before or fince: and whereas by an injlrument in writing, bearing date the fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen, under the hands and feals of John Aiflabie, efquire, John Wallop, efquire, (now lord Liming-ton) George Baillie, efquire, and William Clayton, efquire, then commijjioners of his Majejly's treafury, .Thomas More, efquire,

(who had ailed and then continued to all as deputy to the faid James duke of Chandos in all cafes where debentures had heretofore beenr or were by the faid all of the fifth year of his Majejtfs reign, authorized to be made out by the faid duke, as late paymajler general of the army, or his deputy) was conjlituted and appointed to make out debentures an all and every the certificates whatfoever, that were,

Jhould or might be ijj'ued by the commtjfioners appointed as aforefaid, upon or by virtue of the Jaid all of the fifth year of his Majejly's reign: and whereas by an alt made and pajfed in the feventh year of 7 Geo. 1. fat. his Majejly's reign (being one of the alls for appointing contmijfioners *•c# I°» to examine, Jlate and determine the debts due to the army) it was en-alledy That all debentures made out, or to be made out by any paymajler or paymajlers, or his or their deputy or deputies, in purfuance of any certificate authorized to be made out by the commijjioners by virtue of that or any other atl or alls of parliament, for fiating and determining the debts due to the army, Jhould carry an annuity after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the twenty fourth day of June one thoufand fiven hundred and feventeen, and that the fame annuities Jhould be payable out of the monies arifing or to arife from the cufioms and other duties and payments9 commonly called

1.

14	Anno	nono	Gborgii I. 0.5*	[1722;

S Gto. x. e. 7. a/ the general fund, ejlablijbed by an ait of parliament of the third year of his Majefifs reign, amounting to feven hundred twenty four thoufand eight hundred forty nine pounds fix /hillings and ten pence one fifth part of a penny per annum, and the eommiffiohers of his ‘	Majefifs	treajury, or any three or more ofthem, and the high trea-

furer for the time being, are thereby authorized and impowered, upon producing any fuch debenture or debentures made firth or to be made forth upon any fuch certificate or certificates as aforefaid., to iffue /landing orders for paying at the find receipt of exchequer> the find annuities for the principal fiums contained in the faid debentures rejpec -tively, to the perfons named in fuch debentures, their executors, ad-minifirators, fiuceffors and affigns refpeffively, which annuities art neverthelefs redeemable, according to a provifo in the faid aft of the feventhyear of his Majefifs reign contained in that behalf as by the faid feveral afts and infiruments, relation being thereunto had, men 7 Geo. 1. flat. Jmore fully appear: and whereas the find Thomas More hath made a. c. 30.	forth feveral debentures in the form prescribed by the faid commifjionert

of the treafury, upon the faid commiffion under the great feal, which was founded upon the faid ail of the third year of his Majefifs reign, and fiome doubts have arifen or may arife, whether the certificates j Geo, i.c.17. ma^e forth by the feveral commijfionersfforfiating and determining * * 7* the debts due to the army, purfuant to the fatd other afts, orfome of them, and which certificates have been delivered to the faid Thomas More, were delivered to a proper officer ar perfon in order to have the debentures made forth thereupon; and whether the faid Thomas More, to whom fuch certificates were delivered, was firiftly authorized in all cafes, to make forth the debentures upon all fuch certify rates fo delivered to him 5 and whether the jlanding orders for Jucb annuities as aforefaid, payable at the exchequer, or fiome of them have been well grounded upon all the debentures figned by the /aid Thomas More as aforefaid: now for the obviating all fuch doubts for the future, it is hereby declared and enabled, &c.

Debentures, See. already made forth, or to be made forth. Sec. deemed |jood^aiid valid. Altering or counterfeiting debentures. Sec* Felony.

XXXVn. And whereas fence thefaidfeafl of Saint Michael the archangel in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred twenty and two, feveral /urns of money have been called for to be ijfucdfor Wing off and cancelling fuch of the exchequer-bills as then remained to be cancelled, purfuant to an aft made and pajfcd in that behalf in SGeo.t.c. 10. the eighth year of his Majefifs reign, and feveral /urns, amounting to twenty three thoufand one hundred thirty eight pounds eleven /hillings ten pence three farthings, part of the monies of the faidfinking fund, which remained in the exchequer at the faid feafl of Saint Michael the archangel one thoufand feven hundred twenty two, have fince been iffued or direfted to be t/fued purfuant to the aft lafi men-tionei, for or towards paying off and cancelling the faid exchequer* bills, which then remained itndijcbarged: now to the end the com* pleat redemption of the faid annuities, amounting to fixty thou* tend two hundred thirty nine pounds fix fhiiiings and two pence

peg

1732.3

Anno nono Georgii I. c. 6.

*5

per annum, may not be obftruded or delayed; it is hereby pro- Redemption vided and further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That for a“" making up the abovefaid fum of two hundred and four thoufand hunting to (even hundred eighty fix pounds three (hillings and four pence 60,1391.6s,id. three farthings, by this ad intended to be applied towards tbe per annum, redemption thereof, the fum of one hundred ninety two thou- ■

(and two hundred feventy four pounds fixteen (hillings one QM e* c‘

Sand fourteen twentieth parts of one penny, remaining ofed of the faid finking fund, computed at the feaft of Saint Michael the archangel one thouland (even hundred twenty and two, (hall and may be ifliied and applied according to the purport and true meaning of this ad-above exprefled; and that any further fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole twelve thoufand five hundred eleven pounds feven (hillings three pence and one twentieth part of a penfiy, (hall and may be taken and ifliied out of the firft money arifing of or by the faid finking fund, to be computed for any time after the faid feaft of Saint Michael the archangel one thouland feven hundred and twenty two; and the commifiioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, are hereby authorized and direded to ifliie or caufe to be ifiuea the £un« accordingly; any thing in this or any other law or ftatute whatlbever to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. VI.

An *8 for reviving and adding tvao millions to tbe capital flock of tbe South-Sea company, and for reviving a pro-portional part of tbe yearly fund payable at tbe exchequer, and for dividing their whole capital (after fucb divijion mode) into two equal parts or moieties, and for converting one of tbe faid moieties into certain annuities for tbe benefit of tbe members and for fettling tbe remaining moiety in tbe feud company; andfor continuing for one year longer, the provifion formerly made againjt requiring fpecial bail in abiions or fusts upon fucb controls as are therein mentioned.

MA Y it pleaft your mofi excellent Majefiy, whereas in an ail of Farther prwi-parUanunt of the Jeventh year of your Majefiy’s reign, ints- fimi rooting to tided. An ad for making fcveral provifions to reftore the pub- mature t* lick credit, which fuffers by the frauds and mifmanagements of ,bi’aa r the late directors of the South-Sea company, and others, there is /"g contained a claufe or provifo in tbe words or to the effeil following, 7 Geo!«. JUt. {that is to fay) provided always neverthelefs, and it is hereby enabled, *• left. *• That from and after the faid feaft of tbe nativity of Saint John Bap-tifi which Jball be in the year of our Lord me thoufand feven hundred and twenty two, the full fum of two millions ofpounds fterling, part of tbe capital flock, which Jball then belong to the faid company, Jball by fort* and virtue of this ail, be and be deemed and adjudged to be remutd,funi end ennihilutcd for ever j and that■ a proportional part

‘f

Repeal of a claufi: in the Aft 7 Geo. i. flat. a. for making feve-ral provifions, Ac.

The two millions revived, and added to the (lock of South-Sea company, &c.

7Geo.i.ftat.i.

Before 14 June 17*3. to be divided a-mongthe proprietors of the capital flock.

, Afino nono GeorgIi I. C.6.	[tyiii

of their annuities or yearly funds, payable at the exchequer in rejpeff of two millions, Jhall by forte and virtue of this aft, from and after the faid feaft of the nativity of Saint John Baptiji which Jhall be its the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two, be no longer payable, but Jkall from thenceforth for ever ceafe and determine, for the benefit of the publick; any thing in the faid recited afts^ or either of them, or any other law Jlatute or provifion whatfoever to the contrary in any wife notwithfianding; as by the faid aft, amongfi divers other things therein contained, relation being thereunto bad\ may plainly appear: now wc your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, being fully fenfible of the immenfe lofs and damage- which the faid company, commonly called the South-Sea company, have fuftained by the marty frauds, abufes and breaches of trad which were committed by the late fub-governor, deputy-governor and direftors of the fame company, and others in confederacy with them, or fome of them; ana being minded to grant further relief to the unhappy fufferers, and to advance the pub-lick credit (as well as the credit of the fame company) for the* benefit of trade, and otherwife, do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual ana temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid recited provifo and claufe be repealed, and the fame are hereby declared and enafted to .be null and void accordingly $ and tne faid fum of two millions, by force and virtue of this aft* is dnd (hall be revived and again added to the prefent Capital (lock of the faid South-Sea company; and that the proportional part or parts of the annuities or yearly funds of the faid company, payable at the exchequer in rdfpeft of the faid two millions, together with all arrears thereof, incurred or grown due flnee the faid feaft of the nativity of Saint John Baptift one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two, (hall alfo be revived, and again become payable at the exchequer, as if no fuch provifo or claufe had been enafted or contained in the faid aft of the feventh year of his Majefty’s reign: any thing in that aft contained to the contraiy nottvithftanding*

II.	And be it enaftea by the authority aforefaid. That the faid fum of two millions, by this aft revived and added to the capital (lock of the South-Sea company as aforefaid, (hall before the twenty fourth day of June in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, be divided as neat' as conveniently may be, to and amongft all the proprietors of the whole Capital (lock of the faid company, in proportion to theif feveral and refpeftive interefts therein$ and that credit be given tor the fame refpeftively in the books of the faid company.

III.	And ivhereas on the reviving and adding the faid fum of two millions as aforefaid, the whole capital flock of the faid South-Sea company doth by computation amount to thirty three millions eight hundred and two thoufand four hundred eighty three pounds fourteen

Jhillingi

17

X722.J	Anno	nono Georgii 1. c. 6.

/billings and a halfpenny; and upon reviving and adding the faid pro-portional part or parts of the faid annuities or yearly funds in refpeft of the faid two millions as aforefaidy the whole annuities or yearly funds of the faid company, payable at the exchequer, in refpe5l of their whole capitalJlocky do by computation amount at follows, (that is to fay) for three millions eight hundred thirty nine thoufand three hundred fixty three pounds thirteen/hillings, and one penny, {part of their faid whole capital) at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, the fum of one hundredfifty three thoufand five hundredfeven-ty four founds ten Jhillings and ten pence per annum, andfor twenty nine millions nine hundred fixty three thoufand one hundred and twenty pounds and eleven pence halfpenny (being the refidue of their whole capital) at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, the fum of onq million four hundred ninety eight thoufand one hundred fifty fix pounds ana a halfpenny per annum, in all one million fix hundred fifty one thoufand feven hundred and thirty pounds ten /hillings ana ten pence halfpenny per annum, payable until and for the feajl of the nativity of Saint John the Bapti/l one thoufand feven hundred and twenty feven: and from thenceforth the faid annuities or yearly funds are to be computed on the faid whole capital /lock or fum of thirty three millions eight hundred and two thoufand four hundred eighty three pounds fourteen /billings and a halfpenny, at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, and no more, until the redemption thereof by parliament, over and above the feveralfiums of eight thoufand pounds per annum, and one thoufana three hundred ninety feven pounds nine /hillings and fixpence per annum, already fettled and allowed for charges of management, and feveral other fums to be fettled and allowed for charges of management, purfuant to feveral a£ls of parliament in that behalf: and whereas it is judged to be ad-vifeable and nece/farjy that fo great a capital flock, and fuch large annuities and yearly funds as are laft mentioned, Jhould be divided and feparated in fuch a manner, that all and every the members or proprietors thereof may find their refpe&ive /hares or interefis in each part Jo divided, and feparated, and the publicky as well as the faid South-Sea company, may be the better fecured againjl future frauds, abufes9 errors and mifmanagements; therefore we your Majefty’s faid dutiful and loyal fubje&s, do further humbly pray, that it may be From 14 June enabled, and be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That 17*1- the from and after the twenty fourth day of June which (hall be in wh,?Ied— the year of our Lord one thoufana feven hundred and twenty[nto^twoequai three, the whole capital (lock of the faid company, called the parts. South-Sea company, herein computed to amount to thirty three tanker divided millions eight hundred and two thoufand four hundred eighty b ^ Geo. three pounds fourteen (hillings and an halfpenny as aforelaid, c# * * and the (hares of the rcfpe&ive members and proprietors of and in the fame, (hall be divided and feparated into two equal parts or moieties, and the fame from thenceforth are hereby divided and feparated, and (hall be deemed and adjudged to be divided and feparated accordingly; any former law or"llatute whatfoever to the contrary notwithjftanding.

Vot. XV.	C

IV. And

18	Anno	nono Geokgii I. c. 6.	[1722.

Moiety con- IV. And.be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

* That onc moiety or half-part of the laid capital (lock fo divided

1	*	and	feparated,	which moiety or half-part wilL by computation

amount to fixtecn millions nine hundred and one thoufand two hundred forty one pounds feventeen (hillings and a farthing, {hall from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, be, and the fame from thenceforth are hereby converted into a joint (lock, attended with certain annuities, payable out of the funds of the faid South-Sea company in lieu of all the dividends, profits and advantages fuch moiety is now intitled to, that is to fay, with annuities, after the rate of live pounds per centum per annum, from the faid twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, until and for the faid feaft of the nativity of Saint John Baptift one thoufand feven hundred and twenty feven, and from thenceforth with annuities out of the fame funds, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum only, and no more, until redemption thereof by parliament, according to the purport and true meaning of this aft; and that the fame moiety fo converted into fuch joint {lock, (hall from thenceforth be called the joint flock of South-Sea annuities and that the other moiety or half-part of the faid whole capital (lock, amounting to the like fum of fixteen millions nine hundred and one thoufand two hundred forty one pounds feventeen {hillings and a farthing, {hall remain, continue, and be in the faid company, called the South-Sea company, as a joint {lock in their own right, attended with the refidue of the laid annuities or yearly funds payable in the exchequer, for their faid whole capital as aforefaid, until the redemption thereof by parliament, according to the purport and true meaning of this aft, and alfo attended with the faid feveral fums already fettled and allowed, and to be fettled and allowed for charges of management, and with all the other benefits, profits of trade, privileges and advantages now belonging to the faid South-Sea company: and whereas the prefent annuities or yearly fund, now payable at the exchequer to the faid Scuth-Sea company, for or in refpedt of their whole capital, exdufive of the faid fums fettled and allowed, or to be fettled and allowed for charges of management as aforefaid, doth and will, until the faid feaft of the nativity of Saint John Baptift one thoufand feven hundred and twenty feven, amount to the fum of one million fix hundred fifty one thoufand feven hundred and fhirty pounds ten {hillings and ten pence %	halfpenny,	as	is before-mentioned; and the annuity or intereft

of that moiety which is hereby enadted to be converted into a joint ftock of the South-Sea annuities, being computed after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum9 doth amount unto the yearly fum of eight hundred forty five thoufand fixty two pounds one {hilling and ten pence farthing, which being dedudted out of the faid yearly fum of one million fix hundred fifty one thoufand feven nundred and thirty pounds ten (hilling? and ten pence halfpenny, the refidue thereof, which will be attending

19

i?22.j	Anno	nono	GeoUgii	I.	c.6.

tending on the other moiety hereby ena&ed, to remain and be the capital (lock of the faid South-Sea company as aforefaid, will be the yearly fum of eight hundred and fix thoufand fix hundred fixty eight pounds nine (hillings and a penny farthing; and the laid whole annuity or yearly fund, which from and after the faid feaft of the nativity of Saint John Baptid one thousand feven hundred and twenty feven, will be payable for both the faid moieties of the capital (lock fo feparated as aforefaid, uhtil redemption thereof by parliament, according to the purport and true meaning of this alt, will, as the fame is computed after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, amount to the fum of one million three hundred fifty two thoufand ninety nine pounds fix (hillings and eleven pence halfpenny, and is from thenceforth to be divided between the faid joint flock of South-Sea annuities, and the faid capital dock remaining to the faid South-Sea company as aforefaid, in equal moieties, over and befides the laid fums fettled and allowed, and to be fettled and allowed for charges of management as aforefaid, which allowances are to attend the faid remaining (lock of the faid South-Sea company; now as to, for and concerning the one moiety or half-part of the faid whole capital (lock of the faid company, commonly called the South-Sea company, fo as afore-laid converted into a joint dock of South-Sea annuities: be it and into an-further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That all and every nuities, for the members or proprietors, having any (hare or intered, on tJ]c benefit of the (aid twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred member*, and twenty three, of or in the lad mentioned moiety' or halfpart of the faid capital dock, amounting to the faid (urn of fix-teen millions nine hundred and one thoufond two hundred forty one pounds feventeen (hillings and a farthing, his, her or their executors, adminidrators, fuccefifors and afiigns refpedlively (in lieu and recompence of and for luch his and their (hare or fhares therein, and of the proportional annuities or yearly funds, dividends, profits and advantages, which belonged to every fuch lhare or (hares, before the making of this alt) (hall have, receive and enjoy, and be entitled by force and virtue of this alt* to have, receive and enjoy, one or more certain annuity or annuities, to be computed after the faid rate of five pounds per centum per annum, on the lad mentioned fum of lixteen millions nine hundred and one thoufand two hundred forty one pounds feventeen (hillings and a farthing' from the faid fead of the nativity of Saint* John Baptid one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, until and for the faid fead of the nativity of Saint John Baptid one thoufand feven hundred and twenty (even; and from thenceforth, at the faid rate of four pounds per centum per enmnL) until fuch redemption by parliament, and proportional annuities for any greater or lefler fums, that Rich (hares in fuch joint .dock of South-Sea annuities (hall amount to, until redemption thereof by parliament as aforefaid; and the faid company, called the South-Sea company, (hall from and after the laid twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and

C 2	twenty

20

Anno nono GeoRGiI I. c. 6.	[1722,

twenty three, have and receive, and be entitled bv virtue of this-ad, to have and receive at the exchequer, out 01 the duties revenues and incomes, charged with their whole annuities or yearly funds payable there, the faid yearly fum of eight hundred forty five thoufand lixty two pounds one (hilling and ten pence farthing, as the annuity, to attend the fajd moiety or half-part fo as aforefaid converted unto the faid joint (lock of South-Sea annuities, from the faid feaft of the nativity of Saint John Baptift one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, until and for the (aid feaft of the nativity of Saint John Baptift one thoufand feven hundred and twenty feven, and from thenceforth fo much yearly, as the interen of the fame moiety (hall amount unto, at the faid rate of four pounds per centum per annum, until redemption by parliament as aforefaid, by weekly or other payments, as the whole yearly funds or annuities or the fame company are payable to them, before the making fuch di-vifion and feparation as aforefaid ; neverthelefs in truft and for the benefit of the faid proprietors or members, who (hall be entitled to the faid South-Sea annuities, according to their refpec-tive interefts therein ; and the faid company, called the South-Sea company, from time to time, (hall have and be entitled to the like remedies, ways and means, for receiving and recovering the faid monies, hereby intended for thepayment of the faid 1South-Sea annuities at the refpeCtive rates aforefaid, during the continuance thereof, as- they might have had or ufed for receiving or recovering their whole annuities or yearly funds at the exchequer, if no fuch divifion and feparation were made; neverthelefs in truft as aforefaid, and all and every the powers, authorities, privileges, freedoms, immunities, exemptions, and otl«?r advantages, and all pains of death, penalties, forfeitures and difabilities, and all reftri&ions, rules and directions, and all daufes, matters and things, which were enaded or provided by any former aft or ads of parliament, laws or ftatutes, which were in force at or until the time of making this ad, for better Securing the whole capital dock, and payment of the yearly funds of the faid South-Sea company, for the foie ufe of the faid company, or preventing or punching the forging or counterfeiting transfers or aflignments, or dividend warrants, or any powers relating thereto, (hall be revived, continued, and be pradifed and put in execution, for better fecuring the (aid joint flock of South-Sea annuities, and the faid yearly funds hereby enaded to attend the fame, in truft, and for the benefit of the faid annuitants, and for preventing or punifhing the forging or counterfeiting any transfers or aflignments of the faid South-Sea annuities, or any dividend warrants made for the fame, or any powers relating thereto, as fully and efFedually to all .intents and purpofes whatfqever, as if alL and every the faid powers, au«* thorities, privileges, freedoms, immunities, exemptions, and other advantages, pains of death, and other penalties, forfeitures and difabilities, reftriftions, ruJy m4 gifflUpns were again repeated.

2l

1722.]	Anno	nonoGeorgii I. c.6.

pealed, and particularly re-ena£ted in the body of this prerent

V.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid, Quarterly and

That the laid joint flock of annuities, to be called the South-Sea h^f-ycarly annuities, or by whatfoever other name or names they or any JunStie** &c. of them Audi be called or known, (hall become due and payable,	*

and be accounted to be due and payable from the feaft of the

nativity of Saint John Baptift, one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, until and for the feaft of Saint Michael the archangel then next following, quarterly, and from thenceforth half-yearly videlicet, on the feaft of the annunciation of the blefled Virgin Adory* and the feaft of Saint Michael the archangel in every year, by even and equal portions, and at the refpe&ivc rates before-mentioned, until the redemption thereof by parliament, according to the provifoes and powers of redemption hereafter in this adt contained in that behalf.

VI.	Provided always, and it is hereby enabled by the autho- Deficiencies lily aforefaid. That if at any time or times hereafter, any de- how made j fioency or deficiencies (hall happen in the produce of all or any S00^*

of the feveral duties, revenues, and incomes, charged with the joint ftock of the (aid South-Sea annuities as aforefaid, and at-ftndant on the faid remaining ftock, and the faid allowances for charges of management, to be continued to the faid South-Sea company in their own right as aforefaid, therf and in every foch cafe fo happening, the faid joint ftock of South-Sea annuities, in refpedt of their faid yearly fund, (hall from time to time bear one moiety or half-part of every fuch deficiency, until the fame (hall be provided for and made good by authority of parliament, and no more; any thing in this adt, or any former law, ftatute or provifion whatfoever to the contrary not-withftanding.

VII.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby enadted by the authority Q. c aforefaid. That the proportional (hare and (hares, which all and ,+j^neVyx*. every perfon and perfons, body and bodies politick and corpo- to be written fate, upon fuch division and reparation as aforefaid, (hall have off from com-and be entitled unto of or in the faid joint ftock of South-Sea Pa"y'» *>ook$, annuities, (hall after the faid twenty fourth day of June one ^n-wkdg-11* thouland (even hundred and twenty three, be written o(F from ers, &c.

die prefent books of the faid company, into a new ledger or ledgers, with the proportional annuity and annuities, which in purfuance of this adt, are to attend the fame (hare and (hares jefpedHvely, with proper debits and credits, fo that the fame annuities intended to be founded on this adt may be known and deertsined, and the future transfers, and other legal difpofitions thereof, or of any part or parcel, parts or parcels of the fame, may from time to time plainly appear and be infpected.

Vni. And it is hereby enacted. That as well the faid South- Annuities, lea annuities, intended to be founded on this act, and all and &c. tax-free, every the principal fums for which the faid feveral South-Sea annuities arc to be payable, and whereupon they (hall be com-

C 3	puted

Tobeperfonal eftates, and

fiot liable to ortign attachments, See.

Principal monies in annuities, See. to be deemed capital or joint flock, Sec.

And arguable.

An office to be kept in London for entry of alignments, &c.

No flamp-

duties on /transfers. Sec,

Anno nono Georgii I. c.6?	[1722^

puted purfuant to this aft, and every of them, (hall be free fronj

all taxes, charges and impofitions whatfoever.

IX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid; That all and every the perfons and corporations whatfoever, who dial! be entitled to any of the faid South-Sea annuities, td be founded on this aft as aforefaid, and all perfons and corporations lawfully claiming under them refpeftively, (hall be pot-fefled thereof as a perfonal eftate, and the fame (hall not be dependable to the heir, and (hall not be liable to any foreign attachment by the cuftom of London or otherwife; any law, ftatutd, or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

X.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That all the principal monies in tne faid joint flock of the South-Sea annuities for which the faid feveral and refpeftive annuities (hall purfuant to this aft be payable as aforefaid, (half be deemed, reputed and taken to be one capital or joint (lock* on which the fame annuities (hall be attending; and that all and every perfon and perfons, body and bodies politick and corporate, in proportion to fuch their refpeftive South-Sea annuities, (hall have and be deemed, reputed and taken to have a (hare in ifuch flock$ and that the fame capital or joint (lock, or any (hare or (hares therein, and the proportional annuity and abnuitiefc attending th^fame, (hall be aflignable and transferable as (hii aft direfts, and not otherwife; and that the faid company, commonly called the South-Sea company, (hall caufe to be con-ftantly kept, within feme convenient place within the city of London, an office and a book or books, in which all affigmn&itk or transfers of the faid (lock of South-Sea annuities as aforefaid* and of the proportional annuities attending * the fame, or any part or parcel, parts or parcels thereof, (hall be fairly entrea and regiftred, which entry (hall be contrived in proper words for that purpofe, and (hall be (igned by the parties making fbch affignments or transfers, or (if the party be abfent) by his, hef or their attorney thereunto lawfully authorized by writing under his, her or tneir hands and feals, to be attefted by two of tnore credible witnefles; and that the perfon or perfons, to whom fuch transfers (hall be made, do underwrite his, her efr their acceptance thereof; and that no other method of aligning or transferring the (aid (lock and annuities to attend the fame, or any part thereof, or any intereft therein, (hall be good and available in law: provided always, That any perfon or perfons poflefled of fuch Sottth-Sea annuity or annuities as aforefaid, or any intereft therein, may bequeath the fame by will in writing, attefted by two or more credible witnefles, but that fuch legatee (hall receive no payment thereupon, till fo much of the mid will as relates to fuch South-Sea annuity or annuities, be entred in the office laft mentioned ; and in default of fuch tranf-fer or bequeft, the flock and annuity or annuities attending th$ fame, (hall go to the executors or administrators.

XI.	And it is hereby enafted by the authority aforefaid. That no (lamp duties whatfoever, (hall be chargeable upon any the

trans-

23

ij22.]	Anno	nono	Georgii	I.	c.	6.

transfers or alfignments of the faid joint (lock of the faid South-Sea annuity, or annuities to attend the fame, or any of them.

XII.	And as for and concerning the other moiety or half-part of the faid whole capital (lock of the faid company, commonly called the South-Sea company, fo remaining and continued to the faid South-Sea company as their capital (lock, and all fums fettled and allowed, or to be fettled and allowed for management as aforefaid, with all the other benefits, profits of trade, privileges and advantages whatfoever belonging to the faid company before the making of this ad; be it enaded by the authority a-forefaid. That the faid South-Sea company (hall, from and af- South Sea ter the faid twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hun- company.after

dred and twenty th ree, continue to have, receive and enjoy, and ,	. , .	.	J	1	,	.	.	*	,	.	J* t . to receive tne

be entitled to have, receive and enjoy, at the exchequer, m their refidue of an-

own right, the refidue of the faid annuities or yearly funds, nuities, See. at computed in the whole to one million fix hundred fifty one thou- the exchequer fand feven hundred and thirty pounds ten (hillings and ten pencet! a halfpenny per annum, till the faid feaft of the nativity of Saint17179 John Baptijl one thoufand feven hundred and twenty feven, and to amount afterwards to one million three hundred fifty two thoufand ninety nine pounds fix (hillings and eleven pence halfpenny/rr annum, till redemption by parliament as aforefaid; which Aid refidue, till the faid feaft ot the nativity of Saint John Baptift one thoufand feven hundred and twenty (even, is com* puted at eight hundred and fix thoufand fix hundred fixty eight pounds nine (hillings and a penny farthing, as is before mentioned, and afterwards is to be computed after the rate of four pounds per centum per annumy till redemption as aforefaid, as the annuity or yearly fund to attend the faid remaining moiety or half-part of the laid capital ftock, hereby intended to be continued in the faid South-Sea company as aforefaid, till the redemption thereof by parliament as aforefaid; and (hall aho have, receive and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this adt to have, receive and enjoy, the faid whole fums of eight thoufand pounds per outturn, and one thoufand three hundred ninety feven pounds nine (hillings and fix pence per annumy already fettled for charges of management, and all other fums to be allowed for charges of management as aforefaid, during the continuance thereof; and (hall be aifo entitled to hold, eXercife and enjoy all the profits of trade, and other privileges and advantages belonging to the faid company, before the making of this adt; and that all and every the members and proprietors, having any (hare or (hares on the faid twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, in the faid remaining moiety or half-part of the laid capital ftock, to be continued in the laid South-Sea company as aforefaid, his, her and their executors, adminiftrators, fuccel-ibrsand afiigns refpedlively, (hall have and be Entitled to proportional (hares of and in the fud annuities or yearly funds attending the fame, and alfo all benefits of trade and other benefits, iJM *11 dividends, profits and advantages whattbever, belonging

C 4	and

Anno nono Georgii I. c. 6.	[1722.

and remaining in the faid South-Sea company, and the faid allowances made and to be made for charges of management. p . XIII. And it is hereby further ena&ed by the authority afore-to thc^sSth- faid. That as well the faid company, called the South-Sea com-Sea company, pany, and their general courts, their courts of directors and Ac.	fub-committees, and all their officers and minifters whatfoever,

for the time being, as alfo all the refpe&ive members of the lame company, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors and af-figns for the time being, in refpcCt of the faid remaining moiety or half-part of the faid capital (lock, to be continued in the faid company as aforefaid, and in refpeCt of the faid refidue of the faid annuities or yearly funds attending the fame moiety or half-part, and in refpeCt of the faid allowances made and to be made for charges of management, and in refpeCl of all the feveral (hares and interefts of the faid members and proprietors, of and in the fame and every of them, and in refpeft of all dividends, profits and advantages belonging and remaining to the faid South-Sea company, (hall and may have, exercife and execute, and (hall be entitled by force and virtue of this aCl, to have, exercife and execute all fuch and the like powers and authorities and. capacities, and to have, receive and enjoy fuch and the like freedoms, immunities, exemptions from taxes and other exemptions and privileges, and fuch and the like benefits of trade, and other benefits, profits and advantages (other than in cafes touching which other provifions or directions are hereafter made and given in and by this aft) as the faid South-Sea .company, or their general courts, their courts of directors, fub-committees, their officers or minifters, or the members of the fame company, their executors, adminiftrators, fuccefiors or afligns refpeftively, might have exercifed or executed, or might have had, received or enjoyed, if this a<5t had not been made; fubjeft neverthelefs to fuch and the like reftriftions, rules and directions, as they refpeft-ively were fubjeCt to before the making of this aCt; and all and every the powers, authorities, privileges, freedoms, immunities, exemptions, benefits of trade, and other benefits, profits and advantages, and all pains of death, penalties, forfeitures and dif-abilities, and all reftriCtions, rules and directions, and all claufes, conftitutions, by-laws, matters and things whatfoever, which were enaCted, or lawfully provided or eftabli(hed, in, by or pur-fuant to any aCt or aCts of parliament, laws, (latutes or provifions whatfoever, which were in force, at or until the time of the mak;ngof this aCt, for the better fecuringthe whole capital flock of the faid South-Sea company, or for fecuring and paying their whole annuities or yearly funds at the exchequer, by weekly or * other payments, or for, touching or concerning the affigning or transferring the fame, or any fhares therein, or for payment of the faid allowances for charges of management or for preventing or punifhing the forging or counterfeiting any transfer or transfers, affignment or affignments, or any powers relating thereunto, or for fecuring the trade of the faid South-Sea company, or for any matter or thing whatfoever relating to the faid company,

or

2

*5

1722.]	Anno	nonoGEORGii I. c. 6.

or the members thereof, are and (hall, by force and virtue of this aft, be revived and continued, and be praftifed and put in execution, in refoeft of the faid remaining moiety or half-part of the faid capital (tock, hereby intended to be continued, and in rcfpeft of the faid refidue of the annuities or yearly funds, hereby enacted to attend the fame, and the allowances made and to be made for management as aforefaid, and in refpeft of the feve-ral (hares and interefts of the members of the fame company for the time being, of and in the fame moiety or half-part, and of w and in the yearly funds, benefits, dividends, profits and advantages attending the fame, as fully and effectually to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, as if all and every the faid powers, authorities, privileges, immunities, exemptions, benefits of trade, and other benefits, profits and advantages, reftriftions, rules and directions were again repeated and particularly re-enaCted in the body of this prefent aCt, other than and except in fuch cafes, touching which other provifions or directions hereafter made and given in and by this aft.

XIV.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaCted by the autho- South-Sea rity aforefaid. That if, at any time or times hereafter, any defi- company to ciency or deficiencies fhall happen in the produce of all or any bJaij.a n'0,ct7 the fevcral duties, revenues and incomes charged with the faid 2;Cg cicn" joint (lock of the South-Sea annuities, and attendant on the faid ’ remaining ftock, and the faid allowances for charges of management, to be continued to the faid South-Sea company in their

own right as aforefaid, then, and in every fuch cafe fo happening, the faid South-Sea company, upon account and in refpeft of the remaining ftock and the allowances to be continued to them in their own right as aforefaid, (hall, from time to time, bear ono moiety or half-part of every fuch deficiency, until the fame fhall be provided for and made jgood by authority of parliament, and no more; any thing in this aft, or any former law, ftatute or provifion whatfoever to the contraiy notwithftanding.

XV.	And be it further enaftea by the authority aforefaid, Not to incur That the faid company, commonly called the South-Sea com- eligibility for pany, or any member thereof, (hall not incur any difability for f^i^in ^ur-or by reafon of their doing any matter or thing in purfuance of fuinfe* o^this this aft; nor (hall the prefent governor, fub-governor, or deputy- a6t, &c. governor, nor any of the prefent directors, be deemed to be dif-qualified to continue governor, fub-governor, deputy-governor

or direftors, after the reparation or divifion of the faid capital (hall have taken place, for or by reafon of their not having remaining in their own refpeftive names or right, fo much capital ftock of the faid company, as they before the making of this aft were required to have for the qualification of fuch governor, fub-governor, deputy-governor or direftors refpeftively, fo as filch governor, fub-governor, deputy-governor or direftor re-(jpeftively, (hall have and continue in his own name and right,

Jo much of the faid joint ftock of South-Sit7 annuities, as, together with the South-Sea ftock remaining in hi6 own name and right, (hall make up the fum ini (lock, which before the making

of

Anno nono Georgii I. c. 6.	[1722;

of this aft was requifite for fuch refpeftive qualification, according to the charter of the faid company, or any by-laws made in purfuance thereof.

XVI.	Provided always, and it is hereby enafted by the autho-mcnt ^Ppar- r**y af°refa^. That at any time after the faid feaft of the nati-liamcnt of the of Saint John Baptiji which (hall be in the year of our Lord capital fum of one thoufand feven hundred and twenty feven, upon repayment 3 3,*01,4831. by parliament to the faid company, commonly called the South-penny'afteria ^ea conrlPany> °f the fowl whole principal or capital fum of thir-June 1717, to4 ty three millions eight hundred two thoufand (our hundred eigh-the company, tv three pounds fourteen (hillings and one halfpenny, that is to &c. annuities fey. The fum of fixtcen millions nine hundred and one thou-cheauer^t W ^ant*two hundred f°rty onc pounds feventcen (hillings one far-ccSU&c.° thing, being one moiety or half-part of the (aid whole principal *	or capital fum, for the ufe of fuch perfon and perfons, body and

bodies politick and corporate, as (hall then be proprietors of the faid joint dock of South-Sea annuities to be founded on this aft, according to the (hares and intered which they refpeftively (bail then have therein; and the remaining (ixteen millions nine hundred one thoufand two hundred forty one pounds feventeen (hillings and one farthing, being the other moiety or half part thereof, for the ufe and account of the faid capital dock, remaining and to be continued to the company in their own right as afore-faid, and upon payment of all arrears which (hall then be due for or upon the faid annuities or yearly funds payable at the exchequer attending the fame refpeftively as aforefaid, and upon payment of all arrears of the faid yearly fums, allowed or to be allowed to the faid company for their own ufe, for charges of management as aforefaid; (all which arrears, if any fuch be, (hall be cqmputed and paid to the Quarterly fcaft-day then next preceding, and from thence (hall be computed and paid by the day, till the time of fuch full payment made) then the faid yearly annuities or funds payable at the exchequer to the faid company Jn truft for the faid South-Sea annuitants, and in their own rights refpeftively as aforefaid; as alfo the faid yearly fums to be allowed for charges of management as aforefaid, and every of them How annui-	^rom	thenceforth	ceafe	and	determine,

tics, See. pay-" XVII. And in regard it is intended, that at any time or times after able at the ex- the faid feajt of the nativity of Saint John Baptift in the year of our chequer, See. £orj one thoufand feven hundred and twenty feveny the principal or prmwrtion^o fum tota^ °f	caP^°l	amounting	to	thirty	three	millions	eight

poniesp°aid in hundred two thoufand four hundred eighty three pounds fourteen JbiU part of princi- lings and one halfpenny Jhall be fatisfied to the faid company, called the pal, fhallceafe. South-Sea company, by any payments not being lefs than five hundred thoufand pounds at a time; and that as the fame principal money Jhall be Jo paid offy fuch IcJJer payments Jhall, from time to timey be applied, either towards difeharging the faid principal fums which Jhall then belong to the faid South-Sea company in their own right, or towards difeharging the faid principal fums of the faid South-Sea annuities, or towards difehargingy as well the faid principal fums of the faid companyy as alfo of the faid South-Sea annuitieSy in fuch propor-. fms, ma/mr ana form as Jhall be preferibed by the refpeftive aft or

aftf

*7

2721*]	Anno	nono Georgii I. c. 6.

#17* of parliament for furnifbing fuch lejfer fums\ and that, as the fame principal monies Jball be paid off, the refpeftive annuities or yearly funds payable, to the faid South-Sea company at the excche-qucr, tn their own right or in truft as aforefaid, /hall, from time to time, proportionally Jink and be abated; be it therefore further provided and enacted by the authority aforefaid. That at any time or times after the faid fcaft of the nativity of Saint John Baptift one thoufand feveti hundred and twenty feven, on repayment by parliament to the faid South-Sea company, of any fum or fums of money, not being lefs than five hundred thou-(and pounds at a time,* in part of the principal monies of the faid capital (lock of thirty three millions eight hundred two thoufand four hundred eighty three pounds fourteen (hillings and one halfpenny, to be applied according to fuch future alt or alts of parliament as aforefaid, and upon payment of all arrears, which (hall then be due, for or upon die fame yearly annuities or funds, payable at the exchequer as aforefaid, or upon any part thereof, or fo much of the faid arrears as (hall bear a proportion to the principal fums then remaining unfatisfied to the faid annuitants and the faid company in their owri right refpcltively, and upon payment of all arrears then due of the faid yearly allowances fQr management, for the foie ufe and account of the faid company (ail which faid arrears, if any fuch be, (hall be computed and paid to the quarterly feaft-day then next preceding, and from thence (hall be computed and paid by the day, till the time-offuch payment made in part as aforefaid) then from and after every luch payment fo made, fo much of the faid annuities or yearly folds payable at the exchequer, as (hall bear proportion to the monies io paid in part of the principal, (hall ceafe, determine and be abated; any thing in this or any former alt or alls of parliament contained, or other matter or thing whatfoever to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVIII.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the redemption of the

bid capital or principal fums, amounting to thirty three millions	reve-*

eight hundred two thoufand four hundred eighty three pounds nucs applica-fourteen (hillings and one halfpenny, and the faid feveral yearly bletheretofhall funds or fums payable at the exchequer, according to the (cvcral underftood and refpeltive provifoes and conditions of redemption in this alt *4 pacrj^J contained for that purpofe, then, and not till then, fo much of meat, &c. the feveral duties, revenues and incomes as are by this alt applicable thereunto, during the continuance thereof, (hall be un-derftood to be redeemed by parliament, and (hall not be ifliied or applied to any ufe or purpofe without authority of parliament.

XIX.	And whereas by an aft of parliament pajfcd in the eighth g Qeo.i. c %1w

year of his Majefty's reign, intituled, An alt to enable the South- provirlon* for-Sea company to difpofe of the effelts in their hands by way of merly made a-lottery or fubfeription, or to fell part of their fund or annuity painit requir-payable at the exchequer, in order to pay the debts of the faid	^

company, and for relief of fuch, who were intended to have the timid.' benefit of a late alt, touching payment of ten per centum tlierein

*8	Anno nono Georgii I. c. 7*	[1722;

mentioned; it was amongft other things enafted, That no Jpedal bail Jhould be required in arty aftion or fuit, brought or to be brought upon any contract made or entred into, fince the firft day of December one thoufand /even hundred and nineteen, and before the firft day of December one thoufand feven hundred and twenty, for or concerning the fate or purchafe of any flock of the South-Sea company, of delivery of any intereft or receipt in any fubfcription taken in by the corporation of the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South-Seas and other parts in America, and for encouraging the fijhery, or any other company or corporation, or pretended company or corporation whatfoever, until the firft day of March which Jball be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two: and whereas it is thought netejfary, that the faid provi-fion made by the faid aft Jhould be continued feme time longer; be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That no fpecial bail (hall be required in any aftion or fuit brought or to be brought upon any fuch contraft, for any fuch (lock or intereft as aforefaid, until the firll day of March one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three.

CAR VII.

An aft for amending the laws relating to the fettlment, employment and relief of the poor.

WHEREAS by cm aft of parliament, made and pqffed in the third and fourth years of the reign of their late majefties c. u. i. ii. jfixg William and Sueen Mary, it was provided, That in every parijb a book or books J&ould be kept, wherein the namei of all perfons, who did or might receive colie ftions Jhould be regtfired, with the time when they were firft admitted to fuch relief and the occafion which brought them under that neceflity, and that no fuch perfon Jhould be allowed to have or receive collection at the charge of the parijb, hut by authority, or under the hand of one juftice of peace refiding in fuch parijb, or if none there dwelling, in the parts near or next adjoining, or by order of the juftices at their quarter-ftflions, except in cafe of pefttlential difeafes, plague or fmall-pox: and whereas under colour of the provifo in the faid aft, many perjons have applied to fonk juftices of peace, without the knowledge of any officers of the parijb,, and thereby, upon untrue fuggeftions, and fometimes upon falfe or frivolous pretences, have obtained relief which hath greatly contributed to the encreafe of the parijb-rates: for remedy whereof, be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament aflemblcd, and by the authority of the No poor to be famc> That ^°m and a^ter twenty fifth day of March which jelieved till (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand (even hundred and oath made of twenty three, no juftice of peace (hall order relief to any poor a reasonable perfon dwelling in any parifh, until oath be made before fuch caofc, juftice of fome matter which he (hall judge to be a reafonable caufe or ground for having fuch relief, and that the fame perfon had by himfelf, herfelf or fome other, applied for relief to the pariftiionersof the parifh, at fopae yeftry or other publick meet-

. ing

1722.]	Anno	nono	Georgii I. c.7.	29

ing of the faid parifhioners, or to two of the overfeers of the poor of fuch parifh, and was by them refufed to be relieved, and until fuch juftice hath fummoned two of the overfeers of the poor to (hew caufe why fuch relief (hould not be given, and the perfon fo fummoned hath been heard or made default to appear before fuch juftice; any thing in the faid provifo, or any uw to the contrary notwithftanding.

II.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That the perfon whom any fuch juftices of peace (hall think

fit to order to be relieved, (hall be entred in fuch book or books longer than fo to be kept by the parifh, as one of thofe who is to receive the caufe con-colle&ion, as long as the caufe for fuch relief continues, and no tinues. longer; and that no officer of any parifh (hall (except upon Hidden and emergent occafions) bring to the account of the parifh any monies he (hall give to any poor perfon of the fame parifh, who is not regiftred in fuch book or books to be kept by the faid parifh, as a perfon entitled to receive colle&ion, on pain of forfeiting the fum of five pounds, to be levied by diftrefs and fale, by warrant of any two or more juftices of the peace of the fame county., who (hall have examined into and found him guilty of fuch offence; which faid fum (hall be applied to and for the ufe of the poor of the faid parifh, by direction of the faid juftice or juftices of the peace.

III.	And for the greater eafe of juftices of the peace, whom jivdi* his Majefty or his fucceffors hath or (hall by commiflion autho- {ng out of a rize to adt as a juftice of the peace for any county of this realm; county, may be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That if any fuch juftice grant ^ar-

of peace (hall happen to dwell in any city, or other precinlt thatrant,> “c# is a county of itfelf, fituate within the county at large, for which he (hall be appointed juftice of peace, although not within the fame county, it (hall and may be lawful for any fuch juftice of peace to grant warrants, take examinations, and make orders for any matters, which any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace may aft in, at his own dwelling-houfe, altho’ fuch dwell-ing-houfe be out of the county where he is authorized to aft as a juftice of peace, and in fome city or other precin<5t adjoining, that is a county of itfelf; and that all fuch warrants, orders and other aft or afts of any juftice of peace, and the act or a fts of any conftable, tithingman, headborough, overfeer of the poor, fur-veyor of the highways or other officer, in obedience to any fuch warrant or order, (hall be as valid, good and effeftual in the law, although it happen to be out of the limits of the proper precinft or authority: provided always. That nothing in this aft contained (hall extend to give power to the juftices of peace for the counties at large, to hold their general quartcr-fcflions of the peace in the cities or towns which are counties of thcmfclves, nor to impower juftices of peace, (heriffs, bailiffs, conftables, beadboroughs, tithingmen, borfholdcrs or any other peace-officers of the counties at large, to aft or intermeddle in any matters or things arifing within the cities or towns which are counties of thcmfelves, but that all fuch actings and doings (hall be

go	Anno nono Georgii I. c. yl	[<722,

of the fame force and effedt in law, and none other, as rf this ad had never been made.

IV.	And for the greater eafe of parilhes in the relief pf the Churchward- poor> be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it purchdfe^c. and may be lawful for the churchwardens and overfeers of houfestoiodge the poor in apy pari(h, town, townihip or place, with theconfent or employ the of the major part of the parifhioners or inhabitants of the fame poor in. parifh, town, townihip or place, in veftry, or other parilh or publick meeting for that purpofe aflembled, or of fo many of them as (hall be fo aflembled, upon ufual notice thereof firft gj-ven, to purchafe or hire any houfe or houfes in the fame parifh, townihip or place, and to contrad with any perfon or pHbnar for the lodging, keeping, maintaining and employing any or all fuch poor in their refpedive parilhes, townfhips or places, as (hall defire to receive relief or collection from the fame parilh, and there to keep, maintain and employ all fuch poor perfons^ and take the benefit of the work, labour and fervice of any fuch poor perfon or perlons, who (hall be kept or maintained in any fuch houfe or houfes* for the better maintenance and relief of fuch poor perfon or perfons, who (hall be there kept or maintained $ and in cafe any poor perfon or perfons of any parifti, town, townihip or place, where fuch houfe or houfes (hall be fo purchafed or hired, (hall refufe to be lodged, kept or maintained Poorrefufing in fuch houfe or houfes, fuch poor perfon or perfons fo refilling &c^L%notm- ke p«t out of the book or books where the names of the titled to relief, perfons, who ought to receive collection in the faid parilh, town, townihip or place, are to be regifired, and (hall not be entitled to a(k or receive collection or relief from the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor of the fame parilh, town or townihip; and where any parilh, town or townihip (hall be too fmall to pur-bcin ^toofmaU c^a^e or **J*re houfe or houfes for the poor of their own forluch par- Parifh only, it (hall and may be lawful for two or more fuch chafe,twomay parilhes, towns or townfhips or places, with the confent of the unite, &c. major part of the parilhioners or inhabitants of their refpedtive parilhes, town, townihip or places, in veflry or other parilh or publick meeting for that purpofe aflembled, or of fo many of them as (hall be fo aflembled, upon ufual notice thereof firft gi-* ven, and with the approbation of any juftice of peace dwelling in or near any fuch parilh, town or place, lignified under his hand and leal, to unite in purchafing, hiring, or taking fuch houfe, for the lodging,keeping and maintaining or the poor of the feverat parilhes, townfhips or places fo uniting, and there to keep, maintain and employ the poor of the refpedtive parilhes fo uniting, and to take and have the benefit of the work,labour or fervice of any poof there kept and maintained, for the better maintenance and relief of the poor there kept, maintained and employed; and that if any poor perfon or perfons in the refpedtivc parilhes,townfhips or places fo uniting, (hall refufe to be lodged, kept and maintained in the houfe, hired or taken for fuch uniting parilhes, townlhips or places, he, (he or they fo refufing, (hall be put out of the colledtion-book, where his, fier or their names were regiftred, and (hall not be entitled to alk or demand relief or collection from the church-

war-

3l

1722.] Anno nono Georgii I. c.7.

wardens and overfeers of the poor in their refpe&ive parUhes, townlhips or places; and that it (hall and may be lawful for the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor of any parifh, townfhip or place, with the confent of the major part of the parHhion-1 ers or inhabitants of the faid parifh, townfhip or place where | fuch houfe or houfes is, are, or (hall be purchafed or hired for j the purpofes aforefaid, in veflry, or other parifh or publick Churchward-1 meeting, for that purpofe aflembled, or of fo many of them as ens,&c. of one (hall be fo aflembled, upon ufual notice thereof firft given, to con- P1”**1 "W. trad with the church-wardens and overfeers of thfe poor of any thofeof an-other parifh, townfhip or place, for the lodging, maintaining other, Sec. or employing, of any poor perfon or perfons of fuch other pa-rilh, townfhip or place, as to them (hall feeui meet; and in cafe any poor perfon or perfons of fuch other parifh, townfhip or place, (hall refufe to be lodged, maintained and employed in 1 fuch houfe or houfes, he, (he or they fo refufing, (hall be put out of the colle£tion-book of fuch other parifh, townfhip or place, where his, her or their names were regiflred, and (hall not be entitled to afk, demand or receive any relief or collection from the church-wardens and overfeers of the poor of his, her or their refpe&ive parifh, townfhip or place: provided always,

That no poor perfon or perfons, his, her or their apprentice, be as before child or children, (hall acquire a fettlement in the parifh, town removal, or place, to which he, (he or they are removed by virtue of this a&, but that his, her or their fettlement, (hall be and remain in fuch parifh, town or place, as it was before fuch removal; any thing in this a£l to the contrary notwithflanding.

V.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

. That from and after the twenty fifth day of March which (hall

be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and | twenty three, no perfon or perfons (hall be deemed, adjudged ' or taken, to acquire or gain any fettlement in any parifh or Settlement, place, for or by virtue of any purchafe of any eftate of intereft in .how to be ac-fuch parifh or place, whereof the confideration for fuch purchafe qjjired by pur-doth not amount to the fum of thirty pounds, bona fide paid, for chafe* any longer or further time than fuen perfon or perfons (hall in-hab it in fuch eflate, and (hall then be liable to be removed to fuch parifh or place, where fuch perfon or perfons were lafl legally fettled, before the faid purchafe and inhabitancy therein.

VI.	And be it further cna&ed by the authority aforefaid.

That no perfon or perfons whatfoever, who from and after the twenty fifth day of March in the year of our Lord one thoufand

feven hundred and twenty three, (hall be taxed, rated or afTefTed paving taxes to the fcavengcr or repairs of the highway, and (hall duly pay the to the fcaven-feme, (hall be deemed or taken to have any legal fettlement in £erj Sams 110 any city, parifh, town or hamlet, for or by rcaibn of his, her orlcltlci,lcilt* their paying to fiich feavenger’s rate or repairs of the highway as aforefaid; any law to the contrary in any wife notwithflanding.

VII.	And whereas there was a claufe in the ftatute made in the

eighth and ninth years of bis late majefiy Kfrg William the Third, 8 & 9 W. 5. itfitukd, An a St for the fupplyiog feme defeats in the law for the c. so.

re-

}

Juftice of St. Peter and Hundred of Naflaborough in Northamp-tonfhire may determine ap ■ peals.

Reafonable notice is to be given of appeals.

Juftices, how to relieve the appellant on undue removals.

Anno nono Georgii I. c.7.	[17**,

relief of the poor of this kingdom, whereby it was enafted9 That after the firft day of May one thoufand fix hundred ninety feven, all appeals againfi any order for the removing of any poor per-fonSy Jhould be heard at the quarter-feJJions of the county or divifion9 wherein the parijh or place 9from whence fuch perfon Jhould be remov-ed, doth lie, and not elfewhere9 except the liberty of Saint Albans5 be it enalted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful for the juftices of tne peace, within the liberty of the borough of Saint Peter and hundred of Najfaborough in the county of Northampton, to hear and determine all appeals to them made, againft any order made for removal of any poor ■ perfon, in their quarter*feflions, as they might have done before the making of the faid laft mentioned aft; any thing therein or in this prcfcnt alt contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

VIII.	And whereas feveral difputes and controverfies have arifen and been concerning the time of notice to be given of appeals from orders of removals of poor perJons9 to prevent the fame, as much a9* may be for the future, be it enalted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid twenty fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, no appeal or appeals from any order or orders of removal of any poor perfon or per-fons whatfoever from any parifti or place to another, (hall be proceeded upon in any court or quarter-feffions, untefs reafonable notice be given by the church-wardens or overfeers of the poor of fuch parifti or place, who (hall make fuch appeal, unto the church-wardens or overfeers of the poor of fuch parifti or place, from which fuch poor perfon or perfons (hall be removed, the reafonablenefs of which notice (hall be determined by the juftices of the peace at the quarter-feffions, to which the appeal is made; and if it (hall appear to them that reafonable time of notice was not given, then they (hall adjourn the faid appeal to the next quarter-feffions, and then and there finally hear and determine the fame.

IX.	And for the preventing vexatious removals, be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the twenty fourth day of June in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, if the juftices of the peace (hall, at their quarter-feffions, upon an appeal before them there had concerning the fcttlement of any poor perfon, determine in favour of the appellant, that fuch poor perfon or perfons was or were unduly removed, that then the faid juftices (hall, at the fame quarter-feffions, order and award to fuch appellant fo much money, as (hall appear to the faid juftices to have been reafon-ably paid by the parifti, or other place, on whofe behalf fuch appeal was made for or towards the relief of fuch poor perfon or perfons, between the time of fuch undue removal, and the determination of fuch appeal; the faid money fo awarded to be re-* covered in the fame manner, as cofts and charges upon an appeal are preferibed to be recovered by the faid ftatute made in the ninth year of his late majefty King William the Third, intituled.

1722.]	Anno nono Georgii L c. 8.	33

tituled, An aft for fupplying fome difefts in the laws for the relief* & 9 W. 3. of the poor of this Kingdom.	c* 3°*

GAP. VIII.

ifo aft for continuing fome laws, ahd reviving others therein mentioned> /<?r exempting apothecaries from ferving parijh and ward offices* and upon juries; relating to jurors;

/* /£* payment of feamens wages, */£* prefervation of nerval ft ores, andftores of war \ and concerning the militia and trophy-mOney \ and againft clandeftine running of uncuftomed goods* and for more effeftual preventing frauds relating to the cufioms* and frauds in mixing filk with fluffs to be exported.

WHEREAS the laws herein after mentioned (which have by experience been found ufeful and beneficial) are near expiring Or expired\ may it therefore pleafe your Majefty, that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent ma-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual ana temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament, af-fcmbled, and by the authority of the fame. That an a& made in the iixth and feventh years of the reign of his late majefty King 6 & 7 W. William the Third, intituled, An aft for exempting apothecaries from c* ftrving the offices of conftable, fcavenger, and other parijh and ward offices, and from ferving upon juries, which aft by fubfequent a&s is continued, and being temporary, and near expired, (hall be, and is hereby made perpetual.

II. And whereas in an aft made in the fourth and fifth years of the reign of their late majejlies King William and Queen Mary, in- 4&5 W.dcMj tituled, An a6t for reviving, continuing and explaining, feveral c* **• laws therein mentioned, which are expired and near expiring, there are feveral good claufes and provtfions relating to jurors, which were made temporary, and were afterwards continued by fubfequent efts; and the faid claufes and pnrvifions, as well as feveral other daufes and proviftons, relating to the returns and fervice of jurors, made in an aft of the third and fourth years of the reign of her late 3&j.Ajin.c.i&. majefty Queen Anne (For making perpetual an aft for mote eafy recovery ojfmall tithes, and for other purpofes therein mentioned,) are further continued by an aft of the tenth year of the reign of her faid late Majefty (For reviving and continuing feveral afts therein men- *° Ann. c. 14*' tioned) but being near expiring* be it enacted by the authority a- Geo" *• fore&id, That all the faid claufes and provifions relating to ju- 6Geo.2.c.37« ron, and to the returns and fervice of jurors, (hall be and are hereby continued, and (hall be in force from the expiration thereof, for and during the fpace of feven years, and from thence to the end of the next feflion of parliament.

III.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That an made in the firft year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, iGeo.i.ftat.aI An aft to prevent diflurbances by feamen and others, and to preferve c* ibej farts belonging to his Majefty s navy royal, and alfo for exflain-. Vpli. XV.	1}	ing

Anno nono Georcii I. C. 8,	[172*!

ing an afi for the better preventing the imbezilment of his Majefy's fores of war, and preventing cheats, frauds and abufes in paying feamens wages, and for reviving and continuing an aft for the more effectual fupprejfion of piracy, as to fo much thereof as is expired, (nail be, and is hereby revived from the five and twentieth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, and made perpetual: and wheras by an aft made in the ntnth and tenth 9 & 10 W. 3. years of the reign of his late majefly King William the Thirds inti-c* 41.	tuled,	An ad for the better preventing the imbezilment of his

Majefty’s (lores of war, and preventing cheats, frauds and abufes in paying feamens wages, a penalty of two hundred pounds, with eofs of profecution and pain of imprifonment, is inf idled upon perfons having in their cufody, poffeffton or keeping, or concealing contrary to the faid afl, any warlike, naval or ordnance fores therein mentioned, or any other fores marked with the broad arrow, by famp, brand, or otherwife: and whereas it is necejfary to give power to mitigate the faid penalties, and to explain and amend the faid aft, be it enabled by the authority aforefaid,- That if any perfon or perfons ihall, after the five and twentieth day of March onet houfand feven hundred and twenty three, be lawfully convided of having in his, her or their cuflody, any timber, thick (luff or plank, marked with the broad arrow, by (lamp, brand, or otherwife, or of concealing any timber,, thick (luff* or plank fo marked, eveiy fuch perfon fo offending (hall fuffer, forfeit and pay, as for having, keeping or concealing any other warlike, naval or ordnance (lores contrary to the faid ad.

IV.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enaded. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any judge, juflice or juftices, before whom any offender or offenders ihall be convided of any of the crimes or offences before recited, enaded or mentioned in • this ad, to mitigate the penalty for the fame, as he or they ihall fee caufe, and to commit the offender or offenders fo con-vided, to the common gaol of the county or place where the offence fhall be committed, there to remain without bail or main-prize, until payment be made of the penalty and forfeiture im-pofed by this or the (aid former ad, or mitigated a9 aforefaid, or* to puniih fuch offender or offenders corporally, by caufing him, her or them to be publickly whipffed, or committed to fome publick workhoufe, there to be kept to hard labour, for the fpace of fix months, or a lefs time, as to fuch judge, juflice or juftices, in his or their difcrction (hall feem meet; any thing in the faid recited ad, or in any other ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.	And be k further enaded. That where any difpute dull arife between the perfons, upon whofe informations or oaths, $ny perfon or perfons offending in the precludes, or againft the faid former ad, (hall be profccutcd and convided, touching any right or title to any of the forfeitures or penalties before-mentioned, or any part thereof, the judge, juftice or juftices, before whom fuch offender or offenders (hall be convided, (hall examine the matter, and finally determine the dune.

VI. And

iyii-T Anno nono Georgii I. c. $. *	35

VI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That an aft made in the firft year of his prefent Majeftv’s reign, intituled, An aft for making the militia of that part of Great Britain xGeo.x.ftat.a* tailed England, more ufeful\ and for obliging mi annual account to c-*4-

be made of trophy-money, which is expired, (hall be and is hereby revived, and (hall be in force from the five and twentieth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, for ana during the fpace of feven years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament. EXP.

VII. And whereas the mujkets for foot foldiers in the militia, are iGeo.i.fhti. by the faid recited aft pref ribed to be five foot long in the barrel\ C-M- !• and the gauge of the bore for bullets of twelve to the pounds but mere convenient mujkets may in many places be provided: be it enacted.

That it (hall and may be lawful for th£ feveral lieutenants, and their deputies, in that part of Great Britain called England, to appoint the length and fize of mu(kets for foot foldiers in the fnilitia; and in cafe of fuch appointment, the mufkets fo to be appointed, (hall be provided, inftead of thofe before-mentioned, with fuch other arms and accoutrements, as are directed by the (aid aft, under the penalties therein mentioned ; any thing in die faid aft, or any former aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

VIII.	And whereas by an aft made in the fifth year of his prefent 5 Geo.i. c. n, Majeflfs reign, intituled, An aft againft clandeftine running of ttneuftomed goods, and for the more effeftual preventing of

frauds relating to the cuftoms, fiveral claufes therein mentioned,, were to have continuance for the term of three years, from the feveral times of commencement thereof ana from thence to the end of the then next fejfion of parliament refpeftively, which are near* expiring^ and it hath been found by experience, that feveral of the faid claufes are necejjary to be continued, to prrjent frauds, which might other-wife be praflifed to the prejudice of the revenue and fair trade: be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That fo much of the faid 3* aft as relates to fuch foreign goods, wares and merchandizes, as dial) be taken in at fea out of any (hip or veflel, in order to be landed or put into any other (hip, veflel or boat; and fo much 1 of the (aid aft as relates to goods not reported, and found after Seft. 4. clearing (hips, and fo much of the faid aft as provides further remedies againft relanding goods prohibited to be wprn in this kingdom, and foreign goods (hipped out for parts beyond the se£t. 6. fe*s, and fo much of the faid aft as relates to the opening or altering the package of goodstm board (hips outward-bound, and Seft.7. fo much of the laid act as relates to hovering (hips or vcflfels of the burthen of fifty tuns, or under, and fo much of the faid aft Scft. *•

?s concerns the bales or package in which coffee (hall be exported, as was to continue in force for three years, from the twen- Seft. 10. ty fifth day of Manh one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen, and to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, and fo much of the faid aft as relates to rum imported in caiks or vef- seft. %• fels, not containing twenty gallons at‘the leaft, which was to continue in force for three years, from the twenty ninth day of September one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen, and to the

D 2	rod

3$	Anno norto Georg* i I. c. 9;	[1722#

end of the then next feflkm of parliament, and fo much of the Se£t. 5. faid aft as relates to certificate-goods entred in order to be exported to Ireland, which was to continue in force for three years, from the firft day of May one thoufand feven hundred and nine-Fartber conti- teen, and to the end of the then next feifion of parliament, (hall mudtyioGto. be continued and be in force, and put in praftice foir the pur-*• c* +7. pofes therein mentioned, from and after the expiration of the fe-veral and refpeftive terms before-mentioned, for and during the fpace of five years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament. See 2 Geo. 2. c. 28.

SGeo.r. c.*5- IX. And whereas in and by an a ft of parliament made in the left. 3. eighth year of his prefent Majefy (for encouragement of the Jilk ma-nufaftures of this kingdom, and for other purpofes therein mentioned) certain allowances or fums of money are to be paid to the exporters of fluffs made in Great Britain, or filks and grogram yam, and al/b of TbeFetwolafi	ma^e	tn	Great Britain, mixed with incle, cotton or wor-

fccliGM areJ	us in the faid aft expreffed: and whereas it is by the faid aft

continued to	provided, that no allowance /ball be demanded or made for fuch of

*4 March	fa fajg manufaftures mixed with Jilk, when they are only mixed at

Gco i c n e^es or en^ °f Puci-> which is found by experience, not fuf-left. 4.’	3	ficient to prevent frauds and abufes in making thofe manufaftures, by

mixing fiik9 not with any deftgn to advantage the fale of the goods9 but with (in intention to obtain the bounty or allowance on the exportation^ contrary to the true intent and meaning of the faid aft : to 7lis claufe U	remedy which, abufes, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid,

enforced bj	That the faid aft, or any thing therein contained, (nail not ex-

11 GCf 4'	tenc* or he conftrued to extend to the making any allowance on

See9t Geo.3». t^e exportation of any the manufaftures aforefaid, mixt with flat. 2. c. 17. filk, except fuch, wherein at lead two third parts of the ends or feft. 10. threads of the warp (by which is meant the length of the piece) be either all (ilk, or elle mixed or twitted with filk in the warp; any thing in the faid aft to the contrary notwitlittanding.

This claufe is	X. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That

enforcedly w if any perfon or perfons (hall be found to enter or (hip any of Geo. 1. c. 29. the goods afore-mentioned, which are not mixed with the quan-3* tity of filk as is before-mentioned, fuch nerfon or perfons (hall not only forfeit the goods fo entred or (hipped, but (hall like-wife be profecuted for double the value thereof; fuch feizure and penalty to be profecuted, determined and divided in fuch manner, as other feizures or penalties are in and by the laid aft directed and appointed.

CAP. IX.

An aft for the better qualifying the manufafturers of fluffs and yarn in the city of Norwich, and liberties thereof to hear offices of magiflracy in the Jfaid city, and for regulating eleftions of fuch officers.

WHEREAS anciently the chief manufaftures in the city of Norwich and county of the fame9 were rufficls, fattens, fattens reverfes and fujl\am9 and the makers thereof were9 by an aft

made

ty**.] Anno nono Georgii I. c. 9.	37

made in the firji and fecond years of the reign of King Philip and Queen Mary, obliged to become freemen of the faid city, upon pain c**** of forfeiture of their manufactures, contrary to the faid by means whereof there was a conjlant fupply of able magifirates, and great good did accrue to the faid city in many refpeCls ; but the faid manufactures have been, for feveral years pafl, difufed, and others introduced in their ftead, the good defigns of the faid ad for the pub~ lick utility of the faid city, are wholly lojl, and the offices of magi-piracy there often fall to perfons who are not the chief manufacturers, or the moji fubftantial inhabitants \ and frequent diforders happen in their elections, occaftoning great riots and tumults: for remedy of which mifehiefs and inconveniencies, and preventing the like for the future5 may it pleafe your Majefty, that it may be en-a&ed; and be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent majefty,

Jby and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament aflemblcd, and by the authority of the fame. That all perfons who now are, pr hereafter (hall be manufacturers or makers of any fort ofManufa^U(-fluffs made of wool, or wherein there is any mixture of wool, rersofftuft and all makers of wool into yarn, who are not journeymen or to be made fervants for hire, mafter weavers and mafter wool-combers, and ft**0*®* perfons dealing or trading as fuch, or employing fervants or journeymen in any fuch manufactures, or having any intereft, ftqgk, (bare or partner (hip in any fuch manufactures, inhabiting or living in the faid city of Norwich or countv of the fame* fhall be made free of the faid city and admitted freemen thereof, as is herein after mentioned, (that is to fay) all perfons inhabiting or living in the faid city or county of the fame as a-forefaid, now being fuch manufacturers or makers of ftuffs, or makers of wool into yarn, mafter weavers, or mafter wool-combers, or dealers, or traders as fuch, or imploying fervants pr workmen in any fuch manufactures, or having any intereft, flock, (hare or partnerfhip therein as aforefaid, (hall, upon their requeft to be made at any court of mayoralty, or aflembly of the mayor* (heriffs, citizens and commonalty to be holden for the laid city, on or before the twenty fourth day of June one thou-fand feven hundred and twenty three, be admitted and made free of the faid city, paying only one and twenty (hillings for fuch admiffion and freedom; and all perfons, who hereafter (hall be fuch manufacturers in manner as aforefaid, and living or inhabiting as aforefaid, being foreigners, (hall, upon their re-jqueft, .to be made at any aflembly of the (aid corporation to be golden for the faid city, be admitted and made free of the faid city, paying a fum not exceeding five pounds for fuch admiffion and freedom, and all perfons to be admitted or made free as a-forefaid, (hall, at the time of admiffion, take the ufual oaths, or, being Quakers, (hall take the folemn affirmation to the effeCt thereof.

II. And be it enaCted by the authority aforeiaid. That if any perfon (fervants and apprentices during their fervice excepted) who npw is pr hereafter (hall be any fuch manufacturer, dealer

D 3	or

. 3$	Anno nono Georgii I. c. 9.	[17222

or trader, or other wife concerned or interefted in any of the faid manufactures as aforefaid, (hall, after the twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, prefume to ufe or exercife any of the faid manufactures, or be concerned or interefted therein in manner aforefaid, not being admitted and made free as aforefaid, every perfon fo offending being lawfully convicted upon a profecution to be commenced within fix months Dealers herein after the fatt committed, (hall forfeit the fum of ten pounds for „ not being free, every kalendar month, fuch perfon (hall fo unlawfully ufe or ex-what to For- creife any of the faid manufactures, or be concerned or intereft-*clt*	ed therein as aforefaid, contrary to this aCt, next after the third

quarterly aflembly of the faid corporation, which (hall be held for the faid city •, the faid fum of ten pounds to be recovered by aClion of debt, bill, plaint or information, to be brought by the chamberlain of the faid city for the ufe of the mayor, (heriffs, citizens and commonalty ot the faid city, in any of his Maje-fty’s courts of record at tVeJ}mlnJiery wherein no effoin, privilege, protection or wager of law (hall be allowed, nor more than one imparlance.

III.	And for better qualifying pejfons to bear offices of magi-ftracy in the faid city, and for regulating fuch elections, and preventing falfe and fictitious polling therein, be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon, elected to be (heriff of the faid city and county thereof, at any court of mayoralty to be holden in any year, between the twenty fourth day of June and JB Geo * t*le tcnt^ d*y dugnjl following, (hall within fourteen day? af-c.%. f. T. ano-ter not*ce *n writing given to him of fuch election, make oath, or tier oath it	being a Quaker y take his folemn affirmation, that he is not at

appointed in	that time worth two thoufand pounds in the world, his debts

heu hereof. being paid, which oath or affirmation the mayor of the faid city for the time being, or any of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace, are hereby authorized to adminifter, fuch oath or affirmatiorl being made at, or tranfmitted to feme court of mayoralty of the faid city, to be holden within fourteen days after (uch notice. Who to be ex- every fuch perfon (hall for that time or turn be excufed the faid .£ufed lhe of- office of (heriff gratis; and that fifty pounds, and no more, (hall ficcof (heriff. paid as a fine, by any perfon fo elcCted, for not ferving the office of (heriff of the faid city and county thereof, if fuch perfon (hall make or tranfmit as aforefaid, within the time aforefaid, his oath, or being a jQuaker, his folemn affirmation, that he is not at that time worth three thoufand pounds in the world, his debts being paid ; and that eighty pounds, and no more, (hall be paid as a fine, by any perfon 01 greater eftate fo eleClcd, for not ferving the office of (heriff of the faid city and county.

In what man- IV. Provided always, That no perfon, worth two thoufand

lor pounds and upwards, (hall be difeharged from bearing the faid • wnattime, r_ c	^	r	i	.

peribns office of (heriff by the court of mayoralty, for any longer timq

be difeharged than one year, without the confent of the mayor, (heriffs, ci-from hearing tizens and commonalty, in common council aflembled ; and the faid office, that nd perfon after the firft day of May one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, (hall in any ycarbe excufed or difehaig-

39

lyta.] , Anno nono Georgii I. c. g;

*d from bearing the faid office of (heriff, unlefs fuch perfon (hall have been firft eledted to fuch office, and have notice thereof as ufual, between the twenty fourth day of June and the tenth day of Auguji enfuing.

V. And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That upon every election to be made in time to come, of any mayor, (heriff, alderman or common council-man, in or for the faid city of Norwich, the mayor or other officer or officers prefixing at fuch eledtion, in cale a poll be demanded by any of the candidates, or any three or more of the eledtors, (hall caufe a regular poll to be taken of the voters, and (hall appoint a convenient number of darks to take the fame, which clerks (hall take the laid poll in the prefence of fuch mayor, or other prefiding officer or officers, or fuch as he or they, according to the charters and ufages of the faid city, (hall depute; and before they begin t;o take the faid poll, every clerk fo appointed, (hall, by the faid mayor or other prefiding officer or officers, be fworn truly and indifferently to take the fame poll, and to fet down the name of each voter, with his addition and place of abode, and for whom he (hall poll, and to poll no eledtor who is not fworn according to the direction of this adt; and every perfon before he is admitted to poll at the fame eledtion, (hall firft take the oath herein after mentioned, or, being a Quaker, (hall folcmnly affirm the effedt thereof, viz.

YOU /hall /wear/or being a Quaker, you /hall folemnly ajfr firm> that you are a freeman of the city of Norwich ; or in cafe of an eledtion for an alderman or common council-qjiaii. That you are an inhabitant in the wardy for which fuch fie ft ion is fnade, and have not been polled at this election.

Which oath or affirmation the faid mayor, or other prefiding officer or officers, or his or their deputy or deputies, or fuch fworn clerks by him or them appointed to take the faid poll as aforefaid, is and are hereby authorized to adminifter; and at levery fuch eledtion upon doling the poll, the number of voters in each poll (hall be publickly proclaimed ; and if a ferutiny of any fuch poll (hall, within four and twenty hours after clofing the fame, or.proclamation made thereof as aforefaid, be demanded by pr on behalf of any candidate, or by any three or more jof the eledtors voting at fuch eledtion, fuch ferutiny (hall be proceeded in with effedt; and in order thereto the mayor, or other officer or officers prefiding at fuch eledtion, (hall, within feven days after demand thereof, deliver to the perfon or perfons requiring fuch ferutiny, or fome of them, a true copy of the pot) taken at fuch eledtion, paying only reafonably for writing the fame, not exceeding the rate of fix pence for the names and additions of twenty voters; and fuch ferutiny (hall begin within twelve days, and not in lefs than ten days next after clofing or foi#ling the poll, and (hail be publicity proceeded in at the

What to be done on election of mayor, See. in cale a poll be demanded.

Anna none Georgji I. c. 10.	[1722.

place of eledion, or as near as conveniently may be, without any unneceflary delay.

Mayors, Ice. Vi. And be it further enaded, That every mayor, or other refuting to de- officer or officers preiiding at any fuch eledion, refuting to de-*'vcr coP*cs the polls, being demanded as aforefaid, or wil-poij^ forfeit fully offending in the premi&s, (hall for every wilful offence contrary to this ad, forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds, to ' the party or parties aggrieved, together with cofts of fuit, to be Recovered by adion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Weflminfler, to be brought or commenced within fix months after the offence committed; and in any fuch adion or fuit, no efToin, protedion, wager of layv, privilege or imparlance (hall be admitted or allowed.

VII. And whereas it hath fometimes happened, that upon the death af an alderman of the faid city, the election of another in his place bath been deferred for a long time, to the great prejudice of the inhabitants of the faid city \ be it further enaded, That from and after the twenty fifth .day of March one thoufand feven hundred On death. See. and twenty three, upon the death or removal of any alderman tn^oC^an	cltY ’ ** m*yor> or	deputy appointed by him,

be choren* l°	the fpace of five days ?t the longed, and not fooner

within five	than twodsiys after fuch death or removal fhall happen (and the

4*9%	faid mayor or his deputy have notice thereof) proceed to the

eledion of a new alderman, giving firft to the freemen of the ward, for which the eledion is to be made, twenty four hours notice at leaft, before fuch eledion fhall begin : provided that nothing in this ad contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, tp the limits of the palace of the bifhop of Norwich, or the precinds of the cathedral church of Norwich.

♦ pub- VIII. And be it enaded. That this ad (hall in all courts and 9#» places be deemed and taken to be a publick ad, and all judges, juftices and others, are to take notice thereof as fuch, without Specially pleading the fame.

CAP. X.

An aft far clearing, deptbning, repairing, extending, ntainr Saining and improving the haven and piers of Great Yarmouth, and for deptbning and making mare navigable the fever at rivers emptying tbemfehes at the faid town*, and alfo far prefervingfhips wintering in the faid haven, from accidents by fire.

WHEREAS the ancient borough of Great Yarmouth in the county ^Norfolk, bordering upon the fea, hath by long ex? ferience been found to be of great importance, for advancing his Ma-jefiy's fervice and revenue, trade in general, more especially the fijbe-ry, and for breeding and employing many tboufanas of Jkilfiil mariners and feamen; and whereas the haven and piers belonging to the find borough, have been, and fill continue objlrvfled by fands thrown ftp by the fea in fuch fort, as the benefit accrewing thereby muft be

iffbaUy loft, if not timely prevented and preferved by clearing, repair-’ *

t?22.] Anno nono Georgii I. c. n.	41

mg and maintaining the fame9 the great and unavoidable charge where-of being insupportable by the inhabitants of the faid borough, they the Jaid inhabitants^ from time to time9 have been aided and relieved by feveral fuccejjive a6is of parliament: and whereas the powers and authorities of the lajl a£t9 made and ordained for and concerning the faid haven and piers in the tenth and eleventh years of the reign of the late King William the Third (of glorious memory) are determined and 'l0 & u W, j, expired, and9 unlefs renewed and continued, the great fums of mo- c. 5. pey already expended and laid out in and about the faid haven and piers9 purfuant to the faid feveral afls ofparliament, will prove ufelefs and ineffeftual9 and the Jaid haven and piers mujl inevitably fall foon into irreparable decay, and the harbour 9 fo beneficial9 become inaccejjtble9 to the great detriment of his Majejly and his iingdoms9 trade in gepe-ral9 utter ruin and impoverijbment of the faid inhabitants and adjacent counties: for preventing whereof and to the end the faid haven ! and piers9 and the jettees on the North fide thereof may be cleared, depthned9 repaired9 extended9 maintained and improved9 and the channel of that part of the river Yare, leading from Great Yarmouth to Norwich aforefaid9 called Braydon, and fo much of the faid river Yare as lies between the new mills in Norwich and fiard-iy-Crofs in Hartley, in the county ^Norfolk; and alfo the rivers Waveney and Bure, commonly called the North river9 which empty themfehes at the faid town of Yarmouth, be depthned and made more navigable for boats and keels ufually pajfmg the fame9 and timber and other materials for that purpofe provided andturnijl)ed9 from time to timey as occajionJball require s be it enadea, &c.

From the 45th of March 1743, for twenty three years, and to the end of Revived for % the next feffion of parliament, there (hall he paid by eveiy mailer of any years by 40 fhip unlading within the haven of Great Yarmouth or in Yarmouth-Roaa, Gso.x. c. 40. from the South part of Scratby in Norfolk to the North part of Corton in Suffolk, for every chalder of coals, Wincheller meafure, lad of wheat, rye, barley, malt or other grain, and for eveiy weigh of fait, and for every tun of other goods, (nib excepted) fuch lums 6f money, not exceeding twelve pence, as the mayor, aldermen, burgefles and commonalty of the borough of Great Yarmouth in common council ihall appoint, viz. 6 d. for clearing and improving the haven, piers and jetees; one penny halfpenny to the cbamber)ain of Norwich for clearing and depthnfng the channel of the river Yare, between the new mills in Norwich and Hardly-Crofs 1 one halfpenny to perfons yearly named by the quarter feifions at the cattle at Norwich, for clearing and oepthning the North-River j one halfpenny to perfons yearly named at the quarter-feifions at Beccles, for clearing ana depthning tne river Waveney $ one halfpenny unto fuch as the mayor,

&c. of Yarmouth, in common council (hall appoint, for repairing the fridge and the keys; and three pence for clearing and d?pthjling the channel of the river Yare, called Braydon. Twelve commiflioners appointed to infpeft accounts, tcc. Fiih oil, &c. exempt from payment or duty.

EXP.

CAP. XI.

An aft for repairing and widening the road leading from the black bull in DunfUble in the county of Bedford, to the way turning out of the laid raid up to Shafford-houfe in the county of Hertford.

The toll granted by this aft is to have continuance from 1 June 1743, for g Geo s, c.9, aiyeais. Farther contimud by 44600.4. c.io. PR.	.	igGco.a.c.a^

CAP.

t»7*«

*	4*	Amo nono Georoii I. c.12;

CAP. XII.

ffn aft for the more eafy affigning or transferring certain redeemable annuities, payable at the exchequer, by endorfe-tnents on the ftanding orders for the fame.

•	SGeo.i. c.n. TX7HEREAS in and by an aft of parliament of the fixthyear

▼ V of his prefent Majejly's reign, {for laying a duty on wrought plate, and other purpofes therein mentioned) amongft other things it was enafted, That the contributors for the pur chafe of the annuities thereby directed to be fold, Jhould upon payment of their whole purthafe-money, have orders for the payment of their faid annuities, until redemption £ Geo. j. c.17. thereof by parliament: and woereas by another aft ofparliament of the faid jixth year of his prefent Majejly's reign, intituled. An aft for appointing commiffioners to examine, date and determine the debts due to the army, and to examine and date the demands of feveral foreign princes and dates, for fubfidies during the late jGeo.i. ftat.j. war; and alfi in and by another aft ofparliament of the feventh year c* 3°«	of his faid Majejly's reign,	intituled. An aft for appointing com*

miflioners to examine, date and determine the aebts due to the army, amongjl other things it was enafted. That the commiffioners of hts Majejly's treafury jhould be impowered to ijfue ftanding orders for paying at the receipt of the exchequer, the annuities for the principal fums contained in the debentures by the faid txvo (aft mentioned afts refpeftivefy dire fted to be madeforth: and whereas by another aft sGeo.i. c.20. of parliament of the eighth year of his prefent Majejly's reign [for paying off and cancelling one million of exchequer-bills, and other purposes therein mentioned) amongfl other things it was enafted. That the commiffioners of his Majejly's treafury Jhould be impowered to iffite ftanding orders for paying at the receipt of exchequer, the annuities for the principal fums contained in the debentures therein recited to have been made forth for the fufferers at Nevis and Saint Chrido-phers; and by the faid feveral afts it was enafted. That the Jaid feveral annuities Jhould be deemed to be per final eftates, and the re-fpeftive proprietors thereof Jhould have power to affign or deyife bis or their eftate of and in any ftuh annuity, or any part thereof, and f$ totics quoties; and that no fuch alignment jhould be revocable, fi as an entry or memorandum iff fuch afftgnment or will Jhould be made in books kept for that purpofi in the office of the auditor of the receipt if exchequer, within three months after fuch afftgnment or death of the devifor; and that upon producing fuch afftgnment or willy or probate thereof, in the faid office of receipt to be entred as aforefmd, the party fi producing the fame, Jhould bring therewith an affidavit, taken before one of his Majejly's juftices of the peace, of the due execu* tion of the faid afftgnment or will; which affidavits Jhould be five-rally filed in the Jaid office, as by the faid afts of parliament (relation to them refpeftively being had) more fully may appear: and whereas the method prefiribed by the faid afts for affigning the faid annuities, and producing therewith affidavits taken before one of bis Majejly's juft ices of the peace, of the due execution of fuch ajfignments, h found to be chargeable, troublefime and iqconvement to the propri-

tm

>722* J

Anno nono Gborgii I. c. 12;

etors thereof; and ’tis doubted whether alignments by endorsements on

rafimt

*?

fuck orders are good and available in lap •> which has occaftoned large difeounts thereon, to the prejudice of publish a edit: for remedy thereof, be it enacted by the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the refpedive proprietors of the faid (landing orders, made forth or to be made forth, in pur- Alignments fuance of the faid ads, or any or either of them, (hall or may may be made from time to time, by proper words of alignment to be endorl- by indorsed on his, her or their order, affign or transfer his, her or their right, title, intereft and benefit of fuch order or orders to any other perfon or perfons; which being notified in the office of auditor of receipt aforefaid, the officers there (hall, without pro* during fuch affidavit as aforefaid,. caufe an entry or memorial thereof to be. made in the book of regiftry for fuch orders, without fee or charge \ and after fuch entry made, fuch aifignmenf:

(hall entitle fuch affignee, his, Jier or their executors, admini-ftrators, fucceflors or affigns to the benefit thereof, and payment thereon, and fuch affignee may in like manner affign again, and fo toties quoties; and afterwards it (hall .not be in the power of fuch peyfon or perfons, who have or hath made fuch affignraents, to make void, releafe or difeharge the fame, or any monies ' thereby due, or any part thereof; any thing in the faid former ads, or any or either of them to the contra™ notwithftanding.

II. And fpr as much as it may happen, That feveral of the faid orders, which at firft were made out for fmall fums, may in time come into the hands of one and the fame perfon, who may be willing and defir reus to have fiver al of thefaid orders for fmall fums exchangedfor, and turned into one or more order or orders for largerfums9 which may be an eafe and convenience, not only to the owners offuemrdersforfmallfums, but alfo to the officers of the exchequer9 in the Payment thereof; be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That any three or more of the commiflioners of tne treafury now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the orders for treafury for the time being, may (if he or they (hall fo think fit) fmall fums diredl the turning feveral orders for fmall fums of five hundred may be turned pounds principal money a-piect, or under, into one or more jP*0 order or orders for larger fums, and may caufe to be made forthtor g and figned new (landing orders accordingly, for and in lieu of fuch' orders for fmall fums ; in which ca(e the faid former or* ders for fmall fums, fo to be turned into ah order or orders for larger fums, (hall be delivered up and cancelled ; and the faid new order or orders, to be made out in lieu thereof, (hall be made payable to the jperfon or perfons, who (hall appear to be the proprietor or proprietors or the faid orders for fmall fums fo delivered up and cancelled at the titne of fuch delivery up as a-Forefaid: and the faid auditor of the receipt aforefaid (hall constantly take care, on the making out of fuch new orders, not to

Six any order or orders made out in purfuance of any one of the id adrs of parliament, with any order or orders made out in ; jurfuancc of any other of the faid ads of parliament, to prevent



New orders may be made out in lieu of fuch as are defaced, Slc.

Anno nono Georgii I. c. 12.	[17221

any confufion in die accounts to be kept thereof $ and that fiich entries and memorandums be made upon the faid new orders, as may denote their being made out in lieu of fuch orders for fmall fums delivered up and cancelled, and as may fecure the publick againft any double payment, for or by reafon of the making out or iffiiing fuch new orders in manner aforefaid.

III.	And whereas it may fo happen in procefi ef time, that feve-ral of the faid fianiing orders may become defaced, obliterated or in• cumbred with many alignments endorfed thereon, and by reafon thereof or feme other dejefis therein, it may become neceffaty that the faid defaced, obliterated* incumbred or otkerwife defective orders Jbomdbe taken in and cancelled, and new orders made forth and delivered to the owners and proprietors of the orders fo to be cancelled in lieu there-t of9, be it therefore enadled by the authority aforefaid, That in all or any of the faid cafes any three or more of the commiffion-ers of the treafury now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, may (if he or they (hall fo think fit) from time to time caufe to be made forth new (landing orders for and in. lieu of fuch defaced, obliterated, incumbred or otherwife defective orders, fo as fuch defaced, obliterated, incumbred or otherwife defective order or orders be at the fame time delivered up and cancelled, and the new order or orders to be made out in lieu thereof, be made payable to tfie perfon or perfons who (hall appear to be the proprietor or proprietors ot the faid order or orT ders fo delivered up and cancelled at the time of fuch delivery up as aforefaid; and the auditor of the receipt afprefaid (hall always take care, that fuch entries or memorandums be made upon toe faid new orders, as may denote their being made out in lieu of fuch defaced, obliterated, incumbred or otherwife defective orders cancelled, and as may fecure the publick againft any double payment, for nr by reafon of the making out or i(Tuing fuch new orders in manner aforefaid*

IV.	And for the preventing all frauds and abufes in or about the faid (landing orders, or any aflignments thereof, or the receiving the annuities due or to grow due thereon; be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons whatfoever, from and after the fecond day of April one thoufaod feven hundred and twenty three, (hall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly or wilfully adt and aflift in the forging or counterfeiting any order or orders made forth or to be made forth in purfuance of any the before-mentioned a<5l$, or of this prefent adl, or any afiigiunent or aflignments of fuch order or orders, or of the annuities payable thereon, or of any receipt or difchajrge to the exchequer for the annuities due or to grow due on any fuch (landing order or orders, or of any letter of attorney, or other authority or inftru-ment to transfer, afiign, alien or convey any fuch order or orders, or to receive the annuities due or to grow due thereon, or any part thereof, or (hall forge or counterfeit, or procure to bo forged or counterfeited* or knowingly or wilfully ad or affift in

tfio

1722.] Anno nono Georgii 1. e. 13,14.	45

the forging or counterfeiting any the name or names- of any ofCounterfeit-the .proprietors of any fuch order or orders in or to any fuch pre-”lpordcr,» tended affignment, receipt, letter of attorney, inftrument orau- lony’ thority, or (hall knowingly and fraudulently demand, or endeavour to have or receive any fuch annuity or annuities, or any part thereof, by virtue of any fuch forged or counterfeited, receipt, letter of attorney, inftrument or authority, or (half falfly and deceitfully perfonate any true and real proprietor or proprietors of any tne laid order or orders, and thereby aligning or endeavouring to ailign any of the faid order or orders, or receiving or endeavouring to receive the money of fuch true and lawful proprietors, as if fuch offender were the true and lawful owner thereof, then and in every or any fuch cafe, all and every fuch perfon and perfons (being thereof lawfully convidted in due form of law) (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

CAP. XIII.

An aft for the enlarging the termjgranted by an aft pa(Ted in the eighth year of the reign of her late Majeity Queen Anne, intituled, An aa for repairing the highways between the bmfe commonly called the Horfdhoe-houfe, m the parj/b of Stoke Goldington in the county <?/Bucks, and the town of Northampton; and for repairing the road from the North-Bridge rf New* port-Pagnel in the county 3/'Backs, to the feud Horfeihoe-Houfe.

By this aft the toll granted by the private aft 8 Ann. c. 1. which com* menced from 1 April 1710, and was to have continuance for ax years, is farther continued from 2 May 17x3, for the term of 15 years. Farther con• tinned by 15 Geo. a. c. 6.

cap. xiv;

An aft for enlarging the term granted by an aft made in the third year of bis Majeftfs reign, (for continuing the duty of two pennies Scots upon every pint of ale ana beer fold in the city, of Edinburgh, for tbepurpofes therein mention-ed 3 and for dijcontinuing payment of the petty-port cu-ftotns there) and for making the jatd aft more effeftual.

WHEREAS the city {/"Edinburgh, being the metropolis and feat of the government of Scotland, was thereby fubjeft to all the alterations and changes of the Jlate; and whereas the faid city bath, ever ftnee the reformation, been remarkably zealous in fupport-ing and defending the proteftant intereft, and thereby, and by other in-avoidable occafions, was involved in very confiderable debts, far exceeding what the common revenue of the faid town could difeharge; therefore to enable them to pay off theft debts, andfor other purpofes,	**	ex~

an aft was paft in the parliament of Scotland of the thirteenth	^	^at§

June one thoufand fix hundred and ninety three, giving to the find c.	'

town 4/* Edinburgh, and community thereof, and to the magiftrates Farther conti-and town-council of the fame, and their fucceffors in office, for their nuedby\%Gto, ufe and behoof, an impofttion of two pennies Scots (over and above a* c* 9* the Kings annexed excife, ana additional excife impofed in that fejffion ofparliament) upon the pint of all ale and beer, either brewed, brought

4*	Artnt)	nono	Georgii I. C. 14; f 17a

wr, or vended, tapped, and fold within the faid town and fubur and liberties thereof viz. Canon-gate, South and North Lei Weftport, Potterow and Pleafants, and the other pertinentt, to paid to the faid town, magifirates and council thereof by the bre ers, Venders, fellers, and tapfiers of the faid ale or beer, during fpace of fifteen years and further', not exceeding the fpace of thi years, commencing from the firft of July one thoufand fix hi drei and ninety three, to be paid, uplifted, and collefted week monthly and quarterly, or otherwife, as the magiftrates and ton council Jhould think fit to preferibe and order; excepting only fi the faid aft all fucb ale and beer, as Jhould be brewed in the cox try without the liberties of the faid city, by heritors or proprietors their otvn lands, and brought in by them (during the time they at ally inhabited in the faid town) to be confirmed and made ufe of their own ufe, and the ufe of their families only; and alfo except, all ale and beer vended within the precinfts of Holyrood Houfe t cafile ^Edinburgh from the faid impofitions: and whereas Jince union there bath been a gradual, but very fenfible decreafe and de of the revenues of the feud city, and that feveral of their pub* works, which were highly necefiary to be carried on and finijhei the fervice of the faid city, had been very much neglefted, and co not be carried on without a confidcrable fum of money: and whet the faid city Was fo far from being able, at their own expence, < out of their proper revenues, to carry on and finijh the fame, that debts owing by them were confiderably increafed; partly occafioned the late unnatural rebellion; therefore by an aft of the third year 3 Geo. 1. c. 5. his prefent Majcftfs reign, intituled. An a6t for continuing thee ty of two pennies Scots, or one fixth part of a penny Jlerli on every pint of ale and beer that (hall be vended or fold wi in the city of Edinburgh, and privileges thereof, for the ben of the faid city: and for difcontiuuing the payment of the d\ commonly called the peity-port cuftoms at Edinburgh, during ■ continuance of this a<ft, the faid duty and duties fo impofed by toe fore recited aft of the parliament ^Scotland are further continued < made payable to the prove ft, magiftrates and council of the faid city Edinburgh, for the time being, and their fuuejfors, for the ttfe't behoof of the /aid town, for and during the full term of nineteen yeo to be collected and levied in the fame manner, as the fame was, by faid aft of parliament in Scotland, limited and appointed, and money arijing thereby was directed to be applied and difpofed of to ufes following, viz. for renewing the water-pipes, and helping conduits, which carry water to the town, for enlarging the harb and detpning the channel of Leith, for building a new key at Lei for fettling an annual fund of three hundred pounds towards empi ing and maintaining the poor of Edinburgh and adjacent count from and after the firjl of July one thoufand /even hundred i eighteen, for fettling a falary on the profejfor of law in the unive ty of Edinburgh, and his J'utctffers in office, not exceeding one h dred pounds per annum, commencing from the eleventh of Nove ber one thoufand fevtn hundred and leventccn, for rebuilding the c walls, and caufeying the highways leading to the faid city, for bm two new churches,andfettlingftifetids]for the miniflers thereof, < %

I7M.3 Anno riofto GeoKgiI I. c.14;	4f

fir twofrench minifters9for paying and applying four bundreiandfifty two pounds annually , in aid of toe deficiency of the prefent ordinary revenue of the town, andfor payment of the whole debts of the faid city, that Jbould be due and owing on the firft a/July one thoufandfeven hundred and eighteen, other than the debts provided for and to be difeharged by the duty ariftng by the aft of parliament ^Scotland, with a power to the faid magiftrates and council of thefaidcity, to borrow money for the better enabling them to carry on the feveralpurpofes in the faid aft men-tmedy and for fecuring the repayment thereof to affign over the faid duty or any part thereof for the whole or part of the term by the faid aft granted: and whereas the magiftrates and council of the faid city9 a-grceable to the faid laft recited aft of parliament, have at very great expense colleftea the fprings, renewed the pipes which convey water to toe town9 rebuilt the fountains in the highftreet9 in the moft approved and advantageous manner, have begun to enlarge the harbour of Leith, and deepen its channel, have built fix hundred foot of a \key there, of very fufficient workmanJbip9 have built one of the two new churches, have made a large provifm of caufty-ftones, and other materials for paving their whole high fireets and ways leading to their city, have made a good highway from their city to their port of Leith, have built and repaired a large houfe9 for accommodating the poor to be employed in matmfafture\ for performing whereof and for payment of the intereft of their capital debts due on the faid firft of July one thoufand feven hundred and eighteen, and for fatisfying the other annual payments direfted by the faid laft rented aft of parliament as a-forefaid, they have borrowed money: and whereas though all the money borrowed upon the fecurity of the faid grants has been duly and regularly applied to the feveral ufes9 intents and purpofes in the faid laft recited aft mentioned and direfted9 yet the fame9 with what further 3	*•	c.	5.

the faid grant for the term aforcfaid.may produce, will not be fufficient to anfwer the faid purpofes 9 and enable the faid magiftrates and council to cany on and finijh the faid defigns to perfeftion; fo that un-lefs the faid duty is further continued in order to raife more money, great part of what has already be<n laid out will be entirely loft, and the intention of the faid laft recited aft in a great meafure fruftrated, which would be a very great prejudice to the whole united kingdom: and whereas it will be greatly for the intereft of the faid city and adjacent country, that not only the feveral defigns already begun9 be carried 0$ and finijbedy but that the feveral other purpofes herein before mention-ed9 be carried on and finijhed9. which would not only be of great fervid for beautifying andfor the ornament of the faid city9 but will contribute much to the prefervation of the health of the inhabitants^ and otherways be of great advantage: and whereas it is imprafticable either to finijh what is already begun9 or carry on tbeji other advantageous views and purpofes now iniended9 but by continuing the payment of the faid duty for a longer term; and whereas a great many brewers have of late retired out of the city's liberties9 and erefted breweries in the confines thereof tn order to elude the payment of this duty, and to the great prejudice of the city otherways: and whereas for the encouragement of breweries withinthe faidcityof Edinburgh, firving an equality of trade betwixt the brrwers in the Jatd city end

tbt

jGeo.i. c. 5.

What duties on all ale and beer in St. Cuthberts and Canon-Gate.

Such duties payable to the provoft of Edinburgh, &c. for 19 years.

Conlinurd by 15 Geo. a. c. 9.

Anno norro GeoRGIi I. c. 14,	[172*4

the brewers in feme of the adjacent parijhes, and to prevent frauds by importing ale brewed in the faid adjacent parijhes without paying the faid duty* it will be necejfary to extend the faid duties, and fuk-jefl the fcveral brewers within the parijhes of Saint Cuthberts, the Canon-Gate, and South and North Leith, to the payment of the like duties, as the brewers within the faid city and fuburbs thereof: where fore your Majejiyjs moji dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the provoft* magiftrates* and council of the faid city ^Edinburgh, in behalf of jhetnfehes aud the community of the faid city* and the heritors and freeholders of the jhire ^Edinburgh, do moji humbly bejeech your Majejly* that it may be enabled* and be it enabled by tnc King's xnoft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confcnt of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament aiTembled, and by the authority of the fame. That luch and the like rates, duties and impofitions, as are by thd faid tail in part recited a£t of parliament of the third year of his prefent Majefty's reign, laid, granted and impofed upon all ale and beer brewed, brought in, vended, tapped or fold, within the faid city of Edinburgh, fuburbs and liberties thereof, (hall, from and after the commencement of the faid term by the faid ad granted, be raifed, levied* collected, paid and made payable to the faid provoft, magiftrates, and council of the faid city of Edinburgh tor the time being, and their fucceflors, for the life and behoof of the faid town, upon all ale and beer brewed, brought in for fale, tapped or fold within all or any of the faid parifhes of Saint Cuthberts* Canon-Gate* South and North Leith* for and during the fpace and term of nineteen years by the faid laft mentioned ad granted 3 and that the fame be lcviea, colled-ed and paid, by the fame means and methods* and by and under fuch rules and diredions, and under the like penalties and forfeitures, as are prefcritxd, mentioned and exprefled in the faid recited ads of parliament, for levying, railing and paying the fame within the faid city of Edinburgh and fuburbs thereof, in as full and ample manner, as if the faid parifhes had been by the faid ad particularly fubjeded to the payment thereof.

II. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That fuch and the like rates, duties and impofitions, as are by the faid ad of the third year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, laid, granted and impofed upon all ale and beer brewed, brought in for fale, vended, tapped or fold, within the faid city of Edsu* burgh, fuburbs and liberties thereof, (hall, from and after the expiration of the term by the faid ad granted, be further continued, raifed, levied and colleded, and payable to the provoft, magiftrates and council of the faid city of Edinburgh for the time being, and their fucceflors, for the ufe and behoof of the faid city, upon all ale brewed, brought in, tapped or fold, within the faid city of Edinburgh, the fuburbs and liberties thereof, and likewife for all ale and beer brewed, brought in, tapped or fold, within all or any of the faid parishes of Saint Cuthberts* Canon-gate* South and North Leith* for and during the fpace and term of nineteen years more 3 and that the fame

(hall

49

1722.]	Anno	nono	GeorgiiI.	c. 14.

. (hall be levied and paid by the lame means and methods, and by and under fuch rules and direftions, and under the lame penalties and forfeitures and powers, as are prefcrib-ed, mentioned and exprefied in the afts of parliament afore-laid ; and that both the faid aft made in the parliament of Scotland, and the adt made in the third year of his Majefty’s 3 Geo. 1. c. j. reign, and every article, rule, claufe, matter and thing therein contained, (half be of full force and effedt to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame were particularly and at large exprelTed, repeated and re-enafted in the body of this prefent adt, for the more effedtual levying and railing payment of the faid duty and duties within the faid city of Edinburgh and liberties and fub-urbs thereof, and within the faid parilhes of Saint Cuthberts,

Canon-gate, South and North Leith, for and during the faid new and additional term of nineteen years hereby granted, and to and for the feveral purpgfes and intents in the faid afts or either of them particularly mentioned, except in fo far as is hereby altered and varied.

III. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

' That what money (hall be due and payable by virtue of this aft, and what (hall arife by the faid duty during both the faid terms of thirty-eight years granted by this and the faid former aft, (hall be applied, diiburfed, laid out and difpofed of, to Money pay-and for the feveral ufes, intents and purpofes, and in fuch man- able by this ner as is herein after declared (the reafonablecharges expended	t0**

or to be expended in or about, or by reafon of palling this aft app * of parliament being firlt dedufted) as the fame (hall be dated and allowed by the overfeers after named, or the majority of them prefent, at one of their general meetings under mentioned : and the faid magiftrates and council of the faid city are hereby empowered and authorized to apply, lay out and difpofe of the fame, to and for the intents and purpofes herein after mentioned, videlicet, for didributing the water brought or to be brought into the faid city in fuch way and manner, as may be moft for the publick ufe and conveniency of the faid city and the inhabitants thereof, for fupplying the Canon-gate, South and North Leith with water, for finishing and compleating the laid harbour or pier of Leith, for caufeying or laying with free Hones (in fuch places where it may be found proper and necef-fiury) the high dreets, areas, courts or fquares, lanes and bv-ftreets that are or (hall be within the faid city, with the highways and avenues leading to and from the fame, for repairing the city walls, for building another of the new churches dhrefted by the former aft to be built, for fatisfying the refpec-tive annual payments appointed by the faid recited aft of parliae ment of the third year or his Majedy’s reign, videlicet, for main- ‘ taming and employing the poor, for payment of the miniders (Upends, for payment of the fum granted in aid of the deficiency of the town’s revenue, for payment of the profedbr of the civil law his falary, and alfo for and towards payment of abm not-exceeding, the fum of five hundred pounds derling Wot. XV,	E	an-

£Q	Anno nono Georgii L c. 14;	[1722*

annually and every year, to be applied by the magiftrates and council cf the faid city, for and towards the relief of fucb of the poorer fort of the inhabitants of the faid city, as are or ought to be taxed for tire maintaining and paying of the guard of the faid city, at or below the rate of four pounds Sects each# in fuch way and manner, as to the faid magiftrates and council ihall feem moft juft and equitable* which faid fum of five hun* dred pounds is hereby ena&ed to commence, grow due, and be payable from and after the firft day of July one thoufand ieven hundred and twenty-three, and the firft half-year’s moiety to be payable the firft day of January thereafter* and likewife that the faid duty and money anting thereby fhall be applied and laid out, for and towards narrowing the noxious lake on tbc * north-tide of the faid city, commonly called the North Lock* into a canal of running water, and making a communication ftreet or way to the fields and grounds belonging to the faid city, on the north-tide thereof, and for purchafing fuch houfes and grounds, as ihall be by the faid magiftrates and council with the approbation of the overfeers judged proper and necef-iary to be bought and purchafed for making the laid ftreet or communication way betwixt the faid city and the faid fields on the north-tide thereof, and likewife for purchafing fucb houles and grounds, as may be thought proper and ncceuary as afore-faid, for making a convenient area for building the faid nevf Church, and for building a proper hall, or other conveniences, for accommodating the court of judiciary, and what conveniences may be found necefltry for accommodating the other courts of juftice, that meet in the faid city, and the offices thereunto belonging, a hall or convenient place for keeping the record^ under the charge of the lord regifter of Scotland^ convenient offices for lodging the records, writs, fecurities and indru* ments, which are under the care of the feverai clerks of fclfion. She clerks of judiciary, and comroiffion for valuation of tiend% the clerks of the laid city, the Iheriff and commiftar clerks of Edinburgh, the keepers of the fignet, chancery, privy leal, great feal, general regifter of falins, general regifter of homings and inhibitions, for payment of a fum not exceeding one hundred pounds yearly, to a profeflor of univerfal civil hiftory, Greek and Roman antiquities in the laid univertity, and for payment of a fum not exceeding one -hundred pounds yearly, to a pro* feffor of Scots law, both to commence and grow due from die firft of July one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three * The fum of * Wch two profefiions of univerfal civil hiftory, Greek and. xoo 1. payable Roman antiquities, and of Sects law, die magiftrates and coun* to a profeflor cil of the faid city are and (hall be authorized and impowered of^lufto- to inftitute and eftablilh, and to nominate and appoint the firft ** profelTors, who fhall enjoy the faid falaries, and be inftftuted to the whole privileges and immunities, that the other profit fors of the faid univerfity enjoy and are entitled to.

IV.	And to the end that tbefe profejfmtis may be in time eomingoi^ veeys /applied with proper and qualified perjins^ b« ft em&td.by' 2	.the

J Anno mmo Geojloii L c* 14*	51

tbority aforefaid, That when and fo often as any va- Who to fup-\ (ball happen in any of the faid profeflions, that the fa* jf advocates (hall nominate and prefent two perfons, fons. pro c * they (hall judge qualified for fupplying fuch vacant pro*

, to the faid magiftrates and council, and that the faid rates and council (hall admit and appoint one of the eribns fo nominated and prefented to fupply the va*

4nd whereas it hath been found ttfeful and necejfary to injii~

'rofeffor of civil law in the faid urnverfity, for whom a J'alary tied by this and the other in part recited aft of parliament; irther enacted. That the faid profeffor, and his fucceflors What powers e, (hall enjoy the fame powers, privileges and immuni<- t° be enjoyed rith the other profeffors in the faid univerfity, and that f^r o^civil and as often as any vacancy (hall happen in that office, iavv# 1V ae (hall be fupplied in the fame way and manner, as is directed concerning the profeflbrs of univertal civil hiito* eek and Roman antiquities, and of 8cots law* For pay*

>f forty-four pounds ten (hillings annually to tninifters of Leith, to be proportioned betwixt them at the fight of trfeers, fo as to make their ftipends equal, and for pay-of thirty three pounds fix (hillings and eight pence an* to the treasurer of the Canon-gate, for payment of an ad-tl ftipend to their minifters, to be proportioned betwixt it the fight of the overfeers, fo as to make them equal $

D commence and grow due from the fifteenth day of May loufand feven hundred and twenty three, the firft moiety f payable the eleventh of November following, and for ; what other falaries (hall be found necedafy by. the ma- Matters teach-ss and council, with the confent of the overfeers, for ing other, 1U s and profeflbrs to be inftituted and appointed, with con* hcral arts, to f hi6 Majefty, hk heirs and fucceflors, to teach other li* he provided irts and fciences in the faid univerfity^ and cxercifes in id city: for payment of the film of fifty pounds yearly, mat falary to the profefior of divinity in the college of Tgb, and his fucceflors in office, to commence and grow om and after the firft day of July one thoufand (even ed and twenty three, the firft moiety thereof payable the ay of January following: and for making and paying rotations of falaries to other profeflbrs already eftabkmed, ot fufficiemly provided for: and for payment of the in* of the whole capital debt due by the faid city, which hath sorrowed in porfuance of the faid in part recited ad of the fear of his prelent Majefty, or hath been inlifted amongft bts of the faid city, with the approbation of the .over* as a charge upon the duty thereby continued, or which le borrowed on or before the firft day of July neat, with jprobatson of the faid overfeers, or which may be borrow* porfuance of the powers given by this prefent ad: and timing the charges that (hall be approved of by the over* fbr'colleding and applying of this duty, and other necef-E 2	fery

* 5*	Anno	ndno	G£6RgiJ	I. c. 14.	[1722;

fary incident charges concerning the fame, and for paying off the faid capital debt of the faid city ; and if any more money lhall arife by the impolition hereby granted and continual, than (hall be found neceflary to pay off all the faid debts, and difcharge the annual payments, and execute the purpofes that remain to be compleated as aforefaid, that overplus money (hall ,	be and is hereby directed to be laid out and applied for carry-

ing on fuch publick works as (hall be found neceflaiy and ufe<* fill for the fervice of the faid city, as the fame (hall be fettled and agreed upon by the magiftrates and council thereof, and by the overfeers, to whom the fame (hall be propofed, at one ot their four meetings herein after mentioned and appointed; it being always hereby declared, that any propofal fo to be made, (hall not be approved by them, or any directions given about the fame, until there be another meeting, and the fame propofals by them in fuch fubfequent meetings confidered and approved of, and then and not till then, direction (hall be given for the execution thereof.

VI.	And for the better explaining and ejlabli/hing the way and manner of levying the faid duty and impofttion within the faid city of •Edinburgh, Juburbs and liberties thereof and within the faid p*~

-roches of Saint Cuthbert'j, Canon-gate, South and North Leith, with their and every of their appurtenances, and for avoiding the multiplicity of oaths, and beeping an equality among the brewers, and preventing their being over-charged; be it further enaCted by the Duties bow ^authority aforefaid, That the faid duty and impofition (hall be he levied. raifed, levied, collected and paid, in the fame way and manner, as his Majefty’s excife is now raifed and levied within the faid city and liberties thereof, and the charges made by his Majefty’s officers for levying and collecting of fuch excite, or an abftraCt thereof, under the hand of the accomptant for the Edinburgh brewery for the time being, (hall and are hereby declared to be the rule for levying and collecting the faid duty and impofition hereby granted: provided always, That the faid magiftrates and council for the time being, mall, and they are hereby impowered and required to make to the (aid feveral and . refpeCtive brewers as aforefaid, in collecting the faid duty or impofition hereby granted, the feveral allowances, difeounts and mitigations which are now made to the faid brewers by the , faid commifiioners of excife in Scotland, or their officers thereto duly authorized; and the commifiioners of excife in Scotland for the time being, are hereby authorized, directed and required to appoint their proper officer or officers, or the faid accomptant for the Edinburgh brewery, from time to time, and fo often as the fame (hall be defired by the faid magiftrates of the faid city, or their collector or collectors, true and exaCt copies of abftrads attefted and figned by the faid proper officer or officers or ac~

• comptant, of the feveral and refpe&ive charges given up b]r , the faid officers of excife, upon the feveral and refpeCtive brew-* ers hereby fubjeCtcd to and made liable in payment of the faicB

duty

1742.]	Anno nono Georgii I. c. 14I	jsg

duty and impofition, and that without any fee or reward ; and that the faid charges given up, from time to time, by the faid officers of excife as atorefaid, (hall be the only rule-and method of charging the faid feveral brewers in payment of the faid duty.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the au- , thority aforefaid. That fuch of the faid brewers only as (hall fubj^Tto* Kve and rcfide within the faid city and liberties thereof, (hall, the jurifdi£i-by virtue hereof, and on account of the premiffes, be fubjedt on of the city, to the jurifdi&ion of the faid city; and that fuch of the faid

brewers who lhall live without the faid city and liberties thereof, (hall, after commencement of the faid duty, and during the continuance thereof, be and continue to be fubje& to all Atits and proce(Tes, which may happen concerning the faid duty and impolition, to fuch judge or judges only, who, before the making this ad, were competent and proper to determine in A my fuits againft the faid brewers ; and the forms and methods of proceeding in fuch fuits and procefles (hall be in the fame manner, as by the in part recited ad of the parliament of Scot* land is mentioned and direded.

VIII.	And whereas the prefent magiftrates and council of the faid eity have, in behalf of the faid city>, entred into bonds of arbitration for making fuch reafonable fatisfaflion to fuch proprietors of the faid parijbes of Saint Cuthbert’s, Canon-gate, South and North Leith, as jball fuftam any damages by reafon of extending the faid duty or impoJitton9 and fubje fling the ale and beer brewed, brought iny and fold within their refpeflive properties in the faid refpeflive parijbes, . to the payment of the faid duty, as jhaU be awarded by the right honourable the earl ^Dalhoufie, James Erlkine 0/Grange and David Erfkine of Dun, eJquireSj two of the fenators of the college of

hiftkcj and Sir John Clark of Pcnnycook, baronet, and George Dalrymple o/Dalmahoy, ejquire, two of the barons of exchequer in Scotland : and whereas the faid magiftrates and council are not otberwife able to perform the Jaid engagements on their part, but by the application offome part of the money which Ihall arm by this duty or impofition, for and towards the fatisfaflion of fuch damages as Jball be fo awarded\ and it being jujl and reafonable fuch fatisfaflion jbould be made out of the faid moneyy and that Jome part thereof Jbould be fo applied; be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That Proprietors 0f k (hall and may be lawful to and for the magiftrates of the faid city for the time being, and they are hereby impowered and &c. bow to bo required, by and out of the money arifing by and from the faid fatisfied. duty or impofition hereby granted and continued, to make fuch frtisfadion to fuch proprietors as aforefaid, and for performance of the faid engagements by the faid magiftrates and council of the faid city tor that purpofe entred into, as the fame (hall be awarded by the faid arbiters, or any three or more of them, on or before the firft day of 'July one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three; any thing in this or any other law or ftatute (untamed to the contrary notwithftanding.

£3	IX.	And

£4	Anno	nono Georgii L CV14*	[1722*

IX.	ifoi whereas all the proprietors of the faid parijkes of Saint Cuthbert’s, Canon-gate, South and North Leith have not pitted into the faid bonds of arbitration, and that neverthelefs it is rea~ fonable they Jhould receive Jatisfaction for the damages they may fufain by fubjefling the ate ana beer brewed, brought in and fold within their properties to the faid duty and impofition; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid, That all and every fuch proprietor of the faid pari(he9, brewers excepted, who hath not as yet entred into any bond of arbitration with the magiftrates and council of the laid city, for the end and pur-pole above mentioned, lhail be at liberty by any writing under his hand lawfully executed (notice thereof being given, to the Such proprie- jord provoft of Edinburgh, or any of the bailies, on or before tho dTmawf to12 oay of May next) to fubmit and refer his claim of damage whamto refer on the account aforefaid, to the arbitrators before mentioned* their claim* and that in cafe of his fo doing, he (hall and is hereby appointed to receive fatisfa&ion for fuch damage, in the fame manner as if he had been originally a party in the faid bonds of arbitration : and whereas it will extremely conduce towards the better carrying on the fevera) defigns mentioned, that the laid magiftrates and council of the faid city, (hould purchafe the property and fuperiority of the lands and mills herein after mentioned, videlicet* The property of the Gaboon hill and faith mills, and the fuperiority of the Caltoun and of the back of the Canon-gate ; and whereas the faid magiftrates have entred into an agreement to purchafe the fame from the right honourable the lord Balmerenoch proprietor thereof, and in order to ad* juft the price of the fame* have entred into a fubraiffion to fames Erjkine of Grange, and David Erjkine of Drntr, two of the fenators of the college of juftice to determine the fame 1 Furchafe me- and whereas the laid magiftrates and council are Dot able to ney of Caltoun pay the price of the faid premifles* otjierways than by applies* hill and Leith tion of lomc part of the money which (hall arife by this duty to bc	or *mP°lfr*on» vul it being greatly for the intereft of the faid

e ?	city, that the faid purebafe be made, and it being juft the price

thereof (hould be paid out of the money ariling out of the faid duty, be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That it lhail and may be lawful for the magiftrates and council of the faid city for the time being, and they are hereby impower-ed, authorized and required, by and out of money anting by and from the faid duty or impofition hereby granted and con* tinned, to pay and fatisfy to the faid lord Balmerenoch, or other

Jterfons ioterefted therein, fuch fum or fums of money as and or the purchafe of the faid lands and mills as aforefaia, as the fame (hall be awarded and determined by the faid James Erjkine . of Grange, and David Erjkine of Dun9 fo as the laid award or determination be made on or before the firft day of Augufl one thoufand feven hundred and twenty-three; any thing in this or any other Jaw or ftatute contained to the contrary notwithftand* }ng,

55

1722.]	Anno	none Geo&gii I. c. 14*

X.	Provided always. That the faid awards and determinations to be given by the faid James Erjkine of Grange, and Da* ttid Erjkine of Dun, and by the faid earl of Dalhoufie, faid James Erjkine of Grange, David Erjkine of Dun, Sir John Clark of Pennycook, and George Dalrymple of Dalmahoy, or any three of them, in thefeveral cafes, and in purfuanceof the feveral bonds of arbitration before recited, and the ferns to be by them awarded, in all and each of the feveral before recited cafes, (hall be approved of by the faid overfeers, and that the ferns fo by them to be awarded, (hall only be a charge upon the duties arifing by this and the before recited ads of parliament, in fo far, as the feme (hall be approved of by the faid overfeers at one of their general meetings, and fuch approbation recorded in their books*

XI.	Provided alfo, That the bonds of arbitration before recited, and the awards to follow upon them, (hall be no ways binding or obligatory upon the magiftrates and council of the city of Edinburgh, or any parties fubmitters therein, further than the fame awards and fums to be awarded, (hall be approved of by the faid overfeers in manner before directed \ any law or fntute to the contrary notwithftanding.

. XII. And whereas for the better and more advantageous carrying on the fevered pwrpejes herein before mentioned, particularly for building a proper place, for keeping the publuk records, and for making a mw area for the church hereby directed to be built, and for making 41 communuation-flreet to the fields and grounds fituate on the north fide of the faid city, and for building a proper hall for the court of jufliciary and for the publici offices, it will be neeffary to pur chafe feveral boufes, lands, tenements and Jhops, fme of which may be the eflates of infants, femes covert or other perfons, who by law are dififblej to alien or convey the fame5 to prevent therefore any inters* veniencies that may arife by, from or on account of fuch difability, be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the feid magiftrates and council of the feia city of Edinburgh for the time wing, and they are hereby empowered and authorized by and with the approbation of the overfeers in this ad mentioned, or the majority of them pre-fent at any one of their meetings hereby appointed and directed, to treat and agree for the abfolute purchafe of all fuch houfes, lands, tenements and (hops as they (hall think proper and moft convenient for the purpofes herein before mentioned, with the feveral and refpedive owners thereof, and other perfons therein, interefted, being of full age; and in cafes of infancy, then with the parents, tutors or curators for and on behalf of any fuch infant; and in cafe of coverture, then with the huftaods or truftees of fecli wife, if there (hall be any : and it is hereby declared, that it (hall and may be lawful to and for all and every fuch parents, tutors, curators, hulbands and o-ther truftees, for and on behalf of any infant, feme covert or others, who arc or (hall be poilefled or feized of, or interefted in any houfe or houfes, (hop or (hops, lands or tenements fo

£ 4	to

\

56	Anno nono Georgii I. C. 14..	[1722J

to be agreed for as aforefaid, to fell and convey any fuch houfes, lands, (hops and tenements to the faid magiftrates and council of the faid city for the time being, with the approbation and authority of the proper judges, who are hereby authorized to give their confent to fuch purchafes in a fummary manner 5 and that fuch contracts, fales and conveyances, which (hall be fo made for the purpofes aforefaid, (hall be good, valid and effectual in law to ail intents and purpbfes; any law, llatute, nfage, or other matter or thing whatfoever to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

Purchafes to XIII. Provided always, and be it enaCted by the authority of £u ties*1* °Ut af°re^ai^> That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the ma-» graiited#by giftrates and council of the faid city for the time being, to pay. this a&	or caufe to be paid to the feveral or refpeCtive perfon or per-

fons hereby direfted and impowered to receive the fame, and to make conveyances of the faid houfes, lands, tenements and (hops, the feveral fums of money fo to be agreed for as aforefaid, for the purchafe of the faid houfes, lands, tenements and (hops, out of the money arifing by and from the faid duty or impofition hereby granted and continued, and that upon fuch payment the faid magiftrates and council of the faid city, and their fucceflors, (hall or lawfully may quietly hold and enjoy the houfes, lands, tenements and (hops fo to be by them pur-chafed for the purpofes aforefaid, for and during the feveral eftates and interefts fo to be by them purchafed, notwithftanding any coverture, infancy or other difability in the law whatever, in the owner or owners thereof, or other perfons therein interefted, to fell the fame, or make a good conveyance thereof without the ailiftance of this prefent a<ft.

XIV.	And to thi end that no perfon or perfons interejied in the faid houfes, lands, tenements or Jhops fo to be purchafed as aforefaid, may be defrauded of their refpeftive fharcs of the faid purchafe-money ; be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid parents, tutors, curators, hulbands and other perfons whatfoevet, to whom the faid purchafe-moncy is herein dirc&ed to be paid, and they are hereby directed and required, as foon as conveniently may be, by and with the approbation and direction of the lords of Money arifmg fe^ion in Scotland, to lay out and difpofe of all the monies arifing by the pur- 5 by fuch fale or falcs, in the purchafmg of other houfes, lands, chafe* how to tenements or (hops, in places moil convenient for the feveral be applied. perfons interefted and concerned, to be fettled in the fame way and manner, and under the fame reftriCHons, and to the fame purpofes, as the faid houfes, lands, tenements and (hops that (hall be fold or difpofed of by virtue of or in purfuance of this a& were fettled, limited and appointed, or otherways liable to at the time of fuch fale or fales, and to no other ufe, intent or purpofe whatfoever; and (hall, in the mean time and until fuch purchafe or purchafes can be had or made, by and with the approbation of the faid lords of feflion as aforefaid, lay out the lame upon good real and perfonaj fecurity, and apply and pay

57

1722.] Anno nono Georgii I. c. 14.

the intereft thereof, from time to time, to fuch perfon or perfons, and to fuch ufes, intents and purpofes, as the rents and profits of the faid houfes, lands, tenements and (hops, fo to be by them purchafed as aforefaid, would, if purchafed, belong or be payable.

XV.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That the Magiftrates (aid magiftrates and council of the faid city, /hall not in any

way be made chargeable with or accountable for the application rionofthe" or mifapplication of the faid money, or any part thereof, it money, being hereby declared, that the receipt, difeharge or acquittance of the feveral perfon or perfons hereby impowered to receive the (aid purchafe-money, (hall be in all events a fufficient exoneration and difeharge to the faid magiftrates and council of the faid city, and their fuccefTors for ever.

XVI.	And for the more effectual application of the money that Duties not to Jball arife from the aforefaid duty or impofttion, to the feveral ufes% be farmed* . intents and purpofes in this a£t mentioned, be it further enalted by

the authority aforefaid. That it (hall not be in the power of the faid magiftrates and council, at any time during the continuance of the faid duty, to farm, but they (hall and are hereby reftrained and prohibited from farming the faid duty or im-pofition, or any part thereof, for the terms for which the fame is hereby granted and continued, or for any part thereof, but that the fame (hall be levied and cfolledted by fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be from time to time appointed by the faid magiftrates and council, and the money ari(ing thereby (hall, from time to time, as the fame (hall be recovered and received, be applied and difpofed of to the feveral purpofes aforefaid, according to the direction of this and the former alts.

XVII.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid, or applied to That the magiftrates and council (hall have the adminiftration Sireaedby1*11 of the money ariftng by the duty or impofttion hereby granted this's^. ^ and continued, to the ufes, intents and purpofes in this alt mentioned; but they are hereby ftriltly prohibited and reftrained from applying the fame or any part thereof to any other ufe,

intent or purpofe whatfoever, but fuch as are hereby dire&ed and appointed.

XVIII.	And in order to their making the moji proper application Magiftrates to of the faid money; be it alfo further enabled by the authority a- ^nlult men of forefaid. That the faid magiftrates and council (hall proceed {he

with all convenient diligence, to the execution of the purpofes 0f this aft. in this alt mentioned, and particularly for building proper re-pofitaries for keeping the publick records $ and that they (hall, and they are hereby directed and required to advife with, and employ men of the beft (kill and knowledge in fuch matters as they are or intend to .carry on agreeable to this alt; and the opinion and advice fo given by fuch (kilful people, (hall and is hereby direlted, from time to time, to be entred in a book or books to be kept by the faid magiftrates and council for that puipofe'

XIX. And

5»	Anno	nono	GeoRGH I. C. 14.	[1722.’

XIX.	And it is hereby further declared, That it (hall not he lawful to and for the faid magiftrates and council to enter into any contrail or agreement, or fet about the execution of any of the ufes and purpofes by this ail directed, or any part of them, before and until the faid defign or part of the method of carrying it on, and the expence it may probably cod, be laid BMmoM.ic. before the overfeers, by the (aid ail of the third year of his pre-*° be* fent Majcfty’s reign, and this prefent ail named, at one of their fem, fcc/T- publick meetings j and that the fame be cxprefly agreed unto pointed by by the faid overleers, or majority of them prefent; and that gGeo.i.c.5. fuch their approbation (hall be (together with all other the proceedings of the faid overfeers at their feveral meetings) entred in a book or books to be kept for that purpofe.

And an efti- XX. And that no time may be loft in carrying on the feveral ufeful before them PurP°fts ^ deftgns h	directed, be it further enacted by

yeaHy,Win *b* authority aforefaid, That the faid magi Urates and counca 1	* (hall once every year, during the winter feafon, lay before the

faid overfeers, a general lid or e dim ate of the defigas intended and propofed to be carried on and executed dir the enfuk^ year, in order to have the approbation of the (aid overfeers g and in cafe the fame is by them approved of, they dull then be at liberty to proceed and go on with the fame, but in cafe the fame (hall be difapproved of by the (aid overfeers, then they (hall lay fome other defign before them, in order to their approbation, it being always intended that no vwrk (haU be carried on without having had fird the approbation of the bid overfeers $ and the faid magiftrates and council (haU lay like-wife before the (aid overfeers, on the firft lawful day of the. month of March every year, an account of wbat has been done for the preceding year, and what money has been laid out, to be confidered and approved of, or difapproved of by the laid overfeers; and no articles in fuch account (hall be allowed of, but fiach as (hall by the faid overfeers, or the majority of them, be approved.

Overfeers to XXI. And that no delay may bt occafttned by tbt overjiers not meet four meeting to give the proper directions, about carrying on the purpefet times a year, aforefaid; be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the laid overfeers (hall and may, and they are hereby required and directed to meet at lead four times in every year, vix. on the firft lawful day of the months of Auguft and March, and the firft Tuefday of the months' of June and December entry year, with power to adjourn themfelves from time to time, and meet pftner, if they (hall fee caufe, or (hall be fo defired by the magiftrates and council of the faid city of Edinburgh; and (hall at each of the faid meetings call for and perufe the feveral books and accounts dire&ed to be kept by the magiftrates and town council pf the feid city concerning the premifles; and the faid magiftrates and council are hereby directed to lay fuch books, ana iikewife an account of all the contracts or other proceedings concerning the premises, from time to time, before the

faid

59

Anno nono Georoii I. c. 14. *

laid overfeers, in order to be perufed and approved of by them.

XXII. And for the more regular keeping the accounts of the money arijing by this duty9 and afeertaining the ufes to which the fame Jhall be applied; be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That An account of the account of the faid duty, and the whole management there- duties See. to of, (hall be exadly and diftindly, regularly and fairly entred in ^STb^tSf books to be kept for that purpofe, Separate and diitind from ^ the other afiairs of the faid city, with the approbation of the overfeers j and the faid magiftrates and council of the faid city are to appoint a proper perfon or perfons for keeping the faid books; tnat in fuch books (hall be entred diftindly and clearly, copies of the feveral charges delivered in by the officers of his Majefty’s excife, upon the feveral and rcipedlive perfons fub-jeded to the payment of the faid duty or impofition, and how much the produce of the fame, from time to time, amounts to, and how the fame, and every part thereof, has been and (hall be difoofed of and laid out, to and for the ufes, intents and purpofes in this ad mentioned, and what has been done, and now much laid out for every particular purpofc; and the accounts of the amount of the (aid duty, and what (hall be expended thereout, with the feveral charges affeding the fame,

(hall be annually and every year balanced on the third Tuefday of February, until all the feveral ufes and purpofes by this adt directed, are fully and compleatly fatisfied and executed; all which (aid books, as well as the federunt book of the overfeers,

(hall be kept at the ordinary office to be appointed for that purpofe, and (hall be open and patent for the infpedion and perufal of any of the burgefles of the faid city, or any of the heritors or proprietors in the (hires of Edinburgh, Haddington and Linlithgm \ and the faid perfons (hall have free accefs, at lead one day in every fortnight, at the ufual office hours, to infped the (aid books, and to take any notes or memorandums therefrom, and that without any fee or reward, which day (hall be named and fixed by the faid magiftrates and council, by the approbation of the faid overfeers, and publick notice thereof given in fuch manner as they (hall dired.

XXIII. And whereas by the feud aft of the thirdyeat of bis prefent 3 Geo. 1. c. Majejlfs reign$ certain overfeers were to be named the fecond Tuef- overfeers to be day of the month of June every year, to truer fee and control the chofen an* management of the faid magiftrates and council concerning the faid nualy* duty; be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the faid overfeers named the fecond Tuefday of the month of June lad, (hall be and continue qverfeers of the faid duty or impofition by this ad granted and continued, till the fecond Tuefday of June next, and upon that day, and fo forth annually upon every fecond Tuefday of June every year, overfeers (hall be chofen and named, as in the (aid lad recited ad is mentioned, who, together with the commiifioner to parliament from the four (hires of Edinburgh, ^Haddington, Linlithgow and Fife9 (lull be mi continue overfeers, with the feme powers, and to the fame

pur*

6o

Anno nono Georgii I. C. 14.'

tiyiti

by this a&, when to bo made.

purpofes, as by the faid lad recited aft is more particularly mentioned.

A comoleat XXIV. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, date of the	That the magiftrates and council of the faid city for the time

bc*n5> ^all uPon tbc Tueflay of the month of July which v r “ a ‘ (hall be in the year of our Lord one thnufand feven hundred and fixty one, make a full, compleat, and perfeft date of all the money that (hall have been then arifen, by and from the faid duty or impolition hereby granted and continued, and of all fums of money laid out, from time to time, for the feveral purpofes in this aft mentioned, and of what debts (hall be then owing upon the accounts aforefaid, that it may thereby appear, if there remains any overplus $ and in cafe tnere (hall be any overplus, if is hereby direfted to be laid out by and with the approbation of the overfeers, for the time being, according to the direftions by this aft laid down and made.

XXV. And whereas by the faid recited aft of the third year of his prefent Majefly’s reign, a liberty is given to the perfonsy not fub~ jefted to the payment of this duty, to import ale and beer into the city, upon payment of the faid duty for the ale and beer imported only; and whereas that has been a great difcouragement to the brewers fubjefted to the payment of the faid dutyy and has been the occajion of great frauds, and Jhould it continue, might in great meafttre frujtrate the good dejign and intention of this aft; be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid liberty and claufe in the faid aft, (hall be and is hereby repealed; and that after the firft day of July one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, it (hall not be lawful for any brewer or feller of beer or ale, who is not fubjefted to the payment of this duty or impofition for all he fhall brew, to import or fell any beer or ale into the faid city, fuburbs, or liberties thereof, or into the faid parodies of Saint Cuthberfs, Canon-gatey or South and North Leithy or any part thereof, unlefs he or (he do previoufly give notice to the magiftrates of Edinburgh, or to their colleftor of the faid duty, at their office in Edinburgh, and agree to be fubjefted to and charged with the payment of this duty, for all the drink he or ihe brews, in the fame manner that brewers, fubjefted by this aft to the payment of this duty, are made chargeable there-* with ; and that any brewer or brewers, who (hall import or fell any ale or beer into the faid city, fuburbs, or liberties thereof. Notice to be or into any part of the faid parodies of Saint Cutbbert'sy Canon-given by brew- gatey South and North Leithsy without having given fuch pre-bwr^c tinS v*ous no*ice> and agreed as aforefaid, (hall be charged with an4 *	* liable in the payment of the faid duty for all ale and beer brew-

ed by him or her, during the twelve months immediately preceding his or her committing fuch offence, and in all time coming, during the continuance of this aft, in the fame manner that the brewers, by this aft fubjefted, are made liable for the payment of the fame.

SSVhw* XXVL Provi<kd	That this aft (hall not extend, or

import be conftrued to extend, to prevent or prohibit the importation

6t

1722J Anno fiono Georgii I. c. *4;

of Englijb or foreign ale or beer into the faid city, liberties, and fuburbs thereof, or into the faid pari (lies of Saint Cuthbert*si Canon-gate, South and North Leiths, but that it (hall and may be lawful to import the fame Into the places aforefaid, upon payment of the duty at prefent payable for the fame.

XXVII.	Provided alfo. That this aft (hall not extend or be

conftrued to extend to prevent or hinder any perfon redding in the faid city, or any other place, fubje&ed to the payment of the faid duty, who is not a brewer or feller or retailer of ale or beer, from brewing, or from importing ale or beer for the ufe of his own family only, but that it (hall and may be lawful for A!c> fuch perfon to brew or import ale or beer for the ufe of his own family only, without paying the faid duty for the fame;	'

any thing in this adt or any other ftatute to the contrary not-withftanding.

XXVIII.	And whereas by the in part recited aft of the third year of the King it is provided, That the magijirates and council with the eonfent of the ovtrfeers, may borrow any fum or fums of money for fulfilling the purpofes thereof and fubjcft the duty aforefaid, as a fecurity for payment of fuch Jums to be borrowed, and it being meant and intended by this aft, that provifeon Jhould be made from the money arifing from the faid duty, or impofition hereby granted and continued, for payment of the faid citfs debts, which bath been borrowed in purjuance of the faid recited aft of the third year of bis prefent Majejlys reign, or hath been enlifled among the debts of the faid city, with the approbation of the overjeers, as a charge upon the duty thereby continued, or which may be borrowed on or before the firft day of July next, with the approbation of the faid overfeers, or which may be borrowed in purfuance of the powers given by this prefent aft : and whereas the monies to be collefted annually by the faid duty, may not raife fuch a flock or fum of money, as may be fufficient for the fpeedy and effeftual carrying on and finijhing the defigns aforefaid, and that it therefore may be necejfary after the firfi day of July one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, to borrow a fum or fums of money to carry on the purpofes aforefaid, but it being likewife rea-Jonable to refrain the jaid magijirates and town council of the faid city, for the time being, from and after the firft day of July one thoufai. i feven hundred and twenty three, from borrowing very large fums of money, and thereby increafing too much the capital debts of the find city: be it therefore furtner enalted by the authority a-forefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the magi- Tht fum of ftrates of the faid city, for the time being, and they are hereby Je bwoweY authorized and impowered, from and after the laid firft day upon thu of July one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, to bor- duty.

row any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the fpra of twenty five thoufand pounds, and for fecuring the repayment thereof, by any writing under their hands and feals, to affign over the duty or impofition hereby granted and continued, to fuch perfon or perfons who (hall lend or advance the fame, which (aid money fo borrowed (hall be fo applied and diijpofed of, as the faid duty or impofition (hould have been ap-6	plied

*a

but atdifferent times.

Duty for the firft 19 years, bow to be ap-plied.

How on the fecond term of 19 years*

Anno nono GeoRGH t C. 14.	[1722.

piicd and difpofed of by this a£t, and to no other life, intent orpurpoft whatfoever.

XXIX.	Provided always, That the faid fum of twenty five thoufand pounds (hall not be borrowed all at once, but at fe-veral and different periods and times, and that not fooner of within lefs than the fpace of five years next after the (aid firft day of July one.thoufand fever* hundred and twenty three, and that the lame be borrowed at fuch times and in fuch manner only, as the faid overfeers (hall fee neceffary for the better carrying on all or any of the purpofes aforefaid: and it is hereby declared, That it (hail not be lawful to and for the faid magp* ftrates and council of the faid city for the time being, to bor+ row, at any time or times after the (aid firft day c? July one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, fo as to increafc the capital debts of the faid city, any fum or fums of money exceeding the fum of twenty five thoufand pounds as afore-faid.

XXX.	And be it further eoa&cd by the authority aforefaid. That the money arifing from the faid duty hereby granted, during the firft term of nineteen years, (hall be annually applied for payment of the whole annual payments hereby appointed aa aforefaid, with the intereft of the laid city’s capital debt that ihall be due on the faid firft day of July one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, and for extinguMhing of five hun* dred pounds annually of the faid capital debt, and wbat overplus thereof (ball remain over and above the paying of the an~ aual payments aforefaid, with the intereft of the faid capital debt, and of five hundred pounds annually towards the extinguishing of the faid capital debi, fhaU be applied for the purpofes before by this alt directed; and tint during the fecond term of nineteen years hereby granted, the money arifing from the faid duty (hall be applied annually for paying the aiorefeid annual fums hereby appointed, with the intereft of the remainder of the faid capital debt, and two thoufand pounds at lead annually towards extinguifhing and fatisfying the remainder of the faid capital debt, and what overplus of the (aid ditty ihall remain over and above fatisfying the annual payments a-fercfakl, with the intereft of the remainder of the faid capital debt, and two thoufand pounds at leaft annually for extinguishing the faid capital debt, ihall be applied towards the carrying on and perfelling the whole pubfick works aforefaid ; and that the perfons and eftates of fuch of the faid magiftrates and council, who (hall be accefiary to the increafing the (aid city’s capital debt to any greater fum than what is hereby allowed, during the (aid fpace of thirty eight years, from and after the find firft day of July one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, (hall be fiibjelt and liable to the faid city in relief of fetch fiums as (hall be borrowed by them, more than what is hereby provided and allowed.

XXXI.	And it is hereby provided and declared. That by the provilion for extmgui&ing die cky’s capital debt by the

fum

ijzz.J	Anno	nono	Georgii	I. c 14.	6§

Hum of five hundred pounds annually, during the firft term of nineteen years, and by the fum of two tboufand pounds at leaft annually, during the lecond term of nineteen years, it is to be underftood, that the debts which (hall be owing by the faid city on the faid firft day of July one thouland (even hundred and twenty three, together with the principal fum of twenty five tboufand pounds, which they are hereby impowered to borrow in manner aforefaid, (hall be really and truly leflened the (urn of forty feven tboufand five hundred pounds of principal, during the currency of this grant; and that it (hall not be in the Debts by this power of the magillrates and council4of the faid city, with or with-	extinguish

out the confent of the overfeers, again to replace or revive, by to ** any new borrowing or under any colour orpretext whatfoever,revlv * any debt or fum extinguiihcd by the annual,payments hereby appointed to be made towards the finking the laid capital debts of the laid city.

XXXII.	And in cafe any embezilment, mifapplication> negligence or other mifdcmeamr, mifmanagement of or concerning any part of the premises Jball happen, for which it may be proper'and reafonabli to jue before a court of jujiice: for redrefling thereof, be it eroded by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be in the Mi&pplk«tf»< power of the faid overfeers, or any three of them, or any fix onsof them* burgeffes of the faid city of Edinburgh, who have been in any ™?# office of magiftracy in the faid city, with confent of any two of rcar^ the faid overfeers, to commence and carry on fuch fait by way ed. of fummons or by fummary petition, to which the defendant or defendants (hall be obliged to appear and anfwer within eight days at mod after citation or fervice ufed againft him or them; and in cafe fuch fait or complaint be againft the magi-Urates or council, a citation ufed or ferved againft the lord provoft of Edinburgh for the time being, or againft any two of the bailies, (hall be a fufiicient*citation and fervice againft the whole magiftrates and council of the faid city ; and that if the plaintiff or plaintiffs prevail in their fait, or any materia) oranch or part thereof, the defendant or defendants in the faid fuit (hall pay the whole expences, which the (aid purfuers (hall upon oath declare they bellowed, in fo far as the fame does not exceed what is ordinarily bellowed and laid out in the like cafes, by reafon of a fait before that court; which expences (hall be allowed and decerned for, without any manner of deduction or abatement; any regulation, practice, cuftom or law to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding; and if the defendant or defendants oe acquitted from every material part or branch of the fait, they (ball, in like manner and as fully and amply, recover their whole expences and cods of fait from the plaintiffs in the (aid caufe.

XXXHI. Provided alfo. That it (hall be lawful to any four Freeholders of freeholders of the (hires of EdwhuKgh, Haddington, LMithgtw Edinburgh,. .. and Fife, in cafe of any embezilment or mifapplicationr of the *c* TnaJrTu^ duties arifing by this a<ft, or the alts in part before recited, to *raccsfCt.fbr 4ttC the magillrates and town council, oc others guilty of fuch mifappliah '

mif- tions.

Holyrood Houfe and Edinburgh cattle exempt from the duty,

Corporation eftates charge able with debts contracted in purfuance of this aft.

Eftates of ma-giftrates an-iwerable for mifapplica-fion.

Petty cuftoras difcontinued during this aft.

Annua] payments, how long to continue.

Thisapublick

aa.

Su s Geo. a*, c. as.

Anno nono Georgii I. 0.14"	[1722.'

mifapplication or embezilment, in the fame form, manner and way, and under the fame provifoes, as is before directed in relation to profecutions at the fuit of the burgefies, and that with or without any confent of the overfeers.

XXXIV.	Provided, That nothing in this aft (hall be con-ftrued to fubjeft any ale or beer, brewed and confumed within the precinfts of Holyrood Houfe and caftle of Edinburgh, to the above duty and impofition.

XXXV.	Provided alfo. That no fums or debts contrafted or borrowed in purfuance of this aft, and for the ufes and pur-pofes above recited, (hall any ways affeft or be a charge upon the eftates perfonal or real of any of the burgefles or inhabitants of the faid city of Edinburgh ; but neverthelefs, that the debts lawfully contracted in purfuance of this and the other afts in part recited, (hall and may be lawfully charged upon the property and perfonal eftate belonging to the faid city or Edinburgh and body corporate thereof; any law or ftatute to the contrary riot-withftanding.

XXXVI.	Provided alfo. That the eftate perfonal or real of any magiftratc or counfellor, who (hall be convifted to be guilty of any malverfation done or committed contrary to the true intention of this and the afts in part recited, (hall be fubjeft to refund and repay fuch damage as (hall be adjudged to have been incurred by fuch malverfation, at the fuit of any of the perfons, who by this aft are impowered to fue or profecute the magiftrates and council of the (aid city in cafe of malverfation or mifapplication of the duties arifing by this and former afts in part above recited.

XXXVII.	And whereas by the faid recited aft of parliament of the third year of his prefent Majefty’s reign it is enafted. That from and after the firft day of July one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three certain dues, paid and commonly known by the name of Pctty-port euJloni5> payable at the ports of the faid city of Edinburgh, (hould be difcontinued and ceafe during the continuance of that aft, and no longer; be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid dues and petty cuftoms (hall be difcontinued and ceafe during the continuance of this aft, and no longer; any thing in this aft or any other aft of parliament, or any ufage or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXVIII.	And it is hereby further enafted and declared. That the annual payments before-mentioned, with which the aforefaid impofition is burdened by this aft, (hall continue and endure only till the firft day of July which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand (even hundred and fixty one, and no longer; any thing in this aft or in any other aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

'XXXIX. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That this aft (hall be deemed and taken to be a publick aft, of which notice (hall by all courts in this kingdom be judicially

tf2i.j	Anrio	nono'GEoSGii	I.	c. 15.'

dicially taken, and all judges, juftices and other perfons are hereby required to take notice of it as fuCh.

CAP. XV*

An a£i to infltii fains and penalties on John Plunket.

WHEREAS in the years one thoufand fevtn hundred and twenty one, and one thoufand jeven hundred and twenty two, a detejlable and horrid tonfpiraty was formed and carried on by divers traitors for invading your Majejifs kingdoms with foreign forces, for raiftng an inJurre£Hon arid rebellion agatnfl your Maie-fih for /sizing the moer and city 6f London, and for laying violent bands upon your Mai eft ft moft Jacred perfon, and upon hit royal bighnefs the prince of Wales, in order to fubvert our prefent happy eftabhjhment in church and ft ate, and to place a popijh pretender on your throne: and whereat for the better concealing and effecting the faid confpiracy, divers treajonable correfpondencies were, within the time aforefaidy carried on by letters written in Cyphers, cant words, and fictitious names; which conjpiracy, had not Almighty God in hit great mercy difappointed the fame, would have deprived your Majesty's kingdoms of the enjoyment of their religion, laws and liberties, involved them in blood and ruin, and fubjeCted your people to the bondage and oppreffion tf/'Romifti fuperjlition and arbitrary power .• for which execrable treafon Chriftopher Layer hath been indicted, tried, convicted and attainted. And whereas John Plunket hath been a principal aCtor in the faid horrid and detejlable confpiracy, by traiteroufly confulting and correfponding with divers perfons, to rmfe an infurreCHon and rebellion againjl your Majejty within this kingdom, and to procure a foreign force to invade the fame, with a de-fign to depofe your Majefty, and to place the pretender on your throne* by traitiroujly correfponding with the faid pretender, and by engaging in a moft execrable and villainous defign of laying violent hands upon the facred perfon of your Majejly (whom God long preferve) : therefore to manifeft our juft abhorrence of fo wicked a confpiracy, and our zeal and tender regard for the prefervation of your Majefty’s perfon and government, and for the proteftant fuc-ceffiort in your Majefty’s royal family, the folid foundation of our prefent happinefs and future hopes; and to the end that no confpirator may, by any contrivance or practice whatsoever, efcape punifhment, and that all perfons may be by the juftice of parliament for ever hereafter deterred from engaging in any traiterous confpiracies or attempts,' we your' Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in parliament aflembled, do humbly befeech your Majefty, that it may be enaded, and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-lent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That thp laid John Plunket (hall be detained and kept in clofe and fafe cuftody, without bail or mainprize, during the pleafure of his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefiors, in any gaol or prifon within the kingdom of Great Britain \ to the cuftody of the gaoler or Vol. XV,	F	keeper

Ajmo nono Georgu I. c. 16. {i7iai

keeper whereof, the faid John Plunket (hall from time to time be committed, in purfuance of this a<3, by warrant under the hand and feal of any fecretary of ftate of his Majefty, his heir* Or fucceftors: which warrant or warrants any fecretary of ftate for the time being, is hereby authorized and impowered to make; and that the faid John Plunket (hall forfeit to his Majefty all his lands, tenements, hereditaments, goods and chattels whatsoever.

II. And for more fure detaining the faid John Plunket in fife cufoayy be it further cnafted by the authority aforefaid. That it the faid John Plunket (hall break fuch gaol or prifon to which he (hall be fo committed, or (hall efcape out of the cuftody of the perfon in whofe cuftody he (hail be by virtue of fuen commitment, that then the faid John Plunket, and all and eve-TJ perfon and perfons whatfoever, who (hall be aiding or aflift-fng the faid John Plunket in breaking fuch gaol or prifon, or in making fuch efcape, as aforefaid, or who (hall by force take or fefeue the faid John Plunket out of fuch cuftody, gaol, or prifon, during the continuance of his imprifonment by virtue of this a6t, being thereof lawfully convi&ed, (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer death as in cafe of felony, without benefit of clergy.

CAP. XVI.

An all to infill pains and penalties on George Kelley alias Johnfon.

WHEREAS in the years one thoufand/even hundred and twenty onei and one thoufand Jeven hundred and twenty two* a detefable and hotrid eonfpiracy was formed dhd carried on by divers traitors for invading your Majefty*s kingdoms^ with foreign forces» for raifeng an infurreffion and rebellion againf your Maiejtyy for feizing the tower and cits 0/London, and for laying violent bands uton your Majefty* s moft Jacred perfon, and upon his royal bighnefs the prince of Wales, in order to fuiruert our prefent happy efabUjo-ment in church and ftatey and to place a popijb pretender on your throne: and whereas for the better concealing and ejfeffing the faid eonfpiracy y divers treafonable corefpondencies werey within the time aforefaid, carried on by letters written in cyphersy cant words and fffitious names; which eonfpiracy, bad not Almighty God in his great mercy difappointed the fame, would have deprived your Majeftfs kingdoms of the enjoyment of their religiony laws and libertiesy involved them in blood and ruiny and fubjeded your people to the bond* age and opprejfton of Romi(h fvperftition and arbitrary power: fot winch execrable treafm Cbriftopher Layer hath been indiHedy tried* convilled and attainted. Jnd whereas George Kelley alias John-fon bath been a principal aflor in the fold horrid and deteftabli con* fpiracyy by traiteroujly conjulting and correfponding with divers per-fins to procure a foreign force to invade this kingdomy and to raifo an infurreffion and rebellion againf your Majefy within the fame, with defgn to depofe your Majefty y and place the pretender on your throne j fir treafonable practices in which eonfpiracy the faid George

Kelley

1722.1	Anno notio Oeorgii I. c. 16.

Kelley alias Johnfon being arrejied% and divers papers then ftrni about him feized) in pursuance of a warrant under the band and feal of one of your Majejtfs principalfecretaries offlate% for feizing and apprehending him the faid George Kelley alias Johnfon, together with his paters, and the faid George Kelley alias Johnfort being in ctiflody of a mejfenger by virtue of the faid warranty did hf force and violence, with a drawn [word* make an ajfault upon and rejif the faid Mejfcngerj with an intent to defray the faid papers, ana did burn the Jame: therefore to manifeft our juft abhorrence of fo wicked and abominable coiifpiracy, and our zeal and ten* der regard for the prefervation of your Majefty’s perfon and government, and of the proteftant fucceffion in your Majefty’* royal family, the folid foundation of our prcfent happinefs and future hopes; and to the end that no confpirator may, by any Contrivance or practice whatfoever, efcape punifhment, and that all perfons may by the juftice of parliament be for ever hereafter deterred from engaging in any traiterous confpiracies or attempts* we your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjedts, the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in parliament ailembled, do humbly befeech your Majefty, that it may be enadted ; and be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent maje-fty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in parliament ailembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid George Kelley alias Johnfon (hall be detained and kept in clofe and (afe cuftody, without bail or mainprize, during the pleafure of his Majefty, his heirs and fuedeflors, in any gaol or prifon within the kingdom of Great Britain; to the cuftody of the gaoler or keeper whereof, the faid George Kelley alias Johnfon (hall from time to time be committed, in purfuance of this adf, by warrant tinder the hand and feal of any fecretary of ftate of his Majefty, his heirs br fucceflors : whicn warrant or warrants any fecretary of ftate for the time being, is hereby authorized and impowered to make and that the faid George Kelley alias Johnfon (hall forfeit to his Majefty, all his lands, tenements, hereditaments, goods and chattels whatfoever.

II. And for the mdre fute detaining the faid George Kelley alias Johnfon in fafe cu/lody, be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That if the faid George Kelley alias Johnfon (hall break the gaol of prifon to which he (hall be fo committed, or (hall efcape out of the Cuftody of the perfon in whofe cuftody he (hall be by virtue of fuch commitment, that then the (aid George Kelley alias Johnfon, and all and every perfon add perfons whatfoever, who (hall be aiding or afiiftidg the faid Georgi Kelle) alias Johnfon in breaking fuch gaol or prifon* or in mak* ing fuch eicape, as aforefaid, or who (hall by force take o* refcue the faid George Kelley alias Johnfon. out of fuch cuftody* gaol, or prifon, during the continuance of his im prifon meat by virtue of this adt, being thereof lawfully convidted, (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer death as in cafe of felony, without benefit of clergy*

'	Fa’	’	CAP.	XVII*



Anno nono GeoRGH I. c. 17.

CAP. XVIL

An aft to inflift pains and penalties on Francis lord bifhop of Rochefter.

WHEREAS in the years one thoufand /even hundred and twenty one, and one thoufand /even hundred and twenty two, a detefable and horrid confpiraey was formed and carried on by divers traitors for invading your Majeffs kingdoms with foreign forces, for raiftng an infurreflion and rebellion againf your Majefy, for feizing the tower and city of London, and for laying violent bands ~ubon your Majeftfs moft /acred perfm, and upon his royal bighnefs the prince of Wales, in order to fubvert our prefent happy efablijb-ment in church and fate, by placing a popijh pretender on your thronei and whereas for the better concealing and ejfiefling the faid amfpira-cy, divers treafonable correfpondencies, were* within the time afore-faid, carried on by letters written in cyphers, cant words, and fifli-tious names; which confpiraey, had it not been difappointed by the goodnefs of Almighty God, would have deprived your Majefy's king-. doms of the enjoyment of their religion, laws and liberties, involved them tn blood and ruin, and fubjefled your people to the bondage and opprejfion of Romifh fuperjtition and arbitrary power: for which execrable treafon Chriftopher Layer hath been indifled, tried, con-vifled and attainted. And whereas Francis lord bijhop of Rochefter, notivith/anding the many folemn ajjiirances by him given of his faith and allegiance to your Majefy, by taking the oaths by law ap» pointed to be taken infead of the oaths of allegiance and fupremacy,

‘which oaths he had hkcwtfe taken at fundry times, during the refpec-' five reigns of their late majefies King William and Queen Mary, and of oer late majefy Queen Anne ; and notwithftaming he had frequently abjured the pretender, hath, in direfl violation of bis faid ■ repeated oaths and obligations* and to the great fcandal of religion, and his holy funflion, been deeply concerned in forming, dire fling and carrying on the faid wicked and dctefable confpiraey, and hath been 'a principal aflor therein, by traiteroufly con/ulting and correjponding with divers perfons to raife an infwrreflion and rebellion againf your Majefy ivithin this kingdom, and to procure a foreign force to invade the fame, in order to depofe your Majefy, and place the pre-tender on your throne 5 and by traiteroufy correfponding with the faid pretender, and perfons employed by him, knowing them to be fo employed: therefore to manifeft our juft abhorrence of fo wicked and abominable a confpiraey, and our zeal and tender regard for the prefervation of your Majefty’s perfon and government, and of the proteftant fucceffion in your Majefty’s royal family, the folid foundations of our prefent happinefs and future hopes; 'and to the end that no confpirator may, by any fubtil contrivance or practice whatfoever, efcape punilhment, and that ‘all others may by the juftice of parliament be for ever hare-after deterred from engaging in any traiterous conlpirades or attempts, wc your Majefty^s moft dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in parliament affernblcd, do humbly bcfecch your Majefty, that it may be

cnatted';

1722.] Anno nono GeoRG 111, c. 17.'	69

enabled; and be it enalted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual ana temporal, and commons in parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid* Francis lord bifhop of Rocbefier, from and after the firft day of June, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, fhall be and is hereby, to all intents and purpofes, deprived of all and lingular his offices, dignities, promotions, and benefices ecclefiaftical whatfoever, and that the fame, and every of them, fhall from thenceforth be actually void, as if he were naturally dead; and that the faid Francis lord bifhop of Rochejier fhall from thenceforth for ever be difabled, and rendred incapable of and from taking, holding, or enjoying any office, dignity, promotion, benefice, or employment within tnis realm, or any qther his Majefty’s dominions, and alfo of and from ufing or cxercifing any office, function, authority, or power ecclefiaftical or fpiritual whatfoever, and (hall and do fuffer perpetual exile, and be for ever banifhed this realm, and all other his Majefty’s dominions, and fhall depart out of the fame on or before the five and twentieth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thou-fluid feven hundred and twenty three; and that if the faid Francis lord bifhop of Rochejier fhall return into or be found within this realm, or any other his Majefty’s dominions at any time after the faid five and twentieth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, he the faid Frauds lord bilhop of Rochejier, being thereof lawfully convi&ed, (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and fhall fuffer and forfeit as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy, and (hall be utterly incapable of any pardon from his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors,

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That all and every perfon and perfons, who fhall, from and after the faid five and twentieth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, be aiding or aflifting to the return of the faid Francis lord bifhop of Ro~ chefer into this realm, or any other his Majefty’s dominions, or fhall harbour or conceal him within the fame, or any of them, being thereof lawfully convidted, fhall be adjudged guilty of felony, and fhall fuffer and forfeit as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

IIL And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid.

That if any of the fubjedts of his Maiefty, his heirs or fucccf-fors, except fuch perfons as fhall be licenfed for that purpofe by bis Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, under his or their fign manual, (hall, from and after the faid five and twentieth day pf June, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, within this realm or without, hold, entertain, or keep any intelligence or correfpondence in perfon, or by letters, meflages, or otherwife, with the faid Francis lord bilhop of Rochejier, or with any perfon or perfons employed by fiinb knowing fuch perfon or perfons to be fo employed, fuch

F 3

70	Anno	nono G.eorgii I. c. 18.	[172?.

perfon fp offending, being thereof lawfully convided, fliaH be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer and forfeit as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

IV. And be it further ena&ed, That if any offence againfl this a& (hall be committed out of this realm, the fame (hall or tnay be alledged, laid, enquired 0f, ^nd tried in any county yvithin Great Britain.

CAP. XVIIL

4n Q& for granting an aid to bis Majejly by laying a tan uponpaptfts, and for making fucb other perfons, as upon flue fummons Jball refufe or neglect to take the oaths therein mentioned, to contribute towards the faid tan, for re-itnburfing to the publick part of the great expences occa-/toned by the late cqnfpiracies and for difeharging the ejlates of papifts from the two third parts of the rents and profits thereof for one year, and all arrears of . the fame, and from fucb forfeitures as are therein more particularly deferibod.

1 Geo. i. ftat. TVA" OST gracious Sovereign, whereas your Majejly in the firfl s» Of sPf JLVjL year of your reign was gracioufiy pleafed to fignxfy, by a mef-fage to the boufe of commons then in parliament ajfimbled, your royal eonfent, That the two third parts of the rents and profits of the lands, tenements, hereditaments, l/bfes and farms of all and every perfon apd perfons, who was, were or Jbould be a popijb recufant or popijb recufants convift, which by the laws and ftatutes of this realm then in force were or might be feized or taken into your Majejly*s hands for fucb recufancy, might be raifed, levied and applied towards your Majejly*s fupply for fupprejfmz the unnatural rebellion then lately made: and to the end the faid. two third parts of the faid ejlates, and the yearly and other values of them, and every of them,, might be better aifeovered, known, deferibed and afeertained, and that the publick might have the benefit of your Majejly*s gracious condefcen-Jion in relation to the fame, by perception of the rents and profits thereof y or by laying feme tax or charge in lieu thereof \ or otberwife, as Jhould afterwards be determined in parliament to be reefonable, one aft was made and pajfed in the faid firjl year of your majejly*s * Gee. 1. ftat. reign, intituledy Ar> adt for appointing coipmiffioners to enquire a.	of	the	eftates of certain traitors, and of popifh recufants, ant)

pf eftates given to fuperftitious ufes, in order to raife money out of them fcverally for the ufe of thje publick; in purfuanee of which aft certain commiffioners therein named were appointed (a-mongfl other things) to enquire concerning the faid ejlates, and the values of them, and the two third parts of the famey liable to feissurf for the ufe of the publick; and particularly what popijb recufants or papijlsy or perfons educated in the pepijb religiotiy or whofe parents Jhould be papifls, or who Jbould ufe or profefs the popijb religion, ' Jbould not take the paths, and make and fubferibt the declaration preferred by any other aft of that JeJJfon of parliament^ within the re?

Jfefiiv$

*711.]	Armo nono Ge'orgii I. c. r$.	ji

fpeftive times thereby appointed, or in default thereof Jbould not re-gifler or procure to be regifired, his, her or their names and efiates, in the manner and form prefcribed by fuch other aft within the re-foeftive times thereby limited in that behalf and to do fuch other matters and things , as by the faid aft fir ft mentioned were authorized by the faid eommiffioners to be done and performed, by which aft all the monies to arije to your Majefty by, for, upon or out of the federal and refpeftive efiates and inter efts thereby intended to be en~ quired into (except as therein is excepted) are appropriated to tht ufe of the public, and Jbould be applied thereunto by authority of parliament, and not otherwife: and whyreas in and by another aft made and pajfed in the faid Jejfion of parliament* held in the faid fir ft fear of your Majefifs reign, intituled, An aft to oblige papifts j Geo. i. flat* Co regifter their names and real efiates, reciting, that the papifts *• c. 5$. tuitkin this kingdom, notwithfianding the tender regard that had been Jbewn them for many years then loft pafi, and their enjoyment tf the proteftion and benefit of the government, had all, or the greateft part of them, been concerned in Jlirring up and fupporting the then late unnatural rebellion, by which they had brought a vaft gxpence upon this nation, and that it manifeftly appeared by their behaviour, that they take themfebues to be obliged, by the principles they frofefs, to be enemies to your Majefly and the prefent happy eftablijb-fnent, watching all opportunities of fomenting and Jlirring up new rebellions and diftwrbances within this kingdom, and of inviting foreigners to invade it; and that it was highly reafonable that they Jbould contribute a large Jhare to all fuch extraordinary expences, as 'were or Jbould be brought upon this kingdom by their treachery and infiigation \ and to the end that by paying largely to the great expences which they had brought upon thif nation, they might be deterred, if pojjible, from the like offences for the future, and that this nation mtght have the benefit of your Majefiy's moft gracious eondefeenfion, in giving your interefi in the faid two third parts, by feizing the fame, or by laying fome tax of charge upon their efiates in lieu thereof, in fuch proportions, and in fuco manner as Jbould be determined to be reafonable in parliament, it was thereby enafted. That all and yvery perfon and perfons, not having taken the oaths therein mentioned before the lafi day ^Trinity-Term one thoufand feven hundred (tndfixteen, having any efiate or inter efi in any lands, tenements or hereditaments, or who afterwards Jhould have any eftate or intertfl in any lands, tenements or hereditaments in England, Wales or Berwick upon Tweed, who was or Jbould be a popijh recufant or fapifi, or was or Jhould'be educated in the popijh religion, or whoji 'parent or parents, was, were or Jhould be a papift fr papifts, or who Jhould ufe or profefs the popijh religion, Jhould, within fuch fe-* tteral and refpeftive times as are thereby limited, take the feveral oaths, and repeat and fubferibe the declaration- in the fame aft prefcribed, in fuch court as is therein mentioned, or in default thereof fbouli repjter or eaufe to be regifired the fame, within fueb time\ emd'in Jueb manner and form as are thereby direfted, under the pc- conjm^l0n. ualtiis and forfeitures therein expreffed; and whereas on the nineteenth crs rcport 19 dot */Tfebniary one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen, a report, Feb. 171*.

'	f	f

Anpo nono G&qkgii I. C. 18. [ijzz.

figned by /even of the faid comtmjjioners, wa$ prifented to the then boufe of commons, with an appendix containing the names of the pa-pifls who had before that time regiftred their ejlatcs, and the amount of the yearly rents, as by them refpeftively Jet forth; which yearly rents, fo fet forth for fuch ejlates fo regijlredy do amount in the whole to three hundred eighty four thoufand nine hundred and fifty pounds fix Jbillings and fix pence three farthings per annum, or thereaboutSy over and above large fums arifing from time to timey for fines payable and paid by the leafihold and copyhold tenants to fuch of the faid papifis as have fo regifired their eftates $ which fines fo en-frea by them in the faid regijlersy do amount to a very great Jum in the wholty and may jufily be efieemed to produce a tonfiderable profit communibus snnis, and over and above the yearly values of a great part of their regiftred efiatesy whereof no values are fet down by them m their faid regijlersy touching which yearly values lafi men* fionedy another appendix or book was9 on or about the faid nineteenth day February one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen prefented to the then houfe of commons by the faid commijfionersy and the fame do amount to a very confederate value in the whole, not comprehended in the faid fium of three hundred eighty four thoufand nine hundred and fifty pounds fix Jhillings and three pence three farthings per annum ; and it is highly probable that feveral perfonSy who9 fence the making of the aft lafi in part before recited, ought to have regifired their efiatesy have wholly neglefted fo to do9 or have not duly and faithfully regiftred the fame9 and have been guilty of fuch omif-JionSy frauds and concealmentSy that the true values of the efiates of papifis regifired or not regijlredy or the two third parts of them, or any of them, cannot as yet be aftertained: and whereas it is notorious9 that Juice the making of the Jaid afts in part before recitedy the papifis and their abettorSy or many of them9 have given feveral frejb infiances of their readmefi and zeal informing plots ana confpiracies9 and in fomenting and Jtirfing up rebellions and difiurbances for the wicked ends and purpofes above mentionedy which fonfpiracies and difiurbances have brought a further great expence and burthen upon your Majefiy s good fubjefts; and therefore it is thought reafonable9 that in fatisfaftion of fuch jhare as they ought to contribute towards the extraordinary expenses brought upon this kingdemy and in lieu of the two third parts of the rents and profits of the faid efiates to grow due to your Majefiy within and for one year9 commencing from the twenty fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and twenty threty and all arrears of the faid twp third parts incurred or to be incurred before the faid twenty fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, and in lieu of all fuch penalties and forfeitures as are hereafter in and by this aft intended to be difeharg-pdy there Jball be raifedy levied and colly fted the full fum of one hundred thoufand pounds upon fuch papifis and others as are herein after iefcribeiy and upon their rej'peftive efiatesy in fuch proportionsy and _ in fuch manner and form as are herein after dire fted 5 and that thy fame Jball be paid to your Majefiy for the ufe of the publick: now we your Majefty’s moil dutiful and loyal lubje&s, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, have given an$

granted*

f yz2.]	Anno nonoGEORGH I. c.19.	pj

Sinted, and do by this prefcnt aft give and grant to your ajefty, the rates and affeffments herein after mentioned, and do moft humbly befeech your Majefty, That it may be enafted,

Uc. EXP.

100,0001. to be alleiled on all papifts of iSyears of age, over and above the double taxes by the land-tax. If the full fura charged be duly paid it fhall difcharge papifls ellates from the two thirds of the rents thereof for one year, and from all penalties for recufancy, &c. Lands, Sec. regiilred, fince veiled in proteftants, either by taking the oaths, or by death, or alienation before 15 Dec. 171a, or veiled m infants, commit-fioners to certify it into the remembrancers office, and that part fhall be difcharged. Lands, &c. liable to rent charges, &c. Owners may de-du& the tax. Jointures, See. out of regiftred eftates difcharged.

CAP. XIX.

An aSt to continue the duties for encouragement of the coin-age of monies ; and for relief of William late lord Wid-drington ; and to prevent foreign lotteries being carried on in this kingdom; and for afeertaining the duties on bound books imported; and for iffuing certificates and debentures for arrears due to five regiments, to be fatisfiei by annuities therein mentioned \ and for difebarging the duties of rock-falt loft on the rivers Weaver and Mercy; and for limiting the times of continuance of commiftioners for forfeited eftates in England and Scodand refpeilive-ly •, and for appropriating the fupplies granted to bis Majefty in this feftton of parliament’, and to rectify mifnomers and omijfions of commiftioners for the land-tax in the year-one tboufand feven hundred and twenty three.

MAY it pleafe yoftr ptoft excellent Majefty, whereas great benefit and advantage did accrue to England by one act 'of parliament, pafted in the eighteenth year of tie reign of his majefty King Charles the Second, intituled. An a<51 for encouraging of i, Car. *, c. 5. coinage, and continued by another ait made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of his fetid majefty King Charles, intituled. An aft for ijCar... c. S. continuing a former aft concerning coinage ; both which faid afts were revived by an ail made in the firft year of the reign of bis ma- , jefty King Janies the Second’, and were continued by an ait made in 1J4*c- 7* the fourth' year of King William and Queen Mary, of. blefted me- 4 W. & M. mory; and were further continued by on ail made in the twelfth year c. *4. of the reign of the faid late King Wiliiam; and were further eon- ** * *j W. j. sinned by an ail made in the fevtnth year of the reign of her latecf .. . tywjefty Queen Anne, of blefted memory, and then extended to Scotland ; and were further continued by an ait made in the firft year * Ge®’ *♦ ***• of your Majefty*s reign, to be in force for feven years, from the firft ** C'4J* day of March one tboufand feven hundred and fifteen, and until the end ef thefirft feffion of parliament then next following, and no longer ; fo that unjefs the Jaid ails be revived and continued the en-fouragatunt given thereby will etafe, and this kingdom bf deprive4

b	/*

The aSt for /encouraging the coinage /continued for feven years

fraud by 19 j&o* *. c. 14*

Aiine nono GeorgiI I. ci. r<£	[1722;

fbr the future of fo great a good, as it hath for many years lajl paji enjoyed : now wc your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjeds, the commons of Great Britain in parliament affembled, do give and grant unto your Majefty the rates, duties and impofitions herein after mentioned, for and during the term and time herein after exprefled, and do humbly pray, that it may be cnaded; and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent maje-fty, by and with the advice and confent of the loitfs fpiritual and temporal and commons* in this prefent parliament aflem-

___ bled, and by the authority of the fame. That fuch and the

from i March hke rates, duties and impofitions, as, by the faid ad of parlia-17*3, and to ment of the eighteenth year of the reign of King Charles the next of ^ccon<^’ wcre granted, and by the faid fubfequent ads were parliament. °* coptinped for and upon the importation of wines, vinegar, 19 Car. a. c. 5. cyder, beer, brandy and ftrong waters imported during the Farther eonti- jefpedive terms or times therein mentioned, (hall be further ^arch*™ continued, and be paid and payable to his Majefty, his heirs for fwe¥°* an<J fucceflors, for	and upon all wines, vinegar, cyder, beer,

years, by	brandy apd ftrong	waters,	which (hall be imported or brought

▲Geo. a. c. is. into Great Britain within or during the fpace of feven years, td commence from the firft day of Jffhrch one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, and* until the end of the firft feffion of parliament then next following, and no longer; and that all the faid former ads, and all other ads of parliament concerning coinage, and every of them, and every claufe, article and fentence in them,	or any	of them contained, now being it)

force, (hall be and	are, by	virtue of this ad, revived and con-

tinued, and (hall be in force, and be duly put in execution, for and during all fuch term and time, as are before mention-* cd, as fully and effedually, as if the fame were particularly repeated and re-enaded in the body of this prefent ad; any former law, ftatute, provi$on, matter or thing whatfoever tp the contrary notwithftanding.

II.	And to the end the importers of gold and filver into the mints of England and Scotland refpedivefy, may not he difeou-raged by*any deficiency of the revenue by this ad fettled for defraying the coinage thereof, be it further enaded by the authority afore&id. That it (hall and may be lawfol to and for the commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the lord high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, out of the monies arifing by this ad, or out of any other the publick fup-plics granted or to be granted by parliament, to caufe fo much money to be applied, as (hall be neceflary for defraying the ex-penccs of the (aid mints of England and Scotland refpedively, by. way of impreft and upon account for that fervice, fo as the fame, together with the coinage duties arifing by this ad, dQ not exceed in any one year the fum of fifteen thoufand pounds, and fo as the faid monies be ifliied out of the exchequer of Great Britain to the mailer of the mint in England, and the mafter of tjip mint in Sfofhrfd r^fpcflivety* for the faid purpofes.

W* 4$4

19,0001. for

/defraying the acpences of the mints of England and Scotland yearly-

1722.] Anno nono Georgii I. c. 19.'	75

III.	And whereas all the real and perfenal ejlate of WiHiam. late Claufc forre-lord Widdrington, attainted of high treafin, was* by one or more #3 or afls of parliament vejled in truftees* to be' fold for the ufe of drington. the publicly and by the fale thereof and the rents and profits received before the fame was foul* the fum of one hundred thoifana pounds and upwards* hath been raifed, and the treated part thereof hath been fince paid into the receipt of his Majefiys exchequer: and whereas the Jaid William late lord Widdrington, having for thefe feven years loft pafi been dejiitute of all necejfary Jubfijlance* has contracted tonfiderable debts* for the fupport and maintainance of himfelf and his family: now in companion to the deplorable condition of the faid late lord Widdrington and his family, we your Majefty’s laid dutiful and loyal fubjedls, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, do humbly pray, that it may be ena&ed ; and be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Th#t the full fum of twelve thoufand pounds, out of the money arifen or to arife at the exchequer, from the fale or produce of all, every or any the eftates forfeited for treafon in the late rebellion, which o* jtates by one or more adt or aSts were veiled in truftees, to be fold for the ufe of the publick, (hall and may be taken, ilTued and applied, for and towards the future fupport and maintenance of the faid William late lord Widdrington and his family, and for the payment of his debts, without account, impreft or other charge to be let upon him for the feme, or any part thereof.; and the commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer.for the time being, aro hereby authorized, impowered and diredled to caufe the faid fum of twelve thoufejid pounds, apd every or any part thereof; to be iffued and paid to the faid William late lord Widdrington or his afligns, accordingly, without any abatement for fees or charges, or other deduction or abatement whatsoever, any former law or ftatute to the contrary, or any incapacity by reafon of the attainder of the faid late lord Widdrington notwithftand-mg.

IV.	And whereas in order to elude the many good laws made for Cjai|pc t0 fupprejfing unlawful lotteries* jcveral evil-dtfpojed perfons have of vent foreign late prejumed to cre£t and carry on feveral lotteries, upon pretence and lotteries being colour of fome grairt or authority given by foreign primes or (latest «fried on in for the better preventing of which illegal practices for the Future,11111 ■ungd0,lu be it declared and enacted by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons (hall, from and after the firft'day of July-pne thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, by virtue or colour of apy grant or authority from any foreign prince, (late or government whatfoever, ered, fet up, continue or keep, or (ball caufe or procure to be created, fet up, continued or kept, any lottery, or undertaking in the nature of a lottery, under any denomination whatfoever, or (lull make, print or publifh, or caufe to be made, printed or publilhed, any propofal or fcheme for any fuch lottery or undertaking, or (hall within this kingdom fell or difpofe of any ticket or tickets m any foreign lottery, and be convidcd of *ny the laid offences, upqn the oath or.

oaths

Penally.

Appeal to

mirteivfef’

sons.

Hooka bound importedi to pay, v4s. per hundred weight.

How to be raked*

Anno nono Georgii I. c. 19.	[1722.

oaths of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, by two or more juftices of the peace of the county, divilion or liberty where fuch offence (hall be committed, or the offender fhall be found (which oath fuch juftices of the peace are hereby im-powered and required to adminifter) the perfon fo convicted (hall for every fuch offence (over and above any former penalties inflidted by any former aft or alts of parliament made a-gainft unlawful lotteries) forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds; one third part thereof to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, one other third part thereof to the informer, and the remaining third part thereof to the poor of the parifh where fuch offence (hall be committed; the fame to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offenders goods, by warrant under the hands and feals of fuch juftices before whom fuch offender fhall be convifted as aforefaid, and (hall alfo for every fuch offence by fuch juftices be committed to the county gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize for the fpacfc of one whole year, and from thence till the faid fum of two hundred pounds, fo forfeited as afore* (aid, (hall be fully paid and fatisfied.

V.	Provided nevertheless, That any perfon, who (hall think him or her felf agrieved by the judgment or determination of fuch juftices in any the cafes aforefaid, (hall have liberty to appeal to the next quarter-feflions to be held for the county, city or place where fuch judgment or determination (hall be made or given, and that the judgment to be given by the juftices of the next quarter-feflions (hall be final.

VI.	And whereas by feveral afis of parliament, feveral duties are payable upon the importation of books bound, which duties being payable ad valorem, have been found inconvenient; for remedy whereof, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid duties payable ad valorem, for all books bound, which fhall be imported from and after the twenty fourth day of June which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, fhall ceafe and determine, and inftead thereof (hall be payable and paid to his Majefty his heirs and fucceflors, for all bound books which fhall be imported into Great Britain, from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, the fum of fourteen (hillings of lawful money of Great Britain, for every hundred weight, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler weight, which duty fhall be paid down in ready money by the refpeftive importers of fuch bound books, from time to time, before the landing of the fame refpeftively.

VII.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid duty upon bound books imported, (hall be raifed, levied, recovered and paid, and be brought into the exchequer, by fuch rules, ways, means and methods, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, and in fuch manner and form as the duties upon bound books hereby taken away, or any of them, might or ought to have been raifed, levied, recovered or paid, before the making of this aft,

VIII. Pro-,

1722.}	Anno iiono Georgii I. c.	77

VIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaded by the au- **jd appropri* thority aforefaid, That the duty to arife upon the importation atcd* of books bound purfuant to this ad, (the neceffary charges of management deduded) (hall be appropriated and applied, as near as may be, to the fame ufes and purpofes to which the for* mer duties upon bound books, by this ad taken away, were applicable or ought to have been applied, if this ad had not been made.

_ IX. Provided alfo, and it is hereby enaded. That the duty by Redeemable this ad charged upon bound books imported, or any part there- by parliament# of, (hall be redeemable by parliament, in the fame manner as the faid former duties on bound books hereby taken away, or any of them, were redeemable; and in all cales where the faid former duties on bound books, or any of them, were to ceafeor determine, the duty hereby granted, or a proportional part thereof, (hall ceafe and determine.

Claufe for iiTuing certificates and debentures for arrears due to five regiments, to be fatitfied by annuities. Felony to counterfeit fuch debentures.

Nodifability for putting this ad in execution. Claufe for difehamng the duties of rock fait loft on the rivers Weaver and Mercy. Claufe foi* limiting the times of continuance of commilfioners for forfeited eftates to *9 April <714. EXP.

XV* And it is hereby further enaded by the authority aferd- porftited e-faid. That the forfeited eftates in England, by any former ad or ft*tes in Eny-ads of parliament, vefted in the faid commiffioners and truftees, land, unfold which (hall remain unfold from and after the twenty ninth day 0,1 *9Sc^. 6f September one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, are jn*hit Majefty hereby divefted out of the faid commiffioners and truftees, and for the ufeor vefted in the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, for the the pubiick. ufe of the pubiick; any thing in the faid ads of parliament, or any former or other law or ftatute, to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

His Majefty, under the figu manual, may appoint any fix furviving com-taiiflioners to ad in Scotland, in room of commiffioners dead, See, No dif-abiHtyforading. EXP.

XVIII.	And it is hereby further enaded by the authority a- Forfeited e-forefaid. That the forfeited eftates in Scotland, by any former ftates in Scot-ad or ads of parliament vefted in the faid commiffioners and I*®**, unfold truftees, which on the twenty fourth day of June one thoufand

(even hundred and twenty four (hall remain unfold, (hall be, hw*l2fejefty and hereby are divefted out of the faid commiffioners and for the ufe of truftees, and vefted in the King’s majefty, his heirs and fuc-the pubiick. ceffors, for the ufe of the pubiick; any thing in this or the laid former ads, or any former or other law or ftatute to the con- . trary in any wife notwithftanding.

XIX.	Saving and referving neverthelefs to the King’s ma- stlvo for his jefty, his heirs and fucceflors, full power, liberty and authority, Majerty’s to appeal according to the laws and ufage in Scotland, and as by ri^tfofaP* all or any of. the faid former ads is direded and appointea,

from all or any of the decrees or determinations of the court of court of dele-

delegates 1

1

78

- - - - - * ■* OKNAKOl*

land.

Appropriation of the fupplies anted this

fQoo, k. t, i«

pGeo.i.c.t8,

*M**1;4*

tiLandwt

Anno none G&oilGll I. C. t$.	[ijiii

delegates in Scotland^ touching til or tny of the pdwers and au-thonties veiled in them, by this or any former ad or ads of parliament any wife relating to the faid Forfeited eftates in Scot-kind, or any fight, title, inteneft, claim or demand arifing thereout or from the fame.

XX.	Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority * aforefaid. That all monies lent and to be lent to his Majefty upon one ad of this feflion of parliament, intituled, An aft fit1 granting ah aid to his Majefly by a land tax to be raifed in Great Britain, fir the fervid of the year one thokfand jeven hundred and twenty three \ and fo much money (if any fuch be) of the tax thereby granted, as lhall arife or remain after all the loans madd 6r to be made thereupon, and the intereft thereof, and thd charges allowable for railing the faid land-tax (hall be fatisfied* or money fufitcient (hall be referved in the exchequer to dif-charge the fame; and all the monies raifed and to be raifed by way of a lottery or otherwife, by virtue of an ad of this feflion of parliament, for continuing the duties on malt, frium, cyder tod perry, to raife money by way of a lottery, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, and fd much of the fame duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perfy, by that ad granted or continued, as (hall afhe or remain (if any fuch be) after all the payments thereby direded to be itoade upon certificates, as well for the unfortunate as fortunate tickets thereili mentioned, and other monies thereby transferred or chargeable thereupon, and the charges by that ad allowable for the execution thereof (hall be fatisfied* or money fufticient (hall be referred todifcharge the fame; and the fum ot eighteen thoufand two hundred and forty three pounds ofie (hilling and twer pence halfpenny, remaining in the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer on arrears of former land-taxes; and all the monies to be raHed by loans or exchequer-bills, by an ad of this feflion of parliament, intituled. An aft fir granting an aid to bis Majejly by laying a tax upon papjjls, and for making fuch othet perfons, as upoft due fiemmons /hall refttfe Or neglcft to take thi oaths therein mention-edn to contribute towards the faid tax; fir re-imburfing to the pub-lick part, of the great expences Hcafumed by the late confpiracies \ and for difeharging the eftates of papifls from the two third parts of the rents and profits thereof for one ycar, and all arrears of the fame, and from fuch forfeitures at are therein more particularly deferibed, in the manner thereby preferibed, other than the monies of the aid of afleflmcnts thereby granted, which in purfuance thereof are to fee applied for repayment of the loans to be made, or difeharging the exchequer-bills to be iflued thereupon, and fuch othef payments as are thereby appointed to be paid out of the fame, (hall be appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the fevenri ofes, intents and purpofes herein ex-ptefied; fubjed neverthelefs to fuch reftridions as are herein ifter preferibed; that is to fay.

XXI.	It is hereby enaded and declared. That out of all of any the aids or fupplies aforeGud there (hall and may be iflued

and

1722.]	Anno	nano	GeorOU I. €,*9.	79

and applied any fum, not exceeding eighty four thoufand two fifth °fa hundred and mty two pounds four (hillings and fixpence and tone fifth part of a penny, to make good the deficiency of the tbc deficiency fund, commonly called the general fund, for railing (even hun- of the general dred twenty four thoufand eight hundred forty nine pounds fix fund, fhillings and ten pence one fifth part of a penny per annum, for the year ended at Michaelmas, one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two.

XxII. And it is hereby enaCted and declared, That out of all 736,388]. 14 s. or any the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid there (hall and sd.’tq. for may be iflued and applied any fum or fums of money not ex-* naval lervicei# ceeaing feven hundred thirty fix thoufand three hundred and eighty eight pounds fourteen (hillings and eight pence half* penny, for or towards the naval fervices herein after more par* ticulariy exprefled ; that is to fay, for or towards defraying the charge of the ordinary of his Majefty’s navy, and for half-pay to fea-ofikers; and for and towards victual, wages, wear and tear of the navy, and the victualling thereof, performed and to be performed; and for or towards fea-fervices in the office of the ordinance performed and to be performed; and for or to* wards other fervices of the navy performed or to be performed.

XXIII.	And it is hereby alfo enaCted, That out of all or any . the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid there (hall or may be * fo’‘ iflued and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding tWomnaae*. eighty thoufand pounds ten (hillings. and nine pence three farthings,' for or towards defraying the charge of the office of his Majefty’s ordnance for land-fervices * performed and to be per* formed; and for or towards extraordinary fervices performed

and to be performed by the office of ordnance for land-fervices • in the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three; and for defraying feveral extraordinary expences of the office of ord<* nance for land-fervices in the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two, not provided for by parliament.

XXIV.	And it is hereby likewife: enaCted, That out of all or 94.1,990!. 10 ft any the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid there (hall or may 8d. *q. for be iflued and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding

in the whole the fum ot nine hundred forty one thoufand nin# ■*** hundred and ninety pounds ten (hillings and eight pence halfpenny, for or towards maintaining his Majefty’s land-forces* and other fervices herein after more particularly exprefled$ that , is to fay, any fum not exceeding fix hundred fifty three thou~ land nine hundred and thirty two pounds thirteen (hillings and four pence, for defraying the charge of eighteen thoufand two hundred and ninety four effective tnen (including commifliori and non-commifiion officers and invalids) for guards, garrifons and other his Majefty's land-forces in Great Britain, Jerfey and Guernfey, and other fervices relating to the forces, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three; and any fum and films of money, not exceeding one hundred and fifty thouland (even hundred and forty three pounds thirteen (hillings and four pence halfpenny, for maintaining his Majefty’s forces and %	garrifons

to

Anno nono GEofeGii l. cVijP	[ijiil

garrifons in thepJantations, Minorca and Gibraltar* and for pro*

. vifions for the garrifons at Annapolis Royal* Placentia and Gibraltar* for the year one thoufartd feven hundred and twenty three; and any fum and fums of money, not exceeding twelve thou-fand pounds, upon account foV out-penAoners of Chelfea Ho-fpital* for the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three; and any fum and fums of money, not exceeding forty three thoufand three hundred and fourteen pounds four (hillings , for defraying feveral extraordinary expences for pro vifions, and other fervices relating to his Majefty’s land-forces, not before provided for by parliament; and any fum and fume of money, not exceeding eighty two thoufand pounds, upon account or half-pay to the reduced officers of his Majefty’s land-forces and marines, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three; fubjedt nevertheless to fuch rules to be ob-ferved in the application of the faid half-pay, as are herein after preferibed concerning the fame*

XXV* And it is hereby further enadted, That out of all or CsrfLitl* 151. dny the aids or Supplies provided as aforefaid there (hall or may 9d.andfaren ^ Hfod al)d applied any fum or fums, not exceeding Sixty five to ^oufand four hundred twenty two pounds fifteen (hillings and mStogood nme pence and feven. tenth parts of a penny, to make good the tftedefici- deficiency of the grants to his Majefty, for the fervice of the codes for the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two* j*ar 17*1. XXVI. And be it enadted, That the laid aids or Supplies Not to be iflii- provided as aforefaid (hall not be iflued or applied to any ufe, ed to any intent or purpofe whatsoever, other than the ufes and purpofes other ule* before-mentioned.

Treafunrout XXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby enadted by the authority aforefaid. That the commiflioners of his Majefty’s perfcns who* trca^ury> or any three or more of them, or the high-treafuref Sated the for the time being, be and they are hereby authorized, out of debts of the any monies of the Supply granted to his Majefty in this feffion *Vt	P^Hament	for public fervices, to reward the perfons appoint-

ments, see. . ^ to take, examine, date and certify the debts due to the five - * regiments above-mentioned, and to iftue fuch debentures as aforefaid, and their clerks and officers, as alfo the officers and

clerks in the receipt of the exchequer, for their refpedtive pains and fervices in relation to the laid five regiments,	and fuch

charges as (hall neceflarily attend the performance of	the fame,

as to the faid commiflioners of the treafury or high-treafurer (hall Seem reafonable; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

Hules to be • XXVIII. And as to the faid fum of eighty ttvo thoufand pounds by observed in	this afi appropriated on account of half-pay* as aforefaid*	it is here-

the applies-	by enadted and declared by the authority aforefaid,	That the

tbnof the rgjeg herein after preferibed (hall be duly obfenred in the ap-“ *W* plication thereof; that is to fay,

XXIX. That no perfon (hall have or receive any part of the fame, who was a minor under the age of Sixteen years at the

time

1722.]	Anno	nono	Georgii	If	t%	tg.

time when the regiment, troop or company in which he ferved was reduced.

XXX.	That no perfon {hall have or receive any part of the fame, except fuch pcrfons who did adtual fervice in fome regiment, troop or company.

XXXI.	That no perfon having any other place or employment of profit, civil or military, under his Majefty (hall have or receive any part of the half-pay.

XXXII.	That no chaplain of any garrifon or regiment, who ; has any ecclefiaftical benefice or other preferment in Great Britain or Ireland, (hall have or receive any part of the faid half-pay.

^ XXXIII. That no perfon (hall have or receive any part of the fame, who hath refigned his commiffion, and has had no oom-miflion fince.

XXXIV.	That no part of the fame (hall be allowed to any % perfons by virtue of any warrant or appointment, except to fuch perfons who would have been otherwife entitled to the fame as reduced officers.

XXXV.	And that no part of the fame (hall be allowed to any of the officers of the five regiments of dragoons, and eight regiments of foot, lately disbanded in Ireland, except to fuch as were lately taken off the eftablifhment of lialf-pay in Great Britain.

XXXVI.	And whereas by an alt of parliament made in the 8 Geo. i.c.*o« eighth year of his Majejly's reigny for paying off and camelling one Howtheover-million of exchequer-bills, and for other purpyes therein expreffedy plus of the feveral fupplies which had been granted to his Majejlyy as is therein forhsJfSay1 mentioned, were appropriated to feveral ufes and purpofes therein ex- go. i. (hall be preffedy amongft which any fum or fumsy not exceeding the fum of difpofed of. eighty nine thoufand pounds, upon account of half-pay for the year one

thoufand feven hundred and twenty twoy was appropriated to be paid to the reduced officers of his Majejly's land forces and marines, fub-jefl neverthelefs to fuch rules to be obferved in the application of the faid half-pay, as in and by the aforefaid all were prefribed in that	t

behalf: now it is hereby provided, enadted and declared by the authority aforefaid, That fo much of the faid fuin of eighty nine thoufand pounds, as is or (hall be more than fufficient to* fatisfy the faid reduced officers, according to the faid rules by the aforefaid adt preferibed to be obferved in the application thereof, or any part of fuch overplus, (hall or may be difpofed to fuch officers who were maimed or loft their limbs in the late wars, or to fuch others, as by reafon of their long fervice or otherwife, his Majefty (hall judge to be proper objedts of charity, or to the widows or children of fuejh officers, according to fuch warrant or warrants under his Majefty’s royal (ign manual, as lhall be ligned in that behalf; any thing in this or the faid former adt to the contrary notwithftanding.

Claufe to re&ify mifagmen and omiffiom of coixmuffioner; for the land.-tax tnt- EXP.

. yet,XY,	<3	CA&

Anno nSno Georgii I. c. 20,21.	[1722.

CAP. XX.

An a& for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one fixth part of a penny feeding, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer brewed and fold within the town of Linlithgow and liberties thereof, in the county of Weft-Lothian, for paying the debts of the (aid town, and other pur-* poles therein mentioned.

This duty is granted from i July 1723, for eleven years. Continued by 6 Geo. a. c. 18.

CAP. XXI.

An aft far enabling bis Majefty to put the cujioms of Great Britain under the management of one or more commtffions, and for better fecuring and afeertaining the duties on tobacco., and to prevent frauds in exporting tobacco and other, goods and merchandizes, or carrying the fame coajtwife.

5 Ann. c. S. \\T H E R E A S by the Jixth article of the aft of parliament for VV uniting the two kingdoms ^England and Scotland, paffed in the fifth year of the reign of her late majefiy ^ueen Anne, all parts of the united kingdom were for ever, from and after the union y to be liable to the fame euftoms and duties on import and export, and to be under the fame reftriftions and regulations of trade: and whereas the cujioms and duties arifing by the exportation and importation of goods and merchandize were put under the direftion of two dijlinft *	commijfions,	one of which to have the care and management of the cuf-

toms and duties arifing in England, the other in Scotland, but each veiled with the like powers and authorities: be it enadted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritua! and temporal and commons, in this After 1 Jnne prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, 1713, the cu- That from and after the firft day of June one thoufand feven Britain may** hundred an(* twenty three the euftoms and other duties, now be under one under the management of the fcveral and refpe&ive commif-or more com- fioners of the euftoms of England and Scotland, (hall and may raiflions. be put under the management of one commiflion of the euftoms for the whole united kingdom, or under the management of fe-veral commiflions of the euftoms for England and Scotland re-fpedtively, from time to time, as his Majefty (hall judge to be mod for the advantage of trade and fecurity of his revenues \ The number any law, ftatute or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding. toner? maybe	always,	and	be	it enadled. That it (hall and

increafed/ may he lawful for his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, by. his commiflion or commiflions under the great feal of Great Bri-tain, to increafe the number of commiflioners for the managing and caufvng to be levied and collected, his euftoms and duties, ■as (hall be thought proper for the carrying on the faid fervice, 'and in*fuch commiflion or commiflions to make provilion for putting in execution the feveral laws relating to the euftoms; A recital of .ailY cuftom or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding. the duties on til. And whereas by the aft of tonnage and poundage, made m the tobacco. twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, and by the book i»Car.	ribs

thereto annexed, a dtSj of one penny per pound {tmitonly ~	2	called

ijii.] Anno nono GeoRgii I. c. 21.

called the old fubfidy) was laid upon all tobacco of the Britifh plantations imported; and by the fame aft and book of rates an additional duty of one penny per pound was laid on the fame tobacco imported; and by another aft made in the firjl year of the reign of the late King James the Second, a duty or impofl of three pence per pound was laid i Jac. 2. c. 4^ on the fame tobacco imported 5 and by another aft made in the ninth year of the reign of his late majejly King William the Thirds a fur-	1

ther fubfidy of one penny per pound was laid on the fame tobacco im- 9&10W. 3. ported; and by another aft made in the fecondyear of her late ma- c- *3-jejly Queen Anne, a duty or fubfidy of one third part of a penny per * & 3 Ann* pound was laid on the. fame tobacco imported > all which duties on to- c’ bacco imported, as before-mentioned, amounting in the whole to fix-pence and one third part of a penny per pound weighty are by feveral Jubfequent afts fince continued, and are now in force: and whereas certain abatements, difeounts and allowances, for wafie and damage,	1

and other allowances, are made to the importer of J'uch tobacco out of the faid duties, which by experience have been found prejudicial to trade and a lofs to the revenue: be it further enadied by the au-	f

thority aforefaid, That the faid feveral duties upon tobacco tobacco to° ported after the faid firft day of June one thoufand feven hun- pay the old 9 dred and twenty three (hall be railed, levied, collected and paid, fubfidy, with during the continuance thereof refpedtively, in the manner fol- an allowance lowing; that is to fay, the importer of tobacco of the Britifh 0 %s Percen 0 plantations (hall, on the importation thereof, pay down the faid old fubiidy of onfe penny per pound, with an allowance of twenty five per centum inftead of the former allowance of five per centum; and that all the other duties afore-mentioned on fuch tobacco All the other. imported, amounting together to five pence and one third of a to ’ • penny per pound, (hall be paid down, or the importer thereof (hall become bound to his Majefty,his heirs and fucceflors, with paid in one or more fufficient fureties, to be approved of by the colle&or 18 months, of the port where the tobacco (hall be imported, with the con-fent of the comptroller of fuch port, in one or more bond or bonds, at the election of the importer, for payment of the re* fpe&ive duties within eighteen months, to commence at the end of thirty days after the matter's report of the (hip, or to commence from the merchant's entry of the goods within thofe thirty days, which (hall firtt happen; and that in lieu of all for* mer encouragements, allowance for watte or damage, or other Allowance of allowances and difeounts for prompt payment (all which cn-*5 percent. . couragements, allowances and difeounts are intended to be re-*or pr^Jpt pealed and abrogated, and are, by force and virtue of this a<5t,pdym ' repealed and abrogated accordingly) one allowance of twenty five per centum of the (aid latt recited duties, amounting to five pence and one third of a penny per pound as aforefaid, (hall be deduced and allowed upon the entry of the importer, paying down the faid duties; and every importer not paying down the faid duties (hall have an allowance only of fifteen per centum	**

any law, cuttom or ufage to the contrary notwithftftnding. ^

IV. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid^ No allowance Thai’ from and after the faid firft day of fune one thoufand for damaged

G 2	feventobacco	*

(troyed, &c.

Not to fepa-rate the ftalk from the leaf.

Tobacco exported to draw back the whole duty.

Anno nono Georgii I. c. 21.	£1722#

feven hundred and twenty three no allowance (hall be made ta the importer for or in (ronfideration of any damaged or mean to-* But merchant bacco, either at the fcale or otherwife; but in cafe any merchant mayK Uk °ff r* or ot^cr perfon (hall refufe to enter and pay, or fecure the duties aahereftifcs aforekid for filch tobacco, then he or they (hall have liberty to td pay cuftom refufe the fame, or to feparate fuch damaged tobacco, by cut-for, to be dc. ting off from the hogthead or other package fo much thereof, as he or they (hall refufe to p&y cuftom for, and the principal officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms, or any three or more of them, (hall caufe all fuch tobacco to be burnt and deftroyed, without making any allowances to fuch importer for freight or other charges, other than the allowan.es hereafter in this a& provided for; any law or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.	Provided always, and it is not hereby intended. That any merchant or other perfon (hall have liberty to feparate the (talk from the leaf, on pretence that the fame is damaged or mean tobacco.

VI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe any of the faid tobacco, which (hall have been entred, and the duties thereof paid or fecured in manner aforefaid by this adt directed and appointed, (hall, from and after the faid nrft day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, be exported into any foreign parts, the exporter (half, upon the exportation thereof within the time limited by law, on a proper debenture to be made forth for that purpofe, be paid or allowed to draw back the whole duty, or the fecurity vacated on the bond or bonds given on the importation, ana

Allowances to no more* as to w^at (hall f° exported, care being taken, that be dcdu&ed. the feveral allowances and deductions made at the importation be again deduced on the debenture ; any law or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

VII.	And whereas, notwtthjlanding the many laws to prevent fraudulent drawbacks upon tobacco and other goods and merchandize exported, yet the fame fill continue, but if Jome further encouragement were given to fuch as would be willing to dtfeover fuch frauds, the fame might in feme meafure be prevented: be it therefore declared and enabled by the authority aforefaid. That if any per-

.. w f°n (°ther than the exporter) (hall aiicover to the commiffioners,. havtTone half or any officer of the cuftoms, any frauds committed, either by of the officer's the exporter of the tobacco, or other goods or merchandize, or (hare.	by any other perfon or perfons in aid or aftiftance of the ex-

porter, whereby his Majefty has been or (hall be defrauded by fhe exportation <jf fuch tobacco or other goods or merchandize, fuch perfon or perfons (except as aforefaid) (hall, as an encouragement, have and receive one half of the officer’s or pro-fecutor’s (hare of what (hall be recovered and paid by fuch dif-covery, the charges of profecutiou being tirft deduced; and the *.	■	commiffioners	ot	the	cuftoms	for	the time being are to caule

luch charges to be paid equally by the crown and the officer or profecutor; and in cafe fuch perlon or perfons, who were aiding or affixing to the exporter in fuch fraud* fo difeovering, he *	oc.

Perfons difeovering frauds to

•5

Anno nono Georgii I. c. ar.

fir (he (hall, in confideration of fuch his or her difeovery, be clearly acquitted and difeharged of fuch his or her offence $ any law, cuftom or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

VIII.	And whereas frauds are many times committed under pre~ Tobacco or fence of carrying tobacco or other foreign goods or merchandizes from foreign goods one port to another in Great Britain coaftwife, by majlers of coajiing ca.I*.ri^d coaft-itejfels, who take in fetch goods in ports beyond the feay or out of Jbips

or vejfels at feca, or in any place, other than the port from whence it than the place was certified, and privately land the fame in Great Britain, to the from whence prejudice of the revenue and the encouragement of the foul traders: certified, for-for the prevention wherieof, be it further enaaed by the autho- the rity aforefaid. That if any tobacco or other foreign goods or value, merchandizes (hall be taken on board any coafting veflel in pans beyond the feas, or out of any (hip or veflel at fea, or at any port or place of this kingdom, other than the port ot place from whence fuch roods (hall be certified, that then' the faid goods, and double the value thereof, (hall be forfeited and loft, * and the mafter of the faid coafting (hip, wherein the faid goods were imported, (hall forfeit the value of the faid tobacco or o-ther goods.	%

IX.	And be it declared and enadted by the authority afore- Difcoverer to laid. That if any perfon (other than the owner or claimer of onjLhaIf the tobacco or other goods or merchandize fo (hipped coaft- ° **** wife, or pretended to be (hipped coaftwife) (hall difeover to the Commiflioners, or any officer of the cuftoms, any frauds committed either by the owner or claimer of the tobacco or other goods or merchandize fo (hipped or pretended to be (hipped coaftwife, or by any other perfon or perfons in aid or afliftance of the owner or claimer of fuch tobacco or other goods or merchandize, whereby his Majefty has been or fhall be defrauded in his duties, fuch perfon or perfons (except as aforefaid) (halj, as an encouragement, have and receive one half of the officer** or profecutor's (hare of what (hall be recovered and paid by fuch difeovery, the charges of profecution being firft deducted, and the commiflioners of the cuftoms for the time being are to caufe fuch charges to be paid equally by the crown and the of-ficer or'profccutor; and in cafe fuch perfon or perfons, who are ^yerine a«-aiding or aflifting to the owner or claimer of the tobapco or o- quitted.8 ther goods or merchandize fo (hipped or pretended to be (hipped coaftwife in fuch frauds, lie or (he (hall in confideration of

fuch his or her difeovery, be clearly acquitted and difeharged of fuch his or her offence $ ^ny law, cuftom or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

X.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, How to be That the feveral penalties and forfeitures in this adt mentioned lued for, (hall and may be profecuted and determined by bill, plaint or information m any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Weft-ptinfier% or in the court of exchequer at Edinburgh refpedtively, wherein no efloin, protection or wager of law (hall be allowed; ^ divided, god one moiety of the faid penalties and forfeitures (hall be to

G 3	the

86	Anno	nono	Georgii	I. .c.2f.	£1722*

v	the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other*

moiety to fuch perfons as will fue for or profecute the fame.

XI.	And it is hereby further enafied py the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons (hall be fued, molefted or profecuted for any thing done, by virtue Or in pursuance of this a<ft, or any of the claufes therein contained, fuch perfon or perfons (hall or may plead the general i(Tue, and give this aand General iflue. the fpecial matter in evidence for his, her or their defence ; and if afterwards a verdid (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall difcontlnue his or their a6tiot| or be nonfuited, or judgment (hall be given sgainft him or them -	upon demurrer or otherwife, then fuch defendant or defendants

(hall have full cods to him or them awarded againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

Importer dif. XII. Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority bo^wuhin	That	if	any	importer	or proprietor of tobacco,, that

the i8momh« hath given fecurity a6 aforefaid for the payment of the faid duties to have a dif- in eighteen months, (hall be defirous to difeharge his bond or count of 7 per bonas, or any part thereof, in ready money, fooner than the cent, for the CXpiration of the faid eighteen months, he (hall be abated upon fuch bond or bonds fo much as the difeount at the rate of feven per centum per annum (hall amount to in proportion to the titnd unexpired.

XIII.	. Provided always, and be it further enalted by the au-thority aforefaid, That in cafe any tobacco (hall happen to receive damage on board any (hip or veffel by ftrefs of weather at lea, or any damage by any (hip or veffel’s being forced on (hore in any part of Great Britain, or if any unforefeen accidents (houla happen after the arrival of any (hip or veffel in port, by the (hip’s bulging on an anchor, or by the lighter into which the tobacco is put in order to be laid on land, or by any fuch like accidents, whereby fuch tobacco (hall receive damage, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the commiffioners or collectors, or other chief officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms, to allow and pay to the importer at the rate or one halfpenny for every pound of fuch tobacco, for which the importer (hall refufe to pay or fecurc the full duties, and which (hall be cut off or fe* parated from the found in order to be burnt or otherwife pub-iickly deftroyed by the officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms, fo as fuch allowance (hall not exceed thirty (hillings for ail the tobacco damaged in any one fingle hogmead imported ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIV.	Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforefaid, That no drawback (hall be allowed on any tobacco exported in any package, but only in ca(ks, containing three hundred weight or more in each cafk, except fuch tobacco as (hall be cut or rolled $ any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XV.	And whereas the allowances at the fcale for draught upon every hogjhcad of tobacco imported have been uncertain, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Th?t from and after the firft day of

*	June

time.

Allowance of one halfpenny per lb. for tobacco damaged at fra, &c.

To be fepa-rated ana burnt.

No drawback for tobacco in package, except, &c.

8 lb. upon

Shog-qt.

xyit.J	Anno	none Georgii I. c. 21.	87^

June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, there (halt 350N>- allow* pe allowed only at the fcale eight pounds upon every hogfhead e“ at fcalc-that (hall contain three hundred and fifty pounds of tobacco or more, which allowance (hall not be dedudted upon exportation.

XVI.	And whereas divers quantities of tobacco of the Britifh Tobacco ar-plantations may happen to arrive before the fit ft day of June oneTlV?%**ttz thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, and it being reafonable that a„a bdbre*" the tobacco trade Jhould be on an equal foot, be it enacted by the * June, to be authority aforefaid, That the time of importation of all fuch reckoned to tobacco as (hall arrive after the firft day of May one thoufand be from feven hundred and twenty three, and on or before the fecond 1 ^unc# day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, and

then remain unentred, (hall be reckoned to be from and after the firft day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, in like manner, as if the mafters of fuch (hips or veflels had made report of their feveral ladings on the faid fecond day of June; and the importers or proprietors of fuch tobacco (hall pay or fecure the duties, and have and enjoy the feveral allowances and difeounts, and be entitled to draw back the duties, as fully and in like manner, as if the faid tobacco had been imported, and the mafters of the (hrps had made their refpedtivc reports of their ladings on the faid fecond day of June; any law, cuftom or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVII.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That No tobacco to from and after the firft day of June in the year of our Lord one be imported thoufand feven hundred and twenty four, no tobacco (hall be tro™the imported into Great Britain ftript from the (talk or Item; and

in cafe any tobacco ftript from the (talk or (tern, (hall be fo im- a Geo. 2. c. 9. ported after the faid firft day of June the fame (hall be feized* and (hall be liable to be fearched for and forfeited by any officers of the cuftoms, in the fame manner as any other prohibited goods may, by the laws now in being, be fearched for or feized ; and all and every fuch penalties and forfeitures (hall and may he recovered by information in the court of exchequer of England or Scotland refpedtively 5 one moiety thereof to the ufe of his Ma-jefty, his heirs ana fucceftors, and the other moiety thereof to the ufe of the perfon or perfons who (hall feize and fue for the fame.

XVIII.	Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby declared, officer not to That nothing herein contained (hall authorize or impower any fearch for officer of the cuftoms, or other perfon, to fearch for any ftript ftript tobacco tobacco imported, after the fame (hall have been weighed by the

proper officer, for the payment of the duties payable for the in®' c* fame; and where it (hall happen there (hall not be more than twenty pounds weight of ftript tobacco in any one hogfhead, the fame (hall not be fubjedt or liable to be feized or forfeited j>y virtue of this a6k.

XIX.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared and en- Thefe duties adted by the authority aforefaid, That all the monies to arife of hew appro* or for the duties of tobacco, under the regulation by this adt priatecU prefcribed (the ncceflary charges of management excepted) are

C4	and

88	Anno	nono Georgii I. C.22:	[1722.

and (hall be appropriated and applied to fuch ufes and pur-pofes, and in fuch or the like proportions, and in fuch manner, as the duties on fuch tobacco were appropriated and would have been applicable, if this ad had not been made, under fuch penalties and forfeitures for diverting or mifapplying any of the faid monies, as in the like cafe or cafes might have been inflided by any former ad or ads of parliament, for diverting or mifapplying any money arifing by the duties on tobacco >	therein	mentioned; any thing herein contained to the contrary

notwithftanding.

No drawback XX. And be it declared and enaded by the authority afore-lOIj tobac<?°“ faid. That no drawback (hall be allowed for any tobacco-ftalks ftalks export- or ftcros exported by themfelves, when they have been or (hall be feparated from the reft of the leaf; any law to the contrary not-withftanding.	'

CAP. XXII.

An alt for the more effeltual punifhing wicked and evildif-pofed perfons going armed in difguife, and doing injuries and violences to the perfons and properties of bis Majeftfs fubjeCls* and for the more fpeedy bringing the offenders to jujtice.

1. TTTHEREASfeveral ill-defigning and diforderfy perfons V V have of late officiated themfelves under the name of Blacks, end entered into confederacies to fupport and affift one another in fleal-ing and deflroying of deer, robbing of warrens and fijh-ponds* cutting down plantations of trees, and other illegal practices* and have, in great numbers* aimed with fwords* fire-arms* and other offen-Jhe weapons* feveral of them with their faces blacked, or in dijguif-id habits, unlawfully hunted in forefts'belonging to his Majefly* 'and in the parks of divers of his Majefly* s fubjeCls* and deflroyed* killed and carried away the deer* robied warrens, rivers and fljb-ponds* and cut down plantations of trees; and have likewife foliated feveral of bis Majefly*s fubjeCls* with promifes of money* or other rewards* to join with them, and have fent letters in fictitious names* to feveral perfons* demanding venifon and money* and threatning fome great violence* if fuch their unlawful demands Jbould be refufed* or if they Jhould be interupted in* or profecuted for fuch their wicked praCtifes* and have actually done great damage to feveral perfons* who have either refufed to comply with fuch demands, or have endeavoured to bring them to juftice* to the great terror of his Majtflfs peaceable fubjeCls: For the preventing which wicked and unlawful practices, be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in parliament aflembled, and by the au-r A-r thority of the fame. That if any perfon or perfons, from and jmif^and in a^tcr T^e day of June in the year of our Lord one thoufand arms appear- (even hundred and twenty-three, being armed with fwords, fng in foreft, fire-arms, or other ofFenfive weapons, and having his or their 5rc. andkilling faces blacked, or being other wife difgui fed, (hall appear in any deemedfelons	chafe,	park,	paddock,'or grounds inclofed with any wall,

pale,

17*2*]	Anno	nono	GeoRGH	I.	c. 22;	89*

pale, or other fence, wherein any deer have been or (hall bi ufually kept, or in any warren or place where hares or conies have been or (hall be ufually kept, or In any high road, open heath, common or down, or (hall unlawfully and wilfully hunf, wound, kill, deftroy, or (teal any red or fallow deer, or unlawfully rob any warren or place where conies or hares are ufually kept, or (hall unlawfully (teal or take away any fi(h out of any river or pond; or if any perfon or perfons, from and after the-faid firft day of June (hall unlawfully and wilfully hunt, wound, kill, deftroy or (teal any red or fallow deer, fed or kept in any 'places in any of his Maiefty’s forefts or chafes, which are or ihall be inclofed with pales, rails, or other fences* or in any park, paddock, or grounds inclofed, where deer have been or (hall be ufually kept; or (hall unlawfully and malicioufly break down the head or mound of any fi(h-pond, whereby the fi(h (hall be loft or deftroyed; or (hall unlawfully and malicioufly kill, maim or wound any cattle, or cut down or otherwise deftroy any %trees planted in any avenue, or growing in any garden, orchard or plantation, for ornament, (helter or profit; or (hall fet fire to any houfe, barn or out-houfe, or to any hovel, cock,* mow, or (tack of corn, (traw, hay or wood; or (hall wilfully and malicioufly (hoot at any perfon in any dwelling-houfe, or other place; or (hall knowingly fend any letter, without any name fubfcribed thereto, or (igned with a fictitious name, d^scndineletters manding money, venifon, or other valuable thing * or (hall without a forcibly refcue any perfon being lawfully in cuftody of any offi- name,&c.and cer or other perfon, for any of the offences before mentioned; demanding or if any perfon or perfons (hall, by gift or promife of money, or other reward, procure any of his Majefty’s fubjefts to join him or them in any fuch unlawful aft; every perfon fo offending, being thereof lawfully eonvifted, (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy,

II. And whereas notwithflanding the laws now in force agaiufi the illegal practices above mentioned> and his Majefifs royal proclamation of the fecond day of February which was in the year of our -Lprd one thoufand feven hundred and twenty-two, notifying the fame9 many wicked and evil-difpofed perfons have, in open aefance thereof , been guilty of feveral of the offences before mentioned, to the great difturbance of the publick peace, and damage of divers of bis Met* jeflfs good fubjeSls; It is hereby enafted by the authority aforb-faid. That all and every perfon and perfons, who fince the fecond day of February in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty-two, have committed or been guilty of any of the offences aforefaid, who (hall not furrender him, her or themfelves, before the twenty-fourth day of July in the^nderthem-year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty-three^ felve$# See. to any of the juftices of his Majefty’s court of kings bench, or to any one of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace, in ami for the county where he, (he or they did commit fuch offence or offences, and voluntarily mak&a/ull confeffion thereof to fuch juftice, and a true*

difcovery



Who in titled to a pardon.

Juftices to return informations to a fe-cretary of ftate,

who is to lay the fame be* fore the King and council, who may make an order for their furrend-er.

Anno nono Georgii I. c.^2.	[1722*

diftrovety upon his, her or their oath or oaths, of the perfons who were his, her or their accomplices in any of the faid offences, by giving a true account of their names, occupations and places of abode, and to the belt of his, her or their knowledge or belief, difcover where they maybe found, in order to be brought to juftice, being thereof lawfully convi&ed, (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

, 111. Provided hcverthelefs. That all and every perfon and perfons, who have been guilty of any the offences aforefaid, and (hall not be in lawful cuftody for fuch offence on the faid firft day of June and (hall furrender him, her or themfelves, on or before the faid1 twenty-fourth day of July as aforefaid, and Audi make fuch confeflion anddifcovery asaforefaid, (hall by virtue of this a£t be pardoned, acquitted and difeharged of and from the offences fo by him, her or them confefled as aforefaid; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

' IV. And for the more eafy and fpeedy bringing the offenders againft this aft to juftice, be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons (hall be charged with being guilty of any of the offences aforefaid, before any two or more or his Majefty’s juftices of the peace of the county where fuch offence or offences were or (hall be committed, by information of one or more credible perfon or perfons upon oath by him or them to be fubferibed, fuch juftices before whom fuch information (hall be made as aforefaid, (hall forthwith certify under their hands and feals, and return fuch information to one of the principal fecretaries of ftate of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflbrs,* .who is hereby required to lay the fame, as faon as conveniently may be, before his Majefty, his heirs or fiicceflbrs, in his or their privy council; whereupon it (hall and may be lawful for his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, to make his or their order in his or their faid privy council, thereby requiring and commanding fuch offender or offenders to furrender him or themfelves, within the fpace of forty days, to any of his Majefty’s juftices of the court of king’s bench, or to any one of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace, to the end that he or they may be forth coming, to anfwer the offence or offences wherewith he or they (hall k> (land charged, according to the duecourfe of law; which order (hall be printed and publifhed In'the next London Gazette, and fhall be forthwith tranfmitted to (he (heriff of the county where the offence (hall be committed, and (hall, within fix days after the receipt thereof be proclaimed by him, or his officers, between the hours of ten in the morning, and two in the afternoon, in the market-places upon the rtfpe&ive market-days, of two market-towns in the fame county, near the place where fuch offence (hall have been com* tnitted \ and a true copy of fuch order (hall be affixed upon feme publick place in fuch market-towns; and in cafe fuch of*

fender



Y7&2V} Anno nonoGeorgii I. c. 22.

fender or offenders (hall not furrender. him or themfelves, pur«

(uant to fucli order of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, to be made in council as aforefaid, he or they fo negle&ing or refuling Perfons not to furrender him or themfelves as aforefaid, ihall from the daythemWmS . appointed for his or their furrender as aforefaid, be adjudged, pur(uant ta deemed and taken to be convi&ed and attainted of felony, and.iuch order, ihall fufier pains of death as in cafe of a perfdn convi&ed and deemed to he attainted by verdiA and judgm.ent of felony, without benefit ofxonvi^ed»&c# clergy; and that it (hall be lawful to and for the court of king's bench, or the juftices of oytr and terminer% or general gaol-delivery for the county, where the offence is fworn in fuch infor-, mation to have been committed, upon producing to them fuch order in council, under the feal of the faid council, to award execution againft fuch offender and offenders, in fuch manner, as if he or they bad been convidUd and attainted in the faid court of king’s bench, or before fuch juftices of eper and terminer, or general gaol-delivery rcfpedtiveiy.

V.	And be it enadted by. the authority aforefaid. That all and every perfon and perfons, who (hail, after the time appoint-* ed as aforefaid, for the furrender of any perfoti: .or perions, ia

charged upon oath with any the offences aforefaid be expired^ Perfons abet-

conceal, aid, abet or fuccour, fuch perfon or perfons, knowing

him or them to have been fo charged as aforefaid, and to have wn^dwlona*

been required to furrender him or themfelves, by fuch order or

orders as aforefaid, being lawfully convicted thereof, (hall be

guilty of felony, and (hall fuffcf death as in cafes of felony*'

without benefit of clergy.

VI.	Provided neverthelef$,and itis hereby declared and enadt- • ed. That nothing herein contained (hall be conftrued to prevent or hinder any judge, juftice of the peace, magiftrate, officer or minifter of juftice wnatfoever, from taking, apprehending and fecuring, fuch offender or offenders, againft whom fuch information Ihall be given, and for requiring whofe furrender fuch order in council (hall be made as aforefaid, by the ordinary courfe of law ; and in cafe fuch offender or offenders, againft ^ , whom fuch information, and for requiring whofe furrender fuch prehended*^ order in council (hall be made as aforefaid, (hall be taken and within the fecured in order to be brought to juftice, before the time (hall time limited be expired, within which he or they (hall be required to fur-

render him or themfelves, by fuch order in council as aforefaid, ^triedac-that then in fuch cafe no further proceeding (hail be had upon cording to fuch order made in council againft him or them fo taken and fe* law. cured as aforefaid, but he or they (hall be brought to trial by due courfc of law; any thing herein before contained to the con* trary in a^py wife notwithftanding.

VII.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the firft day of Junt one thoufand feven hundred and twenty-three, the inhabitants of every hundred, within that part of the kingdom of Great Britain called England, (hall make full fatisfadion and amends to all and every the perfon and per-ibns, their executors and adminiftrators, for the damages they

: .	’	~	Ml

tamed in maiming tic, to.

Anno nonoGeORGII I. C.22.	[1712.

(hall have fuftained or fufFered by the killing or maiming of any Hundred cattle, cutting down or deftroying any trees, or fetting fire to chargeable for any houfe, barn or out-hoiife, hovel, cock, * mow or ftack of <Wre>f- corn, ft raw, hay or wood, which (hall be committed or done by fd tn any offender x>r offenders againft this alt; and that every perfon and perfons, who (hall fuftain damages by any of the offences laft mentioned, (hall be and are hereby enabled to fue for and recover fuch his or their damages, the fum to be recovered not exceeding the fum of two hundred pounds, againft the inhabit tants of the faid hundred, who by this alt (hall be made liable to anfwer all or any part thereof 5 and that if fuch perfon or perfons (hall recover in fuch altion, and fue execution againft any of fuch inhabitants, all other the inhabitants of the hundred, who1 by this alt (hall be made liable to all or any part of the faid damage, (hall be rateably and proportiotiably taxed, for and towards an equal contribution for the relief or fuch inhabitant, againft whom fuch execution (hall be had and levied ; which tax (hall be made, levied and raifed, by fuch ways and means, and in fuch manner and form, as is preferibed and mentioned for the levying and railing damages recovered againft inhabitants of hundreds in cafes of robberies, in and by ait alt* intituled. An aft fir the fiUmint hue and cry, made in the S? Site. c* *3* twenty-feventh year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth.

VIII.	Provided neverthelefs. That no perfon or perfons (hall be enabled to recover any damages by virtue of this alt, unlefs he or they by themfelves, or bytheir fervants, within two days

Perfons injur, after fuch damage or injury done him or them by any fuch of-ed to give no- fender or offenders as aforefaid, (hall give notice of fuch offence tice within done and committed unto fome of the inhabitants of fome town, village or hamlet, near unto the place where any fuch fait (hall be committed, and (hall within four days after fuch hotice, give in his, her or their examination upon oath, or the examination upon oath of his, her or their fervant or fervants, that had the care of his or their houfes, out-houfes, corn, hay,

.	draw or wood, before any juftice of the peace of the county,

tnined witSn ^rty or divifion, where fuch fait (hall be committed, inha-four daysafter biting within the faid hundred where the faid fait (hall happen notice, touch, to be committed, or near unto the fame, whether he or they LngtuHr r^° know the perfon or pqrfons that committed fuch fait, or theoiRnSL^ my 0f them; and if upon fuch examination it be confefled, that he or they do know the perfon or perfons that committed the faid fait, or any of them, that then he or they fo confef-fing, (hall be bound by recognizance to profecute fuch offender or offenders by indiltment, or otherwife, according to the latos of this realm.

IX.	Provided alfo, and be it further cnalted, by the authority aforefaid. That -where any offence (hall be committed againft this alt, and any one of the faid offenders (hall be apprehended, and lawfully convilted of fuch offence, within the fpace of fix months after fuch offence committed, no hundred, or any inhabitants thereof, (hall in any wife be fubjelt or liable to make

any

two days after the offence committed.

Hundred not liable, it the offender is convidted within fix Vnouths, &c.

n

1722.]	Anno	nono	GeorgiI	I, c. 22.

any fatisfaftioil to the party injured, for the damages he (hall have fuftained; any thing in this aft to the contrary notwithftanding. '

X* Provided alfo, That no perfon, who (hall fuftain any damage by reafon of any offence to be committed by any offend- to ^ cr contrary to this aft, (hall be thereby enabled to fue, or bring commenced any aftion againft any inhabitants of any* hundred, where fuch within a ycau: offence (hall be committed, except the party or parties fuftain-after the of-ing fuch damage, (hall commence his or their aftioq or fuitfence' within one year next after fuch offence (hall be committed.

XI.	And for the better and more effedual difcoverv of the offenders above-mentioned, and bringing them to juuice, be . it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for any iuftice of the peace, to ifliie his warrant to any conftable, headborough, or other peace officer, thereby authorizing fuch conftable, headborough, or other peace-offi- juftJcef

cer, to enter into any houfe, in order to fearch for venifon ftol- ](fue warrants cn or unlawfully taken, contrary to the feveral ftatutes againft to fearch for deer-dealers* in fuch manner, as by the laws of this realm fuch ftoien venifon. juftice of the peace may iflue his warrant to fearch for ftolen goods.

XII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That if any perfon or perfons fhall apprehend, or caufe to be

convided any of the offenders above-mentioned, and (hall bep -	■	.	.	..

killed, or wounded fo as to lofe an eye or the ufe of any limb,

•	ii*	r	\	,<	,	*	or	wounaea	in

m apprehending or fecuring, or endeavouring to apprehend or apprehending

fecure any of the offenders above-mentioned, upon proof there- offenders, to of made at the general quarter-feflions of the peace for the'*wwank^ county, liberty, divifion or place, where the offence was or (hall be committed, or the party killed, or receive fuch wound, by the perfon or perfons fo apprehending, and caufing the faid offender to be convided, or the perfon or perfons fo wounded, or the executors or adminiftrators of the party killed, the jufticcs of the fai4 feffions (hall give a certificate thereof to fuch perfon or perfons fo wounded or to the executors or adminiftrators of the perfon or perfons fo killed, by which he or they (hall be entitled to receive of the (heriff of the faid county the fuin of fifty pounds, to be allowed the faid (heriff in pafling his accounts in the exchequer ; which fum of fifty pounds the faid (heriff is hereby required to pay within thirty days from the day on which the faid certificate (hall be produced and (hewn to him, under the penalty of forfeiting the fum of ten pounds to the faid perlon or perfons to whom fuch certificate is given, for which faid fum of ten pounds, as well as the faid fum of fifty pounds, fuch perfon may and is hereby authorized to bring an aftion upon the cafe againft fuch (heriff, as for money had and received to his or their ufe.

XIII.	And whereas the Jhortnefs of the time within which profe-options for offences againjl the Jiatute made in the third and fourth + years of the reign of their late majefties King William and §>ueen m, c. 10. Mary* intituled* An aft for the more effeftual difeovery and punifhment of- dcer-ftealers, are limited to be commenced, has been a great encouragement to offenders \ be it therefore, enafted by the 6	authg-

* Anno nono GfcofcGil I. C. 23.	[ijii.

Profccutions ‘authority aforefaid, That any profecntion for any offence againft mayi>e com- thc laid (fotute, (hall or may be commenced within three years iiTthree years* ^rom t*ic r*me of the offence committed, but not after, after offence XI V. And for the better and more impartial trial of any in-committed. didtmett or information, which (hall be found commenced of profecuted for any of the offences committed againft this adt. Such offences be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That every offence may be tried that (hall be done or committed contrary to this adt, (nail and in any county. may |jC	0ff examined, tried and determined in any

Attainder not ^ounty within that part of the kingdom of Great Britain called to work cor- England* in fuch manner and form, as if the fadt had been ruption of therein committed; provided, That no attainder for any of the blood, See. offences made felony by virtue of this act, (hall make or work any corruption of blood, lofs of dower, or forfeiture of lands «.	■	or tenements, goods or chattels.

This aft, XV. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid* where to be That this a<5t (hall be openly read at every quarter-fdfions, and rei4,«	at every leet or law-day.

XVI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

. That this adt (hall continue in force from the firft day of June

medbyt^eo onc t^oufand fcvcn hundred and twenty-three, for the fpace of *• c. 57*	' three years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion

of parliament, and no longer. Continued for five years by 12 1	Geo. 1. c. 30.

XVII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That if any venifon, or fkin of any deer, (hall be found in the cuftody of any perfon or perfons, and it (hall appear that fuch perfon or perfons bought fuch venifon or (kin of any one, who might be juftly fufpe&ed to have unlawfully come oy the fame, and does not produce the party of whom he bought it, or prove upon oath the name and place of abode of fuch party, that then the perfon or perfons who bought the fame, (hall be convidtcd of fuch offence, by any one or more juftice or juf-tice6 of the peace, and (hall be lubjedl to the penalties inflicted tor killing a deer, in and by the ftatute made in the third and fourth year of the reign of their late majeflies King JVilliam

3 & 4-w- & and Queen Mary* intituled. An aft for the more effectual difeo-M. c*I0* very and punijbment of deer-Jlealers.

CAP. XXIII.

An aft for the further enlarging the times for entring* bearing* and determining claims on the eftates vefted in the trujlees of the South-Sea company* and for obliging perfons to claim ftock by the time therein mentioned for money jubferiptions* and for other the purpofes therein mentioned[

7Geo.i.Stat. I. \\f HE R E A S by -an aft of parliament made in the feventh *• c*	VV year of his Alajfifs reign* intituled* An adt for railing

money upon the eftates of the late fab-governor* deputy-gover* nor, diredtors, caftiier, deputy-caftiier, and accountant of the South- Sea company, and or John Aifiabis* Efquire, and’lifcewife

of

1722.]	Anno	nono GeorgIi I. c. 43. v ^

of James Craggs fen. efquire, deceafed, towards making gook

the great lofs and damage fuftained by the faid company •, and

for difabling fuch of the faid perfons as are living to hold any

office or place of trull under the crown, or to fit or vote in

parliament for the future5 and for other purpofes in the laid

adt exprefled; it is enafted (amongfl other things) That all and ^

every the real ejiate and efiates whatfoever y and of what nature or wjiousjntiefe

kind foever, ana all rights of aftiony ufes% trujls9 powers and au- Matters* \\

thorities whatfoever, and all and every the Jbare and Jhares in the Geo* *• c. »*.

capital Jlofk or flocks of any corporationcompany or fociety, and all

monies due upon any account or accounts balanced or to be balancedy and

all other debts and fecurities for debtsy and all ready monies goods and

merchandizes, perfonal ejiate and effefts whatfoever, of what nature

or kind foever y which Sir Tohn Fellows, baronet y latefob-governor^

Charles Joye, efquire y late deputy - governor y and William Afteli, efquirey Sir Lambert Blackwell, baronet, Sir John Blunt, baronet,

Sir Robert Chaplain, baronety Sir William Chapman, knight an# baronety Robert Chefter, efquirey Stephen Child, efquirey Peter Delaport, efquire, Francis Eyles, efquirey James Edmondfon, efquirey Edward Gibbon, efquirey John Gore, efquirey Sir William Hammond, knighty Francis Hawes, efquirey Richard Hor-fey, efquirey Richard Houlditch, efquirey Sir Theodore Janfien, knight and baronety Sir Jacob Jacobton, knighty Arthur Ingram, efquirey* Sir John Lambert, baronety Sir Harcourt Matter, knight,

William Morley, efquirey Ambrofe Page, efquirey colonel Hugh Raymond, Samuel Read junior, efquirey Thomas Reynolds, efquirey Jacob Sawbridge, efquirey William Tillard, efquirey and John Turner, efquirey late direftors of the corporation of the governor and company of merchants of.. Great Britain trading to the South-Seas, ana other parts of America, and for encouraging the.fi/heryy commonly called the South-Sea company,’ and alfo Robert Knight late treafurer or cajhiery Robert Surman late deputy-cafhiery John Grilby late accountant to the faid corporation and John Aiflabie, efquirey every or any of tbemf upon the firft day of June anno Domini one thousand feven hundred and twenty, or at any time or times afterwardsy or which James Craggs the elder, efquirey deceafedy or any perfon or perfons in trujf for him at the time of his dcathy was or were feifed or poffeffed of or interefled in9 or entitled untoy in law or equity in their or any of their own rightSy or to his or their own ufe or ufesy or in partner-fifip with any others (except as in the faid aft is excepted) werey by force and virtue of the faid afty vefled and fettled in Sir John Eyles baronety Sir Thomas Croflc baronety John Rudge, Matthew Lant, Roger Hudfon, efquireSy now Sir Roger Hudfon knighty Edmund Halfey, John Lade, Gabriel Roberts, and Richard Hopkins, efquireSy now Sir Richard Hopkins knighty thereby nominated and appointed truflees for the ufes and purpofes in the faid aft expreffed of and concerning the farnCy and the beirs9 executory adminiflrators and afjigns of the fame trufleeSy from the refpeftive times in the faid aft wmedy to the intent the fame might be fold aryl dijfofcd of fir otherwife applied to and for the ufes and purpofes m

the

96

Annonono GeoRgii I., c,23. 1	[1722.

the faid aft exprejfed concerning the fame* and that the clear monies arifing thereby* Jhould be appropriated to and for the ufe of the South-Sea company* in fuch manner as is therein mentioned: and it is thereby further shafted* That the entries of fuch claims* as by the faid aft are dire fted* by or for (iny perfons or corporations in .Great Britain, Jhould or might be made at any time before the twenty-fifth day of December oqe thoufand feven hundred and twenty one* and by or for any perfon or perfons refiding or being beyond the feas* or out of Great Britain, Jhould and might be made at any time before the twenty fifth day of March one thoufandfeven hundred and twenty two: and by the faid aft it is further enafted* That the faid truftees* or any three or more of them* Jhould and might inquire and inform themfelves* by or upon the tefiimony of witnejfes upon oath* or by the examination of the perfons making fuch claims upon oath (all which oaths they* or any one or more of them* had thereby power to adminifier) or by the injfeftion of any mortgages* bonds* bills* notes* or other fecurities* or any accounts relating to the faid debt* or any of them Jo claimed* or by infpeftion of any grants* gifts* fettle-meats* conveyances* transfers* or ajfurances relating to the faid ejlates* interefis* or incumbrances fo claimed* or any of them* or by all or any of the faid ways and means* or otherwife* according to their difere-tions* as foon as conveniently might be* touching all or any of the debts* ejlates * interefis* or incumbrances fo claimed* and Jhould make a report or reports in writing of their proceedings therein* with their opinions thereon* from time to time* to the court of direftors of the faid South-Sea company for the time being •* and if the faid court of direftors for the time being Jhould be fatisfied in the jufiice of fuch claim or claims* or that any debt or fum of money ought to be paid thereupon* or that the efiate* intcrefi* or incumbrance fo claimed* or any part thereof* ought to be allowed* and Jhould declare their fatif-faftion therein* by any refolution or refolutions of that court; and if the party or parties* by or for whom fuch claim fioould be made, Jhould likewife* in a book or books to be kept in the faid trufiees publick office for that purpoj'e* declare in writing under bis* her or their hands* his* her or their acquiefcence in fuch refolution or refolutions of the faid court of direftors for the time being* touching his* her or their debt* ejlate* interefl* or incumbrance fo claimed* at any time or times before the firjl day of Auguft one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two, then in all and every fuch cafe and cafes the faid trujlees* or any three or more of them* Jhould give warrant for the payment and difcharge of every fuch debt or jum of money fo Ii+ fuidated or adjufied* out of fuch monies as Jhould come to the hands of the cajhier of the faid South-Sea company for the time being* for the purpofes in the faid aft exprejfed: and it was by the faid aft further enafted* That the juftices of the courts of King's bench and common pleas* and the barons of the coif of the excheauer for the time being, Or any three or more of them* fitting at the fame time and place* and not otherwife* Jhould* and they were thereby authorized* from time to time* to bear and determine all differences* difputes and contro-verfies touching or concerning any debts* ejlates* interefis* or incumbrances^ jjuhnb Jhould be claimed within the refptftivt times therein

beforet

97

1722.] Anno nono Georgii I. c.23.'

before limited for making fuch claims, and could not or Jhould not be liquidated or adjufted between the faid court of directors for the time beings and the refpeftive claimants within the time before limited in that behalf and all incidents relating thereunto, in fuch manner, as by the faid aft is direfted: and by the faid aft it is further enafted, 7GC0.1. ftat.i. That the faid jufliees and barons, or any three or more of them, up- c-on a complaint to be made by or for any claimant of any fuch debt, ejiate, interejl, or incumbrance, whofe claims jbotifa not be liquidated or adjujled as aforefaid, (fo as fuch complaint be made on before the twenty fifth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two) Jhculd proceed in fuch manner as by the faid aft is directed ; and the faid jufliees and barons, or any three or more of them, in all cafes where they Jhould find that any debt or film of money ought to be paid to fuch claimant upon fuch claims, or that the ejiate, inter ejl, or incumbrance fo claimed, or any part thereof ought to be allowed, Jhould and might, at any time or times before the twenty fifth day of March one thoufahd feven hundred and twenty three, tranfmit a certificate or certificates thereof to the faid trufiees in the faid aft nominated: and by the faid aft it is provided and enafted*

That the powers given by the faid aft to the faid jufliees and barons^ for hearing and determining fuch differences, difputes and controver-fies relating to fuch claims as aforefaid, and ijfuing their certificates concerning the Fame as aforefaid, jhould continue and be in force until the twenty fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred twenty and three, and no longer. And whereas by another aft of parlia-liament made in the eighth year ff his 'Majefly's reign, intituled. An' SGeo.i. c.aj* a St for prolonging the times for hearing and determining claims before the truftees, in whom the eftates of the late South-Sea directors, and of John Aiflabie efquire, and likewife of James Craggs fenior efquire, deceafed, are vefted, and. for other pur-

pofes therein mentioned $ feveral of the times in the former aft li- ........ -

mited, have been enlarged to feveral further times therein expreffed, which times by the faid later aft limited are now expired, or near expiring: now forafmuch as the claims made purfuant to the direction or the firft recited a<5t, cannot be adjufted and deter* mined within the times already limited for the fame; may it pleafe your moft excellent Majefty, that it may be enafted, &c.

Time for the court of dire&ort of the Smtk-Sea company to declare their fittisfa&ion in any claims, enlarged to 24 June 1714. For the party's de« daring their acquiefcence, enlarged to 19 Sept. 1724. For making com*

Flaints by claimants of any debt not adjufted, enlarged to 29 Sept. 1714.

or the juftices determining difputes, enlarged to 24 March 1744. For their tranfmitting certificates to the trufteees, enlarged to 24 June 1725,

Difcoverers of directors eftates concealed to a baron, or the tniftees, before 24 Dec. 17*3. allowed 20/. per cent., if beyond fea, and 20 /• per eenU if within this kingdom. Perfons in truft for the late dire&ors, not di£ covering before 24 Dec. 17*3, to forfeit treble the value of the eftate, and be impriloned for a year. EXP.

V. And whereas the faid South-Sea company did, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty, take in two fub-Vol. XV.	H	firiptions

of

.flat.

Anno nono GeqKGH I* C.^£.	\l7Z2m

fcriptions for faU of South-fe* flock at one thoufand pounds per centum, which are commonly calls# their third andfourth Jubfcrip-tions7 but never gave out any receipts for the monies paid in for the fame, whereby to evidence the title to the faid fubferiptions; and whereas by reafon of .the errors and mifmanagements of the late directors of the faid Company, their officers, agents or fervants, the accounts of the faid fubferiptions are fo confufed, that it is uncertain how much the fame amount unto: and whereas in order to afeertain ifbe fame, the Jai# company, or their court of dire/toPs, have, from time to time, by publick notice, appointed certain days, by which the proprietors of the faid fubferiptions, jhould come and demandfoci for the fame, out feveral of the fold proprietors, upon account of contracts between them and others, for the pur chafe or fade of the faid fubferiptions, or fome of them, or on other accounts, have omitted to make fuch demands of flock for their Jbares or interefls in fuch fubferiptions, whereby the accounts between the faid company and the original fubferibers to or for the faid fubferiptions are fall left open and Undetermined, to the prejudice of the faid company and of the publick credit: to the end therefore that the accounts of the faid com* £?ny may be let upon a clear foot, and that it may be afeer-feined what (lock of the faid coippany does really and juftly be* long to the faid fubferiptions, without prejudice to either buyers or fellers, or any other parties concerned or interested contra&s for purchafe or frle of the (kid fubferiptions, or either of them, be it enafted, tefc.

Original fubferibers to the third and fourth fubferiptions to claim their ftodks, by 14 Deci 17*5. In default fiibfcription void. Not to oSSoGt the force of any contrails for purebafe of thole fubferiptions. EXP.

VII. And whereas by an aft of parliament puffed in the feventh %9foar of bis Majejlfs reign, intituled. An a£t for making fui\dry

?' trovifions to reftore the publick credit, which fufiera by the irauds and mifmanagement of the late directors of the South-Sea company, and otherh, amongfi other things it was encClcd, That fuch perfons (brokers, or fuch perfons as have afted as brokers for brokerage, executed) as, at any time or times ftnee the twenty fifth, day of March m the year of our Lord one thoyfand feven hundred and twenty, had borrowed moniy from the faid South-Sea company ifpon any Jhare or Jbares in the flock of the faid company, actually transferred and pledged (at the time of borrowing, or within one and twenty days after) to or for the ufe of the faid company, or the re-jfieftive heirs, executors or adminiflrators of fuch perfons, who Jhould pay to the cajhier of the faid company for the time being, to and for the ufe of the faid company, fo much money as a rate of ten pounds per centum, to be computed on the refpeftive fums fo borrowed, jhould amount unto, to wit, one moiety thereof on or before the twenty fifth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and twenty one, and the other moiety thereof on or before the twettty fifth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two, jhould (upon fuch payment made, or being lawfully tendred and refujtd, and not other*

wife)

tfi**')	Anno nano GeoRGH I. C. 23?	-	3J9

'wife) by force and virtue of that aft, be difcharged of\ from anil againjt all further demands of the faid company, in law or equity, for ar in refpeft of the money fo borrowed upon Jiock; and that all the flock fo transferred and pledged, for which fuch payment Jhould be made, or lawfully tendred and refufed, together with the dividends and profits belonging or to belong to fuch flock refpeftively, fhould bf and was, by virtue of the faid aft, abfolutely vefted in the faid com-fatty, for the ufe and benefit thereof\ and further by the faid oil the like provifion was made for fuch perfons (except as aforefaid) hs bad borrowed money of the faid company upon receipts for money pdid an any of their money fubfcriptions, actually pledged, for difcharging fuch loans by a like payment of a rate of ten pounds per centum on	*

the refpeftive fums fo borrowed, in tnanner and at the times before mentioned, as by the faid recited aft, relation thereto being had, more fully may appear: and whereas by an obi of parliament pajfed in the eighth year of his prefent Majejty's reign, intituled, An adt to en- SGco#i. c.ai* able the South-Sea company to difpole of the effedts in their liands by way of lottery or fubfcription, or to fell part of their fund or annuity payable at the exchequer, in order to pay the •debts of the faid company, and for the relief Of fuch who were intended to have the benefit of a late aft touching payment of ten pounds per centum therein mentioned, reciting (amongft other things) that the firfi moiety or half part of the faid rateof ten pounds per centum, for money borrowed of the faid South-Sea company, was, by the before mentioned aft, limited to be paid on or before the twenty fifth day of December one tboufand feven hundred and twenty one, and divers perfons intended to be relieved thereby, having lapfed the faid time of payment, were thereby excluded the benefit of the faid aft for the relief of the faid perfons, it was thereby enafted.

That if any perfon or perjons, intended to have the benefit of the faid aft, and who bad lapfed the faid time of payment, Jhould pay a moiety of the faid ten pounds per centum on or before the twenty fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two, with intereft for the faid moiety from the faid twenty fifth day ^December one tboufand feven hundred and twenty one, then fuch perfon or perfons Jhould, upon fuch payment made, or lawfully tendred and refufed, and not otherwife, be entitled to the benefit of the Jirjl mentioned aft, as fully as if Juch payment of the firfi moiety of the ten pounds per centum had been duly made within the time limited by the faid firfi yGeo.i.ftatr# mentioned aft, as in and by the faid loft recited aft of parliament,c- **• relation thereto being had, more fully 'may appear: and whereas di- *Gcox,c* vers perfons intended to halve the benefit of the find recited afts of parliament, by reafon of the difficulties of the thin times by the low Jlate of credit, were not able to make payment of the faid rate of ten pounds per centum, or fome part thereof, within the times limited hy the faid afts of parliament, and having lapfed the faid times of payment, are excluded the benefit thereof: for the relief of the faid perfons, be it enadted, &c.

Borrowers on South-Sea dock, who have lapfed their payments, paying to the company's calhier fo much as a rate or 10 /. per cent, on the lums bor-

H a	rowed.

100

EXP.

Anno nono Georgii I. c. 24,25.	[1722.

rowed. One moiety by 24 Dec. 1713, and the other by 14. June 1724* with inteteft from 2j 1710, dilcharged from all further demands of the company, and the ftock veiled in the company. Broker difcharged frying 10 /. per cent. Claimants on late directors, who have lapfed their time, may enter their claims before the truftees by *4. June 1723. No fale . already made before 24 May 1713, avoided : but the debts allowed by the jtruitees, to be paid out of the effefts in their hands. Claimers on forged deeds, or fatished fecurity, forfeit the value of the thing claimed. All

•	fuits for debts fpecified in the inventories, &c. (except by way of com-

*	plaint) (hall be void. Claims made by Iperfons refining in Great Britain - for perfons in Baft-India or America, to be heard as if made by the parties themfelves. EXP.

CAP. XXIV.

• din aft to oblige all perfons, being papifts, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and all perfons in Great Britain, refujing or neglefting to take the oaths appointed for the fecurity of bis Majefty’s perfon and government, by feveral alls herein mentioned, to regifter their names , and real eftates.

WHEREAS fence his Majefifs happy accejfion to the crown of theft realms, divers rebellions, infurreft tons and traitorous • amfpiracies have been entred into and carried on, for the deferuftion of his Majefefs mojl facred perfon and government, the overturning our religious and civil rights, and for placing a popijb pretender on the throne : and whereas the paptfes and other perfons refufeng to take the oaths appointed by law to be taken to his Majefty, have en-joycdy and do f ill enjoy the protection and benefit of the government, as well as the reft of his Majefifs fubjefts, yet have been notorioufly .concerned in contriving, flirring up and Supporting the /aid rebellion sy infurreftions and confpiracies, by which it mo/t manifeftly appears, that they take themfelves to he obliged, by the principles they profefs, to be enemies to his Majefty and the prefent happy eftablijbment; and forafmuch as it is highly reafenable, that the government Jhould be • thoroughly acquainted with, and apprized of the number, names and. real efeates of fuch difajfeftcd perfons as aforefaid, in order more effectually to prevent, difappoint or punijh the like traiterous attempts for the future, in fetch manner as by the wifdom of parliament jhall hereafter be thougnt proper j be it therefore enabled, tsfe.

Perfons who Aiall negleft to take the oaths on or before 25 Dec. 1713, (hall before 25 March regifter their names and real eftates. In Scotland to take the oaths before 25 March, or regifter before 24 June. Or (hall forfeit their lands. Repealed by 10 Geo. i. c. 4. f. 11.

CAP. XXV.

An aft for making more effeftual an aft palfed in the eighth year of his prelent Majefly’s reign, intituled, An aft for fuff lying ibt records of the commiffary court of Aberdeen, burnt or loft in the late fire there.

The time limited by the aft 8 Geo. 1. c. 28. for bringing in extrafts and precepts, enlarged for one year, from the twenty fifth of March 1723.

CAP*

ij22.]	Anno nono Georgii I. c.*6.	ibi

CAP. XXVI.

An aff to prevent bis Majefty*s fitbjeffs from fubfcribtng or being concerned in encouraging or promoting any fubfcrip-tion for an Eaft-India company in the Auftrian Nether-. lands ; and for the better fecuring the lawful trade of bis Majefty*s fubjeffs to and from the Eaft-lndies.

WHEREAS feveral affs and fiatutes have been heretofore made and provided by parliament, for the'fecuring to the united compary of merchants of England trading to the Eaft-lndies the foie trade to and from the Eaft-lndies, and other places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, in the faid affs, fome or one ofthem particularly mentioned and defcribed, to the intent that thennxlfh nation might thereby have and enjoy the full fruits and advantages of fo beneficial a trade; notwithfianding which toffs, and the prohibitions, injunffions and penalties contained therein, feveral evil-minded perfons (fubjeffs of his Majefiy) preferring their own lucre to the good of their native country, have not only in their private capacities fearetly and illegally traded to and from the Eaft-lndies, and with the pirates infefting thofe feas, but have alfo openly, and in defiance of the laws of this kingdom, under foreign commiffms, fitted out and loaded many great and defenfible jhtps for voyages to the Eaft-lndies, and have corrupted feveral Britilh failors to ferve on board fitch Jhtps for Jucb voyages, and of late, with deftgn totally to elude the good and wholfom laws made to prevent fuch praffices as aforejaid, have fubferibed, contributed to or promoted the raifing, efiabtijhing and carrying .on a foreign company, under a foreign charter, for carrying on an Eaft-India trade from the Auftrian Netherlands, taking and providing for themfelves Jhares and proportions in the flock or capital of fuch company, with deftgn to engage others of bis Majefiy*s fubjeffs, as well as tbemfelves, to be concerned in the fame undertaking, by which perfidious and unwarrantable praffices the trade of this kingdom is diverted, the revenue diminijhed, and the treafure thereof exbaufied: to prevent therefore fuch wicked practices, and more' effectually to fecure the faid Eafi-India trade to his Majefty’s fubje&s for the future, according to the laws now in being;'Afters+ June be it enaCted by the King’s moil excellent Majefty, by and with'^jb the advice and content of the lords fpiritual ana temporal and* ar<haill commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by theau- fobfcribe to, thority of the fame. That if at any time or times from and after or beconccrn-the four and twentieth day of June in the year of our Lord oneed in promot* thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, any perfon or per- in§.ai1 Eart* fons whatfoever, fubjeCt or fubjeCts of his Majefty, his h^Mayintba or lucceffors, (hall contribute or fubferibe to, or encourage or Adrian Ne<. protoote the raifing, eftablifhing or carrying on any foreign thertands, company, fociety or corporation, trading, trafficking or adven-turing, or hereafter to trade, traffick or adventure from any part or parts of or in the Auftrian Netherlands, in, to or from the Eaft-lndies, or places aforefaid, or (hall be interefted or Concerned in his, her or their name or names, or in the name

H 3	or

IP*

Anno nono Georgii I. c. 26.

[1722.

«n foifciturc of their Hock in fuch foreign fociety, and treble value.

Forfeiture, bow to be di vided.

Attorney general* to pro ftcute.

names of any other perfon or perfons whatfoever, or othcrwife howfoever, in any part or (hare of or in the capital, principal flock or a&ioits of any fuch foreign company, fociety or corporation as aforefaid, or (hall make any payments in money, or by bills of exchange, remittances or otherwife, to, for or towards the raifmg, fupporting, fuftaining, encouraging or promoting fuch foreign company, fociety or corporation, or the trade or traffick thereof, or (hall fubfcribe, contribute to, encourage or promote the railing, eftablilhing or carrying on any other foreign company or companies hereafter to be raifed, formed or eredted, for trading or dealing to the Raft-indm or parts aforefaid, or (hall become interefted in or entitled unto any (hare in the (lock or capital of fuch laft mentioned com-

a or companies, every fuch pcrlbn and perfons fo offending forfeit all his, her and their intereft* (hare, proportion and concern in the capital, principal ftock or adtions of any fuch foreign company, fociety or corporation as aforefaid, together with treble the value tnereof; one third part thereof to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the remaining two third parts thereof to the ufe of the faid united company, if they (hall inform, foe or profccute for the fame \ or otherwife, one third part of fuch two thirds (hall be to the ufe of fuch perfon or perfons as (hail inform or foe for the-fame, fuch informer or profecutor firft taking fuch dire&ions and confent as hereafter is mentioned for that purpofe; and the faid penalties (hall and may be recovered by adtion of. debt, bill, jpdaint or information, in any of his Majcfty’s courts of record at JVefiminJier% wherein no effoin, wager of law or pro-ttdtion (hall be allowed, nor any more than one imparlance.

II.	Provided neverthelefs, ana it is hereby further enadted,

* and declared by the authority aforefaid, That it (hal( and may be lawful to and for his Majefty’s attorney general for the time being, of his own authority, dfr at the relation of the faid united company, apd to and for the laid united company, to file or exhibit a bill or bills of complaint in his Majefty’s high court of chancery or /court of exchequer, againft any perfon or perfons who Hull have fubfcribed, contributed to, encouraged or promoted, or any ways become interefted or concerned in the railing, eftablilhing or carrying on any fuch foreign company, fociety pr corporation as aforefaid,. or the (lock, capital, trade pr traffick thereof, for the difcovery of fuch his, her and their offence, remitting pr waiving in every fuch bill, the faid forfeiture of the treblp value of the offender’s ftock, intereft, (hare, proportion and copccri) in the principal ftock or adtions of any fuch foreign company, fociety or corporation, and infilling only on the fingle value thereof, and thereupon fuch perfon ana perfons (hall anfwer the faid bill or bills, and not plead or demur to the difcovery thereby fought, and in fuch cafe the finglb value only of fuch intereft, (hare, proportion and. concern (had be decreed to be paid by fuch offender or offenders, one third part whereof (hall be yielded and paid to his Majefty,

t	his

1722.]	Anfto	nono	GeoRGII 1. c. 16.	163

his heirs and fucceffors, and the remaining two third parts thereof to the ufe of the faid united company.

III.	Provided alfo nevertheless, and it is nereby further en- Common in-

a&ed and declared by. the authority aforefaid, That if before	how

any fuit or profecution lhall be commenced for the recovery ^P^scaie, of the penalties aforefaid, either by his Majefty’s attorney general, or the faid united company, any common informer or informers (hall go to the court jof. directors of the faid united

• company, and make known to them the offence committed, and his or their intentions to fue or profecute for the fame at law, and if inftead thereof the faid court of directors (hall ele<5l tp have the fuit or profecution brought or commenced by bill .or bills of complaint, to be filed or exhibited in his Majefty’s fiid courts of chanceiy or exchequer, then and in every fuch cafe, there (hall be yielded and paid to fuch common informer or in-formers, one third part or the remaining two third parts of the fingle value of the* faid intereft and concern, when recovered; but if the faid court of directors (hall cle<5t to have the fuit orprofecution commenced for the penalties or forfeitures by information or adtion of debt at law, then the faid informer or informers (hall and may accordingly fue and profecute for the feme at law,. and the faid information' or adion (hall be proceeded upon, and (hall not be difcontinued or determined, but by and with the confent of the feid united company, or their court of dire&ors.

IV.	And for the more effectual difcovery of the intereft, fhare,Sdbje&s ac-proportion or concern of any of his Majefty’s fubjects, of or in cepting fuch the capital, principal or (lock of any fuch foreign company, te. fo fociety or corporation as aforefaid, it is hereby further enabled ^roringiirfix by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfbns, fub- monthsf fbr«-jt& or fubje&s of his Majefty whatfoever, /hall have accepted' feit treble

of any truft or trufts, or (hall know of any intereft, (hare; part, vaiu«> proportion or concern, which any of his Majefty’s fubjedts (hair have or be entitled to. in any fuch foreign company, fo-ciety or corporation as aforefaid, and (hall not within fix months next after his, her or their accepting fucli truft, or coming to the knowledge of fuch intereft, (hare, proportion or concern as aforefaid, truly difcover and difclofe in writing the fame to the feid united company, or their court of directors for the time being1, every perfon fo offending (hall forfeit treble the value • of the intereft, (hare, proportion or concern fo accepted in truft, or fo known, and not difcovered as aforefaid j one moiety thereof to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety thereof to him or them who (hall fue for the fame, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlminfter, wherein no e(-foin, prote&ion or wager of law (hall be allowed, nor any more than one imparlance; or otherwife, fuch offender and offenders or iraprifoned (hall,, at the difcretion of the court where the profecution is for * year, commenced, fuffer imprifonntent by the fpace of one whole year, without bail or inainprize.

H+	V#	And

1P4+

Perrons within the time limited difcover-ing, to have moiety ot the forfeitures.

Subjects (except lawfully authorized) going to the £alt-!ndies, guilty of a mil-demeanor.

Penalty.

Offenders may be leizcd.

and committed till lecnri-ty, See.

Anno none Georgii I. c. 26~	[1712.

V.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That every perfon who (hall, within the time above limited for that purpofe, voluntarily come to the court of directors of the faid united company, and make a true difeovery in writing of the intereft (hare, part, proportion or concern of any of his Majefty’s fubjeCts in the capital, principal or (lock of any fuch foreign company, fociety or corporation as aforefaid, then every fuch perfon, making fuch dilcovery, (hall have and receive, out of the forfeitures arifing or to arife upon or by virtue of this aCt, by from and out of the eftate or eftates of fuch perfon and perfons fo interefted or concerned in any fuch foreign company, focicty or corporation as aforefaid, one moiety or halfpart of the clear amount of fuch forfeitures ; and the court, in which the profecution againft fuch offender or offenders (hall be commenced, (hall have full power and authority, and are hereby directed to award to the perfon making fuch difeovery, fu.*h reward as aforefaid.

VI.	And it is hereby further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons* fubjeCt or fubjeCts to his Majefly, his heirs or fucceflbrs (other than fuch as are lawfully authorized thereunto) (hall at any time or times from and after

■ the four and twentieth day of June, iji the year of opr Lord' one thoufand feven hundred and twenty four, go, fail, or re-* pair to, or be, or be found in or at the Eafl-lndies, or any the*’ places aforefaid, every perfon and perfons 10 offending are* and are hereby declared to be guilty of a high crime and.mifde-meanor, and (hall and may be profecuted for the fame in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at TVeJlminfler, wherein no ef-: foin, wager of Taw or protection (hall be allowed, nor any more than one imparlance ; and fuch perfon and perfons fo offending, being convicted thereof, (hall be liable to. fuch corporal punifhment or imprifonment, or to fuch fine, as the court where fuch profecution (hall be commenced (hall think fit; one moiety or fuch fine to be to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety thereof to him or them that (hall inform and foe for the feme.

VII.	And it is hereby further enaCted by the authority a-forefaid, That all and every perfon and perfons fo offending, (hall and may be feized and brought to England, and it (hall and may be lawful to and for any one or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace, and they are hereby authorized and required to commit all and every fuch perfon and perfons to the next county gaol, there to remain until fufficient fecurity be given by natural-born fubjeCts or denizens, to appear in the court where fuch fuit or profecution (hall be commenced or depending, to anfwer the fame, and not to go or depart out of court, or out of this kingdom, without the leave of the faid court.

VIII.	And to the intent that this aCl, and the laws heretofore made for encouraging, fettling and fecuringi or for better fecuring the lawful trade of his Majefty’s fubjeCts to and from

the

1722.]- Anno nono Georgii I. c. 26.	rp5

the Eajl-Indies and parts aforefaid, may more effectually be put in execution ; be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That a capias in the firft procefs {hall and may iffue upon Acapiasmthe any bill, plaint, indictment or information, commenced, found, firft procefs filed or profecuted, for, upon or by reafon of any the offences mentioned in this aCt, or in any other aft or afts made for the	0f theib

encouraging, fettling, fecuring, or . better fecuring the lawful offences, thide of his Majefty’s fubjefts to and from the Eajl-Ind'us and parts aforefaid^ or for preventing all or any unlawful trade thereto or therefrom \ which capias (hall fpecily the fum of the penalty fued for \ and fuch offender and offenders (hall be Offenders to obliged to give fufficient bail or fecurity by natural-born fub-jefts or denizens, to the perfon or perfons to whom fuch capias fubjc6ts.

(hall be directed, to appear in the court, out of which fiich capias (hall iffue at the day or "return of fuch writ, to anfwer. fuch fuit or profecution ; and (hall likewife, at the time of fuch appearing, .give fufficient bail or fecurity by fuch perfons as a-forefaid, in the faid court, to anfwer and pay all the forfeitures and penalties incurred for fuch offence and offences, in cafe he, flic or they (half be convifted thereof, or to yield his, her or their body or bodies to prifori.

’ IX. And it is hereby further enafted by the authority afore- offences a- ■ faid. That all and every the offence and offences committed gaintt this aft,-or done againft this aft, or againft one aft made in the ninth a«d the other--year of the reigh df his late majefty King JJWiam, intituled, An enumerated* * aft for raifing a fum, not exceeding two millions, upon a fund for may be laid in payment of annuities after the rate of* eight pounds per centum per London or annum, and for fettling the trade to the Eaft-Indies, or Againft Middlefex. one other aft made in. the fifth year of the reign of his prefent * * 10 W‘ * Majefty, intituled, An aft for the better fecuring the lawful trade 5Geo.i.c.»i. of his Majefly's fubjefts Jo and from the Eaft-Indics; and for the more effeftual preventing all his Majejlfs fubjefts trading thither under foreign commiJJionSy or againft one other aft made in the 7Geo.i. ftat.i. feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An c. aft for the further preventing his Maufly's fubjefts from trading to the Eaft-Indies under foreign commiffions \ and for encouraging and further fecuring the lawful trade thereto j ana for further regulating the pilots of. Dover, Deal and the ijle of Thanet, (hall and may, from and after the fourteenth day of June in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, be laid or alledged to be in the city of London or county of Middle-fex9 at the pleafure of the informer or profccutor.

X.	And it is hereby further enafted by the authority afore- This aft, and faid, That this aft, and alfo the faid afts made in the nfth and sGco. 1. c. u. feventh years of his faid prefent Maiefty’s reign, in all and *”d 7 Geo. 1. every the claufes, articles and parts thereof, (hall be and be publiek afts deemed, conftrued and adjudged to be publick afts, to all in- p tents and purpofes whatfoever: and furthermore, that.the faid Aft $ Geo. i. aft made in the fifth year of his faid Majcfty’s reign, (hall (land, continued for continue and be in full force and virtue for feven years, to be ycar#t computed from the five and twentieth day of Mdreh one thou-

* - fand

*0#	Anna nano Georgii I. c. 27.	[1722.

Farther cm- find feven hundred and twenty three, and from thence to the ***** h *° end of the then next fefiion of parliament, and no longer; any ■	*•	c‘47i thing therein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife not-

withftanding.

panv firiTfn-	And	n	IS	further	enabled	by the authority afore-

form, the parted, That in cafe the faid united company (hall firft inform, of tke for- fue or profecute for any of the offences committed contrary to feitures (hall all or any the laws or ftatutes made for encouraging, fettling devolve upon ^ fccuring to the faid compapy the lawful trade to and from wem*	the	Eaft-Indies, or for preventing any unlawful trade thereto

or therefrom, that then the part, (hare and proportion of the penalties and forfeitures otherwife given or appointed, in and

S' any of the faid ads, to any other perfon or perfons that oula fue or inform for the fame, (hall devolve upon, and be to the ufe of the faid united company, although fuch information, fuit or profecution be commenced by the faid company after the time limited by law for the fuit, profecution or information of the common informer is elapfed.

*f fuJjj*C0®- XII. Provided always, That if any fuit or profecution (hall former a&s C ** cofnmenccd uPon or ty virtue of any the aforefaid former offenders not or a<3s> then and in fuch cafe the offender or offenders tobeffoedon (hall not be fued or profccuted upon this alt, .or any branch S'Sft?08** or artick thereof, except fuch fuit or profecution be by bilf or wrMiofeoin-^j]]s ^ complaint in the faid courts of chancery or exchequer.

CAP. XXVII.

Jb aft for preventing journeymen Jhoemakers felling, ex*

. changing or pawning foots., Jhoes, flippers, cut leather or ;x Other materials for making boots, Jhoes or flippers, and for . bettefcregulating the faid journeymen.

^	E A S great frauds and abufes are frequently praftifed

’ Y, *	ty journeymen Jhoemakers, and others employed as fuch in the

' drf of.kyJJery of cordwainers, and their accomplices, in purloining, Wtbesdllirjg, felting, pawning or exchanging for worfe, the good bather, and other materials delivered to or entrufled wtth them, for making hoofs, Jhoes, flippers and other wares $ and it is ntcejfary to male further provijion for difeovering and pumjhing fuch offences, and for better regulating the faid journeymen: may it therefore pldale your mod excellent Majefty, that it may be enacted; and \je\t enacted by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament aflemblcd, and by the authority of the fame. That if any journeyman (hoemaker or other perfon hired or employed as iuch, witnin the bills of mortality, (hall, after the twenty-fourth day of June in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty-three, be accufed by the madcr fo hiring or employing fuch journeyman or other perfon aforefaid, of having, after the faid twenty-fourth day of June one thoufaiid feven hundred and twenty-three, fraudulently purloinedj embeailled, fold, pawned or exchang-

1721.) Anno nono Georgii I. c. 27.	107

ed, any boots, (hoes, flippers, cat leather, lace, filk, lads or On due proof other materials for making boots, (hoes, flippers or other wares, of joorney-not being the proper goods of the perfon fo accufed, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any one or mote of his Majefty’s a juftice may* juftices of the peace for the county, city, town or place where conrift bios* fuch offence (hall be committed, or where the party fo accufed (hall refide or inhabit, and fuch juftice or juftice* is and are hereby refpeftively authorized and required, upon complaint or information upon oath of fuch offence (which oath or oaths (iich juftice or juftices is and are hereby impowered to admini-fter) to fummon the party or parties complained of, or to iflue his or their warrant or warrants, to apprehend and bring before him or them the perfon or perfons fo accufed, complained qf or (nfpcfted, and upon his or their appearance, or default to appear, to proceed to examine the matter of fid with which they are charged, and upon due proof thereof made, either by qoofeffion of foe party or parties fo accufed, or upon the oath or oaths of one or more credible perfon or perfons, to determine foe feme, and to convift foe offender or offenders, and Upon fuch conviftkm immediately to award to foe party or ^ ^ parties, injured, reafonable recompence and fatisfaftion for the want lamfac-damage, lofs and charges by them (attained, and upon the fox* *“■*!* qeglefting or refilling immediately to pay the feme, to fore the ruflaul' feme by warrant or warrants, under the hand and- feai, orea* hands and feals of fuch juftice or juftices, upon the goods and chattels of foe offender or offenders, rendriog the overplus tor the owner or owners thereof, and for want of (efficient diftrefs,

.to caufe the offender or offenders to be whipt in the pariftt or “7 dtt* place where the offence (hall be committed; and in cafe of conviftion for any fecond or other fuch offence, to commit the offender or offenders to the houfe of correftion, there to re? main and to be kept to hard labour, for any time not exceed* ing one month, nor lefs than fourteen days, as to (bch juftice or juftices (hall feem meet and reafonable.

II.	And for the more effeftual deterring and punithing accomplices and confederates in the faid frauds ana abafes, be H puafted by the authority aforefaid, That all and every perfon and perfons who (hall, from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, buy or receive, or take in pawn, of or from any journeyman (hoe* maker, or other perfon hired or employed as fuch, in manner as aforefaid, or from any other perfon whatsoever, any boots*

(hoes, flippers, cut leather, lace, (ilk, lafts or other materials for makings boots, (hoes, flippers or other wares, not being the proper goods of foe perfon or perfons felling or pawning* or offering to fell or pawn the fame, (hall for evenr fuch offence (being lawfully convifted thereof, in manner as aforefaid) make ;	/

fucb reafonable recompence within two days after the matter of CeaMwates fid (hall be determined, as upon hearing of the fame (hall be liable awarded, in manner as aforefaid, or cue be fubjcft to fuch di- pvaife* ftreft, and for wgnt of fufficient diftrefs, to be liable to the likem **

puni(b-

io$	Anno	nono	Georgn I. c.a7.'	(1722;

punifhment as is hereby inflided, or intended to be inflicted • on fuch journeyman, journeymen or other perfon or perfons, fo purloining, imbezilling, felling, pawning or exchanging fuch goods or. materials as afore laid.

‘ . III. And for the more effedual difcovering where any fuch leather or other materials as aforcfaid, which from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, lhall be fraudulently fold, exchanged Juftices may 9? pawned; be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That it liiue warrants, (hall and may be lawful for any two or more of his Majefty’s &c. to rearch juftices of the peace, dwelling within the limits aforefaid, upon pm-lohaed. any complaint or information upon oath, to iffue their warrant ’p ' pr warrants for fearching in the day-time, the houfe, warehoufe or other place of fuch perfon or perfons, as fuch juftices (hall have juft caufe to fufped to have received, bought or taken to pawn, any fuch goods fo fraudulently embezilled or purloined as aforefaid, and for that purpofe, upon refufal, to break open any fuch.hpufe, warehoufe or other place, if there (hall be oc-cauon; and that every perfon who (hall oppofe and hinder fiich

....(Search, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fumof ten pounds

to any .perfon or perfons who (hall inform and fue for the (ame, .... within two kalendar months after the offence committed, in • •	-	.	apy of his jMajeftyVcourts of record at Wejlminfter, by adion

qfdebt, bill, plaint or information, wherein no eflbin, privilege, protedion, order of reftraint, wager of law, or more than one imparjance (hall be granted or allowed; and if it (hall ap-"pear by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, or upon fearch of fuch houfe, warehoufe or other place it (hall be found fuch perfon or perfons hath or have in his, her or their cuftody or poffeffion any fuch goods fo fraudulently fold. And may exchanged or pawned as aforefaid, fuch juftices (hall caufe the cauie pawned fame to be reftored to the owner or owners, proprietor or pro* goods to be re- prietors thereof, and oblige the party or parties fo offending, to itored to own- make recompence and fatisfadion to fuch owner, for the lofs and damage in detaining.fuch goods, and charges in getting the (ame, and upon refufal of the party or parties fo to do, to be fubjed to the like punifhment as mall be inflided, or hereby provided to be inflided, on fuch journeyman or agent, or other pqrfon fo fraudulently embezilling, purloining, felling* exchanging or pawning any .fuch goods as aforefaid.

•• IV. And for the better regulating the faid journeymen (hoe* makers, be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That all and every perfon and perfons who (hall at any time hereafter be retained or employed in the making up of any boots, (hoes work deliver- ijUid flippers, or other wares, for any one mailer, and (hall need by a former gled the performance thereof, by fuffering himfelf to be re-be fent* to the ta*ne<* or employed by any other mafter, or other perfon wbat-houfe of cor- foever, before he or thev (hall have completed the fame, and region. finiflied the faid work nrft delivered to him or them, then in every fpeh cafe, every perfon fo offending, being thereof law-

ers.

Perfons retained by a new mafter before the

1722.] Anno nono Georgii I. c. 28.	109

fully confided bv the oath or oaths of one or more credible witnefs or witnetfes, before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace where the offences (hall be committed, the perfon or per-fons lo convicted (hall be fent to the houfe of corredion, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one month.

V.	Provided always, That it (hall and may be lawful for any Perfons ag-perfon aggrieved by any order or orders to be made by any gr,ev^tmaX^ fuch juftice or juftices. to appeal to the next quarter-feflions (S^g.0 *** of the peace, to be holden for the county, city, town or place where fuch order (hall be made, giving eight days notice of liich appeal, and fuch juftices at their quarter-feffions (hall hear the * matter, and (hall have power to make fatisfadion to either • so mtbt rt-party, as to them (hall feem juft, whofe determination therein cord.

(hall be final.

CAP. XXVIII.

An aft for more effeftual execution of juftice in a pretended privileged place in the parijh of Saint George in the county of Surrey, commonly called the Mint; and for bringing to fpeedy and exemplary juftice fuch offenders as are therein mentioned; and for giving relief to fuch perfcns as are proper objefts of charity and compaffton there.

WHEREAS it is notorious, that many evil-difpofed and wicked perfons havey in defiance of the known laws of this realm* and to the great difhonour thereof unlawfully affembled and officiated tbemfeives in and about a certain place in the parifb of Saint George in the county of Surrey, commonly called or known by the name */"Suffblk-place, or the Mint, and have affumed to themfehes (by unlawful combinations and confederacies) pretended privileges, altogether Jcandalcus and unwarrantable, and have committed great frauds and abufes upon many of bis Majeftfs good fubjeftsy and by force and violence protested themfelves, and their wicked accomplices, egainfl law and juftice: and whereas it is evident, that an aft made m the eighth and ninth years of the reign of his late majefty King William the Thirds intituled, An ad for the more effedual re* % w. 3. lief of creditors in cafes of efcapes, and for preventing abufes c. 27. in prifons and pretended privileged places, hath not proved effectual within the faid place* commonly called Suffolk-place, or the Mint 5 and it is abfolutely necefjary* that further provifton Jhould be > for more effeftually abolifhing the pretended privileges aforefaid* end for bringing all offenders in the premiffes to more jpeedy and eX-y juftice: may it therefore pleafe your moft excellent Ma- • jr, that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by the King’s ft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That tf any peribn or perfons (hall, after the tenth day of Oftober one dUNuand (even hundred and twenty three, within the faid place, a *	com-

Juftices may lfliie warrants, Sec. to fearch for leather. See. purloined.

• i j>.i<

i ...	*	*

■ . : . **

And may caule pawned goods to be re-ltored to owners.

Perfons retained by a new matter before the work delivered by a former is done, fliall be fent to the houfe of cor-rc&ion. .

Anno nono Georgii I. c.27.'	[1722;

punilhment as is hereby inflided, or intended to be inflicted on fuch journeyman, journeymen or other perfon or perfons, fa purloining, imbezilling, felling, pawning or exchanging fuch goods or. materials as aforefaid.

III.	And for the more effedhial difeovering where any fuch leather or other materials as aforefaid, which from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, mall be fraudulently fold, exchanged pr pawned; be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it (hal) and may be lawful for any two or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace, dwelling within the limits aforefaid, upon any complaint or information upon oath, to iflfue their warrant pr warrants for fearching in the day-time, the houfe, warehoufe’ or other place of fuch perfon or perfons, as fuch juftices (hall have juft caufe to fufped to have received, bought or taken to pawn, any fuch goods fo fraudulently embezilled or purloined gs aforefaid* and for that purpofe, upon refufal, to break open any fuch . houfe, warehoufe or other place, if there (hall be oc-cafion j ana that every perfon who (hall oppofe and hinder fuch fffarch, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fumof ten pounds to any pierfon or perfons who (hall inform and fue for the fame, within two kalendar months after the offence committed, in apy of bis tMajeftyYcourts of record at Wejlminfter, by adtion qf debt, bill, plaint or information, wherein no eflbin, privilege, prote&ion, order of reftraint, wager of law, or more than one imparlance (hall -be granted or allowed; and if it (hall appear by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, or upon fearch of fuch houfe, warehoufe or other place it (hall be found fuch perfon or perfons hath or have in his, her or their cuftody or pofleflion any fuch goods fo fraudulently fold, exchanged pr pawned as aforefaid, fuch juftices (hall caufe the fame to be reftored to the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors thereof, and oblige the party or parties fo offending, to make Yecompence and fatisfaction to fuch owner, for the lofs and damage in detaining fuch goods, and charges in getting the fame, and upon refufal of the party or parties fo to do, to be fubjeifi to the like punifhment as mall be infii&ed, or hereby provided to be infli&ed,- on fuch journeyman or agent, or other perfon fo fraudulently embeztlling, purloining, felling, exchanging or pawning any .fuch goods as aforefaid.

- IV. And for the better regulating the faid journeymen (hoe-makers, be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That all and every perfon and perfons who (hall at any time hereafter be retained or employed in the making up of any boots, (hoes faid flippers, or other wares, for any one mafter, and (hall neglect the performance thereof, by fuffering himfelf to be retained or employed by any other mafter, or other perfon what-foever, before he or thev (hall have completed the fame, and finifhed the faid work nrft delivered to him or them, then in every foch cafe, every perfon fo offending, being thereof law-/	.	folly

1722.] Anno nono Georgii I. c. 28.	109

fully convicted bv the oath or oaths of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace where the offences (hall be committed, theperfon or per-fons fo convicted (hall be fent to the houfe of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one month.

V. Provided always. That itfhall and may be lawful for any Perfons ag-perfon aggrieved by any order or orders to be made by any grieved may fuch juftice or juftices. to appeal to the next quarter-feflions f5^ng#to of the peace, to be holden for the county, city, town or place where fuch order (hall be made, giving eight days notice of fuch appeal, and fuch juftices at their quarter-feflions (hall hear the * mafter, and (hall have power to make fatisfaCtion to either • $0 m the rt-party, as to them (hall feem juft, whofe determination therein cord. fhall be final.

CAP. XXVIII.

jin all for more effettual execution of juftice in a pretended privileged place in the parifh of Saint George in the county of Surrey, commonly called the Mint; and far bringing to fpeedy and exemplary juftice fuch offenders as are therein mentioned •, and for giving relief to fuch perfcns as are proper objells of charity and compaffion there.

WHEREAS it is notorious, that many evil-difpofed and voided perfons have, in defiance of the known laws of this realmy and to the great dijhonour thereof unlawfully affembled and ajfociated tbemfelves in and about a certain place in the parijb of Saint George in the county of Surrey, commonly called or known by the name <?/SufFolk-place, or the Mint, and have affumed to tbemfelves (by unlawful combinations and confederacies) pretended privileges, altogether fcandalcus and unwarrantable, and have committed great frauds and abufes upon many of bis Majefifs good fubjetts, and by force and violence protested tbemfelves, and their wicked accomplices, againji law and juftice: and whereas it is evident, that an alt made in the eighth and ninth years of the reign of his late majejly King William the Thirdy intituled, An aCt for the more effectual re* % &9 w. 3. lief of creditors in cafes of >efcapes, and for preventing abufes c. 17. in prifons and pretended privileged places, hath not proved effectual within the faid place, commonly called Suffolk-place, or the Mint; and it is abfolutely neceffaryy that further provifeon jhould be made for more effeflually abolijhing the pretended privileges aforefaid% and for bringing all offenders in the premffes to more fpeedy and eX-	,

emplary juftice: may it therefore pleafe your moft excellent Ma- • jefty, that it may be enaCted; and be it enaCted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That if any perfon or perfons (hall, after the tenth day of Oliober one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, within the faid place,

%'	com-

ito	Arinonono Georgii I. c.28.	[1722.

commonly called Suffolk-place, or the Mint* in the parifh of Saint George in the county of Surrey^ or within any the Perfont op- limits, or pretended limits thereof, knowingly and wiltully ob~. eoationof *** or oppofe any perfon or perfons, ferving, or endeavour-writs, *how to*n8	attempting to ferve or execute any writ, or any rule or

be punched. order of any court of law or equity, or other legal procefs what-foever, or any efcape-warrant or any warrant or warrants of any juftice or juftices of the peace* or (hall aflault or abufe any perfon or perlons ferving or executing any fuch writ, rule, or-' der, procefs or warrant, or for having (o done, whereby any fuch perfon or perfons (hall receive any damage or bodily hurt, every perfon fo knowingly and willingly offending in the pre-mlfles, being thereof lawfully convidted, (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall be tranfported to fome or one ot his Ma-jeflVs colonies or plantations in America, by fuch ways, means and methods, and in fuch manner, arid for fuch time, and un-* der fiich pains and penalties, as felons in other cafes are by law to be tranfported.

II.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That after thfe tenth day of October one thoubnd feven hundred and twenty three, upon any complaint or complaints at any time or times to be made to any three or more juftices of the peace of the county of Surrey, by any perfon or perfons, who have or hath, or mall have any debt or debts, fum or fums of money, due or owing to him, her or them, from any perfon or perfons ’now being, or which hereafter (hall be or refide within the laid place or places, commonly called Suffolk-plate, or the Minty or within any the limits, or pretended limits thereof (fuch creditor having any legal writ or procefs taken oflt for profecut-ing recovery, or levying any fuch debt or debts, fum or fums of money, and making oath before fuch juftices of the peace, or any of them, that a debt or debts, exceeding fifty pounds at the leaft, is juftly due to him, her or them, from the perfon or perfons againft whom fuch complaint (hall be made, and that fuch creditor verily believes, that fuch perfon or perfons doth then refide or remain within fuch place or places as afore-fcidj it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid juftices of the peace, or any three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and impowered, in all and every fuch cafe and cafes Tuftices may (jf they in their diferetions (hall find it to be requiiite) to ifliie iflue warrants their warrant or order, from time to time, to the fheriff of the to the foenff, county of Surrey, or to the bailiff of the liberty of the borough Soutbwarky for the time being, thereby ftricHy enjoining toarreft? &c. an^ requiring him or them, his or their refpe&ivt deputy or Perfons owing deputies, officer or officers (under fuch penalty, as by this a£t above so 1.	is preferibed for non-performance of his or their duty therein)

to raife and take the pofje cmitatusy or fuch other power or force, as to the faid juftices, or any three or more of them, (halt feem requifite, and enter the faid pretended privileged place, called Suffeik-placey or the Minty and the limits, or pretended limits thereof, and every or any part thereof, and to *r-

rtft.

1722^ j^mo nono Georgii I. c. 28;	in

reft* and !n cafe of refiftance or fefalal, to open or break open any door or doors to arreft fuch perfon or perfons, upon any piefne procefs, or other procefs, extent or execution, and to feizc die goods of any fuch perfon or perfons, upon any execution or extent; and if any fuch (heriff or chief bailiff, or sheriff.i&c.re* any his or their deputy or deputies; officer or officers, or any fiifing to exe-of them, (hall negleCl or refuie, upon any fuch warrant or or- rute procefs* der, with fuch force, to ufe his or their belt endeavours for executing of fuch procefs, execution or extent, he or they* fo10 p neglecting or refuting to execute fuch procefs, execution or extent, (hall forfeit to the plaintiff or plaintiffs the fum of tvfo hundred pounds, to be recovered by aCtion of debt, or of the cafe, bill, plaint or information, in which no efloin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed 3 Perfont op-and if any perfon or perfons (hall refill or oppoie any officer or officers of juftice, or any perfon or perfons, who (hall be aiding tranfported. ' or affifting to fuch officer or officers in the execution of any ^ writ, or any efcape warrant, or any warrant or warrants of any juftice or juftices of the peace, or of any legal procefs, execu* tion or extent, within the faid place called Suffolk-plaa, Qr thf Mint, or within any the limits, or pretended limits thereof, or (hall make ref com of. any prifoner taken upon any fuch writ}	•

{irocefs, execution or extent, within the place or limits afore*- • aid, or (hall there knowingly harbour or conceal any prifoner fo taken, or any perfon or perfons, who refeued any fuch prisoner, or (hall be any ways contriving, or knowingly and willingly abetting, aiding or affifting, in refilling any fuch officer or officers, or in refeuing any fuch prifoner or prifoners taken as aforefitid, or (hall prefume to exercife any unlawful jurif-diClion, or'make or execute, or join in the making or executing any pretended rule, order or ordinance, for fupporting any pretended privilege .within the (aid place called Suffolk place, of the Minty or any the limits, or pretended limits thereof, contrary to law, or for oppofing or hindering the due execution of any legal procefs, or any lawful warrant, or any rule, order or decree of any court of law or equity, all and every perfon and perfons fo offending, being thereof lawfully convicted upon any indictment or information to be brought or filed within fix months after the offence committed, (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall be tranfported to focne or one of his Maje-fty’s colonies or plantations in Americay by fuch ways, means and methods, and in fuch manner, and for fhch time, and under fuch pains and penalties, as felons in other cafes are by law ' to be tranfported.

III.	And for more effectually preventing for the future tH great and enormous mi/chiefs and abufesy which have been riotoufiy committed and done within the faid place called Suffolk-place or tbf Mint, or within any the limits, or pretended limits thereof \ by wtcM perfons in vizards, mojksy or difguifed habitSy or having their facet or bodies difguifed; be it enaCted by the authority aforefiud, Thai . £f after the tenth day of Q&ober one thoufend feyco. fctMred

Anno nono GeoRgii I. c. 28.

[1722.

Concealers, &c. to be tranfported,

and twenty three, any perfon or perfons whatfoever, wearing per font dif- anY vi*ara> ma(k, or difguifed habit, or having his or their gruifed abet- face or faces, or body or bodies difguifed, (hall within the faid tmg riots, &c. place called Suffolk-place, or the Mint, or within any the limits, to be deemed ^ pretended limits thereof, join in, or aid or abet any riot or ?0IU* tumult there, or (hall, in any vizard, raalk, or other difguife whatfoever, knowingly and willingly there oppofe the execution of any legal pfocefs. order or warrant, or aflault and abufe any perfon or perfons ferving or executing any fuch procefs, order or warrant, or for having fo done, all and every fuch perfon and perfons, being lawfully convidted of any fuch offence, (hall be adjudged guilty ot felony, and (hall forfeit and fuffer as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy; and all perfons aiding, afiifting or abetting, or knowingly harbouring or concealing any fuch difguifed perfon or perfons, being there* of convidled, (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and mall be tranfported to fome or one of his Majefty’s colonies or plantations in America, by fuch ways, means and methods, and in fuch manner, and for fuch time, and under fuch pains and penalties, as felons in other cafes are by law to be tranfported. ' IV. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the tenth day of October * one thoufand feven hundred and twenty-three, all and every perfon and perfons, who (hall apprehend and take any perfon or perfons, guilty of The Aim of any of the offences before mentioned, and profecute fuch perfon 401, to be paid or perfons until he or they be convicted, (hall have and feceive, by the (henff for wety fuch offender fo convidted, the fum of forty pounds, to be paid by the (heriff of the county of Surrey, without any dedudtion or fee for the fame, within one month after fuen convidtion and demand thereof made, by tendring a certificate to the faid (heriff, under the hand or hands of the judge or juftices before whom fuch offender or offenders (hall be convidl-cd, certifying the convidtion of fuch offender or offenders, and that he or they were taken by the perfon or perfons claiming the faid rewaro ; and in cafe any difpute (hall arife between the perfons fo apprehending any of the faid offenders, touching their right and title to the faid reward, that then the faid judge Or juftices, fo refpedtively certifying as aforefaid, (hall in and by his and their faid certificate, diredt and appoint the faid reward to and amongft the parties claiming the fame, in fuch (hares and proportions, as to the faid judge or juftices (hall feem juft and reafonable ; and if it (hall happen any fuch (heriff (hall die or be removed after fuch convidtion and demand made of the faid reward (the fame not being paid as aforefaid) that then the next fucceeding (heriff of the faid county of Surrey (hall pay the fame, within one month after demano, and certificate brought as aforefaid ; and if default of payment of the faid fum or fums of money (hall happen to be made by any fuch (heriff, the (heriff making default (hall forfeit to the perfon and perfons, 1 to whom fuch money (hall be due as aforefaid, double the fum or fums of money fuch (heriff ought to- have paid, to be recovered

• December im tbi record.

on convi&ion of offenders.

Difputes touching the reward, now to be determined*

1722.]	Anno	ncno	GEokGii I. c.28.	ii%

vercd with double cofts of fuit by the perfon or perfons afore- 0n or faid, or his Or their executors or adminiftrators, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlminjier, by aftion of debt, bill, JJJ.	**

plaint or information, wherein no efloin, privilege, protection the reward, or wager of law (hall be allowed, nor more than one imparlance.

V.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe any perfon or perfons (hall happen to be killed by aiiy fuch offender or offenders, endeavouring to apprehend, or in making purfuit after

him or them, that men the executors or adminiftrators, or execu-

fuch perfon or perfons, to whom the right of adminiftration of tors, &c. of

the perfonal eftate of each perfon fo killed (hall belong (upon perfons killed

certificate delivered under tne hands and feals of the juage or.°y

juftices of aflize for the county where the (aft was done, or,^	0

the two next juftices of the peace, of fuch perfon or perfons

being fo killed, which certificate the faid judge or juftices, upon

fufficient proof before him or them m&de, is and are hereby

required immediately to give without fee or reward) (hall receive

the fum of forty pounds from the (heriff of the county where

the faid faft was done and committed, and upon failure of - • - •

payment thereof by the faid (heri(f, fuch (heriff (hall forfeit

double the faid fum* of forty pounds, to be recovered againft;

him, with double cofts of fuit, in manner aforefaid.

VI.	And it is hereby further enafted, That all (heriffs, their

executors or adminiftrators, upon producing fuch refpeftive	^

certificates, and the receipts for the money by them paid in on producing purfuance of this aft, (hall be allowed, and are hereby im-receipts, arc powered to deduft, upon their accounting with his Majefty, his to he allowed heirs and fucceffors, all monies (other than the forfeited fum p^^uSuant and (bins of money, and cofts ot fuit) which they (hall dilburfe to this aft. as aforefaid, without any fee or reward whatfoever.

VII.	Provided always, That if upon the account of any

(heriff there (hall not be fufficient in the hands of fuch (heriff The (heriff to reimburfe him fuch monies paid by him by virtue of this aft, how to be re* that then the lheriff having fo paid the faid monies, (hall have unburfed, the fame repaid by the commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury. orthe lord high treafurer for the time being, out of the revenue of the crown, or by record of furplulage upon any other (heriff indebted to his Majefty, upon certificate from the clerk* of the pipe to that effeft.

VIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Profecutorbe-That in cafe any fuch apprehender and profecutor is guilty of ing himfelf any of the offences aforefaid, every fuch apprehender and pro- guilty, and fecutor, not being in prifon for any the faid offences, and con- ^Vonvift^ni viftihg two or more perfons of any the offences aforefaid, (hall perfons, not only have the aforefaid reward of forty pounds, but (hall &c. (hall have alfo have, and is hereby entitled to his Majefty’s moft gracious the 401. and a pardon, for any of the faid offences committed at any time or

times before difeovery made of fuch other two or more perfons fo to be convifted as aforefaid.

IX.	And whereas it is notorious, that dangerous riots and tumults have been frequently oecafmed, and great mifibiefs done by many in-

Vol,XV.	I	habitants

*14	Anno	noao	Georgii	I.	c.	28.	£1722,

habitants in the faid place y commonly called Suffolk-place, or tbo Mint, unlawfully affembling. tbem/elves* and with force oppofmg tbo execution of legal procefs, Jo that it bath been necejfary, for fuppref-fing fuch riots and tumults, and to enforce due execution of the law9 \	to raife the Pofle Comitatus, or Jome other extraordinary power:

Charge of rai *** t^crcf°rc enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the ne-fing the pofle, ceflary charge of railing the Pojfe Conutatus, or fuch other power how to be de- as aforefaid, for enforcing the due execution of this aft, or the frayed. faid former aft, or for better effefting the purpofes thereof, (hall be paid by the faid (herifF, and allowed^ in nis accounts, or be repaid by the commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, out of the revenue 0$ ... the crown, or by record of furplufage upon any other (herifF in debt upon his account, upon certificate from the clerk of the pipe to that efFeft.

X.	Provided always. That nothing in this aft contained, (hall be conftrued to extend ta repeal or make void the faid re-

S & 9 W. j. cited aft of the eighth .and ninth years of the reign of his fai4 pealcc^by tbir majefty king IVilliam the third, or any other law in force, y * againft pretended privileged places, or for fupprefTing riots or tumults, but that the fame (hall, to all intents and purpofes* be in full force and efFedt, as if this adt had never been made, except in fuch cafes touching which other provifioa is made by this adt.

XI.	And forafmucb as there may be inhabiting or refuting in the faid place called SufFolk-PIace, or the Mint, or within the limits

; thereof fome perfons9 who by misfortunes in trade, or other accidents or calamities, have been reduced to fuch necejfities9 as have obliged them to take Jhelter or protection there; and it may be reafonable and convenient to give fome relief to fuch objects of charity and compajfi-on9 upon their faithful difeovering upon oathy and delivering upy and aligning all their (fates and effects wbatfoevery for the benefit of their creditors, as is herein after directed j be it therefore enaft-ed1, Wr.

Inhabitants of the Mint afligning over their eftefts, &c. are to be dif-charged from arrefts, Sec. Notice inuft be given thi ty days before the feffions to the creditors of the party petitioning to be difeharged. Clerk, of the peace to give a duplicate of dilcharge, on pain of 51. Inhabitants, &c. perjuring themfelves, deemed felons. Perfons difeharged are not to be impriloned for debts due before the nth of February 172s. General iflbe pleadable. Others than the perfons difeharged by this aft are anfwer-*	able as before. No difeharge good, if not obtained before 10 July 1704*

Bankrupts not intitled to tne benefit Of this aft. Difeharge* fraudulently obtained, void. Petitioner, Sec. to leave with the juftices a lid of his creditors, &c. perfons owing more than 50I. &c. not to be difeharged. No fbelterer to gain a fettlement without paying to the poor, or ferving an office, EXP.

CAP*

*7*2.} Anno nono Georgii I. c.29.	115

CAP. XXIX.

An aQ to enable lords of manors more eafilj to recover their fates, and to exempt infants and femes covert from forfeit* seres of their copyhold eftates in particular cafes.

I.	117HE RE A S fome doubts have arifen in the law concerning V V the power of lords of manors in that part of Great Britain called England, and the dominion of Wales, to Jeize the copy* bold landsy tenements and hereditamentSy parcel of their manorsy on the negleh or refufal of perfons to come in9 and be admitted tenants of the fame: therefore for afcertaining the law, and providing a reafonable and proper remedy for tha lords of manors to compel the admillion of their tenants$ be it ena&ed by the King's mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That where any perfon or perfons, being under the age of one and twenty years, or feme or femes covert, (hall from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, be entitled, by defcent or furrender to the ufe of a laft will, to be admitted tenant or tenants of any copyhold mefliiages, lands, tenements or hereditaments, within that part of Great Britain called Englandy or the dominion of Walesy they the faid infants or femes covert, not having been admitted there- Feme coverts to, and not having paid their fines, every fuch infant or feme and l^n}9 covert, in their proper perfons, or fuch feme covert by her at- copy^* * tomey, or fuch infant by his or her guardian or guardians, if hold eftates by he or (he (hall have any fuch; and in cafe he or me (hall have their attorney no guardian or guardians, then by his or her attorney or attor- Qr guardian* nies (for which purpofe fuch infants and femes covert (hall be and are hereby impowered, by writing under his or her hand and feal refpectivelv, to appoint an attorney or attornies on hia or her behalf) (hall come to, and appear at, one of the three next courts, which (hall be kept (for the keeping whereof the ufual notice (hall be given) for fuch manor or manors, whereof fuch mefliiages, lands, tenements or hereditaments, (hall be parcel, and (hall there tender and offer themfelves to the lord* or his Reward of fuch courts, to be admitted tenants to all and every the faid mefliiages, lands, tenements and herditaments fa furrendered, defcended or come to, or to the ufe of every fuch infant or feme covert; to make which appearance, and to take fuch admittance in behalf of fuch infant or feme covert, fuch guardian and attorney (hall be, and they are hereby refpe&ively authorized and required: and in default of the appearance of fuch infants or femes covert, in their own perfons, or by their guardians or attornies in that behalf, and of acceptance of fuch admittance as aforefaid, it lhall and may be lawful to and for the lord or lords of every fuch manor and manors, or his and their Reward and Rewards of the courts thereof, after fuch three fcveral courts have been duly holden for fuch manor or manors, mid proclamations in fuch feveral courts been regularly made*

la	to

ii 6

In default of their appearance the lord may appoint a guardian, &c.

Fines of feme coverts, &c. in what manner demand-able.

If not paid, &c. the lord may' enter and receive the profits of the copyhold til) htftfjitisfyed, See.

The lord to account year-

ly.

Anno nono Georgii I. c. 29#	{*723,

to nominate and appoint at any fubfequent court or courts, to be holden for fuch manor or manors, any fit perfon to be guardian or attorney for every fuch infant or feme covert for that purpofe only, and by fuch guardian or attorney, to admit every fuch infant or feme covert to all and every the faid mefiuages, lands, tenements and hereditaments, according to fuch eftatea as fuch infants or femes covert fhall be legally entitled to therein ; and upon every fuch admittance, to impofe and fet fuch fine and fines, as might have been legally iitipofed and fet, if fuch infant fo admitted had been of full age, or if fuch feme covert had been foie and unmarried.

II.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That upon every fuch admittance’ or admittances of any infant or feme covert as aforefaid, the fine or fines impofed and fet thereupon, (hall and may be demanded by the bailiff or agent of the lord or lords of fuch manors, by a note in writing figned by the lord of fuch manor, or by his fteward, to be left with fuch infant or feme covert, or with the guardian of fuch infant, or huiband of fuch feme covert, or with the tenant or occupier of the mefiuages, lands or tenements, to which fuch infant or feme covert was admitted ; and that if in fuch cafe the laid fine or fines fo impofed and fet, be not paid or tendred to fuch lord or lords, or to his or their fteward or ftewards, within three months after fuch demand made, that then it (hall and may be lawful to and for the lord or lords of fuch manor or manors, where fuch admittance or admittances are had, to enter into and upon all and every the copyhold mefiuages, lands, tenements and hereditaments, to which any fuch infant or feme covert (hall be fo admitted, and to hold and enjoy the fame, and to receive the rents, ifliies and profits thereof, but without liberty to fell any timber (landing thereon, for fo long time only and until by fuch rents, ifiues and profits, fuch lord or lords, (hall be fully paid and fatisfied fuch fine and fines, together with all reafon-able and neceflary cods and charges, which fuch lord or lords (hall have been put unto in levying and railing the fame, and in obtaining the pofleflion of fuch copyhold mefiuages, lands, tenements and hereditaments, although fuch infant or feme covert (hall happen to die before fuch tine and fines, and the cofts and charges aforefaid, (hall be raifed and collected ; of all which rents, ifiues and profits, fo to be received by fuch lord or lords, of fuch manor or manors, or his or their ftewards, bailiffs or fcrvants, upon the occafion aforefaid, fuch lord or lords of fuch manor or manors, (hall yearly and every year, upon demand to ' be made by fuch perfon or perfons, who mall be entitled to the furplus of the rents and profits, over and above what will pay and fatisfy fuch fine and cofts and charges, fo received as aforefaid, or by fuch perfon or perfons, as (hall be then entitled to fuch copyhold eftate, give and render a juft and true account, and (hall pay the faid furplus rents, ifiues and profits, if any, to fuch perfon and perfons, as (hall be refpe<5Uve)y intitled to the fame.	6

And

*7**0 Anno nono Georgii I. C.29.	*	17

III.	And it is hereby further eqafted by the authority aforefaid, That as foon as fuch fine or fines, and the coils, charges and expences aforefaid, (hall be fully paid and fatisfied, or if after fuch feizure of, and entry upon fuch copyhold lands, te-* nements or hereditaments, for the purpofes aforefaid, fuch fine or fines, and the cods and charges aforefaid, (hall be lawfully tendred and offered to be paid and fatisfied to the lord or lords of fuch manor or manors, that then in any of the faid cafes, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch infant or feme covert, or other perfon entitled thereto, to enter upon, and take pof-feffion of, and hold the faid copyhold premifes, according to fuch eflate or interefl, as he or (he (hall be lawfully entitled to therein, and the lord and lords of fuch manor or manors (hall, and is and are hereby required, in any of the faid cafe* to deliver pofleflion thereof accordingly ; and if fuch lord or lords of

fuch manor, after fuch fine or fines, and the cofts and charges And dial! de« aforefaid (hall be fully paid and fatisfied, or after the fame (hall liver up pof-Jjave been tendred or offered to be paid as aforefaid, (hall refufe on to deliver the pofleflion of the faid copvhold premifes as afore-	tbf

faid, he or they, (hall be liable to, and (nail make fatisfaclion to the perfon or perfon s fo kept out of pofleflion, for all the damages that he or (he fl>all thereby fuftain, and all the cofts and charges that he or (he (hall be put unto for recovery thereof.	,

IV.	And be it further ena<5led> by the authority aforefaid.

That where any infant or feme covert (hall be admitted to any copyhold mefluages, lands, tenements or hereditaments, if the guardian of fuch infant, or hulband of fuch feme covert, (hall

pay to the lord or lords of aqy manor or manors, the fine or	f

fines legally impofed and fet upon fuch admittance or admittances, and the cofts and charges which fuch lord of fuch ma- Guardians or nors (hall have been put unto as aforefaid, that then it (hall and hufbands pay-may be lawful to and for every guardian of fuch infant, or huf- *nS band of fuch feme covert, their executors and adminiftrators, themfclves ouf to enter into, and to hold and enjoy all and every the faid copy- of the rents of hold mefluages. lands, tenements and hereditaments, to which the copyhold, fuch infant or feme covert (hall be fo admitted, and the rents, iffues and profits thereof to receive and take to his and their own ufe, until thereby fuch guardian of fuch infant, or huf-band of fuch feme cpvert, their executors and adminiftrators,

(hall be fully fatisfied and paid all and every fuch fum and fums of money, as they (hall refpe<5fivejy pay and diibutfe upon the account aforefaid, notwithftanding the death or deaths of fuch infants or femes covert (hall happen before fuch fum or fums of money fo expended (hall or may be fo raifed and reimburfed.

V.	Provided always, and be it ena&pd by the authority afore-No forfeiture faid. That from and after the aforefaid twenty fourth day of*° be incurred June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, no infant*y^m^°'for <yr feme cpvert (hall forfeit any copyhold mefluages, lands, te- not appearing* nements Or hereditaments, within that part of Great Britamw refuting to called England, and the dominion of Walei) for their ncgledt pay fine*

* 2	or

x 81	Anno	nono	Georcij	L	c.	30.	11722#

or rcfufal to come to any court or courts to be kept for any manor or manors, whereof fuch mefluages, lands, tenements or 'hereditaments are parcel, and to be admitted Xhereto, nor for the omiffion, denial or refufal of any fuch infant or feme covert, to pay any fine or fines, impoled or fet upon their or any of their admittances to any fuch copyhold meffuages, lands, tenements or hereditaments ; any law, ufage or cufiom to the Fineinot war- contrary thereof notwithftanding,

ranted by cu- VI. Provided neverthelefs. That if the faid fine or fines, ftom, &c. may impofed jn any Qf the c^fcs before-mentioned, (hall not be war-be controvert- rantC(j t^e cuftom Gf the manor, or (hall bf unlawful, that then fuen infant or feme covert (hall be at liberty to controvert the legality of fuch fine or fines, in fuch manner as he or (he might have done, if this a St had never been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XXX.

An aB for compleating the repairs of the harbour of Dover* in the county of Kent; and for reftoring the harbour of Rye, in the county of Suflex, to its antient goodnefs.

ef. \\T HER EAS the repairing and keeping chan the harbours fcgual by to 7 ▼ °f this kingdom is of great ufe and benefit to trade and Geo. 1. c. 7. navigation: And whereas, for repairing the harbour of Dover, in the county of Kent, an aB was made in the eleventh and twelfth

V.	*.*.11 W* fears. ri*&n 9f. ^ate	King	William	the	third, of

* 5#	glorious memory,	intitled,	an aft for the repair of Dover harbour,

whereby a duty of three pence pet tun was laidupon all fuch ftdps and vejfels as are therein described, for raifmg the Jum of thirty thoufand and one hundred pounds; which faid duty was to commence from the firji day of May in the year of our Lord one thoufand [even hundred, and to continue to the firfi day of May in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and nine: and whereas the faid aB was, by another aB made in the fecondyear of the reign of her late majejty % Ann. c. 7. Queen Anne, continued from the thirtieth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and nine, until the firfi day of May one thoufand Jeven hundred and eighteen: and the faid two aBs are, by another aB made 4GC0.1. c. 13. in the fourth year of his trejent Majefiy's reign, further continued from the faid frji day of May one thoufand feven hundred and eighteen, until the firfi day of May one thoufand feven hundred and tiventy-feven: arid whereas it is found, that the faid fum of thirty thoufand and one hundred pounds is not fujficient for the purpofes ef • phe faid aBs (feverat breaches, and other unforrjeen accidents, having happened by forms, and the rage of the fea, and extraordinary works having been found nereffary to be done for fecuring the faid bar* hour) fo that, unlejs a further fum be raifed, the faid harbour Cannot be effeBuaUy repatred and fecured, according to the intent of the faid aBs, but the ufeful works, already begun and carried on for the benefit of the publick, will be wholly loft, and the faid harbour again fall to decay, and the town itfelf be in danger of being utterly loft and deflrcycd: and whereas the ancient harbour of Rye in the corns*

V

■	•	r

4721.] Anno nono GeorgiiI. C. 31,32.	119

ty of Suflex, formerly of great uft and benefit to trade andnaviga~ tion, is at prefent choked up, andalnufl ruined by the Jbifting of the iteach without', and fettling of the fullage within, and by flopping the flax of the tide,Jo that for preventing the utter lofs of the laid harbour, it is necejjary to open the fame, and to let the tide have free courfe through certain flukes near to the faid harbour, cal’ed Sc6tch flatt and Craven fluices, in the prefent channels to the drowned lands between Blackwall and Maytnam, in the faid counties ^Kent and Suffcx, or into fuch other cut or channel, as JbaU be found mojl proper and expedient to reflore the faid Harbour : to the end therefore that the faid works at Dover harbour may be completed and finifhed, and the fame harbour be effectually repaired and fecured j and to the end the faid .harbour of Rye may be repaired and reftored to its antient goodnefs, and fecured for the benefit of trade and navigation \ may it pleafe your Majefty, that it may be enaCted, £*.

The ads 11, k, is. W. 3. and a Ann. fhall continue froto the firfF of May 1713, until the firft of May 1744. Eleven truftees may alt, may remove bridges, &c. and contrail with workmen, Truftees and guardi* ans, &c. may fell, and are indemnified for alts done in purfuance of this ftatute. Commifiioners are to ifTue warrants for returning of juries. Who are to inquire into the value of the lands to be ufed, See. in repairs of the harbour $ their verdilt, &c. with notice in writing, Sec. to bind all parties interefted. On tender, &c. of cbnfideradon money, and refu&l, truftees . may uie the lands, &c.. Commifiioners may borrow money, and aflbre the duties for a fecurity. Commifiioners may appoint receivers for the duties. The aocounts to be laid before the juftices at the fcflions: who may impofe fines for mi&pplicatians, Sec. Receivers, &c. refuting to lay their accounts before the juftices. See. are to be fined. No perlon (haU empty duft. Sec. into the harbour, on pain of 40 s. Commifiioners dying or refuting to alt, others (hall be choien in their room. Commiffionen fhall have no place of profit arifing by the dutitt. When the harbour Is repaired, the duties (hall ceafe. The work (hall not be carried on to the damage of the lands adjoining. Continued by it. Geo. s. c. 7.

CAP. XltXI.

An.aft for repairing the highways from the city of Gloucefter to the top of Birdlip-nill, (being the road to London) and from the foot of the 1 faid hill to the top of Crickley-Hill, (being the road to Oxford) and to oblige thofe concerned in the receipt or payment of any monies, by virtue of an alt of the ninth and tenth years of his late majefty King William, touching the repairing the faid highways, to account tor the fame to the troftees appointed by this alt.

The toll granted by this alt takes place from, the firfa of May 171)4 for years. Continued ty 16 Geo. %. c. 11.

CAP.V XXXII.

An alt for confirmingartides of agreement between the principal officers J>f the ordnance and Thomas Miffing, efqj for exchange of fome lands at Portfiaouth for the fervice of his Majefty.

I 4	Anno

no	Annotiono.'G^o|i>Qt|I»cf	4-	[1725.

4-	‘

/4nno Regni GEORGII I. Regis Magna Britannia, Francia & Hibernia, decimo.

tx?.

AT the parliament begun and bolden at Weftminfter, the ninth day of Oftober, Anno Domini one thousand feven hundred and twenty two, in the ninth year of the reign of ourfovereign lord GEORGE, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued by feveral prorogations to the ninth day of January one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three j being the fecond fefjion of tbif 'prefent parliament.

CAP. I.

An,a£t for granting an aid to hit Majcfty by a land tax in Great Britain, to be raifed for the. (ervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred anti twenty four. £XiP. if, in. the Pound.

CAP. IL

An a& for continuing the duties on malt, mum, cyder and perry to raife money by wav of a lottery, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty four; and touching loft bills, tickets, certificates or orders; and forgiving further time tor payment of the duties on money given with apprentices; and for appropriating the fupplies granted in this fefiion of parliament.	,

■	.	CAP.	III.

An a£t for punching mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters. EXP.

CAP. IV.

An all for explaining and amending an aft of the lajl feffion of parliament, intituled, an aft to oblige all perfons, being papifts, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and all perfons in Great Britain, refufing or ne-glefting to take the oaths.appointed for the fecurity of nis Majefty’s perfon and government, by feveral afts herein mentioned, to regifter their names and real eftates, andfor enlarging the time for taking the faid oaths, and making fuch regifters, and for allowing farther time for the enrollment of deeds or wills made by papifts, which have been omitted to be enrolled, pvrfuant to an aft of the. third year of his Majcfty's reign •, and alfo for giving re* lief to proteftant lejfees.

J. TTTHEREAS m and byana3 pajfei in the laft feffion of par-c	' VV Hament, intituled, an aft to oblige all perfons, being pa-

*	• * jvfts in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and all perfons in

Great Britain, refufing or neglefting to cake the oaths appointed for

the

.1722.]	'*	Anno declmo Georgii I* c.4;'	itt

the fecurity of his Majefty’s perfon and government, by feveral. z6k herein mentioned, to regifter their names and real effaces, It is (a* mongft other things) enaSted, That all and story perfon and perfons what- . foever inhabiting in that part of Great Britain called England, Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, who fbould be at the age of eighteen years or upwards, not having, before the making of the faid a&, taken the oaths appointed to be taken in and by an 0 made in the firjl year of bis Majefty's reign* intituled, An aft for the further fecurity of his Majefty’s perfon and government, and the fuccefBon of the crown 1 Gco* 1 in the heirs of the late princefs Sophia, being proteftants, and for*' c‘ extinguifhing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and his open and fecret abettors, and who fbould negleft or refufe to take the faid oaths on or before the twenty fifth day of December one tboufand fe~ ven hundred and twenty three, in any of bis Majefty’s courts of record at Weftminfter, or at the general or quarter-feffions for the county, city, town, liberty or divifion where fucb perfon or perfons fbould live or inhabit, fbould, on of before the twenty fifth day of March one tboufand fatten hundred and twenty four, regifter or caufe to be regiftred, their re-fpe&ive names and real eftates, in fucb and the fame manner and form as papifts were obliged and directed to regifter their names and real eftates, in and by an a& paffed in the firft year of bis Majefty's reign, intituled, an aft to oblige papifts to regifter their names and real eftates, and alfo by another a&, ipadeand paffed in the third year of bis faid Majefty’s reign, intituled, an aft for explaining an aft pafTed in the laft feffion x Geo. t. flat* of parliament, intituled, an a& to oblige papifts to regifter their names *• c. 55. and real eftates; and for enlarging the time for fuch regiftring, and 3Gco* i-c.xS for fecuring purchafes made to the proteftants, and the faid rejpe&ive officers appointed by the faid laft mentioned aSts, paffed in the firft and third years of bis Majefty's reign, appointed and dircQcd to take and re* ceive the regifters tf the names and real eftates of fucb papifts, were by the faid 0 of the laft feffion of parliament authorized and required to take and receive the regifter of the names and real eftates, which were by toirtue of the faid laft mentioned afts appointed to be regiftred, in fud and the fame manner and form, ashy the faid other aQs were prefcribed in relation to papifts, and fbould fign and return true copies of the fame into bis Majefty’s court of exchequer at Weftminfter, on or before the. twenty ninth day of September one tboufand f even hundred and twenty-four; and it is by the faid a& further enaBed, That all and every papifti or reputed papifts or other perfon or perfons prof effing the popijb religion, and all and every other perfon or perfons whatsoever, inhabiting in that part of Gr.jat Britain called Scotland, who fbould be at the age of eighteen years or upwards, not having, before the making of the faid 0, taken and fuhfcribed the oath of allegiance, fubfcribed the affurance, and ’ taken and figned the oath of abjuration, as directed to be taken and fuhfcribed by fucb perfons, who bare any office under bis Majeftyby the a-forefaid a& made in the firft year of bis Majefty's reign, intituled, an aft for the further fecurity of his Majefty’s perfon and government, 7 Gea 1 fiat, and the fuccefBon of the crown in the heirs of the late priocefa*c# *3* Sophia, being proteftants, and for extinguifhing the hopes of the* pretended prince of Wales, and his open and fecret abettors, and who fbould negleSk or refufe to take and fuhfcribe the faid oaths, and fuh-Jcribe the faid affurance, on or before the twenty fifth day of March one tboufandJeven hundred and twenty four, before and in the court of the Igrds of feffion, or the court ofjufticiary, or the court of exchequer in Scotland,

f*Z	Anno tVfcimo GfcoRGil I. c. 4.

land, or before the juftices of tbe peace at tbeir quarter-fcjjions, held far the county, {hire, ftewartry, city, burgh, town or liberty where fucb pet* fin or perfins fbould lice or inhabit; or before fberiffs or ftewarts, or tbeir deputies, in open courts held for fucb /hire, ftewartty, city or borough re* ffktively, where fucb perfon or perjons fbould live or inhabit as afore* Jaid, every fucbpaptft, reputed papft, or perfonprofeffing thepopijb religion, and all and every fucb other perfon or perfins who Jbould negUS or re• fufe to take and fubfcHbe the fold oaths, and fubfcribe the fail affurance by the time afirefaid, fbould, on or before the twenty fourth day of Jane me tboufand fevet% hundred and twenty four, regifter or caufe to be regif* tred their refpe&ive names and real eftates in the fberiffs court of fitch fbire or county wherein tbeir eftates did rejpe&ively lie, in the fame math tier and form as papifts, in that part of Great Britain called England, were obliged and dire&ed to regifter tbeir names and real eftates in and by an aSt paffed in the firft year of bis Majeft yV feign, intituled, an aft 1 Geo. i. flat, to oblige papifts to regifter their names and real eftates, and alfo bp a c. 55.	another aSt, made and paffed in the third year of bis Meatfly's reign. In*

r	tituled, an ad for explaining an aft, patted in the lau feflion of par*

jueo. i. c. is. liament, intituled, an a& to oblige papifts to regifter tbek names and real eftates; and for enlarging the time for fucb regiftfing; and for fecuring purchases made by proteftants, and the /aid refpefHve fberiffs, or fberiffs deputies, were, by the faid a& of the left feff on of parliament, oGeo. 1. c. *4. thre&ed and required to take and receive fucb regiftrations as were there* by required to be made, and keep fucb books, and make fucb entries, as the clerks of the peace of tbe feveral counties, within that part of Great Britain called England, were, by virtue of the aforeJM a& of the juft year of bis Majefty's reign, intituled, an aft to oblige papifts to regtf* s Geo. 1 flat, ter their names and real eftates, iire&ed and required to keep and make, *•c* 55*	and fbould fign and return true copies of fucb regiftrations into bis Mo*'

July's court of exchequer in Scotland, on or before tbe twenty fourth dap of December one tboufand [even hundred and twenty four; and it is by tbe faid a& further ena&ed, That in cafe any perfon or perfins, who wot or were thereby dire&ed and rewired to take and fubfcribe tbe oatbs and affurance refpe&ively as aforejaid; or for want thereof, to regifter bis, her or their names, and real eftates, fbould not take and fubfcribe fucb oatbs and affurances refpe&ively, or regifter or caufe to be regiftred tbeir names and real eftates, in fucb manner as in tbe faid a& before is dire&ed, witbin tbe refpe&ive times therein limited ana appointed for tbe doing thereof; then, and in every fucb cafe, tbe perfon or perfins nCgle&ing or rtfuftng to take and fubfcribe fucb oatbs and affurance refpe&ively, or fir want thereof to make fucb regiftry as aforejaid, fbould forfeit tbe fie* fimple and inheritance of, or fitch eftate and intereft in all Jucb landsfe* laments and hereditaments not regiftred, whereof be, fbe or they, or any perfon orperfons in truft for him, her or them, was or were feifed in fie* Jbnple, or otberwife interefted in at tbe time of fucb default as aforejaid, two third parts thereof totbe King, and the other third part thereof to fuels perfon or perfins, being a proteftant or proteftants, who fbould fia for fucb forfeited lands, tenements or hereditaments as jbould lie m England, tbe dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, in any fucb court, and by fucb ways or means as were directed by the fold therein re*

? cited ail to oblige papifts to regifter tbeir names and reafteffatoc, and fbould fie in his Majefty's court ef exchequer in Scotland for fucb forfeited lands tenements or beroditametys as Jbould lie in that part of Great Bri.

taw

1723.]	Anno	decirao GeorgiiT. c. 5.

tain called Scotland: and whereas the greotejl port of the perfons refuir-ed by the faid a& to take the aforefaid oatbs, on or before the /aid five mid twentieth day of December, have, in tefiimony of tbeir loyalty to bis Majejly, and tbeir zeal and affefiion for bis faered perfon and go* vemmentf and tbe proteftant fuccefflon in bis royal boufe, and in obedience to tbe laid aB, taken tbe faid oatbs; but by reafon of tbe fbortnefs of tbe time allowed for ibatpwrpofi, many perfons bane been prevented firm taking tbe fame; and tbe time limited for taking and fubferibing tbq faid oatbs, and fubferibing tbe faid ajfurance9 within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, has been found not to beJmfficient; and divers doubts and queftions have arifin, and may hereafter arife upon tbe faid rusted aB, as well in refpetf of tbe defeription of tbe perfons thereby re? mdred to take tbe faid oatbs, or to take amfubferibetbe faid oatbs, andJub-Jcribe tbe faid ajjurance, as of tbe confequences and effe&s of tbe penal* ties and forfeitures thereby irfiiBed: now, for tbe taking away and quieting all fuch doubts and queliions, and for the preventing all inconveniendcs that might happen by means thereof; be it ena&ed and declared, &c.

No woman obliged to take the oaths, Sec. nor reveWionerr, &c. Perfons indemnified from penalties, See. for not having taken oaths, See. Thore that have neglcfted to take the oaths. Sec. taking them on or before tS Novem. 1714, difebarged from regiftring. See. And in default to regifter their names. Sec. on or before 14 June 1725. Clerks of the peace in Eng-hind to return copies of regifters into the exchequer by 29 Sept. 1725, and the keeper of the general regiftry in Scotland to do the like there* Penalty on perfons that have not already taken, and (hall not, within the time by this a& appointed, take the oaths. Sec. Provifo for perfons ia prifon, beyond the (eas, Non compos mentis, or difabled by ficknefs, Sec. No a&ion on penalty for not having taken oaths. Sec. to bebrought after fix months* Forfeitures of fee-firaple, Sec. repealed. Quakers to make the declaration of fidelity. Proteftants in Scotland taking and fubferibing the oath appointed by afl 5 Geo. 1. c. 29. (to be taken by preachers meeting-houfos, Sec. there) deemed to have complied with this. Penalties on papifts, &c. in Scotland refuting to fubferibe the Formula, Sec• Three pence for taking oaths, Sec. and fix pence for certificate. Certifi* Cate to be evidence in any court, Sec. Perfons ex culed from regiftring, having regiftred their eftates, may withdraw fuch regifter. How Jews are to take the abjuration oath. Relief for fuch proteftant leifees, as have negle&ed to inrol deeds or wills, in due time, Sec. No deed, Sec. made, good by this a&, whereof advantage for want of inroiment (hall be taken on or before the 6th of March 1723* EXP*

CAP. V.

An aft for redeeming certain annuities after tbe rate of five pounds per centum per annum *, and for payment of tbe principal - and intereft on tbe Jlanding orders for tbt blank tickets in tbe lottery granted for tbe fervice of tbe year * one tboufand feven hundred and fourteen * and for snaking good tbe lofs which happened in tbe treafury of his Majefly's exchequer, by the reduction of guineas , and for granting reUef to Catherine Collingwood, widow.

L AY it pleafe your mjl excellent Majejty, Whereas in and by gn JyX oB ef parliament, made end puffed in tbe firji year of your Mfltftj'f reign, intituled, an aft for raujng nine hundred and tci

thou*

1 Geo. i. *• c. 19.

t Geo. 1 ». c- 11.

Anno decimo Georgii I. c. 5.	{1713.

ftat. tboufand pounds for publlck fervices, by fale of annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament, and to authorize a treaty concerning private rights claimed by the proprietors of the fugar-houfes in Scotland, a certain yearly Jum of forty five tboufand five hundred pounds was eftablijbed to be a diftinct and jeparate yearly fund for anjwering and paying certain annuities, after tbe rate of five pounds per centum per annum, which were then to be purebafed upon tbe fame act, until tbk redemption thereof by parliament; and tbe faid yearly fund was thereby directed to be ijfued at tbe exchequer to tbe jirft and chief cojbier of tbe governor and company of tbe bank of England for tbe time being, by way of impreft, and upon account, for payment of tbe faid annuities, which were to be purebafed upon that act; and it was thereby enacted. That tbe monies wbicb jbould be contributed on tbe fame a£l for or towards tbe fum of nine hundred and ten tboufand pounds therein mentioned, Jbould be deenikd to be a capital or joint ftock on wbicb fucb annuities jbould be attending; and tbe fame joint flock, and tbe proportional annuities attending tbe fame, were thereby made transferable and devifeable in tbe manner thereby pre-feribed; and in tbe faid a& is contained a provifo, That at any time upon one year's notice, and repayment by parliament, of tbe faid Jum of nine hundred and ten tboufand pounds, or fo much thereof, as Jbould be advanced upon tbe faid ad, unto tbe refpedive contributors of tbe fame, or to fucb perfon or perfons as by, from or unficr them, Jbould then be en* titled to tbe faid annuities, after tbe rate of Jive pounds per centum per annum, in refped of tbe money fo advanced, according to fucb interefl* as they refpedmely Jbould then have in tbe fame annuities, and alfo upon full payment and Jatisfadion of all arrears of tbe faid annuities, after tbe rate of five pounds per centum per annum (if any fucb Jball be then due) then, and not till then, tbe faid annuities, after tbe rate of five pounds per centum per annum created by that ad, Jbould tcafe and determine: and whereas tbe contributions on tbe faid ad did amount to tbe faid full fum of nine hundred and ten tboufand pounds, and tbe annuities, wbicb became payable in refpeSt of tbe fame, did amount to tbe yearly Jum of forty five tboufand five hundred pounds: and whereas, fince tbe ^taking of tbe faid ad, as much of tbe faid capital ftock as amounted to feven hundred and fix tboufand one hundred and feventy five pounds andfif'* teen Jbillings, and as many of tbe faid annuities attending tbe fame, as a* mounted to thirty five tboufand three hundred and eight pounds fifteen Jbillings and nine pence per annum, have been fubferibed into tbe capital flock and yearly fund of tbe South-Sea company, and as much of tbe faid capital ftock, created by tbe a& in part before recited, as amounts to two hundred and three tboufand eight hundred twenty four pounds and five Jbillings, and as many of tbe faid annuities as amount to ten tboufand one hundred ninety one pounds four Jbillings and three pence per annum, in refpeB thereof do ftill remain transferable at tbe bank, or devifeable as aforefaid, and are payable by tbe caflner of tbe governor and company of tbe bank of England for tbe time being: And whereas in and by certain claufes contained in another aft of parliament made and paffed in tbe faid Juft year of your Majefty's reign, intituled. An a ft for enlarging the capital (lock and yearly fund of* the Smdb-Sea company, and

Hat ^or frPP1?’1^ thereby eight hundred and twenty two thoufand,thtrty two pounds four ihillings and eight pence to publick ufes; and for railing one bundled (ixry nine thoufand pounds for the like ufes

by

1723*1	Anno decimo Georgii I; c. 5.

by fale of annuities upon divers encouragements therein mentioned; and for appropriating feveral fupplies granted to his Majefty, for encouragement of fucb perfons and corporations as would advance* for the fervice of tbt public^ any fum or fums of money not exceeding the further fum of one hundred fixty nine tboufand pounds, a certain yearly fum of eight tboufand four hundred and fifty pounds was eftablijbed to be a difiinB or feparate fund for anfwertng and paying annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, which were thereby to be purebafed, until tbe redemption thereof by parliament; and tbe faid yearly fum or fund of eight tboufand four hundred and fifty pounds per annum was thereby. directed to be iffued at tbe exchequer to tbe firft and chief cafbier of tbe governor and company of tbe bank of England for tbe time beingy by way of mprefty and upon account, for payment of tbe faid annuities, not exceeding eight tboufand four hundred and fifty pounds per annum; and it was thereby enaBed, That tbe monies, which Jbould be fo contributed or advanced for or towards tbe faid fum, not exceeding one hundred fixty nine tboufand poundsy Jbould be a capital or joint flock on which tbe annuities laft mentioned Jbould be attending, and tbe fame joint flock, and tbe proportional annuities attending tbe fame, were thereby made transf enable and devifeable in tbe manner tBereby preferilh ed: and in tbe 08 lajl mentioned there is contained a provifo, That at any time upon one year's notice, and repayment by parliament of tbe faid fum of one hundred fixty nine tboufand pounds, or fo much thereof as; Jbould be advanced on tbe ad lajl mentioned, unto tbe refpedive contributors of tbe fame, or to fucb perfon or perfons as by, from or under them* Jbould be then entitled to tbe fame annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, in refped of tbe monies fo advanced according to fucb interejls as they refpedively Jbould then have in tbe fame annuities, and alfo upon full payment and fatisfaftion of all arrears of tbe fame annuities, after tbe rate of five pounds per centum per annum (if any Jbould be then due) then, and not till then, tbe faid lajl mentioned annuitiesy after tbe rate of five pounds per centum per annum, Jbould alfo ceafe and determine: arid whereas tbe contributions upon tbe clanfes in tbe aft lajl mentioned for fucb annuities as aforefaid, did amount to tbe faid whole fum of one hundred fixty nine tboufand pounds, and tbe annuities, which were .payable in refpeft of tbe fame, did amount to the faid yearly fum of eight tboufand four hundred and fifty pounds; and, fince tbe making of the aft lajl in part before recited, as much of the faid capital flock lajl mentioned, as amounted to one hundred thirty /even tboufand five hundred twenty fix pounds fix /billings and eight pence, and as many of tbe fame annuities attending tbe fame flock, as amounted, to fix tboufand eight hundred fevenly fix pounds fix /billing and four pence per annum, have been fubferibed into tbe capital flock and fund of the South-Sea company, and as much of tbe faid capital flock of one hundred fixty nine tboufand pounds, as amounts to thirty one thoufana four hundred Jiventy three pounds thirteen Jbillings and four pence, and as many of the faid annuities attending the fame, as amount to one tboufand five hundred feventy three pounds thirteen Jhillings and eight pence per annum, ftiil remain transfenable at tbe hanky and devifeable as aforefaid, and payable by tbe faid cafbier of tbe governor and company of tbe bank of England for tbe time being: and whereas due notices*were given by tbe right honourable Spencer Compton, efquire, Jpeaker of tbe honour-otic hauft of commons, for redeeming tbe faid feveral annuities of ten

tbtio-

Anno dccimo GeoROIi I. c.$.	ll723-

tboufand one hundred ninety one pounds four Jhillings and three pence per annum, and one tboufand five bundredjeventy three pounds thirteen /billings and eight pence per annum, and purfuant to the faid notices the fame are redeemable at the feaft of the annunciation of the bleffed Virgin Mary in the year of our Lord one tboufand feven hundred and twenty four: and whereas in and by a claufe in a certain a& of parliament paffed in the fifth year of your Majeftfs reign, intituled, An aft for granting to _	his	Majefty	an	aid	by a land-tax to be railed in Great Britain, for

5ueo. i. c. i* Cfte fervicf 0f the year one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen, it was ena&ed. That a certain deficiency or Jim of one hundred and ten tboufand three hundred and twelve pounds feventeen Jbillings and four pence three farthings therein mentioned, fhould be fupplied and made good to the treafnrer of bis Majefty*s navy, by and out of tbe general yearly fund of /even hundred twenty four tboufand eight hundred forty nine pounds fix fbilHngs and ten pence one fifth part of a penny, or out of money to be ratfed at tbe exchequer for purcbaflng an annuity or annuities, after a rate not exceeding five founds per centum per annum, for tbe faidfim of one hundred ten tboufand three hundred and twelve pounds feventeen Jbitttygs and four pence three farthings; and that fucb annuities fhould be charged on tbe faid general yearly fund, and be payable and transferable at tbe bank of England, as otter annuities payable out of tbe faid general yearly fund were intended, by any former a# or a8s of parliament then in force, to be payable and tranrferrdbli, until tbe redemption thereof by parliament: and whereat, in purfuance of tbe faid claufe, an annuity of five tboufand five hundred and fifteen pounds twelve fbilHngs and ten pence farthing per annum, being after tbe rate of five pounds per centum per annum for tbe faid funi of one hundred and ten tboufand three btmdred and twehe pounds feventeen Jhillings and four pence thee farthings, was created md charged on tbe faid general fund; and whereas as much of tbe faid laft mentioned capital fum, as amounted to tbe fum of one hundred and feven tboufand eight hundred and two pounds feventeen fbillings and four pence three farthings, and as much of tbe faid annuities attending tbe fame, as amounted to five tboufand three hundred and ninety pounds two (hillings and ten pence farthing per annum, have been fuhjcribed into tbe capital ftock if tbe South-Sea company, and as much of tbe faid capital fum as amounts to two tboufand five hundred and ten pounds, and as much of tbe fame annuity attending tbe fame as amounts to one hundred twenty five pounds and ten fbillings per annum, do ftiU remain transfertable at tbe bank of England, and are redeemable by parliament ; and whereas tbe fum of one million one bun* dred fifty feven tboufand three hundred and fixty pounds, in refpeEt only of tbe tickets commonly called tbe blank tickets, drawn in tbe lottery for roofing fourteen hundred tboufand pounds, for tbe fervice if tbe year one tboufand feven btmdred and fourteen, was charged, with an intereft after tbe rate of five pounds per centum per annum! upon the yearly fund of one hundred and fixteen tboufand five hundred feventy three pounds twelve fbillings, payable at tbe exchequer out of certain duties on foap, paper, linens, filks, callicoes, fluffs, ftarcb, exported coals, and upon ftampt vellum, parchment and paper, granted for thirty two years, from tbe feconi An ftaf °/ Auguft one tboufand feven btmdred and fourteen, by two a&s, one »*c. §! Kat# of tbe twelfth year of tbe reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, intfaded, '** An aft for laying additional duties on foap and p$per, and upon certain linens, filks, callicoes and (luffs, and upon ftarcb, exported

coals,

’7*3*1	<	'Anno dedmo Georgii I. c. 5*

coals, and upon ftampt vellum, parchment and paper, for rai- x Geo-fing one million four hundred thoufand pounds by way of a *• *• *• lottery for her Majefty’s fupply, and for allowances on exporting made wares of leather, (beep-flans and lamb-fkins; and for diftribution of four thoufand pounds, due to the officers and feamen for gun-money * and to adjuft the property of ticket* in former lotteries; and touching certain (hares of dock in the capital of the South-Sea company; and for appropriating the monies granted to her Maiefty, and the other of the firft year of your Majeflys reign* intituled, An aft for re&ifying miftakes in the names of the commiffioners of the land-tax, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and fourteen; and for railing fo much as is wanting to make up the fum of fourteen hundred thoufand pounds, intended to be raifed by a lottery for the pub-lick fervice in the faid year, or by one of the aits laft mentioned: and whereat fo much of the faid laft mentioned principal fum of one million one hundred fifty feven thoufand three hundred andjixty pounds remains unpaid off or mfuhfcribed into the capital flock of the South-Sea company* as amounts to the principal fum of one hundred and ten thoufand fix hundred pounds* and the fame is payable on certainft and-ing orders made out in purfuance of the faid laft mentioned acts* or me of them, by the paymajler or paymaflers appointed or to be appointed in purfuance of tbe fame aitsr or one of them: and whereat the monies anfen or to arife in the receipt of tbe exchequer of the fur-piaffes* excejfes and overplus monies* commonly called the Jinking fund% at prefent fland appropriated to tbe paying off and cancelling the feve-rat exchequer-hills now in being* or feme of them; and toe governor and company of the bank of England are under a contrail or contrail* for circulating or exchanging tbe fame exchequer-bills for ready money: and whereas the faid governor and company have confcnted* that not-witbflanding fuch prefent appropriation* fo much of tbe monies* arifen or to arife into the receipt of the exchequer of the faid furpluffes, excejfes* or overplus monies* commonly called tbe Jinking fund* at or before tbe feaft of the annunciation of the blejfedVirgin Mary which.

Ivail be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty four* as will be necejjary to pay off the faid feveral capital or principal fums fo remaining unfubferibed or unpaid off as aforefaid* and all arrears of the annuities or interefls attending thereon, may be if-, fued and applied for the redeeming and paying off the fame* fo as thr remainder thereof* and the monies which from the faid feqft-day Jhall arife from the fame furpluffes* excejfes or overpass monies, remain and continue appropriated* as they are at prefent: now we your Majefty’s dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, being refolved to pay off and discharge the faid feveral capital fums of two hundred and three thoufand eight hundred twenty four pounds five (hillings, thirty one thoufand four hundred feventy three pounds thirteen^ millings and four pence, and two thoufand five hundred and ten pounds, making together two hundred thirty feven thoufand eight hundred and (even pounds eighteen (hiflings and four peace* and to redeem the faid feveral annuities attending there-

2	on.

«7

1. ftat*

*12®	Arih&deciliio	GisofcOil	L	Csfr'	{*7*3*

oil, and alfo to pay off and difcharge the faid principal fum of One hundred and ten thoufand llx hundred pounds fo as afore-faid remaining due on the faid orders made forth for the faid blank lottery tickets, together with the intereft due or to grow - ' due thereon, at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum as aforefaid i and being defirous thereby in fome meafure to cafe the prefent burthen of the publick debts and incumbrances, and to the intent that fufficient monies may be iflued and applied for the ends and purpofes aforefaid, do humbly befeech your Majefty, That it may be enacted, and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty,' by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, that out of fuch monies as are or (hall be in the receipt of the exchequer of the furplufles, excefles and overplus monies commonly called the finking fund, arifen or to arife for the half* year, ending at the feaft of the annunciation of the blefled Virgin Mary which (hall be in the year of our Lord one rhoufand (even hundred and twenty four, or for any time preceding the fame feaft-day, (fuch other payments exdufive or the principal monies payable on the faid exchequer-bills, as have been directed to be made at or before the fame fead-day by authority of parliament, out of the faid furplufles, exceffes and ovenjlus monies, always excepted and foreprized) there (hall be iflued and paid, on or before the faid feaft-day of the annunciation of the blefled Virgin Marj one thoufand feven hundred and' twenty four, the fum ot two hundred thirty feven thoufand *17,8071. 18s. eight nundred and feven pounds eighteen (hillings and four pence, *d. applied to to the faid calhier of the governor and company of the bank of the redempti- England, now or for the time being, by way of impreft and Ses°&cmiUI" uPon account, together with fo much more monies, as on the *	’	faid	laft mentioned feaft-day (hall be due and in arrear for the

faid feveral and refpedlive annuities, or any of them, to be by him applied and paid over for difchaiging the faid feveral remaining capital fums of two hundred and three thoufand eight hundred twenty four pounds five (hillings, thirty one thoufand four hundred feventy three pounds thirteen (hillings and four pence, and two thoufand five hundred and ten pounds, and for redeeming the faid feveral and refpeCtive annuities attending thereon, and for difeharging all arrears thereof; and that the faid commilfioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, do caufe the fame to be iflued and paid to the faid cafhier accordingly, without any further or other warrant or authority to be fufed for, had or obtained ifi that behalf5 any former law or ftatute whatfoever to the contrary notwithftandmg 5 and the faid cafhicr of the faid governor and company of tne bank of England is hereby ftriCtly enjoined and required to apply and pay over the monies, which (hall be fo iflued to him as aforefaid, to fuch perfon and perfons, body and bodies politick and

corporate.

129

17*3-1	Aflnd	decirtio	GfcoRGn	I.	c.5.

corporate, a$ at the time of his receipt of the fame (hall be en~' titled to the faid feveral and refpeftive annuities now to be redeemed, according to fuch interefts as they refpe&ively (hall then have thereon.

II.	And be it further enaltcd by the authority aforefaid. That out of fuch monies as are or (hall be in the receipt of the exchequer, of the faid furplufles, excefles or overplus monies, arifen or to arife for the half-year, ending at the feaft-day of^ppHcatjonof the annunciation of the blefled Virgin Mary which (hall be in monies for the year of our Lord one thoufand (even hundred and twenty payment of four, or for any time preceding the fame feaft-day, (except asSitonor-before is excepted) there (hall be ifliied and paid, on or before $tn for blank the fame feaft-day, to the paymafter or paymafters of the faid lottery tickets, orders for blank lottery-tickets for the time being, fomuch&c*

more money as, together with the monies, which (hall then be in the receipt of exchequer, applicable to the difcharge of the principal and intereft due on the fame orders, (hall be fufficient to fatisfy and pay off all the principal and intereft which on the fame feaft-day (hall be due or in arrear on the fame orders, by way of impreft, and upon account, to be by him applied ana paid over for difcharging all the faid principal and intereft: and that the faid commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, do caufe the fame to be iffued and paid to fuch paymafter or paymafters accordingly, without any further or other warrant or authority to be fued for, had or obtained in that behalf; any former law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding. And the y faid paymafter or paymafters is and are hereby ftri&Ty enjoined and required to apply and pay over the monies which (halt be fo ifliied to him or them as aforefaid, to fuch perfon or per-fons, body or bodies politick and corporate, as (hall be entitled to the faid blank lottery-orders, and the principal and intereft payable thereon, accoraing to fuch interefts as they (hall have relpedtively therein.

III.	Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority afore- staking fend (aid, That from and after fuch ifliies and payments to the faid applied, cafhier and paymafter or paymafters refpe&ively (hall be made,

as herein before is directed, and fubjedt thereto, all the reft and refidue of monies, arifen or to arife by or out of the faid furplufles, excefles or overplus monies, commonly called the (inb» ing fond, (hall go, continue, remain, and be iflued and applied, to and for the fame ufes, intents and purpofes, and in the fame manner and form as they were directed, applied or appropriated to by any former adt or adts of parliament, and none other; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enacted by the

authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for	***•

the commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three. or^^J^g more of them, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, K00d thclofe

Vol XV.	K	out6

.

which hap- j pened in the' treafury by the redu£tion! of guinea*,&c. l

Relief granted to Catharine Coilingwood, widow, dec.

Anno decimo Georgii I. c. 6.	[1723.

>ut of any monies arifen or to arife into the receipt of his Ma-edy’s exchequer, of or for the faid furplufles, exccfles or overplus monies commonly called the (inking; fund, to allow to the tellers of his Majedy’s exchequer any mm or fums of money, not exceeding the fum of fifteen thoufand one hundred forty four pounds nineteen (hillings, to fatisfy and make good the lols and deficiency which happened in the treafurc remaining in the offices of the four tellers of the receipt of his Majcfty’s exchequer, by .the reduction of guineas from one and twenty (hillings and fix-pence to one and twenty, (hillings; any thing in this or any former ad or ads of parliament to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

V.	And whereas all the real and perfonal edate of Georgl Col~ lingwood, attainted of high treafon, was by one or more ad or ads of parliament veiled in trudees, to be fold for the ufe of the publick, and by the fale thereof, and the rents and profits received before the fame was fold, the fum of eighteen thoufand one hundred pounds hath been raifed, and the greatefl part thereof hath been fincc paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer : and whereas Catharine, widow and relid of the faid George Coilingwood, having for thefe eight years lad pad been deditutc of all necedary fubfidence, has contraded confiderable debts for the fupport and maintenance of herfelf and her family ; now in companion to the deplorable condition of the faid Catharine Coilingwood and her family, we your Majedy’s faid dutiful and loyal fubjeds, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, do humbly pray, that it may be enad-ed, and be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the full fum of (ix thoufand pounds, out of the money arifen or to arife at the exchequer from the (ale or produce of all, every, or any the edates forfeited for treafon in the late rebellion, which edates, by one or more ad or ads were veded in trudees, to be fold for the ufe of the publick, (hall and may be taken, i(fued and applied, for and towards the future fupport and maintenance of the faid Catharine Coilingwood and her family, and for the payment of her debts, without account, impreft, or other charge, to be fet upon her for the fame, or any part thereof; and the commiffioners of his Majedy’s treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, are hereby authorized, impowered and direded, to caufe the faid fum of fix thoufand pounds, and every or any part thereof, to be ifliied and paid to the faid Catharine Coilingwood or her afligns accordingly, without any fee, or abatement for fees or charges, or other dedu&ion or abatement whatfoever; any former law or ftatute to the contrary notwithdanding.

CAP. VI.

An ad for enlarging the term granted by an ad patted in the third year of hi* Majefty's reign, intituled. An a3 for repairing the highways, from* that part of Counters bridge which lies in the parijb of Kenfington in the eomtiy of Middlefex, to the'powder-mills in the road to Staines, and to

Ciwfinl

1723O	Anno decimo GeoMgii I. c. 7;	*3*

Cranford Bridge in the /aid county in the road to Colnebrooke $ and for making the (aid aft more effeftual.

This aft 3 Geo. i. for repairing the highways from Counter's Bridge, Sec. which commenced from the firft of July one thoufahd feven hundred and feventeen, and was to continue in force for the term of eleven yeafs, and alfo the tolls thereby granted, are further continued for feventeen years.

Further continued by ix Geo. 2. c. 6.

CAP. VII.

An aft for making more effeftual an aft made in the ninth year of bis Majeftfs reign, intituled, An aft for completing the repairs of the harbour of Dover in the county of Kent•, and for reftoring the harbour of Rye in the county of Suffex, to its ancient goodnefs, fo fair as the fame relates to the harbour of Rye.

WHEREAS it has been judged neceffary that the harbour of Rye in the county of Suflex Jbould be preferved for the benefit of trade and navigation: and whereas an aft pajfed in the ninth Gcq f year of his Majejly's reign, intituled. An aft for completing the * repairs of the harbour of Dover in the county of Kent, and for reftoring the harbour of Rye in the county of Stiffen, to its ancient goodnefs, by which aft a duty of three pence per tun upon flipping, granted and continued by former afts therein mentioned for the repair of Dover harbour, was granted or continued for a further term therein mentioned, as well for completing the repairs of the faii harbour of Dover, as for reftoring the laid harbmr of\Rye to its ancient goodnefs, which was then propoftd and intended to be done by letting the tide have free ccurfe through certain /luces near the faid harbour of Rye called Scotch Flat and Craven aluces, in the the prefent channels, to the drowned lands between $lackwall and Matham in the faid counties of Kent and Suflex, or into fuch ether cut or channel, as Jljall be found mojl proper and expedient to reftore the faid harbour of Rye : and whereas fince the paffing ef the faid aft it is found, that the faid harbmt of Rye may be made mote ufeful and commodious by opening and making ,a new cut or channel from the Winchelfea channel, right out to the fea, which will be of greater ufe and benefit to the trade and navigation ef this kingdom, than if the method propofed by the faid recited aft Jbould be purfued; but as it is doubted whether the powers given by the faid recited aft do extend to the making any new cut or channel elfewhere than in the places therein mentioned, and k-is ne-uffary to explain and amend the faid aft: may it therefore pleade your mod excellent Majefty, that it may be enafted, £sV.

The powers in the aft 9 Geo. i. for repairing Rye harbour, transferred . to tne perfons herein named, who are to do all works neceflary for the purpofes of the aft. Two thirds of the duty 9 Geo. 1. to be applied to the ules of this aft. Firft meeting Of truftees to be on 11 May 1714. at Jlye. Powers in the aft 9 Geo. 1. to be in force. Truftees may ereft bridges, locks, &c. giving fatisfaftion to the land-owners. Damage by .

• umiowiftg to be fatufied out of the duties. If parties cannot agree, a Continued by

Kt	jury	tiGeo;	2. c. 7. ,

132	Anno	decimo GeoiIgii I. c. 8,9* 10.	[1721*

jury to be impanelled, &c. The channel wall from the new cut (hall be - heightened and repaired, as the commiflioners of fewer* (ball direft. If the commiflioners of fewer* (hall judge it unfafe to let the Tea have its free courfe up the new channel, the truftees (hall make a navigable fluicc at fuch place, as the commiflioners (hall judge fit.. The duties not liable to make good any damage through the default of the commiflioners of fewers. The fea (hall not be let into the new cut, dll all the works be perfected. If the commiflioners of fewers judge proprietors damaged, and by their expenditors give notice to the truftees, they (hall remove the dams, &c. Truftees neglefting, expend itor may iraploy perfons. Owners of the levels, when obltrufted, may few out their waters through Rye or Winchelfea, or any other cut. The proprietors ofGuldeford Level, & when obftrufted, may make new cuts to carry off their waters into the channel. Truftees may deft others iii room of truftees dying or refufing to aft.

CAP. VIII.

An aft for reviving an aft pafled in the tenth year of her late Majefty's reign, intituled. An a8 to make a caufey over the Denes from Great Tar-mouth to Catfter in the county of Norfolk j and for making the faid aft more effeftual.

Raft and Weft Flegg to pay % d. in the pound rent for two years and a half. Great Yarmouth the like fum\ to be paid by the tenants : and one half-part to be dedufted out of the rents. Commiflioners appointed. Commmiflioners to appoint afleflors and colleftors. Collectors to pay the monies to the chamberlains of Great Yarmouth. That part of the caufey from Yarmouth to Caifter Lane's end, &c. veiled in the mayor, &c. who are to appoint furveyors. Surveyors may dig gravel. See* out of the wafte, or other grounds, making fatisfaftion for damages.

CAP. IX.

An aft for repairing and amending the highways from the north part of Harlow-bufti common, in the parilh of Harlow, to Woodford in the county of ElTex.

The toll granted by this aft took place from *7 of Feb. 17x3, for 21 years. Continued by 16 £eo. i. c. 19.

CAP. X.

An a£l for repealing certain duties therein mentioned, payabls upon coffee, tea, cocoa nuts, chocolate and cocoa pafte importedv and for granting certain inland duties in lieu thereof; and for prohibiting the importation of chocolate ready made., and cocoa pafte; and for better afeertaining the duties payable upon coffee, tea, and cocoa nuts imported ; and for granting relief to Robert Dalzell, late earl' of Carnwath.

_ . . . TV/T AY it pltafe your moft excellent Majejly, whereas by an a3 of granting fe- ’A parliament made in the fixth year of the reign of his late ma-veral addi- jejly King William (of glorious memory) intituled. An ad for grant-tional duties ing to his Majefty fevcral additional duties upon coffee, tea, *°r	chocolate and f'pices, towards fatisfadion of the debts due for

thenTperpetu- tranfport fervicc for the redudion of Ireland, feveral additional al, but fubjeft and other duties and impofitions herein after mentioned were granted torcden\ption. to his Majejly for and upon coffee, totsa nuts, chocolate, cocoa fajie

and

.1723*] Anno dccimo Georgii I. c. 10.	133

and tea9 which flmli he imported into the kingdom of England, do-6 he 7 W. 3. minion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, at any time0'7* after the firfi day of May in'the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred ana ninety five, and before the fecond day of May in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred and ninety eight, over and above all duties before that time payable for the fame at the cuftom-houfe; that is to Jay, for every hundred weight of coffee imported as aforefaidy accounting one hundred and twelve pounds to the hundred\ fifty fix JbiUings of lawful Englifh money: for every hundred weight of cocoa nuts imported, and containing as aforefaid, from any the plantations belonging to the crown of England, fifty fix )hillings : for every hundred weight of cocoa nuts tmportedy and containing as a-forefaidy from any other country or place from whence they may by law be tmportedy four pounds and four /hillings of like lawful Englifh money: for every pound of chocolate ready madiy imported as afore-faidy one /billing: for every pound of cocoa pafte imported as afore-faidy two /hillings: for every pound of tea regularly imported as a-forejfaidy from whence the fame might have been lawfully imported before the making that ably one /billing: for every pound of tea imported as aforejaidy from Holland or any other country9 not the place cf its growth or ufual Jhippingy two /hillings and fix pence per pound weight y and fo proportionabfy for any greater or le/fer quantity of any of the commodities imported as aforefaidy refpeftively.	And

whereas by an aft of parliament made in the third year of the reign of her late majefiy Queen Anne, intituledy An a& for continuing 3*4 Ann. 0-4* duties upon low wines, and upon coffee, tea, chocolate, fpices and pictures, and upon hawkers, ]>edlars and petty chapmen, and upon muflins; and for granting new duties upon .feveral of the raid commodities, and alfo upon callicoes, china ware and drugs, feveral new and additional rates and fiums of money herein after mentioned were granted to her /aid Majefiy, her heirs and fucce/forsy for and upon all and all manner of coffeey cocoa nuts% cho-colatCy cocoa pafie and tea9 which Jhould be imported into the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, and town <?/Berwick upon Tweed, at any time or times after the firfi day of February one thoufand /even hundred and foury and before the twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ten, over and above all duties and additional duties before that time payable for the fame, or any of tbemy by any other law then in forcey and over and above the duties herein before-mentionedy the new and additional rates and fums of money following ; that is to fay, for every hundred weight of coffee imported as aforefaidy accounting one hundred and twelve pounds to the hundredy fifty fix /billings of lawful Englilh money: for every hundred weight of cocoa nuts imported, and containing as aforefaidy from any the plantations belonging to the crown of England, fifty fix Jhillings: for every hundred weight of cocoa nuts importedand containing as aforefaid, from any other country or place from whence they may by law be imported, four pounds and four Jhillings of like lawful Englilh money: for every pound of chocolate ready made and imported as aforefaidy one /hilling: for every pound of cocoa pafie imparted as af((refaid, two /billings: for every pound of tea regularly

K 3	imported

134	Ann©	dedmo Georgii I. C.ift. [1723,

imported as oforejaid, from whence the fame might lawfully have been imported before the making of the faid aft of the fixtb* year of bis faid late Majejlfs reign, one flitting; for every pound of tea imported as aforefaid from Holland or any other* country, not the place of its growth or ujual flipping, two flillings and fin pence 5 and fo proportlonably for any greater or lejfer quantity of any the commoai-1 tics imported as aforefaid, refpeftively: which faid feveral rates and duties herein before particularly mentioned were, by feveral afts of parliament, continued and made payable to her faid Majefty, her heirs and fuccejfors, to the twenty fourth day of June one thou-fond feven hundred andfourteen. And whereas by an aft of parliament made in the feventh year of the reign of her faid late majefty 7 Ann-c* 7* Queen Anne, intituled, An alt for enlarging the capital (lock of the bank of England, and for railing a further fupply to her Maiefty for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and nine, all the faid feveral rates and duties upon coffee, cocoa nuts, chocolate, cocoa pafte and tea, herein before particularly mentioned, which flould be imported or brought into Great Britain from and after the twenty third day of June one thoufand feven hundred and fourteen> flould be paid and payable to her find Majefty, her heirs and fuccejfors for ever, for the purpofes in the faid laft mentioned aft expreffed, fubjeft neverthelefs to the provifo or condition of redemption in the fame aft contained relating thereto. And whereas by an aft made in the tenth year of the reign of her faid late mqjejiy Queen Ann. c. 16. Anne, amongjl other things for hying additional duties uponhides feA. 3*. *	and Jkins9 vtllom and parchment,	and new duties on ftarch, coffee,

tea, drugs, gilt and filver wire, feveral new rates and duties upon all coffee and tea, which Jbould be imported or brought into Great Britain, at any time or times within or during the term of thirty two years, so be reckoned from the feventeenth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twelve, over and above all other cuftoms, fub-ftdies and duties impofed upon or payable for the fame; that is to fay, for all coffee imported as aforefaid, twelve pence for every pound weight averdupois, and proportionably for a greater or lejfer quantity : for all kinds of tea imported from any place or places within the limits of the charter granted to the Eaft-India company, two flillings for every fuch pound weight; and for all kinds of tea imported from any other place or places, five flillings for every fuch pound weighty jCJeo. 1. c. 7. and proportionably for greater or lejfer quantities of tea, And whereas by an aft made in the third year of your Majejlfs reign, amongjl other things,for redeeming the duties and revenues which were fettled to pay offprincipal ami interefl on the orders made forth on Jour lottery-aft s pajfed in the ninth ana tenth years of her find late Majejlfs reign, the faid lajl mentioned rates and duties upon coffee and tea are continued and made payable to your Majefiy, your heirs and fuccejfors for ever, for the purpofes in the fame aft preferibed and direfted, fubjeft to fuch provifoes and powers of redemption, as are in and by the fame aft contained and preferibed rf and concerning the fame, as by the faid j 'everal afts, relation being had to them refpeftive-Keafoot for more at large may appear. And whereas the duties now fub-alffukaulthe u$*n (0ffu> Ua9 (0€0a mUo folate and cocoa pafte are or

2	mqy	k

1723O	. Anno decimo Georgii I. c. io.	135

may be very much kjfened, not only by the elaniejline importation duty, and thereof from parts beyond the fcas, but alfo by the fraudulent re~ *jn5 in~ landing of the fame after the fame have been exported from this thereof" kingdom for foreign partly and the duties thereupon drawn back, without paying any duties for the fame% contrary to the true intent and meaning of the fevered alls relating to the faid duties, and to the ruin of the fair traders in the faid commodities; for remedy whereof, and for the more effedtual fecuring a revenue to your Majedy, to arife by the faid coffee, tea, cocoa nuts, chocolate ana cocoa pade, we your Majefty’s mod dutiful and loyal fub-jedts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, do mod humbly befeech your Majedy, that it may be enadted; and be it enadted by the King’s mod excellent majedy, by and with the advice ana confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the twenty From the *41(1 fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty °f four the feveral duties upon coffee and tea granted (by the faid adt of parliament made in the fixth year of the reign of his faid Hc» to ceafe, * late majedy King William the Third, and by the faid adt of&c. parliament made in the third year of the reign of her faid late6 W*}' c*7*# majedy Queen Anne> and by the (aid adt of parliament made in the tenth year of the reign of her faid late majedy Queen Anne)10 for feveral terms of years in the faid refpedtive adts mentioned, and which have been fince continued by feveral adts of parliament and made perpetual (fubjedt to redemption by parliament as aforefaid;) and the feveral duties upon cocoa nuts, granted $ W. j. c. 7. (by the faid adt of the fixth year of the reign of his laid late majedy King William, and by the faid adt of the third year of the reign of, her faid late majedy Queen Anne) for feveral terms of years in me fame refpedtive adts mentioned, and which have been fince continued by feveral adts of parliament and made perpetual (fubjedt to redemption by parliament as aforelaidj (hall ceafe, determine and be no longer paid or payable; any thing in the before-mentioned adts to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithdanding.

II.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. After *4. June That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June> one 1724., no cho-thoufand feven hundred and twenty four no chocolate ready colate ready made or cocoa pade (hall be imported or brought into Great “jjjf Britain from any part or parts beyond the feas, upon pain of pmted,on pain forfeiting all fuch chocolate ready made and cocoa pade, which of being (or-(hall be fo brought in contrary to the true intent and meaning fated.

of this adt, together with double the value thereof, and the bags, cafks, boxes and other package wherein the fame (hall be contained.

III.	And to the intent that no failure or deficiency may accrue After *4 June

or happen in the refpedtive funds to which the duties upon 1724* new m-coffee, tea, cocoa nuts, chocolate and cocoa pade, by this adt	on

determined, were appropriated and applicable, by the deter-^dandiiwS initiation of the aforefaid duties, and by the prohibition of the^Q^^ .

K 4	im-

136 nude and (old in Great Britain.

On coffee, a s. per pound.

5 Geo. a. C.X4.

Upon tea, 4 •. pcrpoqnd. JnnuJuty if Uud9 mfitad §f this% by x S Geo. x. c. 26.

Upon chocolate, 1 s. 6 d. per pound.

The King or freafury to appoint commil-jioners fbrthefe inland duties.

.Such commif-Jioncp to appoint ofticei s.

The money arifmg by the faid inland duties (deducing the

Anno dccimo Qeorgii L q. io.	[17ag.

importation of chocolate rpady made and cocoa pafte; be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty four, in lieu thereof, the refpeCtive inland duties herein after mentioned, be by this aCt charged and impofed upon all coffee and tea from thenceforth to be fold in Great Britain, and upon all chocolate from thenceforth to be made or fold in Gnat Britain, to be paid in manner herein after mentioned ; that is to fay,

IV.	Upon all coffee fo to-be fold in Gnat Britain, a duty after the rate of two fallings per pound weight averdupois, and in that proportion for a greater or lefler quantity, over an<l above all cuftpms, fubfidies and duties, which (ball then remain payable to his Majefty for the fame upon the importation thereof:

V.	Upon all tea fo to be fold in Great Britain, a duty after the rate of four (hillings per pound weight averdupois, and in that proportion for a greater or lefler quantity, over and above all cuftoms, fubfidies and duties, which (halfthen remain payable to his Majefty for the fame upon the importation thereof.

VI.	And upon all chocolate fo to be made or fold in Great Britain, a duty after the rate of one (hilling and fix pence per pound weight averdupois,, and in that proportion for a greater or lefler quantity, to be paid by the refpeCtive makers or fellers thereof.

VII.	And for the better afeertaining, charging, collecting, levying, railing and fecuring the feveral rates and duties by this aCt impofed upon all coffee and tea, which (hall be fold to he confumed in Great Britain, and upon all chocolate which (hall be made or fold in Great Britain from and after the faic) twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred,*, and twenty four, and for preventing frauds concerning the lame; be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That fuch commiffion-ers or perfons as his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, or any three or more of the commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or the high treafurer of Great Britain for the time being, (hall from time to time, by one or qtorp commiflion or commiflions for that purpofc appoint, (hall be his Majefty’s commiflioners for the receipt and management of the raid inland duties by this aCt fet and impofed upon coffee, tea and chocolate as aforefaid within Great Britain; which faid laft mentioned commif-floners, or the major part of them refpeCtively, (hall and have hereby power, by commiflion or commiflions under their refpeCtive hands and feals, to fubftitute and appoint under theqi fuch receivers general, collectors, comptrollers, furveyors and other officers, as (hall be requifite and neceflary for the pur-pofes aforefaid; and that the faid commiflioners apd officers fo to be appointed for the faid inland duties upon coffee, tea and chocolate hereby granted, (hall have out of the fame fuch fa-laries and rewards for their refpeCtive fervices in relation to

' the

1723.] Anno dedmo Georgii I. c. 10,'	137

the fame duties, as the faid commiffioners of the treafury, or durges) to be any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time P*"?™*®*** being, (hail from time to time think reafonable to eftahlifh or excneVer* allow in that behalf; and that the refpe&ive commiffioners for the faid inland duties hereby impofed upon coffee, tea and chocolate, (hall from time to time caufe all the monies to arife by or for the fame duties (the neceffary charges of railing, levying and accounting for the fame excepted) to be paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer diftindtly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues, for the purpofes in this a& exprefled, under the like penalties, forfeitures and disabilities, as are herein after inflated for diverting or mifepplying any money by this ad appropriated.

VIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Theyawen, That all and every the powers, authorities, diredions, rules, &c. in the exmethods, penalties, forfeitures, chutes, matters and things, “*^*?®^* which in and by an ad made in the twelfth year of the reign /of King Charles the Second, intituled. An aft for taking away tioncftbi**#, the court ef wards and liveries, and tenures in capite and by inights-feruice, and purveyance, andfar Jettling a revenue uponbis Majefty in lieu thereof, or by any other law now in force relating to his Majefty’s revenue'of excife upon beer, ale or other liquors, are provided, fettled or eftablifned for managing, raffing, levying, colleding, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging or afeer-taining the duties thereby granted, or any of them, (other than in fuch cafes, for which other penalties or provisions are preferibed by this ad) fhall be exercifed, pradifed, applied,

-ufed and put in execution, in and for the managing, raffing, levying, colleding, mitigating, adjudging, afeertaining, recovering and paying the inland duties upon coffee, tea and chocolate hereby granted, during the continuance of this ad, as fully and effedually to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every the faid powers, authorities, rules, diredions, methods, penalties, forfeitures, daufes, matters and things were particularly repeated and again enaded in the body of this prefent ad.

IX. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. On or before That on or before the faid twenty fourth day of June one thou- *♦ Jun* *7*4» fend feven hundred and twenty four all and every druggift, gro-cer, chandler, coffeehoufe-keeper, chocolatehoufe-keeper, and fnt£r at the all and every other perfon or perfons, bodies politick and cor- next office for porate, who fhall then be a feller of or a dealer in coffee, tea or thefc duties, cocoa nuts, or any or either of them, or fhall be a maker or	j

feller of chocolate, either by wholefele or retail, fhall make a for true and particular entry in writing of all warehoufes, (lore- coffee,JccTand houfes, rooms, (hops, cellars, vaults and other places by him, a,l coffee* tee. her or them refpedively made ufe of for the keeping of coffee, tea,	t._

cocoa nut$ qr chocolate, or making of chocolate, at the office jng too j, ft*-to be appointed for the faid inland duties hereby fet and im- every place pofed, within the compafs or limits whereof fuch refpedlivenot *> eetred, yrarehoufes, Itoreboqfes, rooms, (hops, cellars, vaults aiulM^,“Jj*.

other

I$s

Anno dtfcimo GeokOir I. c. xo. tl723>

other places fhall be fituated 5 and alfo of all coffee, tea, cocoa nuts ami chocolate, which at the time of making fuch refpe&ive entries fhall be in fuch warehouses, ftorehoufes, rooms, (hops, cellars, vaults and other places, and every of them refpedive-ly, upon pain of forfeiting the Turn of two hundred pounds for every fuch warehoufe, ftorehoufe, room, fhop, cellar, vault or other place which, from and after the laid twenty fourth day of Time one thoufand feven hundred and twenty four, (hail be io made ufe of by any fuch druggift, grocer, chandler, coffee-houfe-keeper, chocolatehoufe-keeper, or any other perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate refpeftively, without making (uch entry thereof as aforefaid, together with the coffee, tea, cocoa nuts and chocolate, which fhall be found therein, and alfo the canifters, bags, jars, tubs, boxes, calks and other veflels or package whatfoever containing the fame.

A9 *to» after X. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, <M°beeome* That all and every druggift, grocer, chandler, coffeehoufe-fellenof or keeper, chocolatehoufe-keeper, and all and every other perfon dealers in cof- or perfons, bodies politick and corporate whatfoever, who, af-ter the faid twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hun-enties under ^md ani* *wenty *our» Shall become a feller or fellers, dealer or like	dealers in coffee, tea, cocoa nuts or chocolate, either by whole*

fale or retail, or maker of chocolate, fhall, before he, fhe or they fhall take any fuch coffee, tea, cocoa nuts or chocolate Into his, her or their cullody or poffeflion, make the like particular entry in writing of the feVfcral and refpeAive warehoufes, ftorehoufes, rooms, mops, cellars, vaults and' other places intended by him, her or tnem refpCCtively to be made ufe of for the keeptng of coffee, tea, cocoa nuts or chocolate, or for the •eel. for eve- making of chocolate, on pain of forfeiting the fum of two hun-ry fuch place dred pounds for every fuch warehoufe, ftorehoufe, room, fhop, no* & ‘ntred. cellar, vault or other place fo made ufe of by fuch laft men-and coftee, &c. tjonKj druggjft} grocer, chandler, coffeehouw-keeper, chocolatehoufe-keeper, or any other perfon or perfons, body politick or corporate rfefpedtively, without making fuch entry as aforefaid ; and the coffee, tea, cocoa nuts and chocolate which fhall be found therein, and alfo the canifters, bags, jars, tubs, boxes, calks and other veflels or package whatfoever containing the lame. After** June	And	be	it further enacted by the authority aforefaid,

17*4, do cof- That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June one foe, 8k. to be thoufand feven hundred and twenty four no coffee, tea, cocoa beoughtimto nuts or chocolate fhall be brought into any fuch before-menace* without t*one<* warehoufe, ftorehoufe, room, fhop, cellar, vault or other notice and place made ufe of by fuch druggift, grocer, chandler, coffee-certificate, 00 houfe-keeper, chocolatehoufe-keeper, or fuch other perfon or forfeiture perfons, body politick or corporate, without his, her or their tkttttokva- giving notice thereof to the officer for the faid inland duties pT_	*	hereby fet and impofed, of the divifion or place in which fuch

warehoufe, ftorehoufe, room, fhop, cellar, vault or other place In which fuch coffee, tea, cocoa nuts or chocolate are intended to be lodged, and producing to the faid officer and leaving with him an authcntick certificate, figned by the officer for the faid

inland

.1723 ] Anno decimo GeoRGII I. c. to.	139

inland duties hereby fet and impofed, of the divifion from whence fuch coffee, tea, cocoa nuts or chocolate fhall be brought, that in cafe of coffee, tea or chocolate, the inland duties charged or chargeable by this adt upon the faid coffee, tea, </r chocolate fo intended to be brought in as aforefaid, have been adtually paid, or that the fame hath been condemned as forfeited, or was part of the (lock in hand of fome druggift, grocer, chandler, coffeehoufe-keeper or chocolatehoufe-keeper, or other perfon or perfons, body politick or corporate, felling or dealing in coffee, tea or chocolate, or making of chocolate, and in cafe of bringing in cocoa nuts, that the fame have been duly entred with the officer or officers of his Majefty’s cuftomi, or that they were condemned as forfeited, or were part of the flock in hand of fome druggift or other perfon felling or dealing therein, upon or before the faid twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty four, of which an account of fuch coffee, tea, cocoa nuts and chocolate had been taken on or before the faid twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty four, and expreffing the quantity and quality thereof, and at what place the faid inland duties were fo paid for the faid coffee, tea or chocolate, or at what port or place the cufloms and duties were fo paid for fuch cocoa nuts, or the faid coffee, tea, cocoa nuts or chocolate were condemned, or of whofe flock in hand the fame was part, on pain of forfeiting the coffee, tea, cocoa nuts or chocolate fo brought in without fuch notice and certificate as aforefaid, and treble the value thereof, together with the canifters, bass, j*rs, tubs, boxes, calks and other veffel* or package whatsoever containing the fame.

XII.	And be it further enabled by the authority afonfaid, officers in the That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June 6ne day-time may thoufand feven hundred and twenty four it fhall and may be enterall ware-lawful for the officers for the faid inland duties hereby fet or	keep-

hnpofed, or any of them, from time to time and at all times jng caSkef&c. by day, to enter into all and every the warehoufes, ftorehoufes, and take ac-rooms, fhops, cellars, vaults and other places made ufe of for counts, keeping or making any coffee, tea, cocoa nuts or chocolate by any druggift, grocer, chandler, coffeehoufe-keeper* chocolatehoufe-keeper, or other perfon or perfons, body politick or cor-

(>orate, felling or dealing in coffee, tea, cocoa nuts or chnco-ate, by wholefale or retail, or making chocolate, and by weigh-ing, gating or otherwife to take an account of the quantity and forts of the faid commodities, which (hall at any time be in their or any of their cuftody, in the weighing whereof the owners of any of the bid commodities, or fome on their behalf, 2""™^ fhall be aiding and affifting to the faid officers, and keep fuffici- affift officers m ent juft weights and feales to be made ufe of by the faid officers weighing, and for that purpofe; and if any fuch druggift, grocer, chandler, t? ^c*jP K®-coffeehoufe-kccper, chocolatehoufe-keeper, or other perfon or perfons, body politick or corporate, felling or dealing in coffee, an w<,fi tea, cocoa nuts or chocolate, by wholefale or retail, or making pbocolate, (hall hinder or refofe the faid officers, or any of them

to

140	Anno	decimo	Gboroxi	I. c. io.' [1723;

For hindring, to enter into fuch his, her or their warehoufes, ftorehoufes, rooms, (hops, cellars, vaults or other places, or to take fuch account, for6 account as aforefaid, or (hall neglelt to keep fuffident juft not keeping weights and fcales to be made ufe of by the faid officers for the (ufficient purpofes aforefaid, or (hall keep any falfe weights or fcales, or kee?’ if°r negleft or refufe to affift the faid officers in the weighing weight?, for6 as aforeiaid, or (hall lot, hinder or obftruft any of the faid oflU not afllfting cers in the execution of the powers and authorities given to him officer in or them by this a<ft, the perfon or perfons offending therein (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of one .hundred pounds.

XIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe any officer or officers for the On fufpidon faid duties by this adt granted (hall have caufe to fufpeft that ^concealing, coffce> tea, chocolate or cocoa nuts (hall be fradulently hid

weighing or for ninaring him therein, penalty 100I,

or concealed in any place whatfoever, either entred for the keeping of the fame as aforefaid, or not entred, with an intent to defraud his Majefty of his duties thereon, then and in fuch cafe, if fuch place (hall be within the cities of London or tVeJlminfter, or within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, upon oath made by fuch officer or officers before the commiflionors for the duties by this aft granted, or any two or more of them, or in cafe the fame (hall be in any other part of Gnat Britain, upon

and on oath before com-miffioners or a •juftice of peace, they

refpeftively oath made bv fuch officer or officers before one or more juftice ^ i",Pow.cr or juftices ot the peace of the county, riding, divifion or place Se day-time” W^CTC °fficer or officers (hall fufpeft the fame to be fo hid with or with- or concealed, fetting forth the ground of fuch his or their fufpi-out, and in the cion, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commifli-mght-time oners for the faid duties, or juftice or juftices of the peace re-bleVto tmer*	before	whom fuch affidavit or affidavits (hall be made,

all Vufpedted if he or they (hall judge it reafonable, by (pecial warrant or war-places, and to ants under his or their refpective hands and feals, to authorize Xa*evan<* *mP?wer officer or officers by day or by night, but if l:c.aconcealed. *n t*le night-time, then in the prefence of a conftable or otfier * lawful officer of the peace, to enter into all and every fuch place or places where he or they (hall fo fufpedt fuch coffee, tea, chocolate or cocoa nuts (hall be fo fraudulently hid or concealed, and feize and carry away all fuch coffee, tea, chocolate and cocoa nuts which he or they (hall then and there find fo fraudulently hid and concealed, as forfeited for his Majefty’s ufe, together with all and every the bags, canifters, boxes, cafks and other package or things wherein the fame, (hall be contained ; and if any perfon or perfons whatfoever lhall let, obftrudt or hinder any of the officers for the faid duties by this adfc granted from entring fuch places, where he or they (hall fufpedt fuch coffee, tea, chocolate or cocoa nuts (hall be fo fradulently hid or concealed as aforefaid, or in feizing and carrying away fuch coffee, tea, chocolate and cocoa nuts which (nail be fo hid or concealed, together with the bags, canifters, boxes, cafks or other package or things where the fame (hall be contained, the perfon pr perfons offending therein (hall, for every fuch of-6	fence.

Kvcry perfon obitruaing. Sec. officer, $c. therein, forfeits xool.

14*

1723.] Anno decimo GeoRGH I. C.'io.

fence, forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds* to be recovered as aforefaid.

XIV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. No coffee, That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June oneto** *°ld thoufand feven hundred and twenty four no coffee, tea, cocoa

nuts or chocolate (hall be fold, uttered or exoofed to fale, either places entred. by wholefale or retail, but when the fame (hall be in fome or . one of the faid warehoufes, ftorehoufes, rooms, (hops, cellars, vaults or other places fo entred as aforefaid, or in fome or one of the warehoufes to be approved of by the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms for the keeping of coffee, tea and cocoa nuts, in pursuance of this ad, upon pain of forfeiting all fuch coffee, tea, cocoa nuts and chocolate which (hall be fo fold, uttered or expofed to fale, when the fame fhall be in any other place 0n pain offeror places than thofe entered or approved as aforefaid, and treble toting all fuch the value thereof, together with the canifters, bags, jars, tubs, coffee.and the boxes, calks and other veflels or package whatfoever containingtrcblc v"uc" the fame.

XV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Forcoffec That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June one exceeding’ the thoufand feven hundred and twenty four, where any juch cof- weight m fix fee, tea, cocoa nuts or chocolate fhall be fold in any of the faid pounds tod in entred places in any quantity above the weight of fix pounds,

the officer or officers for the inland duties hereby fet and im- to give a cer-pofed, of the refpedtive divifions or places where the fame fhall tificate. be fo fold, fhall be obliged, and are hereby required from time to time, upon requeft of the feller or fellers thereof, without fee or reward, to give to the refpedtive buyer or buyers thereof certificates in writing, figned by the refpedtive officer or officers, expreffing the quantities fo fold, and the name'and names of the refpediive buyers and fellers thereof; and that the duties by this all granted on fuch coffee, tea or chocolate fo fold, have been paid, or that fuch cocoa nuts have been duly entred with the officer or officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms, or that the fame have been condemned as forfeited, or were part of fuch ftock in hand as aforefaid; which certificate fhall be left with the officer or officers for the faid duties of the refpedtive divifions, to which the fame is or are intended to be carried, to fatisfy the faid officers that no duties are to be anfwered for the lame, that the feizing thereof may be prevented.

XVI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, quantity That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June one exceeding the thoufand feven hundred and twenty four no coffee, tea, cocoa weight ot fix nuts or chocolate, exceeding the quantity of fix pounds weight,

fhall be removed or carried from any part of this kingdom, by fufh^rmit or land or by water, without a permit or certificate, figned by one certificate is or more of the officers for the faid inland duties hereby fet and forfeited, impofed. fignifying and certifying the names and places of a-bode of the buyer and feller, and expreffing the quantity and fpecies of the commodity fo permitted or certified for, and that his Majefty’s inland duties chargeable by this a & upon coffee.

muiu utuuiu vn*v/ivv.

teaand chocolate have been duly paid and fatisn^,

nuts have been duly entred as aforefaid, or that the lame_______

■ been condemned as forfeited, or were part of fuch flock in hand as aforefaid, upon pain of forfeiting the coffee, tea, cocoa nuts or chocolate which fhall be found carrying from one place to another without fuch permit or certificate, together with the caniftcrs, bags, jars, tubs, boxes, calks and other veffels or package whatfoever containing the fame; which permit or cer-fhetimetobe tificate fhall be left with the officer of the diviiion to which the limited by the fame (hall be carried, to prevent the feizure thereof; in which officer for fuch permits or certificates the officers, who grant the fame, fhall tifiaite to be" cxPrc®1 an<^ limit the time for which the lame fhall continue in in force. force.

Times forma- XVII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the feid twenty fourth day of June one thoufend feven hundred and twenty four all ana every perfon and perfons whatfoever, who fhall be a maker of chocolate, ot the refpedtive perfon or perfons for whofe ufe he, (he or they (hall make any chocolate, in cafe the feme be made in London or	or in any parts within the limits of the weekly

i*«ek,if bills of mortality, fhall weekly and every week, and in cafe the

thnsf^lT ®Mne ** ma<*c *n any ot^cr Part	®reat Britain, fhall once

bill*"*7	hi every fix weeks, make a true and particular entry in writing

£vory fix	at the next office for the feid inland duties hereby fet and im-

weeks,i£made pofed,of all chocolate which fhall be made by or for him, her or in other parts, witfiin fuch week or fix weeks refpcaively; which feid entries fhall contain the weight of all chocolate t>y or for him, 50I. for every her or them refpe&ively made within the time to which the fame negle&offuch refpe&ively relates, on pain of forfeiting for every negleCt of S*1?' t t cntry the him of fifty pounds ; which entry fhall be made upon beCupon oath! oath by the feid makers or proprietors respectively, or by his, her or their chief workman or fervant employed* therein, according to the bed of their knowledge and belief, unlefs fuch maker or proprietor, or their refjpeCtive workmen or fervants making fuch entry or entries as aforefaid, be a known quaker% in which cafe the folemn affirmation of fuch maker or proprietor, or his, her or their workman or fervant making fuch entry, (hall and may be taken inftead of fuch oath ; and the feid en-fiefore whom oat^s anc* affirmations to verify the feme fhall, for fuch fuch oaths chocolate as fhall be made within the limits of the weekly bills &aU be made, of mortality, be made with and adminiftred by fiidh officer or officers, as fhall be appointed by the refpeCtive commiflioners for the feid inland duties, or the major part of them for the time being, who fhall attend at the general office for that purpofe in London ox IVejlminfier (who have hereby power to adminilter the feme) and for all chocolate which fhall be made in other parts of Great Britain, with and by the collectors and fupervifors of the diftriCt or divifion within which the refpeCtive makers or proprietors fhall inhabit (who have hereby power to adminilter the feme) without any fee or charge whatsoever to be demanded or taken for the feme ; provided always, That no fuch maker

or

1723'] Anno decimo Georoii I. c. xo. ‘	143

or proprietor (hall be obliged to go or fend further than the For fuch en-market-town where fuch chocolate (hall be refpedtivcly made* *2.*° or the next market-town to the place where his, her or their cho- next colate (hall be refpedkively made, for the making of fuch entries town, as aforefaid.

XVIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Limitation of That all and every fuch maker or proprietor of fuch chocolate, for pay-in cafe the fame (hall be made in London or Wejlminjler%

within the limits of the faid weekly bills of mortality, (hall Eveiy weds within one week, and in cafe the fame (hall be made in any within the other part of Great Britain, (hall within fix weeks next after he, weekly Mils, (he or they (hall fo make or ought to have made fuch entry as aforefaid, pay and clear off all the (aid duties by this a & fet and parts, itppofed on fuch chocolate, which (hall be due from him, her or them refpeftively; and that all and every fuch makers and proprietors of chocolate, who (hall refufe or negledt to make 501. for every fuch payment as aforefaid, (hall forfeit and lofe for every fuch negledt of pay-offence the fum of fifty pounds, over and above the faid duty ln&" whereof the payment (hall be fo refufed or negledted ; and that no fuch maker or proprietor of fuch chocolate, after fuch default in payment of the duties as aforefaid, (hall fell, deliver, or carry out any chocolate, until he, (he or they have or hath paid and cleared off his, her or their duties as aforefaid, on pain of forfeiting treble the value of all fuch chocolate fo fold, delivered or carried out.

XIX.	And for the more effectual prevention of the unlawful importation of chocolate ready made from parts beyond the feas, and like-wife the clandtjline making thereof in Great Britain; be it further

enadted by the authority aforefaid. That all chocolate which, Atl chocolate from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven *° inclosed hundred and twenty four, (hall be made in Great Britain, (hall be packed up, and a (lamp or mark put upon the fame, in the lining one manner herein after mentioned: that is to fay, all fuch makers pound! or proprietors of chocolate which (hall be made in Great Britain,

(hall from time to time, and at the refpedlive times and places where they are by this adt diredted and required to make fuch entries of the chocolate by or for them refpe&ively made as a-forefaid, produce all the chocolate contained in fuch entry, or which ought to be contained in fuch entry, at the refpedtive offices where fuch entries are or ought to be made to the refpedlive officers, who in purfuance of this adt (hall be appointed for the receiving of fuch entries, which chocolate (hall be inclofed and tied up with thread in feveral papers, containing one pound weight of chocolate each, and not more or lefs, each of which papers to be tied up, thall by an officer to be appointed by the refpedlive commiffioners for the faid duties for that purpdfe, or duties to ap-the major part of them refpedlively, have fuch a mark, (lamp, point a itamp, impreffion or device affixed thereon, as (hall be by the faid re- and from time (jpedlive commiffioners, from time to time, devifed or appointed J® ume a tcr for that purpofe, which faid mark, (lamp, impreffion or device,

(hall or may be varied or altered, from time to time, in fuch

manner,

Chocolate found un-(tamped in

144	Anno	d£cim6	GftoRGif	I. c. to.	[1723,

manner, as the faid commiffioners (hall judge to be moft pro^ per for the purpofes aforefaid.

XX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid* . That all fuch chocolate, as (hall or ought to be entred upon or ftock°in hand ^orc the faid twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven to be brought hundred and twenty four, within the limits of the weekly bills to offices tope of mortality, (hall within fourteen days after the faid twenty rif’ fourth day of June one * thoufand feven hundred and twenty weekly bUlsinanc* fuch chocolate, as (hall or ought to be entred upon 14 days after or before the faid twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven *4 June 1^*4. hundred and twenty four, in any other part of Great Britain, Ckrolatein Quill within fix weeks next after the laid twenty fourth day of fix weeks/ m J*91* onc thoufand feven hundred and twenty four, be brought to the refpe&ive offices where the lame entries (hall or ought to be made, inclofed and tied up in like manner as is before directed, and (hall then have fuch mark, damp, imprefiion or device affixed thereon as aforefaid.

XXL And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the end of the faid laft mentioned fix weeks, all fuch chocolate, as (hall be found in the pofleffion or cuftody any ma^er or ^cr chocolate (other than and except fuch dealer forfeit- chocolate, for which the duties granted by this aft (hall not have been become due or payable) without fuch mark, (lamp, imprefiion or device thereon, (hall be forfeited, and fuch maker or feller of chocolate (hall further forfeit and pay twenty (hillings for every pound weight of fuch chocolate fo found in his or her Forfeit of *os. cuftody or pofiefiion without fuch mark, damp, imprefiion or i^und^cho- device a3 aforefaid ; and all fuch chocolate as, from and after colate not * the end of the laft mentioned fix weeks, (hall be found re-itamped. Cbo- moving from one place to another without fuch mark, (lamp, colate found impreifion or device as aforefaid, (hall be forfeited, and may y^outfamp **	f°r his Majefty’s ufe, together with the package con-

forfeited. P> taking the fame.

XXII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall at any time counterfeit or forge, or caufe to be counterfeited or forged, any fuch mark, (lamp, imprefiion or device, which (hall be provided and made ufe of in purfuance of this aA, or (hall utter, vend or felt

months impri- any chocolate with fuch counterfeit mark, damp, imprefiion or fonment. device thereon, knowing the fame to be counterfeit, then every fuch perfon or perfons fo offending therein, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit and lofe the fum of five hundred pounds, and alfo (hall be committed to the next county gaol, there to remain for twelve months without bail or mainprize.

XXIII.	And whereas many of his Majefiys Jubiefts have been ae-

d I r?	or	™y be iijpofed, to make or caufe chocolate to be made

vatc* families.not fa fa*' or t0 ma** any PTOfil thereof but to be confumed in their * own private families; for the better accommodation of fuch perfons, it is hereby provided and enaefted by the authority afore* faid, That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June

For counterfeiting fuch (tamp, the party forfeits 500I. and to lutfer 12

ti Geo. 1. c. 30. fed. 13.

Chocolate



1723.] Anno decimo Georgii I, c. 10.	145

one thoufand feven hundred and twenty four, in cafe any fuch Upon three perfon or perfons (hall be minded to make any quantity of fuch chocolate at his, her or their own private houfe, or any other JlrivaSperfbns place, and (hall give notice in writing, under his, her or their permiflions to hand or hands, of fuch his, her or their intention to make fuch make choco-chocolate, to the officer for the faid duties hereby fet and im- late for private pofed, of the divifion or place in which fuch chocolate for pri- ufe on vate ufe is intended to be made, by the fpace of three days at the lead, before his, her or their beginning to work or make, or cauling to be begun to be worked or made fuch chocolate, in which notice lhall be particularly fpecified the weight or quantity of cocoa nuts deiigned to be fo made into chocolate, the name or names of the perfon or perfons to be employed in the making or working thereof, and the houfe or place where the fame chocolate is to be fo made, then and in every fuch cafe fuch officer or officers (hall fign or give a permiffion in writing, under his or their refpedtive hand or hands, without fee or reward, for the making or working fuch quantity of chocolate by fuch perfon or perfons, and at fuch place or places, as (hall be fo notified as aforefaid, and fuch houfe or place (hall not, in refpe& of the making fuch chocolate there, be fubjed or liable to be fur-veyed, viiited or infpected by fuch officers as aforefaid; any thing in this ad before contained to the contrary in any wife not-withflanding.

XXIV.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the But if within authority aforefaid. That in every fuch cafe the chocolate fo three days af-made as aforefaid for private ufe, the perfon or perfons who (hall

work or make the fame, or for whofe ufe the fame (hall be is n^en* worked or made, do and (hall, within three days after the finifh- tred, brought ing the working or making the quantity of chocolate fo permit- to be (lamped, ted to be made for private ufe, make or caufe to be made, an an^tllu duty entry on oath with the proper officer before direded to take en- forfeits tit*** tries of coffee, tea and chocolate, in the divifion, diftrid or chocolate, and place, where fuch chocolate (hall be made as aforefaid, of the treble the va-whole quantity of chocolate then made by virtue of fuch permit,lac# and (hall bring or produce, or caufe to be brought or produced, all fuch chocolate fo made, ready wrapt up or inclofed, as before is dire&ed; to have fuch mark, damp, impreffion or device affixed thereon, and at the fame time ffiall pay, or caufe to be paid, the duty hereby impofed for the fame chocolate; and that in default of fuch entry, marking or (lamping, and payment of fuch duties as aforefaid, all fuch chocolate as (hall not be entred, marked or (lamped, or for which fuch duties (hall not be paid as aforefaid, (hall be forfeited, and the perfon or perfons for whom the fame (hall be made, (hall forfeit to his Majelty treble the value thereof.

XXV.	Provided always, and be it further enabled by the au- Lc*ith*»n thority aforefaid. That no perfon or perfons (hall be permitted ^igl^of co-to work or make into chocolate, for his, her or their own pri- coanuts at vate ufe, any quantity of cocoa nuts lefs than half one hundred each time not

VoL. XV.	L	weight	tobemadein*

146	.Anno decimo Georgii I. c. io. ^17^3.

to chocolate weight of cocoa nuts at a time; any thing in this all before con* tor private tained to the contrary notwithffanaing. c#	XXVI.	And	for tne better fecuring the inland duties by this

* aft granted upon coffee and tea fold to be confumed in this kingdom, and upon chocolate which (hall be made and fold in Great Britain, by wholefale of retail, and to the intent that the fame may not be too burthenfome on the importers of fuch coffee and tea as fhall be exported to parts beyond the feas ; it is hereby provided and enafted by the authority aforefaid. That from and After Hlune after the faid four and twentieth day of June on^ thoufand feven 1714. Coffee, hundred and twenty four, all fuch coffee, tea and cocoa nuts, nutilmDor? as	™Portec*	*nto	kingdom	of Great Britain from any

ed, to been- foreign parts, upon the entry thereof at the cuftom-houfe, ana tredat thecu- paying or fecuring the feveral fubfidies and additional impoffs ftomhoufe, which fhall then remain due thereon, fhall be forthwith carried vwehoufe*0 * or Pllt *nt0 ^uch wareb°ufe or warehoufes as (hall be for that provided by purpofe provided, at the charge of the refpeftive importer the importer, or importers of fuch coffee, tea and cocoa nuts, and fhall be ap-and approved proved of by the commifTioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms, or the neA°ofTu^°" maJor Part	f°r	the	^me	being; and the faid importer or

ftoms. * importers thereof lhall have power to garble and feparate in fuch warehoufes fuch coffee and cocoa nuts, as hath been ufual, to make it merchantable; and the faid coffee, tea and cocoa nuts fo brought into fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, fhall not be taken or carried out thence upon any account whatfoever, other than as is herein after mentioned ; that is to fay, fuch of the faid Of and for coffee and tea as (hall be fold to be confumed in Great Britain, fuch pant of (hall be delivered out of fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, upon and tea auf is Payracnt °f bis Majcfty’s duties payable by this aft for the fame fold to he con- coffee and tea in manner following; that is to fay, the importer fumed in or proprietor, or fuch perfon or perfons as fhall be appointed by Great Britain, him or her, fhall for fuch coffee and tea which fhall remain in fuch warehoufe or warehoufes within the cities of London or An entry to Wejlmitijier, or the weekly bills of mortality, make an entry be made. with the receiver or colleftor of the faid inland duties within the

cities of London or TVeJiminJier, who fhall be appointed to receive the fame, of fo much coffee or tea as he or (he intends to take out of fuch warehoufe, and pay down in ready money to fuch The inland receiver or collector the refpeftive inland duties by this aft grant-duties to be ed, amounting in the whole to two (hillings for every pound paid down, weight of coffee, and four (hillings for every pound weight of tea : and in all other places of Great Britain the importer or proprietor, or fuch perfon or perfons as fhall be appointed by him or her, fhall make fuch entries at the office for the faid inland duties as fhall be appointed for that purpofe, which fhall be neareft to fuch warehoufe or warehoufes appointed as aforefaid, and pay down the faid inland duties to the colleftor appointed On producing to receive the fame, and upon producing a warrant or warrants, to the ware- certificate or certificates, figned by fuch refpeftive colleftor or re-houfe-keeper ceiver (certifying that he has received the faid inland duties by irtiSwte of	granted)	to	the	refpeftive	warehoufe-keeper	or	ware-

houfe-

1723.] Apno detimo Georgii I. c. 10.	147

houfe-keepcrs, fuch warehoufe-keeper or warehoufe-kecpers (hall having receive deliver out of fuch warehoufe or warehoufes fo much coffee or tea, intended for home confumption, as (hall be mentioned or warehoufe-expreffed in fuch warrant or warrants, certificate or certificates keeper to de-refpeftively, to have paid the faid inland duties ; and the refpec- out fo tive warehoufe-keeper and warehoufe-keepers are thereupon to	^

give to fuch importers or proprietors a permit or certificate to ac-company fuch coffee or tea fo delivered out, which permit or much, certificate fliall be alfo figned by an officer attending the faid warehoufe or warehoufes, who (hall be appointed by the faid commiffioners for the faid inland duties, or the major part of them, to prevent the feizing thereofj and as to fuch cocoa nuts As to cocoa as fliall remain in fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, and fliall be nuts intended intended to be taken out of the fame, in order to be made into to be made inchocolate in this kingdom, an entry thereof fliall be firft made f^kin*-by the importer or proprietor, or luch perfon or perfons as he dom, the like or (he fliall appoint, with the refpedtive receiver or collector ap- method to be pointed to receive or collect the faid inland duties, as a charge obferved. upon fuch importer or proprietor, and alfo on the buyer of the fame, which faid receiver or collector refpedtively, fliall certify fuch entry to the rcfpe&ive warehoufe-keeper or warehoufe-keepers y and upon fuch certificate the quantity of cocoa nuts mentioned therein, (hall be delivered out of fuch warehoufe or Vrarehoufes accordingly, with a permit or certificate, figned by the officer for the faid inland duties at fuch warehoufe, to be delivered to the officer of the faid inland duties by this a£t granted, of the divifion or place to which fuch cocoa nuts are intended to be carried, to the intent that the fame officer may take the fame into flock; and as to fuch part of the faid coffee, tea Suc^ ^ and cocoa nuts, as fliall be intended for exportation to parts	°

beyond the feas, the fame fliall be delivered out of fuch ware- tea and cocoa houfe or warehoufes unto the importers, or fuch buyers or other nuts in fuch perfons as fuch importers fliall appoint in that behalf, upon fuf- warehoufes as ficient fecurity to be firft given to his Majefty,his heirs and fuc- {^"exported? ceffors, which fecurity the commiffioners or the cuftoms for the is to be deli-* timp being, or fuch officer or officers of the cuftoms as they, or vered out up* the major part of them (hall from time to time appoint, are °n fu.fficient hereby required and impowered to take, that the fame, and p^and^not" every part thereof, fliall be exported, and not relanded in Great {eland the Britain, which faid fccurities fliall be difeharged without fee or fame, reward, upon certificate returned or produced to the commif-fioners of the cuftoms, or fuch officer or officers as aforefaid, under the common feal of the chief magiflrate in any place or suchfecurities places beyond the feas, or under the hands and feals of twotobedif-known Britijb merchants then being at fuch place or places, that charged on fuch coffee, tea or cocoa nuts were there landed, or upon proof certificate, by credible perfons, that fuch coffee, tea or cocoa nuts were taken by enemies, or perifhed in the feas, the examination and proof thereof being left to the judgment of the faid commiffioners of the cuftoms for the time being.

JtXVlI. And for preventing all clandeftine importing or La	bringing

148	Anno	decimo	Georgii	I.	c.	10.	[1723.

Coffee, tea or bringing in of coffee, tea or cocoa nuts into this kingdom of ^°C<ortedt* t ^reat ^rtiatn’> be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, f^entred’and That if anv perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, brought to	from and after the faid four and twentieth day of June one thou-

fuch ware-	fand feven hundred and twenty four, (hall import or bring any

£n<*	coffee, tea or cocoa nuts (which ought to be fecured in fuen

thereof and	warehoufe as aforefaid) into Great Britain, and (hall not make

horfesimploy- due entries thereof, and bring the fame into the faid warehoufe cd in carrying or warehoufes as aforefaid, the fame (hall be and is hereby ad-may judged to be clahdcftinely run, and unlawfully imported, and *eizc # the fame (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of the C-iftoms, or for the faid inland duties hereby granted ; and fuch * perfon or perfons, or bodies politick or corporate offending therein, (hall forfeit and lofe all the coffee, tea and cocoa nuts fo clandeftinely run, or unlawfully imported, together with the canifters, bags, cafks or other veffels or things containing the fame, and the horfes, carts and other carriages made ufe of in the carrying of the fame,

XXVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That if any difpute (hall arife whether the cuftoms or inland duties payable for any coffee or tea, or the cuftoms for any cocoa nuts, which (hall be feized in pur-fuance of this a (ft, have been duly paid, or that the fame or a-ny part thereof have been condemned as forfeited, the proof thereof (hall lie upon the owner or claimer thereof, or the perfon or perfons on whom the fame (hall be found, and not on the officer.

Upon difputes ot paying or not paying duties, the proof to lie on ' the claimer.

XXIX. And for preventing the clandeftine carrying the faid coffee, tea or cocoa nuts out of the faid warehoufes, be it enacted by^ the authority aforefaid. That the keeper or keepers of Every ware- *he faid warehoufe and warehoufes, who (hall be appointed by houfe keeper the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms, and the perfon or tokeepabook perfons, who (hall be appointed by the commiffioners of the broiTht m	m*anc*	duties granted by this aft to attend the faid rcfpec-

and'jSl carried ^vc warehoufes, (hall each of them keep one or more book or books, wherein they (hall refpeftively and feparately fairly enter in writing an exaft, particular, and true account of all coffee, tea and cocoa nuts,’ which from time to time (hall be brought into and carried out of the refpeftive warehoufe or warehoufes, to which he or they (hall refpeftively belong, and the days and times when the fame (hall be fo brought in and carried out, and how much thereof was delivered out to be confumed arid fpent in Great Britain, and how much for exportation, and the names of the refpeftive perfon or perfons, to whom or for whofe ufc the fame was delivered out, and (hall at the end of every fix months, or oftner, if required, tranfmit in writing an account thereof upon oath to the refpeftive commiffioners of the cuftoms, and for the faid inland duties hereby granted for the time being, under whom they refpeftively ferve, together with an exaft account of how much (hall be remaining in the refpeftive warehoufe or warehoufes to which they refpeftively belong; and

out, and to .tranlmit accounts.

At the end of every fix months, or fooner, if required.

149

1723.] Anno decimo GboRGII I. C. 10.

the faid commiflioners of the cuftoms, and the commiflioners for the faid inland duties, feverally and refpe&ively are hereby required and enjoined, within one month after the fame (hall be refpeCbvely tranfmitted to them as aforefaid, to appoint one or more perfon or perfons to infpeCfc the faid refpe&ive book or Jninme fuch books, warehoufe or warehoufes, and to examine the fame ac- accounts, it counts, and if upon examination it (hall appear that any of the fhall appear, faid coffee, tea or cocoa nuts, were delivered out otherwife than anv as aforefaid, or before payment of his Majefty’s inland duties bet ^unduly * for fuch of the faid coffee and tea, as (hall have been fold to be delivered out, confumed in Great Britain, or giving fuch fecurity as aforefaid fuch ware-for fuch of the faid coffee or tea, which (hall be delivered out houfe keeper for exportation as aforefaid, then the warehoufe-keeper or ware-	any

houfe-keepers, and officer or officers refpe&ively offending there- office, and to in, (hall not only be difabled to hold or enjoy any publick office forfeit 1001. or employment, but lhall alfo forfeit and lofe, for every fuch offence, the fum of one hundred pounds.

XXX.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid,That proprietor of it (hall and maybe lawfulfortheproprietororproprietorsof the faid iuch coffee* coffee, tea or cocoa nuts, fo to be lodged in any fuch warehoufe and (uch

or warehoufes as aforefaid, to affix one lock to every fuch ware-houfe, the key of which (hall remain in the cuftody of fuch pro- ^ hVve a lock prictor or proprietors, and to and for the officer or officers to be and key. appointed by the faid commiflioners for the faid inland duties to attend fiich warehoufe or warehoufes, to affix one other lock upon eveyy fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, the key whereof to remain in the cuftody of the faid officer for the faid inland duties$ and the faid proprietor and proprietors (hall and may, in the prefence of the faid warehoufe-keeper or warehoufe-keepers, and Warehoufe-officer or officers appointed for the faid inland duties (who are keeper to at-hereby obliged to attend at all reafonable times for that purpofe) r?a’ view, fort and receive out of the faid warehoufe or warehoufes, r°naWc tunc,• the faid coffee, tea or cocoa nuts, of any part thereof in manner following; that is to fay, fuch of the faid coffee or tea which (hall be fold to be conlumed in Great Britain, upon paying the inland duties hereby charged thereon, to the perfons and in the manner herein before prescribed; and fuch of the faid cocoa nuts as are intended to be made into chocolate in Great Britain, upon making an entry thereof in the manner before preferibed, and giving permits and certificates as is before directed ; and fuch of the faid coffee, tea and cocoa nuts as lhall be fold for exportation, upon giving fuch fecurity as is before in that behalf exprefled.

XXXI.	And for the more effectual fecuring the faid inland Commiffion-duties upon coffee by this aCt impofed,%be it further enaCted by

the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and raay provide for the commiflioners for the faid inland duties for the time be- roafting-ing, or the major part of them, if they (hall think it convenient h^ufes, and and neceffary, from time to time to provide fuch and fo many to at" boufes, as they (hall judge expedient, and at fuch places as they Hull think moft proper, for the roafting of all fuch coffee-ber-

L3	ries

Ss. per hundred weight, proportionally, for roafb ing coffee-bfenies.

Sellers and dealers may

Anno decimo Georgii I. c. io« [1723.

rics as (hall be brought to them refpe&ively for that purpofe, and (hall conftitute and appoint fuch officers as they (hall think ncceiTary for attending the fame, and one or more perfon or per-fons at each houfe, well (killed in the roafting of coffee, who are conftantly to attend at fuch roafting-houfe for that purpofe, and alfo proper materials for the roafting thereof $ to which all importers, fellers and dealers in coffee, either by wholefale or retail, or any other perfon or perfons whatfoever, mav refort to have their coffee-berries roafted, bringing a certificate from fome or orte of the officers for the faid inland duties, that the duty of fuch coffee-berries, fo brought to be roafted, hath been paid, or that the fame was part pf the (lock in hand of fome dealer in coffee on the faid twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty four, or that the fame had been condemn* ed as forfeited, for the roafting of which coffee no more (hall be paid than eight (hillings for every one hundred weight aver-dupois thereof, and in that proportion for a greater or lefler quantity.

XXXII. Provided always, and it is hereby ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for

groportiona-

During the continuing fuch houfes, no coffee-berries to be roafted elfe-

fendtheirown fellers and dealers in coffee, either by wholefale or retail, to appoint fuch perfon or perfons as he or they (hall refpe&ively think proper for the roafting of their coffee-berries in fuch Pcr houfes to be provided as aforefaid, who (hall be permitted to weight, and roa^ the fame therein accordingly, paying only three (hillings for every hundred weight thereof, and in that proportion for a greater or lefler quantity.

XXXIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the providing of fuch roafting houfes, and during the continuance or the fame for the purpofes aforefaid, no coffee-berries (hall be roafted, burnt or dried in Great

__________ Britain, in order to make the fame fit for fale, but in fome one

where, on for- of thofe houfes to be provided as aforefaid, upon pain of forfeit-feiting the ing the coffee which (hall be fo roafted, burnt or dried in any coffee and 5 s. piacc? other than in fome one of thofe houfes to be provided as per poun . aforefaid, and the fum of five (hillings for every pound weight pf coffee-berries, which (hall be fo roafted, burnt or dried in any other place than in fome one of the faid houfes to be provided as aforefaid, and in that proportion for a greater or lefler quantity.

XXXIV.	Provided always, and be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That if any officer or officers, roafter or roafters of coffee, who (hall be appointed by the commiffioners

uueme 101	^a,(* *n^an<* duties hereby granted, to attend fuch roaft-

forfecond 10I. ing-houfes as aforefaid, (hall negleit or refufe to give due at-and to be in- tendance at fuch roafting-houfes, for the roafting of fuch coffee as (hall be brought thither for that purpofe, fuch officer or officers fo neglc&ing or refufing, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of ten pounds for fuch his or their firft offence therein *, and in cafe fuch officer or officers (hall afterwards offend in the fome nature a fecoqd time* fuch officer or officers,

for

Officer or roalter not at tending, forfeits For firft offence 101

capable, 8cc.

1723.] Anno decimo Georgii I. c. 10;	151

for fucli fecond offence, (hall refpeilively forfeit the fum of twen- No dealer, &c. ty pounds, and alfo from thenceforth be incapable of holding JJchware-any office or employment in any branch of his Majefty’s reve- houfe lefs than nues : provided always. That no feller or dealer in coffee, tea or 100 weight of cocoa nuts (hall receive out of any of the publick warehoufes a- coffee, tea and forefaid, any lefs quantity of coffee, tea or cocoa nuts than one hundred weight of each fort at one time, except in fuch parti- cact/time : cular cafes where the importation and delivering into fuch ware- except where houfes (hall be in lefs quantities or parcels, or where the faid the importa-goods (hall be publickly fold by any lot or lots, parcel or par-t,on ?n cels, in lefs quantities than one hundred weight of each fort. quan c$#

XXXV.	And it is hereby further enadted by the authority a- All fellers of, forefaid. That for the better afeertaining the quantities of all cof- See. and keep-fee, tea, cocoa nuts and chocolate which (hall from time tocr°fc°ffce time be fold, all fellers and dealers therein, or in any of them, houfes°to***" and all makers of chocolate, and all coffeehoufe-keepers and kCCp accounts chocolatehoufe-keepers who (hall fell or confume the fame, or of quantities any of them, in fmall quantities under the weight of fix pounds, left than < (hall and are hereby obliged and diredled, from time to time, ^UIJca°and " after the faid twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hun- chocolatedai-dred and twenty four, to keep an account of all fuch coffee, tea, ly fold or con* chocolate and cocoa nuts, which they or any of them refpedtive- (umed, and lv (hall fo fell or confume in fmall quantities in each day, and fhc *otals (hall every night enter in a book, to be kept for that purpofe, an ^ dow^m a account of the grofs quantities of the faid feveral commodities book, which have been by him, her or them refpedtively fo retailed or confumed in that day in fmall quantities under the faid weight of fix pounds i and the faid fellers or dealers in coffee, tea, co- The like ftU coa nuts and chocolate, and coffeehoufe-keepers and chocolate- l«*,&c. in houfe-keepers (hall alfo keep one other book, wherein they (hall t^okto fet refpe&ively enter each parcel of coffee, tea, cocoa nuts or cho- down each, colate above the weight of fix pounds, which they (hall refpec- parcel fold, tively fell in each day; which faid parcels of coffee, tea, cocoa	*r

nuts or chocolate, above the weight of fix pounds, (hall not be vc P°und,# removed out of the refpedlive fellers cuftody, without a permit	P£rcc,#

or certificate ligned by fome officer for the faid duties, expreff- a	not to

mg the quantity and quality of the coffee, tea, cocoa nuts or be removed chocolate fo fold, and the name of the perfons fo felling, and without per-the perfons fo buying the fame, and the place to which the fame mit-is intended to be carried, and that the duties by this ad charged on the coffee, tea and chocolate were, paid, or that the cocoa nuts were entred, or that the fame were condemned as forfeited, or were part of the (lock in hand of fomc perfon or perfons, ex* preffing their names, of which an account had been taken on or before the faid twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty tour; which faid* books (hall be, and are Such books to hereby dire&ed to be prepared for the making fuch entry as a- be prepared forefaid, and delivered, upon demand, unto die refpedtive fel- *Lhc C01"-lers and dealers in coffee, tea, cocoa nuts and chocolate, by the commiffioners for the faid inland duties** or fuch perfon or per- ties. tons, as they the fame commifliotlers for the faid inland duties

L4	(hall

152	Anno dccimo Georgii I. c. 10.	[1723,

(hall for that purpofe direft and appoint: provided always. That No feller to no fuch feller or dealer as aforefaid, (hall have in his, her or have at the their cuftody, more than one fuch book of each fort at a time; bove one book an^ when the faid books in their cuftody (hall be filled up, the of each fort, fame are hereby direfted, from time to time, to be returned to Such books the refpeftive officer or officers for the faid inland duties, from fillcduPj whom the fame were refpeftively received, upon the oath, or in back umsk ca^e a Quaker, upon the folemn affirmation of fuch fellers or oath.	dealers as aforefaid, or his, her or their fervant or fervants, who

kept the fame, and made the entries therein, of the truth of fuch entries, according to the beft of his, her or their knowledge and Books fo kept belief j and one or more new book or books (hall thereupon be to lie open to delivered to fuch refpeftive fellers or dealers, in the room of fuch !^ccr™*Cd ^ k00^ or books fo returned, and fo toties quoties, as often as fuch book or books (hall be filled up with fuch entries ; which faid books fo kept by fuch refpeftive fellers or dealers (hall, from Refufers to time to time, lie open to be perufed by the officers for the faid keep fuch inland duties hereby granted, the better to enable them to make books, make their charges of fuch duties, and keep their (locks of the increafe fuch ernne^ and decreafe of the refpeftive commodities charged therewith: officers to in- provided always, That if any fuch feller or dealer in coffee, tea, co-fpeft them, coa nuts or chocolate (hall negleft or refufe to keep fuch books, or not deliver- and make fuch entries therein, or to permit the faid officers for ba^k^orVor ^ ^ut*cs to infpe& them, or not return the faid books ac-making falfe cording to the direction of this aft, or (hall make any falfe en-entries, forfeit try in iuch book or books, he, (he or they (hall, for every fuch xoo 1.	offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundredjpounds.

Coffee and tea XXXVI. And whereas feveral quantities of coffee and tea have being now in been or may he imported, and upon importation thereof the duties, wareiioufes zuhich by law remain to the crown on exportation only, have been paid and there hav- or fecured, part of which coffee or tea may, upon the faid twenty plud ouh^fuch	b day of June one tboujand feven hundred and twenty four, be

duties as do in fome one or more of the warehoufe or warehmfes appointed in pur-belong to the fuance of the faid aft of the tenth year of the reign of her faid late crown after majefty Sheen Anne, under the care and cuftody of the refpeftive pro-thereof«ratl0n Prietori ™ereof> a?id the refpeftive warehoufe-keepers appointed by the lommifftoners of his Majefty's euftoms for that purpofe; all the duties of which faid toffee and tea, which are, in purfuance tf this aft, to ceafe and determine on the faid twenty fourth day of June one thou-find feven hundred and twenty four, not having been paid for the Such coffee fame*, it is therefore provided, enafted and declared, by ami tea re- the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the faid twenty Jbch warc- fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty four, homes on or fo much only of the feveral and refpeftive inland duties by this after the faid aft fet and impofed upon coffee and tea, as have not been paid *4tbof June for the duties hereby determined, (hall be and are hereby fet, ed with the in' hnpofed and chargeable upon all the faid coffee and tea relpeft-Und duties, »velyt which (hall be fo found in fuch warehoufe or warehoufes upon or after the’faid twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty four.

XXXVII. And be it wither enafted by the authority aforefaid

1723.] Anno decimo Georgii I. c. 10.	15$

faid, That the refpeftive importer or importers, proprietor or muft proprietors of fuch coffee and tea fo found in fuch warchoufe entred at tlie or warehoufes, (hall, within one month next after the faid twcn- cuftomhouie ty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty	vcr~

four, or upon delivery thereof out of the faid warehoufes before u * the expiration of the faid month, make an entry at the cuftom-houfe of all fuch coffee and tea fo found, and (hall pay or fc- And if the old cure the remaining cuftoms or duties due thereon, which, not- du.t,cs ar* not withftanding this adt, are ftill to be paid or fecured at the cu- j*}* ^crh ftomhoufe at the importation thereof, that is to fay, the old fub- and tea (hail be fidy, the new fubfidy, the one third fubfidy and the two thirds forfeited, fubfidy, and the additional impoft, and on failure thereof, all fuch * coffee and tea (hall be forfeited and loft; and in cafe the faid If fitch a>ffee coffee and tea, or any part thereof, (hall be exported within the and tea is ex-time allowed by law for that purpofe from the importation there- toXhaVC * of, the exporter or exporters thereof (hall, on a proper deben- {[drawback, ture, be entitled to draw back all the duties that (hall have been paid on fuch importation, or the fecurity for the fame (hall be vacated, as to fo much thereof as lhall be exported (except half Of the old fubfidy fo paid or fecured as aforefaid, which is to remain to the crown) and upon payment of the inland duty for fo much of the laid coffee and tea as (hall remain unexported, the Ihefecurities fecurities given in refpeci of the fame coffee and tea, (hall alfo to be delivered be vacated; any Jaw, cuftom or ufage to the contrary thereof in up. any wife notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- Officersforthe faid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the officers of the faid inland dime* duties granted, by this a<ft, from and after the faid twenty fourth ^e^oufts day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty four, from an<j to take* time to time, to enter into all and every fuch laft mentioned accounts, warehoufe or warehoufes, wherein fuch coffee and tea, or any of them, (hall be kept, and to weigh and take an account of the refpedive quantities thereof, and the refpe&ive proprietors of the fame, and to and for the commiffionersfor the faid inland duties, ^ommjfl-l0nert or the major part of them, to appoint one or more warehoufe- inland keeper or warchoufe-keepers of fuch warehoufe or warehoufes of duties to ap-fuch coffee and tea; which faid warehoufe-keeper or ware- P°int ware-houfe-kcepers fo appointed for the fame warchoufe or ware- h°ttfe-keep*rs. houfes laft mentioned refpe&ivcly, (hall and may affix one lock upon every fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, the key whereof (hall :remain in the cuftody of fuch warehoufe-keeper or warehoufe-; keepers refpe&ively; which faid coffee or tea, fo remaining in Such coffee fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, (hall not be taken from or out and tea not to of the fame, without firft paying the refpetftive duties impofed ^ Sch^are-thereon by this adl: and the faid laft mentioned warehoufe- h0llfcs^hwit keeper and warehoufe-keepers (hall keep fuch and the like books, paying the in-and make fuch and the like entries therein, and tranfmit fuch and (and duties, the like accounts in writing upon oath to the commiftioners for the faid inland duties hereby granted, and do and perform all totephSts fuch other matters and things, with refpedl to the coffee and tea and tnmfmit * which (hall be fo under their care and infpedtion, as are pre- accountstothe

ferib* commiflioners

154	Anno decimo Georgii I. c. 10.	[1723.

for the Inland bribed, directed and required to be done and performed by the duties. warehoufe-keepcrs who (hall be appointed, in purfuance ot this Such ware- aft, for the warehoufes in which all coffee and tea which (hall be liable 'totfte* ^mPortec*int0 Great Britain from and after the faid twenty fourth penalties, for-	June	one	thoufand	feven	hundred	and twenty four, are

tenures and direfted to be kept, under the like penalties, forfeitures and dif-difabilitics as abilities as the faid firft tnentioned warehoufe-keeper and ware-before. houfe-keepers are fubjeft and liable unto by virtue of this aft for any offence or negleft by them committed againft this aft.

Coffee,tea,&c. XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-concealed, &c« faid. That if any feller or dealer in coffee, tea or cocoa nuts, or any maker or feller of chocolate, (hall hide or conceal any coffee, tea, cocoa nuts or chocolate from the fight or view of the officers of the faid inland duties by this aft granted, with an intent to defraud his Majeity of the fame, the perfon or perfons offending therein (hall forfeit and lofe all fuch coffee, tea, cocoa And the treble nut8 an<* ch°c°late which (hall be found fo concealed, and tre-value forfeit- ble the value thereof, and alfo all canifters, bags, boxes, jars, tubs ed.	and other veffels and package containing the fame.

For aflaulting, XL. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That if, &c. officer, &c. from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June one thoufand orfomfeuing, feven hundred and twenty four, any perfon or perfons whatfoe-dtSngcof.ver ftaU affault, refill, oppofe, moled, obdruft or hinder any fee,te!(eized. officer or officers of the cudoms, or for the duties by this aft granted, in the due feizing or fecuring of any coffee, tea, cocoa • nuts or chocolate which by any officer or officers of the cudoms, or for the duties hereby granted, (hall or may be feized by virtue or in purfuance of this or any other aft or afts now in force, or. hereafter to be made, or (hall by force or violence refeue, or (hall caufe to be refeued, any of the faid commodities after the fame (hall have been feized by fuch officer or officers as aforefaid, or (hall attempt or endeavour fo to do, or after fuch feiz-ure (hall (lave, break or otherwife dedroy or damage any veflels or package, wherein the fame (hall be contained, all and every «s i*« i the party or parties fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, for** ^ *° * feit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds.

All penalties XLI. And it is hereby further enafted by the authority afore-andfbrfei- faid. That all fines and penalties, and all forfeitures, as well turcs, as well fpecifick as pecuniary, relating to the inland duties by this aft fpecifick as impofed, or to the commodities hereby prohibited to be import-Eefuedtor’sK:. cc*» or to any feizures made in purfuance of this aft, (hall be fued as by the laws* for, levied and recovered, or mitigated, by fuch ways, means and of exetft. methods as any fine, penalty and forfeiture is or may be recovered or mitigated by any law or laws relating to his Majefty’s revenues of excife, or any of them, or by aftion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at JVeJlminJler, for any thing done in that part of Great Britain calledi England, or the court of exchequer at Edinburgh, for any One moiety to thing done in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and that the crown, the one moiety of every fuch fine, penalty and forfeiture, (hall be Sforwr,	Majelly,	his	heirs	and	fucceffors,	and the other moiety

1	there*-

2

*55

1723.]	Anno	decimo	Georgii	I.	C.	10.

thereof to him of them that (hall feize, inform and fue for the fame.

XLII. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled by the au- Commiflionera thority aforefaid, That fuch perfons as (hall, for the time being, for be in purfuance of this aft appointed commidioners for the du- tave * ties on coffee, tea and chocolate, ariling or to arife in England, the like pow-fVales or town of Berwick upon Tweed, or the major part of them, ers, &c. the (hall have and exercife the fame or like jurifdiftion, power and commi/fioners authority, and may judge, determine, mitigate or order in allof cxcllc* cafes and matters relating to the duties arifing within the limits aforefaid, as the commidioners of excife upon beer and ale, and other liquors, may or lawfuly can or ought to exercife, adjudge, determine, mitigate or order in like cafes or matters in relation to the faid duties on excife; and that the judgments which (hall judgments be fo given in purfuance of this aft by the faid commidioners pur&ant to and judices of the peace refpeftively, (hall be, and are hereby jj11* declared to be final, and not liable to be removed by Certiorari into any of the courts at IVefiminJltr; any law, ftatute or provi-fion to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XLIII. Provided always, and iris hereby enabled by theau- Allcommif-thority aforefaid. That every pefflh who (hall be appointed a lionet* and of-commiflioner for the duties by this aft granted, and every fubor- (jeers to be dinate officer under fuch commidioners, who (hall receive any f^|°rnto exe-falary or allowance in refpeft of his or their office, (hall, before this aft, he or they (hall aft in their refpeftive trufts, take amoath for his and their due and faithful execution of the fame, according to this aft; which oath (hall and may be adminiftered to any (uch commiflioner by any other perfon who (hall be appointed a commiflioner as aforefaid, and to the faid officers refpeftively, by any one of the faid commidioners, or by one jufticc of the peace, who (hall give to fuch officer a certificate thereof gratis.

XLIV. And it is hereby cnafted by the authority aforefaid, Qenudi iffue. That if any perfon or perfons (hall be fued, molefted or profe-cutcd for any thing done by virtue or in purfuance of this aft, fuch perfon or perfons (hall and may plead the general iflue, and give this aft and the fpecial matter in evidence in his defence; and if afterwards a verdift (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff (hall difeontinue his aftion, or be non-fuited, or judgment (hall be given againft him upon demurrer or otherwife, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble Treble cofts, cofts to him or them awarded againft fuch plaintiff.

XLV. And to the end all the rates and duties upon coffee, tea and chocolate confumed in Great Britain by this aft granted, may be duly and certainly raifed, and the fame (except the ne-ceflary chargesof executingthisaft) may be juftiy andduly brought into the faid receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, according to the true meaning hereof, it is hereby cnafted by the authority aforefaid, That from time to time there (hall be appointed fuch and fo many commiffionett and officers as (hall be proper and neceflary for managing, railing, collefting and paying the faid Jeveral rates wd duties herein before glutted, and for keeping

Wd

156	Anno decimo Georg 111, c. 10.	[172

Commiflioncrian^ rendring the accounts of the fame; and that the refpedive and officers for commiffioners and officers concerned therein, (hall perform their tfiefe duties feveral duties in relation to the premifTes, as to them refpedively like^ ^hes aPPcrta*n> under fuch and the like penalties, forfeitures and as fn*11 ,Cf disabilities for any offence or negled therein, or for detaining, diverting, or mifapplying any part of the monies arifing by the fame rates and duties, as are preferibed and to be inflided by 9 & to W. 3. virtue of an ad of parliament made and paffed in the ninth year c. 44*	of his late majefiy King TVilliam the Third, intituled, An aft

for raijing a fum not exceeding two millions, upon a fund for payment of annuities after the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum, and for fettling the trade to the Eaft-Indies, for the like offence or negled relating to the duties thereby granted or referred unto, or tor detaining, diverting or mifapplying any part of the monies which were granted or appropriatea by the ad of parliament lad mentioned.

How the mo-	XLVI. Provided always, and it is hereby enaded by the au-

' ney arifing by thority aforefaid, That one moiety of the monies arifing by the the inland du- faid inland duties by this ad charged and impofed upon all coffee and tea, and all the money arifing by the faid inland duty by this ad charged upon aBfchocolate, (nail be appropriated, iffued and applied, and the fame are hereby appropriated and made payable to the fame ufes, intents and purpofes, as the duties upon coffee, tea, chocolate, cocoa nuts and cocoa pafie, continued and made perpetual by the faid ad of the feventh year of the reign of her faid late majefiy Queen Atme* were appropriated and applicable before the making of this prefent ad, and (hall be alio fubjed and liable to the fame redemption by parliament, as the faid duties upon coffee, tea, chocolate, cocoa nuts and cocoa pafie, continued and made perpetual by the laft mentioned ad, were by the fame ad fubjeded and liable unto; and the remaining moiety of the monies arifing by the faid inland duties by this ad charged and impofed upon all coffee and tea as aforefaid, (hall be appropriated, iffued and applied, and the fame is hereby appropriated to the fame ufes, intents and purpofes, as the duties upon coffee and tea, continued and made perpetual by the faid ad of the third year of the reign of his 3 Geo. i. c. 7. prefent majefiy King George, were and flood appropriated and ' applicable before the making of this prefent ad; and fhall alfo be fubjed and liable to the fame redemption by parliament, as the faid duties upon coffee and tea, continued and made perpetual by that ad, were by the faid laft mentioned ad fubjeded and liable unto.

XLVII. And whereas by law the feveral fubfidies and additional impoft, payable upon tea imported from any place within the limits of the Eaft-India company's charter, are to be,computed according to the grofs price at which fuch tea is publickly fold by aftion or inch of candle, after the deduftion of the cuftoms, and other duties payable thereon to his Majcjly at importation^nd other deductions \ be it d on import* cna&*d by the authority aforefaid. That all tea imported or to J tea to be * be imported as aforefaid, (hall9from and after the faid twenty fourth

day

CCS K CO DC

applied.

7 Ann. c. 7. f.33.

17*3*1 Anno decimo Georgii I. c. io.'	157

day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty four, pay according to the old Tubfidy of twelve pence in the pound, granted by an adt the reduced of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late value, majefty King Charles the Second, according to the reduced value thereof, after the deductions before mentioned, and thS feveral other fubfidies and additional impoft upon tea are to be paid on the importation thereof, according to fuch reduced value pro-portionably; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XLVIII. And whereas the feveral fubfidies and additional impoft upon coffee and cocoa nuts imported, are by law charged according to the value at which fuch coffee and cocoa nuts are J'worn by the import ers^ which by experience has been found to be very unequal, fome perfous valuing the fame at far lower prices than others, to the de~ triment of the revenue, and the difeouragement of fair traders : for remedy thereof for the future, be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty four, all coffee Imported cof. imported fhall be rated at feven pounds, for every hundred weight, containing one hundred and twelve pounds,and all cocoa nuts im-	cocoa

ported (hall be rated at fifty (hillings for every hundred weight, nuts at*50s. containing one hundred and twelve pounds; and the fubfidy of per hundred twelve pence in the pound, by the faid adt of the twelfth year weight, of the reign of his faid late majefty King Charles the Second,

(hall be paid according to fuch refpedtive rates of feven pounds and fifty (hillings, and the further fubfidy, the one third and two third fubfidies, and additional impoft, (hall be paid according to fuch rates refpedtively, and not according to the value fworn; any law, cuftom or ufage to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding,

XL1X. And whereas over and above the inland duties by this aff charged upon coffee and tea imported, and upon chocolate made in this rem^ine on kingdom, the feveral duties hereafter mentioned are by law ^///coffee, tea and payable at the cuftom-hcufe upon and for coffee, tea and cocoa nuts im» cocoa nut*, ported, that is to fayy the old fubfidy, the new fubfidy, the one third and the tivo third fubfidies, and the additional impoft5 be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid feveral fubfidies and^^^np^^ additional impoft, (hall be paid or fecured, and (hall be raifed. See. according * levied and colledted, in fuch manner and form, and by fuch to the former ways and means, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, with a^i# fuch difeounts, allowances and drawbacks as are mentioned and exprefied in the feveral adts of parliament, which granted or	^

continued the faid refpedtive fubfidies and additional impoft; and all powers, penalties, provifions, articles and claufes therein contained, (hall continue and be of full force and efFedt, and (hall be applied, pradtifed and executed*, for the railing, levying, collecting, fecuring, anfwering and paying the faid refpeCt-ive duties, as fully and effectually to all intents and purpofes, as the fame might and ought to have been in cafe this adt bad never been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

If. Provided neverthcleffe and it is hereby further enadted and

* declared

158	Anno dechrio GeoRGII I. c. to/	[1723^

N . declared bv the authority aforefaid, That nothing in this ad any neiTpowt contained (nail give or grant, or extend, or be conftrued to give ers to import or grant any power, authority or licence to any perfon or per* tea.	fons whatfoever, to import any tea into any of his Majeiiy’s

dominions, but fuch only as could by law import the fame, and in fuch manner as the fame could be lawfully imported before the making of this ad; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

Cocoa nuts LI. Provided always* and be it enaded and declared by the lawfully*5m- authority aforefaid. That in all cafes where it (hall appear to ported before the fatisfadion of the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms, *9 Sept. 1723, or any three or more of them (who are hereby impowered and m^ted bef *r rc<lu*re<*to examine the matter upon oath) that any cocoa nuts 25 June 171^, have been lawfully imported into this kingdom before the twen-5’ ty ninth day of September one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, and that the duties then payable by law upon the importation thereof have been paid, or fecurcd to be paid, it (hall and may be lawful for the owners or importers thereof, to export the fame at any time or times before the twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty five (fecurity

Sainft fraudulently relanding the fame being firft given, as is iial in cafes of exportation;) and upon fuch exportation fuch and the fame drawbacks/ allowances and advantages (hall be had and allowed to fuch importers or proprietors refpedively, as if the fame had been exported within the refpedive time or times Provided fuch allowed by law for the exportation thereof: provided fuch cocoa cocoa nuts be nuts (hall, on or before the twenty fourth day of June one thou-fuch1war nt°	^evcn hundred and twenty four, be brought into fome or

houfe &c#	one *he warehoufes to be appointed purfuant to this ad, or

9	0	the key or keys of the warehouse or warehoufes, where the fame

are or (hall be then kept, be, on or before the faid twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty four, delivered to fome or one of the officers to be appointed for the faid inland duties, to prevent frauds in relation thereto; any law, ufage or cuftom, or any thing in this ad contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

Relief granted	LII. And whereas all the real and perfonal plate of Robert Dal-

•to Robert Dal- zell, late earl of Carnwath, attainted of high treafon, was forfeit-zeU,e arl ed, and great part thereof by one or more aft or afts of parliament, of Carnwath, js wf}ed {n truflees, to be fold for the ufe of the publick\ which part, fo vejled in the trujlees, hath been fold accordingly for the fum of five thoufand one hundred pounds : and whereas the faid Robert Dal-zell, late earl of Carnwath, having for thefe eight years and upwards been deftitute of all nccejfary fubfijlence, has contracted conft-derable debts for the fupport and maintenance of bimfelf and his family: now in compaflion to the deplorable condition of the faid Robert Dalzell, late earl of Carnwath, and his family, we your Maje-fty’s dutiful and loyal fubjeds, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, do humbly pray, that it may be en-aded; and be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That out of tlye (aid five thoufand one hundred pounds, anting from the (ale

or

*59

1723 ] Anno decimo Georoii I. c. 11.

or produce of the eftate of the faid Robert DalzeUy late earl of Carnwatby fo forfeited as aforefaid, fuch fum or fums of money (after paying the proportionable part of the demands of fucn creditors, whofe claims have been allowed upon, and do affe& the faid eftate) (hall and may be taken, iflued and applied, for and towards the future fupport and maintenance of the faid Ro~ birt Ddlzelly late earl of Carnwatby and his family, and for the payment of his debts,- without account, impreft or other charge to be fet upon him for the fame, as his Majefty in his great goodnefs (hall, by his fign manual, think fit to direCt and ap-point: and the commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, are hereby authorized, impowered and directed, to caufe the fame to be paid to the (aid Robert Dailzelly late earl of Carnwatby or his afligns accordingly, without abatement for fees, charges or other deductions whatsoeverj any former law, cuftom or fta-tute to the contrary, or any incapacity by reafon of the attainder of the faid Robert Dalzelly late earl of Carnwatby notwith-ftanding.

CAR XL

An aft to prevent multiplicity of profecutions upon an aft made in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of bis late majefty King William the Tbirdy intituledy An aft for the more effectual employing the poor, by encouraging the manufactures of this kingdom.

WHEREAS by an aft made in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of his late majefty King William the Third of glorious memory, intituledy An aCt (or the more effectual employing the poor, by encouraging the manufactures of this kingdom, it isy amongft other things enaftedy That all wrought ftlksy bengals9 and fluffs mixed with filk or Herba of the manufafture of Perfia, China, or Eaft-India, and dU callicoes paintedy dyedy printed or Jiained there9 whether the fame Jhall be mixedy fewed or made up together for faky with any other goods or materlalsy or otherwifey which from and after the twenty ninth day of September one tbou~ fand feven hundred and one, Jhall be found in any houfty Jhop or warthoufey or other place whatfoever (other than in fuch warehoufe$9 as Jhall be approved of by the commiflioners of his Majeftfs cuftoms) Jhall be forfeitedy ana fubjeftand liable to be fearched for and feized 3 in which faid aft it is providedy that the powers therein Jbdll not ex~ tend to any fuckjtlksy bengahy fluffs on callicoes which Jhall have been made up and ujed in any fort of apparel or furniture before the faid twenty ninth day of September one thoufand feven hundred and one: and whereas feveral perfons have9 Jince the faid twenty ninth day of September one thoufand feven hundred and one9 inadvertently made up and ufed the faid prohibited goods in furniture and houjhold-jluffy believing the aft extended to apparel only9 and thereby havefubjefteatbem~ Jelves to the penalties of the faid aft: for remedy whereof, and preventing the numberlefs profecutions that might happen from

9	fnrb

16o

Aft it W. j. c. 10. not to extend to India lilies, See, made up in furniture before 15 Dec. 172a.

7 Geo. 1. flat. 1. c. 28. Farther prrvi-fiens for tbef§ matters, 13 Geo* 1. c. st.

Anno decimo Georgii I. c. 12,13,14;	[1723.

fuch inadvertency, be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent xnajefty, by and with the advice andconfentof the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament aflem-bled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid recited aft, or any thing therein contained, lhall not extend to any filks, bengals or (luffs mixed with (ilk or Herbay or painted, dyed, printed ordained callicoes, manufactured in Perfidy China or Eajl-Indiay which were made up, or ufed in furniture or houlhold-ftuff before the twenty fifth day of December one thou-fand feven hundred and twenty two; any thing in the faid recited aft, or any other aft or afts of parliament to the contrary notwithdanding.

CAP. XII.

An aft for repairing the roads leading from Stump* Crofs, in the pftrifli of Chelterford in the county of Eflex, to Newmarket-Heath, and the town of Cambridge, in the county of Cambridge.

This aft took place i June 1714, and is to continue for 21 years. Continued by 15 Geo. 2. c. 16.

CAP. XIII.

An aft for amending the roads from the (lones-end in Southwark to Higheate, at the entrance of Afhdown foreft in the parilh of Eaft-Gnnttead in the county of Suflex, and from Kingfton to Burton-Common, and alfo the lane leading from Wood Hatch to Sidlow-Mill, and the lanes called Horfe-hills, Bonehurft alias Boners, and Peteridge-Lanes, in the county of Surrey, by enlarging the terms granted by two former afts, one of the fourth, and the other of the fixth year of his Majefty’s reign.

The powers, Sec, in the private aft 4 Geo. 1. c. 4. which were to continue for 21 years from 15 March 1718, which term was enlarged by 6 Geo. 1. c. 26. tor two years, are further continued for twenty one years longer from thence next enfuing, for the purpofes in this aft. Farther continued by 25 Geo. 2. c. 51.

CAP. XIV.

An aft for enlarging the times for bearing and determining claims 'by tbe truftces for raifing money upon the ejlates of the late dir eft ors of tbe South-Sea company, and others; and for reviving and continuing tbe provifion formerly made againft requiring fpecial bail in aftions or fuits upon contrafts for flock orfubfeript ions, between tbe firfk day of December one tboufand feven hundred and nineteen, and tbe Jirft day of December one tboufand feven hundred and twenty ; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament made in the feventb year of bis Majefiy's reign, intituled, An a<5t for raifing money upon the eftates of the late fub-governor, deputy-governor, directors, cafhier, deputy-caihier, and accountant of the South-Sea company, and of John jlijlabie, efquire, and likewife of James Craggs, fen. efquire, deceafed, towards making good the great lots and damage fuftained by the faid company; and

for

^723-} Anno dedmo Georgii I. c. 14.

or difabling fuch of the faid perfons as are living to hold any liffice or place of truft under the crown, or to fit or vote ii\ parliament for the future; and for other purpofes in the faid i£t exprelled; it is enabled (amongft other things) That all and very the real eflate and ejiates whatfoever, and of what nature or ind fever, and all rights of aft ion, ufes, trujls, powers and au-\ borities whatfoever, and all and every the Jhare and Jhares in the apital flock or flocks of any corporation, company or fociety% and all homes due upon any account or accounts balanced or to be balanced, and. 11 other debts and fecurities for debts, and all ready monies, goods ^ and nerchandizes, psrfonaLeflate and ejfefts whatfoever, of what nature r kindfever* which Sir John Fellows, baronet, latefub* governor, Charles Toye, efquire, late deputy-governor, and William Aftell, tyuire. Sir Lambert Blackwell, baronet, Sir John Blunt, baronet, Ur Robert Chaplain, baronet, Sir William Chapman, knight and Iaronet, Robert Chefter, efquire, Stephen Child, efquire, Peter )elaporte, efquire, Francis Eyles, efquire, James Edmondfon, fquire, Edward Gibbon, efquire, John Gore, efquire, Sir Wiliam Hammond, knight, Francis Hawes, efquire^ Richard Horsy, efquire, Richard Houlditch, efquire, Sir Theodore Janflen, night and baronet, Sir Jacob Jacobfon, knight, Arthur Ingram, fquire, Sir John Lambert, baronet, Sir Harcourt Matter, knight, Villiam Morley, efquire, Ambrofe Page, efquire, colonel Hugh Uymond, Samuel Read junior, efquire, Thomas Reynolds, fquire, Jacob Sawbridge, efquire, William Tillard, efquire, and ohn Turner, efquire, late directors of the corporation if the overnor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the iouth-Seas, and other parts of America, and for encouraging the Ifhery, commonly called the South-Sea company, and alfo Robert Cnight late treafurer or cafhier, Robert Surman late deputy-cafhjer, ohn Grigfby late accountant to the faid corporation, and] ohn Ailla->ie, efquire, every or any of them, upon the firft day of June anno )omini one thoufand feven hundred and twenty, or at any time r times afterwards, or which James Craggs the elder, dtceafed, r any perfin or perfons in truft for him at the time of his death, ms or were fifed or poffeffed of or interefled in, or entitled nto, in law or equity in their or any of their own rights, or to is or their own ufe or ufes, or in barinerjhip with any others except as in the faid aft is excetted) were, by force and virtue f the faid aft, veiled and fettled in Sir John Eyles baronet, 'ir Thomas Crofle baronet, John Rudge, Matthew Lant, toger Hudfon, efquires, now Sir Roger Hudfon knight, Ed-nund Halfey, John Lade, Gabriel Roberts, and Richard Hop-ins, efquires, now Sir Richard Hopkins knight, thereby norm-ated and appointed truflees for the ufes and purpofes. in the faid ft expreffd of and concerning the fame, and the heirs, executors, dminiftrators and afftgns of the fame truflees,	fir refpeftive

\mes in the fid aft named, to the intent the fame might be fold and l&ofed of or otherwife applied to and for the ufes and purpofes in he find aft expreffed concerning the fame, and that the char monies irifing thereby, Jbould be appropriated to and for the ufe of the you XV.	M	South-

i6z

Anno dedmo Georoii I. c. 14;	[1723;

South-Sea company* in fuch manner as therein is expreffed: and it is thereby farther enafted* That the entries of fact claims* as by the faid aft are direfted* by or for any perfon or corporation in Great Britain, Jhould or might be made at any time before the twenty-fifth day ^December one thoufand feven hundred and twenty one* and by or for any perfon or per font ref ding or being beyond the feas* or out cf Great Britain, Jhould and might be made at atty time before the twenty fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two: and by the find aft it is further enafted* That the faid trufiees* or any three or more of them* Jhould and might inquire and inform themfelves, by or upon the tefiimony of witnejjes upon oath* or by the examination of the perfons making fuch claims upon oath {all which oaths they* or any one or more of them* had thereby power to adminifier) or by the infpeftion of any mortgages* bonds* bills* notes* or other fecurities* or any accounts relating to the faid debts* or any of them Jo claimed* or by infpeftion of any grants* gifts* fettle-ments* conveyances* transfers* or affurances relating to the faid efiates* interefis* or incumbrances ft claimed* or any of them* or bailor any of the faid ways and means* or otherwife* according to their difere-tions* as foon as conveniently might be* touching all or any of the debts* efiates* interefis* or incumbrances fo claimed* and Jhouldmake a report or reports in writing of their proceedings therein* with their opinions thereon* from time to time* to the court of directors of the fend South-Sea company for the time being 5 and if the faid court of • direftors for the time being Jhould be fatisfied in the jufiice of fuch claim or claims* or that any debt or fum of money ought to be paid thereupon* or that the efiate* interefi* or incumbrance fo claimed* or any part thereof* ought to be allowed* and Jhould declare their fatif-faftion therein* by any reflation or reflations of that court; and if the party or parties* by or for whom fuch claim Jhould be made* Jhould Ukewife* in a book or books to be kept in the faid trufiees publick office for that furpofi* declare in writing under his* her or their bands* his* her or their acquiefcence in fuch reflation or refolutions ' of the faid court of direftors for the time being* touching his* her or their debt* efiate* interefl* or incumbrance fi claimed* at any time or times before the firfi day of Auguft one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two, then in all and every fuch cafe and cafes the faid trufiees* or any three or more of them* Jhould give warrant for the payment and dtfeharge of every fuch debt or fum of money fo liquidated or adjufied* out of Juch monies as Jhould come to the hands of the cafiier of the faid South-Sea company for the time being, for the purpofes in the faid aft expreffed : and it was by the faid aft further enafted* That the jufiices of the courts of King’s bench and common fleas, and barons oj the coif cf the exchequer for the time being* or any three or more of them* fitting at the fame time and place* and not otherwife* Jhould* and they were thereby authorized* from time to time* to hear and determine all differences* dijputes and eontro-verftes touching or concerning any debts* efiates* interefis* or incum-. trances* which Jhould be claimed within the refpeftive times therein before limitedfor making fuch claims* atid could not or fimld not be liquidated or adjufied between the faid court of direftors for tbe time 2	being*

1723.] Anno dedmo Georgii L c. 14; '	163

being, and the refpeflhe claimants within the time before limited in that behalf and all incidents relating thereunto , in Juch manner, as by thefind afl is directed: and by the faid a flit is further enafledy 7Geo.i.

'That the faid juftices and barons, or any three or more of them, up- c* on a complaint to be made by or for any claimant of any fuch debt9 efiate9 intereflj or incumbrance, whofe claims Jboula not be liquidated or adjufttd as aforefaidy (To as fuch complaint be made on or before the twenty fifth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two) Jhould proceed in fuch manner as by the faid afl is dire fled j and the faid juftices and baronSy or any three or more of themy in all cafes where they jhould find that any debt or fum of money ought to be paid to fuch claimant upon fuch claims, or that the cftatCy interefty or incumbrance fo claimed, or any part thereof ought to be allowedf Jhould and mighty at any time or times before the twenty fifth day of March One thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, tranfmit a certificate or certificates thereof to the faid truftees in the faid afl nominated: and by the faid afl it is provided and enafledy That the powers given by the faia afl to the faid juftices and barons, for hearing and determining Juch differences, difputes and controver-fies relating to fuch claims as aforefaidy and ijjuing their certificates concerning the fame as aforefaidy jhould continue and be in force until the twenty fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three and no longer. And whereas by another afl of parliament made in the eighth year of his Majeftfs reign9 intituled^ An aft for pro- 8Geo.i.c.»3. longing the times for hearing and determining claims before the truftees, in whom the eftates of the late South-Sea directors, and of John Aiflabie efquire, and likewife of James CraggSy efquire, deceafed, are vetted, and for other purpoles therein mentioned j feveral of the times in the former afls limited, have been enlarged to fevered further times therein exprejfed: and whereas by another afl of parliament made in the ninth year of hisfaidMajcftfs reign, intitu- 9 Geo. 1. c. sj. tid9 An a£t for further enlarging the times for entring, hearing and determining claims on the eftates vetted in the truftees of the South-Sea company, and for obliging perfons to claim ftock by the time therein mentioned, for money fubferiptions, and for other the purpofes therein mentioned, the times in the laft mentioned afl Smitedy have been enlarged to feveral further times therein exprejfedy which times by the laft afl limtedy are now near expiring: now forafmuch as the claims made purfuant to the firft,

* and alfo to the laft recited ad, cannot be adjufted and determined within the times already limited for the fame; may it pleafe your moft excellent Majefty, that it may be ena&ed, tic.

•

The time for the directors of the South-Sea company to declare their fa-tiafa&ion of the jufticc of any daunt, further enlarged to 24 December 17x6. and for the juftices and barons to determine differences therein, enlarged to 04 June 17x7. and for the juftices and barons to tranfmit their certificates, to 19 September 17x7. After so May 1714. the time tor declaring an acquiefcence to any refblution of the dtre&ors, and for making complaints for daimants, to be within 30 days after perfbnal notice, or notice in" the Gazette, of fuch refblution. Complaints not fo made, void, and the juftices. See. difeharged from proceeding thereon, ff no acquief-.cenoe be declared, the party deemed to have acquiefctd. Wives of per-

M %	ions

164	Anno	decimo GeorgiI I. c.t$i \6.	[1723-

font' whofe eftates are veiled in the truftees, having light of .dower, the tfuftees may compound with them for fuch right, to be paid by thecafhier. Truftees may make fuitable allowances to filch wives having right of ,	dower.	Juflices	and	barons to fettle differences. Purchalers to en;oy the

eftates purchafed, free from all right of dower. Not to give any right of dower to wives, who by deed made before marriage have accepted any fettlement in lieu thereof. Nor to give any claim to any eftate purchased fince 1 December 1719. The title of ptirchafers good, as. well when the late directors, See. (hall not releafe their right, as when they have. No fpecial bail required in atlions or fuits on contrails for ftock or fubferip-tions, till 1 March 1724, &c. Truftees, See. may compound with William Aftell, for the benefit of his children, See. Colonel Thomas Sidney and his wife may enter their claims of any debt due from Robert Knight, at any time before 24 June 1724. EXP.

CAP. XV.

An a£t for repairing the road leading from Dunchurch in the county of Warwick, to the bottom of Meriden-Hill in the fame county.

The toll took place from 25 July 1724. and is to have continuance for 11 years. Continued by 13 Geo. 2. c. 22.

CAP. XVI. sAn aft for encouraging the Greenland fijhery.

4&5W.&M. TX/HERE AS by an aft of parliament made in the fourth and c.17.	W	fifth years of the reign of their late Majejlies King William

and JQueen Mary, for encouraging the Geeenland fijbery, a company was incorporated, exclufroe of the r*ft<jf their then Majejlies Jul-jefts, and by the faid aft it is enafted, That it Jbould be lawful for the faid company, and for all and every the Jbips and veffels belonging thereto♦ or employed by the faid company, truly belonging to England, Wales, or town 0/*Berwick upon Tweed, and whereof the majlers Jhould be Englifhmen, and inhabiting within the places afore-fatdy and for no other Jbip or veffel whatfoever,from and after the firjl day of May in the year of our Lord one thoujand fix hundred and ninety three, until the firfi day of October in the year of our Lord one thoujand feven hundred and feven, employed for catching of whales in the Greenland feas, during fuch their voyages, to be navigated with one third of the mariners Englifh at the leaf, and yet to pay no farther or other cujlomfor the oil, blubber or fins, caught and imported in fucb Jbips or vejfels, than if fuch Jhips or veffels had been navigated with three fourths of the mariners Englifh : and whereas by an aft of parliament made in the ninth and tenth years of the reign 9 & 10 W. 3. rf bis fad l&te Majcfly King William the Third, intituled> An adl u 45.	for	taking	away half the duties impofed on glafs wares, and the

whole duties lately laid on (lone and earthen wares, and tobacco pipes, and for granting (in lieu thereof) new duties upon whale fins^and Scotch linen, it is amongft other things enafted, That from and after the tenth day of July one tboufand fat hundred and ninety eight, there Jbould be anfwered and paid to his Mdjejly, hrs heirs and fuccejfors, for and upon all whale fins, that Jhould be taken, caught and imported, in and by any Jhips or veffels whatjbever, of or belonging to the company ejlablijhed for the Greenland trade, the fuen of three pence for every* pound weight thereof, and after that rate for a greater or tejfcr quantity; and for all whale fins, which are or Jffall

X

17x3^ Anno decimo Georgii I. c. 17.

be taken, caught or imported by foreigners, or by any Jhips or vejfets not belonging to the jaid company, the fum of fix pence for every pound weight thereof, and after that rate for a greater or lejfer quantity : and whereas by an act made in the firjl year of her late Maje- t Ajin< ^at u Jly Queen Anne of glorious memory, intituled. An aft: for enlarging c. ,6. * and encouraging the Greenland trade, it is amongjl other things enabled, That from and after the firjl day of May in the year of our Lord one tboufand feven hundred and two, it Jhould and might be lawful for any of her Majejly's fubjefts whatfoever, that would adventure to Greenland for fijhlng of whales, to have and enjoy all the privileges that were granted to the faid company by the aforefaid aft of parliament, and Jhould not pay any further or other duty, than if they had been of the faid Greenland company; and that no harpi-neer or other foreigners, that were permitted by the faid aft for car-rying on the faid fijbery, Jhould be imprejied for her Majejly's fer-vice: and whereas by one other aft of parliament made in the Jaid firjl year of her faid late Majejly Queen Anne, the faid duty of three l£nn% c,lu pence per pound on whale-fins caught as aforefaid, is continued, and l%

Jince. made payable to her Jaid Majejly, her heirs and fuccejfors, for ever, for the purpofes in the fame aft preferibed and dire fted, fubjeft to fiuh proyifoes and powers of redemption, as are in and by the Jaii aft contained and preferibed, of and eoncerning the fame, as by the faid feveral afts, relation being had to them refpeftively, more at large may appear: and whereas notwithfianiing the great privileges granted by the feveral afts of parliament aforefaid, the fijbing in the Greenland feas hath been entirely neglefted by bis Majejly's fubjefts, and is like to continue fo, as long as the duty aforefaid is payable upon whale-fins taken and caught in the faid feas, by Jhips belonging to bis Majefly's fubjefts; and in regard that the permitting his Maje-fly's fubjefts to import oil, blubber and whale-fins taken and caught in See $ Geo.*• the faid feas, without paying any duties for the fame for 4 competentc* **• time, may very much contribute to the regaining the faid Greenland 6	c*33>

trade, a?id will encourage the navigation, and pronqote the confumption tf the manufaftures of this kingdom: wherefore may it pleafe your Majefty, that it may be enafted, &c.

After %$ December 1714. Britifh fubjefts may import whale-fins, oil and blubber, cuftom free, for (even years. Matter to fwear that the whale-fins,

Ac. were caught in Greenland leas by the crew of the (hip, and navigated according to Taw. By 11 Geo. v. c. 16. (fcft. 7. The benefit of this aft is extended to Davis'jfreights* EXP.	,

CAP. XVII.

An a£l for continuing alls for preventing theft and rapine up* on the Northern borders of England ; and for better regulating of, pilots; and for regulating the price and- affix* of bread; and for better encouragement of the making of fail-cloth in Great Britain.

WHEREAS the laws herein after mentioned (which have by experience been found ufeful and beneficial) are near expiring ; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enadl-?r)d be it $na$ed by the King’s moil excellent majefty. by

M3

Anno decimo Gcorgii I. c. 17.	[1723*

The aft i j &

i4.Car.2. c.2z. continued for

11

12 C. 10.

24.Gco.i.c.57

Aft 3 Geo. 1.

and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That an aft made in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft for preventing theft and rapine upon the Northern borders ^England, which by an aft made in the twelfth years. ycar rc*?n her ^atc Majefty Queen Anne, intituled. An Ann. (tat. 1. aft for continuing the afts therein mentioned, for preventing theft and rapine upon the Northern borders of England, was continued, and is now near expiring, (hall be, and is hereby further continued, and (hall be in force, from the expiration thereof, for eleven years.

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That c.13. forregu- an aft made in the third year of nis Majefty’* reign, intituled,

^ntmueldVor	*rT	9f ({? t *7 ^	Jhips

H years, Sccf ***“ vejfelsfrm Dover, Deal, and the Ifle of Thanet, upon the

9 f rivers of Thames and Medway, together with a claufe for further regulating the pilots of Dover, Deal, and the ifle of Thanet, yGeo.i.ftatt. contained in an aft pafled in the feventh year of his Majefiy’s c.*i.	reign, intituled. An aft for the further preventing his Majeftys

»3Geo.s.c.16. fobjefts from trading to the Eaft-Indies under foreign cmmtjftons, and for encouraging and further fecuring the lawful trade thereto, and further regulating the pilots of Dover, Deal, and the Ifle of Thanet, which is near expired, (hall be further continued, from the time of the expiration thereof, for the fpace of .eleven years, and from thence to the end of the then next fefCon of parliament.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That an aft pafled in the eighth year of the reign of her late Majefty Queen Anne, intituled, An aft to regulate the price and

mndnuoS^9 v bread, together with fuch alterations, as were made in feven years,	and by an aft pafled in the firft year of his prefent Majefty’g

fee.	reign, intituled. An aft for continuing feyeral laivs therein men-

iGeo.i.ftat.i. tioned relating to coals, hemp and flax, frilh and Scotch linen, and *’a *	the ajftze of bread; and for giving power to adjourn the quarter-

feffions for the county of Anglefea, for the purposes therein mention-5 Geo.i. c.»c which by an aft made in the fifth year of his prefent Maje-laGeo.i.c.46 ’ fty’s reign, intituled. An aft for continuing an aft made in the eighth ye'ir of the reign of the late S$ueen Anne, to regulate the price and ajftze of bread; aud for continuing the aft of the twelfth year of her jaid late Majefty9s reign, for the letter encouragement of the making of fail-cloth in Great Britain, was continued, and is now near expiring, (hall be further continued, from the expiration thereof for feven years, and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion of parliament.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid aft made in the twelfth year of her faid late Ma-

___ik. 1___________________________________________      r

Aft S Ann. c. 18. to regulate the

Aft 12 Ann. :at.r. c.16.

For encourag- jefty’s reign, for the better encouragement of the making of fail-cloth conti- c*oth m Great Britain, which by the faid laft recited a# of the pueil for feven fifth year of his prefent Majesty's reign, was continued for the year*. See. term of feven years, and from thence to the end of the next fef-*otieo.i.c.4$.	floj|

1723.] Annodccimo GeoRGIi I. C. i8.	i6j,

lion of parliament, be further continued, and lhall remain in full force for the term of feven years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament.

CAP. XVIII.	»

An all to explain and amend an ait faffed in tbe Jixtb year of bis Maiefty's reign, intituled. An aft for ascertaining the breadths, and for preventing frauds and abufes in manufafturing ferges, pladdings and fingrums, and for regulating the manufactures of (lockings, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, fo far as tbe fame relates to ferges.

WHEREAS an alt paffedin the Jixtb ytar of bis prefint Mu- 6 Geo.t. c.ij, jefly’s reign, intituled. An aA for afoertaining the breadths, and preventing frauds and abufes in manufacturing ferges, pladdings and fingrums, and for regulating the manufactures of ltockings, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland: and whereas notwithjlanding the provijim made by tbe faid alt, many diffuses have arifen thereupon, and many frauds and abufes have Juice been committed by perfons employed in woriing and making of ferges, n Jelling and dijpofmg of the fame, to the great prejudice of trade

and commerce: for preventing whereof, and the better regulating the manufactures of ferges for the future; be it enaCted by the King’s molt excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent <?f the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame,

That from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thouland Alter *4 Jane feven hundred and twenty four, every piece of rock forge made >7H* tbe in Scotland, and white out of the loom, lhall be of the breadth and length herein after mentioned; that is to fay, thirty fix inches in breadth at leaft within the lift or felvage, and fixty rock ferge three yards in length; and that every half-piece of fuch love made inScot-Ihall be proportionable in length to a whole piece as aforefaid; !.*,**"’ and that all fuch pieces and half-pieces of ferge lhall be taken™" * up in folds, or a foft roll, and lhall not be ftretched by hard rolling; and no white broomed or tarted wool lhall be wrought or , mixed together, but that each piece lhall be wrought up of one and the lame fort, without any other kind of mixture whatfoe-ver; and that the fame lhall be equally worked, and of the fiune finenefs from one end of the piece to the other: and that every piece of rock and wheel ferge lhall be made of equal good-	.

nefs and ftrength, and (hall be of the breadths and lengths fol-	•

lowing; that is fay, a Scotch ell in breadth at leaft, and forty ^ two Scotch ells in length; and that every piece of ferge, commonly called the ftrapping or narrow fort, lhall be three quar- strapping or ters of a Scotch ell in breadth, and forty two Scotchs ell in length; narrow tort, and that every half-piece of each fort of the laft mentioned ferges lhall be proportionable in length to a whole piece, and none of the forges before mentioned lhall be made or wrought of un-fcoured yarn*

M*	.	II.	And

*i68	\Anno	decimo	GeorgiiI. c. 18.	[1723;

The magi- * II. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, {^atcs °* headIThat the magidrates of the chief or head boroughs royal of eve-make a (lamp, rY ^‘re* county or ftewartry in Scotland refpc&ivdy (who are and appoint a hereby declared to be foie judges 'within their refpe&ive bounds ft amp-mailer., and jurifdidtions, of all pains and penalties herein after mentioned) {hall be and are hereby impowered, from time to time, to make or caufe to be made, a (lamp of (lamp? bearing the arms of the refpc&ive boroughs, and (hall appoint one or more fit perfon or perfons to infpeCt and damp all fuch ferges as are 'before mentioned, as (hall be brought to be damped, of the lengths, breadths and qualities as aforefaid, which perfon or perions fo nominated ana appointed, (hall before he or they (hall be admitted into the office of (lamp-mader, be obliged, and he and they are hereby required, to take an oath de fidelt, and (hall likewife give fuch Security for his faithful and due execution of the faid office, in fuch manner, and in fuch a penalty, as the faid 'magidrates (hall direCl and appoint.

Refufing to III. Provided and be it ena&ed, That in cafe the perfon or execute that perfons, as (hall be fo appointed (lamp- mailer or damp-mafters, °?Cft/i^Clt8 w*t^out any lawful excufe to be allowed by two or more 51. iterling. juft;ces Qf the peace of the refpe&ive counties, or the major part of the town council of the refpe&ive boroughs, negleCl or refufe to aft and execute the faid office, fuch perfon and perfons (hall refpe&ively forfeit and pay fuch fine or fines for fo neglecting or refufing to alt and execute the faid office, as the faid judices, or any two or more of them* or the majoi part of the town council of the refpe^ive boroughs, (hall fet Upon him or them, not exceeding the fum of five pounds fter-* ling for every fuch negleft or refuial.

The juftices in fy. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. toaprofo^a* That the judices of the peace (hall, in their refpeclive counties damp. and dewartries, or in cafe they (hall ms^ke default, the commif-(ioners of fupply (hall be and are hereby impowered and required, from time to time, at their quarterly fefiions to be holden by the faid judices, or annual meetings of the faid commiflion-ers in Scotland, to appoint a damp or damps to be made arid kept for the purpofes aforefaid, at fome proper place where fuch ferges are fold, within the refpe&ive counties, as the faid judices of the peace, or commiffioners of fupply, (hall think proper. No ftamp-ma- V. And be it further enadled. That no damp-madcr fo ap-lter to traffick pointed as aforefaid (hall for himfelf, or by tiny other perfon or in ferges, or perfons, trade, traffick, buy, fell, difpofe of, or damp, any ftampthem, fuch ferges, which are not made of well forted yam, equally per lengths^0* wrought, and of equal finenefs from one end of the piece to the breadths, and other* and of fuch breadths, lengths, and qualities as afore-qualities. • faid, he or they fo negleCling or offending therein, (hall forfeit penalty. and pay for every piece of fuch ferge the fum of twenty (hillings derling, and (hall be made incapable of ferving in fuch office for the future; and if any perfon or perfons (hall, after the faid twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty four, affix any damps, without the authority aforefaid, ' ' ''	-% *	'	~	'	or

«7*3-U

Anno dedmo Georgii I. c. 18.

i$9

or (hall counterfeit the fame, fuch perfon or perfons fo offending (hall refpedively forfeit the fum of five pounds fterling, or fuffer fix raon&s iuiprifonment, if found infolvent.

VI.	And be it* further enaded by the authority aforefaid. Weaver* tq That all weavers, and fuch other perfon or performs, as (hall

work and make ferges for fale a9 aforefaid, (hall and they are (Um|Loffice% hereby required to carry, or caufe the fame to be carried to the be fealed. ftamp-office, there to be infpeded and fealed by the ftamp or feal-mafter, to whom they (hall pay the fum or pne (hilling of Scoth money for fealing or damping of each piece, and no more. The price of • and half-part thereof for any half-piece; and if any perfon or f^W perfons whatfoever (hall fell and deliver, buy and receive, transport or export, of expofe to fale, any fuch ierges, without tiav* ing a (lamp fo affixed thereto, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of twenty (hillings fterling; and the goods fo found without the Serges not ftamp fo affixed, (hall alfo be confiscated, the one moiety (hall fealed forfeit, go and be to the informer, and die other moiety to tbe ufe of ®d,andso*. die ftamp-office, to be difpofed of as the magiftrates (hall dined and appoint.

VII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. Penalties oq That if any weaver or weavers, or other perfon or perfons what- weavers workr foever, (hall make, work, or caufe to be made or wrought any ^foiSble^ of the ferges before mentioned, not conformable, or contrary to ^hef^regu^ the regulations and reftridions aforefaid, and (hall offer the fame lations.

to be fealed, the pwners of fuch ferges fo offered to be fealed,

(hall refpedively forfeit and pay the fum of twenty (hillings fterling, and the faid ferges fo offered to be fealed, (hall be con-fifeatedj and (hall be di(pofed of in fuch manner, and to fuch jifes, as the faid juftices, or any two or more of them, or the (aid magiftrates (hall order and dired; and fuch weavers or manufacturers, as (hall make fuch ferges, or caufe the fame to be ’ made, (hall alfo pay the value of fuch ferges fo made, to the owners thereof refpedively, befides the fum of twenty (hillings fterling dire&ed to be paid as a fine as aforefaid.

VIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. Deans of gildf That the deans of gilds of thefeveral head boroughs of the P^g*8 refpedive counties (hall, and they are hereby appointed to be And AeyUfnd the foie judges within the refpedive boroughs; and the faid the proprfe- ‘ dean of gild, with the heretors or proprietors of all and every tors of fairs publick fair or market, or any having their authority, are here- iowdy P^ges,

. by declared jointly judges of the offences committed againft this prefent ad; and in default of the faid dean of gild, or of the faid mailer of the fair and market, or their deputies, that either of the faid judges (hall be foie judges of fuch offence committed in fuch places, villages, fairs and markets, where the faid ferges (hall be vended or expofed to fale as aforefaid, to and for all and every the intents and purpofes hereby fpeciiied and contained touching the fame.

IX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. Weavers not That al) weavers, and other workers and makers of fuch ferges worHing

as aforefaid, for (ale, who (hall negled to work or make the faid -.......................................................... ferges

Anno derimo Gsorgii I. c. 18.

1*7*3-

tan*, or not forges according to the regulations aforefaid, or lhall negledl or bringing the	to bring the fame to die ftamp-office to be foaled, as is

<u£^!5i;7ic hereby directed, and (hall be thereof convided by the oaths of or not paying two or more credible witnefles, or by the oath of the perfon

£

three

Merchants altering the number of ells marked on

: paying

the penalty, profecuted, as the judge or judges (hall fee caufe, and fo (hall hL*^	of	any	of the offences aforefaid, or refufe or ne-

dSbeftorun. 8*®* to PaY anY penalties and forfeitures by him incurred, by ifonmeat * reafon or means of this prefent ad, then it (hall and may be lawful to and for the judge or judges refpeCtively, before whom fuch conviction (hall be made, (and fuch judge or judges are hereby required) to iffue out one or more warrant or warrants, under his or their hands and feals, to the refpeCtive officer or officers, or to the conftable of the town or place where fuch offender doth inhabit, or can be found, within the limits of their refpeCtive jurisdictions, to levy the fame by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods, returning the overplus (if any be) to the offender, and in cafe no fucb diftrefs can be found, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch judge or judges to commit the offender to the houfe of correction, or gaol of the county or corporation, there to detain and keep fuch offender or offenders for and during fuch time, as the judge or judges before whom fuch convidion fhall be made) (hall direCt ahd appoint, not exceeding the fpace of three months for any one offence.

X.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That if any merchant, or other perfon whatfoever, in any county or royal borough within that part of Gnat Britain called Scotland, each piece, fhall before or at the time of tranfporting any ferges, pladding, forfeit 5I. for or fingrums, whether to foreign ports or coaftwife, cancel or each piece, alter the number of ells marked upon each piece, according to the fettled ufe and practice concerning the fame, every fuch offender, for each piece of ferge, pladding or fingrum, whereof the mark (hall be fo cancelled or altered, (hall forfeit the fum of five pounds fterling, one moiety to the informer, the other moiety to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, to be recovered in the fame manner, as the other penalties inflicted by this aCt, or by the laid recited aCt of the fixth year of his Majefty’s reign, are to be recovered, or (hall fuffer tnree months imprifonment for every fuch offence, if infolvent.

Fhymm XI. Provided alway. That nothing in this aCt contained (hall deen Eamfr* ** con®ruc<*t0 make any alteration in the lengths or breadths ftc.	t^le ferges, commonly called fingrum and fingrum-wheeling

* forges, manufactured in the (hires of Aberdeen, Bamf or Mur-ray, but that the fame (hall remain as they are fettled by former laws and aCts of parliament; any thing in this prefent aCt contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

Profecotion to XII. Provided always, and be it enaCted, That the penalties be within 60 and forfeitures incurred or inflicted for any offence againft this of- aCt, (hall be fued for and profecuted within fixty days after the fence commit- offences (hall be committed or difeovered, and not afterwards; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP.

1723*] Anno dedmo Georgii I. c. 19.	171

CAP. XIX.

An a8 far explaining the law concerning the trial and ad-mffion of the ordinary lords of fejfion.

WHEREAS the nomination and-appointment of the lords of the court of fejfion in Scotland, is an inherent prerogative of tbs crown, and his Majefty is mojl defirous that nont Jbotcld bo lords of ftffon, hut perfons of known probity and undemanding in the laws, and fuch as are duly malified according to the feveral fta-tales for that purpofe made; therefore, for the attaining of thefo good ends, and for the more plain and eafy execution of the laws in this behalf already made, be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That when an or. when any ordinary place (hall be vacant in the faid court of fef- dinar? (dace (ion, the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceilbrs, (hall notni- (hall be vacant nate and appoint thereto a perfon qualified according to an ad made in Scotland in the fixth parliament of King James the Sixth, t0 no_ intituled, Anent the admiffton of the ordinary lords of the fejfion, and minate a ner-reformation of certain abufes therein; and according to another Con qualified, act made in Scotland in the twelfth parliament of King James the Sixth, intituled, Anent the jurifdUtion, prefentation, qualities and age of the lords of fejfion ; and according to the articles of • union of the two kingdoms of England and Scotland; and the The qualifies, qualifications of fuch perfon fo nominated and appointed, may tionstobeex. be examined, and (hall be tried by the ordinary lords of the amined by the court of feflion only; and if the perfon fo nominated (hall on.®^*1^'or^* fuch examination be found duly qualified according to the a& °nly‘ and articles aforefaid, then they mail forthwith admit and receive him to fuch ordinary place; but if on fuch examination IftheyobjeA the faid ordinary lords of feflion (hall be of opinion, that there *?* *Jj* UU*J‘-is juft ground to objeft to the qualifications of the perfon norni- are nated as aforefaid, in every fuch cafe the faid lords of feflion are mit the m»»-hereby required with all convenient fpced, to tranfmit and cer- ter to the tify the whole matter to his Majefty, his heirs and fucecflbrs. King* in order that the royal pleafure may be finally had thereupon; and if his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors (hall afterwards fig- if the nify under the fign manual the royal will and pleafure, that the (ignify that the perfon fo nominated (hall be admitted and received into the faid perfonfealjbe place, in fuch cafe the lords of feflion are hereby required i^^Vq,aU ad-forthwith to admit and receive him accordingly: but if his Ma- «y> hjm. jeftv, his heirs and fucceflors, after fuch examination as afore-(aid, (hall fee caufe fuflicient not to admit the perfon fo norni- ™' ft* caufe nated, it (hall and may be lawfiil for his Majefty, his heirs and n^o admit fucceflors, from time to time, to nominate feme other perfon him, he it to in manner aforefaid, ftill fubjedt to fuch examination and final, nominate an-determination concerning the feme, gs is heron before ena&ed other" and declared.

II.	And be it further enaAed by the authority aforefaid, That When the four whenever the places pf the four prefentextrsordinary lords of KdfoSrv'iords

feflion,

offeflkm Audi become va-.cant, no pre-• fentation (hall be made by the King to fuppiy (uch yacancy.

1

Anno decimo Georgii I. c.20*	[1723.

foffion, or the place or places of any one or more of them, at any time or times hereafter fhall become vacant, no prefcntation or nomination of any perfon or perfons whatfoever fhall be made by his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, to fupply fuch vacancy or vacancies; and if any fuch prefentation or nomination fhall at any time hereafter happen to be made, the fame is hereby ^eclated to be null and void; any thins to the contrary thereof contained in an a& made in the fifth parliament of King James the Fifth, concerning the authority of the chancellor and lords, or any other law or ftatute to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP. XX.

/#« all for the Utter viewing, fearcbing and examining of fill drugs, medicines, waters, oils, compofitions, ufed or to be ufed for medicines in all places where the fame fhall be expofed to fale, or kept for that pttrpofe, within the city of London and fuburbs thereof ’. or within feven miles circuit of the faid city.

_ 4.	.	XT7HEREAS	King	Henry	the Eighth, by his letters patent

Mtwtlff H?S. * * under the great feal, bearing date at Weftminfter the twenty to the college* third day of September in the tenth year qf his reign, for the com-Iff phyiicians. won wealth of this realm, in due exercifing and proofing of the fa-culty of phyfick, and good miniftration of medicines to be had, did eretl, found and efiablijh a college, commonalty or incorporation of phyfectans in the city of London, to be, remain and have exiftence for ever; and by the fame letters patent did further give and grant unto John Chambre, Thomas Linacre, Ferdinando de Victoria, Nicholas Halfewel, John Francis and Robert Yaxley, then learn* od, difereet and profound pratlifers in the faculty of phyfick in the faid city of London, that they and all of the faid faculty of phyfick of and in the faid tity, Jhould for ever thenceforth be in name and need one body, and perpetual eommomlty or eollege; and further by the fame letters patent did give and grant unto the faid college and commonalty full power, ability and authority for ever, annually to cleft and make one of the faid college or commonalty to be prefident of thefaid college or commonalty,for the taking care and governing there* of for that year-, and that the fame prefident, college or commonalty jhould have perpetual fuccejjion, and a common feal for the fervice of the faid prefident and commonalty for ever; and by the fame Utters patent didalfo further give and grant unto the faid prefident, college and commonalty, and their fiuccejfors, that they the faid prefident, col-lege or commonalty, and their JucceJfors, might lawfully, and without danger, make among themftlves lawful ajfemblies, and fiatutes, and ordinances, for the good government, over feeing and correcting of tho faid college or commonalty, and of ail men exercifing the fame faculty ip the faid city, or lyithift /even miles circuit thereof as necejftty Jhould require, when and as often as there Jhould be occafion \ and that none Jhould exercife the faid faculty in the faid city, or within feven ptiles circuit thereof unfefs hcenfed thereinto fy the faid prefident an$

' * ’ '	’	’1	‘	cotn7 .

1723.] Annodfiamo<jEOROIti. c.2d.	*73

torhmonalty, or tbtir futtejfm fbr the time being, by the tetters rf the fame prefident ana college, Jealed with their common feal, under, the penalty of one hundred Jbillings for every month in which he Jbould exeriifi the foldfaculty without being fo licenfed, half thereof to be applied to his Jaid Maiefty and his heirs, and half to the faid prefident and college; and by the fame letters patent did further grant.

That four perfons Jbould every year be cbofen by the faidprefident and, college for the time being, and their fuueffors forever, who Jbould have the fujervifing and fearching, correcting and governing of all and every the ppyftcians of the faid city ujing the faculty of phyftck in the fame city, and other foreign pbyjtcians whomsoever, tn any man-* ner ufing and praftifing that faculty .of phyftck within the faid city, and the fuburbs thereof, or within feven fniles circuit of the fame city, and the pumjhing of them for their offences in not well executings prafiiftng or ufing that faculty; and alfo the fupervifing and fearcb-ing of all manner of medicines, and the receipts thereof , to be givens adminiftred and applied by the faid phyficians, or any of them, to the faid King's fubjefis, for the curing and healing of their infirmities\ when and as often as there Jbould be occafion, for the benefit and advantage of the faid fubjefis, fo that the punijbment of Juch phjficianS, ufing the faid faculty of phyftck, fo offending in the premijfes, might be executed by fines, amerciaments, imprifonments of their bodies, and by other fit and reafonable ways: and whereas in the parliament held at London the fifteenth day of April in the fourteenth year of the reign of the faid King Henry the Eighth, and from thence adjourn- 14 H. I. c. f. ed to Weftminfter the lafi day of July in the fifteenth year of the reign of the fame King, and there held, reciting, That forafmuch as the making the faid corporation was meritorious, and very good for the commonwealth of the realm, it was enabled. That the faid corporation of the faid commonalty and fellowship of the faculty of phyftck aforefaid, and all and every grant, articles and other thing contained and Jpecified in the faid letters patent, Jbould be approved, granted, ratified and confirmed in the fame parliament, and clearly authorized and admitted by the fame good, lawful and available to the faid body politick, and their fuueffors for ever, in as ample and large manner as may be taken, thought and confirued by the fame: and whereas by one other aft of parliament made in the thirty fecondyear of the reign Recital of aft of the faid King Henry the Eigth, intituled. For phyficians and 3»&«8.c. 40; their privileges, it is amongfl other things enabled, ordained and ejlablijhed for the common wealth and fiurety of the fubjefis of this realm. That the prefident for the time being, commons and fellows of the faid corporation, and their fuueffors, might yearly, at fiuch time as they Jbould think moft meet and convenient for the fame, elefi and choofe four perfons of the faid commons and fellows of the befi learned, wifefi and mofi difcreet, fiuch as they Jbould think convenient, and have experience in the faid faculty of phyfick\ and that the faid four perfons fo defied and chofen, after a corporal oath to them mimfired by the faid prefident, or his deputy, Jbould and might, by virtue of that afi, have full authority and power, as often as they Jbould think meet and convenient, to enter into the houfe or houfes of all and every apothecary then, or at any time then after, ufing the myfiery or

craft

*74

. Anno dedmo GkoRGH I. C.20.	[1715.

rr^/? ^ apothecary within tbi faii city, only to fearch,	yk

y!w& apothecary wares, drugs and fluff, as the apothecaries or any of them had, or at any time then after Jbould have in their houfe or boufes9 and all fucb wares, drugs and fluffs as the jaid four perfont jbould then find defective, corrupted and not meet nor convenient to be miniftred in any medicines for the health of man’s body, the fame four perfons, calling to them toe wardens of the faid myfiery of apothecaries within the find city for the time being, or one of them, Jbould taufe to be burnt or otberwife dejlroy the fame, as they Jbould think meet by their dlfcretion; and if the faid apothecaries or any of them, at any time then after Jbould obftinately or willingly refuft or deny the faid four perfons yearly elefted and chofen, as is aforefaid, to enter into their faid houfe or houfes for the caufes, intent and purpofe be* fore rehear fed 5 that they and every of them fo offending, contrary to the faid lajl recited aft, for every time that he or they Jbouldfo offend, to forfeit one hundred /hillings i the one half to bis MajeJly, and the other half to him that Jbould fue for the fame, by aftion of debt, bill, platnt or information, in any of the King’s courts, wherein no wager of law, effoin or protection jbould be allowed: and whereas by one	m™e tn Jear re**n $&*** Mary, in-

c§tituhd. An a<ft touching the corporation or the phyficiansin London, it is amongfi other things enafted, for the better execution of the fearch and view of poticary wares, drugs and compofitions, according to the tenour of the faid Jlatute, made in the thirty fecond 31 & i, c.4* year of the reign of the faid King Henry the Eighth, That it Jbould be lawful for the wardens of the grocers, or one of them, to go with the faid pbyftciaus in their view and fearch, and that if the faid warden or wardens Jbould refufe or delay his or their coming thereunto forthwith and immediately, when the Jdid prefident, or four of his eollege eleft as of ore faid, Jbould call upon him or them, that then the faid pbyfuians might and Jbould execute that fearch and view, and the due pumjbment of the poticaries for any of their evil and faulty jtitff, according to the Jlatute therein lajl before mentioned, without the ajn/lance of any of the find wardens; any claufe in the faid therem aforenamed Jlatute to the contrary thereof notwithfianding: and every fucb perfon or perfons, as would or Joould reftfl fucb fearch, Jbould r	forfeit for every Juch reftjlance ten pounds, the fame penalty to be

recovered in the manner tn the fame aft mentioned\ and it is thereby further enafted. That all jufiices, mayors, Jheriffs, bailiffs, conjlables and other minijlers and officers within the city and precinfts above written, upon requejl to them made, Jbould help, aid and affijl the prefident of the faid college, and all perfons by them, from time to time, authorized for the due execution of the faid afts or Jlatutes, upon pain for not giving of Jitch aid, help and affijlance, to run in contempt of the Queen’s majefiy, her heirs and fucceffors, as by the faidfeveral recited Jlatutes may appear.

II.	And whereas it has been found by experience. That the faid fe-veral recited Jlatutes, and the.powers thereby given to the faid college of phyficians, and fucb four per Jons chofen by them as aforefaid, have been very beneficial to the fubiefts of this realm; but ncvertbelefs divers other apothecaries% dwelling in the fuburbs of the faid city,

and

Anno undecimo Georgii I. c. r.

and in places in the country within jeven mbs circuit of the fame city > and alfi divers other porfons, as well as apothecaries9 inhabiting within the Jaid city of London, or [even miles circuit of the fame city, do feu drugs, bits, waters ana compofitions ufed or to he ufed for medicines, which ought to he viewed, fearcbed and examined, as well as thofe prepared and fold hy the apothecaries, and the want of fufficient powers for that purpofe may he very detrimental to the health e£ his Majeflfs fuhjetls: for remedying whereof, be it enaded.

The cenfors of the college, calling to their affiftance the wardens of the apothecaries, may in the day-time enter into any apothecaries, dec. (hop within feven miles of London, to examine the medicines, and may deftroy all drags, Sec. not meet to be ufed in medicine. If the (aid wardens re* fide to go with the cenfoi j, then they may execute their power without them. If the cenfors adjudge any medicines to be defective, and any per* Ion appeal to the prefident and fellows, the cenibrs are to eaufe the drugs. See. and their reafons for condemning them, to be put into a box, and carried to the college. An aiTembly of the prefident and fellows to be fum-moned within 14 days, who are to examine die drugs. See. and finally determine. If the cenfors Judgment be confirmed, the drugs, See. to be burnt before the owner's door. If the aflembly do not confirm the cenfors Judgment, the drugs to be returned to the place where they .were found. Kefifting fearch forfeits iol. General iffoe. Not to extend to medicines made by virtue of any letters patent. Perfons cenfured by the cenfors, may appeal to the prefident and fellows, whofe judgment (hall be final. Continuation for 3 years. See.

175

AnnoRegnt GEORGII I. Regis Magrut Britannia, Francice Hibernia, undecimo.

AT the parliament begun and boldtn at Wdhninfter^ , the ninth day of October, Anno Domini one tbou-fand feven hundred and twenty two, in the ninth year of the reign of our fovereign lord GEORGE, by tie Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. And from theme continued by fevered prorogations to the twelfth day of November one tboufand feven hundred and twenty four •, being the third feffion of this prefent parliament.

CAP. I.

An aft for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land-tax to be raifod ia Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one tboufand feven hundred twenty five. EXP. %t. in tbc Pound.

fee the application of the furplus arifing from this a&, foe ts Geo. s. f. *. (eft. 16.

% CAP.

« & 6 Ed. 6. tii6.

Ann© undecimo Georgii I. ,c. a/;	[i 7247

CAR II.

A5* aQ for indemnifying the majiers in chancery, upon ibdr difiovering what Consideration, price, or gratuity they paid or agreed to pay for the purcbafe of, or for their admiffion to their tefpeftive offices.

WfiERE A$ then is good ground and reafon to believe > that great fums of money have of late years been paid for the pur-chafe of the offices of the maflers of the court of chancery; and whereas it may be difficult to obtain proper evidence of the buying and felling of the faid offices, by reafon of the aft of parliament, made in the fifth and fixth years of the reign of King Edward the Sixth, againjt the buying^ and felling of offices, whereby the fate of any of the offices therein mentioned is made and, enafted to be a forfeiture of fuel) office, and the buyer thereof is difabled to havey occupy, or enjoy the Jame: to the end therefore that it may be difeovered, whether any, and which of the prefent maflers of the court of chancery hath or have obtained his or their faid office or offices by pur-. Chafe, fee, money, or other. gratuity, and of whom, and for what fum or fums of money refpeftively; be it eha&ed by the King’s moll excellent friajefty; by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, iiY this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the lame. That fuch of the prefent maflers of the court or chancery, as (hall futty-and truly difeover and difdofe, upon his or their being examined or interrogated for that j>urpofe, before either of the houfesof parliament,' or dorfimittee or either houfe,* or the high court of chancery, courts of King’s bench, common pleas, or exchequer refpeCtivefy, That he or they was or werfc admitted, or that he or they came into his or their faid office or offices by purchafe, or for the confederation of any fum of mg-ncy, or gratuity, or upon any promife or agreement to give or allow any fum or fums of money, or other gratuity whatfoever, and (hall likewife fully and truly difeover and difclofe the name or names of the perlon or perfons, of whom he or they fo bought his or their faid office or offices, or with whom he made fuch promife or agreement, and the fum or fums of money, of other gratuity by him or them paid or promifed or agreed to be paid or allowed to fuch perfon or perfons refpeftively, as and for the purchafe of the fame office or offices, or for his or their admiffion thereinto, (hall be, and is ai>d are hereby pardoned, indemnified, and difeharged of and from all manner of forfeiture of the laid office or offices, or other punifhment for or by reafon of his or their purchafe of the fame, or for giving, or promifing, or agreeing to give or allow any fum of money or other gratuity tor the lame, or for being admitted thereintoj and (hall be, and is and are hereby refpe&ively enabled and made capable to have, hold, occupy, and enjoy his or their faid office or offices, and (hall and may have, hold, occupy and enjoy the fame, notwithftanding fuch faid forfeiture, in the fame

man-

i

1724-1 Anno undccim© GEorgii t. c. ^

inanner, to all intents and purpofes, as he or they could ot might have had, held, occupied, and enjoyed the fame office or offices, in cafe he or they had not bought, or promifed, or-agreed to pay, give or allow any Turn of money, or other gratuity for the feme, or in cafe the feid aft of parliament of the fifth and fixth years of the reign of King Edvfard the Sixth, a-gainft the buying and felling of offices, had never been made: the feid aft dr parliament, or any thing therein contained, or any other law or ftatute to the contrary thereof in any wife not-Withftanding.

CAP. IIL

An 03 to enable the pier-wdrdetis of the, town of Margat, in the county of Kent, more effeBually to recover the ancient and accufiomary droitfor the fupport and maintenance of • the faid pier.

XXZBtEREAS the. ancient town of Marjgat, in the county of VV Kent, hath time out of mind had a pier and harbour, very commodious and of gfeat benefit and advantage to tfie trade and navigation of this lingdom, in the prefervntion of Jhips and mdrineri in Jlomts and Jlrefs of weather, and from enemies in times of war, • and alfo very convenient for the exporting and importing many forts of commodities: and Whereas (the fafetp of the Jaid town of Mar-gat and of all the neighbouring country depending upon the preferva-tion of the faid pier and harbour) there hath, for and towards the maintenance and prefervation thereof been, time immemorial, paid to the pier-wardens, or their deputies for the time being, certain droits* commonly called poundage and lafiage, and other rates or duties (which have been confirmed by the orders and decrees of the lords wardens of the cinque ports) and without the due payment thereof the faid pie? and harbour muji inevitably fall io decay, to the utter ruin of thi inhabitants of the fdid town and of all the neighbouring country, and to the great prejudice of the trade and navigation of this kingdomi And whereas it is neceffary to make more effectual provifion, as well for recovery of the find droits and rates or duties aforefaid, and fit enforcing due payment thereof in cafe of refufal or ndn-payment, as alfo for bettet fecuring the faid pier and haroour: may it therefore pleafe your moft excellent Majefty, that it may be enafted, &c.

The ancient droits for maintenance of Margarpier continued. Pier-wardens to chufe collc&ori. Pier-Wardens yearly to audit colle&ors accounts. Warden of the cinque ports, See. may be prefent at the audit. Pier-wardens, &c. guilty of embezilraent, may dc complained of in the admiralty of the cinque ports. The judge of that court may examine the matter of the . complaint, and award treble the fum embeziled, &c. Pier-wardens, Sec. may enter into any veflel to demand the duty. Pier-wardens may furamon matters of (hips to be examined. Penalty on mailers not appearing. See. sol. The money collected to be laid our for fupport of Margat pier. Pier-wardens to prevent annoyances in the harbour.

CAP.

Vot. XV.



I7S

Anno unclecimo Georgii 1. c.4; ’	[1724;

CAP. IV,

An aS for 'preventing the inconveniences arijing for want of eleQions of mayors or other chief magijlrates of boroughs. or corporations being made upon the days appointed by charter or ujage for that purpofe, and direfttng in what man-, ner fucb eleSlions Jhall be afterwards made.

1 TXT HERE AS in many cities boroughs and towns corporate VV within that part of Great Britain called England, Wales and Berwick upon Tweed, the eleftion of the mayor, bailiff-or bailiffs, or other chief officer or officeri, is by charter or ancient ufage confined to a particular day or time, without any provifton how to off or proceed, in cafe no eleftton be then made\ and it frequently happens, that by fuch charter or ufage particular afls are required to be done at certain times, in order to and for the completing of fuch elections, and by the contrivance or default of the perfon or perfons who ought to hold the court, or prejide in the affmbly where fuch elections are to be made, or fuch afts to be done, or by accident, it hath fome-times happened, and may frequently do fo, if not timely prevented, That no courts or affemblies have been held, or elections made, or fuch adds done within the time fixed for that purpofe; in which cafes, if tle&ims of fuch officers could not afterwards be made or completed, or in confequence of fuch omiffion the corporation Jbould be diffolved, great mifehiefs might enfue: for remedy and prevention whereof, be it cna&ed by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prelent parliament afTembled, and by the authority Where elec- of the fame, That if in any city, borough or town corporate tionformayors within that part of Great Britain called England, JPales and J?rr-°«otf,elfi,Cii^ w/rf upon Tweed, no election (hall be made of the mayor, bai-made ^ or bailiffs, or other chief officer or officers of fuch city, on the days borough or town corporate, upon the day or within the time ap-appointed by pointed by charter or ufage tor fuch ele&ion, or fuch ele&ion being made, (hall afterwards become void, whether fuch omiffion or avoidance (hall happen through the default of the officer or officers who ought to hold the court, or prefide where fuch ele&ion is to be made, or by any accident or other means whatfoever, the corporation (hall not thereby be deemed or taken to be diflolvcd or difabled from ele&ing fuch officer or of-fromele£foei ®ccrs fbr	future: but in any cafe where no ele&ion (hall be

s made as aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful for the membera or perfons of fuch city, borough or corporation, who have But may meet rightto vote, or be prefent at* or to do any other a& neceflarj together at the to be done, in order to or for the completing of fuch ele&ioo, tu^-hall, ft* and they, or fuch of them as (hall not be hindred by any rea* on the day af- fonayc impediment or cxcufe, arc hereby required refpe&ively 9	to meet or aflemble together in the town-hall or other ufual

place of meeting for making fuch ele&ion, within fuch dty, borough or town corporate, upon the day next after the expiration of the time within which fuch elc&ion ought to have been made, unlefs fuch day (hall happen to be Sunday, and then up-vn the Mqnday following, between tho hours of ten in the morning

charter or ufage,

Corporation not difiolved or difabled

17^4*1	Annb undecimo GeoRGU I. C.4.'	179-

ing and two in the afternoon of the fame day; and that the members or perfons having right to vote at, or to do any other and proceed adt neceflary to be done in order to fuch election, or fuch of to cle&ion. them as (hall be fo aflembled or met together, (hall forthwith proceed to the election of a mayor, bailiff or bailiffs, or other chief officer or officers for fuch city, borough or corporation, and to do every adt neceflary to be done in order to or for the completing of luch election, in fuch manner as was ufual in, or in order to the election of fuch officer or officers, upon the day or within the time appointed by charter or ulage for fuch e-ledtion; and in cafe upon fuch day of meeting hereby appointed for fuch eledtion the mayor, bailiff or bailiffs, or other proper officer or officers, who ought to have held the court, or pre-fided at the affembly for fuch election, or doing any other adt neceflary to be done in order to fuch election, if the fame had been made or done on the day fixed, or within the time limited by charter or ufage for that purpofe, (hall be abfent, then fuch	^

other perfon having a right to vote, being the neareft then pre- neareft?nplace' Cent in place or office to the perfon or perfons fo abfenting him- may hold the felf or themfelves, (hall hold the court or prefide in the meet- court, ing or affembly hereby appointed, and (hall have the fame power and authority in all refpedts therein, as belongs to the mayor, bailiff or bailiffs, or other chief officer or officers of the lame city, borough or town corpftate, at any court or aflembly for	•

the election of officers for fuch place, or for doing any other act necefl6ry to be done in order to fuch eledtion.

II.	And it is hereby further enadted by the authority afore- if no eledtion faid, That if it (hall happen that in any city, borough or town bemade.orthe corporate within that part of Great Britain called England, election be-Wales and Berwick upon Tweed, no eledtion (hall be made of the ^™%Vbench mayor, bailiff or bailiffs, or other chief officer or officers of ^ay^awarS^a fuch city, borough or town corporate, upon the day or within Mandamusfor the time appointed by charter or ulage for that purpofe, and thatdedting. no eledtion of fuch officer or officers (hall be made, purfuant to the diredtions herein before preferibed, or fuch eledtion being made, (hall afterwards become void as aforefaid, in every fuen tafe it (hall and may be lawful for his Majefty’s court of King’s bench, upon motion to be made in the faid court, to award a writ or writs of Mandamus, requiring the members or perfons of fuch city, borough or town corporate, having a right to vote ftt, or to do any other adt neceflary to be done in order to fuch eledtion refpedtively, to aflemble themfelves upon a day and at a- time to be prefixed in fuch writ or writs, and to proceed to the eledtion of a mayor, bailiff or bailiffs, or other chief officer or officers, as the cafe (hall require, and to do every adt neceP-fary to be done in order to fuch eledtion, or to (ignify to the (aid court good caufe to the contrary, and thereupon to caufe fuch proceedings to be had and made, as in any other cafes of writk of Mandamus granted by the faid court fpr eledtion of officers of corporations, and of the day and time appointed in and by any . filch writ or writs of Mandamus for holding fuch affembly, pa-;fcfick notice in writing (hall, by fuch perfop as the faid court (hall be riven oftht

N 2	ap-elcSdon.

i8o

Anno undetimo Georgii I. c.4,'

Ci7a4*

appoint, be affixed in the market-place, or feme other publick place within fuch city, borough or town corporate, by the fpaco of fix days before the day fo appointed, and fuch officer or o-ther perfon refpe&ively (hall prefide in fuch aflembly, as ought to have prefided at the election of fuch mayor, bailiff or bailiffs, or other chief officer or officers, or at the doing any other a d neceflary to be done in order to fuch election, in cafe the fame had been made or done upon the day herein before pre-fcribed for that purpofe.

III.	And whereas in certain boroughs and towns corporate within that part of Great Britain called England, Wales and Berwick uppn Tweed, the mayor* bailiff or bailiffs* or other chief officer or officers* is or are to be nominated, elected or fworn at a court-leet or

Where mayors, &c. are to be nominated or

wuit-leet!&c. ****** °f fran*-pledge* or fome other court* and by reafon of the con

and' in default trivance or default of the lord or his Jleward* or fuch other officer of the lord or by or before whom fuch court ought to be held* in not holding the fame* Reward no cr by Jome accident* it hath happened and may hereafter happen* that court be held, no ^ue nomination* election or fwearing of fuch mayor* bailiff or bailiffs* or other chief officer or officers, hath been or Jhall be had or King's bench made: be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That in may award a every fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for his Maje-h^fd^^h*^1, court King’s bench, upon motion to be made in the court* fir laid court, to award a writ of Mandamus* requiring the lord or his fieward or other officer, by or before whom fuch court ought to be held, to hold or caufe to be holden fuch court-leet or other court, and to do every other ad neceflary to be done by him in ,	order to fuch nomination, dedion or fwearing, at fuch day and

time as (hall be for that purpofe judged proper by the faid court of'King's bench, and (hall be appointed in fuch writ, or to fig-. nify to the faid court good caufe to the contrary, and thereupon to caufe fuch proceedings to be had and made, as in other cafes . .	of writs of Mandamus granted by the faid court, for holding of

any court, and of the day and time appointed in and by any luch writ of Mandamus for holding fuch court, publick notice in writing (hall, by fuch perfon as the faid court of King's bench ihall appoint, be affixed in the market-place, or fome other publick place within fuch borough or town corporate, by the Space of fix days before the day fo appointed: and where a nomination of perfons in order to the election of any fuch mayor, bailiff or bailiffs, or other chief officer or officers, is to be made at fuch court-leet or other court, in eveiy fuch cafe,- after fuch nomination made, all and every other ad and ads neceflary to be done in order to fuch election, (hall be had, made and done at fuch aflembly, and in fuch manner and form, as the fame ought to have been had, made1 and done, in cafe fuch dedion had been made upon the day next after the expiration of the time prefcribed for fuch eledion by the charter or ufage of fuch bo-rough or corporation, according to the diredions herein before-mentioned.

Mayors, he. IV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

A>*feaed,fltall That the mayor, bailiff or bailiffs, or other chief officer or take the oaths	7	*

1724-] Anno undedmo Georgii I, G4.	181

fleers, who (hall be elefted purfuant to the direftions of this before the prew aft, (hall take the oath or oaths by law required at the time of ^inS officer,

- his admiflion into fuch office, before fuch officer who (hall pre-(ide at fuch election, in purfuance of this aft, who is hereby authorized and required to adminifter fuch oath or oaths\ and (hall have the fame privileges, precedence, powers and authorities in all refpefts, as any mayor, bailiff or bailiffs, or other chief of* fleer or officers of the fame city, borough or corporation, elected on the days or time fixed by charter or ufage tor that purpofe ought to have or enjoy.

V.	Provided always, That no fuch election, nor any aft No fuch elec-done in order thereunto, (hall be valid, unlefs as great a num- tion valid, un-ber of perfons, having right to be prefent at and vote therein,,cf# M 8rc?* (hall be prefent at the aliembly holden for fuch purpofe, and

concur therein, as would refpeftively have been neceflary to be concur, as re-prefent, and concur in fuch eleftion or aft in cafe the fame had quirtd by. . been made or done upon the day or within the time appointed charter, See. for that purpofe by the charter or ufage of fuch city, toroogh or corporation, faving only, that the prefence of the mayor, bailiff or bailiffs, or other chief officer or officers who ought to prefide, (hall not be neceflary.

VI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Mayors afo-That i/any mayor,bailiff orbailiffs,or other ^hief officer or officers

of any city, borough or town corporate (hall voluntarily abfent fuffer’impri-himfelf or themfelves from, or knowingly and defignedly pre- fonment for vent or hinder the eleftion of any other mayor, bailiff or other fix months, chief officer in the fame city, borough or town corporate, upon the day or within the time appointed by charter or ancient ufage lor fuch eleftipq, the perfon or perfons fp offending, being thereof lawfully convifted, (hall for every fuch offence fuffer impri*» fonment for the fpace of fix months without bail or mainpnze, and (hall be for ever difabled to take, hold or exercife any offipe belonging to the lame city, borough or corporation,

VII.	And be it further enafted by the aytfrority aforefaid. No corpora-That no corporation (hall be deemed or adjudged to be diflolv-

ed or difabled from elefting a mayor, bailiff or bailiffs, or other ™ omiffion * chief officer or officers, by reafon of any omiflion or default, already hap-which hath already happened in not nominating, elefting or fyrcar- pened. jng a mayor, bailiff or bailiffs, or other chief officer or officers of fuch corporation, upon the day or within the time limited for fuch nomination, eleftion or fwearing, by the charter or ufage of fuch corporation, or by reafon of the abfence of the mayor, bailiff or bailiffs, or other chief officer or officers who ought to have preiided at the aflembly for fuch nomination, eleftion or fwearing, or by reafon of fuch eleftion having become void as aforefaid, but every fuch corporation (hall be adjudged, deemed and taken to be and to have been fubfiffing and capable of elefting fuch officer or officers, to all intents and purpofes; any fuch omiflion, abfence, default or avoidance, or any defeft, difability or forfeiture arifing therefrom, in any wife notwith-

;l82

, This aft not to make void any charter,

nor to make good any elec* tion, where judgment of Ouitcr has been awarded fince lad day x>f Mich, tenn

Return to be made to the --iit ft writ of . Mandamus.

Anno undec&no Georgii I. c, 5,6, 7.'	[1764;

VIII.	Provided always. That nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to invalidate or make void any charter heretofore granted to and accepted by any city, borough or town corporate, or any corporation within the fame, or any of them, or any editions or aSts had, made or done in purfuance of any fuch charter; nor to make good the election of any officer or member, or of any perfon claiming to be an officer or member of any city, borough or corporation, againft whom any judgment of Qujier (hall have been entred or given upon any information in the nature of a £$uo Warranto, or whofe election (hall have been avoided upon any writ of Mandamus, on or before the laft day of Michaelmas term in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty four.

IX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That where any writ of Mandamus (hall iffue out of the court of King’s bench in any of the cafes aforefaid, the perfon or per-Tons to whom fuch writ (hall be directed, (hall make his or their return to the firft writ of Mandamus.

C A P. V.

a Geo. a. c.37 '• A.n*aft for enlarging the term granted by an aft made in the tenth year *	.	*	*	*37*	of	her	late Mayfly's reign, for amending and maintaining the road be-

tween Northflect, Gravesend* and RochelTer, in the county of Kent; and

for explaining the fame aft, and for appropriating part of the money anting thereby towards repairing the road between the town of Chatham and Boughton under the Biean, in the faid county of Kent.

By this aft the private aft of 10 Ann. c. 34. is continued from 6 June 1715, for 15 years. Continued by ii Geo. 1. c.37.

CAP. VI.

An aft for punching mutiny and defertion, and fbr the better payment of the army and their quarters. EXP.

as Car. s. c.4

C AP. VIL

An aft for rating fuch unrated goods and merchandizes as are ufualfy imported into this kingdom, and pay a duty ad valorem upon the oath of the importer; and for afeer-taining the value of all goods and merchandizes not iisfert-ed in the former or prefent book of rates; and for repealing certain duties upon drugs and rags; and for continuing the duty upon apples; and for afeertaimng the method of admeafuring of figures imported.

Mojl gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by the aft of tennage and poundage made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, a fub-Jidy tailed poundage was laid upon all manner of goods and merchandizes of every merchant, natural-born fubjeft, denizen and alien, to be brought into this realm, or any the dominions to the fame belonging, by way of merchandize, of the value of every twenty /billings _ of the fame goods and merchandizes, according to the fevtraf and par-' titular rates and values of the fame goods and merchandizes, as the fame are particularly and refpeftivefy rated and valued in the boeinf

2	rates

*724’] Anno undedmo Georgii I. c.7*	183

rates therein mentioned and referred onto (fuhfcribed with the band of Sir Harbottle Grimftone, baronet, then fpeaker of the bcufe of commons) twelve pence, and fo after that rate; in which book of rates it is provided. That if there Jhould happen to be brought into this realm any goods liable to the payment of cujlom and fubfidy, which either were omitted in the faid look, or were not then ufed to. be brought in, or by reafon of the great diverfity of the value of fome goods could not be rated; that in fuch cafe every cuftomer or collector for the time being Jhould levy the Jaid cujlom and fubfidy of poundage according to the value and pnce of fuch goods, to be affirmed upon the oath of the merchant in the prefence of the cuftomer, colleftor» comptroller and furveyor, or any two of them: and whereas a further Jubfidy of poundage, of twelve pence in the pound, was granted to his majefty King William the Third (of glorious memory) for his • life, by an all made in the ninth year of bis reign, upon all goods and 9 W. 3* c. 23. merchandizes imported (except fuch as fire therein excepted) which further fubfidy was again granted to her late majefty Queen Anne 1 Ann- ^at*,-for her life, by an all made in the firft year of her reign; and the c'7# faid further fubfidy was again granted to bis prefent Majefty for his life (which God long prtferve) by an alt made in the firft year of bis	ftat,2#

Majefiy's reign, with the like provifion with refpelf to any goods *

-imported that were not rated in the faid book of rates, as was made -touching thejike goods liable to the firft mentioned fubfidy of twelve pence in the pound, granted by the faid alt made in the twelfth'year ** Car. *. c.4. of King Charles the Second: and whereas by an alf made in the fc--tend year of her faid late Majefty another fubfidy of poundage was * Ann. c. 9. granted upon all goods and merchandizes imported (except as therein < it excepted) commonly called the one third fubfidy; and by an alf 3 Ann. c. 5. faffed in the third year of her faid late Majefty another fubfidy of poundage was granted upon all goods and merchandizes imported (except as therein is excepted) commonly called the two thirds fubfidy \ which Jaid feveral fubfidies of one third and two thirds are, by the refpeHivi alls which granted and continued the fame, to be paid in proportion to the faid further fubfidy granted by the faid alf of the ninth year of the reign of King William the Third, and fince con-tinned during his prefent Majefiy's life as aforefaid: and whereas by an all made in the fecond year of the reign of their late majefties 2 W. & M.

* King William and Queen Mary, an impojition (commonly called the *• old impofi) was laid on feveral goods and merchandizes therein mentioned, and it is provided. That where any duties upon goods and merchandizes therein granted are to be levied according to the value of the fame, where fuch goods or merchandizes are particularly rated in the faid book of rates, the value ftmll be underfioed and- taken according to fuen rate, and where, they are not particularly rated, the

-	value Jhall be taken by antf according to the oath of the importer, and not other wife (the duties impofed by the faid all not to he reckoned

■ into the value of the fame:) and whereas by an all made in the fourth 4w.& M. c.j, year of the reign of their faid late Majefties, an additional impofi was laid upon feveral goods and merchandizes therein mentioned according as the fame flood rated in the faid book of rates, and a\fo upon all.

-	goods and merchandizes imported not particularly rated in the faid

N 4	book

j8+	Anno	undecimo Georgii I. c.7.	[1724?

of rates, paying duty at value, five pounds for every one hundred pounds value thereof, to he affirmed upon the oath of the importer according to the direction of the faid book of rates (except mum, and fuch roods and merchandizes as were particularly charged by the faid aft of the fourth year of their faid late majejlies, or by the faid aft of the fecondyear of their faid late Majejlies reign:) and whereas by an aft made in the feventh year of the reign of his late majejly 7 W. 3. c. to. 'King William the Third, an additional duty of twenty five pounds per centum ad valorem was laid upon all goods of the growth\ ptoduft or manufafture of France imported (other than tho/e particularly rated) to be railed, levied, collefted and paid by fuch rule}, means and ways as are mentioned in the faid aft of tonnage and pounds si Car* i. c. 4. are made in the twelfth year of bis faid late majefiy King Charles the Second: and whereas by an aft made in the third year of tbs j Ann, c. 9. reign of her faid late majefiy jPiteen Anne, a further duty was granted after the rate of four pounds for every one hundred pounds value, for and upon all unrated drugs (dying drugs excepted) that Jhould be imported from any parts or places (other than the Eaft-Indies, Perfia, China, and other parts within the limits of the charters granted to the Eaft-India company) and that the values of fuch unrated drugs fimld be affirmed by the oaths of the importers of fuch drugs refpec-tively; all which afts, which granted the faid Jeveralfubfidies, commonly called the old fubfidy, the ony third fubfidy and two thirds fish-fidy (except the faid further fubfidy, which ts granted to his Majefiy during his life) as alfo the faid impofitions, additional duty on French goods, and the further duty upon unrated drugs, are by fever al fubfequent afts of parliament continued for ever, fubjeft to redemption by parliament: and whereas it has been found by experience, that the values of the feveral forts of goods ufually imported, and not rated in the faid book of rates, which are fworn to or affirmed by the importers, according to which the faid fubfidies and other duties are to bepaid, have been very unequal, feme per fins greatly undervaluing the fame, to the detriment of the revenue and difeouragement of the fair traders: now (for remedying the abufes aforefaid, and for putting trade on a more equal foot) we your faithful commons in parliament afTembled do befeech your Majefiy, that it may be enabled; and be it enabled by the King’s molt excellent Majefiy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi-* ritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament rating goodT a^mhled, and by the authority of the fame. That the feveral ad valorcmre- provifions aud claufes contained in the faid recited a&s and pealed after 25 book of rates before mentioned, for afeertaining the value of March 172$. goods or merchandizes imported according to the oaths or Affirmations of the importers, fo far as the fame relate to the particular goods and merchandizes mentioned and exprefied in fc certain book of rates herein after mentioned and referred unto, (hall, froth and after the five and twentieth day of Mirth one thoufand feven hundred and twenty-five, be and are hereby repealed and made void.

II.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That fi!/Jtobcp^d m *icu	former	rates	and	dqtips ad vqlqrem, repealed

1724*] Anao undecimo Geor«ii I. c. 7.	*85

jby this aft, there (hall, from and after the faid fiveand twen- according to tieth day of Mirth one thoufand feven hundred and twenty five, th* *ddit*o|>al .be payable and paid for the faid old fubfidy tjbut feveral rates and .duties mentioned and exprelfed in one book of rates, intituled, Spencer7 An additional book of rates of goods and merchandizes ufuaVy import- Gumpton, efijj ed and not particularly rated in the book of rates referred to in the a£t fpejKer’ eftomage and poundage, made in the twelfth year of the reign	c’4’’

King Charles the Second, with rules, orders aid regulations, figned by the right honourable Spencer Compton, efyuire, fptaker of the honourable houfe of commons, the faid rates ana duties to be paid '.upon importation of the faid goods and merchandises refpedUve-ly into any port or place within this kingdom, and £7 in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity; which (kid laijt mentioned book or rates, corapofed and agreed on by your Abycfty’* '	1'

faid commons, and every article, rule and claufe therein con- .	_

tained, (hall be and remain, during the continuance of t^ie faid firft recited aft of tonnage and poundage, of full force, and (hall be put in execution as fully and eneftually to all intents .and purpofes, as if the fame were particularly iplerted in the body of this prefect aft.

Ilf. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefald, g. KaMe 'That in all cafes whore any of the faid goods or jnerchandizes to tj,e further mentioned in the (aid book of rates are by law fubjeft or liable fubfidy, tec, to to the payment of the faid further fubfidy, the one third fub- pay according fidy, the two thirds fubfidy, the old impoft, the additional im- *° ** poll, the additional duty on French goods, and the further dur t^okotratei* ty on unrated drugs, or any of them, according to the refpec-tive yalues fet thereon for the faid old fubfidy, or in proportion thereto, the fame (hall, from and after the faid five and twentieth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and twenty five, be paid proportionably according to the particular value fet . thereon in the faid book of rates laft mentioned for the old fub-£dy aforefaid, and not according to the oath or affirmation of the importer j any thing in the refpeftive afts which granted •the faid duties, or in any other afts to die contrary notwith-Itanding.

IV.	And whereas by an all made in the tenth year of the reign I0 a.t Ctl>. of her faid late psajejly Queen Anne (for laying feveral duties upon all fope and paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame, and for other purpofes therein mentioned) a new duty, after the rate of twenty pounds for every one hundred pounds of the true and real value, was laid upon all paper, white or brown, or of any other colour or kind whatfoever, which Jhould be imported or brought into this kingdom (not being particularly charged in that all) a*d by ana- >* Ann. fiat. iher alt made in the twelfth year of the reign of her faid late Majo- c" fj, a further new duty, after the rate of ten pounds for every one hundred pounds of the true and real value, was laid on the like forts pf unrated paper imported, the faid values of fucb paper in the two alts laft mentioned to be taken to be fo much as fuch imported kinds (At really worth to be fold at the port of importation, without any abate-punt for the duties charged by the faid alls, or pay former alls, the

■	M

i86

Anno undecimo Gcoroii I. C. 7.	(1724..

faid new duties, yi payable ad valorem, to be received and levied upon the oath or affirmation of the merchant or importer; which paid a£h are byfubfequent afts continued for ever, fuiyeft to redemption by parliament: be it farther enafted by the authority afore* Afts 10 & is (aid, That from and after the faid five and twentieth day of Aim. relating March one thoufand feven hundred and twenty five the faid fe-t0 Unra£Li VCI^l a<^s parliament made in the tenth and twelfth years of paper, repeal- ^ reign of her faid late Majefty, fo far as they relate to the *	levying the faid refpeftive new duties of twenty pounds per ten-

turn, and ten pounds per centum, on all paper, white or brown* or of any other colour, imported, not particularly charged iu

_____the fitid ads, according to fuch valuations thereof upon the

andfuchw^qath or affirmation of the merchant or importer, (hall be and in/to the ▼a- arc hereby repealed, and inftead thereof the faid new duties of lues in theihid twenty pounds per centum and ten pounds per centum, fo payable* book of rates, ad valorem, (hall be anfwered, levied and paid to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, over and above the fubfidies and other duties on unrated paper, for and towards the fund granted by the faid afts of the tenth and twelfth years of her (aid late Majefty, and during the continuance thereof, according to the refpeftive rates and values for and upon the feveral kinds and forts of unrated paper mentioned and exprefled in a certain book of Tates before-mentioned, figned by the right honourable Spencer Comptony efquire, fpeaker <3* the honourable houfe of commons, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity, as fully -	and effectually as if the faid rates and values, and the daufes

and rules relating thereunto, were inferted in the body of this iprefent aft; any thing in the faid afts of the tenth ana twelfth years of her faid late Majefty, or in any other afts to the contrary notwithftanding.

New forts of v. And for the more equal payment of the faid feveral du-paper import? ties upon united paper imported or brought into this king-ed, to pay ac- dom from and after the five and twentieth day of March one values of thofe t*10U*"an^ ®5ven hundred and twenty five; be it enafted and de-neareit above	dared by the authority aforefaid. That if any mew fabrick or

in fize and	forts or kinds of paper (hal] be imported, which are not parti-

.foqdpei*	cularly valued or rated in the faid refpeftive books of rates, or

m any aft or afts of parliament, fuch paper or papers (hall pay the feveral and refpeftive duties that are charged thereon according to the values and rates of thofc forts or kinds of papers, which are neareft above in fize and goodnefs to the feveral forts t>r kinds of papers valued or rated in the faid refpeftive books of rates, or by this or any former aft or afts of parliament, without any diftinftions of country or place from whence the fame (hall be imported; any law, cuftom or ufage to the con-• trary notwithftandnig.

How the (eve- VI. And be it enafted and declared by the authority aforefaid, on unrated* T^at ^cvera^ fubfidies, impositions, duties, new duties, and goods are to 'further new duties upon the faid feveral forts of unrated goods, be reifed. (hall be paid or fclured, and (hall be raifed, levied and col-lcfted in fach manner and form, and by fuch ways and means,

and

.1724*] Armo undedmo GeoRgii I. c. 7.	.*87

and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, and with fuch dif-counts, allowances and drawbacks as are mentioned and ex-prefled in the feveral a<fts of parliament which granted or con-t: iued the fame refpedtively; and all powers, penalties, pro-vilions, articles and claufes therein contained (except in fuch cafes where any alteration is by this adt made) (hall continue in full force and effedt during the continuance of the faid refpedtivc fubiidies, impofuions and other duties, and new duties, and lhall be applied, pradifed and executed for the raifing, levying, collecting, fecuring, anfwering, paying and appropriating the faid refpedtive fubiidies, impositions and other duties according to the true intent and meaning of this prefent act, as fully and effectually to all intents and purpofes, as if the faid claufes,

-matters and things (except as aforefaid) had been again repeated in the body of this prefent a St; any law, cuftom or ufage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII.	And whereas it may happen that feveral goods and merchan-

discos may he imported, which are omitted to be rated in either of ^Joki of the faid books of rates 5 be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, rates are to • That in fuch cafe the value and price of fuch goods and mer- pay. chandizes (hall be afeertained by the-oath or affirmation of the merchant, in the prefence of the -cuftomer, collector, comptroller and fttrveyor, or any two of them, and the old fubfidy, and .other duties which are payable in proportion to the laid old fubfidy, are to be paid according to fuch value and price.

VIII.	And the better to prevent frauds to the revenue, and propcr

that all merchants may be upon a more equal foot in trade, be may examine it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be goods paying lawful for the collector and comptroller, or other proper offi- ad valorem, ccrs of the cuftoms, to open, view and examine fuch goods ind ^ to^he**" merchandizes paying duty ad Valorem, and compare the fame thie price, with the value and price thereof fo fworn to or affirmed; and if upon fuch view and examination it (hall appear, that fuch goods or merchandizes are not valued by fuch oath or affirmation ac-' cording to the true value and price thereof, according to the - true intent and meaning of this or any other act or acts of parliament, that then and in fuch cafe the importer or proprietor (hall, on demand made in writing by the cuftomer or collector, and comptroller of the port where uich goods of merchandizes are entred, deliver or caufe to be delivered all fuch goods and merchandizes into his Majcfty’s warehoufe at the port of im-portation, for the ufe and benefit of the crown; and upon fuch goods for the delivery the cuftomer or collector of fuch port, with the privity ule of the of the comptroller, (hail, out of any money in his hands, aril- crown> ing by cuftoms or other duties belonging to the crown, pay to fuch importer or proprietor the value of fuch goods and mer- an<i to pay to chandizes fo fworn to or affirmed for the faid old fubiidy as a- the importer forefaid, together with an addition of the cuftoms and other j!*	.

duties paid for fuch goods, and of ten pounds per centum over thT^ftems and above the value thereof, taking a receipt for the fame from paid, lof. fuch importer or proprietor, in full fatisfa£tion for the faid per cent. over.

goods

Anno undecimo GcoROit I. c, jl [1724*

goods, as if they had been regularly fold; and the refpedive commiffioners of the cuftoms (hall caufe the (aid goods to be fairly and publickly fold for the beft advantage; and out of the produce thereof the money fo paid or advanced as aforefaid (hall be repaid to fuch colledor, to be replaced to fuch funds from whence he borrowed the fame, and the overplus (if any) (hall be paid into his Majefty’s exchequer towards the finking fund; any law, cqftom or ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

IX.	And whereas by an aft made in the tenth year of her faid late £xAmie c# - Majefty^ Queen Anne, (for laying additional duties on hides and ***■ **• JUnSj vellum and parchment, and new duties on ftarcb, toffee, tea

and drugs, and for other purpofes therein mentioned) a duty was granted after the rate of twenty pounds for every one hundred pounds of the true and real value of all kinds of drugs imported (dying drugs imported from foreign parts and turpentine imported from the Britilh plantations excepted) over and above all other cuftoms, fubfidies and duties impofed upon or payable for the fame: And whereas it has been found by experience, That the laying the faid additional duty tf twenty pounds per centum on the fend drugs has not anfwered the intention thereof the faid duty being fo exceffvoe high% that the fair merchant cannot import the find drugs, wbuh gives opportunity to run the fame clandeftinely, to the prejudice of the revenue, be it The addition-	enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the faid additi-

al duty 10 " onaiduty of twenty pounds per centum upon drugs, payable bfvir-Ann. on drug* tqe of the faid laft mentioned ad, (hall, from and after the five t°iSSrfimfter ltwcn^ct^ day of March one thoufimd feven hundred and *5Maretii7S5. tweoty Ceafe, determine, and be no longer payable; any thing in the faid ad or in any other ads to the contrary not-Withftanding.

X.	And for the encouragement of the making of paper in No'duty on this kingdom, be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, .old rags im* That from and after the five and twentieth day of March one f01^ ' thoufand feven hundred and twenty five it (hall and may be

lawful to import into this kingdom any old rags, old ropes or junks, or old fifhing nets, fit only for the making of paper or paftboard, without paying any (ubfidy, cuftom, Tmpofition or other duty for the fame, fo as a due entry be firft made thereof in the cuftom-houfe belonging to the port into which the fame lhall be imported, in the fame manner and form, expreffing the quantities and qualities of the faid goods, as was ufed and prac-tifed before the making of this ad, and fo as the fame be landed in the prefence of the proper officer or officers appointed for that purpofe; andon failure of fuch conditions fuch goods (hall beliable to forfeiture, and (hall and mav be feized and profecuted, and the value thereof divided, as if tnis ad had never been made; any law, ftatute, ufage or provifion to the contrary notwithftanding.

..	XI. And whereas by an aft of parliament made and paffed in the

n&btb year of his prejent Majefty's reign (for paying off and cancelling pie*,	tnillion of exchequer-bills,	and for other purpofes therein mention-

|G$g>i*c.io, ed) an additional duty of two /billings for every bujbel was laidupon pll apples imported aftpr tfa feaftwdq if tie annunciation tf the biofa

1724*] Anno undecimo GeoAGIi 1. c. 7.	189

fed Virgin Mary one thoufani /even hundred and twenty two, to imported,con-continue during the term of three years, and until the end of the next feffioh of parliament next following the faid term of three years which term being near expired, audit being found neceffary to continue the fame 10 Geo. »• o. for a further term of years; be it enabled by the authority afore- *7-laid. That the faid additional doty of two (hillings for every buthel of apples imported (hall be further continued, from and after the expiration of the term and time aforefaid, for and during the term Of feven years5 and the faid a A fo made in the eighth year of his Majefty, and all powers, proviftons, penalties, articles and claufes therein contained (for or concerning the faid additional* duty on apples imported) (hall continue and be in force, and be applied, pradtifed and executed for the railing, levying, col-* ledting, anfwering. and paying the faid additional duty upon ap«; pies imported, as fully to aU intents and purpofes, as if all and every the claufes, matters and things in the faid adl, fo far as the fame relates to the additional duty on apples imported, had been again repeated and enadted in the body of this prefent ; any thine in the faid adf, or m any other *dt, to the con-* trarv notwithstanding.

aIL And whereas by an ail of parliament made andpajfed in the Gaufe for a£ eighth year of his Majejlfs reign, it is (amongft other things) enabled.

That from and after the feafl-day of the annunciation of the blejffed Virgin Mary one thoufima feven hundred and twenty two there Jball jjpat-be paid and payable to bis Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, for aU ed. pictures which fball be imported into Great Britain, the certain du» SGcai.e.** ties following, according to the fefpeilive dimenftms of fitch pictures % that is to fay, fo? every pifiure of four feet Jquar'e or upwards, or of any dimenfions, which being reduced will produce a fquare of Jour feet or upwards, the fium of three pounds; for every pidture of two feet fquare, and under four feet fquare, the fum of forty fbulings ; and for every pidture under two feet fquare, the fum of twenty {hillings : and whereasfome doubts have arifen as to the reducing pictures to the faid feyeral fquares of four feet and two feet; for obviating and preventing fuch doubts for the future, be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That all pidtures, which from and after the five and twentieth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and twenty five (hall be imported into Great Britain,

(hall be meafUfed and reduced to fuperficial xneaftire, that is

to fay, every pidture, which being reduced will produce a fquare

of four feet or upwards, (hall be a pidture that (hall contain

£xteen fuperficial feet or upwards, and (hall pay the faid fum of

three pounds; every pidture of two feet fquare, and under

four feet fquare, (hall, when reduced, produce four fuperficial

feet or upwards, and under fixteen fuperficial feet, and (hall

pay the faid fum of forty (hillings \ and every pidture under

two feet fquare (hall be a pidture which, when reduced, (hall

produce lefs than four fuperficial feet, and (hall pay the fum of

twenty (hillings 5 any thing in the faid adt of the eighth year	1

of his MajeftyY reign, or any other law, ufage orcuftom Ur	,

the contrary thereof in any wife notwithitanding.

#	An

»90

Aimo.undecimo Georgii I. c. 7*

r*7*^

An additional book of rates of goods and merchandizes ufually imported, and not particularly rated in the book of rates referred to in the 08 of tonnage and poundage made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second: with rules, orders and regulations, ligned by the right honourable Spencer Compton, efquire, fpeaker of the honourable houfe of commons.

Bates for the old fubfidy, in dead of the oath of the importer.

A

*

Afhes called weed aihes, the C. wt. containing 112 lb. — — ■»

B.

Babies jointed, the dozen ■ ■	■ - ■	• -— —«

Bags called ninnet bags, the dozen ^ ^	—

Balls for children, the fmall groce, containing 12 dozen —■ ■ ■

Bark of oak, the C. wt. containing 112 lb. —	—

Bead* 5 of iet, the pound -------------------- —---------------  •

acaw f of horn, theiinall groce, containing 12 dozen - —■ Beer, called fpruce beer, the barrel, containing 42 gallons ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ — Binding for brooms, the C. wt. containing uzib.	■■■	■	■

C Singing birds, the dozen	■1— ■ ■■	——

Birds, vocat. < Birds of all other forts, not rated in the book of rates, ) I the dozen	J

Bladders, the dozen	—------------------------------     —

Botargo, the pound	— - -	——	■■	....

Bowls, or buckets of wood, the dozen —-------------------------  —	—

r Money boxes of wood, the fmall groce, containing 12 \ dozen

Boxes, vocat. < Pill boxes, or boxes entred as fuch, of wood the fmall I groce, containing twelve dozen nefls, each neff con-1, taining fonr boxes

C Snuff boxes of wood, plain, the dozen	■

Boxes, vocat. < Snuffboxes of horn, plain, the dozen ■

I Snuff boxes of ivory or tortoife-fhell, the dozen —-Brafs wrought, not rated in the book of rates, the pound . ——

Bread or Biflcet, the C. wt. containing 112 lb.	  "	«

Brooms, called flag brooms or whiik brooms, the dozen ..........-

Cabinets of amber, the piece ■ —	-

Calpins for fans, the dozen ■	■	—	......

Calves veltfes to make rennet, the C. wt, containing 112 lb.

, the pound ...........—

or yellow, the pound	—

Candles of wax, j O™*' aonnd

Canns of wood, the dozen

Caps of cotton thread, the dozen	-—---------------- -—-

Cafes 5 ^or ^)0tt^es» the piece, not exceeding 12 bottles.	—-

\ for bottles, if above 12 bottles	■ ■ »	—

Calk empty, the ton — .................................. -*■■■■	■	«

Chairs matted, the dozen ■ ■■■—	--

/.	/.	
0	18	4
0	1#	0
2	0	0
O	4	0
I	0	0
O	10	6
a	5	0
0	5	6
2	10	0
0	16	8
0	9	0
0	12	0
0	0	4
0	1	0
0	3	4
0	*5	0
0	5	0
0	10	0
1	0	0
2	0	0
0	1	4
0	6	8
0	0	4
3	0	0
0	7	6
1	0	0
on		0
0	1	6
0	3	4
0	6	8
0	3	4
0	5	0
1	10	0
t	10	0
	Coker	

17*4-3

Anno undqtim© Georgii L c. 7.

IJH-

Bates for the old fubfidy, indeed of the oath of the importer.

Coker nuts for etne-heads or cups, the thoufand Copper ore, theC. wt, containing 112 lb. —

C:wt: containing 11 zlb.

Copper of all forts Tully wrought, not particularly rated in the book of rates, the C. wt. containing 112 lb.

Corks ready made, the groce, containing 12 dozen Cucumbers pickled* the gallon	■<'	—	—

Down, the pound

"Adeps Urii, the pound - — ■ ■	—*	■■ ■ ■■—

‘ Ambra liquida, the pound ---------------------  —	--■■■ *

Aqua fords (for dyers ufc) the bottle, containing 4 gallons

Auricula Judas, the pound	    ^	- ■■ ■ ■ ■

Baccx Alkakengi, the pound	■	------

Balfamum Copaiva, the pound	■	■■ ■ —	————

Barbadoes tar, the pound	------- ——

Bitumen Judaicum, the ponnd ■ ■■ ■—	"	—

Capita Papaverum, the thousand	» — —	«

Chamaepitys, the pound	■■■"	■	■

Chelae Cancrorum, the pound ■	—	-■■■ ■ ■

Cinnibaria Nativa, not of the Eaft-India, the pound — Colophonia, the C. wt. containing 112lb.	- ■■ ■■

Cornu Cervi Calcinatum, the pound ^ ■■■ —	. .....

Cornu Unicornu, each	—■—	—— —

Cortex Elatheriae, the C. wt. containing 112 lb.	— ■—«

Cortex Limonum vel Aurantiorum, the pound	.	.

Cortex Cariophyllorum, the pound

Cortex Peruvianus, or Jefuits bark, the pound

too

S

P

Cranium Humanum, each

Cowitch, the pound ...........—	—■	—-	—

Cranium of Tartar (for dyers ufe) the C. wt. containing 112 lb.

Dens Apri, the pound	■	--	■■■	 —	 —.

Dens Equi Marini, the pound	—-------------  —	■■■

Eboris Rafurae, the pound	-	—	------

Efience of lemons, the pound ------------ -	———

Fechia Brugiata, the C. wt. containing 112 lb.	■	■■■«

Flores Chamaemcli, the pound . — ■■»	■	■■

Flores Meliloti, the pound	— ■■■■ ■	-■	■» ...

Granadilla Peruviana, the pound	-	■■■»	—

Gummi Copal, the pound	■	—	  —

Lapis Hibernicus, theC.wt. containing 112 lb.	»■

Lapis Hyacinthi, the pound	—■

Lapis Magnetic, the pound	-■■■	-	^

Lapis Nephriticus, the pound	------

Lapis Odiocolla, the pound	——.i ■ —

Lapis Rubinus, the pound	-	■	—	—

Lapis Sapphirus, the pound

» Lapis Smaragdus, tlie pound	  ■. —

/.		d.
0	la	0
0	. 2	6
6	0	0
9	6	8
0	1	8
0	2	6
0	1	6
0	2	0
0	8	0
2	5	0
0	1	0
0	1	0
0	2	6
0	a	1
0	a	6
0	S	0
0	a	6
0	0	
0	to	0
0	to	0
0	0	8
0	10	O
1	10	0
0	0	6
0	0	6
0	j	6
0	X	0
0	I	0
2	10	0
0	•	0
0	2	0
6	O	2'
1 O	6	8
O	to	0
O	0	6
O	0	6
O	4	0
O	0	10
I	0	0
O	4	0
O	t	0
O	s	0
O	I	6
O	t	0
Q	j	0
s  0	t	>‘o

Lapis

i 9*

Annd ubdedmd Ge6rg1< I. c. y.

Rates for the old

fubfidy, inftead. of the oath of the importer.

I

s

I

r Lapis Spongase, the ^ound

Lapitf Topagae, the pound	■	■	■	■	■*	*	•

Mother or Peart (hells;'not of EafUIndia, the pound Oleum Annili, the pound	■	■	■- —

Oleum Cariophyllorum* the pound	—''■»—

Olhim Carui, the pound	■	■ ■-

Oleum Cinnamomi, the ounce troy *

Oleum Cimyni, the pound	■■	—— —

Oleum Tuniperi, the pound ■	 —*

Oleum Nucis Mufcate liquidum, the pound Oleum Oifganr, the pound . ■ ——

Oleum Palme, the C. wt. containing rirlb.

Oleum Rhodii, the pound .	--------------

Oleum Saflafrse, the pound ■■ ---Oleum Thymae, the pound	—

Oleum Vitrioli, the pound

Orange Tefiamine, or other perfumed oils, not otherwife pound	■	—	—

Chymicsd oils not otherwife rated, the pound

PomphoHx, the pound	.	■	---------

Rhinehurft, the £. wt. containing 112 lb.

Radix Biftorta?, the C. wt. containing 112 lb.

Radix CaiTuminiar, not of the Eaft-lndia, the pound Radix Enulx Campanx, the C. wt. containing 112 lb. Radix Eringii, the pound	■	■—	■	■

Radix Hypocacuanae, the pound — ■ —

Radix Mei Athamantici, the jfouftd —• Radix Phu, the pound	■	■	■

Radix Serpentariac, the pound	—-

Radix Tonnentillar, the C. wt. containing 112 lb. Rezina jalapii, the pound	1	«

Rezina Seamenii, the pound —	■■■

Salop, not of the Eaft-lndia, the pound	—

|Sal Krunellx, the pound	■	■■■	»

Sal Succini, the pound	»	■-■■■■ -

Sal Tamarifca, the pound	■	■	-

Sal Tartar!, the pound *.............. «

Sal Vitrioli,' the pound *	«

Sal Volatile Armoniaci, the pound	—-

Sal Volatile Cornu Cervi, the pound Saccharum Batumi, the pound	■■

Sevum Ccrvincnr, the pound

Spiritus Cornu Cervi, the pound ■	—-	■ ■

Spiritus Vitrioli, the pound	■	1	■	'■■■■—	 —

Sulphur Vivum, the C. wt. containing i‘i 2 lb.	 —

Tartarum Vitriolatum the pound	■

Turpentine of Germany, or from any other place, not otherwife )

rated,- theC. wt. containing 112 lb.	■■	■ ----- J

^Ungolas Aids, the hundred hoofs	^ ■ —

/.	X.	d.
0	1	or
0	I	0
0	1	0
0	5	0
0	10	0
0	5	0
a	s	»
0	4	0
0	2	0
0	6	s
0	5	0
1	0	0
2	10	0
0	4	0
0	5	0
0	1	0
0	5	0
0	2	0
0	0	4
1	0	0
0	10	0
0	5	0
1	0	0
0	0	6
0	6	*
0	0	6
0	0	6
0	2	6
6	lO	0
O	IO	0
O	IO	0
O	I	6
O	O	6
O	4	0
O	5	0
6	1	0
0	1	0
0	2	0
O	2	0
O	1	0
O	0	6
O	i	0
O	0	6
0	10	0
0	1	0
2	0	0
O	10	0
Earthen		

Anno undecimo GeorgIi I. C. 7.

m

Hites for the old fubfidy, inftead Of the Oath of the importer.

d.

E	/.

Earthed ware of all forts (except India or China, not to be Uttered dr ) ^ fold, and not otherwife rated) the pound wt. broken or whole	J

Edging for hats of caddas, the dozen	■■	■ ■	o

Foils for fencers; the doften

F.

G.

+ Pimento of and from the Bridih plantations, the pound 1 Liquorilh in powder, the C. wt. containing 112 lb. Grocery, ) Plumbs dried, the pound —	■■

vocat.

I rated, the C. wt. containing 112 1.

"Raifins of Lipra, or Belvadera, theC. wt. containing 112 lb. Perf eftive i Large, the piece not exceeding three feet in length

glafles

Large, the piece Exceeding three feet in length Small the dozen

Glafs broken, the C. wt. containing 112 lb.	:—

Glovers clippings, the C. wt. containing 112 lb.	—

Graves for dogs; the C. wt. containing 12 lb;

H.

H^y, the load, containing 36 truftes; each trufi being 56 pounds Horns of cows or oxen, the hundred, containing five fcore —

Horn tips, the hundred, containing five fcore	----

,	C	Cow	or	ox	hair, the C. wt. containing 112 lb.

Hair vocat. < Horfe hair, the pound ------------------------- —

£ Human hair for perukes, the pound	■	1	■■	-

Hoans; the hundred, containing five fcore	1	1	1	■»	*-»«

i.	.	_

Iron of Ireland and all other places unwrought, not otherwife rated, the ton, containing 20 C. wt. each C. iontaining 112 lb. — Iron oar, the ton, containing zoC.wt. each hundred containing 112 lb;

Old buihcl broken and.old calt iron, the ton	------

Iron Hit or hammered into rods, called rod iron, and iron drawn or hammered lefs than three fourths of an inch fquare, the C. wt. containing 112 lb;	-----------	■■	'■

Iron, called pig iron, from tlie Britifn plantation's, the ton, containing . 20 C. wt. each C. containing 112 lb. ——	 —

to be imported, the C. wt. containing 112 lb.	—	■	—1

Juice of limes; the gallon	—-—	—

k.

Kelp, the ton, containing 20C. wt. eachC. containing 112 Hi*

*	A.

Lard, the pound	*	*	-	—

10

6

d

OIJ 0

0	d	6
2-	O	0
O  ■ ■%	O	6
!•	IO	0
0	II	0
X	6	0
2	0	0
I	0.	9
O	. 2-	6
0	i	6
O	5	*
1  2	6	t
O	6	8
O	2	0
1	10	9
O	2	6
O	6	8
i	0	9  t
}>	0	O
td	16	9
. 2-	*9	9
]■	;9	O
i-	b	.O
V	9	y
O	9	0
$	9	a
•	1  6	3

Vol. XV.

6

AUx#

Anno undecimo GeorqIi 1. €.7.

J

Rates for the old fubfidy, inftead of the oath of the importer.

/. /. /

—■	o 1 6

o o 10

Alexandria or Turkey linen, the ell Borlaps, the ell	.....-

‘ Damafk and diaper napkinning and towelling, of the manufa&ure ) of Ruffin, not exceeding half an Englifh ell in breath, the yard	J

Damafk or diaper tabling or napkinning and towelling of any place (except Ireland and Ruffia) not otherwife rated, to be rated at thefevenri rates of damafk or diaper of Silefia making* in the book of rates.

Neckcloths of Silefia, or any other country (except India) the dozen	o

Oilcloth, the ell -------------------------------------------   o

Sailcloth, commonly called fail duck or Holland duck, from all

places (except from India) the C. containing 120 ells Sheets old, the pi

piece

Spanifh or Portugal linen, the ell Trillets the ell	----

004

>m all |

o

o

o

o

500

M.

Maps in frames, the map and frame Matting J Barbary or Portugal* the yard

of Holland, the yard

•Leaf metal (except of leaf gold) the packet, containing 250 leaves

Metal prepared for battery, the C. wt. containing 112 lb. ------

Morels, the pound	------------ ------------------------

Mum, die barrel, containing 42 gallons	------

Nuts, called cheihuts, the bufhel

N.

o o o o

6

o 4 2 16

5

x

o

o

o

S o

Oil-of hempfeed, the ton, containing 252 gallons	»

Oil, called ordinary oil of olives, from any place, not otherwife rated, > the ton, containing 252 gallons. ...........  ■	  J

20 o 32 o

P.

Pails .of wood, or kits of wood, the dozen	—

Painters colours of all forts, not otherwife rated, the pound



1

I

"Atlas ordinary Genoa royal .fine Genoa medium fine Fine Holland rbyal Mfedinmpaper Second Grenoaonyal Second Genoa medium '

Second finuHolland royal

Fine large poll, weighing 15 pounds per ream and

upwards	■	■	■	--	.....—

Cartridge paper *'

Ordinary elephant

Fine large poll, weighing under 1 c pounds per ream Chancery double .Ordinary royal

teach ream

teach

ream

»each ream

•each ream

o 6 g o o fi

o 14 o

o 10 o

076

050

And

1724*1	Anno	undecirao	Geqrgii I. c.7.

And the feveral forts of unrated paper hereafter mentioned are to pay the new duties of twenty per cent, and ten per cent, granted by the a6b made in the tenth and twelfth yean of her late Majefty Queen Arme% according to the following rates, and nor according to the oath of the importer; <viz:



-Second writing imperial, the ream Second writing fuper royal, the ream — Second writing royal; the ream ■■ Second writing, medium, the ream — Second fine Holland royal, the ream Blue paper for fugar bakers, the iingle ream Ordinary rayai Fine printing .crown ^ Fine printing fools cap Brown cap

Second ordinary printing crown Second ordinary printing fools cap Ordinary pot Fine Genoa pot Second Genoa pot

Brown paper, tne bundle containing 40 quire tSmall poll, the ream	-■*	—

1

ream

Rates,

i* J. d%

2 15 o 200

* 7 «

loo

o 10 o o 5 10

050

030

©

o

3

7

%

Pears, thebufhel	»-— ■ ■

Pencils of all forts, the groce, containing 12 dozen Pewter old, rhe C. wt. containing 112 lb.

Pickles of all forts, not otherwife rated, the gallon Plat, called Bermudas plat for hats, the pound Plate wrought of gold, the ounce	■

Platters of wood, the (bock, containing flxty Powder of brafs for japanning, the ounce Prints of paper (except of India or China) the piece

Pates for the olit fubfidy, inftead of the oath of the importer.



o 5 o

o 10 o

2 10 O

6 1 6 006 400 o 10 o 006 006

Qgilting of all forts, whether of linen or China) the yard

1, caBico or cotton, (not of India J o

5 •

Racket hoops, the dozen Rennet, the gallon

01 6 o o S

S;

Saufages or puddings of Bolognia, or any other place, the pound Scale-boards, theC.wt. containing 112 lb.	—— -

Scoops of wood, the dozen	■ ■	—:•—*

f Clover feed, the C. wt. containing 112 lb*	—■ -

g I Cole feed, the quarter; containing 8 bufhels	—

g I Hemp feed, the lad, containing ten quarters, each quarter contain-

* ^ ing 8 bufhels	------ - -»■■■■

*g I Lucerne feed, the C. wt. containing 112 lb.	 —

<g I Maw feed; the pound	—	—■—

^Millet feed, the C. wt. containing 112 lb.	■ ■■■	■

O 2

©10 o 3 4

0 3 4

0	10 o

1	o o

I* o o

o 10 o 006 o 16 o Shavings

w

Anno vndeam6 GtoftGH I. & 7.

Shaving* for hats, the C. wt. containing 112 lb. ^	—

Sheeps guts drieftto makerwhipr, the grocci Containing is dozen —* Silk wrought, flowered or mixed with gdld or filver (except of Indian) Perfia dr China) the pouad-weight, containing 16 ounces	—	j

'Cotoey-ikins, die dozen *	'	■	-*-■	.	■ ——-

Dtfcr-foinrbdian half drefs’d, the {feand-weight ■ ■	^

:Dofe-ikifls undrris’d, the pieVe -	 —	.

Blk-fluns drefs’d or.nndrefb’d, the fkin

Fifoer^Ikins, the piece ---------	-*—-

‘ Goats*ilcins in the hair, not otherwife rated, the dozen	—*

Hare-fidns, the dozen	----- —

Lamb-fkins drefs’d in allom, the hundred, containing 5 fetoe —« Lambskins drefs’d in oil, the hundred, containing 5 fcoie — LemWEins Sink drefs’d, the hundred, containing c fcore —

| Lunb-fldns (link undrefs’d in the wool, the hundred, containing 61

> Ldtnb-ftins nndrefs’d in thdwool, the hundred, containing 6 fcoie 4 Liens-fldns, the piece	• —-	—

Moofc-jkins, the piece	—	—

Mufqtuifo, diefkin	*	■■	>	-■	—	■

Paktra-lkins, the piece	1	.	■	—	 -

Pdtgof aty forts (except goat pelts) the hundred, containing $ fcore

Peltiofgoats drefs’d, the dozen	------- —	-

Pdtsoffoatfttlndrefs’d, the dozen ’	■	  -

RsfckooAs, the tkin	- —	——

Slmgieell-fldns, the fkin	------- —1

Skeep-fluni drtft’d, the dozen	■	■	—

S*an*fkhts; the piece *

Rapes for the old fuhfidy, mftead of the oath of the importer,

o 8

/.

1

0

I

' Tides ortips of fable, die piece 1 Tyger-Jkins, the piece —

Vner-fHlU, the piece .	------

t,Wbod4tockr, the (kin «'■■■ ■ ■ — Shovels of wood unfood, the dozen	«

Shutdes for weavers, the dozen	——

J>k^te*of wood for rncling, food, the dozen Slaps for weavers, the dbzen	——

Snowdno, the C. wt. containing 112 lb*

O'

rco

3 10 o

a

1

o

o

6

4

o

o

o

. containing Socks of thread or cotton, the dozen pair Spdter.of Germany, the C. wt. containing 112 lb.

‘“Brandy of France,* the ton, containing 252 gallons	-------

Brandy of Spain, Portugal or Italy, the (bn, containingr2jn gallons Bhmdyofalt other countries* not otherwife rated, the ton,, contain- )

. Ing 2f2 gallons .	    >

a Chran-water, the gallon	■	■	—’	■ ■ —	-

IS c Geneva, the gallon	■	■—

Hungary-water, the gallbn	--	■»—	 •

Rflckee of Turkey, the gallon	■■■■	*	■■	■—

5

10

10

10

o

o

10

10

S

0

1

5

3

2

10

i

5

10

*10

1

6 o

O-

10

10

6

10

30 o 15.0

20 o

I o O I

o 10 o

o

0

o

6

o

o

o

o

6

8

o

4 o o o o o o

3

5 o o o o ?8 o o a

d

*7*4-]

Anno undeckoo Georoii I. c. 7.

i97

Rates for tbe old fubfidy, inftead of the oath of the importer.

rRofeiolis, and all other cordial-waters, not otherwife rated, 1

Spirits,

vocat.



the gallon Rum, the gallon

S

Vifney from Turkey, the gallon ----------- -------------

lU/quebaugh, the gallon	 —	■	■

Stockings of thread or cotton, the dozen ----------------- ■	■■■-

f Grave-ftones of marble, unpolifixed, the foot fquare, fuperficial

meafure	-------- ---------------------------

Grave-Rones of marble, polilhed, the foot fquare, fuperficial mea—

fure ■	■■	■	■	■	-------- - 1 —

Grave-Rones of other Rone, poliRied or unpolifhed, the foot fquare Marble bafons, tables, mortars, and all other polilhed marble (ex-1 ^ . cept gravc-Rones and paving-flones poliRied) the foot fquare } ^ } Marble blocks, the folid foot	-	—	■■

Marble paving-Rones rough, the foot fuperficial meafure —• Marble paving-Rones polilhed, the foot fquare, fuperficial meafure .

Paving-Rones, not of marble, the fpot fquare	    ■

Pibble-Rones, the ton	—»■■■■ ■

Slates in f/ames, the dozen ............................  —	-

Tables of Rate, in frames, the piece	——«---■»■

(.Tables of Rate, without frame;, the piece	  —

Spinal fine, to make gauze, tfie pound	■	■■	—	——

Spokes for cart-wheels, long, the thoufand	» ■

Spokes for cart-wheels, Riort, the thoufand	■■■■■■■—-

Swingles, thp grace, containing 12 dozen	■ ■ ■ ■	■

T.

Tails of cows, the hundred, containing five (core	■	■■■

T ape open, the doze^ pieces ■■■■ ■	■	■■■—

f Lackered, with or without feet, (except of India pr Chi- I

Tea-tables < na) the pi^ce	———	 —	j

( Unlackertfd (except of India or China) the piece---

picking of Germany, or any other epuntry, not otherwife rated, the 7 piece, containing 36 yards ■ - —	■	■ ■ - —	j

Tortoife Riell, the pound	■	■	■■■,»	■„ ■ ——

Truffles, the pound	—■■■'■	■	■ ■■■■■	^

V.

Valonia, (for dyers ufe) the C. wt. containing 11 ^ lb.	■

Vermachelli pafte, the pound	—	■	—■	■■■■ ■	—

yinelloes, the pound	»	—	—	■■■	—

W.

Wafers, the pound

f Pyrmont water, and all other mineral or natural waters, not other-wife rated, the dozen bottles or flalks, each bottle or fiafk not

exceeding 3 pints	------- ------------------

2 J Pyrmont water, and all other mineral or natural waters, not other-- ’ yvife mud, the dozen bottles or flalks, each bottle or flaflt exceeding 3 pints —	------ ■■■■—

Spaw water, the balket, containing 150 flalks, not exceeding 3 r pints each flallp	■■■—

Qi

I

I	/.	a.
0	10	O
0	1	8
0	10	0
0	10	0
I	>5	0
0	0	4
0	0	8
0	0	1
0	1	0
0	4	0
0	0	4
0	0	8
0	0	t
I	0	0
0	3	4
0	5	0
0	1	8
0	10	0
6	0	0
a	.0	6.
3	0	0
0	10	0
0	2	6
0	10	0
0	2	6
1	10	0
0	4	6
9	8	Q
0	7	6
0	0	6
1	JO	0
0	1	8
0	6	8
0	9	P
4	0	a
	*7	



Anno undectmo Geoxoil I* c. y'.

t*7*4t

Rates for the old fubfidy, inilead of the oath of the importer.

Bay or mirtle wax, the pound --------------------«

Weld (for dyers yfe) theC. wt. containing 114 lb. Wheels For fpinning, the piece	—	■	-

Anchor flocks, the piece

Battens, 6 inches and an half wide, or under, the C. containing 120 Beech boards, 2 inches thick, or under, the C. containing } 20 — Beech plank, above 2 inches thick, the load, containing 50 foot — Beech quarters, under 5 inches fquare, the C. containing x 20 — Beech quarters, 5 inches fquare, and under 8 inches, the C. con- ?

taining 120	  ■	J

Box wood, the ton, containing 20 C wt. each C, containing 11 a lb. 'Deals from Ruffia, and all other countries, not particularly rated,

exceeding 20 foot in length the hundred, containing 120 ---

Deals from Sweden, or any other country, of 20 foot in length or

under, not otherwife rated, the hundred, containing 120 ---.

Fire wood, the fathom ------------------ ■	---	--------

Fir quarters, under 5 inches fquare, the C. containing 120 *— Fir quarters, 5 inches fquare, and under 8 inches, the C. contain- ]

ing 120	       I

Hahdfcoops, the dozen	 —	■	■■

Handfpikes, the hundred, containing 120	■	■	■■-	-----

Kildcyl^in Raves, the thoufand, containing j20

r

TFor (hipping, 8 inches fquare and under, the C- containing 120	  ■	■■ - - ■

For (hipping, above 8 inches fqaare, to pay as timber the load	  —



Knees of

0a&,

_ {.Small, for wherries, the hundred, cpntaining 120 • l^ad) wood, the fathom ------------- -----------------

f Boards under 2 inches thick, and under 15 foot long.

Oak< hundred, containing 120	^

: Vi 1 Flank, the load, containing 50 foot folid	-	■

(.Timber the load ---------- —	^	—------

Olive wood, the ton, containing 20 C. wt. each C; containing 112 lb.

Palling Boards, the hundred, containing 120	 r—

Round wood, the hundred, containing 120	---------

W^infcot boards of all forts, the inch or foot, containing 12 foot in 1 length, and 1 inch iii thickncfs, and fo in proportion in any > greater or letter length or thicknefs .	■	—	■ ■ ■ ■ j

Wooden tubs, die dozen	  ■	-	■

Ufejrs (ingle, under 24 foot in length, the C. containing 120	—

„Ufcrs doable, of 24 foot in length and upwards, the C» containing 120 w f * if Nicarago wood the C. wt. containing 112 lb. —

-	^ ^ s Of all other forts not otherwife rated) the C. wt. con- )

• tng> vtoext. J lining I I 2 lb. --------------------------------   J

(Coney wool, the pound	■	■■ -	■■■■■■

JSftxia^g wool9 imported in foreign-built (hips, the C- wt* containing |

Hare’s wool, the poqnd

Sheep’s wool from any other place than mentioned in the book of rates,' ------------------------ •——» ---------------------------

1724*] Anno undecimo Georgii I. c. 7.	' 199

Rates for the old fubfidy, inltead of’the oath of the importer.

l»

Wire of brafi or copper, not otherwife rated, the C. wt. containing ) ^

112 lb. — - - ■ ■	-	—	—-	J 0 I0 ©

Y.

Wick yarn, the dozen pound	—	——	099

Worfted yarn, being two or more threads twilled or thrown, the pound 030 Yokes for oxen, the pair —--------------------------------   ■	o	I	o

Rules, orders and regulations.

ANY of the rates aforefaid, or any wing contained in this additional book of rates, is not to extend to alter the method preferred by law for afeertaining the values upon fuch unrated goods, wares and merchandizes imported, as are oj the growth, product or manufacture of the Eaft-Indies, China or other the parts within the limits of the charters granted to the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft-Indies: Or,

To the charging any duty upon fucb fort of wood, plank or timber wrought or unwrought, or any of the goods called lumber, which are to be imported, dutyfree, by virtue of the aft made in the eighth year of his prefent Majejly's reign, on the conditions therein mentioned, curing the continuance of the faid eft : Or,

To the charging any duty upon fuch drugs, or other goods ufed in dying, which are to be imported dutyfree, by virtue of another aft made in the eighth year of his prefent Majefys reign, on the conditions therein mentioned.

And whereas it may happen, that feveral goods and merchandizes may be imported, which are omitted to be rated in the book of rales made in toe twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, or in this additional book of rates, or in feme particular aft of par-fiament, in fucb cafe, the value and price of fitch goods bnd merchandizes for the old fubfidy (other than of thofe of India, Perfia or China) Jhall be afeertained by the oath or affirmation of the merchant, in the prefence of the cujlomer, collector, comptroller and furveyor, or any two of them; and the better to prevent frauds, and that all merchants may be upon an equal foot in trade, the coiled or and comptroller, or other proper officers of the cujloms, may open, view and examine fuch goods and merchandizes paying duty ad valorem, and compare the fame with the value and price thereof fo fworn to or affirmed; and if upon fuch view and examination it Jhall appear, that fuch goods or merchandizes are not valued by fuch oath or affirmation, according to the tfUe value and price thereof, according to the true intent and meaning hereof, that then and in fuch cafe the importer or proprietor Jhall on demand made in writing by the cujlomer or colltft or and comptroller of the port where fuch goods or merchandizes are entred, deliver or caufe to be delivered, all fuch goods and merchandizes into his Majefys warehoufe at the pert of importationx for the ufe and benefit of the crown \ arid, upon fucb delivery, the

O 4	cufomer'

3QO	Anno undccimo GeorGII I. c. S,	[1724^

tujlomer or collefior of fuch port, with the privity of the comptroller. Jtyilly out of any money in the hands of fuch cufiomer or collefior, a~ fifing by cufioms or other duties belonging to the crown, pay to fuch - importer or proprietor, the value of fuch goods and merchandises fo fworn to or affirmed, for the faid old fubfidy as aforefaid, togetbet with an addition of the cufioms and other duties paid for fuch goods, ' cmi of ten pounds per centum to fuch value, taking a receipt for the fame from fuch importer or proprietor, in full fatisfafiion for the faii goods, as if they had been regularly fold; and the refpefiive commijfi Jfioners of the cufioms Jhall caufe the Jaid goods to be fairly and pub-1 w	fickly fold for the befi advantage, and out of the produce thereof, the

plenty fo paid or advanced as aforefaid, Jpallbe repaid to fuch cufiomer or collefior, with the privity of the comptroller, to be replaced to fuch funds from whence the fame was borrowed, and the overplus (if any) Jbafi be paid into his Majefty's exchequer, towards the finking fund, by the title of unrated goods imported undervalued*

CAP, VIII.

An afi for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder and pcny* in that part 0/ Great Britain called England; and for granting to bis Majefiy certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the fe?yice of the year one tboufqnd feven bun-drea and twenty five \ and for transferring the deficiency of a late malt afi to this afi \ and for explaining a hte afi in relation to ftampt:duties on news-papers; and fors appropriating the fupplies granted in. this feffion of parlia-ment. \ and for difpojing certain overplus money to proper objefis of charity •, and for making forth duplicates of exchequer-bills, lottery-tickets and orders, loft, burnt or 0-tberwife defiroyed -, and for giving further time to clerks and apprentices to pay duties omitted to be paid for their indentures and contrasts.

XIII. AND whereas by an afi of parliament, made in the tenth Claufe re Jar-	4 /l year of the reign of her late majejiy .Queen Anne, it is

papersUCW* (Gmonfi othcr things) enafied, that the folloiving duties J&ould be paid io Ann. c. 19. on kooks and papers commonly called pamphlets; and for and upon efil printed hews-papers or papers containing publick news, intelligence or occurencer (that is to fay) for every pamphlet or paper contained in half a Jbeet, or in any If (fir piece of paper printed, the fum of dne half-penny; and for every pamphlet or paper being larger than half a fiyeet, and not exceeding one whole Jhcet, one peony; and for every pamphlet or paper, being larger than one whole Jbeet, and not exceeding Jix /beets in odtavo, or in a lejfer page, and not exceeding twelve fheets in quarto, or twenty Jhcets in folio, a duty after the rate of two Jhillings j'or every Jbeet of any kind of paper which /hall be contained in one printed copy thereof as by the faid recited afi, relation being thereunto had, may more fully and at large appear 5

' and'

1

££64f]	.Anoo nncjecimo Georgii I. c. 8.	£9i

whereas the author* or printer/ <j/* fevtral journals, mercuries and other news-papers, do* with an intent to defeat the aforefaii payments,	in defraud of the crown* fo contrive as to print their

faid journals and news-papers on one Jheet and a half-Jbeet of paper each, and by that means they neither pay the afore (kid duties of one penny for each Jheet, nor a half-penny for the half/beet* as by law they ought to do, but enter them as pamphlets, and pay only thru /hillings for each imprejjion thereof whereby his Majefty hath been • much injured in his revenue, and the printers of other news-papers, who do regularly pay the faid duties, are great fvjferers thereby :

fox remedy whereof, it is hereby enaded and declared, That _	______

Jfuch journals, mercuries and news-papers, fo printed pn one N*"*PtPcr* • fheet and half-(heet of paper, (hall not for the future be deem-cd or taken as pamphlets, to be entred and to pay only tbtep * * (hillings for each impreflion thereof

XIV- And be it further en*ded by the authority aforefaid* Afar 15 A-.That from and after tjie jtwqpty fifth day of April one tboufaud feven hundred and twenty five, the following duties (hall he papers, ‘

paid to his Majefly, his heirs and fucceflors, upon every jour- ^..........

nal, mercury or pther publick newspaper, which mall be printed and pul?lHhed in Great Britain% during the term mentioned in the faid recited ad, or any other ad or a<9$ of parliament, by which the duties aforefaid are granted or continued,

{that is to fay) for every (heet of paper, on which any journal, mercury or other news-paper whatsoever, (hall be printed, a duty 01 one penny fterling, and for every balf-(heet thereof, ' the fum of one half-penny fterling; any thing in the faid recited ad, or any other ad of parliament, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding*

XV.	And it is hereby further enaded. That the faid duties How to be (hall be levied, colleded and paid in the fame manner, and fuoT

jed to the fame diredions, penalties and forfeitures, appropriations and redemptions as are mentioned and contained in the aforefaid ad of the tenth year' of the reign of her )ate Majefty jQueen Anne, or any other ad of parliament relating to the du- so Ann. c. 19. Jties thereby granted.

XVI.	Provided always, and be pna&ed by the authority aforefaid, That all monies lent and to be lent to his Majefty ppon Qne 3d of this feflion of parixament, intituled. An aft for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land-tax to be raijed in Great xlGeo‘ c* Britain, for the fervice of the year qne thoufand feven hundred and

twenty five \ and fo much money (if any fuch be) of the tax

thereby granted, as (hall arife and remain after all the loans made Application of

or to be made bn the fame ad, or thereby transferred, or direded

to be transferred thereunto, and al) the intereft thereof, and the ^on, via.

charges thereby allowable for railing the faid land-tax,(ha|l be fatis-

fied, or money fufficient (hall be referved in the exchequer to dif- *

charge the fame; and all the money lent or to be lent to his

Xlajefty, by virtue of this prefent ad, and fo much of the duties

yn malt, mum, cyder and perry, thereby granted or continued,

gs {hall arife or remain (if any fiich bp) after all (he loans

!	'	'	r*	” “ / ‘	hereby

ST.9JJI- 5*- . 9<i. *q. tor the general fond.

vxyy.

the

So,oSol. ix«. rod. for the ordnance for tond-icrvke.

911,9681. it. Id. iq. for tand-forcet, foe.

Anno undecimo GeoRGH I. c. S. [1724*'

hereby directed to be made, and all the intereft thereof, and the charges thereby allowable for railing the fame duties, /hail be fatisfied, or money fufficient (hall be referved to difeharge the fame; and the fum of thirteen thoufand and ten pounds feven lhillings and two pence three farthings, remaining in the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, or arrears of former land taxes, (hall be appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the feveral ufes, intents and purpofes herein exp ref-fed, fubjeft neverthelefs to fuch reftriltions as are herein after preferibed,(that is to fay;) it is hereby ena&ed and declared,That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid there fhall and may be iflued and appliedany fum not exceeding fifty feven thoufand nine hundred fifty three pounds five (hillings and nine pence halfpenny, to make good the deficiency of the tund, commonly called the general fund, for railing feven hundred twenty four thoufand debt hundred forty nine pounds fix (hillings and ten pence and one fifth part of a penny per annum> for theyear ended at Michaelmas one thoufand feven hundred and twenty four.

XVII.	And it is hereby enacted and declared. That out of all or any the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there fhaH and may be iflued and applied any fum or fums of. money, not exceeding feven bundled thirty four thoufand two hundrea nine-

Sfive pounds fourteen (hillings and nine pence, for or towards e naval fervices hgrein after more particularly peprefled, (that is to fay) for or towards defraying the charge of the ordinary of his Majefty’s navy, and for half-pay to fea-officers, and for and towards viftual, wages, wear and tear of the navy, and the victualling thereof, performed and to be performed, and for or towards Tea-fervices in the office of ordnance, performed and to be performed, and for or towards other fea-fervices of the navy9 performed and to be performed,

XVIII.	And it is hereby alfo ena&ed, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there (hall and may be ififued and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding eighty thoufand and eighty pounds eleven (hillings.and ten pence, for or towards defraying the charge of the office of his Majefty’s ordnance for land-ferviees, performed and to be performed, and for defraying feveral extraordinary expences of the office of ordnance for land-fervices, not provided for by parliament.

XIX.	And it is hereby likewife ena£ed, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there (hall or may be iflued and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the fum of nine hundred and twelve thoufand nine hundred fixty eight pounds two fhillings and eight pence farthing, for or towards maintaining his Majefty’s land-forces, and other fervices herein after more particularly exprefled; that is to fay, any fum, not exceeding fix hundred fifty four thoufand four hundred eighty eight pounds feventeen (hillings and eight pence, for defraying the charge of eighteen thoufand two hundred fixty four effective men, including commHfion and non*

com*

I724-1 Anno uncled mo Gboroii I. c. 8;	20$

commiffion officers and invalids, for guards, earn(bns and other his Majefty’s land-forces in Great Britain, Jerfiy and Guemfey^ and other fervices relating to the forces for tbie year one thou-fand feven hundred twenty five; and any fum or turns of money not exceeding one hundred fifty two thoufand fix hundred thirty (even pounds fixteen (hillings and five pence halfpenny, for maintaining his Majefty’s forces and garrifons in the plantations,

Minorca and Gibraltar, and for provifions for the garrifons of Annapolis Royal, Placentia and Gibraltar for the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty five; and any fum and fums of money not exceeding twelve thoufand pounds, upon account for out-penfioner9 of Cbelfea hofpital for the year one thoufand feven hundred twenty fivei and any fum and fums of money not exceeding fixteen thOuiand eight hundred forty one pounds eight lhiliings and fix pence throe farthings, for defraying feveral extraordinary expences and fervices incurred, and not provided for by parliament, on account of provifions for the garrifon of Gibraltar, and for a lofs by bills of exchange drawn by Mofes Beranger in the year one thoufand feven hundred twenty one, for remitting fubfiftence to his Majefiy’s forces in Minorca and Gibraltar, which were returned protefted, and on account of what is due to the garrifon of Placentiaand the four late inde-

Sndent companies of that garrifon, between the twenty fourth y of April one thoufand (even hundred and thirteen, and the Sarpfm of this twenty fourth day of Augufl one thoufand feven hundred and jeventeen, when the faid companies were regimented; and any ^gco.i.c.xs« fum and fums of money not exceeding feventy (even thoufand c 35. ' ‘ ' pounds, upon account of half-pay to the reduced officers of his Majefty’s land-forces and marines, for the year one thoufand (even hundred twenty five, fubjedt nevertheless to fuch rules to be obferved in the application of the faid half-pay, as are herein after preferibed concerning the fame; and any fum and fums of money not exceeding thirty feven thoufand nine hundred thirty one pounds nine (hillings and ted pence halfpenny, towards making good the deficiency of the grants for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred twenty four.

' XX. And be it ensiled, That the (aid aids or fupplies pro- Not to be ap-vided as aforefaid, (hall not be iflued or applied to any ufe, in- plied to other tent or purpofe whatfoever, other than the ufes ana purpofes before-mentioned, or for the feveral deficiencies before dire&ed to be fatisfied out of the faid loans, by any particular claufe or daufes for that purpofe contained in this alt, or in the faid alt of this prefent fefiion of parliament, for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax.

XXI.	And as to the faid fum of feventy feven thoufand pounds Rules to be ob* Jjy this alt appropriated on account of half-pay as aforefaid, it fenred in apis hereby enalted and declared by the authority aforefaid. That plication of the rules herein after preferibed (hall be duly obferved in the ap- thc half-pay* plication thereof; that is to fay. That no perfon (hall have or receive any part of the fame, who was a minor under the age Of fixteen years at the time when the regiment, troop or company

Ailno undcdmoGEORGir I., c. 9.	[1724;

pany in which he ferved, was reduced; that no pecfon fhall have orreceive any part of the fame, except .fuch perfons who did aftnal fervice in fome regiment, troop or company; that no perfon having any other place or employment of profit, civil or military* under his Majefty, (hall have 6r receive any part of the half-pay: that no chaplain of any garrifon or regiment, who has any ecclefiaftical benefice, or other preferment in Great Britain or Ireland, (hall have or receive any of the faid half-pay; that no perfon (hall have or receive any part of the fame, wno hath refigned his commiffion, and has had no commiflion fince; that no part of the fame (hall be allowed to any perfons, by virtue of any warrant or appointment, except to luch perfons who would nave been otherwife entitled to the fame, as reduced officer^; and that no part of the fame (hall be allowed to any of the officers of the five regiments of dragoons, and eight regiments of foot lately dilbanded in Ireland, except to fuch as were lately taken off the eftablifhment of half-pay in Great

Britain•

The overplus, XXII. And whereas by an ail ef parliament made in the tenth now tohe dif- year ef his Majejly's reign, for continuing the duties on malt, mum, KqLt ‘ c t cyfor and perry, to raife money by way of a lottery for the fervice of r V. ftp	1 fa	yCar one thoufmdfeven hundred twenty four, and for other

fwpofes therein exprejfed, federal fuppUes which had been granted to *	his Majefty, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to fevered ufes

and purpofes therein exprejfed, among which any fum or Jims not exceeding the fum of Jeventy nine thoufand pounds, upon account pf half pay for the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty four, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced officers of bis Ma-jefly's land-forces and marines, fubjeft nevertbelejs to fuch rules to be ohferved in the application of the faid half pay, as in and by the a-forefaid a£t were preferibea in that behalf: now it is hereby provided, enadted and declared by the authority aforefjud. That fo much of the (aid fum of feventy nine thoufand pounds, as is or (hall he more than fufficient to fatisfy the faid reduced officers, according to the faid rules by the aforefaid adt preferibed %o be obferved in the application thereof, or any part of fuch overplus, (hall or may be difpofed to fuch officers who were maimed or loft their limbs in the late wars, °r to fuch others as by reafon of their long fervice, or otherwife, his Majefty lhall judge to be proper objedts of charity, or to the widows or children of fuch officers, according to fuch warrant or warrants under his Majefty’s royal (ign manual, as (hall be (igned in that behalf; any thing in this adt, or the faid former adfc, to the contrary notwithftanding.

Claui'e touching loft bills, tickets or orders, ire. Further time given for payment of the duties on money given witj) apprentices* EX f.

CAP,

mjz4 ]	Anno uhdcctmoGfioRGii I. c.ij*	20$

C A P. IX.

An ail for continuing the federal annuities of eighty eight iboufand feven hundred fifty 6ne pouhdsfcven Jhiltings and ten fence halfpenny, and one hundred thoufand founds to the bank of England, until Midfummer one thoufand feven hundred twenty /even; and from thence, for reducing the fame to feventy one thoufand and one founds two jbtE* lings and three fence three farthings, and eighty thoufand founds, redeemable by parliaments and for preventing the uttering of forged, counterfeited or erafed bank-bills of notes.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament, made anipajfed in the 7 Anns, c. fm feventb year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, (of blejfed memory) intituled, An a<St for enlarging the capital ftock of the bank of England 5 and for railing a further fupply to her Majefty, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred stnd nine ; the governor and company of the bank of England were obliged, in the maniief therein mentioned*, to deliver up to be cancelled certain exchequer-bills, which had been made forth by a former Oft of parliament in that behalf $ Which bills, With interejt thereupon, were computed to amount to feventeen hundred feventy-five thou+ fand twenty feven pounds feventeen Jhiltings and ten pence halfpenny { and to the end the faid governor and company of the bonk pf Eng-* land, and their futcejfors, might have a competent recompence and confederation for fo doing, and for all their demands relating thereto, it was by the fatd aft of the feventb year of her laid late Majefty*$ reign enabled, that from and after the feaji of Saint Michael the Archangel in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and ten, the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their fuccejfors, Jhould have, receive and enjoy one annuity or yearly fum of one hundred and fix thoufand and five hundred and one pounds thirteen Jhiltings and five pence, out of fuch duties on houfes as are therein mentioned: but it was thereby provided and enafted. That at any time, upon one year*s notice to the faid governor and company of the bank of England, or their fuccejfors, and upon full payment to them of the faid fum of one million feven hundred feventy five thou-fand twenty feven pounds feventeen Jhiltings and ten pence halfpenny, and of all arrears of the faid annuity of one hundred and fix thoufand five hundred and one pounds thirteen Jhiltings and Jive pence per annum, (if any Jhould be then due) then, and not till then, the faid annuity of one hundred and fix thoufand five hundred and one pounds thirteen Jhiltings and five pence per annum, Jhould ceafe and determine ; and then alfo the faid duties oti houfes Jhould be underjlood to be redeemed by parliament, and Jhould not be ijfued, paid or applied to any ufe or purpofe whatsoever, but by the authority of parliament: and whereas in an aft of parliament, made and pajfed in the third year of your Majefty*s reign, intituled, An zA for redeeming fe- $Geo. u c.9» *' ■-	'	veral

i

Anno uiidccimo GfeokOii I. c.g.	[ 17242

vend funds of the governor and company of the bank of England\ purfuant to former provifocs ,6f Redemption; and for fecuring to tbenrfeveral new fund9 and allowances redeemable by parliament ; and for obliging them to advance further funis not exceeding two millions five hundred thoufand pounds, at fivd pounds per centum per annum, as (hall be found neceflary to be employed in lefleningthe national debts and incumbrances; and for continuing certain provifion? formerly made for the expence of your Majefty’s civil government; and for payment of annuities formerly purchafed at the rate of five pounds per centum $ and for other purpofes in the faid a<Jt mentioned, reciting, that the faid governor and company of the hank {/'England, in regard the common rate of intcrejl-money was very much lejfened under your Mayfly's moji aufpicious government, and that feveral of the funds of the faid governor and company of the bank of England, in the faid aft mentioned, were redeemable at fuch times, and in Jucb manner, as m the faid aft are particularly fet forth; and that they the faid governor ana company were willing and contented to accept me annuity of eighty eight tbmfoni feven hundred fifty onefounds feven /killings and ten pmee halfpenny, being after tie rate of five pounds per centum per annum, on the faid principalfum of one million feven hundredfeven-U five thoufand twenty feven pounds feventeen jhillings and ten pence halfpenny, in lieu of their then prefent annuity or fum of one hundred and fix. thoufand five hundred and one pounds thirteen Jbillings oaf five pence per annum; and that the faid governor and company were alfo willing and contented to difeharge and deliver up to be cancelled, as many ef the exchequer-bids, formerly made forth, as amounted to two millions in principal money, and to accept an annuity or fum of one hundred thoufand pounds per annum, being after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, for the fame: it was in and by the faid aft of the third year of your Maiefly's reign enafted. That the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their fuc-ccjfors, Jbould have, receive and enjoy the faid annuity or yearly fum of eighty eight thoufand feven hundred fifty one pounds feven /hidings and ten pence halfpenny, in refpeft of the faid principal fum of one million feven hundred Jeventy five thoufand twenty feven pounds feven-teen /hillings and ten penee halfpenny ; which annual or yearly fum of eighty eight thoufand feven hundred fifty one pounds feven /hillings and ten pence halfpenny, was thereby charged upon, and made payable from time to time, out of all the monies arifen or to arife, at the receipt of your Majejly's exchequer, of or for the particular duties ott houfes therein mentioned, and of or for the faid duties and revenueSi commonly called the aggregate fund, and every or any of them, and was to be paid to the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their fucce/fors for. ever, from the feajl of the nativity of Saint John Baptift one thoufand feven hundred and eighteen, at the four moji ufual feajls, or days of payment in the year, by even and equal portions; all which payments were to be made in fuch manner and form, and with fuch preference as are in the faid aft preferibed ' in that behalf: but it was thereby alfo provided and enafted, That upon me year's notice to be given at toe faid feajl of the nativity oj^

*7*4*1 Anno undecimo Georgii I. c.9,	R07

Saint John Baptift one thoufand feven hundred and eighteen, dir any quarterly feaji-day after, tied upon repayment by parliament, to tie Jaid governor and company of the hank of England, or their fiucef-firs, of the faii fum of one million feyen hundred feventy five thm-fund twenty jeven pounds feventeen fallings and ten pence halfpenny,, and of all arrears of the find annuity of eighty eight thoufand /even hundred fifty one pounds feven /billings and ten pence halfpenny per annum, (if any Jhould be then due) then, and not till then, the fad ' annuity of eighty eight thoufand /even hundred fifty one pounds jeven Jbillings and ten pence halfpenny per annum, Jhould ceafe and determine ; and in and by the /aid aft it was further provideaand enaftei,

That the find governor and company of the bank of England Jhould, on or before the twenty fifth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and feventeen9 deliver up as many exchequer-bins formerly made forth (then being uncancelled and undifcbarged) as amounted to the fum of two millions in principal money, to fuch perfon or perfins as the commijfioners of his Majfftft treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, Jhould nominate, to he dtfiharged, cancelled and made void; and that, from and after the feajl of the birth of our Lord Chriji one thoufand feven hundred and feventeen, the faid governor and company of the bank of England,' and their fiucejfors for ever, Jhould have, receive and enjoy one an-nuity or yearly fum of one hundred thoufand pounds, being after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, combated upon the find principal fum of two millions; which yearly fum of one hundred thoufand pounds was thereby charged upon and made payable, from time.to time, out of all the monies arifing or to arife at the receipt of your MajeJiys exchequer, as well of or for the faid fiveral duties, revenues and incomes, called the aggregate fund aforefaid, as of or for the faid particular duties on houfes, and was to be paid at fucb times, and in fuch manner and form, and with fuch preference as are in the faid aft prefcribed in that behalf: and it is by the faid aftalfi tnafted and provided, That at any time, upon one year9s notice to be given at the feajl of the birth of our Lord Cbrifl one thoufandfeven hundred and feventeen, or any quarterly ftafi-day after, and not before, and upon repayment by parliament to the find governor and company of the bank of England, or their fuccffors, of the faid fum of two millions, and of all arrearages of the Jaid yearly fum of one hundred thoufand pounds (if any Jhould be die at the time of fuch pay-mints) then, and not till then, the faid annuity of one hundred tbou-fond pounds per annum Jhould ceafe and determine, as in and by the faid aft it doth and may more fully and at large appear: and whereas, purfuant to the faid aft, and the provifions therein contained, the faid governor and company of the bank of England did, on or before the twenty fifth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and feventeen, deliver up as many of the faid exchequer-bills as amounted $0 the faidfum of two millions in principal money, and the fame were dtfiharged, cancelled and made void; and they the faid governor and eompany of the bank of England have, ever fence the faid feajl of the birth of our Lord Chriji one thoufand feven hundred and feventeen, received and enjoyed the jaid annuity or yearly fum of one hundred 2	thoufand

*

*0$	Artno	undecimo	Osoiton I. c« $:	1*7*4?

tboufand pounds,	fill entitled unto the fame: and whereas in

% Geo. i. c. j.W by one other aft of parliament made in the fifth year of your Ma+ jeftfs reign, intituled. An alt for applying* certain overplus mo--' nies, and further fums to be raifed, as well by way of a lottery as by loans,' towards paying off and cancelling exchequer-bills, and for lcflerrfrig the prefent great charge in fetation to thofe 'bills, and for circulating and exchanging for ready money the ‘rcfidue of the fairte bills for the future, it is amongfi divert othef ' matters and things enafted and declared, That all the faid pattitulat duties on houfes, and all the faid other rates, duties, revenues and id* 4Geo. i. c. s. *omes, which by the faid aft of the third year of your Majefifs reign were fettled for anfwering the rifpeftive payments therein mentioned (and which are denominated to be the aggregate fund) and every of them Jhould be continued, and be paid and payable to your Majefiyj your heirs and fuccejfors for ever, and that all the monies of the faid duties, revenues and incomes, which Jhould or ought to be brought in* to the receipt of the exchequer, (except thenecejfary ehargesof raifingi telle ftingi levying, iffuing, paying and accounting for the fame) Jhould be and are hereby appropriated, and Jhould be ijfued and applied to and for the repayment and fatisfaftion of feveral yearly and other fums in. the fdid aft particularly exprejfed, in the due courfe, and with Juch. preferences as are thereby appointed, amongfi which payments an ex-prefs provifion is made for payment of the Jaid feveral and refpeftivo annuities of eighty eight tboufand feven hundred fifty one pounds feven /killings and ten pence halfpenny, and one hundred thoufand pounds per annum; and it was thereby enafted. That the faid feveral annuities, and either of them, Jhould feverafiy and refpeftively be re-deemable upon fuch payments, and in filch manner and form at in and by the rejpeftive provifiohs contained in the recited aft of the third year of your Majefiy's reign, ate prefctibed for the redemption there* of: and whereas due notice was given by the right honourable Spencer Compton, efquire, fpeaker of the houfe of commons, to the faid governor and company of thk bank of England^ for paying of thot faid principal fium of one million feven hundred feVenty five thoufand twenty feven pounds feventeen JhiUings and ten pence halfpenny, and fir redeeming the faid annuity of eighty eight thoufand Jeven hundred fifty one pounds JeVen JhiUings and ten pence halfpenny, attending thereon, at the feafl of the ndtivity of Saint John Baptift which Jhall be in' the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty five, and purfuant to the faid notice, the fame is redeemable accord* ingly: and whereas the governor and company of the bank of England have agreed and confented. That in safe they may be permitted to enjoy the faid annuities of eighty eight thoufand feven hundred fifty one pounds Jeven JhiUings and ten pence halfpenny, and one hundred thoufand pounds, until the feafi of the nativity of Saint John Bap‘-tift which Jhall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred Further provi- and twenty feven ; that from and after the faid feafi-day not only Jfjjjfiretat**& their fail annuity of eighty eight thoufand Jeven hundred fifty one s/Stat.**. c?8. P°un^ faen JhiUings and ten pence halfpenny, but alfo their annuity f.*3. * ** of one hundred thoufand pounds per annum, upon the refpeftive fums sGeaa. c. 3. of one million feven hundredJeventy five thoufand twenty feven pound*

feventeen

1724.] Anno Undectmo Cttoitdli I. c.9.	209

'/eventeen /hillings and ten pence halfpenny, and two millions, Jhdll It

actually reduced to four pounds per ceotum per annum, and be like-

wife from thenceforth redeemable by farliament: now we your Ma-

jefty*s moft dutiful and loyal (ubjefts, the commons of Great

Britain in parliament aflembled, being defirous to have the pub-

lick debts and incumbrances leflened and difcharged as faft as

conveniently may be, with regard to juflice and the publick

faith, do humbly befeech youf Majefty, that it may be enafted;

and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and

"With tile advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal

and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the

authority of the fame. That from and after the feaft of the na- After 14 June

tivity of Saint John Bapti/l which fhall be in the year of our 1717,annuities

Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty feven, the faidto the bank of

iefpeftive annuities aforefaid fhall ceafeand determine; and the

faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their 100,0001." to be

fucceflors. (fubjeft neverthelefs to the provifo and power of re- reduced to

demption hereafter in this aft contained in that behalf, and none 7*»ooi 1.»

other) fhall have, receive and enjoy, in lieu of the refpeftivean-

nuities aforefaid, one annuity or yearly fum of feventy one thou- °*

land and one pounds two (hillings and three pence three far*

things, in refpeft of the faid principal fum of One million feven

hundred feventy five thoufand and twenty feven pounds feven-

teen (hillings and ten pence halfpenny, and one other annuity

far yearly fum of eighty thoufand pounds, in refpeft of the faid

principal fum of two millions ; which faid feveral and refpeftive

annual or yearly fums of feventy one thoufand and one pounds

two (hillings and three pence three farthings, and eighty thou*

fand pounds, fhall be and are hereby charged upon and (hall be

paid and payable, from time to time, out of all the monies arifen*

or to arife, at the faid receipt of the exchequer, of or for the

faid particular duties on houfes aforefaid, and of and for the du*

ties and revenues called the aggregate fund, and every or any

of them; and (hall be paid and payable to the faid governor

and company of the bank of England, and their fucceflors fot

ever, from the faid feaft of the nativity 6f Saint John Baptift one

thoufand feven hundred and twenty feven, at the four moft ufual

feafts or days of payment in the year, by even and equal por*

tions; all which payments (hall alfo be made in fuch manner

and form, and on fuch conditions, and with fuch preference, as

are in the faid aft preferibed and direfted, in relation to the faid

feveral annuities of eighty eight thoufand feven hundred fifty

one pounds feven lhiflings and ten pence halfpenny, and one

hundred thoufand pounds per annum refpeftively.

II.	Provided always, and it is hereby enafted, That upon re* on repayment payment by parliament to the faid governor and company of the annuities to bank of England, and their fucceflbrs, of the. faid feveral and refpeftive principal fums of one million, feven hundred feventy qJJJ” c# 'live thoufand twenty feven pounds feventeeo (hillings and ten %	#

pence halfpenny, and two millions, without any deduftion, cbfcount or abatement whatfoever to be made out of the fame,

Vot. XV.	’ P	or

4lo	Anno undecimo Georgii I. C. 9.	[1724.

or any part thereof, and of all arrears of the faid refpe&ive annuities of feventy one thoufand and one pounds two (hillinei and three pence three fartftings, and eighty thoufand pounds per annum, (if any fuch (hall be then due) then, and not till then, the (aid feveral and refpedive annuities of feventy one thoufand and one pounds two (hillings and three pence three farthings and eighty thoufand pounds, or either of them which (hall be fo redeemed, (hall from thenceforth ceafe and determine; any former ad or ads of parliament, or any provifoes, matters or things therein contained, or any other matter or thing what-foever to the contrary notwithftanding.

Aiany part^f m. Jnd in regard it is intended that the faid annuities may ie fumsTrTtMiid faisfied b anf payments, not being lefs than five hundred thoufand off, a proper .pounds of lawful money of Great Britain at a time, and that as the tkmal part of faid principal money fhall be paid off* the faid debt and annuities JbaU Proportionally fink and be abated; be it therefore provided and en-to be abated,	by the authority aforefaid. That if at any time or times

payment be made of any fum or fums of money, (not being lefs than five hundred thoufand pounds at a time,) in part for the refpedive principal fums, for which the faid annuities (hall be payable as aforefaid, and alfo if payment be made of all arrearages then due to them, of the lame annuities, or fo much of thofe arrearages, as (hall bear a proportion to the principal monies from time to time remaining unlatisfied, being computed till the time of every fuch payment of part of the principal re-fpedively, then from and after every fuch payment fo made, (b much of the faid annuities, as (hall bear proportion to the monies fo paid in part of the (aid principal, (hall ceafe, determine and be abated; any thing in this, or in any former ad or ads of parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV. And it is hereby enaded by the authority aforefaid, That Thefe. annui- the faid annuities, or fums of feventy one thoufand and one ties perfonal pounds two (hillings and three pence three farthings, and eigh-***** ty thouiand pounds, and either of them, (hall be deemed and adjudged to be perfonal eftates, and the fame, and the (lock and docks, which the faid governor and company of the bank of England* now have, or are entitled unto, as alfo all fuch (lock or (locks, which the faid governor and company (hall or may be entitled unto by virtue of this a£t, and alfo the principal fume and annuities payable to the faid governor and company, for or in refped of any fuch (lock or (locks, are and (hall by virtue of this a St be clear and free, and freed and difeharged of and from all taxes, charges and publick impofitions whatfoever, charged or to be charged thereupon, and (hall not be liable to any foreign attachments; any law, cuftom or u(age to the contrary notwkn-(landing.

Ptfwers offer* V. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. mer ads con* That the faid former ads above recited or mentioned, and a£ turned, &c. the powers, authorities, privileges and advantages* rules,, di* redions, pains, penalties and forfeitures, daufes,. matters and* things therein contained, being now in force (Inch alterations as*

are

iji+i Anno undedmdG£orgIiI. c.9.	.	si*

ire therein made by this ad only excepted) (hall continue and be ufed, exercifed, inflidted, applied and put in practice and Execution, as fully as if the faid powers, authorities, privileges fcnd advantages, rules, directions, pains, penalties and forfeitures, claufes, matters arid things, were again repeated andre-ena&ed in the body of this prefent ad; arid that the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their fucceflors,

(hall continuetob*acorporation,and (hall enjoy thefeveralannuities or fums of feventy one thoufand ana one pounds two (hillings and three pence three farthings, and eighty thoufand pounds, till they refpedively (hall be redeemed as aforefaid; and (hall enjoy all fuch capacities, powers, privileges and advantages* to the faia governor and company of the bank of England, as a Corporation belonging, until the faid annuities or yearly fums (hall be redeemed (according to the provifo in this ad contained concerning the fame) freed and difcharged of and from all for-tner and other provifoes and powers of redemption whatfoever, for redeeming the faid duties or revenues called the aggregate fund, or the faid duties on houfes, or any of them; any former ad or ftatute; or any claufe, matter or thing in this ad contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

VI.	And whereds of late divers frauds and deceits have been put upon the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and ^anIsSr other per Jons, by the altering, forging and counterfeiting of the bank- notc$> feloay* bills, and bank-notes of the jaid governor and company, and by the * erajing and altering the faid bills and notes, and the endorfements thereupon, and by the tendring in payment, uttering, vending, exchanging and bartering, of filth altered, forged, counterfeited and erafed bills and notes, and the endorfements thereupon, to the prejudice < of publick credit, and to the great hurt and diminution of trade and commerce; for redreffing whereof for the future, be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons (hall alter, forge or counterfeit any bank-bill or bank-note, made or

S'ven out for the payment of any fum of money, by or for the id governor and company, or any bank-note of any fort what? foever, or (hall erafe or alter any fuch bill or note, or any en-dorfement thereupon, or (hall tender in payment, utter, vend, exchange or barter, any fuch altered, forged or counterfeited bill or note, or any erafed or altered bill or note, or the endorfe* ment thereupon, or demand to have the fame exchanged for feady money by the faid governor and company, or their fuc-cfcflbrs, or any other perlon or perfons (knowing fuch bill or jftotfc, or the endorfement thereupon, fo tendred or demanded to .be exchanged, vended or barters, to be altered, forged, counterfeited or erafed) and with intention to defraud the (aid governor and company, or their fucceflors, or any other perfon or perfons, body politick or corporate; then every fuch perfon or peribos fo offending, (being thereof lawfully convilted) (ball be, and is hereby declared and adjudged a felon, and (hall fuffer aa in cafes of felony.

Pa	CAP.

«- •

AnnoundetimoGeorgii I. c.io,ti,i2. [1744.’

CAP. X.

An aft to enable the jnftices of the peace for the eaft-ridingof the county . of York, to take down the county bridge, called Stanford Bridge, and to build a (tone bridge at a more convenient place over the river Dar-went in the faid riding inftead thereof.

Juftices of the eaft-riding Com. Ebor. may take down Stanford bridge, and build a new bridge at a more convenient place, to be the county bridge* Juftices may tax the inhabitants thereto. Juftices may fell the materials of the old briage. May purchafe ground for making a new road to the new bridge. Taxes not to exceed 4d. per pound.

;	4	cap. xi.

An aft for repairing the roads therein mentioned, from the parifh of Enfield in the county of Middlefex, to the town of Hertford, and to the great bridge in Ware in the county of Hertford.

The tolls granted by this aft, took place from the third of May 17x5. and to continue for xi years. Continued and enlarged 6 Geo. x. c. 15.

CAP. XII.

An aft for incorporating the executors of the laft will and teftament of Thomas Guy, late of the city of London, efq-* deceafed* and others, in order to the better management and difpofition of the charities given by bis faid lafi will.

WHEREAS Thomas Guy, late of the city of London, efquire* deceafed, having in bis lifetime, at bis own cofts and charges* treUed in the parifh of Sc. Thomas in Southwark, one new large build-* ingy confijling of two fquares, with feveral other proper edifices thereunto adjoining or belonging, did on the twenty feventb day of December in the year of out Lord one tboufand /even hundred and twenty four, depart this life, having duly made and executed bis laft will and teftament, bearing date the fourth day of September before the faid day of bis deceafe* and in and by bis faid laft will and teftament, did five, devife and bequeath* ail the reft and refidue of bis eft ate wbatfoever and wberefoever, both real and perfonal, after the payment of bis debts, legacies and funeral charges therein mentioned, and fubjed to the payment of Jeveral annuities and yearly ham therein bequeathed (which faid refiduary part of the faid teftator’s eft ate* is computed by the executors of bis faid will, tobeoftbe value of two hundred tboufand pounds and upwards) unto Sir Gregory Page, baronet* Charles Joye and William Clayton, efquires, Mr. Thomas HoLJia, Jenior, John Kenrick and John Lade, efquires, Dr. Richard Mead, Mofes Raper, efquire, and Mr. John Sprint, governors of the prefent boftital of St. Thomas, their heirs* executorst adminift rotors and ajfigns tefpe&ively, upon the truft* and for fuebufes, intents and purpofes, as an therein direfted and appointed, and did thereby likewife ordain, conftituU and appoint tbe faid Sir Gregory Page, baronet, Charles Joye and William Clayton, efquires, Mr. Thomas Hollis, fenior, John Kenrick add. John Lade, efqutrcs. Dr. Richard Mead, Mofes Raper, efquire, and Mr. John Sprint, executors of bis faid laft will, ontruft as aforefmi, and 4id thereby declare bis mind and will to be. That until fucb incorporation by letters patent, ora&of parliament, as is therein dire&ed, could be obtained undtakeeffc&i bis faid txwutns, and therein laft mentioned truftets* tbek

'	beirty

4-] Anno undecimo GeoR6ii I. c.tt.

, executors, adminijlrators and ajjigns, and afterwards fuel corpora* fbould, out 0/ t/bo Refiduum of 2>ix ejlate, or tbe rents, inter efts, of profits thereof 1 carry on, oroft, finifb, and fit up, tbe two new J'quares tidings in Southwark, by him then femetime fince began, and in* d for an bofpital for reception of Jhcb fick perjons as are therein of-icntioned, and fucb other ereSions, offices and buildings, as fbould, t opinion of bis faid executors and truflees* be for that purpofe fur• neceffary; and alfo provide and fumifb tbe fame with beds, and all conveniencies, for tbe reception of and receive and entertain there-bur hundred poor perfons, or upwards, labouring under any dtflem-infirmities or disorders, thought capable of relief by pbyfick or ry, but who by reafon of tbe Jmall hopes there might be of their or tbe length of time, which for that purpofe might be required or *bt neceffary, were or might be adjudged or called incurable, and cby not proper objeSls to be received into, or continued in tbe prefent al of St. Thomas, or other bofpitals, in and by wbicb no provifion 'ten made for diflempers deemed or called incurable, (of whom bo res bis mind to be, that they receive and entertain lunaticks, adjudge • called as aforefaid incurable, not exceeding twenty in number at ime) fucb poor perfons to be cbofen and appointed by bis faid execu-nd trujlees, out of fucb patients and perfons, who Jball be difebarg-t of tbe bofpital of St. Thomas or Bethlehem, or other bofpitals, on nt of tbe Jmall hopes of tbeir cure, or tbe great length of time for that fe required or thought neceffary, and on fucb or any other account* ■ged or called incurable, and not fit to be continued in tbe faid bofpital . Thomas or Bethlehem, or other bofpitals, or fucb other poor fick is or lunaticks, as under fucb or tbe like circumjtances, fbould aptly faid executors and trufiees for relief, at tbe diferetion and pleafura ‘ faid executors and trujlees, to whom be fubmits tbe feveral fpecies ids of fick perfons deemed or called incurable, who /ball be admitted be faid intended bofpital; and bos further thereby direSed, that bis executors and trufiees fbould provide Juitable and proper diet, pby-and all other neceffaries, for tbe maintenance, relief or cure of fucb arfims during tbeir lives, or for fo long time as bis faid executors ruftees fbould think fit to continue them under tbeir care in tbe faid iedbofpital; and batbtbenby further declared bis mind and will to be* fucb poor fick perfons received into, and entertained in tbe faid ith i bofpital, fbould be fuhjeU at all times to bis faid executors and es, and to Jucb rules and orders as they fbould tbink fit to make for behaviour in tbe faid intended bofpital, and liable to be expelled thence and removed at tbe pleafure of bis faid executors and trujlees, Other like fick perfons admitted ana entertained in tbeir room; and ry further declares bis mind and will to be, that if bis faid execu* wd trujlees fbould not find caufe, or fbould on any account wbatfo-not tbink Jit to keep all, or great part of tbe beds or wards in tbe Intended bofpital, filled and fupplied with fick perfons deemed or I incurable, it fbould be lawful for them to caufe any number of tbe !ieds or wards to be filled arid made ufe of in like manner, and with >atients, as tbe beds in tbe bofpital of Sl Thomas are ordinarily for; all wbicb patients fo to be received and taken in from time to into tbe faid intended bofpital as incurable or otberwife, be bath de* i bis mind to be, that bis faid executors and trujlees flould provide \ things, at near as might he, according to tbe courfe, cuflon}t and 1 if kite years prevailing and praSifed Hi the faid prefent bofpiikl of.

214.	Anno	undechno	Georgii	I;	e.12.	f	1714.

St. Thomas; and be bath thereby further declared bis mbid and will It be, and far the better and more regular difpofition and management of the affairs and bufinefs of the faid intetided bofpital, and for perpetuating tit charity thereby intended, and the provifion for the fame, be both thereby ordered and appointed, and eameftly defired and'entreated bis faid executors and trifttes, forthwith after bis deccaft, by bumble application to bit Majcjly, or to tbs legiflature, to endeavour to obtain letters patent Under the great feel, or an oB of parliament, incorporating bis faid executors and laft named truftees, together with Mr, Benjamin Brain e, fender, Mr. Thomas Clark, William Cole, efquire, doBor Thomas Crow, DoBor Francis Fauquier, Mr. Jofhua Gee, Mr. Matthew Howard DoBcr Edward Hulfe, Mr Samuel Leflingham, Mr. H?nry Lovefy Mr. Samuel Monk, Mr. Jofeph Paice, femor, Mr. Daniel Powtej Mr. Thomas Styles,/amor, and alfo Robert Atwood, Robert Briftow and Jonathan BJackwell, efquires, Mr. James Brooks, Deputy Richard Chauncey, Richard Chifwell, efquire, Deputy John Carbonnel, Wfl* Ham Dawfon and Richard Ducane, efquires, Sir Peter Eaton and Sir Nathaniel Gould, knights, Thomas Gearing and Peter Godfrey, efquires, Mr. Nathaniel Garland, Mr. John Gunfton, Edmund Halfey, efquire^ Mr. Henry Hankey, Mr. Thomas Hucks, Mr. William Kiog, Mr. James Lamb, Mr. James Leaver, Mr. Percival Lewis, Captain Daniel Locke, John London, efquire, Thomas Malyn junior, and Nathani^ Micklethwaite, efquires, Mr. Samuel Mayo, Mr. Thomas Martin, Mr. Francis Moult, Mr. Jofiah Nicholfon, Mr. Nathaniel Newnham, Jeremiah Sambrooke, efquire, Mr. Samuel Sheafe, John Smith, efquire. Sir John Tafli, knight, Peter Theobalds, efquires, and Mu Jamef Townfliend, of Cbeapfide, (the faid gentlemen being then all governors of the prefent bofpital of St. ThomasJ or fo many of the faid gentlemen, as fbould be living at the time of procuring fucb intended corporation, and willing to become members thereof \ -ana fo many other gentlemen, governors, or reputed governors of the prefent bofpital of St. Thomas, or others, by bis faid executors, or the major part of them to be appointed, as together with bis faid executors and other the gentlemen above named, /ball make up the number of fifty at the leaf, and not exceed fixty, and ibeir fuccejfors, in manner by fucb letters patent or aB of parliament di-re&ea and expreffed, to be from time to time eleBed and admitted members of fucb intended corporation, into one diftinB and feparatc body politick or corporate, with perpetual fucceffion, for tbe better managing ml governing of tbe faid intended bofpital, and for tbe better fettling and ap-% plying tbe faid refidue of bis eftate for fucb ufes as aforefaid, ana for fucb other and further ufes as are therein after appointed, wi\b a prefident and treafurer, and fucb other officers of tbe faid intended corporation, as by bis faid executors fbould be thought necefjary or convenient in fucb letters patent or a3 of parliament to be named and appointed, and in manner therein directed, to be from time to time for ever thereafter fucceffively into fucb refpeBive offices eleBed and admitted, by fucb name or names, or It bis Majefty or tbe legiflature fbould feem proper, and by fucb name or names to have perpetual fucceffion, with power to have and ufe a fe-parate and dijlinfl common Jeal for tbe neceffary affairs of tbe faid intended corporation, and with power by fucb name or names as aforefaid, to have, bold, take, enjoy, alien, transfer, and difpofe of tbe faid thereby before deviftd refiduary part of bis eftate, and therewith or with any part thereof, to purebafe, take and enjoy mejfuages, lands, tenements, fee-farm rents, or other eftetes qf inheritance, for perpetuity or edermjft, id ter

■ tbe

*7*4-1 Anno undedrtio Georoii I. c. 12.

the value of tie faid refiduary part of bis eftate, or to fucb further or other yearly value9 as to bis faid Majefty or the legijlature fbould feem convenient, and with power and capacity m law to fue and be fued, to implead and be impleaded, anfwer mid be anjwered unto by fucb name or names as aforefaid, in any court or courts of record, or clfewbere, and with fucb other powers, privileges end capacities in law, as to bis Majefty or the legtflature fbould Jeem meet to be granted; and declared bis mind and will to be, and further defired bis faid executors and lajl named truftees, by fucb bumble application as aforefaid, to Ids Majefty or the legijlature, to endeavour to obtain and procure that by fucb letters patent or 08 of parliament as aforefaid, a committee be appointed of one and twenty of the members of fucb intended corporation, for the more conftant and ordinary management and application of the faid refiduary part of bis eftate, and if the charity thereby intended, to which committee, or to fucb number of them as fbould be thought convenient, when convened and aft Jembled, by and with tbe prcfident and treafurer of tbe faid intended corporation, or one of them, be bath declared bis will and defire to be. That bis faid executors and truftees, by fucb letters patent or aQ of par-liament as aforefaid, endeavour to have granted and appointed fucb powers as may enable them in tbe moft effeQual manner to manage, fettle and apply tbe faid refiduary part of bis efiate, and tbe rents, interefis, dividends or other profits or produce thereof, to fucb ufes as by bis faid lajl will are dire&ed and appointed; and that by fucb Utters patent or ad of parliament it might be provided, that feven of tbe faid committee of one and twenty, or one third pan tberetf at tbe leqft, may yearly and every year go out of and be excluded tbeir refpe&tve places, as members of tbe faid committee, by tbe appointment of a general court or affembly of tbe members of tbe faid intended corporation, to be affembled and convened by tbe prefident or treafurer of fucb intended corporation, yearly and every year, at a time or rimes in fucb letters patent or aS of parliament to be appointed ; and that for that purpofe at fucb general court or affembly as mfitrejaid, fourteen of tbe members of tbe faid committee, for tbe year next preceding fucb general court or affembly, be firft ele&ed and cJbofrn members of & faid committee for tbe year then next enfuing, and feven other perfons out of fourteen of tbe members of tbe faid intended corporation, wbo wore not members of tbe faid committee for tbe year then next preceding, to be firft nominated by tbo faid committee for tbe year next preceding, bo by and at fucb general court and affembly as aforefaid, e-USed and appointed members of tbe faid committee for tbe year then next enfuing fucb eleSion; and that iti and by fucb letters patent or a& of parliament it be further provided and appointed, that tbe management and accounts of tbe faid committee of one and twenty, be from time to time fubjeB to tbe approbation or difallowance of a general court or affembly of tbe members or governors of fucb intended corporation, to be from time to time convened and fumnmed by proper and convenient notice, by tbe prefident or treafurer of fucb intended corporation for the time being; and did further declare bis mind, will and defire to be, that bis executors, by like bumble application as aforefaid, fbould endeavour to procure and obtain, that by fucb letters patent or a& of parliament as aforefaid, tbe laid Sir Gregory Page, baronet, be appointed tbe firft prefident of tbe laid intended corporation, and tbe faid Charles Joye, efyuire, tbe firft treafurer thereof, and tbe fold William Clayton, efquire, Mr. Thomas Hollis, fenior, John Kenrick and John Ladp, efquires, Doftor Richard MOfes EUper, tjfukf, mi Mr. John Sprint, and fie Jatf Mr,

f +

Anno undedmo GeorOii I. c. 12.'	[1714;

Benjamin Braine, fenior, Mr. Thomas Clarke, William Cole, efipure, Dofior Thomas Crow, Do&or Francis Fauquier, Mr. Jofhua Gee, Mr. Matthew Howard, DoBor Edward Hulfe, Mr. Samuel Leflingbam, Mr. Henry Lovell, Mr. Samuel Monk, Mr. Jofeph Paice, Mr. Da* niel Powle, and Mr. Thomas Styles, be appointed the firft members of the laid therein before-mentioned and intended committee, for the more eonjlant and ordinary management of the faid refiduary part of bis eftate, and charity thereby intended; or in cafe of the death of any of the gentle* men left above named, or tbeir refufal to accept of the refpeQive trufts thereby intended,, as prefident, treasurer or mouthers of the faid committee, then fucb other fit and able perfons to be named and appointed by bis /aid executors, to be prefident, treafurer and members of the faid committee, puking up the faid number of one and twenty; and that fry fucb letters patent or aSt of parliament as aforefaid, it be provided and granted, that the future ele&ions of the prefident and treafurer of tbe faid intended corporation, and alfo the election of tbe pbyficians and furgeons, and of tbe regifter, or clerk mid [olieitor, and of tbe chaplain to be employed in andabout tbe charity thereby intended, be referred to and referved for tbe members and governors of tbe faid intended corporation, or tbe major part of them in general court qjjembled as aforefaid, as alfo tbeir re* maval, difplacing and filling up, and that tbe offices of tbe apothecary^ ft award, matron, cook, fifters, and all other officers to be employed in and about tbe faid intended bofpital and charity, be referred to tbe ele&ion of tbe faid intended committee and tbeir fucceffors, and by them, and at tbeir pleafure to be altered, and tbe rcfpe&vve officers to be removed, dtfphtced, fupplied and filled up; and be tbe faid teftator both thereby declared bis mind and will further to be, that as foon as fucb intended corporation can be obtained and take effeSt, bis faid executors do forthwith pay, ajfign, transfer, and in due form of law, convey and make over all tbe faid refit duary part of bis eftate therein before devifed to them, or fo much thereof as fbould not have been applied and expended in and about tbe execution if bis faid will, to and for tbe ufes thereby directed and appointed, fubject to tbe payment of tbe Jeveral annuities therein before deviled, to tbe faid 'thereby intended corporation and tbeir fucceffors, upon the trufts, and to be by them applied, from time to time, to and for Jucb ufes9 intents and purpofes, as are in bis faid will for that purpofe directed and appointed; and bas declared biswill further to be, that tbe faid prefident, treafurer, committee and governors intended to be incorporated as aforejaid, do as footer as tbe fame can be done conveniently, lay out of tbe Jurplus of the faid refiduary part of bis perfonal eftate, or fp much thereof, as /ball not bf expended in building, fumifbing and fitting up tbe faid two fquares of building, or other the neceJJary charges and disburfements for fucb purr pofes, in tbe purebafe of meffuages, lands, ground-rents, fee-farm rents, or other eft ates of inheritance, or tbe reverfion thereof in fee-fimple, to tbe intent that tbe yearly and other rents and profits of fucb purebafes, together with tbe rents and profits of tbe faid refiduary part of bis reed eftate, be from time to time applied to, and become a perpetual provifion for tbe maintenance and cure of fucb poor fick perfons as are to be received into, and entertained in tbe faid intended bofpital, and for defraying and anfwering all other tbe eonjlant neceJTary charges and expenses in and about tbe fame; and that until tbe Jaid refiduary part of bis perfonal eftate fball be laid out in purebafes as aforefaid, tbe intereft, dividends, and other income or profits thereof, be from time to time, applied to fucb furpofes as qre before qppQWttd fpr tbe application of tbe rants and prt-

1724.] Anna undecimo Georgii I. c.12.

jits of fucb purebafesx and be both declared bit mind and will farther to be, that if it fbdll appear to the prefident, treafurer and governors, to be incorporated as aforefaid, that the yearly and other rents and profits of the faid refiduary part of bis real ejlate, and of tbe lands, mejfuages or other effaces, to be purebafed as aforefaid, fball be more tbanjitfficient to provide for, and anfwer tbe maintenance and cure of fucb poor fick perfons, as are thereby directed to be received into, and entertained in tbe faid two new fquares of building, and other neceffary charges and expences upon or about tbe faid intended bofpital, it jbould be lawful for tbe faid prefi-dent, treafurer and governors, incorporated as aforejaid, in general court to be affembled, and convened as aforefaid, or tbe majort part of them, to lay out, expend and apply, or dirett and empower tbe faid cmnmktee to lay out, expend and apply, fucb furphis of tbe rents and profits of tbe faid refiduary part of bis real ejlate, and if other tbe meffuages, lands, and other eflates, to be purebafed as aforefaid, to and for tbe relief of fucb other poor fick perfons, or fucb other proper obje&s of companion, as from time to time, to tbe faid prefident, treafurer and governors incorporated as aforefaid, Jbould appear moft worthy and deferving of pity and relief, or for fucb other publick and charitable ufes and purpofes, as they Jbould think convenient, as in and by tbe faid loft will and teftament, relation being thereunto bad, may more fully appear: ahd whereas tbe faid / recited laft will and teftament of tbe faid Thomas Guy, deceafed, both been fince duly proved in tbe prerogative court of Canterbury* and tbe admintfiration thereof committed on their application for that purpofe, under tbe feal of that court, to tbe faid above named Charles Joye, John Lade and John Ken rick, efquires; and whereas tbe; faid charity deferp-ttb to be promoted and encouraged, and will greatly tend to tbe honour and good of tbe publick, and tbe good and generous intentions of tbe faid tef-tator cannot befo well and fully effected as by an aS of parliament♦ and therefore for the promoting, eftablifbing, making good and effectual the faia pious and charitable intentions of tbe faid above named teftator, in bis faid laft will exprefftd; may it pleafe your moft excellent Ma-jefty, at the humble petition of your Majefty’s moft dutiful fubjetts, the (aid Sir Gregory Page, Charles Joye, William Clayton, Thomas Hollis, John Kenrick, John Lade, Doctor Richard Mead, Mofes Ra-per and John Sprint, executors of the faid above recited laft will and teftament of the hsATbomas Guy, deceafed, that it may be enacted, &c.

The governors in Thomas Guy efquire's laft will conftituted to be a body corporate, and have a common leal, and enabled to hold the eftate of Thomas Guy, efquire, for the ufe of the hofpital; may fue and be fued. There (hall be one prefident and treafurer# and twenty one committees. The prefident and treafurer to continue till their deaths Or removals. New ones to be elected by a general court within 40 days. The commit* tees above named to continue till the fecond of November next, and for a year after. Committees to be chofen annually, whereof feven to be new ones. If any fale of lands, &c. be made by the corporation, the fame to be laid out in fome other purchale. At a full court new govemorf may be ele&ed, but not to exceed fixty. If the governors at any time fliall not amount to forty, the lord chancellor. See, to nominate fit peribns to make up the number to fifty. They may make by-laws. Prefident or treafurer to have voices at courts, and on equality of votes, a carting voice. Phyficiaqs, See. to be chofen by a general court. All the ertatt real and perfonal verted in tbe prefident and governors. The terms and pther fecurities verted in John Lae, Sec. rtill to fubfirt in truft for the corporation. Executors to rtate their accounts, and lay them before a full court, &c. Prefident and governors may fet up a monument for Tho/nas Guy, efquire.	1	-	CAP,

1 * -«

tiS	Anno	undeciino	GeO^oii I.' c. ij,- 16.	[1724.

. cap. xm.

An aft for repairing and widening the road from Sherbrook-Hill near Buxton and Chapel in the Frith, in the county of Derby, to Manche&er in the county of Lancafter.

The tolls took place from i May 17*$. and to continue for *1 years* Continued by si Geo. a. c. is.

CAP. XIV.

An aft for repairing part of the road from London to Cambridge, begin* nine; at the end of the parilh of Foulroire in the feid county, next to Barley in the county of Hertford, and ending at the pavement in Trumpington-ftreet, in the town of Cambridge.

?he tolls took place from 1 May 17x5. to continue for si years* Chats-fated by 15 Geo. s. c. 16.

CAP. XV*

Ad aft for enlarging the term grafted by an aft made in the eighth year of the reign of her late majeity Qiieen Anne, intituled. An aft for re* pairing and amending the highways leading from Seven-Oaks to Woods* gate and Tunbridge-wells, m the county of Kent; and for explaining and making more effe&ual the fame aft $ and for amending (out a the tolls and duties anting by the tiud aft, and this preient aft) the highways leading from Woods-Gate aforefaid, to gippings croft-in the parifh of Brencluy, in the tiud county of Kent.

P Ann. c. is. is continued from *4 June 1715* for at. years* Continued 1y 94 Geo* a* c. is.

CAP. XVI.

An aft for rebuilding the pier and harbour of Parttm in the county of Cumberland.

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament pajfed in the fourth _	and fifth years of the reign of her late majefiy £)ueen Anne,

*. « 5.	intituled,	An aft for enlarging the pier and harbourof Partofi,in

ihe county of Cumberland, a duty was laid upon ell coals Jbipt or put on board any Jhip or vejfel in the faid pier and harbour of Parton, for the term of eleven years, for and towards enlarging, deepmng% (leanfing, maintaining and repairing the faid pier and harbour: and whereas the term for which the faid duties were granted> is fince ox-pired, and feveral of the trufiees, who were appointed by the faid aft for putting the Janto^in execution, living remote, others very tittle concerned or interefted in the prefervation of the faid harbour, and feveral others being dead, t^i works of the Jaid harbour, were neither built nor kept in repair as they ought to have been, but hove for fome years pafi been wholly neglefted, and are now become ruinous, to the great damage of the inhabitants there, who had built houfes upon a frofpeft of a conftderable trade in exportation of coals, and other the produce of the country, from the faid harbour, to the lofs of the coal trade, and of his Majefiy's cufioms there : For remedy whereof, and for preventing the utter lofs of the faid h4rbpur} be it f-nafted, £sV.

Duties on coal continued from 1 May 1725. for 15 years. Farther emd-mui from the expiration of this term for 11 years, by 5 Geo. a. c. 1$. An half* penny duty for every 19s gallons ot coals laden in the hajrbour. The bounds and limits of the harbour. The duties for all goods landeif at Parton, viz? For every liogihpad of fobgcco tfree pence $ for evegj

17*4'] Anno un&dfftb G&okgii I. c. 17.	117

J\og<head of fiigar fix pence ; for every ton of wine, brandy, or other exr cileable liquors two (hillings; for every tun of hemp or flax eighteen pence j for every hundred of deals eight pence \ for eyery laid of pitch or far eight pence 5 tor every ton of iron one (hilling \ for every barrel 6f herrings one penny; for every tun of raft or other timber four pence ; for every pack of linnen containing two hundred weight one (hilling, to be paid by the merchants* Tonnage to be paid by matters of (hips at their arrival. After fifteen years one third of the tonnage only to be paid. Np 'ft ones‘to be taken a wav from any rock within forty yards of the weft fide of the pier. No ballaft or other annoyance to be thrown into the har* hour. Ships running foul on the pier, .damage to be made goofL Trustees to meet at fcaft pnce a yea? to audit accounts, &c,

CAP. XVII. jin aft for redeeming the annuities of twenty five tboufand pounds per annum, charged on the civil lift revenues, by an aft of the feventbyear of bis Majeftfs reign; and for difcharging the debts and arrears due from his Majefty to bis fcrvants, tradefmen, and others.

MOST gracious Sovereign, whereas by an aft of parliament made 7 Geo. 1. fcg, andpaffid in the feventh year of your Majefty's reign, intituled, 1 •c- *7*

An adt for railing a fum not exceeding five Hundred thoufand pounds, by charging annuities, at the rate of five pounds pet centum per annum, upon the civil lift revenues, till redeemed by the crown; and for enabling his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflbr*»

(by caufing fuch a deduction to be made as therein is mention* ed) to make good to the civil lift the payments, which ibatt have been made upon the faid annuities; and for borrowing pnoney upon certain lottery tickets; and for difcbarging the corporations for afturances of part of the money they Were ob+ liged to pay to his Majefty; and for making good a deficiency to the Eajl-India company, it was enafted, That yearly and every par, from and after the feajfl of the nativity of Saint John Baptift in the year of our Lord one tboufand feven hundred and twenty one a . certain yearly fund, to be computed after the rate of five pounds pec pentum per annum, for and upon all the annuities to be pur chafed on the faid aft, was and Jbould by force and virtue of thefaid aft, be fettled and efiablijbed, and be payable in the manner and form therein 'exprejfed and declared, for fatifying and Hfcharging the fame ennui* ties, from time to time, until the fame jtmld be redeemed by your Majefty, your heirs and faceffors* according to the true intent and meaning of thefaid aft 5 and that the faid yearly fund was and Jbouli be charged and chargeable upon, and be payable out of all the revenues, additional revenues, duties and branches wbatfoever, fettled or op~ pointed for the fupport of pur Majefty* s houjhold, and the honour and dignity of the crown, as will tbofe which are hereditary, as thofo which were granted during your Majefly's life, and every of them, for and during the whole term of your Majefty* s life, unlefs all tho fad annuities Jbould fooner be compleatly redeemed, according to the provifo and power of redemption therein contained in that behalf; and in cafe of pur Majeftfs demife before the compleat redemption of all the fad annuities, toon the fad yearly fund was thereby charged upon %	'	the

Annoniftdecimo GeoRGTX I. C. if. [17*4:

the find hereditary revenues* duties and tranches*	wrf them?

until the compleat redemption' of all the faid annuities: ana by the find aft it was enafted» That any terfon or perfons might contribute* advance and toy to the perfon* and in the manner therein mentioned* any fum or fums of money* not exceeding in the whole the fum of five hundred thoufand pounds*for the pur chafe of any annuity or annuities 9 to commence from the faiafeqft of the nativity of Saint John Baptift, one thoufand [even hundred and twenty one* to be paid and portable to fitch contributor or contributors* bis* her or their executors* admini-Jhrators or afjtgns refpeftively until the fame Jhould be redeemed according to the provisoes and power of redemption therein after contained i which annuities Jhould be computed after the rate of five pounds per annum for every one hundred pounds* and proporttonably for any greater fum fo to be advanced or paid* and the fame Jhould be payable quarterly* in manner as therein is mentioned; and by the faid aft* amongfi divers other claufes and things therm contained* it was enafted* That all the monies to be contributed on the faid aft* Jhould be deemed* reputed and taken to be one joint flock* on which the faid annuities Jhould be attending* and that toe fame Jhould be transferable tit the bank of England: and it was thereby provided that it Jhould be lawful for your MfljeJly*your heirs andfuccejfors* at any time* upon one quarter of a year's notice* to be given in manner as by the faid aft is airefted* to redeem the faid annuities* and every of them* by paying to $be then proprietors of the fame annuities the configuration or purebafe-money * which was originally paid for the fame* and all arrearages of the faid annuities* which fhall be incurred till the time of fuch payment to be made at the then next enfuing quarterly feajl-day; and that from and after fuch payment made* or rejerving money in the exchequer to make fuch payment on demand* then and not till then* the fame annuities* and every of them* Jhould from thenceforth ceafe and determine* and the faid revenues Jhould be difebarged of* from and Ogainjl the fame: and to the end your MajeJly* your heirs and fuc-fjjfirs* might be enabled to reimburfe yourfelf* or themfehes* Juch jum or fums of money* as in purfuance of the faid aft Jhould be ijfued out of the civil lifi revenues* for or towards payment of the find annuities* or for or towards the redemption thereof* it was thereby further enafted* That it Jhould and might be lawful for your MajeJly* your heirs and fuccejfors* to caufe a deduction to be made* not exceeding fix pence in the pound* out of all monies which* from and after the Jirfi day of Auguft one thoufand fieven hundred and twenty one* Jhoula be paid for and upon aU penfions and annuities* charged upon (my of the faid hereditary or temporary duties* and for and upon all fabrics* fees and wages* payable for or in refpeft of offices 0} profit* granted by or derived from the crown* and for and upon all other payments from the crown whatfoever* or for or upon any arrearages of them* or any of them* incurred or to oe incurred* (the pay of com-miffion and uon-commijfion officers* and private men ferving in the navy or army* only and always excepted) the fame aeduftions to be made for the ufe	your MajeJly * your heirs and fuccejfors* for the

benefit of your or their civil government* fo long as the faid annuities Jhould* by virtue of the faid' aft* be payable out of the revenues charged, therewith as aferefasd* and until the fame annuities Jhould be redeemed

221

2724*] Anno undecimo Georgii I. c. 18.

deemed purfiumt to the faid ably as by the* /aid ably (amongft divers other claufes and provifoes therein contained) relation being thereto kady more fully and at large it doth and'may appear : and tvkeras its purfuance of the faid ably thefaid whole fum offive hundred thou fond pounds hath been advanced or contributed, and the annuities attending thereony and charged on the faid civil lift revenues, amount to the yearly fum of twenty five thoufand pounds; and whereas the faid fum of five hundred thoufand pounds, fo contributed on the credit of tb$ faid ably was not fufficient for anfwering the purpofes intended by the faid ably by difcharging all the arrears then due to your Maiejhfs fervantSy tradefmeny and othersy by means whereof\ and of fevered extraordinary expences arifen fence the making of the faid ably divers arrears of falarieSy wagety diety monies9 and other allowancesy and fimdry debts for emptionSy provifionsy and other cauftSy fill remain due to your Majefty's fervantSy tradefmeny and othersy amounting to a very confederate fum in the whole: now your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjedts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, being deeply fenfible of the bleflings they enjoy under your Majefty’s wife and happy government, and being defirous, not only that your Majefty may partake of the benefit of the prefent happy (late of the publick credit, but ahb that your Majefty, in the adminiftration of your civil government, may not remain under any difficulties in refpeA of the arrears or debts contraftecU as aforefaid, and being therefore defirous that a fum, not exceeding one million of pounds fter-ling, may be raifed to enable your Majefty, as well to redeeAl the faid annuities of twenty five thoufand pound? per annum9 as. to difcharge the faid debts and arrears, do for that end ind' purpofe moft humbly pray your Majefty, that it may be enabled, (sic. E XP. See 12. Geo. 1. c. 2.

Treafury may ifliie new exchequer-bills, not exceeding 7,000,000!. at id, per diem intereft. Counterfeiting thefe bill is felony, contractors to hart one part of the cheques, indents or counterfoils, tj> prevent counterfeits* Treafury to contract with perfons to circulate the/e bills at 3I .fur centum per annum. Contractors after 14. June 1715. may direCt thefe bills to car* ry a lower or higher rate than id. per diem. So long as thefe bills remain uncancelled, the deduction of Obi.peri, to continue, Thefe exchequer-bills charged thereon, and on the civil lilt. The fums iflued out of the civil lift revenue, about thefe bills, to be deemed part of the yearly fum of 700,0001. 500,0001. to be applied for redemption of the annuities of 25,0001, per annum. At Michaelmas yearly, exchequer to take an accountof all the monies received of the deductions of 6d. perU &e. His Majefty by letters patent made before 24. Decern. 1715. may appoint a yearly fum for an annuity at 31. per centum, till redeemed. His Majefty may direCt the fum to be raifed on that credit,

CAP. XVIII.

An a£tfor regulating eleftions within the city of London, and

WHEREAS of late years great controvtrfies end diffetttim have arifen in the city of Loudon at the mdions of :itisum

t»

$Z9	Arin6 undccimo GiorgIi I. c. t8,	t*7*4*

tojerve in parliamentf and of mayors, aldermen, Jberiffs, and other1 officers of the /aid city, and many evil-minded perfoni, having ui tight of votings have unlawfully intruded themfefoes into the ajjem-hlies of the citizens, and prefumed to give their votes at fucb elefti-ons, in manifejl violation of the rights and privileges of the citizens, and of the freedom of their elections, and to the dijlurbance of tbi publick peace: And whereas great numbers of Wealthy perfons, not free of the faid city, do inhabit, and carry on the trade of merchandize and other employments, within the faid city, and refuje or decline to become freemen of the fame, by reafon of an antient cuftom within Ohefaid city refraining the freemen of the fame from difpofmg of iheir perfonal ejlates by their lajl wills and tejiaments: And whereat great dijfentions have arifen between the aldermen and commons qf the common council of London, in or concerning the moling or. faffing of alls, orders or ordinances in common council, which if mot timely fettled and determined, may occafion great objirutliens of the publick bufenefs and concerns of the faid city, ana create many expenftvc controverfies and fuits at law, and be attended with oth& OnoHdeBiont dangerous confequtnces; Now to the intent that fuitable remedies? by the livery- may be provided for preferving the privileges of the city of Seward* *l	aiM* freedom of ele&ions therein, and for fettling

motes, prefid- the right of fuch elections, and putting a (lop to the aforefaid ing officer to controverfies and difientions, and the ill confequences of the appoint a con- lame, and that a conftant fiipply may be had or able officers, b^^clerks1" Capable of fupporting the dignity of and maintaining good to take the	prder and government within that antient, populous, and loyal

poll, &c.	city, which is of the greateft confequence to the whole king-

dom ; be it ena&ed by the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament afiemblcd, and bv the authority of the fame. That at all times, from and after the firft day of June in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty five, upon every ele&ion of a citizen .or citizens to ferve for tne faid city of London in parliament, and upon all elections of mayors, (heriffs, chamberlains, bridge-mafters, auditors of chamberlains and bridge-mailers accounts, and all and every other officer and officers to be chofen in and for the faid city, by the liverymen thereof, and upon all elections of aldermen and common council-men chofen at the refpedtive Wardmotes of the faid city, the prefiding officer or officers at fuch elections (hall, in cafe a poll be demanded by any of the candidates, or any two or more of the electors, appoint a convenient number of clerks to take the fame, which clerks (haD take the faid poll in the prefence of the prefiding officer or officers, and be fworn by fuch officer or officers truly and indifife-* rently to take the fame, and to fet down the name of each voter^ and his place of refidence or abode, aud for whom be (hall poll, and to poll no perfon who (hall not be fworn, or beinga Quaker, (hall not affirm according to the direction of this a<Sl• and every . perfon before he is admitted to poll at any election of any citi-(Worn!?	atizens to ferve in parliament, or of any officer of .ofU

ears

1724.} Anno undecimo Gborgii I. c. 18.	223

cers ufually chofea by the liverymen of the laid city as aforefaid,

(hall take the oath herein after mentioned, or being one of the people called quakerty Hull folemnly affirm the efreft thereof, that is to fay,

YOU do J-wear, That you are a freeman ef London, and a Liveryman’* liveryman ef the company ef	and	have fe oath at defti-

been for the fpace ef twelve kalendar months; and that the place ofOB* your abode is at	in	and	that	you	home	net	polled

at this elefliony

So help you God.

And in cafe of any de&ion of any alderman or common council-man, every perfon, before he is admitted to poll, (halt take the oath herein after mentioned, or, being one of the people called qmkersy (hall folemnly affirm the cffeft thereof, that is to fay,

YOU do /wear, That you are a freeman of London, and an houjbelder in the ward of	and hoot not polled

at this elt&ion.

So help you God.

And if any perfon or perfons (hall refufe or negleft to take _	.

the oaths hereby refpeftively appointed to be taken, or being aftwwariTpoU to quaker (hall refufe or negleft to make fuch folemn affirmation as be rcjettetL , aforefaid, then and in every fuch cafe the poll or vote of ifuch perfon or perfons fo neglefting or refufing (nail be, and the fame is hereby declared to be null and void, and as fuch (hall be rejected and difallowed.

II.	And be it further enaftedby the authority aforefaid. That at all times from and after the faid firft day of June in the year °*“t . of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty five, upon every election of fuch citizen or citizens, officer or officers, bv quiredL the liverymen of the faid city, and upon every election of fucn officer or officers at any wardmote of the faid city as aforefaid, all and every perfon and perfons having a right to vote or poll at fuch election or elections (hall, before he be admitted to vote or poll thereat (if required by any of the candidates, or any two or more of the electors) firft take the oaths in and by an aft made in the firft year of his Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aB for 1 Qeo> x< the furtherfecurity of his Majefly's perfon and governmenty and the Jitc- *, c. sj.* teflon ofthe crown in the heirs ofthe lateprinctfs Sophia, beingpretef* tantty and for extinguijhing the hopes of the pretendedprince of Wales, and bis open and Jecret abettorty appointed to be taken, or being one of the people called quakers (hall, if required as aforefaid, folemnly affirm the effeCt thereof; and if any perfon or perfons (hall, being required thereunto as aforefaid, refufe or negleft to take the faid oaths by the faid aft appointed to be taken, or to affirm the effeCt thereof as aforefaid. That then the poll or vote of fuch perfon or perfons fo neglefting or refufing (half - fee, sod the fame is hereby declared to be null and void, and

as

v 224	Anno	undccimo GeorgiI I. C. iS.	4!

Prefiding ©ffi- as fuch (hall be rejected and difallowed ; and the pfefiding offi-c?r kt* ad°Tccrs at	an<* cve7 rcfpedtive eledtions aforefaid, and fuch

niftertheoaTht fwom clerks as (hall be by them appointed, are hereby refpec* on penalty of tively authorized and impowered to adminifter the above-men-c£6ol* tioned oaths and affirmations; and if any fuch prefiding officer or officers, fwom clerk or clerks, (hall negledt or refute fo to do, or (hall otherwife offend in the premifes, contrary to the ' true intent and meaning of this adt, every fuch officer and fwom clerk fhall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of fixty pounds of lawful money or Great Britain, befides cods of fuit.

Penalty on III. And it is hereby further enadted, That if any perfon or taking perfons (hall wilfully, ralily and corruptly take the faid oaths or fub<tffking?r Ruinations fet forth and appointed in and by this adt, or either of them, and be thereof lawfully convidted by indidment or information, or if any perfon or perfons (hall corruptly procure or fu-bom any other perfon to take the faid oaths or affirmations, or either of them, whereby he (hall wilfully and falfly take the faid oaths or affirmations, or either of them, and die perfon fo procuring or fuboming (hall be thereof convidted by indidtment or information, every perfon fo offending (hall for every fuch offence incur and fuffer fuch penalties, forfeitures and difabilities, as perfons convidted of wilful and corrupt perjury at the common law ate liable unto.

IV.	And to the intent that the boll at every fuch election may be Prefiding offi- expeditioujly and duly taken; be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That if a poll (hall be demanded at any of the eledh-napou bede-ons before-mentioned, after the faid firft day of June in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty five, the prefiding officer or officers at fuch eledtion (hall begin fuch poll the day the fame (hall be demanded, or the next day following at the furthefi, unlefs the fame (hall happen on a Sunday, ana then on the next day after, and (hall duly and orderly proceed thereon from day to day (Sundays excepted) until fuch poll be finifhed, and (hail finilh the poll at eledtions by the liverymen When the poll w*t*l*n kven days, exclufive of Sundayj, and the poll at the to bt finiihed wardmote within three days, exclufive of Sunday, after th£ tec.	commencing	the fame refpedtivcly, and (hall, upon adjourning

the poll on each day, at all and every the eledtions aforefaid, feal up the poll-books with the feals, and in the prefence of fuch of the refpe&ive candidates, or perfons deputed by them, as (hall defire the fame, and the faid poll-book (hall not be opened again but at the time and place of meeting, in purfu-ance of foch adjournment; and after the faid poll is finifiied, the faid poll-books, being fealed as aforefaid, mall within two days after be publickly opened at the place of eledtion, and be duly and truly caft up, and within two days after fuch cafting up the numbers of the votes or polls for each candidate (hall be truly* fairly and publickly declared to the eledtors at the place of election, by the officer or officers prefiding at fuch eledtion ; and if a ferutiny (hall, upon fuch declaration made, be lawfully demanded, the fame (hall be granted and proceeded upon, and

1724-] Anno undedmo GeoRGII I. c. 18.	225

the refpeCtive candidates (hall immediately nominate to thepre- If a fcrutiny fiding officer or officers at fuch elections, any number of pcrfonfc ^^J^*** qualified to vote at fuch election not exceeding fix, to be fcruti- not to cxcec<| neers for and on behalf of the candidate or candidates on each fix on each fide, to whom the prefiding officer or officers at fuch election fide.

(hall, within fix days next after fuch fcrutiny (hall be demanded, upon requeft and at the charge of the candidate or candidates, or any the Scrutineers on his or their behalfs, deliver or caufe to be aelivered to him or them a true copy, figned by fuch officer or officers, of the poll taken at fuch election; and all and every the ferutinies to be had or taken upon any election to whentofcegin, be made by the liverymen of the faid city, (hall begin within ten and when fi-days after the delivery of the copies of the faid polls, and be proceeded on day by day (Sundays excepted) and (hall be fini(h- vccr^cnf ed within fifteen days after the commencement of fuch fcrutiny; and thereupon the prefiding officer or officers (hall, within four •days after the finifhing fuch fcrutiny, publickly declare at the place of fuch election, which of the candidates is or are duly elected, and the number of legal votes for each candidate appearing to him or them upon fuch fcrutiny; and on the election of any officer or officers at the refpeCtive wardmotes of the faid city, if a fcrutiny be demanded, the candidates, or ferutineers sc#xitinie* on nominated on their behalfs refpeCtively (hall, within ten days elections at next after the receipt of the copy or copies of the polls taken at wardmotes, fuch election, deliver or caufe to be delivered to the prefiding officer or officers, the names in writing of the feveral perfons who have polled in the faid election, againft whofe votes they (hall object, with the particular objections againft each refpec-tive name$ and the prefiding officer or officers (hall thereupon, within three days then next following, at the requeft and charges of any candidate or candidates, or tne ferutineers named on his or their behalfs, deliver or caufe to be delivered to him or them, one or more true copy or copies (figned as aforefaid) of the pa- True copies of per containing fuch names and objections as aforefaid; arid the the obje&ions laid prefiding officer or officers, within ten days then next fol- againft the lowing (exclufive of Sundays) after having fully heard fuch of the P°Uer*' faid candidates as (hall defire the fame, or fome perfon appointed by him or them, touching fuch objections, (hall, at or in the place of election, openly and publickly declare which of the laid candidates is or are duly elected, and the number of legal votes for each candidate appearing to him or them upon fuch fcrutiny ; and if the faid prefiding officer or officers, or any o- penalty too 1, ther perfon or perfons, (hall offend in the premifes, every luch withcofts. offender Ihall forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of two hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, with full cofts of fuit, over and above all other penalties and forfeitures in-Aided by any other aCt or aCts of parliament.

V.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That A true lift to after any election made, and fcrutiny taken, as is herein before b® givcn °f provided and directed, the prefiding officer or officers at fuch election and fcrutiny (hall deliver, under his or their hand or Vol. XV,	d	hands

226	Anno	undecimo	Georgii	I. c. 18.	[1724.

hands, a true lift of the voters by him or them difallowed upon fuch fcrutiny, to any of the candidates who (hall, upon the final declaration of the election as aforefaid, demand the fame, within fix days after fuch demand made, fuch candidate paying for the fame: provided always, That no fuch lift as is hereby directed to be given, nor any thing therein contained, (hall be admitted to be given in evidence on any adtion or occafion what-foever.

Mayor to iffae VI. And be it further enadied by the authority aforefaid, commies to* ^hat t*ie mayor	London	for the time being, upon

brbfin lifts, requeft to him made by any candidate or candidates, his or their agent or agents, at any election of a citizen or citizens to ferve in parliament for the laid city, or of a mayor, or any other officer or officers to be chofen by the liverymen thereof, where a fcrutiny is demanded and granted, (hall iflue his precepts, as has been ufual, requiring the mafters and wardens of the livery companies of the faid city refpedtively, to caufe their clerks forthwith to return to him two true lifts of all the liverymen of their refpedlive companies; and the faid clerks (hall return fuch their refpedtive lifts upon oath within three days after the receipt of any fuch precepts, one of which lifts fo returned the faid mayor (hall, and he is hereby required forthwith to deliver or caufe to be delivered to the candidate or candidates on each fide at fuch election, or to his or their agent or agents refpec-lively.

El f al- VII. w^ereas divert controverts and difputes have arifen dermen and*1*tn ^ fod ctty °f London touching the right of election of aldermen common and common council-men for the rcfpeRivc wards of the faid city; for council-men quieting all fuch difputes and controverfies tor the future, it to be by free-

is hereby further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That from SOT and after the faid firft day of June in the year of our Lord one 9 thoufand feven hundred and twenty five, the right of eledtion of aldermen and common council-men for the feveral and refpedtive wards of the faid city (hall belong and appertain to freemen of the faid city of London, being hou(holder$, paying fcot as herein after is mentioned and provided, and bearing lot, when required, in their feveral and refpedtive wards, and to none other whatfoever. and paying 10I. VIII. Provided neverthelefs, That the houfes of fuch houf-per aiui. rent* holders be refpedtively of the true and real value of ten pounds a year at the leadj and that fuch hou(holders be refpedtively the foie occupiers of fuch houfes, and have been adtually in the pofleffion refpedtively of a houfe of fuch value in the ward wherein the eledtion is made, by the fpace of twelve calendar months next before fuch eledtion. f f IX. Provided alfo, and for the better afeertaining what are cmained. * the ratcs anc*taxes t0 w^ch ^uc*1 houlholders ought to contribute and pay their fcot, the fame are hereby declared and cn-adted to be a rate to the church, to the poor, to the fcavenger, to the orphans, and to the rates in lieu of or for the watch and ward, and to fuch other annual rates, as the citizens of Lon-

2	dCfty

1724*] Anno undecimo Georgii I. c. 18.	227

don> inhabiting therein, (hall hereafter be liable unto* other than and except annual aids granted or to be granted by parliament ; and in cafe any fuch houfholder, within the fpace afore- Houfliolder faid, (hall have been rated and charged, and contributed and P*ym.B paid his foot to all the faid rates or taxes, or thirty (hillings a vote/ year to all or fome of them, except as aforefaid, every fuch perfon (hall be deemed and taken to be a perfon paying of fcot.

X.	[Provided always. That fuch houfholder, within the ^ omitud am

fpace aforefaid, (hall have been rated or charged, and contri- t^g	m

buted or paid his fcot to all and (ingular the rates and taxes

(other than and except annual aids granted by parliament) whereunto the citizens of Loni;ny inhabiting therein, are or (hall be liable, or (hall have paid in the whole to the faid rates and taxes, or fome of them, except as aforefaid, thirty (hillings a year at lead;] and in cafe any two or more partners carry on Partners in a joint trade in any fuch houfe together, and (hall have been houlholders of fuch houfe by fuch fpace of time as aforefaid, 'lQ 1. fuch partners (hall, paying their fcot in manner aforefaid, and.aim, rent, bearing their refpeftive proper lots, if required, have votes at the elections aforefaid ; fo as fuch houfe, wherein fuch partners carry on their trade, be of the true and real yearly value of as many refpeftive fums of ten pounds a year, computed together, as there are partners.

XI.	Provided alfo. That where two perfons and no more, TVoinhabit-not being partners, (hall have by the fpace aforefaid feverally ing the fame inhabited in the fame houfe, fuch two perfons feverally paying houfe, each' their fcots, and bearing their refpeftive lots as aforefaid, (haUP^^^0^ have votes at the eleftions aforefaid; fo as fuch houfe, wherein ^n/rent^nay fuch two perfons inhabit, be of the true and real yearly value vote, ’

of twenty pounds or upwards, and that each of the faid perfons doth pay the yearly rent of ten pounds at the lead for his refpeftive part of fuch houfe.

XII.	Provided always, That nothing in this aft contained ^|,at perfons (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to oblige any perfon or exempted perfons to pay any fcot or bear any lot, from the doing of which from fcot and they are or (hall be exempted and difeharged by aft of parlia-lot may vplc# ment, charter or writ of privilege ; but that fuch perfon and

perfons fo exempted and difeharged (hall and may vote at any election of any alderman, common council-man or other officer ufually chofen at the wardmotes of the faid city, notwithftandf ing he or they (hall not have bom fuch lot, or paid fuch fcot, in fuch manner as he or they (hould or might nave done, in cafe this aft had not been made, and no otherwife.

XIII.	And to the intent that the citizens and inhabitants of Complainants London may have a proper remedy and relief in cafe they, or about afleff-any of them, (hall be aggrieved by any tax, rate or afleiunent

made in or for the fafd city, or by any tnilbehaviour of any	^ ^

officer in relation thereto, or to the collefting the fame; be it denrnen, further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and, for all and every perfon and perfons, who

Q.2	from

Anno undedmo Georgii I. e. i?.	[1724*

from and after the faid firft day of June in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty five (hall be aggrieved by any of the afleflments that (hall or may be made in or for the faid city, towards payment of the rate or tax for the orphans, ana alfo to the rate or tax in lieu of or for keeping watch and ward in the faid city, or by any breach or negledt of duty committed by any officer concerning the fame, to appeal, in refpedt thereof, to the mayor and court of aldermen or P«>* don; and it (hall and mriy be lawful to and for any fuch perfon jter officer, or pCrfonSj jn cafe or they (hall hc jn wjfe aggrieved by any other rate or arteffinent that (hall be made in or for the faid dty, or any the wards, precindts, parifhes or inhabitants of the fame, or by any breach or negledt of duty committed by any officer relating thereto, to appeal to the proper perfons unto whofe deter- whom by law fuch appeal lies; and the (aid mayor and court minttion (hall of aldermen, and the (aid other perfons to whom fuch appeal be final, (hall be lawfully made refpedtively, (hall and may hear and finally determine the matter fo complained of, and correA and fettle the faid rates*

Perfons ex- XIV. And it is hereby further enadted, That no perfon or eluded from perfons whatfoever (hall, from and after the faid firft day of voting. June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty five. Have any right or title to vote at any eiedtion of a citizen or citizens to ferve in parliament for the faid city, or of any mayor or other officer or officers to be chofen by the liverymen thereof, who have not been upon the livery by the fpace of twelve calendar months before fuch eiedtion, and who (hall not have paid their refpedtive livery fines, or who having paid the fame (hall have received fuch fines back again in part or in all, or (hall faavt had any allowance in refpedt thereof; and no pqfon or perfons whatfoever (hall have any right to vote at any cle&ion of a citizen or citizens to ferve in parliament, or of any mayor, alderman* or other officer or officers of or for the faid city, or any the wards or precindts thereof, who have at any time within the the fpace of two years next before fuch eiedtion or eiedtion! requeued to be, and accordingly have been difehareed from paying to the rites and taxes to which the citizens of London^ inhabiting therein, are or (hail be liable as aforefaid, or any of them, or have, within the time aforefaid, had or received any alms whatfoever; and the vote of every fuch perfon dull be void.

Mayor and al-	XV. And to the intent that a final end may be put to all dif-

dermen to putes between the mayor and aldermen and the commons of have a neea- the common council of the faid city, touching the making or tiye in palling paffing of adts, orders or ordinances in common council, and aim thrown- !^at no a(^> order or ordinance may for the future be made or raons, Kep. parted in common council without the full confent of the re-19 Geo. a. c. ft. prefentative body of the faid city, according to theantient corn* ftitution of the fame, be it enacted by the authority aforefaid^ That no adt, order or ordinance whatfoever, at any time from and after the faid firft day of June one thoufand feven hundred

and

1724*3 Anno undccimo GeoRGH I. C. i8,	229

and twenty five, (hall be made or paffed in the common council of the (aid city without the affent of the mayor and aider-men prefent at iuch common council, or the major part of them, nor without the afient of the commons prefent at fuch common council, or the major part of them.

XVI.	Provided always. That ftothine in this alt contained Exception* (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to any election, nomination or appointment in common council of any common ferjeant, town-clerk, judges of the (heriffs court, coroner, common cryer, commiflioners of fewers, garbler, and the governor

and affiftants of London of the new plantation of Ulfter in Ire-landy but that the election, nomination or appointment of all or any of the faid officers (hall and may, from and after the faid firft day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty five, be made by the mayor, aldermen and commons in common council afiembled, or the major part of them 5 any thing in this alt contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XVII.	And to the intent that perfons of wealth and ability, Whatfreemen who exercife the bufinefs of merchandize, and other laudable ™jUne employments within the faid city, may not be difcouraged from miy difpofeof becoming free of the fame, by reafon of the cuftom regaining their perfonal the citizens and freemen thereof from difpofing of their per-

Zonal eftates by their laft wills and teftaraents, be it further en-thmk a&ed by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for all and every perfon and perfons who (hall, at any time from and after the faid firft day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty five, be made or become free of the faid city, and alfo to and for all and every perfon and perfons, who are already free of the faid city, and on the faid firft day of June one thousand hundred and twenty five (hall be unmarried, and not have iflue by any former marriage, to give, devife, will and difpofe of his and their perfonal eftate and eftates, to fuch perfon and perfons, and to fuch ufe and ufes, as he or they (hall think fit; any cuftom or ufage of or in the faid city, or any by-law or ordinance made or obferved within the fame, tathe contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XVIII.	Provided neverthelefs. That in cafe any perfon, who Exception, jfhall at any time or times from and after the faid firft day of

June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty five become free of the faid city, and any perfon or perfons who are already free of the faid city, and on the faid firft day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty five (hall be unmarried, and not have jifue by any former marriage, hath agreed or (hall agree by any writing under his hand, upon or in confideration of his marriage, or otherwife, that his perfonal eftate (hall be fubjelt to, or be diftributed or diuributable according to the cuftom of the city of London; and in cafe any perfon To free, or becoming free as aforeiaid, (hall die inteftate; in every fuch cafe the personal eftate of fuch perfon (6 making fuen agreement, or fo dying inteftate, (hall be fubjelt to, and be diftributed and '	'	0,3	diftri-

zyt	Anno undecimo Georgii I. c. 19,20.	[1724*

diftributable according to the cuftom of the faid city; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notwith-ftanding,

Wordstobe XIX. And it is hereby further enaftcd, That there (hall, omitted inthe from ancj aftcr t^e fai<j f}rft jay 0f yune onc thoufand feven

^n.° a * hundred and twenty five, be omitted and left out of the oath of a freeman of the faid city, the words following, that is to fay. Ye Jhall. know no foreigner to buy or fell any merchandize with any other foreigner within the faid city or the franchife thereof but ye Jhall warn the chamberlain thereof or fome minjjler of the cbamber\ and alfo thefe words following, that is to lay, Ye Jhall implead or fue no freeman out of the city, whiljl ye may have right and law within the fame city ; and after thefe words. Ye Jhall take no apprentice, the words immediately following (hallalfobe omitted, that is to fay; But if he be free-born, that is to fay, no bondfmarCs fon, nor the child of any alien \ and For no, and inftead thereof thefe words. For any, (hall be inferted in the faid oath. Forfeitures, XX. And be it farther ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, jj?" ^ That all and every the forfeitures hereby enabled or inflifted UUtnbutcd.	jjC diftributea in manner following, that is to fay, One

third part thereof to the King’s molt excellent Majefty; one other third part thereof to the chamberlain of the faid ci.y, to the ufe of the mayor, commonalty and citizens of the faid city 5 and the remaining third part thereof to him or them that will fue for the fame within fix calendar months next after the fame (hall be incurred, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint or information in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wefl-minjler, wherein no cfloin, privilege, protection or wager of law (hall be allowed, nor any more than one imparlance. Publiek aft. XXI. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That this a£t (hall in all courts and places be deemed and taken to be a pubiick aCt, and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftices and courts whatfoever without fpe~ dally pleading the fame.

CAP. XIX.

An aft for making more effeftual an aft patted in the parliament holden in the twelfth year of the reign of her late ma jetty Queen Anne, intituled, Jn aSl for making the river time or Nen, running from Northampton to Pc* terboroughy navigable.

Two claufes in the aft i% Ann. ftat. a. c. 7. a private aft, repealed. Com-nujuoners to meet on 13 July 1715, at Northampton, to contraft with per-fons for making the river Nine navigable. If committioners break up without adjournment, ire. Cuftos Rotulorum in Com' Northampton to ap*

Eaint the time and place of meeting. Powers in the former aft continued, ot to prejudice the waterworks at Nun-Mills.

CAP. XX,

An aft for repairing and amending the road from Biggleforade, in die county of Bedford, to Bugden, and through Alconberry, to the top of Alconberry-hill, or Crofs Poft leading into Sautery-Lane, on the York and Edinburgh road, and from the faid town of Bugden to the town of Huntingdon, and from Croft-Hall in Eaton Sokon, in the (aid county

of

1724*] Anno undecimo Georgii I. c. * t, 22.	231

of Bedford, to Great Stoughtoa-Common, in the faid county of Hunt*

ingdon.

The toll granted by this aft took place from the firft of May 1715, to continue tor 21 years. Omtmued by 9 Geo. 1. c. 9.

CAP. XXI.

An aft for the relief of infolvent debtors. EXP.

Sheriff or gaoler to make an alphabetical lift of his prifoners on 29 Sept*

1724, &c. To be kept by the clerk of the peace. The perfons in (uch lifts on their petition and oath to be difeharged. Prifoner to deliver in a Schedule of his whole eftate, See. to quarter-feflions. Clerk of the peace to keep the ichedule. Prifoners effefts veiled in him to be afligned over to the creditors. Sec. Notice to be ferved upon the creditors 30 days before quarter- fefiions, and inferted in the London Gazette. All requiutes performed by the prifoner, quarter-feflions to difeharge him. Prifoner difeharged, hereafter imprisoned, on fhewing the duplicate to be reieafed.

See. Notwithftanding difeharge, judgments good aeainft lands, &c. May plead generally againft any Scire facias ^ Sec. in discharge of his perfon, from execution. No advantage, if difeharge be not obtained before 26 March 1736. Not to extend to Scotland. Keeper to permit any perfon to fpeak with prifoners whofe names are in the Gazette, Sec. Prifoners not declaring the trade and habitation of the perfons at whofe fuit they are detained, Sec. uncapable of the benefit of this aft. Debtors only for* fees, not exceeding 40 s. difeharged. Debts to the crown, ami tool, to any one perfon, not difeharged.

CAP. XXII.

An aft to prevent violences and outrages being committed by any perfons under pretence of Jbeltering themfelves from debt, or any procefs of law, within the hamlet of Wap-ping-Stepney, or elfewhere within the weekly bills of mortality.

WHEREAS it is notorious, That many tuil-iifpofed and wicked perfons bave9 in defiance of the Inown hews of this realm and to the great dijhonour thereof unlawfully affembled and officiated themfelves in the hamlet of Wapping-Stepney, and places adjacent in the county of Middlefex, under pretence of Jbeltering themfelves for debt9 and have committed great violences and outrages uton many of his Mqjejly's good fuhjefts9 and by force protefted them-/elves and their wicked accomplices, againjl law and jujlice: and whereas it is abfolutely neceffary that provtfton Jbould be made for ef* feftually preventing fuch violences and outrages for the future, and for bringing all offenders in the premiffes to more fpeedy and exemplary jufiice; may it therefore pleafe your moil excellent Majefty, that it may be enadted, and be it enacled by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That Jf^Jp^Srs any number of perfons, not lefs than three, (hall, after the firft j^' l7%$t in day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty five, with- the hamlet of in the laid hamlet of Wapping-Stepney 9 or any other place with- Wapping-in the limits of the weekly bills of mortality of the cities London and Wflminjler9 wherein perfons (hall unlawfully affem- wee]cly bm,f

0.*	We

43*	Anno	undecimo	Georgii	I.	c.	a*.	[1724.

tran (ported for feven years.

flitter them- ble and aflociate for the (heltering themfelves from their debts, fclves from 0f which complaint (hall have been made by a prefentment of aVcfentment t^e grand jury at a general or quarter-feffions of the proper hath been county, knowingly and wilfully obftrult and oppofe any perfon made by the or perfons ferving, or endeavouring or attempting to ferve or i“ry» execute any writ or any rule or order of any court of law or fault perfons ecluity» or other legal procefs whatfoever, and (hall, in making executing any fuch obftru&ion or oppofition, aflault or abufe any perfon or writ, &c.	perfons ferving or executing any fuch writ, rule, order or pro-

they (hall be ccfs> or for having fo done, whereby any fuch perfon or perfons (hall receive any bodily hurt, every perfon fo knowingly and wilfully offending in the premifles, being thereof lawfully con* vifted, (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall be tranf-ported for feven years to fome or one of nis Majefty’s colonies or plantations in America, by fuch ways, means and methods, and in fuch manner and under fuch pains and penalties, as felons in other cafes arc by law to be tranfported.

On complaint II. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That after to a judge of the faid firft day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty® hUt ^ ®ve> uPon any complaint or complaints at any time or times writ iffued oft0	ma^e t0 a iu^Se °f any court, out of which the writs or

fuch obftruc- procefs herein after mentioned (hall ifliie, of fuch obftrudtion tion,	and oppofition within the faid hamlet, or elfewhere within the

faid bills of mortality, wherein perfons (hall unlawfully aflemble and affociate for the (heltering themfelves from their debts, of which complaint (hall have been made by a preferment of the grand jury at a general or quarter fedions of the proper county, by any" perfon or perfons who hath or have or (hail have any debt or debts, fum or fums of money due or owing to him, her or them from any perfon or perfons now being, or which (halt hereafter be (heftered and refide within the faid hamlet of

ffapping-Stepney, and places adjacent, or elfewhere within the faia bills of mortality, wherein perfons (hall unlawfully aflem-ble and affociate for the (heltering themfelves from their debts, of which complaint (hall have been made by a prefentment of the grand jury at a general or quarter fedions of the proper county, fuch creditor or creditors having any legal writ or procefs taken out for profecuting, recovering or levying any fuch debt or debts, fum or fums of money, and making oath exrceded ol ^c^orc Ju^Se> a debt or debts, exceeding fifty pounds, 50 * is or are juftly due to him, her or them from the perfon or perfons againft whom fuch complaint (hall be made, and that fuch creditor or creditors verily believe, that fuch perfon or perfons do then refide, and is or are (heltered, within fuch the judge may place or places as (hall in fuch oath be particularly mentioned, to theft! °iifto	anc* ma>r lawful to and for fuch judge, and he is

raii^th^pbflfe hcreby authorized and impowered, in all and every fuch cafe romiutuk, and cafes (if he in his diferetion (hall find it to be requifite) to ifiue his order from time to time to the (heriff of the county of Middlesex, or to the (heriff of any other county into whicn tjie faid bills of mortality do extend for the time being, thereby

*33

1724*] Anno undecimo Georgii I. c.22.

ftridlly enjoining and rcfpedtively requiring him or them, his or their refpeCtive deputy or deputies, officer or officers, under fuch penalty as by this aft is prefcribed for non-performance of his or their duty therein, to raife and take the poffe comitatus, and enter the faid hamlet of fFapping-Stepney, ana places adjacent, or any place elfewhere within the laid weekly bills of mortality, as (hall be mentioned in the faid oath, and to arreft, and in cafe of refinance or refufal, to open or break open any door or doors in the day-time, to arreft fuch perfon or perfons upon any mefne proofs or other procefs, extent or execution, and to feize the goods of any fuch perfon or perfons upon any execution or extent; and it any fuch (heriff or Iheriffs, or any sheriff not his or their deputy or deputies, officer or officers, or any of performing them, (hall wilfully negled or refufe, upon any fuch order, tonuduty to ufe his or their beft endeavours for the executing of fuch forf^t *00 L procefs, execution or extent, he or they fo negledting or refuting to execute fuch procefs, execution or extent, (hall forfeit to the plaintiff or plaintiffs the fum of two hundred pounds, tb be recovered by a&ion of debt or of the cafe, bill, plaint or information, in which no effoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed : and if any perfon or perfons (hall knowingly and, wilfully retift or oppofe any officer or officers of juftice, or any perfon or perfons who (hall be aiding Oppofing the or aflifting to fuch officer or officers, in the execution of any writ, or of any legal procefs, execution or extent, within the faid hamlet of IVapping-Stepney, and places adjacent, or elfewhere within the faid bills of mortality, wherein perfons (hall unlawfully affemble and affociate for the (bettering themfelves from their debts, of which complaint (hall have been made by * a prefentment of the grand jury at a general or quarter fefllons of the proper county, or (hall make refcous or any prifoner or refeuing a taken upon any fuch procefs, execution or extent within the	p^cL

places aforefaid, or mall there, knowingly harbour or conceal	P

any prifoner fo taken, or any perfon or perfons who refeued any fuch prifoner, or (hall be any ways contriving, or knowingly and willingly abetting, aiding or aflifting in refitting any fuch officer or officers, or in refeuing any fuch prifoner or pri-foners taken as aforefaid, all and every perfon and perfons fo offending, being thereof lawfully convicted upon any indictment or information to be brought or filed within fix months after the offence committed, (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, is tranfporta-and (hall be tranfported for feven years to feme or one of histion for fevcn Majefty’s colonies or plantations in America, by any fuch ways,ycars# means and methods, and in fuch manner and under fuch pains and penalties, as felons in other cafes are by law to be tranfported.

III.	And whereas divers perfidy who have taken /belter within Sheherersin the faid hamlet of Wapping-Stepney fence the twenty jiintb day ^Wappme-September one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, have rented boufes and land to the yearly value of ten pounds per annum or up- whowere tu> ytards therein, but by reafon of their poverty were never rated, nor ver rated to 6	paid

*34	Anno undecimo GeoRGII I. C. 23.	[1724.

the poor, &c. paid to the relief of the poor of the faid parifh, nor ferved any pa-cdatothaveCm roc^ °ffice5 ™ere > b* *t therefore declared and ena&ed by the gained *110 le- authority aforefaid,That no fuch perfon or perfons fo taking fhel-gal fcttlement. ter, or their families, (hall be judged to have gained any legal fet-tlemcnt in the faid parifh by virtue of having rented any houfes or lands of fuch value, unlefs fuch perfon or perfons have been rated and have paid to the relief of the poor of the faid parifh, or have ferved parochial offices there; any law or ftatute to the contrary in any wife notwithflanding.

CAP. XXIII.

An aft for making more effeftual an aft pajfed in the fifth year of bis Majefly's reign, intituled, An ad for preventing of mifehiefs which may happen by keeping too great quantities of gunpowder in or near the cities of London and IVefiminfier, or the fuburbs thereof.

5 Geo. i. c. *6. \XT H E R E A S by an aft pajfed in the fifth year of his Majefly's VV reign, intituled, An aft for preventing the mifehiefs which may happen by keeping too great quantities of gunpowder in or near the cities of London and IVefiminfier, or the fuburbs thereof, it is (amongfi other things) enafted, That from and after the firfi day of Auguft one thoufatid feven hundred and nineteen tt fhould not be lawful for any perfon or perfons to keep more than fix hundred pounds of gunpowder, each hundred containing five fcore pounds net weight, at any time in any fiorehoufe, wareboufe or other place within the cities of London and Wcftminfler, or either of them, or within the fuburbs thereof, or within three miles of the Tower ^London, or within three miles of his Majefly's palace at Saint James’s, or within two miles of any magazine erefted for keeping gunpowder belonging to his Majefiy, his heirs and fuccejfors, for the ufe of the publick: and whereas ftnee the making of the faid aft many dealers in gunpowder, and others, have divided their houfes and warehoufes into fcvcral fmall partitions or apartments, and there keep great quantities of gunpowder, whereby and by other evil and indireft means and praftices the good defigns of the faid aft are no-torioujly eluded and evaded, to the apparent danger of Jeveral publick offices and the lives and fortunes of many thoufands of your Majefly's Jubjefts: and whereas it is necefiary for publick fafety to lejfen the quantity of gunpowder allowed by the faid aft to be kept within the limits aforefaid, and it is alfo requifite to make the faid aft more effeftual; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty, that it may be enadled, and be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal commons, in this prefent parlia-» After 1 June ment aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from 17%$, none to and after the firfi day of June one thoufand feven hundred and tJum loolb *wcnty ®vc *hall not lawful to have or keep, within the of*gunpowder limits aforefaid, more than two hundred pounds of gunpowder in any one st any time in any houfe, fiorehoufe, warchoufe, (hop, cellar

or

1724.I Anno undccimo Georgii I. c. 23.	235

or other place, or in any boufes, ftorehoufes, warehoufes, (hops, place in Lon* cellars or other places under one or the fame roof, or in any d<?n5r yard or yards within the limits aforefaid, for more than the fpace of twenty four hours, upon pain of forfeiting all fuch gunpowder %+haon. and the value thereof, with full cods of fuit, to any perfon or perfons, other than and except the owner or owners, proprie- p^aity. tor or proprietors of, or other perfon or perfons interefted in fuch gunpowder, who will inform and fue for the fame by action of debt, bill, plaint or information in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlminfliry wherein no eflbin, protection, privilege or wager of law mall be allowed, nor any more than one imparlance, provided fuch fuit or adion be commenced and profccuted within fix calendar months next after fuch forfeiture or penalty (hall be incurred.

II.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the jufticcs toiflue juftices of the peace authorized by the (aid recited a & to ifliie warrants gnu their warrants tofearch after dangerous quantities of gunpowder t» to fearcb. within the limits aforefaid (hall, upon demand made by any parifh-officer, or by any two or more hou (holders, being inhabitants within the faid limits, afiigning a reafonable caufe for

the fame, iflue fuch warrants grafts; and that upon every or searchers, any fuch fearch it (hall be lawful for the fearchers, or perfons within t» finding the fame, immediately to feize, and then, or at any hours, to*, time within twelve hours after fuch feizure, to amove or caufe movefuir to be amoved all fuch gunpowder as (hall be found within the ®unpow limits aforefaid, exceeding the quantity allowed by this prefent ad; and every perfon wilfully obftruding or hindring any fuch feizure or amoval (hall'for every fuch offence forfeit to tne informer five pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, to be recovered as aforefaid, with full cods of fuit.

III.	And for preventing the dangerous ufe of iron hammers, or hammers (hod or plated with iron or ftecl, in any warehoufe or other place ufed for keeping gunpowder within the limits a-forefaid, be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That Working in cafe any perfon (hall, after the faid firft day of Jutte* prefume hammers in to ufe or work with any iron hammer, or any hammer (hod or fuch ware-plated with iron or fleel, in any fuch warehoufe or place, while houfes forfeits any. gun powder is there, every, fuch perfon fo offending, being ***• thereof convided, within one month next after the offence committed, by the oath or oaths of any credible witnefs or wit-

nefles, before one or more juftice or juft ices of the peace within the limits aforefaid, which oath or oaths fuch juftice or juftices are hereby authorized and required to adminifter, (hall for every fuch offence, forfeit twenty (hillings to the informer, to be levied (in cafe of non-payment) by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels by warrant or warrants under the hand and Teal or hands and feals of any fuch juftice or juftices, ren-dring the overplus to the owner, the charges of fuch diftrefs and fale being firft deduded; and for want of fufficient diftrefs, every fuch offender, being convided as aforefaid, (hall be font by fuch juftice or juftices to the houfe of corrcdion, there to be

*j6	Anno	undecimo Georgii I. c. 24,	[9724.

kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one month, nor left than fourteen days, as fuch juftice or juftices (hall in his or r.	their	difcretion	or difcretions think fit.

Nottoaffbft IV. Provided always. That this ad, or any thing herein con-any magazine tained, (hall not extend or be conftrued to extend in any wife belonging to to affed any ftorehoufeor magazine belonging to his Majefty, his the crown, heirs or fuccfeffors, wherein gunpowder or other (lores (hall be kept for tlie ufe of the publidk, or to hinder the proving or tryT ing gunpowder by his Majefty’s officers, as is ufual, for the fervice of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, or to the carrying of gunpowder to or from any of his Majefty’s magazines, or, with forces in their marches.

V.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That if any fuit or action (hall be commenced or profecuted againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance or this prefent ad, in every fuch cafe fuch perfon or perfons (hall and Gtneml iffiie. may plead the general ifliie, and give this ad and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance or by the authority of the faid ad; and if a verdid (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuit, or difcontinue his, her or their fuit or adion after iifue joined, or, if upon demurs rer or otherwife, judgment (hall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants, (hall and may recover treble cofts, and (hall have the like remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes by law.

T- VI. And be it enaded, That the faid recited ad, and all pro* bein v*fi°ns> claufes, matters and things therein contained, nothere-force!	by altered, (hall be of full force, and (hall or may be obferved

Set %% Geo. i. and put in execution, for preventing the mifchiefs aforefaid, p lr v a notwithftanding the making of this ad, and that the faid ad, rublick act*. an(j t^js prefcnt a(^ (hall be deemed and taken to be pubiick ads, and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch in all courts and places by all judges, juftices and others, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. XXIV.

An aCt for the better regulating the manufacture of cloth in the weft-riding of the county of York.

7 Ann. c. 13. 117 HEREAS an aft was made in the feventh year of the reign VV of her late majefty Queen Anne, intituled, An ad for the better alcertaining the lengths and breadths of the woollen cloth made in the weft-riding of the county of Tori, which, notwitb-/landing the many good proviftons and directions therein contained* hath neverthelefs been found by experience not to be effectual for the preventing the frauds, abufes ana deceits ivbicb are frequently ufed and praCliJed in the manufacture of woollen broad-cloth, made within the weft-riding of the faid county of York, particularly in the deceitful workings and unreafonable Jlretching andframing* and dref-fwg the faid cloths, which ill practices tend very much to the debafing* undervaluing and difer editing of the faid manufacture, both at borne

and

*17

i724*] Anno underimo Georgii L €.24.

and in foreign parts beyond the fias> where a great part thereof bath been ufually vended: for remedy whereof, and for encouraging the faid manufacture, by preventing the faid frauds, deceits and abufes, and every of them for the future, be it enaCted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons* in this prefent parliament affembled, ana by the authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty fourth day of June which The leagth ihall be'in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and breadth and twenty five, every woollen broad-cloth made within the?***0*^**1^ . weft-riding of the faid county of York, whether the fame (hall rising of be called an end or half-cloth, or a long or whole cloth, being York afcer-well fcoured and fully milled, (hall at the lead be five quarters tuned, and an half, by the ftandard yard-wand in breadth within the lifts in the water, being'fully wet, and every fuch doth, called an end or half-cloth, (hall not exceed in length twenty (bur yards, being fully wet, and everv fuch cloth, called a long or whole cloth, (hall not exceed in length forty eight yards, being fully wet.

II.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforcfaid, That Penalty on if any of the clothiers or makers of broad woollen cloth, (hall, clothiers of* after the faid twenty fourth day of June, make, offer or expofe cve^mch in to fate, any of the aforefaid cloths which (hall not be of the re- breadth, and fpedtive breadths, or fhall exceed the refpeCtive lengths herein yard in length, before-mentioned, directed and prefcribed, every fuch perfon *os»

fo offending, being thereof lawfully convicted by the oath of any one or more credible witnefs or witnefies, before any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the weft-riding of the faid county of York, or any corporation within the fame, (pro-* vided fuch juftice or juftices be or are not a merchant or trader in the woollen manufacture) and which oath the faid juftice or juftices is and are hereby impowered to adminifter, (hall for every inch fuch cloth (hall fall (hortof the breadth before-mentioned, and for every yard the faid broad-cloth, called a long or whole cloth, (hall exceed the faid length of forty eight yards, and for every yard the faid broad-doth, called an end or halfcloth, (hall exceed the length of twenty four yards, (hall forfeit refpeCtively the fum of twenty (hillings: provided always, that if it (hall happen that any of the cloths aforefaid, without any wilful default of the maker thereof, (hall, in fome parts thereof, (not exceeding in the whole one fifth part of the length) fall (hort and want of the breadth before directed, yet in cafe of fuch accident, fuch cloths may notwithftanding be fold without incurring any of the penalties by this aCt impofed on the maker gr feller thereof.

III.	And be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That all Broad-doth to woollen broad cloth to be made (hall be meafured at the fulling- ^

mill, after the fame (hall be fully milled and fcoured, and throughly wet, by the mafter, owner or occupier of every fuch fulling-mill, who (hall, and he is hereby obliged to take an bath before fome juftice of the peace for the faid riding, that he will

frdu

fworn.

Millman to affix a feal of lead to the cloths.

238	Anno	undecimo	Georoii	I.	c.	24.	[1724.

Millman to be well and truly perform fuch meafuring, (which oath fuch juftice of the peace is hereby authorized and required to adminifter, and to give fuch mafter, owner or occupier of fuch fulling-mill, a certificate of fuch oaths having been adminiftred and taken) and every mafter or occupier of every fuch fulling-mill (hall affix, or caufe to be affixed, at each end of every fuch doth, before it (hall be carried from the mill, a feal of lead, to be fumifhed by the clothier; and the faid mafter or occupier of every fuch fulling-mill (hall rivet the fame on every fuch cloth, and (lamp his name in plain words at length thereupon, and in figures plainly to be feen and known (lamp likewife the length and breadth of every fuch cloth, for which he (hall be paid by the owner of every fuch cloth, two pence, one penny whereof to be paid to the treafurer of the faid weft-riding, for the time being, to be applied by diredion of thcjuftices of the peace at their general quarter-ieflions, towards the falaries of (earchers by them to be appointed by virtue of this a£t; and the length and number of yards, fo (lamped on fuch feals, (hall be a rule of payment for every fuch cloth by the buyer of the fame: provided, that if it (hall happen, that after any cloth (hall have been milled, fealed and (lampt as aforefaid, any part thereof (hall by any accident be damaged and taken off, fuch part of the fame, as (hall not be damnified, (hall be again meafured, fealed and ilampt, as is before directed, and the faid feal (hall be affixed to that end of the cloth from whence fuch part was cut off.

IV.	And be it further enafled by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June, if any owner, mafter, occupier or millman of any fulling-mill (hall refute or negte& to take the before-mentioned oath, or to fix fuch feals at each end of every woollen broad cloth, before it (hall be carried from the mill, in manner and with fuch (lamp or im-preflion as is before dire<5led, and to enter in a book to be kept by fuch mafter, owner, occupier or millman, a fair and true regi-fter or entry of the marks, fort, number, length and breadth of every fuch cloth, or (hall refufe to permit and fuffer any buyer or fearcher of cloth to infpecl the laid book, in order to compare the marks, forts, number, length, breadth and admeafure-ment of any or every fuch cloth, wherein he or they are re-fpecftively concerned, with fuch book or regifter, or it any per-fon or perfons (hall afterwards take off fuch feal or feals, or deface, counterfeit or alter the fame, before the cloth is fold to the retailer in Great Britain, or is fent beyond the feas, except the millman who milled the faid cloth, or fome other fwom millman, who is in that cafe alfo to regifter the fame in manner as aforefaid, every perfon or perfons fo offending, being thereof lawfully convi<5lcd upon the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, before one or more fuch juftice or juftices for the faid riding, or any corporation within the fame, (hall for every fuch negFccfl or offence, forfeit the fum of five pounds, to be recovered and diftributed as is afterwards provided for by this prefent a<5h

V.	Pro-

Penalty on millman offending, *c.

1724*] Anno undeclmo Georgii I. c.24.	239

V.	Provided, That in cafe fuch merchant or buyer (hall have Buyer may caufe to fufpeft the real and true lengths and breadths of fuch wetthecloths, cloth or cloths not to be the fame as (lamped upon fuch feal or thenT feals, fuch merchant or buyer (hall and may for proof thereof have the liberty, within fix days after delivery thereof, and upon two days notice given in writing to the feller or maker of fuch doth, unlefs it be othefwife agreed by the mutual confent of the buyer and feller, to put fuch cloths into water for any time not exceeding four hours, and afterwards td caufe the fame to be meafured by any two indifferent perfons to be appointed and chofen, one by the buyer and the other by the feller of fuch cloth ; and in cafe they difagree in afccrtaining the length and breadth of the faid cloth, then the faid admeasurement (hall be made by a third perfon, to be chofen and nominated by the faid two perfons appointed as aforefaid 5 and in cafe the faid two perfons fhall negleft or refufe to choofe and nominate fuch third perfon within the fpace of two hours, or if luch third perfon fo chofen lhall refufe or neglcft to take upon him the admeafure-ment of the faid cloth, at the requeft of the buyer or feller thereof, then a fit perfon fhall be nominated and appointed by the next juftice of the peace or chief magiftrate of the place where the faid cloth (hall happen to be fold, to make fuch admeafure-ment; which i'aid juftice of the peace or chief magiftrate is hereby authorized and required to appoint and fwear fuch perfon, truly to admeafure the fame, and the perfon fo appointed (hall be and is hereby obliged to be fwom, and to aft for the purpofes aforefaid, on pain of forfeiting the fum of forty (hillings, on con-viftion before fuch juftice of the peace or chief magiftrate, to be levied bv his warrant, by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of fuch offender; and if, upon fuch admeafurement laft mentioned, there (hall be found a lefs or fmaller quantity of cloth in length, ora lefs or fmaller quantity in breadth, in more than one fifth part of the length than is mentioned in the feal or feals before direfted to be affixed to fuch cloth, in every fuch cafe every clothier, owner or feller of fuch cloth, fhall forfeit the Penalty for fixth part of the value of every fuch cloth to the poor of thefolfemcafure. parifh where fuch cloth fhall be found to be defeftive, and the faid forfeiture fhall be paid by the buyer of fuch cloth to the over-feer of the poor of fuch parifh, for their ufe, and by fuch buyer to be dedufted and retained out of the price of fuch cloth fo found wanting in meafure as aforefaid, upon paying for the fame, after certificate of fuch defeft made by the perfon or perfons meafuring the fame, and oath made thereof by fuch perfon and perfons, before any juftice of the peace of the faid riding, or any corporation within the fame, which oath in fuch cafe, (uch perfon and perfons are required to make, and fuch Juftice is required to adminiftcr, and thereof to give a certificate to fuch perfon or perfons taking the faid oath, without fee or reward; and all fuch fums of money which the clothier, owner or feller of any fuch cloth (hall forfeit and pay on account of fuch fraudulent leal or feals of fuch matter, owner, occupier or millman of

fuch

Anno undecimo GeoRGH I. c. 24J	[1724,

fuch mill, being fixed to the faid doth, (hall, upon demand, be repaid by (aid matter, owner, occupier or millman of the faid fulling-mill, who affixed or caufed to be affixed the faid feals, to fuch clothier, owner or fdler of fuch cloth, and upon refu-fal to be recovered and levied as is herein after provided. Millman to ' VI. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That, if affix new feats, upon fuch admeafurement the feals affixed by the millman are found not to contain the iuft lengths and breadths of fuch cloths, in fuch cafe the clothier (hall be obliged to carry it back to the millman, where it was before ftampt, in order to affix on the faid doths new feals, to be made and affixed as aforefaid, Which (hall contain the true lengths and breadths of the faid cloth, and that the faid meafurer or meafurers (hall have and receive from the buyer of fuch cloth fix pence, and no more, for every piece of cloth which (hall be by him or them fo mea-fufed.

VII.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That, if Upon fuch admeafurement as is laft mentioned, any cloth fo meafured (hall be found not to be of the refpe&ive breadths, or (hall exceed the lengths herein before-mentioned, directed and prefcribed, or in cafe upon fuch admeafurement there (hall be found a left or fmaller quantity of cloth in length, or a lefs or fmaller quantity in breadth, in more than one fifth part of the length than is mentioned in the feal or feals before aire&ed to be affixed to fuch cloth, in every fuch cafe the merchant or buyer of fuch cloth, which (hall be (o found to be fraudulent and de-Merchant Festive as aforefaid, (hall be at liberty, within three days after defcftfve cloth admeafurement,t0 return fuch fraudulent or defective cloth to theclothier. to the clothier or other perfon who fold the fame, who thereupon is hereby required to repay unto fuch merchant or buyer all fuch money, charges and expences as he (hall have paid or been put unto, for or by reafon or means of fuch defective or fraudulent cloth, the fame to be afcertained by the oath of fuch merchant or buyer, before any iuttice of the peaoe of the faid riding or corporation as aforelaid, to be recovered upon his it-fufal, by warrant under the hand and feal of one or more juftice orJuftices of the peace, not being a dealer in woollen cloth, by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of the perlbn fo refilling.

Clothier to af- Vill. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, fix his mark That every clothier and maker of fuch cloth (hall, at the time on oSn °fhSl ma^inS thereof, weave or few into the head of the cloth, in pam 0 *I# diftindt letters anti words, plain to be read, at length, the name and place of abode of fuch clothier and maker: and, if any clothier or maker of fuch woollen broad cloth (hall, after the faid twenty fourth day of June, expofe to fale any cloth Without fuch feals as before dire&ed, or without fuch name and place of abode, fo woven or fewed into fuch cloth in words at length, plainly'to be feen and read, fuch clothier or maker fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted upon the oath of anyone or more credible witnefs or witnefles, made before any fuch

juftice

1724*] Anno undecimo Georgii I. c. 24.	241

jufticc or juftices of the peace for the faid riding, or any corpo-ration within the fame (he being no dealer in cloth) who is hereby authorized to adminifter the faid oath, (hall forfeit the fum . of five pounds for every fuch piece of cloth ; and if any per- Cajttjn ol|t fon or perfons whatfoever (hall willingly take off, alter, counter- tj,e feit, deface, obliterate or cut out, any of the aforefaid feal or fore fade, feals of lead, fo fixed and riveted to fuch end or half cloth, or forfeits jl* to fuch long or whole cloth, or the figures, letters and words thereon (lamped, made or fet, or therein woven or fewed, before the cloth be fold to the retailer or confumer thereof, for the confumption of Great Britain, or be exported beyond the feas, every perfon or perfons fo offending, and every perfon in whofe cuftody any fuch cloth without feals, or with the feals defaced, altered, cut out or obliterated, before it be fold to fuch retailer, or be exported beyond the feas, (hall be found, being thereof lawfully convidted, for every fuch offence (hall forfeit the fum of five pounds.

IX.	And be it further eria&ed by the authority aforefaid, -That if any perfon or perfons whatfoever, after the faid twenty the doth*for? fourth day or June, (hall, over and beyond the meafure fet and feits »os. for contained in the faid feal or feals, ftrctch or drain, procure or everjr half-caufe to be dretched or drained, any end or half-cloth, more yaroinlength, than one yard in length, or any whole or long cloth, more than

two yards in length, or any piece of the faid broad cloth, more than one inch in every quarter of a yard in the breadth, every fuch perfon or perfons fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convidted, (hall, for every half-yard in length, and every inch in breadth fo over dretched or (trained as aforefaid, forfeit the fum of twenty (hillings, to be levied by warrant or warrants	*

under the hand and feal, or hands and feals of any judice or judices of peace for the faid county, riding, city, liberty or place where the offence (hall be committed, not being a merchant or trader in the woollen manufadlure.

X.	And be it further cnadled by the authority aforefaid. That cloths to be from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June one thoufand dreffed in all feven hundred and twenty five, every woollen broad cloth made parts alikp. within the wed-riding of the faid county of York* whether the

fame be called an end or half-cloth, or a long or whole cloth,

(hall throughout be dreffed in all parts alike, not only at the fides or edges next to the lid, (as hath of late years been thecudom) but alfo in the middle, and at the edges, from end to end, that is to fay. That the middle of the cloth, and fo throughout the whole, from end to end, have the fame work or dreffing, the one part equal with the other; and in order to difeover fuch Worker to af-abufes, every cloth-drcfler or cloth-worker is hereby obliged to affix or caufedo be affixed at the head end of every fuch cloth cn	**

dreffed by him or them, a feal of lead, and (hall rivet the fame, and damp his name in words at length thereupon, that it may be thereby difeovered who the drefler of each cloth (hall be, that the work may be done and performed as aforefaid, every perfon Yol. XV.	R	fo

tja	Aftno	undedmo Georgii t. C. 24.	[1724.

fo offending (hall, for every fuch negleft or offence, forfeit the Penalty, 5I. fum of five pounds.

XI.	And, for the better and more eafy difcovery of the un-Th 1 ctli fetching arl^ (training of cloth, be it further enabled by of yards to be die authority aforefaid, That every owner or proprietor of any numbred on tenter or tenters in the faid weft-riding of the faid county of ‘ thetenters, on York (hall, and he is hereby required to meafure fuch tenter or patoof 51* tenters, as (hall be made ufe of for tentering of cloth, and to mark or number in figures, plain and fair to be feen, the true length of yards of each tenter or tenters, beginning at number I. and fo continuing it to the end thereof, marking and numbering each yard, diftin&ly, plainly and fairly to bd feen upon the top bar belonging to each tenter on the fore-iide thereof; and if any fuch tenter or tenters (hall, after the twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty five, be found not to be meafured and truly marked and numbered as aforefaid, the owner or proprietor of luch tenter or tenters (hall forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds for each tenter that (hall be found not fo numbered and marked as aforefaid; fuch penalty to be levied and recovered as any other penalty is hereby direded to be recovered and levied.

Quarter-fef-	XII. And be it further enaded, That the juftices of the

dons yearly to peace, for the faid weft-riding of the faid county of York (hall at chufe (carch- their quarter-feffions of the peace to be holden tor the faid weft-2e mills 1 r*ding» next after Midfummer next, and afterwards at their general quarter-feflions of the peace to be holden next after Eafler$ yearly and every year, choofe and appoint fo many men of good character and repute within the faid riding, as they (hall think reafonable, to be fearchers for the year eniuing, and may allow to each of them a falary, not exceeding fifteen pounds per annum, to be paid out of the money as (hall be received by the treasurer of the faid weft-riding as before dire&ed; which faid fearchers (hall and may, by the dire&ion and authority of any *	one of the faid juftices of the peace of the faid weft-riding, or

any corporation within the fame, have full power, at all feafona-ble and convenient times, to enter and infped in the day-time, {Sundays excepted) the mill and mills of any clothier or other perfon for milling of cloth, and, if he or they think fit and reafonable, to meafure the length and breadth of any cloth he fhali find there, before it be carried from thence; ana all and evety fuch fearcher and fearchers, before he or they (hall enter upon the execution of his and their faid office, (hall take the following oath, before any fuch juftice of the peace, videlicet\

Their oath*

I A. B. do /wear, That I will well and truly execute the office rf a fearcher of broad woollen cloth, within the wifi-riding of the county of York, according to the laws and Jfatutes of this realm> and according to the bef of my fkill and knowledge.

So help me God.

XUI. And

1724*] Anno undccimo GeoRgii I. c. 24;

XIII.	And it (hall and may be lawful for every fuch fearcher and fearchers, from time to time, as occafion (hall require, more efpecially when directed and required by any fuch juftice or ju-ftices of the peace for the faid riding, or any corporation within the fame, in writing under his or their hands fo to do, in the day-time to enter into any houfe or houfes, (hop or (hops, out-houfe or out-houfes, tenter-grounds or the warehoufe of any merchant or merchants, feller or fellers, or any other dealer in doth, or the mills of any fuch, or any out-koufe or out-houfes belonging thereto, within the faid riding, tofearch for any wool* len broad cloth, which (hall be ftretched and drained beyond the lengths or breadths aforefaid, or any alteration in the feal or feals, contrary to the direction, true intent and meaning of this prefent ad; and, for the better difcovering of fuch abufe, to meafure or caufe to be meafured, any fuch doth which he (hall fufped to be fo overdretched or drained in length or breadth as aforefaid; and in cafe of refinance or refirfal by any perfon, to permit and differ fuch fearcher or fearchers to enter the faid places, or any of them, for the purpofeS aforefaid, the perfon 10 refitting or refufing (hall forfeit the fum of ten pounds on conviction thereof before any fuch judice; and if fuch fearcher or fearchers (hall at any time find any woollen broad doth (after it hath been tentered) without the feal or feals hereby directed to be put, or fuch feal or feals defaced, counterfeited, altered or pulled off, except it (hall appear that fuch feal or feals was or tore accidentally lod or malicioudy taken off, and that it (hall appear the faid cloth hath not been unduly dretched or drained when put into water, or that any of fuch cloths appears by the mark or damn, or fuch feals, to be overdretched or drained, either in breadth or length, beyond the dinienfions allowed of and provided for by this prefent aCt, or that the name and place of abode of the maker of fuch cloth (hall be cut out or altered, in fuch cafe the owner of fuch cloth (hall, for every fuch offence^ forfeit the fum of five pounds.

XIV.	Provided, and be it enaCted, That if any fuch fearcher or fearchers, appointed as aforefaid, do or (hall aCt therein a-gaind his or their (aid oath or oaths, be or they, being convicted thereof in manner aforefaid, (hall forfeit ana lofe the fum of twenty pounds.

XV.	Provided alfo, That nothing herein contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to give any power or authority to fuch fearcher or fearchers (to be appointed purfuant to this aCt) to fearch and examine fuch broad cloths as (hall be prefled and

Ccked up for exportation, unlefs fuch fearcher or fearchers (hall ftrft authorized and impowered by warrant,under the hand and feal of one or more of fuch juftice or juftices of the peace as afore-&id, made upon information upon oath of one or more credible perfon or perfons, that he or they have good reafon to fu-fpe&, and verily believe, that fome fraud hath been committed in the cloth fo prefled and packed up, contrary to the direction, true intent and meaning of this aCh and"if, upon the fearching

R 2	and

*43

They may eft* terintohoufes, &c. to fearch for frauds, on pain of 101.

On difeovery of frauds owner to forfeit 5I.

Penalty an fearchers acting againffc their oaths, aol.

Searchers not to examine cloths packed for exportation.

.Anno undecimo Georgii I. c. 24.	[1724.

and examining fuch packed up doth, no fuch fraud as aforefaid (hall be found, then and in fuch cafe fuch informer or informers are hereby directed to pay unto fuch merchant or dealer in cloth, whofe cloth (hall be fo opened and fearched, after it hath been fo preffed and packed up, five (hillings for every cloth which (hall be fo unpacked, towards the damage that fuch merchant of dealer (hall fuftain by fuch caufelefs or malicious unpacking; and in default of payment thereof, the fame to be levied in fuch manner as any other penalties are hereby directed to be levied.

XVI. And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid, Setchfn* the ^at if any cloth-dreffer or cloth-worker, to whom any doth merchants C or cloths (hall be committed or delivered by any merchant or cloths, or al- merchants, or any other buyer of cloths, to be dreffed, (hall, teringthefeals, after the faid twenty fourth day of June, be guilty of ftretching t0ere£a.y iMth anc* ^ra*™nS	cloths	further than by this alt is preferibed,

penalties.

or (hall alter, deface, counterfeit or take off fuch feal or feals, whereby the merchant, buyer or owner of fuch cloth may be fubjdt to any of the penalties contained in this alt, that then and as often as the faid merchant, buyer or owner of cloth (hall pay and undergo fuch penalties, upon account of the faid cloth-dreflers or cloth-workers committing fuch abufes as aforefaid, the faid merchant, buyer or owner of cloth, (hall be repaid by fuch cloth-drefler or cloth-worker, who (hall have committed or caufe to be committed the faid offence, all fuch fum or fums of moneyas he or they (hall fo pay as aforefaid.

None to make ^CVII. And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid, cloths but iuch That, from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thou-wi».. have fand (even hundred and twenty five, no perfon or perfons who ferved their (hall not have ferved for the fpace of feven years as an apprentice to or in the trade of a broad clothier, or has not been in the exercife and ufe of fuch trade for the fpace of two years before the commencement of this alt (except the widows of clothiers, and perfons marrying fuch widows) (hall make or caufe to be made any broad cloth in the faid weft-riding, under the penalty of forfeiting ten pounds for every month that fuch perfon or perfons (hall continue to ufe or exercife the faid trade of a broad clothier, to be recovered and levied in fuch manner as the other penalties and forfeitures in this alt are to be recovered and levied. EXP.

> wiiu XVIII. And whereas the ufing of cards, made with wire or wire-wire not to be tn drejjing of cloth, hath by experience been found to be very ui'edin drefling prejudicial to the faid woollen manufacture: now to the end the laid cloth, on pain woollen manufalture may be improved as much as poflible, be

of 50I.

it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons within the faid weft-riding of the faid comity of York ftudl, from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June, ufe or caufe to be ufed in drefling of cloth any card or cards made with wire, or with teeth of iron, or any other metal whatfoever, every fudi perfon or perfons fo ufing the fame, (hall, for every fuch oflfence, forfeit fifty pounds: provided that information upon oath (hall be given of the offences mentioned in this alt, within the lpace

apprentice-fhips to the trade, See.

Pemlty iol. per month.

Cards with

1724.] Anno undecimo Georoii I. 0,24:	'	245

of twenty days next after fuch offence (hall be difeovered; and offence* how all and every the offences in this aft mentioned (except fuch for to be enquired •which any other remedy is hereby provided) (hall be inquired of of, See, and determined, and conviftions thereon made, upon oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, by any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace, not being a dealer in woollen cloth as aforefaid, notice being firft given of the charge to the perfon or perfons therewith charged, and that all fuch penalties and forfeitures as (hall or may happen by reafon of this aft, except fuch as are otherwife exprefly difpofed of, (hall go and be difpofed of, one half to fuch perfon or perfons as (hall give information of the offence, on which the conviftion (hall be made, and the other half to the poor of the pari(h where fuch offence (hall be committed; and if any offender or offenders (hall, by the fpace of ten days next after he or they (hall be con-vifted of any the offences aforefaid, and have notice thereof to him, her or them given at his, her or their dwelling-houfe, or lad place of abode, refufe or neglect to pay any forfeiture by him, her or them incurred, by reafon of this aft, or (hall not appeal, as is herein after provided, to the quarter-feflions, then, and not before, it (hall and may be lawful for the juftice or juftices of the peace, before whom fuch conviftion (hall be made, or pny other juftice or juftices of the peace for the faid riding, 'or any corporation within the fame, not being a dealer in woollen cloth, upon a certificate of fuch conviftion fent to them from the juftice or juftices before whom fuch conviftion was made, who is and are hereby authorized and required to iffue out one or more warrant or warrants, under his or their hands and feals, to the conftable of the town or place, or bailiff or bailiffs of •the liberties, wapentakes or limits where fuch offender or offenders doth or (hall inhabit, thereby commanding him or them to levy the fame by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels returning the overplus, if any be, after paying likewjfe the charges of fuch diftrefs and fale, to the offender or offenders demanding the fame, and where no fufficient diftrefs can be found, to commit the offender or offenders to the houfe of correftion within the faid weft-riding, there to be, kept to hard labour for the fpace of fix months.

XIX.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted by the aS-authority aforefaid, That, if any perfon or perfons (hall find him t“J2e or herfelf aggrieved by any order or warrant made by any ju- qS^ter-fef% dice or juftices, upon any conviftion before him or them, in (ions, purfuance of this aft, fuch perfon or perfons may appeal to the next general quarter-feflions to be held for the faid riding of the faid county of Tort, giving ten days notice of fuch appeal to the perfon or perfons difeovering the offence on which the conviction was made; and if, the juftices at their faid quarter-feflions	^

(hall think fit either to confirm or difannul the orders or proceed- % ings of the faid juftice or juftices, they (hall allow fuch cods and charges to the party aggrieved thereby as they (hall think rea-fopable, to be levied and paid in fuch manner as is ufual in cafes

R 3	oi

94$	Anna	uadecimo	Georgi*	I.	c.	25,26.’	[1724,

of appeals from any order of the juftices of the peace to tbc feflions whofe order herein (hall be final.

All aftioni on XX. And be it further enadfced by the authority aforcfeid, thU aft to be That, if any action or fuit, after the commencement of this ^m com	a(c^ (hall be brought, commenced, fued or profecuted againft

any perfon or perfons, by this act authorized to put the fame or any part thereof in execution, in eveiy fuch cafe the adtion fhall be laid in the faid county of York, ana not elfewhere; and every fuch perfon and perfons fo fued or profecuted, may to fuch ac-General iffuc. tion plead the general iflue, and give this adt and the fpeciai mat* ter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by authority of this adt* and if it (hall appear fo to be done, or that fuch adtion or adtions (hall be brought in any other county, that then the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants; and that upon fuch verdidt, or if the plaintiff (hall be nonfuited or difcontinue his adtion, after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, or upon demurrer judgment (hall be given againft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants (hall ana may recover treble cofts, for which he and they (hall have the like remedy, as in cafes wherein cofts are by law given to defendants; and that this adt (hall be taken and aU PubKck aft. lowed as a publick adt in all courts within this kingdom * and judges, juftices and other perfons are hereby required to take 7 Geo. 2. c.25. notice thereof as fuch, without fpeciai pleading the feme; and mad 14. Geo. 2. that this prefent adt (hall continue in force for the term of (even c* 35*	years,	and	from	thence to the end of the then next feffion of

parliament, and no longer.

In part continued to September 174.0. 6 Geo. a. e. 37./. 3. See tx Gii. i*

c* 28.

CAP. XXV.

At) aft for enlarging the term granted by an aft paired in the fixth year of the reign of her late Majelty Queen Anne, intituled, An ad for repairing the highways from old Stratford in the county of Northampton, to ' Dunchurch in the county of Warwick, and for making the fame more effeftual.

Aft 6 Anne, c. 15. for mending Old Stradford road continued for tweiu ty-one yean, and from thence to the end of the next felfion of parliament* Amended 10 Geo, 2. c. 11. 13 Geo. 2. c. 5.

CAP. XXVI.

'dfn aft for more effeitual difarming the highlands in that fart of Great Britain called Scotland *, and for the better feewring the peace and quiet of that fart of the kingdom.

Reciting the "1T7HERE A S by an ait made in the firft year of his Majeftfs aft 1 Geo. 1. yy reign* intituled* An adt for the more effedtual fecuring . 2. c. 54. t^e p^ace Qf t|je highlands in Scotland, it was enaiied* That from and after the firjl day ^November which was in the year of nor Lora one tboufand feven hundred and fixteen, it Jhould not be lawful See 26 Geo. 2* for any perfon or perfons (except only fuch perfons as are therm c* **•	mentioned	and	ieferibed)	within	the	Jhires	of	Dunbarfain	on	the

North-fide of the water of Leven, Sterling on the North fide ofthe river y Forth, Perth, jfciacairdin, Aberdeen, Inverocfe, Naim,

Cto-

!4«1 Anno undccuno Gkorgii I. c. 26.	847

many, Argylc, Forftr, Bamf, Sutherland, Caithnefs, Elgin Rob, to have in his* her or their cujlody* ufe or bear* irW •dor target, poynard* wbingar or durk* fide-pijlol or fide-pijhls* nr, 0/A*r warlike weapons* in the fields* or in the wap *g or going to* from or at any church* market* fair* burials, mgs* meetings or any other occa/ion whatfoever* within the bounds tfaid* or to come into the low countries armed as aforefaid: and je any of the faid ptrfon or perfons above defcribed Jbould have s cujlody* ufe or bear arms* otherwife than in the faid aft was led* every fuch perfon or perfons fo offending* being thereof law-convifled before one or more juftices of the peace* or before any

•	judge competent of the place fummarily* jbould* for the jirjl of-'* forfeit all fuch arms* and be liable to a fine not exceeding for-vnds Jlerling* and not under Jive pounds Jlerling* and to be 'mined till payment of the faid fine* which* if not inftantly paid of-mmitment* the Jaid fine might and jhould be levied out of the der*s goods and cfiate* by warrant of the judge* who jhould pro-ce any fuch fentence* to be applied in fuch manner as by the faid vas direfted* and the offender jbould be further liable to a month*s ifonment$ and* being convifled for a fecond offence* before the

of juJHciary* or before the judges at their circuits* jbould for-mch arms* and be liable to a fine not exceeding eighty pounds fier-nor under ten pounds Jlerling 5 andfor everyfubfequent offence* to ’ the double ofthe former* to be levied and applied* as by the faid r direfted; and that* for the want of payment of any fuch fine* fujficient difirefs to fatisfy the payment of it* the offender jhould \ble to be tranjported to any of his Majefiy's plantations beyond the there to remain for the /pace of [even years* as by the faid aft* ion being thereunto had* may at targe appear. And whereas* not-Handing the faid recited aft* many perfons within the faid feve-hires and bounds fiill continue pojfejfed of great quantities of and warlike weapons$ which they uje and bear as formerly* and with* in contempt and defiance of the laws of the kingdom* com-nany robberies and depredations* oppofe the due execution of jufiice tft robbers* outlaws and perfons attainted of high treafon for the wnatural rebellion, and colleft* for their own ufe* the rents of v forfeited by fuch attainted per Jons* and belonging to the publick, e dijhonour of the government* and the terror and great lofs of his tfifs faithful fubiefts inhabiting in that part of the kingdom:

*	for putting a nop to the faid prefent mi (chiefs, and for enting the like in time to come, be it enafted by the King's : excellent majefiy, by and with the advice and confent of lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent ament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That Mime to time, and at all times hereafter, it (hall and may

iwful to and for the lord lieutenant of every one of the faid Lords Heute-or to and for any fuch other perfon or perfons as his Ma- in the , his heirs or fucceffors, (hall, by his or their fign manual, others deput-1 time to time, think fit to authorize and appoint in that ed under the" tlf, to caufe letters or fummons to be iffued in his Majefiy’s lign manual, ’ A and under his or thcirrefpeclive hands and feals, direft-

R 4	•	cd

! *

Anno undedmo Georgii I. c. 26.	[1724,

ed to fuch of the clans and perfons within the faid feveral (hires and bounds, as he or they, from time to time, (hall think fk, may fummon thereby commanding and requiring all and every perfon and per-the dans to fons Qf or belonging to fuch clan or clans, and all and every arm?at* a **	other perfons therein named, inhabiting within the parti-

place appoint- cular limits therein defcribed, on a certain day in fuch fummons ed.	prefixed,	to bring in and deliver up, at a certain place in fuch

fummons alfo to be mentioned, all and Angular his and their arms and warlike weapons unto fuch lord lieutenant, or other perfon or perfons authorized and appointed by his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, in that behalf as aforefaid, for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and to be by him or them, dif-pofed of in fuch manner as his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflora On bearing (hall afterwards appoint; and if, at any time after the day in wands to be	fummons prefixed, any perfon or perfons belonging to the

delivered over clan or clans in fuch fummons named, or any other perfon or to ferve as fol- perfons aforefaid in fuch fummons mentioned, (hall, by the dlers in his oath of any two or more credible witnefles, be convidled before mmfonVbe?~ anY two or more	his	Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the

yondfea. ~ (hire or ftewartry, where fuch offender dr offenders refidc, or is or are apprehended, of having or bearing any arms or warlike weapons after the day prefixed in fuch fummons, fuch perfon or perfons being fo convided as aforefaid, (hall and may, by warrant under the hands and feals of fuch juftices of the peace, be forthwith committed to fuch (afe cuftody as in the faid warrant (hall be exprefled, to be there kept and detained without bail, until the faid juftices of the peace (hall caufe him or them to be delivered over (as they are hereby refpedively impowered and required to do) unto fuch officer or officers belonging to the forces of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors as (hall be appointed, from time to time, to receive fuch men, within every fuch (hire or place refpe&ively, to ferve as foldiers in any part of his Majefty’s dominions beyond the feas, for which purpofe the refpe&ive officers who (hall receive fuch men, (hall then caufe the articles of war againft mutiny and defertion to be read to him or them in the prefence of fuch perfons as (hall fo deliver over fuch men unto fuch officers refpe&ively, who (hall caufe an entry or memorial thereof to be made, together with the names of the, perfons fo delivered over, and a certificate thereof in writing under their hands and feals, to be delivered to the officers appointed to receive fuch men; and, from and after reading the faid articles of war, every perfon fo delivered over to fuch officer, to ferve as a foldier in his Majefty’s dominions beyond the feas, (hall be deemed a lifted foldier to all intents and purpofes, and (hall be fubjedt to the difcipline of war, and in cafe of defertion (hall be punifhed as a deferter.

II. And becaufe divers evil-minded perfons may take upon them, in difobedience to this prefent afl, to hide and conceal the arms which they are commanded to deliver upy in hopes of efcaping the punijbment due to their offence, from the difficulty of bringing proof that the arms were fo hidden ana concealed by them, be it therefore cna&ed by the

au-

i£24-] Anno undecimo Georgii I. c. *6.	^

authority aforefaid, That if after the days'feverally to be prefixed for delivering up of arms, in execution of this ad, any arms jf ^ or warlike weapons whatfoever (hall be found hidden or conceal- found hidden

ed in any dwelling-houfe, bam, office, houfe, out-houfe or any in thofe limit*,

other houfe whatfoever, within the limits fummoned to deliver

up arms as aforefaid, the tenant or pofleflbr of fuch dwelling-	fai4

houfe, and to whofe pofleflion fuch bam, office, houfe, out- penalties %

houfe or other houfe belongs, (hall be deemed and taken to be

the haver of fuch concealed arms, in contempt of this prefent

ad, and, being thereof convided in manner above mentioned,

(hall, if a man, fuffer the penalties hereby above enaded; and if the tenant or poflefior of fuch houfe where arms are fo found,

(hall be a woman, (he being thereof convided in manner above if a woman, mentioned, (hall, by warrant of the juftices of the peace, be- {ball beimpk, fore whom (he (hall be fo convided, fuffer imprifonment for the fone4 for t^o fpace of two years, within the Tolfootb of the head burgh of the X®"?*

(hire or ftewartry, in which (he (hall be convided, and (hall be cwJmg°iooU further liable to be fined by the faid juftices of the peace, according to their diferetion, in any fum hot exceeding one hundred pounds, lawful money of Great Britain; unlefs fuch tenant or pofleflbr, in whofe houfe, barn, office, houfe, out-houfe or other houfe by them poffefled, fuch arms (hall be found concealed, do give fufficient evidence to the fatisfadion of the faid juftices of the peace, before whom he or (he (hall be tried, that fuch arms were fo hid and concealed without his or her connivance, privity or knowledge*; and if any perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall be acceflary or privy to the niding or concealing fuch arms Acceffitnes* in the fields, or in any other place whatfoever, he, (he or they being thereof lawfully convided! before any two or more juftices of the peace as aforeiaid, (hall fuffer the penalties refpedively. a-bove enaded.

III.	And to the intent that all and every clan and clans, and other perfon and perfons named, deferibed or concerned in fuch fummons, may'have due notice thereof, and to prevent all que-ftions concerning the legality of fuch notice, it is hereby further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That fuch fummons (hall, guipnjons fuf-notwithftandine the generality thereof, be deemed fufficient, if ficicnt, if it" it exprefs the clan or clans that are commanded to deliver up exprefi the their weapons, or the lands, limits and boundings, the inhabi- or the li-tants whereof are to be difarmed, and that it (hall be a fufficient	^

and legal execution or notice given of the faid fummons, if it is parifh church affixed on the door of the parith church or parilh churches of the door, feveral paroches, within which the lands, the inhabitants whereof are to be difarmed, lie, on any Sunday, betwixt the hours of ten in the forenoon and two in the afternoon, four days at lead before the day prefixed for delivering up the arms, and on the market-crofs of the head burgh of the (hire or ftewartry, within which the faid lands lie, eight days before the day appointed for the faid delivery of the arms; and in cafe the perfon or perfons employed to affix the faid fummons on the doors of the feveral parith churches, or any of them, (hall be intercepted, molefted or forcibly hindred to affix the faid fummons on the doors of the faid churches, or

any

.

4Utt9undednioGB(MLOiI L c.%6.	[1714^

any of them, upon oath made to the cfihdt aforefaid, before any of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace, the fummons affixed on the markec-crofa of the head burgh of the (hire or ftewartry ae aforefaid, dull be deemed and taken to be fufficient notice to all the perfons commanded thereby to deliver up their arms ; and-they, upon their negledt or difobedience, (hall fuffer and be U-able to the coovi&ion and penalties above exprefied, in the lame fanner as if the fummons had been regularly affixed on the doors of the feveral parifh churches.

IV.	And to the end that fufficient evidence may remain, in all time to come, of the execution or notice given of the Cum* mons for difarming the fevera) clans and diftridls as aforefaid, it is'further enadied by the authority aforefaid. That upon the elapfing of the faid feveral days to be prefixed for delivering up Peribn em- arms, the perfon or perfons employed to affix copies of the ployed to affix fummons above mentioned, on the inarket-crofe of the head the fummons boroughs of any (hire or ftewartry, (hall, before any one of his Majdty’s juftices of the peace for the laid (hire or ftewartry tbatJie hath to	^th, that he or they did truly execute and give notice of the

9	fame, by affixing it as aforefaid; and the perfon or perfons employ-

er that he was to affix the faid fummons on the doors of the paiifh church or forcibly hind* pari(h churches, (hall make oath in the fame manner and to ttse rah	fame effect, or otherwife (hall fwear. That he or they were in-

tercepted, molefted or forcibly hindred to affix copies of the faid Oaths and du- fommons as aforefaid; which oaths, together with full copies, plicate* of the ^ duplicates of the fummons, to which they feverally relate, beentred in ^iaM be delivered to the (heriff or ftewart clerk of the faveral the (heriff*	(hires or ftewartries, within which the lands, intended to be dif-

books.	armed, lie, who (ball enter the fame in books which he and

they is and are hereby required to keep for that purpofe; and the faid books in which the entries are fo made, or extracts out of the fame, under the hand of the (heriff or ftewart clerks, (haH in all time to come be deemed and taken to be full and compleat evidence of the execution of the fummons, in order to the con-vidtion of the perfons who (hall negledt or refufe to comply with the fame.

Sheriff clerk	V. And be it further enaded. That if any fuch (heriff or

not making ftewart derk negledt or refufe to make fuch entry as is above ^cks^is of* mentioned, or (nail refufe to exhibit the books containing fuch fice and iool.~ entries, or to give extradts of the fame, being thereto required by any perfon or perfons, who (hall carry on any profecutions as aforefaid, the clerk fo negledting or refufing (hall forfeit his office, and (hall be further liable to a fine of one hundred • pounds fterling, to be recovered upon a fummary complaint before the court of feffion, for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors.

lord lietite- VI. And it is further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That a^int0 **	an<* ^ b® lawful to and for the lord lieutenant of any

foiutofearcb °f	(hires aforefaid, or the perfon or perfoiis authorized by

tor arms. bis Majefty, as above mentioned, or for any two or more juftices of the peace, bjrwarrant under his or their band and fad,

to

1724.] Anna undecimo Gsougii I. c. 26.	*51

to authorizeand appoint any perfon or perfons whom he or they (hall think fit, to enter into any houfe or houfes, within the limits aforefaid, either by day or by night, and there to fear ch far and feize all fuch arms and warlike weapons, as (hall be found contrary to the dire&ion of this a&; provided. That if the laid fearch fhall.be made in the night-time, between fun-letting and fun-rifing, it (hall be made in jprefence of a conflable, and if a-ny perfons, to the number of five or more, (hall at any time af- on oppofitfcm femble together to obftrudt the execution of any thing hereby the forces to required to be executed, it (hall and may be lawful to and for every lord lieutenant, deputy lieutenant, or juftice of the peace where fuch afiembly (hall be, and alfo to and for every peace-officer within any (uch (hire, -ftewartry, city, borough or place where fuch afiembly (hall be, and likewife to and for all and every fuch other perfon or perfons as by his Maiefty, his heirs and fuc-ceflors, (hall be authorized and appointed in that behalf as afore-* faid, to require the aid and affifiance of the forces of his Maje-fty, his heirs and fuccefiors, by applying to the officer commanding the faid farces, and all other his and their loving fub-jefts (who are hereby authorized, impowered and commanded to give fuch aid and affifiance accordingly) to fupprefs fuch unlawful afiembly, in order to the putting this a ft in due execution, and alfo to feize, apprehend and difarm, and they are hereby required to feize, apprehend and difarm fuch perfons fo afiembled together, and forthwith to carry the perfons fo apprehended before any one or more of his Majefty’s jufiices of the peace of the (hire or place where fuch perfons (hall be fo apprehended, in order to their being proceeded againft for fuch their offences according to law; and that if the perfons fo unlawfully afiembled, ah perfont'1 or any of them, or any other perfon or perfons fummoned to indemnified!* deliver up his or their arms, in purfuance of this a&, (hall hap- maiminaor pen to be killed, maimed or hurt, in the difperfing, feizing and^Jjjf^*11 apprehending, or in the endeavouring to dilperfe, feize or ap-prebend them, by reafon of their refilling the perfons fo difperfing, feizing or apprehending, or endeavouring to difperfe, feize or apprehend them, that then all and every fuch lord lieutenants, deputy lieutenants, juftice or jufiices of the peace, or any peace officer or officers, and all and every perfon and perfons authorized and appointed by his Majefty, his heirs or fuccefiors in that behalf as aforefaid, and all and Angular foldiers and other perfons, being aiding and aflifting to him, them, or any of them, (hall be freed, difeharged and indemnified, as well a-gainft the King’s majefty, his heirs and fuccefiors, as againft all and every other perfon and perfons, of, for or concerning the the killing, maiming or hurting any fuch perfon or perfons fo unlawfully afiembled, that (hall be fo killed, maimed or hurt as aforefaid.

VII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. All courts to That if any a&ion, civil or criminal, (hall be brought before allow defend-any court whatfoever againft any perfon or perfons for what he antB t*ie *"r ' or they (hall lawfully do in purfuance or execution of this a<ft, dcmmt3V®*

*	fuch

15*	Anno	undccimo Georoii I. c. i€.	[*724.

fuch court (hall allow the defender the benefit of the difcharge and indemnity above provided, and (hall further decern the pur-fuer to pay to the defender the full and real expences, that he (hall be put to by fuch aftion or profecution, threefold.

JJo peers or VIII. Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enafted by the parliament a authority aforefaid, That no peers of this realm, nor their fons, men, &c. lit- nor any members of parliament nor any perfon or perfons who, Soned	^	a<^	ab°ve rec>te<l of the firft year of his Majefty, were

■ * #	allowed to have or carry arms, (hall by virtue of this act be li-

able to be fummoned to deliver up their arms or warlike wea-

pons,

nor (hall this aft be conftrued to extend to exclude or

hinder any other perfon, whom his Majefty, his heirs or fuccef-fors, by licence under his or their royal lign manual, (hall permit • to wear arms, or who (hall be licenced to wear arms, by any writing or writings under the hand and Teal, or hands ana feals of any perfon or perfons authorized by his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, to give fuch licence, from keeping, bearing, or wearing fuch and fo many arms and warlike weapons, as in fuch licence or licences, or either of th^m, (hall for that purpofe be particularly fpecified.

IX.	And to the end that no perfon or perfon9 intended to be difarmed, my be difeouraged from delivering up their weapons, from the apprehenfion of the penalties and forfeitures, which they may have incurred through their neglefting to comply with the directions of the aft above recited of the firft year of hi$

- Majefty, intituled, An aft for the more effectual fecuring the peace *	^	^e	Highlands of Scotland; be it therefore Further enafted.

Nonemail be That from and after the time of affixing any fuch fummons as fued for bear- aforefaid, no perfon or perfons, refiding within the bounds “ “** ^ therein mentioned, (hall be fued or profecuted for his or their having, or having had, bearing, or having bom arms, at any time before the feveral days to be prefixed or limited by fum«r mons as aforefaid, for the refpeftivc clans and diftrifts to deliver up their arms; but if any perfon or perfons (hall refufe or gleft to deliver up their arms, in obedience to fuch fummons as aforefaid, or (hall be afterwards found in arms, he and they (hall be liable to the penalties and forfeitures of the ftatute a-bove recited, as well as to the penalties of this prefent aft.

X.	And to the intent that no perfon or perfons whatfoever, who (hall be convifted by any civil Magiftrate, or court of judicature, within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, of any crime, importing a capital or any other corporal punifh-ment, may be grieved by the over hafty execution of fuch fen-tence, without allowing time for application to his Majefty, or

T' f out- *° ^e,rs anc* fucceflors, for his or their gracious pardon; be tin™in execu-k enafted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the tion fentences firft day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty five, importing a no fentence or judgment of any civil magiftrate, or court of capital judicature, importing a capital or any corporal punifhment, if pora^puni * pronounced in Edinburgh, or any other part of Scotland to the fouthward of the Frith, or river of Forth f (hall be put to exe-’

cutioq

ytg arms be fore the fum-mons except he refute to deliver them up*

1724.] Anno undecimo GEorgii I. c< 26.	i$j

cution within lefs than thirty days after the date of fuch fen-. Judgment for

tence : and if pronounced in any place to the northward of the

faid Frith or river of Forth, (half be put to execution within lefs thandeath,*

than forty days after the date of fuch fentenle: provided never- &c. may be

thelefs, that nothing herein contained (hall hinder or difable executed after

the courts of judicature, or any other civil magiftrate within

Scotfapd, to commit to gaol, and detain in cuftody, in order to	****

trial, or in order to the exedutioh of fen tence, as they by law

might have done’before the making of this aft.

XI.	And whereas it is found by Experience, that the fums for. which bail is to be taken on any criminal information, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, in purfuance of the aft of parlia-

ment made there in the year one tboujand feven hundred’and onetJ^e^bail in intituled, An aft for preventing wrongous imprifonment, and criminal in-againft undue delays in trial, are too Jmall and difproportioned to formation to the danger, of the criminals ejeaping from the punijbment appointed by law, extending no higher than to the Jum oj ■fixtboufani for a nobleman, three thoufand merks for a landed gentleman, one thoufand merks for any other gentleman or burgefs, and three hundred merks, all money of Scotland, for any other inferior perfon; be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid firft day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty five, it may and (hall be lawful to and for all and every magiftrate, judge, and court of judicature within Scotland, who by the faid aft above recited, were, in cafe of criminal informations and accufations, direfted to limit the bail by them to be taken to the feveral and refpeftive fums above mentioned, to	r

extend the bail to be given in the faid feveral and refpeftive cafes to double the fums provided by the aforefaid aft, it he or they upon the circumflances of the cafe (hall think fit.	•	*

XII.	And whereas for want of a fufficient fund for defraying the charges of apprehending criminals in North Britain, and of fubftfting them when apprehended, until profecution, and of carrying on the necejfary profecutions againft them, it often happens, that criminals there efcape the punijbment due to their offences 5 for preventing of which inconveniences for the future, be it enafted by the autho- How the

rity aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the charges of ap~

freeholders of every (hire, county or diftrift in North Britain, to prehending

aflefs the feveral (hires or ftewartries where their eftates lie, at SCiU^dcfray-

their meetings at any of their head courts yearly, in fuch fums cd.

as they (hall judge reafonable and fufficient for the purpofes a-

forefaid; and that fuch monies fo from time to time to be aflef-

fed (hall be collefted, received and accounted for by fuch perfon

aiid perfons, and in fuch manner, as fuch freeholders (hall from	*	~

time to time appoint, and (hall be applied for defraying the

charges of apprehending of criminals, and of fubfifting them in

prifon until profecution, and of profecuting fuch criminals for

their feveral offences by due courfe of law, and to and for no

other ufe or purpofe whatfoever.

XIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby enafted and declared Continuance, by the authority aforefaid. That fo much of this aft, and of all

and

*54	Anno	ttndecirfio	G&oRGII	I.	c.	27,	28.	£1724.'

and every the daufes and provifoes herein contained, which are mentioned, or intended to put a flop to, and for preventing for the future the mifchiefs in this ad nrft recited, and which concern and relate to the Tummoning and difarming the perfons herein before mentioned and intended to be difarmed, Khali be, remain and continue ih full force and virtue, for and during the full term of feven years, and from thence to the end of the then next felfion orparliament, and nolon|er; any thing herein before faid or contained to the contrary in any wife not with-landing.

CAP. XXVII.

An ad for enlarging the term granted by an ad pried in the fifth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, intituled, An a& for re-fairing tbe highways betwttn Sheppards-Shord and tbt Devizes* and hi-FtveCn (be top of A(hlingtdn*hi11 and Rowdford in the county of Wilts; nnd for explaining the laid ad, and making the fame more effectual and extenfive.

The ad 5 Ann. c. s6. from S April 1718. to be in force for the purposes of that ad, and for repairing Stert Stone road, for *x years longer. Cm-tmmd by cl Geo. a. c. 14.

CAP. XXVIIL

v

jin aSt far tbe better regulating tf buildings, and to prevent mifchiefs that may happen by fire within the weekfy bills of ' mortality, and other places therein mentioned.

I. TT7HEREAS by an ad made in tbe ftxtb year of tbt reign, y..,? ^ VV of her late majefty fpueen Anne, intituled. An a& for preventing the better preventing mifchiefs that may happen by fire, it is, #• fire.	mongft	other things enaded, That from and after the prft dayefMzf

one iboufani feven hundred and eight, all and every houfe and boetfes, that /ball be ere tied and built, either upon eld or new foundations in any place or places in and about tbe cities of London and Weft minder, or other parijbes or placts comprized within the weekly bills of mortality, /hall have party-walls between houfe and beufe wholly of brick or done, and of two bricks thick at the heft in the cellar and ground Jteries, and thirteen inches thick upwards freen the feundatm quite through all the Jlories of each houje, and eighteen inches above the retf, and that no mundiuion or tonijb tf timber or weed lender the eves /ball thereafter be made or fu/ftred tn any fitch new bostft et houfes, but that all front and rear walls of every houfe and bonfts /ball be built of brick or done, to be earned two foes and a half e-hove tbe garret floor, and toped with font or brick, wider tbe Penal-7 Ana. c. 17. ^ thtrtin mentioned: and-whereas by antther ad made in tbt Jeventb year of tbe reign tf her faid late Majefty (ftr making mere efedntl tbe faid ad) it is, among/} other things tnaded. That from and after the firft day of May one thoufand feven hundred and nine, all and every houfe and houfes, that /hall be treded and built, either upon tU or new foundations, in any place or places in and about tbt cities tf London and Weftminfter, or other pari/bts or placts tomprbui tmtbin tbe weekfy bills of mortality- (except houfes on Loaisun-Btidge,

and

*55

1724*] Anno undccimo Georgii I. c. 28.

end on the river of Thames below bridge,) Jhall have party-walls between houfe and houfe, wholly of brick or Jlone (except door-cafes, windows^ lentils, breaft-Jummers, ftory-pofts, and plates) of two bricks thick at the leaf in the cellar, and one brick and a half thick upwards to the top of the garret floor y and all gable-ends to be one brick in length, and eighteen inches above the roof and to have no beams or rafters he or fland, or to be in the brick works of the gable-ends: and for preventing fuits about differences in party-walls, it is therein further enabled, That all party-walls jbaU be built nine inches an each man's ground, whether the old party-wall be brick, Jlone of timber, and that the firfl builder JhaU have power to pull down the fame, and build tip the new party-wall as aforefmd, and be paid by the owner of the next houfe after the rate of five pounds per rod, as foon as he Jhall have built the faid party-wall; and for all boufes thereafter to be built, that do not yield the rent of twenty pounds per annum more than the ground-rent, to be left to the discretion of the builders, provided, That all party-walls for the fame te bulk with brick: And whereas divers doubts and difputes have arifen upon the faid recited ads touching thepower of the firfl builder to enter into the next adjoining houfe to Jhore and fupport the fame, and at whoji expence, during the time the party-wall JbaU be pulling down and rebuilding, as a Jo touching what proportion5 of the charges of building party-walls ought to be bom by the owners and occupiers of boufes, having different interefls therein, and other doubts and difficulties arifing upon the faid ads, it is necejfary to explain and amend the 6	Sf*

fame, and to make the faid ads more effedual, may it therefore 7 Aa*'c# t7# pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaded, and be it enadted by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of Builders pul-the fame, That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June Bng.d®** a one thoufand feven hundred and twenty five, all and every per- t^ve^otice fon or perfons who (hall eredt or build, or caufe to be eredted to the adjoin-or built, any houfe or houfes upon any old or new foundation ing houfe. or foundations, in any place or places in and about the cities of London and IVejlminjler, or any parifh or place comprized within the weekly bills of mortality, or within the parifh of Saint 'Mary la bone and Paddington, or within the parifhes of Chelfea and Saint Pancras, or either of them, in the county of Midale-fex, (except houfes on London-bridge and on the river of Thames below bridge,) and who (hall think it neeeffary to pull down any partition-wall between fuch houfe and the next adjoining houfe, (hall (in cafe the owner or occupier of fuch adjoining houfe will not, or by difability cannot agree,) give three months notice in writing to the owner or occupier of fuch adjoining houfe, to whom any part of the faid wall belongs, of fuch nis, her or their intention to pull down fuch party-wall, to the intent that that before fuch party-wall (hall be pulled down, The fame may. To be vlewe4 within the fpace of one month next after fuch notice, be viewed by four work-by four or more able workmen, two or more of which workmen mcn* fttidl be named by fuch firlt builder, and the other two or more

by

2

i$6

Workmen to certify to quarter-fefli-ons the deleft.

Owner of the

next houfe not Jhoreing, firft buiider may,

and build up a party-wait

Anno undecimo GeoRgII I. c. 28.	[172411

by the owner or tenant or occupier of fuch next houfe to that which is intended to be pulled down; and in cafe either of the faid parties (hall refufe or negleft to name within three weeks (next after fuch notice) fuch workmen, that then the other of the faid parties (hall name four or more workmen, who (hall view the party-wall intended to be pulled down, and (without content) the tame (hall not be pulled down, unlefs in any of the cafes aforefaid, the major part of fuch workmen (hall certify in writing under their hands, to the juftices of the peace in the next general or quarter feffions of the peace to be holden for the city or county, where fuch party-wall is intended to be pulled down, that fuch party-wall is defective and ruinous, and ought to be pulled down; and in cafe any perfon or perfons (hall think him, her or themfelves aggrieved by any fuch certificate, fuch juftices (hall, upon complaint to them made, fummon before them one or more of fuch workmen, and fuch other perfon or perfons, as they (hall think fit, and (hall examine the matter upon oath (which oath or oaths they are hereby impowered to adminifter) and upon fuch examination or examinations the faid juftices arc hereby authorized and required to make fuch order or orders in the premifles, as they in their difcretions (hall think to be juft and reafonable, and the determinations of the faid juftices (hall.be final and condufive to all parties without any appeal from the fame.

II. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That if within three days after fuch certificate made by workmen as aforefaid, a copy thereof (hall be delivered to the owner or occupier of fuch next adjoining houfe, or left there, and there (hall be no appeal from the fame within the time aforefaid, in every fuch cafe, if fuch owner or occupier (hall negleft or refufe to fhore and fupport his, her or their houfes within fix days after the time allowed by this aft for appeal as aforefaid. That then it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch firft builder or builders, giving notice as aforefaid, to enter into fuch houfe or houfe* (at all feafonable times) with workmen and materials, to (hore and fupport the fame, and (hall (hore and fupport the fame at the charge and expence of fuch owner or occupier; and after the fame (hall be fo (bored and fupported, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch firft builder or builders, to build up a new party-wall, according to the direftions of the faid recited afts, and within ten days after fuch party-wall (hall be fo built, fuch firft builder or builders (hall, in writing, leave at fuch next houfe, or with the owner or occupier thereof, a true account of the number of rods in fuch party-wall, and one moiety or half-part of the expence thereof, after the rate of five pounds per rod^ /hall be paid by the owner or owners of fuch houfe or houfes, who are entitled to the improved rent thereof; and it (hall and shay be lawful to and for fuch tenant or occupier to pay fuch firft builder or builders for the fame, as alfo for the (horeing and fupporting the houfe as aforefaid, after he or they (hall have built fuch party-wall, and to deduft the fame out of

1724.I Anno Undecimo Georgii I. C. 28.

the next rent that (hall become due from him or her to fpch owner or owners, under whom he or (he* holds or enjoys the fame, and in cafe of negledt or refufal to pay the expence of building the party-wall, or the expence of fhore-ing and fupporting the houfes aforefaid, within one and twenty days after demand thereof, then it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuclv firft builder or builders, his, her or their executors or adminiftrators, to fue fuch owner or owners for Firft builder fuch their proportions of the expences of building or rebuilding may fue for fuch party-wall, and (horeing and fupporting fuch houfe as a- the proportion forefaid, by adtion of debt, or on the cafe, bill, plaint or in- “ccx^cnct* formation, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlmin-Jler, wherein no effoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed.

III.	And for the better preventing the fpreading of fires from

one houfe to another, be it further enaded by the authority a- door-cafe, forefaid, That it (hall not be lawful to make or have in party-wall of any houfe, which after the twenty fourth day of walls.1” ^artjr-June one thoufand fevcn hundred and twenty five, (hall be e-redted Or built within the limits aforefaid, any door-cafe, window, lentil, breaft-fummer, or ftory-pofts or plates whatfo-ever, unlefs where two or more houfes (hall be laid together, and fo ufed or occupied as one houfe only, and during the time of fuch ufage, ahd no longer, upon pain that the owner or owners of any fuch houfe mall, for every fuch offence, forfeit P^alty 5°V the fum of fifty pounds ; but it may be lawful that fuch door-cafe, window, lentil, breaft-fummer, or ftory pofts or plates fhall or may be fixed or put in the front of fuch houfe or build* ing for the convenience of a (hop or (hops only.

IV.	And whereas froeral old houfes within the cities of London

and Weftminfter, and other the limits aforefaid, have injiead of one Firrt Guilder

S-wally two old timber-walls or partitions, one belonging to each JJfa^nmber ** , and feparate from one another, and difputes may arife touching waiis, and tg dawn and rebuilding fuch walls or partitions, as there may be build a new occa[tony be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That fuch brick wall* firft builder as aforefaid, giving three months notice as aforefaid to the owner or occupier, or owners or occupiers, (hall have power to pull down both the faid timber*walls or partitions, and to build a new brick party-wall of fuch thicknefs and height, as is diredted by the faid recited adts, and to pull down ana rebuild the fame, and (hall be paid for fuch party-walls in fuch manner, as herein before direfted and appointed, fubjedt to fuch appeal and determination by the juftices of the peace as aforefaid.

V.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. Water from That the water falling from the tops of the faid houfes to be *hc t°P*?f bjuilt after the faid twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven fo^nvevedby hundred and twenty five, within the limits aforefaid, and the wa-pacty.pipei* ter falling from the balconies and penthoufes thereof* (hall be conveyed into the channels by party-pipes on the fides er fronts of VoL. XV.	S	the

Penalty iol.

and difpofed of.

Anno undecimo Georgii I. c. 28.	[1724.

the faid houfes, on pain that the owner or owners offending herein (hall for every offence forfeit the fum of ten pounds. Penalties how VI. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, to be levied That all fines, penalties and forfeitures infli&ed or impofed by this a&, (hall be fued for, levied and recovered in like manner, as is herein before mentioned, and one moiety or half-part thereof (hall be to the informer or informers, and the other moiety thereof to the poor of the parifh where fuch offence (hall be committed.

Second build- VII. And whereas divers houfes are or may hereafter be built on er not to take new foundations, within the limits above-mentioned, and whichftani the benefit offingly by themfelves, and have no boufe adjoining to one end or fide the firft build- thereof by means whereof fuch builder or builders have been at the *r« narfv. w)j0je charge and expence of building two party-walls and a fence-wall

er’s party wall.

to one and the fame houfe, and fome other perfon or perfons may build upon the ground next adjoining to fuch houfe or houfes > be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall not be lawful to and for any fuch fecund builder or builders, his, her or their executors, adminiftrators or afiigns, to make ufe of or take the benefit of fuch party-wall and fence-wall, nor (hall fuch fe-cond builder or builders, his, her or their executors, adminiftrators or afiigns, on any account whatfoever, lay any wood or timber, or cut any hole for cupboards, prefles, or any other uf$s. Penalty 50b in fuch party-wail, under the penalty of forfeiting the fum of ' fifty pounds.

y III. And whereas by the fa id recited a of the fixth year of the find late £)ueeti there is a penalty of fifty pounds laid upon the owner and head builder or workman, who Jbould negleCi to build every houfe thereafter to be built according to the directions of the faid recited a8% one moiety whereof to be to the informer, and the other moiety to the poor of the parijh wherein fuch buildings Jhould be ereCled: and whereas perfons convicted upon the faid aCty after they have pend the faid penalty thereby infliCiedy are not obliged to make good fuch par-tition-walls and defects, for which they have been profeeuied, [0 that the preventing the danger that may happen from fire, which tht faid aCi was defigned for, will in a great meafure be evaded and ren* dred ineffectual; and whereas fince the paffing of the faid recited a&9 there has been a very great increafe of buildings within the limits a-- forefaidj and many of the houfes Jo built are not in every refpeCt built according to the directions of the faid recited aCts, whereby the feve* ral oivners and head builders thereof have incurred the f aid penalty, and feveral perfons are informed againfl, and now under profecutim far 'the fame, which if they are convicted for, they are not liable to make good the faid defects, fo that the mifehiefs from fire, that by the faid aCts were intended to be prevented, will be defeated in all tbofi houfes fo built, and many families probably be utterly ruined; and • ’ whereas the faid firfl ownerhead builders or workmen of filth boufis fo irregularly built are ivilling and defirous to make good the s fiiid defectS) whereby the intent of the faid aCts would be fully an* fivered, provided they may be exempted from the penalties already incurred by the faid former acts be it therefore cnaihfjl by the authority

1724-} Anno urideclmo GeorgiI I. C. 18.	259

thority aforefaid, That all fuch firft owners, head builders orBuiider»mak-workmen, who (hall, on or before the twenty ninth day of Sep- jng g^d thc" timber one thoufand feven hundred and twenty feven, make good defects, and fuch defeats, purfdant to .the directions of the faid adts, and (hall paying the inpay or caufe to be paid to every informer or informers (if by them demanded) fuch their reafonable cods and charges of pro- liable to’penal-fecutidn or fuit, which fhall have been fo commenced (upon ties,&c.EXP. Which no conviction (hall be obtained before the tenth day of May one thoufand feven hundred and twenty five) to be fettled ■ and fixed by three or more of fuch jufiices of the peace of the city or county where the offence hath been committed, (hall not be liable to the penalties of the faid adts, but (hall and are hereby acquitted and difchar^ed of and from the fame; but in cafe fuch firft owner, head builder or workmen (hall not make good fuch defedts, and pay fuch reafonable cofts and charges of profe-cution, fo fixed and fettled as aforefaid, within the time herein before limited, that then for fuch negledt, he, (he or they (hall forfeit double the penalty in the faid adt mentioned; and all fuch firft owners, head builders and workmen, who (hall have been convidted by virtue of the faid recited ads, or either of them, before the faid tenth day of May, and who (hall not make good fuch defects (for which they or either of them were fo convicted) before the time herein before limited for making good the fame,

(hall notwithftanding fuch convidtion, be further liable to the penalties of the faid adts, all which penalties are to be recovered and paid in fuch manner, as by the faid adts are diredted: provided neverthelefs. That in cafe the prefent owners or occupiers of fuch houfeor houfes as are fo defective, and built contrary to the directions of either of the faid recited adts, (hall refufe and deny fuch firft owner, head builder or workmen, within the'time above limited, on giving him, her or them thirty days notice at leaft, in writing, to be left at their dwelling houfe or houfes, to enter into and upon the premifies, and to bring materials for ' making good the faid defects, that then upon proof made on oath before two or more juftices of the peace of fuch denial or refufal, fuch firft owner, head builder or workmen (hall, and are hereby difcharged of and from the penalties of the faid recited adts and of this prefent adt, and fuch prefent owner or occupier fo denying and refuting, (hall be, and is and are hereby declared fubjedt and liable to pay the fame penalties, as the faid nrft owners, head builders or workmen (hould have paid; any thing herein or in the above recited adts contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

IX.	Provided, That whereas the faid conviction for the faid Conviaionb* forfeitures was to be only before one juftice of the peace, it is fore two ju-hereby enadted and declared. That the (aid convidtion (hall, from dice* and after the faid twenty fifth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty five, be before two juftices of the peace at the leaft.



CAP,

Anno undccimo Georgii I. c.29.	[1724;

CAP. XXIX.

An aft to continue fevered afts therein mentioned for preventing frauds committed by bankrupts \ for encouraging the fnk manufactures of this kingdom •, for preventing the clan-define funning of goods \ for making copper ore of the Britifh plantations an enumerated commodity •, and for explaining and amending a late aft for more effectual punifb-tnent of fucb as /hall wilfully burn or deftroy Jbips.

WHEREAS the laws herein after mentioned (which have by experience been found ufeful and beneficial) are near expiring% may it therefore please your Majeftv that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the Bankrupts aft authority of the fame, That an act made in the fifth year of his 5 Geo. 1. c. 24. Maiefty's reign, intituled. An aft to prevent frauds committed by bankrupts, which aft was to continue in force for feven years, y •	‘	from the twenty fixth day of May one thoufand feven hundred

and fixteen, ana from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, fhall be, and is hereby continued from the ex* piration thereof, for and during the (pace of one year, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament. EXP. A& S Geo s	bc	lt further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

c. if for en-' That the feveral claufes for encouragement of the filk manufac-oouraaine filk tures of this kingdom, and for taking off feveral duties on mer-manuTaftutvs, chandizes exported, contained in an aft made in the eighth year to. his Majefty’s reign for encouragement of the (ilk manufac-tures of this kingdom, and for taking off feveral duties on mer-nmed by 26 Geo. chandizes exported, and for other purpofes therein mentioned, *• c. 31. which faid claufes were to have continuance for three years from the twenty fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred-and twenty two, and to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, (hall be and are hereby continued from the expiration thereof for and during the fpace of three years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament.

Tffolaftdaof-	^nd	be	it	enafted, That the two lad claufes (for the more

cs in an aft effectual preventing frauds and abufes in the faid manufaftures) 9 Geo. 1. c. S. contained in an aft made in the ninth year of his Majefty’s reign, to be in force, for continuing fome laws, and reviving others, and for other purpofes therein mentioned, (hall be of full force, and (hall be put in execution accordingly.

Aft f Geo. t. rV* And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, c. is. to pre* That an aft made in the eighth year of his Majefty’s reign, invent running tituled. An aft to prevent the clandeftine running of goods^ and tbe °f con" danger of infection thereby^ and to prevent Jbips breaking their p»-tbm yeiJL	rentine, and to fubjeft copper ore of the production of the Britifh

&c. Farther plantations to fuch regulations, as other enumerated commodities of tbe cmtvmtd by	like production are fubjeft> which afts was to continue in force for

atGco.s.c.js*	^	two

17^4*3 Anno undecimo Georgii I. c. 29.	261

two years, from the twenty fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, (hall be and is hereby continued, from the expiration thereof, for and during the fpace of three years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, except fo much of the fame adt as relates to (hips Exception, or veffels performing quarentine.

V.	And whereas by an aft made in the fourth year of bis Maje- 4Geo. 1. c. n. Jtf* reign, intituled, An adt for enforcing and making perpetual

an adt of the twelfth year of her late Majefty, intituled. An aft for preferving all fuch flaps, and goods thereof which /ball happen to he forced on there or Jlranded on the coajl of this kingdom, or any other of his Majeftfs dominions, and for mmdting the punifhment of death on fuch as ihall wilfully burn or deftroy (hips, it is a-mongft other things enafted, That if any owner of or captain, tnqfler, mariner, or other officer belonging to am flip, flail after the twenty fourth day of June which flail be in the year of our Lord one thou-fund feven hundred and eighteen, wilfully cqfl away, burn, or, other-wife deftroy the JMp, of which he is owner, or unto which he belongs, or in any manner or wife dire ft or procure the fame to be done, to the prejudice of any perfon or perfons that /ball underwrite any policy or policies of infurance thereon, or of any merchant or merchants that flail load goods thereon, he JhaU juffer death.

VI.	And whereas fome doubts have arifen touching the nature of the offence provided againft by the fatd recied aft, and the trial and punijh-went to be bad and infliftedfor the fame, be itlherefore cnaAed and declared by the authority aforefaid, That if any owner of, of wilfu decaptain, mailer, officer or mariner belonging to any (hip or vef- (taking Oupa, fel, Ihall after the four and twentieth day of June one thoufand death, feven hundred and twenty five, wilfully call away, burn, or o-

fherwife deftroy the fhip or veflel, of which he is owner, or t6 which he belongeth, or in any wife diredt or procure the fame to be done, with intent or delign to prejudice any perfon or per-Tons, that hath or (hall underwrite any policy or policies or infurance thereon, or of any merchant or merchants that (hall load goods thereon, or of any owner or owners of fuch (hip of veflel, the perfon or perfons offending therein, being thereof lawfully convidted, (hall be deemed and adjudged a felon or felons, and (hall fuffer as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

vIL And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Howthefeof-That if any of the faid offences, in wilfully cafting away, bum- fences are to ing, or otherwife deftroying any (hip or veflel as aforefaid, (toll be tried, be committed within the body of any county of this realm, the fame (hall and may be enquired of, tried, determined and adjudged in the fame courts, in fuch manner and form, as felonies done within the body of any county, by the laws of this realm, are to {>e enquired of, tried, determined and adjudged * and if pny of the faid offences (hall be committed upon the high feas, the fame (hall be enquired of, tried, determined and adjudged before fuch court, and in fuch manner and form, as in and by

Sj •	an

262	Anno undecimo Georgii I. c. 30.	[1724,,

tS H. g. c. 1 .an ma<*e *n A® eight and twentieth year of the reign of King H**ry the Eighth, intituled. For pirates, is directed and appoint* ed for the enquiring, trying, determining and adjudging of felonies done upon the high feas.

CAP. XXX.

An aft for more effeftual preventing frauds and abufes in the ...	publick	revenues, for preventing frauds in the fait duties,

and for giving relief for fait ufed in the curing of falmon and codjifh, in the year one tboufand [even hundred and nineteen, exported from that part of oreat Britain iallei Scotland; for enabling the infurance companies to plead the general iffue in aftions brought againft them\ and for fecuring the ft amp-duties upon policies of infurance•

WHEREAS notwithstanding the many good laws, which have been made and paffea for preventing of frauds and abufes in his Mejeftys duties of excife, and other his Alaieftfs duties which have been put under the receipt and management of the refpeftive cem-mijjioners of excife in Great Britain, the feveral and refpeftive revenues, arifmg by and from the faid feveral and refpeftive duties, are very much leffened, by the clandeftine and collufive importation of brandy, arrack, rum, fpirits and ftrong waters, coffee, tea, cocoa-nuts and chocolate, into this kingdom of Great Britain, from part\ beyond the feas, without payment of any^ of the duties by law charg-able on the fame, and the fair dealers in the faid commodities much prejudiced m their, trade therein: for remedy whereof, be it en-mef oliem by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the ad? of excife may vice and confept of the lords fpiritual and temporal and com* go on board mons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority JPipK to pf the fame, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June wcuftonf otfU one t^oufand fevcn hundred and twenty five, it (hall ana may be eers legally * lawful to and for the officers of his Majefty’s revenue of excife, may.	pr any of them, to go on board and enter into any (hip or vef-

fel whatfoever, which (hall be within the limits of aiiy of the ports of this kingdom, and to continue on board the fame, and to rummage and fearch in like manner, as the officers of the cu-ftoms may now legally do, for all fuch arrack, rum, brandy, fpirits or ftrong waters, or other excifeable liquors whatfoever, and for all coffee, tea, cocoa nuts, chocolate and cocoa pafte,‘ and to feize, for his Majefty’s ufe, as well all fuch of the faid commodities as (hall be there found, as by the laws thereunto refpeftively relating (hall be forfeited, together with the calks, boxes, chefts, bags, or other package containing the fame, and }n like manner to feize fuch of the commodities aforefaid, every or any of them, as before due entry thereof with the proper officer or officers, and without paying or fecuring the duties on the importation thereof, (hall be found unihipping or unfhipped out of fuch (hip or veflel, to be laid on land without entry and payment of the duties due for the fame refpedtively, together

-witii

1724*]	Anno	undecimo	Georgii	I. C.30.	t6$

with the calks, chefts, boxes, bags, or other package whatfo-ever containing the fame.

II. And it is hereby further ena&ed by the authority afore- Officer by fpe-faid, That in cafe any officer or officers for the faid duty of ex- '^.^rch for cife (hall have caufe to fufpelt that any foreign brandy, arrack, brandy, &c. rum, fpirits or drong waters (hall be fraudulently hid or con- fraudulently cealed in any place whatfoever, either entred for keeping the bid* fame as aforefaid, or not entred, with an intent to defraud his Majefty of the duties thereon, then and in fuch cafe, if fuch place (nail be within the cities of London or IVejlminJler, or within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, upon oath made by fuch officer or officers before the commimoners of excife for the time being, or any two or more of them, or in cafe the fame (hall be in any other part of Great Britain, upon oath .made by fuchofficer or officers before one or more juftice or judices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion or place, where fuch officer or officers (hall iufpelt the fame to be hid or concealed, fetting forth the ground of his or their fufpicion, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiffioners, or judice or judices of the peace refpectively, before whom fuch affidavit or affidavits (hall be made, if he or they (hall iudge it reafonable, by fpecial warrant or warrants under his and their refpeltive hands and feais, to authorize and impower fuch officer or officers by day or by night, but if in the night-time in the prefence of a con-dable or other lawful officer of the peace, to enter into all and every fuch place or places where he or they (hall fo fufpelt fuch foreign brandy, arrack, rum, fpirits or drong waters (hall be fo fraudulently hid or concealed, and feize and carry away all fuch foreign brandy, arrack, rum, fpirits or drong waters, which he or they (hall then and there find fo fraudulently hid or concealed, as forfeited, together with all the ca(ks or other veffels and .	:

things wherein the fame (hall be contained j and if any perfon Obftru&ing or perfons whatfoever (hall obdrud, oppofe, moled, let or hip- forteitg der any officer or officers of or for the faid duties, or any ofxoo,# them, in the doing, performing or executing any of the powers or authorities by this alt given to fuch officer or officers, every fuch perfon or perfons offending therein (hall for every fuch offence forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- nq brandy,1 faid. That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June &c. to be ex-one thoufand feven hundred and twenty five no arrack, brandy, Pofcjl to fale rum, fpirits or drong waters, whether Britijb or foreign, (hall be fold, uttered or expofea to fale, either by wholefale or re- p tail, but when the fame (hall be in fome or one of the ware-houfes, dorehoufes, rooms, (hops, cellars, vaults or other places, entred or to be entred in purfuance of an alt of parliament made in the fixth year of the reign of his prefent Maje- 6Get.i.c.*«« fty, intituled. An aft for preventing frauds and abufes in the publick revenues of excife and cujloms^ Jlamp-duty and bouje-money, on paip of forfeiting all fuch arrack, rum, fpirits and drong waters frhich (hall be fo fold, uttered or expofed to fale contrary to the

S	4.	true'

Anno undecimo GeorDii I. c.30.	[1724.

true intent and meaning of this a&, together with the cafks, bottles or other veflels containing the laipe, over and above the penalty of forty (hillings per gallon impofed for the faid offence by the faid a6i of the fixth year of bis Majefty’s reign. Sellers of IV. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, brandy, Uc. That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June one thou-ttae l?°rf ®cven hundred and twenty live all and cvenr perfon and coffee, &c.°to pcrfons whatfoever, who (hall keep a publick houie, (hop, cel-be deemed lar or warehoufe, for felling of brandy, arrack, rum, fpirits or dealers, ftrong waters, and (hall have in bis, her or their cuftody, or jn the cuftody of any other perfon or perfons for his, her or their ufe, any coffee* tea, chocolate or cocoa nuts exceeding the quantity of fix pounds of any of the faid commodities, (hall be deemed and taken to be fellers and dealers in the faid com-? modifies within the meaning of this and the faid former a# for charging inland duties upon coffee, tea and chocolate. Adulterating V. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, and too I* That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of Juno one 100 * thoufand (even hundred and twenty five no dealer in tea, or roanufadurer or dyer thereof, or pretending (b to be, (hal) counterfeit or adulterate tea* or caufc or procure the fame to be counterfeited or adulterated, or (hall alter, fabricate or maim* frufture tea with Terra Japamca, or with any drug or drugs whatfoever, nor (hall mix or caufe or procure to be mixed with tea any leaves, other than leaves of tea, or other ingredients whatfoever, on pain of forfeiting and lofing the tea fo counterfeited, adulterated* altered, fabricated, manufactured or mixed, and other thing or things whatfoever added thereto, or mixed or ufed therewith, and alfo the fum of one hundred pounds.

fceGeo.i.c.io. VI. And whereas by an aft paffed in the tenth year ef the reign ef his profint Mayejty, fer repealing certain duties therein mentioned payable upon toffee, tea, cocoa nuts, chocolate and cocoa pqfio9 and fee granting inland duties in lieu thereof and fer ether purpofes therein mentioned, it was enafted, That the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietorsy cf fiuh coffee and tea as were found in the ware* houfes appointed by the tcmmifjioners ef the cvftoms for the reception thereof Jbould, in one month next after tie.twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty four, or upon delivery thereof out of the Jaid warehoufes before the expiration of the fati month, make an entry at the cujlom-houfe of all fucb coffee and tea fo foundy and pay or fecure the remaining cuftoms or duties due there-on, or on failure thereof that all fuel) toffee and tea Jbould be forfeited and UJl) and in cafe fuch coffee and tea9 or any part thereof Jhould be exported within the time allofved by law for that purpofi from the importation thereof the exporter or exporters Jbould9 on a proper debenture, be entitled to draw back all the duties paid on fitch importatioth or the fecurity for the fame Jbould be vacated (except f>alf of the old fubftdy.)

VII.	And whereas a conftderable quantity of coffee and tea wq found in the faid warehoufes,, which bad been there upwards of thru

W|

1724.]	Anno undedmo Gborgii I. c. 30;

years, and for which the remaining duties were paid or fecured according to the directions of the faid ady part of which coffee and tea hath been exported to parts beyond the fea, and fome doubts have arifen upon the making out of the debentures for drawing back the duties of fuch coffee and tea fo exported, the exportation of which coffee and tea not being by law refrained to any particular time; for Warehoufed obviating of which doubts, be it enafted and declared by the fince*" authority aforefaid. That the exporters of all fuch coffee and june 1?24t tea, as have been exported iince the faid twenty fourth day of or to he ex-June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty four, or (hall be P°r£jd before exported before the twenty fifth day of March one thoufand fe-yen hundred and twenty fix, are and (hall be entitled to draw back’all the back the refpedive duties fo paid or fecured for the fame, (ex- duties, except cept half of the old fubfidy 5) any law, cuftom or ufage to the half of the old contrary notwithftanding. EXP.	fubfidy,

VIII.	And whereas great quantities of tea imported into Flanders,

Holland and other parts beyond the pas, directly from the Eaft-Indies by foretgnerSyare from thence imported into this kingdom on fly-pence that fuch tea was formerly exportedfrom hence, to the great prejudice of the trade and navigation of this kingdom* and to the great dif-couragement and lofs of the fair importers of the faid commodity from

the place of its growth % be it therefore ena&ed by the authority No tea to be aforefaid. That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of imported bu^ June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty five no tea what- ©fits growth? Soever (hall be imported into this kingdom from any place * whatfoever, other than from the pl^ce of its growth, although the fame may have been formerly exported from hence, or upon any other pretence whatioever, on pain of forfeiture of all fuch tea j one moiety whereof (hall be to the ufe of his Ma-jefty, his heirs and (uccefiors, and the other moiety to the ufe of fuch perfon and perfons as (hall feize and fue for the. fame; any law, ftatute, cuftom or ufage to the contrary whatioever notwithftanding,

IX.	And whereas, in order to increafe the weight of roafled eof-fecy whereby to defraud and impofe upon fuch as buy the famey divers evil-difpofed perJonSy at the time or times of roofing jucb coffeey or foon ajtery or before the felling thereof \ do ufe or mixy or cemfe to be ufed or mixed therewithy or do add or caufe to be added thereto buttery lardy greafty water or other matcriahy whereby fuch toffw is rendered lefs ivholefomey to the prejudice of the health of his Met-jefiys fubjeCtSy and to the lofs and injury of all honeft and fair dealers

therein ; for preventing whereof, be it ena&ed by the authority Penalty on aforefaid. That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of °f. June one thoufand feyen hundred and twenty five, no perfon or perfons whatfoever, either in roafting or foon after the roaft- thereirith,* ing, or before felling thereof, (hall, in order to increafe the tool, weight of fuch coffee, ufe or add thereto, or mix therewith any butter, lard, greafe, water or other materials whatsoever^ on pain of forfeiting for every fuch offence, the fum of one hundred pounds; and if any traaer or dealer in coffee (hail knowingly buy or fell any coffee fo mixed, pr tp which fuch .	'	'	_	addition

%66	Anno	undecimo	GeorGii	L c. 30.	[*7*4*

addition (hall be made, every fuch trader or dealer (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds.

X.	And whereas fcveral dealers in brandy, arrack, rum% fpirits andftrong waters, coffee, tea and cocoa-nuts, in order to fecure quantities of the f aid commodities, which have been clandejiinely imported without paying any of the duties by law-charged thereupon ffrom being feizedy as forfeited for fuch clandefline importation thereof do frequently take out permits from the officer or officers for the faid duties upon coffee, tea and chocolate, brandy, arracky rumy jpirits and Jlrong waters y for the removing of the faid commodities from one place to anoihery but in reality do not remove the commodities from the refpeftive places they are authorized by fuch permit to remove the fame to the refpeflive places they are by fuch permit authorized to carry the fame commodities untOy but make ufe of fuch permits for fettering the like quantity of commodities mentioned in fuch permits,

. which have been clandestinely imported, from being feizedy as forfeited for fuch clandefine importation ; for remedy whereof, be it fur-Penalty for ther enadted by the authority aforefaid. That froirr and after taking out the faid twenty fourth day ot June one thoufand feven hundred ^™ending an^ twcnty five* if any perfon or perfons whatsoever (hall take away the com- out any permit or permits from the officers employed in the ihodities in ^ faid duties, or any of them, for removing of any of the laid the time tijmt-commodities from one place to another; and if, within the *	times	limited in fuch permit or permits refpedtivdy, the party

or parties, by or for whom fuch permit or permits (hall be to taken out, (hall not either actually and really fend away all the commodities by fuch permit or permits authorized thereby to be fent away, purfuant to the true intent and meaning thereof, or in default of fo fending away fuch •commodities, (hall not, \>tr (ore the expiration of the time limited in and by fuch permit or not return*anc^ permits, refpe&ively, return fuch permit and permits to ing the per- the officer or officers, from whom the fame was had ; then, nuts, treble and in every fuch refpeftive cafe and cafes, the perfon or per-Cbe value. fons taking out fuch permit or permits, or for whofe ufe fuch.

permit or permits (hall be taken out, (hall, for every gallon of brandy, arrack, rum, fpirits and ftrong waters, and tor every, pound weight of coffee, tea and cocoa nuts** mentioned in fuch permit or permits, and not removed according to the purport thereof, forfeit and lofe treble the value thereof, to be eftimated according to the higheft rate of the like commodities at the r	time	When	fuch	forfeiture	(hall	be	incurred; and if fuch permit

If there does or permits are not fo returned, as aforefaid, and in cafe, upon fuffideiitde- taking an account by any of the officers for the faid duties up-r creafetoan- on brandy, arrack, rum, fpirits and ftrong waters, and for the fwer the re- faid inland duties of the flock of the coffee, tea and cocoa-nuts, moval, officer remaining in the hands or cuftody of the perfon or perfons, quan^yofthe ^rom or out whofe ft°ck the commodities, mentioned itt brandy, &c. fuch permit or permits, as aforefaid, are thereby authorized to be removed, there (hall not appear a fufficient decreafe to anr fwer the removal of the commodities mentioned in fuch per-6	mit

1724.] Anno undecimo Georgii I. c. 30.	*67

mit or permits, as aforefaid, refpe&ively; then, and in fuels cafe, the refpeCtive perfon or perfons, from or out of whofe flock the faid commodities mentioned in the faid permit or per- -jnits (hall be authorized to be removed, (hall forfeit and lofe the like quantities of the refpeCtive commodities, fo permitted to be removed, and not removed according to fuch permiflion, to be feized and taken by the officers for the faid refpeCtive duties, for his Majefty’s ufe, out of the like commodities then in the pofieffion of the perfon or perfons forfeiting the fame: pro-r No permit for vided always, that no perfon or perfons whatfoever fhal! de-mand, take or receive, any permit or permits from any officer him from or officers for the faid refpe&ive duties, for the removal of any.wbofcftock of the faid commodities from one place to another, without the commodities fpecial direction in writing, of the perfon or perfons, or the known fervant or fervants of the perfon or perfons, from or out 9 of whoTe (lock the faid commodities are to be removed, upon pain of forfeiting for every fuch, offence therein the fum of fifty Penalty sol. pounds, or, in default of tjie payment thereof, (hall fuffer ira- or prifonment for and during the /pace of three months, withoutme bail or mainprize.

XI.	And whereas by the ait, whereby the faid inland duties am toffee, tea and chocolate, are granted, feveral oaths and affirmations are appointed to be adminiflred to the fellers of and dealers in the faid commodities, relating to their trade therein, and the entries by them made with the officers for the fame duties, for better fecuring the fame; and whereas it hath been obferved, that in fame inflame,r, where fuch oaths and affirmations by the faid aft are to be taken and made by fuch fellers and dealers, yet many of them negltif or re* fufe to take the fame% in/ifling, that by the fatd ait no perfons are exprefly authorized to adminifler the fame unto them: for remedy Comraiffion-whereof, be it further enaCted and declared by the authority erg to appoint aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch* per-fon or perfons, as the commiffioners for the faid inland duties to for the time being, or the major part of them in that behalf erg in thefe * (hall appoint, from time to time, to adminifter the faid oaths commodities, and affirmations to the fellers and dealers, who do or (hall re-*

. fide within the weekly bills of mortality, and to and for the collectors and fupervifors of excife in all other parts of Great Britain, to adminifter the" faid oaths, and to tyke affirmations from the refpeCtive fellers and dealers in any of the faid commodities, within their refpeCtive collections and diftriCts.

XII.	Provided alwavs, and it is hereby enaCted and declared On officers' by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for complaint, the commiffioners of the (aid inland duties, or any two or more of them for the time being, within the refpeCtive jurifdiCtion fiimmon fu-of the faid commiffioners, or juftice or juftices of the peace, (peCted per. upon any officer or officers for the faid inland duties making wns'to pro-complaint upon oath, to fuch commiffioners, or juftice oren-juftices of the peace refpeCtively, that he or they do fufpeCt any try, on oath, jiealcrs in the laid commodities not to have made true and juft toGeo.i.c.io.

entries

$6f	Anno	undccimo Georgii I. 0.3a	[1714#

entries in the books, which he, (he, or they, are obliged, in purfuance of the faid ad, to keep for that purpofe, of fuch of the faid commodities, as he, (he, or they, from time to time, fell or deliver out or confume, in which oath (hall be fet forth the caufes of fuch fufpicion, to fummon fuch fufpeded perfon or perfons to appear before the faid commiflioners, or jufticeor juftices of the peace rcfpe&ively, with their refpeitive entry-books aforefaid, to the intent that fuch commiflioners, or juftice or juftices of the peace refpedively, may examine fuch fufpeS-ed perfon or perfons, or fuch as keep the faid book or bodes, upon his, her, or their oaths or affirmations, touching the truth of the entries made in their (aid books; and any fuch dealer in coffee, tea, or chocolate, who (hall negleft or refufe to make fuch oaths or affirmations, as are by the faid laft men* tioned a& required, and by this prefent a£t appointed to be adr miniftred, as aforefaid, being thereunto required by the refpec* Refuting fo to live perfon or perfons, who by this aft is and are authorised to do, forfeits	adminifter the fame, or (hall neglelt or refufe to attend fuch

*° 1-	fummons, as aforefaid, with his, her, or their refpe&ive entry-

books, and be examined upon oath, as aforefaid, touching tne truth of the entries made in their refpe&ive entry-books,, men, and in every fuch cafe or cafes, the perfon or perfons offending therein," or either of them, fhall, for each and every of fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fom of twenty pounds*

XIII.	And whereas m and hy the faid aft of parliament, whereby the faid inland duties on coffee, tea, and chocolate are granted, it it enafted, That if any perfon or perfons whatfoever Jbould at any time counterfeit or forge, or caufe to be counterfeited or forged, the mark, fiamp, impreffion, or device, which by the faid aft of parliament is direfted to be provided and made vfe of on the paper indofing each found of chocolate, in purfuance of that aft, or Jbould vend or fellfuck chocolate with fuch counterfeitmark, fiamp, impreffion, or device thereon, knowing the fame to be counterfeit, then every fetch perfon or perfons offending therein ^fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the Jim of five hundred pounds, and alfo Jbotdd be committed to the next county gaol, there to remain for the Jpace of twelve months without bail or mainprize: and whereas the commiffeoners for the faid inland duties, having, purfuatit to the faid aft, provided fuch marks, fiamps, impreffwns, and devices, for theJlamping and marking papers incUfing fuch chocolate \ and whereas fuch chocolate, as, purfuant to the faid aft, has been duly entred with toe proper (fitter, and for which the faid inland duties have been charged or paid% has, from time to time, been inclofed in fuch paper and papers, having on it and them the impreffion of fitch marks or fiamps jo provided, as aforefaid 5 and whereas, after fetch papers, having on them the impreffton of fetch marks or fiamps, have been taken from fuch chocolate, as has been fo duly eu+ tred, and for which the fata duties have been duly charged or paid, the fame paper or papers, having on it or them the impreffion of fuch mark or marks, (lamp or fiamps, have been fixed unto, placed upon, and made ufe of to inchfe other chocolate, whuh has not been duly eur tred, and for which the faid inland duties have not been duly sparged

1724-] Anno undcdmo Georgxi J. C.30.	*$9

or paid, whereby bis Majefty bas been and is as much and as effefttt* ally defrauded of and in bis faid inland duties on fuch chocolate, as if. the a ft or sin fuch fraud had counterfeited and forged a Jlamp or /lamps, mark or marks to refemble fuch marks or ftamps fo as aforifaid provided by the faid comtnijfiohers: for remedy whereof, be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That if and in cafe, from and after Fixing papers the faid twenty fourth day of June one thoufand (even hundred with theftamp and twenty five, any perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall, upon chocolate < any chocolate, which has not been duly entred with the proper	Jj**y*f9

officer, and for which the faid inland duties have not been duly £ooL penalty, charged or paid, fix or place fuch paper or papers, having on it and imprifoxw or them the impreffion of fuch mark or marks, (lamp or (lamp's, menu or (hall in fuch paper or papers inclofe fuch chocolate, as hath not been duly entred with the proper officer, and for which the . faid inland duties have not been duly charged or paid, with in* tent to defraud his Majedy of the faid inland duties, for and in refpedl of fuch chocolate, that then, and in every fuch cafe, every offender therein (hall be fubjedt and liable to the penalties and forfeitures, which by the faid adl, made in the tenth year of his faid Majedy’s reign, are fet and impofed upon perfons for counterfeiting or forging the damp or (lamps, mark or marks provided, or which (hall hereafter be provided by the commit-fioners for the (aid inland duties for the time being, and as if fuch offender or offenders had actually forged or counterfeited fuch (lamp or damps, mark or marks.

XIV.	And whereas it often happens, that after chocolate is made Damaged

up for foie, and duly ftamped, as the law direfts, it receives damage	J®,

by lying by, or otherwise becomes unfit for fait, be it enabled by the ** reftaniPc<1# authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful for the •

owner of fuch damped chocolate, in the prefence of an officer of excife for the divifion or place wherefuch chocolate (hall be, to open the faid chocolate fo made and damped, as aforefaid, and to deliver the (aid damps to the faid officer, and to wbrit the dime chocolate over again with frefh cocoa-nuts, and that fitch owner (hall be allowed to have the chocolate, redamped, paying the inland duty for fo much chocolate, as (hall be added and ufed in the new-working the fame, and no more.

XV.	Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority On reworking aforefaid. That all perfons whatever, who (hall work their cho- chocolate colate over again, (hall make proof before the commiffioners of PJJjg J^atthe the inland duties, or the major part of them, in cafe the lame duties have (hall be worked over again within the limits of the bills of mor- btsnpaid, &c, tality, or in cafe the fame (hall be worked over again out of the

(aid limits, before any two or ipore of his Majelty’s judices of the peace for the county, divifion, town or place, where fuch chocolate (hall be fo worked, that all and every of his Majedy’s duties for the cocoa-nuts, wherewith fuch chocolate was made, and for what cocoa-nuts (hall be added thereunto in the reworking thereof, have been duly and fully paid, and that all the (aid chocolate fo to be reworked and redamped had been duly entred with the proper officers appointed for that purpofe, and

upon



Concealing goods liable Co duties, forfeits the goods and treble value.

The value of goods forfeited to be taken at thebeft rate.

Prohibited or run goods offered to fale may be feized.

Where fuch feized goods lhall be lodg-

AnAo undecimo dEofcGii 1. c. 36.	[1724;

upon failure of fuch proof to be made, it (hall in ho wife be lawful to rework and redamp the fame.

XVI.	And for the more effectual difcovering and detecting the running of any goods, merchandizes, and commodities Whatfoever, which are either prohibited to be imported, or which are liable to any duty or duties of cuftoms and excife, and inland duty or duties, or to any or either of them, be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty five, any perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall knowingly harbour, keep, or conceal, or (hall knowingly permit or fuffer to be harboured, kept, or concealed fuch prohibited goods or run goods, wares, merchandizes, or commodities whatfoever, liable to any duty or duties of cuftoms, excife, and inland duties, or to any or either of them, the party or parties offending therein, whether he, (he, or they, have or have not, or do or do not claim or pretend to have any property or intereft in fuch goods, wares, merchandizes, or commodities fo harboured, kept or concealed, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and Iofe all fuch goods, wares, merchandizes, and commodities whatlb-ever fo harboured, kept, and concealed, and treble the value thereof.

XVII.	And it is hereby further ena&ed and declared by the authority aforefaid. That the Angle value and worth of fuch goods, wares, merchandizes, and commodities whatfoever fo forfeited, (hall, from time to time, be deemed and taken to be, according to and at the rate and rates, price and prices, as the bed goods, wares, merchandizes, and commodities of the like forts, kinds, and denominations do or (hall, at fuch refpedtive time or times, bear and fell for in London.

XVIII.	And for the better detefting and difcovering the felling or expoling to fale any goods, wares, merchandizes, or commodities, which are or (hall be prohibited, or which have been or hereafter (hall be run, or (hall be pretended fo to have been, or to be, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe, from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty five, any perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall offer or expofe to fale any goods, wares, merchandizes, or commodities whatfoever, which are or (hall be prohibited, or which a&ually have been, or (hall be, or (hall, by the party or parties fo offering or expofing the fame to fale, be pretended to have been run, all fuch goods, wares, merchandises, and other commodities whatfoever, together with the package whatfoever including and containing the fame, (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by the party or parties, to whom the fame (hall be fo offered or expofed to fale, or by any officer or'officers of cuftoms or excife; provided, that within the refpeltive times next after fuch feizure herein after mentioned, that is to fay. If fuch feizure (hall be made in any place or placs within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, then and in fuch cafe, within the fpace of twenty four

hours.

I724O Apno undecimo GeoRGIi L c.3o<	371

hours, and if fuch feizure (hall be made in any other place 0/ places out of the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, that then and in fuch cafe, within the fpace of forty eight hours next after fuch feizure, fuch goods, wares, merchandizes, and commodities fo feized, (hall, from time to time, be put into, and be placed, lodged, and fecured in manner herein after mentioned, that is to fay. If fuch goods, wares, merchandizes, and. commodities are prohibited, or liable unto, or chargeable with only dpties of cuftoms, or import duties, and are not liable unto, or chargeable with any excife, or inland duty or duties, that then the fame be put into, and be placed, lodged, and fecured in fome warehoufe or warehoufes belonging to his Majefty, under the care and management of Yome of the officers of his cuftom or import duties, near to the place where the fame (hall be feized; and in cafe fuch feizure be made at a place too remote from any fuch warehoufe, the fame (hall be lodged in fome excife-office near to the place of fuch feizure; but if (uch goods, wares, merchandizes, or other commodities be liable to any excife, or inland duty or duties, that then, and in fuch cafe, the fame, within the refpedtive times aforefaid, be put into, and be placed, lo.dged, and fecured in fome office or offices of excife, or For the faid inland duties, or other fafe place, under the cuftody of fome officer or officers of excife, or for the faid inland duties, near to the place where the fame (hall be fo feized, as aforefaid.

XIX.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,	to

That eveiy perfon and perfons whatfoever, fo offering or ex-

poling to lale fuch goods, wares, merchandizes, and commodi- fheg^9 and ties, as aforefaid, over and befides the forfeiting fuch goods, treble value, wares, merchandizes, and other commodities, (hall alfo forfeit and lofe the treble value thereof, to be eftimated in manner as aforefaid.

XX.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Prohibited That all and every the like prohibited or run goods, wares, and merchandizes whatfoever, fo, or as fuch, bought by any per- {hebuyer. fon or perfons whatfoever, together with the package containing

the fame, (hall in like manner be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized, and taken from fuch buyer or buyers thereof, either by the feller or fellers thereof, or by any officer or officers of cuftoms or excife; provided that within the like refpedtive times, as are herein before limited and appointed, of and concerning goods, wares, merchandizes, and commodities to be feized from the perfon or perfons expofing or offering thereof to fale, fuch goods, wares, merchandizes, and commodities fo to be feized from fuch buyer or buyers thereof, be placed, lodged, and fecured in the lijce places refpedtively, and in the like manner, and in the cuftody of the like perfons refpedtively, as is before directed and appointed, of and concerning goods, wares, merchandizes, and commodities, feized or to be feized from the perfon or perfons offering or expofing thereof to fale.

XXI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. Buyer alfo for-. That in every cafe, where any perfon or perfons whatfoever J^#trcbIoVa"'

(hall

cuted for the lame goods*

272	Anno	undecimo	GeoJLgii	I. c. 30.	[1724J

lhall buy any fuch prohibited or runjgoods, wares, merchandizes* or'fepmmodities whatfoever, or which, by the feller, at the time • of fdUing thereof, (hall be pretended fo to be either prohibited or run, he, (he, or they fo buying, over and befides the goods, warcs^ merchandizes, and commodities fo bought, as aforefaid* (hall alfo forfeit and lofe treble the value thereof, to be computed and eftimated in manner sis aforefaid: provided always. Both buyer and it is hereby declared. That it is not meant or intended by and feller not this aft, that as well the party or parties buying, as alfo the to be profe- party af parties felling, or offering or expoling to (ale fuch goods* wares, merchandizes, or commodities, as aforefaid, (hall, in any cafe or cafes, both and each of them refpeftively forfeit or bd profecuted for the treble value of one and the fame identical parcel or parcels of fuch goods, wares, merchandizes, or common dities, as aforefaid, but that the party or parties, whether buyer or feller of, or offering or expofing to fale fuch goods, wares, merchandizes, or commodities, who with effeft mall firft pro-fecute the other of the faid parties for fuch the treble value of fuch goods, wares, merchandizes, or commodities, (hall, in every fuch cafe and cafes, be and is hereby declared difchaiged and acquitted of and from the like forfeiting, or being £rofe-cuted for or on account of the treble value of every fuch refpec-tive parcel and parcels of goods, wares, and merchandizes, or commodities, for and on account whereof the other party or If profecution parties (hall be profecuted with effeft: provided always, that if, be not com - within one month next after making fuch feizure, as'aforefaid, F*00**"^ cither by the feller or buyer, or by the party or parties, to whom fiach ggoods9 wares.

warehoufe-keeper may profecute.

.	„	#	or	commodities	are	or	(hall

be offered or expofed to (ale, a profecution or profecutions is not commenced, and afterwards carried on for the adjudging and determining of and concerning the forfeiting or not forfeiting of fuch goods, wares, merchandizes, or commodities, by the party or parties, as (hall fo feize the fame, That then and in every fuch cafe and cafes, the warehoufe-keeper, or keeper of the office of excife or inland duties, or other perfon or perfons, in whofe cuftody fuch goods, wares, merchandizes, and other commodities (hall be lodged and fecured, (hall and may profe-cute for the forfeiture of mch goods, wares, merchandizes, and commodities, as, after having been fo lodged and fecured, as aforefaid, (hall not, within fuch month next after fuch feizure, be profecuted for by the party or parties who (hall have feized die fame.

XXJf. An I whereas before and at the time of the commencement of tie inland duties upon chocolate, granted by an act made in the loGeo.i'c.io. tenth year of his prefent Majejly's reign, intituled, -An aft for repealing certain duties therein mentioned, payable upon coffee, tea, cocoa-nuts, chocolate, and cocoa-pane imported, and for granting certain inland duties in lieu thereof, and for prohibiting the importation of chocolate, ready made, and cocoa-pafte,

*	and	for better afeertaining the duties payable upon coffee, tea,

: and cocoa-nuts imported, there were in his Majejifs wareheufeSy %	wider

1724*] AnnoundcclmoGeorgiiI. c.30.	273

under the can and cujlody of bis officers of cujloms* feveral quanti-ties of cocoa-pafte* and of chocolate imported ready made* which had beenfeized for having been imported and landed without making due entries and paying the duties thereof: and whereas feveral other quantities of cocoa-pafte and chocolate imported, and landed and feized*

Jince the commencement of the aforefaid afl, and contrary thereto* already are and hereafter may be in fuch or the like Warehoufes: and whereas one moiety of the appraifed value of fuch cocoa-pafte and imported chocolate* when condemned in his Majeftfs courts of exchequer, either at Weftminfter or in Scotland, or of the rate and price for which the fatne hath been or Jhall be bought at in his faid Majefly's faid courts refpeftively* doth and will belong to his Majejly, his heirs and fiucejfors, and the other moiety to the party or parties* who fsited or bath bought thefame* as aforefaid* but neither of the faid moieties tan be raifed unlefs the fame be fold and difpofed of* which cannot be done without being liable to be feized a fecond time* unlefs the fame be inclofed in paper, Jlamped or marked with the /lamp or mark already provided in purfuance of the aforefaid a£f: for remedy whereof, be it enafted and declared by the authority aforefaid, That, Cboco1ate,&c, as for and concerning fuch chocolate or cocoa- pafte, as in the wchoufed manner before mentioned, actually and really was in fuch ware- and bet houfe or warehoufes before the faid twenty fourth day of June one fore 14. July thoufand feven hundred and twenty four, in cafe the refpeftive 17*5* entred feizors or buyers thereof do or (hall refpeftively, on or before the twenty fourth day of July now next enfuing, enter the fame with 110(1 coUcttor# the refpeftive receiver or collcftor of the inland duties of the	-	.

place and places, where fuch refpeftive warehoufe or warehoufes lhall happen to be, and (hall give to fuch receiver or colleftor fatisfaftion, that fuch chocolate or cocoa-pafte was aftually and . really in fuch refpeftive warehoufe or warehoufes, on or before the laid twenty fourth day of June one thoufand (even hundred and twenty four. That then and in fuch cafe it (hall and may be He is to give a lawful to and for fuch receiver and colleftor, and he and they certificate of refpeftively are hereby authorized and required, gratis, to give quantity, to fuch proprietor or proprietors, under the hand of fuch receiver or colleftor, a certificate and certificates in writing, fpecifying and expreffing the refpeftive quantities of fuch chocolate or cocoa-pafte, and the time when, and the warehoufe or warehoufes from whence the fame is intended to be taken, to the intent, that by virtue of fuch certificate or certificates, the refpeftive leizors or buyers of fuch chocolate or cocoa-pafte may either that it may be carry the fame to the next office for the faid inland duties, there ftamped, &c.

. to be inclofed in papers, ftamped with the damp or mark, pursuant to the faid aft appointed, provided, and ufed for chocolate (lock in hand, which it is hereby declared, may, in fuch cafe,

, lawfully be done without fee or reward, or to have fuch choco-. JLatc or cocoa-pafte fo to be delivered out, to be made up into xhocolate, after the manner of making chocolate in Great Britain* and that after the fame (hall be fo made up, as aforefaid, that jiiea the fame (hall and may be inclofed in papers, ftamped with . (he like (lamp and nark, purfuant to the aforefaid aft, appoint-^V.ol. XV,	T	ed

Chocolate warehoufed fince 24 June 1724. entred with inland collector, and duty paid,

on certificate.

may be damp-ed.

Makers of candles, except compounders, ufing any melting-houfe. See. without a particular entry thereof, forfeit tool.

Anno undecimo Georgii I. C. 30.	[1724;

ed and provided, and ufed for chocolate (lock in hand, which it is hereby further declared, (hall and may, in fuch cafe, be likewife lawfully done, without fee or reward, and without being charged with, or paving the inland duty for fuch chocolate or cocoa-pafte fo to be aelivered out by virtue or means of fuch certificate or certificates, as aforefaid; and as for and concerning fuch other feized chocolate or cocoa-pafte, which fince the faid twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty four has been or hereafter fhall be brought into fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, as aforefaid, the feizors or buyers thereof refpeftively, upon his, her, or their entring the fame, with the receiver or colledor of the faid inland duties of the place and places, where fuch warehoufe or warehoufe (hall happen to be, and his, her, or their paving, or caufing to be paid, to fuch receiver or collector, the faia inland duties for the fame, at and after the rate of one (hilling and fix pence per pound, and fo proportionably for a greater or lefler quantity of luch chocolate and cocoa-pafte, fuch receiver or collector of the faid inland duties (hall and is hereby authorized and required, gratis, to give to fuch feizors or buyers a certificate or certificates in writing under his hand, (jpecifying and exprefling therein the quantity and quantities ot fuch chocolate and cocoa-pafte, and of the time when, and the refpe&ive warehoufe and warehoufes from whence fuch chocolate or cocoa-pafte is to be taken to the intent that the fame may be either inclofed in papers (lamped with the mark or (lamp, purfuant to the faid a£t appointed and provided to denote the charging and paying of the faid inland duties, either before or after the fame (nail again be made up into chocolate in the manner now ufed in Great Britain.

XXIII.	And whereas, for want of means to difeoverthe fraudulent making of candles, and of fufficient penalties to punijb the fame when difeovered, bis Majejly is much defrauded of and in bis duties upon candles* and the fair traders in candles are very much difeou-raged and injured in their refpeftive trades by the fraudulent and private makers, of candles: for remedy whereof, be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, if any chandler or maker of candles, otner than and befides compounders for the time being for the duties of candles by them refpe&ively made, or hereafter to be made, (hall, from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June in die year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty five, make ufe of any melting-houfe, work-houfe, ware-houfe, ftore-houfe, (hop, room or other place whatfoever, either for the making or keeping of candles, or for the melting or keeping of any wax, tallow or other materials proper to be made into candles, or of any copper, kettle, pot, turnace or other vdfcl or utenfil whatfoever, tor the melting of wax, tallow or other materials to be made into candles, or of any mould or moulds, or other utenfil whatfoever, for or in the making of monld-6	ctmdles»

1724-] Anno undedmo Georgii I. c. 30.	275

candles, or of other candles, without firft making or having made, with the proper officer or officers rcfpeltively appointed, or to be appointed for that purpofe, at the next office of excife, within the limits whereof eitherfuch melting-houfe,work-houfe, ware-houfe, ftore-houfe, (hop, room or other place, (hall be fi-tuate, or fuch copper, kettle, pot, furnace, mould or moulds, or other veflel or utenfil whatfoever, (hall be fo, as aforefaid, ufed, a true and particular entry or entries in writing thereof, and of every and each of them refpedtively, every fuch chandler and maker of candles, other than compounders for the duties on candles, (hall forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds for every fuch melting-houfe, work-houfe, ware-houfe, ftore-houfe, (hop, room or other place whatfoever, and for every fuch copper, kettle, pot, furnace, mould and moulds, or other veflel or utenfil whatfoever, fo made ufe of, without firft making or having made thereof refpedtively fuch entry and entries, as aforefaid.

XXIV.	And whereas, when excife-officerSy either early in the mornings or in evenings, repair and go to the houfeSy work-houfes and other places belonging to and made ufe of either by profeffed chandlers or makers of candles for faUy or by others who privately and clandeflinely make candles, (not being compounders) in order to fearcb fuch houfeSy work-houfes and other places^ in order to difeover the clandejline making of candles at fuch houfeSy work-houfes and other placeSy the perfons concerned in fuch fraudsy pretending Jitch time and times offuch coming of fuch officer or officers to be in the nighty and not in the day^ they the faid officers ought to 'have with them feme conftable or other officer of the peace: and whereas, by colour thereof and on other like pretenceSy the excife-officers are not admitted to enter into fuch houfeSy work-houfes and other places, but are debarred thcrefromy and kept out of fuch hoUfeSy work-houfes and other placeSy and thereby are prevented and kindredfrom dijeovering fuch frauds as then are there refpeftively carrying on: for remedy whereof, be it ena£ted by the authority aforefaid, That if from and after the Statute hoars ; faid twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and for excife-of-twenty five, upon demand and requeft made by any officer or to officers of excile, between the hours of five in the morning and con-** eleven in the evening, either with or without a conftable, or (table or with* other officer of the peace, or between the hours of eleven in the out. evening an4d five in the morning, with a conftable or other officer of the peace, the door and doors of fuch houfe, work-houfe or other place whatfoever, are not immediately opened, and if fuch officer or officers are not immediately admitted, and permitted to enter and go into any houfe, work-houfe or other

}>lace whatfoever, belonging to or made ufe of by either any iich profefled chandler or maker of candles for fale, or by fuch private makers of candles, not being compounders; and if fuch officer or officers, being fo entred into fuch houfe, work-houfe or other place or places whatfoever, all chcfts, trunks, boxes,	'I

drawers pr other like things, are not, upon the demand or re-

T 2	queft

47 6

Penalty for obftrutting officers, tool

If officer, on fearching an unentred houfe, kc. (hall find candles, See. it (hall be fiif ficient evidence to con« vi& the offender.

Penalty tool.

Anno undecifno Georgia I. c.$oi [1724-

queft of Tuch officer or officers immediately opened, or if, fuch officer or officers is not permitted quietly to fearch and examine * all fuch houfes, work-houfes or other places Whatfoever, and *lfo all chefts, trunks, boxes, drawers or other like thing or things there found, or if, by keeping fuch houfes, work-houfei or other places, or fuch chefts, trunks, boxes, drawers or other thing or things locked or otherwife faftned, or if, bv any other toys or means whatfoever, fuch officer or officers mall be obtruded from or hindred or molefted in fuch fearching and examining any fuch houfe, work-houfe or other place whatfoever, or fuch chelt, trunk, box, drawer or other like thing or things whatfoever, that then and in every fuch cafe and caies the offender therein (hall forfeit and lofe the furh of one hundred pounds,

XXV.	And whereas excife-ojfkers coming to fearch the unentred houfes, wort houfes and other places of private and clandefiine mak&s of candles for fale,• are by one means or other kept out of and not permitted to enter or go into fuch unentred houfes, work-houfcs or places, until either a flop is put to the work there going on, or until the candles there privately made or making are carried off, but upon fuch their fcarcbesdo find fuch other circumjlancesani things in fuch pofturt and condition, as fujjiciently demonjtrate that at fuch time and times Jiuh private making of candles was carrying on, or juft before had been there carried on; be it therefore enadted and declared by the authority aforefaid, That if from and after the faid twenty fourth day of june one thoufand feven hundred and twenty five, any excife-officer or officers, on his or their fearching any unentred houfe, work-houfe or place, (hall find candles, either made or making, or (hall find tallow or other materials for making - candles, melting or then melted, or cottons or ru(hes fpread for the making of candles, or any copper or other veflel or utenfil 1 for melting tallow to be made into candles, or any mould or other utenffi for the dipping or making candles, warm with tallow, or other materials for the making candles, remaining at the bottom or about the fides of fuch copper, mould or other veflel or utenfil as aforefaid, fuch finding in fuch unentred houfe, work-houfe or other place, fuch tallow or other materials for making candles, fo melting or melted, br fuch cottons or rufhes fo fpread, or any fuch copper, mould or other veflel or-utenfil warm with tallow, or other materials remaining at the bottom or about the fides of fuch copper, mould or other veflel or uten-fil as aforefaid, (hall be deemed to be and hereby is declared to be fufficient evidence to convilt every the offender or offenders, in every fuch cafe and cafes, of having at that time made ufe of fuch houfe, work-houfe or other place, or of fuch copper, mould or other veflel or utenfil, and to fubjedt and make him, her or them, where the fame, or any of the particulars before mentioned, fhall be found, liable to the aforefaid penalty and forfeiture of one hundred pounds, for having, at fuch time and times, made ufe of them, every or any of them, without having made fuch entry or entries thereof, a$ is before required, unleis 2	the

Anno undccjmo Gj^drgii J. c.^oi.	27^

the party or parties profecuted for the fame (hall give to the commimoners or juftices refpedlively, before whom fuch profe-cution (hall depend, or be depending, fuch fatisfadion therein, as (hall to them refpedtively appear to be fufficient to acquit him, her or them of and from the fame.

XXVI.	And whereas fuch privateand dandejlinemakets ifcandles for fait as aforefaid, do ajfutne to tbemftlvts, and art tatted by other than their true names, ana when difcovertd, to avoid being profecuted • for the fame, do withdraw and abfcond themfeives, that they may not ptrfonatty have notice of any projecution for the fame, or be Jerved with any fummons or procefs toanjwertbefame: for remedy whereof, be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after What (hall be the faid twenty fourth day of June one thoufand (even hundred jj,„J,nons to and twenty five, the leaving a fummons at the place or places perrons where fuch difcovery as aforefaid (hall be made, directed to the unenitred perfon or perfons who (hall be profecuted for making or having work-houfes. made, ufe of fuch unentred houfe, work-houfe or other placej

or of fuch unentred copper, mould or other veflel or utenfil a$ aforefaid, for making candles for fale, directed to fuch perfon or perfons by his, her or their right or a (Turned name or names,

(hall be deemed to be, and is hereby declared tpbe as legal and effectual notice and fummons, to all intents and purpofes, as if fuch notice or fummons was perfonally given or delivered to or into the hands of the party or parties for whom the fame (hall be defigned, and as if fuch notice or fummons was directed to the party or parties to and for whom the fame (hail be defigned, by his, her or their proper name or names.

XXVII.	And belt further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Making That if from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June one candles with-thoufand feven hundred and twenty five, any chandler or maker

of candles for fale (hall begin to work upon, dip or make'any forffitp jol. courfe or making of candles, not being mould candles, or, in order thereto, (hall make any of the preparations herein after mentioned, without firft making and aelivering, or caufing to be made and delivered, to the officer or officers under wno(e furvey fuch chandler or maker of candles for fale (hall be, a declaration in writing of his, her.or their intention to make fuch courfe or making of candles, and of the particular hour or time of the day or night when fuch courfe or making is intended to be begun, and of the true number of (licks of which fuch courfe or making is intended ..to confift, and of the fizes and true number of candles intended to be made on every and each dick intended to be made in and at fuch making or courfe, every fuch chandler and maker of candles for fale, on every failure or default in all or any .the particulars before-mentioned, or having in and at fuch making or courfe more (licks or more candles, or larger or bigger candles on any dick or dicks in or of fuch making or courfe, than (hall be mentioned in fuch declaration,

(hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds, and if, after fuch declaration fo made as aforefaid, fuch ionkipg or courfe of candles (hall not be begun and proceeded

T 3	upon

278	Anno	undecamo	Georqii	I. c. 30.	[1724:

upon at the hour and time or times mentioned in fuch declaration, or in three hours next after fuch hour and time, then every fuch declaration (hall be and is hereby declared to be null and void.

What (hall be XXVIII. And, for avoiding difputes of what (hall or (hall deemed to be not be deemed to be a beginning to work upon a making or * Q^inning t0 courfe of candles, be it further enacfled and declared by theau-cmirfe0ofa thority aforefaid, That lighting any fire under any copper, candies, kettle or other utenfil for the melting tallow or other materials for the making candles, or the finding in fuch copper, kettle 6t •	other utenfil, or in any mould or other utenfil for the dipping

of candles, tallow or other materials for the making of candles melted or melting, or cottons or rufhes fpread or fpreading, every or any of them (hall be deemed to be, and are hereby declared to oe, fuch a beginning to make and work upon fuen making of candles, as (hall make and caufe every fuch chandler . or maker of candles for fale, where the fame or any of them (hall be found, fubjed and liable to the aforefaid penalty and forfeiture, and the aforefaid fum of fifty pounds.

Candles not XXIX. And be it further ena&ed ana declared by the autho-entred, found rity aforefaid. That if from and after the faid twenty fourth day poiTcffionand	onc	^oufand feven hundred and twenty five, there (hall

of which* the be found in the cuftody or pofleflion of any chandler or maker officer has no of candles for fale, any candles not mentioned in any entry or account, fee. entries of candles made by fuch chandler or maker of candles for fale, and of which the officer or officers, under whofe fur-vey fuch chandler or maker of candles for fale fhall be, hath not had any declaration or account, and that the duties thereof have not been duly charged and paid, that then and in every fuch cafe every fuch chandler and maker of candles for fale, where fuch candles (hall be fo found, fhall be deemed to be and is hereby declared to be chargeable, and is hereby charged with, and fhall pay the duties ot fuch candles fo found; and in cafe he, (he or tney do not pay off and difeharge the faid duties, fhall be liable to the double duty of fuch candles; unlefs he, (he or they fhall prove that the duties thereof have been before paid by him, her or them, or that he, (he or they bought them of fome other chandler or maker of candles for fale, who, before fuch buying thereof, had paid or been duly charged with the duties thereof, and fhall alfo prove, that, by the fpace of fix hours next before the buying thereof, he, (he or they did give to the officer or officers, under whofe furvey he, (he or they (hall be, or at the next excife-office, notice in writing of his, her or their intention to buy fuch candles as (hall be fo found as aforefaid, and of whom they were or were intended to be bought.

XXX. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That if from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June one candles, or re- thoufand feven hundred and twenty five, any chandler or maker beT^re*wd^cand'es ^or	mix	or mingle candles which have not

ing?fec Ifor-* been duly weighed by the proper officer or officers of excife felts tool. with others which have been weighed, or (hall, from the place

or

Chandler to pay the duty, or liable to a

double duty, unlefs, fee.

Mixing

1724*] Anno underimo Georgii I. c. 30.

or places of his, her or their making of candles, fraudulently remove candles before they have been weighed by the furveying officer or officers, or (hall fraudulently hide or conceal any candles whatfoever, or materials for tne making of candles, with intent to deceive his Majefty of or in his duties upon candles, that then and in every fuch cafe refpedively every luch • chandler and maker of candles for fale (hall forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds.

XXXL And whereas by the ftatutes and laws relating to the du~ ties of excife* and to other duties under the receipt and management of

279

the refpeflive commijftoners of excife* either as commijftoners of excife* or as commijftoners of thofe refpeflive other duties* feveral and refpec-true particular affs and things authorized by the faid Jlatutes to be done by the officer or officers of excife* and of and for the faid other refpeflive duties* feme in the night-time* and others in the day-time, ere* by the faid Jlatutes, dire fled to be done in the prefence of a con-Jlable or other officer of the peace. but not without fuch pre fence of fuch conjlable or other officer of the peace: and whereas of late con-jlables and officers of the peace, upon reaueft duly made to them* have refufed and do refufe to go with fuch officers of andfor the faid duties* and to be prefent at the doing and performing fuch afl and afls* thing and things* at the doing and performtng whereof their prefence is abfelutely necejfafy* and for want whereof fuch afls have remained and do remain undone* whereby his Majefty's revenues ariftng by the faid duties are very much lejfened; for remedy whereof, be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That if from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty five, upon due requeft made by any officer or officers of excife On requeft of ’ or of the duties before-mentioned, or any of them, to any con- an officer to a liable, headborough, or other minifterial officer of the peace, to conftable, &c. go along with him or them, and to be prefent at the doing performing of any fuch ad or ads, thing or things, at the do- ftable, tu. re-mg and performing whereof the prefence of fuch conftable, fufing, forfeits headborough or other officer of the peace, by the ftatutes alrea- a0 *• dy made or hereafter to be made, is or (hall be neceflary, fuch conllable, headborough or other minifterial officer of the peace, fhall refufe and negled to go along with or to be prefent with . fuch officer or officers of and for the faid duties, or any of them, at the doing or performing fuch ads or ads, thing or things $ and if fuch conllable, headborough or other minillerial officer of the peace, after fuch requell, (hall not go along with fuch officer or officers, and (hall not be prefent at the doing fuch ad or ads, thing or things, at the doing and performing whereof the prefence of fuch conftable, headborough or other officer of the ]Seace, by the faid laws and ftatutes is or (hall be necefiary; that then ana in every fuch cafe fuch conftable, headborough or o-ther minifterial officer of the peace fo refilling, negleding and not going or being prefent, (hall, for every fuch offence, negled or not going or being prefent, forfeit and lofe the fum of twenty pounds.

XaXIL And whereas, notwithftanding the afl made in tie fixth 6 Geo-1. e.*H • T 4	year

286'	Annd undedmo GeorgIi I. c. 30J	[1724,

year of bis Majefty's reign, intituled. An aft for preventing frauds and abufes in the publick revenues of excife, cuftoms, ftamp-duties, poft-office and houfe-money, great difficulties have frequently arifen upon the trial of divers aflions, and other 'profecutions,

►	concerning his Majefty* s revenue, or for refifing or ohjlrufling the of

ficers thereof in the execution of their offices, by requiring ftrifl proof of the commiffions, deputations or other authorities offueh officers \ for remedy thereof, be it further enaCfced by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the twenty fourth day of June in the year of our Lord one thouland feven hundred and twenty five, if. If on trial of upon the trial of any information, aCtion or fuit whatfoever, re* an informs- latingto his Majefty’s cuftoms or excife, or the duties upon fait, tion relating or t0 any 0thcr duties whatfoever, or to any feizure or leisures, excife^c?ra8* Penalty or penalties, forfeiture or forfeitures, touching or con-any queftion cerning the faid duties or any of them, or the collection there* ariie whether of; or if upon the trial of any indictment, aCtion, fuit or pro-ll*e flrfon b* fecution whatfoever, againft any perfon or perfons for any thing the°duties°	done by virtue or in purfuance of any aft or aCts of parliament

9	relating to the faid duties, or any of them ; or if upon the trial

of any information or indictment for afiaulting, refilling or ob* ftruCtine any officer or officers of the cuftoms, excife or duties upon fait, or other duties due and payable to his Majefty, in the execution of his or their refpeCtive office or offices, or for refeuing any goods or merchandizes feized or to be feized by 2-ny fuch officer or officers; any queftion (hall arife, whether any perfon be an officer of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflbrs, of or Proof &all be for any of the faid duties: in every of the faid cafes, proof (hall admitted that and may be made and admitted, that fuch perfon was reputed be was reput- to be, and had aCted in, and in faCt exercifed fuch office, and ed tobe Jiich at the refpeCtive time and times, when the matter or matters in outproducing controverfy upon fuch trial or trials (hall happen to have been the commif- * done or committed, or omitted to have been done or perform* fion, fee. ed, without producing or proving the particular commiffion^ de* putation or other authority, whereby fuch officer was conftitut* ed and appointed, and that in every fuch cafe foch proof (hall be deemed and taken by the judges or juftices before whom any fuch trial (hall be had, to be good and legal evidence, unlefs by other evidence the contrary (hall be made to appear $ any law or ufage to the contrary hereof notwithftanding.

XXXIII.	And whereas, by the unfair and fraudulent praflices of feme makers of fope, not only bis Mayfly's revenue, arifing by and from the duttes on fope, is very much leffined, but other makers of fope, and fair traders therein, are thereby very much difeouraged and injured; for remedy whereof, be it cnaCted by the authority a-forefaid. That from and after the faid twenty-fourth day of June 6ope-maker$ One thou fa nd feven hundred and twenty five, every maker and to give notice makers of fope refpeCtively, before he, (he or they doth, do 0i ox the time of (hall begin to make or work upon any making 01 fope of any making iope: ^rt or whatfoever, (hall give to the officer of the divifiou or place where fuch fope is intended to be made, notice in writing of the particular time and hour when and at which fuch

1724*] Anno undedr*6 Georg 111, c.fo.	affr

making is intended to be begun, as herein after is mentioned,

(that is to fay) if fuch making is intended to be in or at any* place or places within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality. If within the then and in fuch cafe fuch notice (hall be by the fpace of twelve weekly bills, hours next before the beginning of every nich making, and if fore^ridnai fuch making is intended to be in or at any other place or places	g

out of the limits of the faid weekly bills, then and in fuch' cafe fuch* notice (hall be by the fpace or twenty four hours next be- otherwife *4 fore the beginning of every fuch making, on pain of forfeiting hours* and -lofing the fum of fifty pounds, at every time and times,	•

when any making of fope (hall be begun to be made or wrought	*

upon, without firft giving fuch notice as aforefaid,

XXXIV.	And be it further enabled and declared by the au* wb*t (hall be thority aforefaid. That the putting lees or lye into the copper, deemed a be. pan or other utenfil whatfoever, uiually and commonly ufed by ginning to fuch maker of fope for the making of fope, (hall be deemed to work#

be and is hereby declared to be a beginning to work upon and make fuch making of fope, and (hall fubjeft the maker of fope, where the fame (hall be found and difcovered, to the penalty and forfeiture before-mentioned.

XXXV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Notice void if That if fuch intended making of fope, whereof fuch hotice (hall maldng do have been given, fhall not be begun to be worked upon, and *0

be actually making within the times herein after mentioned, jn ^ (that is to fay) if within the limits of the faid weekly bills, then weekly bills, and in fuch cafe within the fpace of fix hours, and if in any o-or 1* hours ther place or places out of the limits of the faid weekly bills, then cl*ewherc-and in fuch cafe within the fpace of twelve hours next after the particular time or hour mentioned and exprefled in foch notice or notices refpe&ively, then and in every foch cafe and cafes, fuch notice and notices refpedlively (hall be null, void and of no effedt; and every maker whatfoever of fope, who, after the ex- Penalty 6n

!>iration of the faid times, (hall begin to make or work upon fnaker work-iich making of fope, without having firft given a new or other like notice as aforefaid, of his, her or their intention to make or work upon fuch making, fhall, in every fuch cafe, incur and be fubiedl unto the like penalty and forfeiture, as if he, (he or they had not thereof given any notice at all.

XXXVI.	Ana whereas by an a£l made in the tenth year ef r^e10 Ann. c.19. reign of her late Majefty %ueen Anne, intituled, An a<5 for faying feveral duties upon all fope and paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame; and upon chequered and ftriped linens imported, and upon certain filks, callicoes, linens and fluffs printed, painted or ftained; and upon feveral kinds of flampt vellum, parchment and paper; and upon certain printed papers,

Ohlets and advertifements ; for railing the fum of eighteen red thoufand pounds by way of a lottery, towards her Ma*-jefty’s fupply; and for licenfing an additional number of hackney chairs; and for charging certain (locks of cards and dice ; and for the better fecuring her Majefty’s duties to arife in the office for the damp-duties by licences for marriages and other-

wife)

tSz	Anno	undecimo Georgii I. c.30.'	[1724!

wife; and for relief of perfons who have not claimed their lottery-tickets in due time, or have loft exchequer-bills or lottery-tickets ; and for borrowing money upon ftock (part of the capital of the South-Sea company, for the ufe of the publick,) it is amongjl other things provided and enabled, That in cafe flak or rotten fope, or cuttings of fope, be put into a copper or pan, in the prefence of an officer for the faid duties, in order to be refrejhed or made new, Jucb officer /ball from time to time make an allowance of the duty of the flak or rotten fope orcuttingsjo put in, and certify every fuch allowance upon bis report to be returned to the head office in the find afl mentioned.

XXXVII.	And whereas, under colour and pretence of making fuch allowances, purfuant to the aforefaidflaufe, and by combinations and confederacies between fraudulent makers of fope and corrupted officers of and for the faid duties, who by bribes have been prevailed upon, in fuch their reports of the makings of fope, fometimes to certify great quantities of flak or rotten fope, or of cuttings of fope, put into fuch makings of /ope, when in faft and in truth no Jucb flak or rotten fope, or cuttings of fope, have really and in faft been put intq fuch makings of fope; and at other times, when Jmall quantities of Jiale or rotten jope, or of cuttings of fope, have been put into fuch makings of fope, jucb officers have been by the means aforefaid prevailed upon to certify, in fuch his and their report and reports, quantities of fuch flak or rotten fope, or cuttings of fope, much greater and far exceeding the quantity or quantities which at fuch time and times really and in fall have been and were put into fuch refpeftive makings of fope, whereby his Majejiy has been greatly defrauded of and in his duties on fope; for preventing whereof for the future. Stale or rotten be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That if any ftale or rot-fope put into ten fope, or any cuttings of fope, in order to the refreshing *f	thereof, (hall, from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June

out due no-* onc thoufand feven hundred and twenty five, be put into any tice to the of- making or makings of fope, unlefs of tne intention and defign-ficer, no al- ing fo to put fuch ftale or rotten fope or cuttings of fope there lowance to be (hall be or (hall have been given to the officer of the divifion or »a e on . pjaCg where fuch putting in is intended to be, fuch notice in writing as herein after is mentioned, (that is to fay) if fuch putting in is to be within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, then and in fuch cafe, by the fpace of twelve hours next before the refpe&ively time and times of fuch putting in fuch ftale or rotten fope or cuttings of fope, but if in any other place or places out of the limits of the faid weekly bills, tnen and in fuch cafe, by the fpace of twenty four hours next before the refpe&ive time and times of fuch putting in fuch ftale or rotten fope or cuttings of fope, that in every fuch cafe and cafes whatfoever, where fuch putting in (hall be, or (hall have been without fuch notice, the officer (hall not certify fuch putting in, or any allowance for or in refpedt thereof; nor (hall the maker or makers of fope, in any fuch cafe or cafes, have or be entitled to have any allowance or allowances whatfoever, for or in refpeltof fuch putting in fuch ftale or rotten fope, or of fuch cuttings of fope;

any

17*4-3 Anno undecimo Georgii I. C. 30.	283

any law or ftatute to the-contrary thereof in any wife notwith-

{landing.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority afore- Officers pre-faid, That if, from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June

one thoufand feven hundred and twenty five, any officer or of- notice^and^ ficers of excife, or for the faid duties on fope, (hall falfly pretend making al-that he or they hath or have had due notice in writing of fuch lowance, &c. putting in of luch dale or rotten fope or of fuch cuttings of fope, £orfcit 10 8* in any cafe and cafes where and in which he or they really and in faft (hall not have had fuch due notice in writing, and (hall ^	*

make fuch allowance and allowances as aforefaid, and (hall falfly certify the fame, every fuch officer and officers, for every pound-weight of fuch dale or rotten fope or cuttings of fope, fo falfly allowed or certified as aforefaid, (hall forfeit and lofe the fum of ten (hillings; and every fuch maker and makers of fope, and alf-0 ^ who (hall demand, claim; have or take any benefit or advantage maker, for or in refpeft of any fuch allowance, fo falfly made or certified by fuch officer or officers, in every fuch cale and cafes, (hall forfeit and lofe the fum of ten (hillings for every pound-weight of fuch dale or rotten fope or cuttings of fope, as (nail be claimed, demanded, had or taken by fuch maker or makers of fope^ for and in refpedt of fuch allowance, fo falfly made or certified by fuch officer or officers.

XXXIX.	And it is hereby further enabled by. the authority How thefepe. aforefaid. That all fines, penalties and forfeitures by this adt be- naltiesihalibe fore impofed, of and concerning the firing for, recovering and

dividing whereof other directions are not herein given, (hall be dunded* fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by fuch ways, means and methods, as any fine, penalty or forfeiture is or may be fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any law or laws relating to his Majefty’s revenues of excife, or any of them, or by action of debt, bill, plaint or information in any of his Majeffy’s courts of record at JVeJlmtnJkr for or on account of any thing done or omitted to be done contrary to this adt in the part and parts of Great Britain called England, Waksy or town of Berwick upon Tweed, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland, for or on account of any thing done or omitted to be done contrary to this adt in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and that one moiety of every fuch fine, penalty and forfeiture (hall be to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, and the other moiety thereof to him or them that (hall fue or inform for the fame.

XL. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. Attempting That if and in cafe any perfon or perfons whatfoever, liable to to corrupt the the faid duties on fope, or to the duties of excife, or to any o- officers of ex-ther duty or duties whatfoever, under the management of thec,fc»1^or^tf refpedlive commiflioners of excife, either as commiflioners of500 * excife, or as commiflioners of fuch other duty or duties, or to any of them, in order to corrupt, perfuade or prevail upon any officer or officers of or for the duties due or payable for and in refpedt of the goods, wares or conunodities before-mentioned.

28+	Anno	updccim® Gkorgii I. c.30.	[1724;

or of any or either of them refpedively, either, to do or perform any aft or ads, thing or things whatfoever, contrary to the duty of fuch officer or officers, or to negled or omit to do or perform any ad or ads, thing or things whatfoever, belonging or appertaining to the bufinefs and duty of fuch officer and officer?, or to connive at or conceal any fraud or frauds relating to the faid duties, or any of them, or not to difcover the fame, (ball from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty five give or oner to give or fccure to any fuch officer or officers, any bribe, gratuity, or other reward whatfoever, that then and in every fuch cafe and cafes the offender and offenders therein refpedively lhall, for every fuch of? fence, forfeit and lofe the fum of five hundred pounds, which fhall and may be fued for, levied, recovered and mitigated by fuch ways, means and methods, as any penalty or forfeiture if or may be fued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated by any |aw or laws of excife, or by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at tfffflminfter, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland; and that one moiety thereof (hall be to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, and the o-ther moiety thereof to the poor of fuch parifh or place where fuch offence (hall happen to be committed.

Recital of the XLI. And whereas by an a£i made and paffed in tbt fifth year if aft j t. bis prefent Majeflfs reign, intituled, An ad for recovering the e. it. relating credit of the Britijh filhery in foreign parts, and for better fern the Britilh curing the duties on fait, it is amongft ether things ensiled. That *“***• at the end tf every fi/hing feafon the officer fur the duty on fait JboB take a particular account of the quantities of foreign and Britifh fait refpeftiveby remaining in hand, which remaning fait fhall be immediately locked up in the joint cujlody of the officer and proprietor or proprietors, his or their agent or agents, and the faid proprietor or proprietors, his or their agent or agents of the faid fait, vfing the find fait, flab as foon as pcjfible after the end of every fifling feafon, deliver mi account in writing into the faid effite far the fata duty on jab, containing the quantity tf fifl exported and entred, or flapped to be exported, on which the fau taken away after its delivery into tbt fide cuftoiy of the faid proprietor or proprietors, his or their agent or a-gents, has been uftd or confumed, together with a certificate or ttrti-/bates, by the proper officers of the Jeveral ports, where the faid fifb were flipped for exportation, verifying the Jaid account, which certificates the faid officers are thereby direiled to give gratis; which Jaid account delivered into the faid office as aforefaid, Jhau be affirmed by the oath of the feud proprietor or proprietors u/ing the faid fab as aforefaid, or his or their agent or agents, who have ufed the fame, and flab remain in the faid office, to the end that the quantity of fifl cured for exportation, and the quantity of fait ufed in curing the find fifl, may from time to time appear upon oath, and be compared together; and tn cafe any of the faid fait flab be delivered over to any other ferfons, and ufed by them in euring of fifl, the feveral quantities of Jalt Jb delivered over flab he expreffed tn the faid account, and each ptrjoti to whom fmh fait flab be fi delivered, or Ins agent, £all

1724*] Anno undedmo Gforgii I. c.30.	285

likewife upon oath make another account of the particular quantity of fuch Jalt ufed by each of them in the curing of fi/h fo exported or /hipped for exportation as aforefaid, which faid account, together with proper certificates as aforefaid, /hall likewife be tranfmixted into the office aforefaid, there to remain for the purpofes above-mentioned', but if fuch proprietor or proprietors, bis or their agent or agents, or any other perfon or perfons, to whom any quantity of fait /hould be by them delivered over as aforefaid, /hould for the fpace of fix months after the end of evtry refpehive fifidng feafon, negleft or refufe to deliver jvtb account attefted upon oath as aforefaid, fuch proprietor or proprietors, and fuch other perfon or perfons as aforefaid, /hould for every fueb offence forfeit forty pounds: and whereas Jtnce the making of the find aft, feveral frauds and ahufes, and many imonveniencies have hem difcovered, whereby his Majefifs revenue, arifmg out of the faid fait, has been very much leffened, and the attain quantity of fait ufed in the curing of fi/h not any ways afcertatned, they the faid proprietors, at their pleafure, during the fi/hing feafon, convert and difpofe of, for their own private advantage, but in a fetret manner, great quantities of fait to perfons unknown, who fell the fame, without paying any duty for the fame, or giving any account thereof, as by the faid aft is required, by which means the fair trader alfo is underfold 1 now for preventing for the future any frauds, imbezilments or misapplications of any fait, whether Briti/h or foreign, and for avoiding all difputes and controverlies that may hereafter happen or arife between the owners of falt-works, proprietors of fait for curing of fi(h, and the officers for the duty on fait, be it proprietors further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after dcliveringover the twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and any fait to any twenty five, if any proprietor or proprietors of fait, his or their agent or agents, mall deliver over to any perfon or perfons any 0ffi<£r!tomike quantity o? fait, which he (hall have received from the proper appear that it officer or officers as aforefaid, fuch proprietor or proprietors, his was ufed m or their agent or agents fhall, by oath or otherwifc, make it ap- cunn£ pear to the fatisfadtion of the proper officer or officers, that fuch fait fo parted with, or delivered over to any perfon or perfons as aforefaid, was by him or them ufed in curing of fifh according to the intent and meaning of the faid adt; and in default thereof, every proprietor or proprietors, his or their agent or agents,

(hall be adjudged guilty of embezilment and mifapplication of

fuch fait, and mall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of fifty Forfeiture 50!.

pounds fterling.

XLII. And whereas by the faid recited aft it is further enafted, 5 Geo, 1. c.if. That the prefent allowances given by the laws relating to the duties m fait, upon tie exportation of fijh cured with foreign fait, /hould be no longer paid upon fi/h exported, from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and* nineteen, but that the curers of fi/h, from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June One thoufand feven hundred and nineteen, /hould and might cure their fi/b with Britifh or foreign fait, without paying any duty for the fame, except the cuftoms payable upon the importation of foreign fait, and he entitled to have and receive upon the exportation thereof fuch and no

ether

286	Anno	undecimo	Georgii L C. 30.'	£1724.

ether allowances,, /A01 rfrr therein mentioned and appointed: and whereas the time limited by the faid aft for the exportation of fijb cured with foreign fait, Jo as to be entitled to the allowances then given, was too Jbort, in, refpeft that being the prime feafon of the Jalmon-fifhing, confiderable quantities of falmon and codfifb were tbeh in the hands of Jeveral curers of fijb in that part of Great Britain • called Scotland, which they were under a necejjity to cure with foreign fait) the duties whereof were either paid or fecured to be pend: and whereas it may be juft and reafonable, that the curers and proprietors of all fuch fijb, aftually and really in band on the faid twenty fourth day of June one tboufandJeven hundred and nineteen, legally and duly cured with foreign Jolt, according to the feveral afts of parliament in that behalf \ the duties of which fait were either paid or fecured to be paid,, Jbould be paid the fame allowances, and in the fame manner, as if exported on or before the faid twenty fourth day of June one tboufand feven hundred and nineteen, be it enacted and declared by the authority aforefaid. That the barons of bisMa-jefty’s court of exchequer in Scotland, upon receiving a fatisfac-Relief for fo- tory proof of what quantities of falmon and codfifli were adual-reign fait ufed ly and really in hand on the faid twenty fourth dav of June one mon^^cod- tboufand. feven hundred and nineteen, duly curea with foreign fi(h in Scotland	and legally exported, the duties whereof have been either

in 1719. and paid or are fecured to be paid, (hall and may order and diredthe legally export-: proper officers to make out debentures to the proprietors or curers c“‘	of fuch filh, certifying the allowances for the mh contained in

fuch debentures to be the fame as were payable before the faid twenty fourth day of June one tboufand feven hundred and nineteen, and to be paid m the fame manner.

6	Geo. 1. c. 18. XLIII. And whereas by an aft pajfcd in the fixth year of his Ma-jeflys reign, intituled, An ad for the better fecuring certain powers and privileges intended to be granted by his Majefty by two charters for aflurance of (hips and merchandizes at fea, and for lending money on bottomry; and for retraining feveral extravagant and unwarrantable pradices therein mentioned, his Ma-jefty was enabled to ere ft two dijlinft corporations for ajfurance of flaps, goods and merchandizes at fea, or going to fea, and for ether purpofes therein mentioned: and whereas his Majefty hath hem gra-cioufiy pleafed, purfuant to the faid aft, to ere ft two dijlinft corporations for the purpofes aforefaid, one by the name and title of The Royal Exchange aiTurance, and the other by the name ana title of The London aflurance; and whereas the find corporations, in pur-fuance of the faid aft, and the ends and purpofes for which they were fo incorporated, have, from time to time, as occafion hath required, entred into and executed great numbers ofpolicies of ajfurance for the ajfuring of Jhips and goods and merchandizes, at Jea or going to fea, andftill continue fo to do*, but by reafon of their being bodies corporate, fuch policies of ajfurance could not be entred into by their fub-feribing of the fame, as is the conftant ufage for private infurers to do, but 1 he refpeftive common feals of the Jaid corporations are fet to fuch policies of ajfurance, and by means thereof, the manner of proceeding and pleadings in any fuit or aftion to be commenced upon fuch po-

kf

1724.] Anho iMdeciirlo GeorgiI L 0*30,	287

licy of ajfurance under the refpeflive common foals of the faid corporations are different from the proceedings and pleadings in actions and fuits commenced upon policies of ajfurance entred into by private infur-ersy or perfoni riot incorporated in manner as aforefaid \ and by reafon of the nccejfity of pleading fpecially in Juch cafes, the whole merit of the cafe in quejlion cannot oftentimes come into confederation, and toe jury, by the rules of law, are often obliged to find a verdiU for the whole J'um of money ajfuredy though it be never Jo apparent, that in jufeice only a fmall part thereof is due to the ajjured by feuch policies of ajfurance; and the faid corporations are thereby forced to feek relief in courts of equity, when the matter in quejlion might be as well determined at once by a jury, as it is done in the cafe of private infur-ers, or perfons not incorporated; for remedy whereof, be it erupted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty The infuranee fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty five, companies on all actions of debt to be fued or commenced againft either of may the faid corporations, upon any policies of afiiirance under the common feal of fuch corporation for the alluring of any (hip or brought a-(hips, goods or merchandizes at fea or going to fea, it (hall or grim them, maybe lawful to and for the faid refpedtive corporations, in fuch adhon or fuit, to plead generally, that they owe nothing to the plaintiff or plaintiffs in fuch fuit or adtion; and that in all actions of covenant, which (hall be fued or commenced againft either of the faid corporations upon any fuch policy of aflurance under the common feal of luch corporation for the alluring; any (hip or (hips, goods or merchandizes, at fea or going to (ea, it fhall and may be lawful for the faid refpedtive corporations, in fuch action or fuit, to plead generally, that they have not broke the covenant in fuch policy contained, or any of them, and if thereupon ifiue (hall be joined, it (hall and may be lawful for the jury, if they (hall fee caufe, upon the trial of luch iffue, to find a verdidt for the plaintiff or plaintiffs in fuch fuit or adtion, and to give fo much or fuch part only of the fum demanded, if it be an adtion of debt, or fo much in damage, if it be an adtion of covenant, as it (hall appear to them upon the evidence given upon fuch trial, fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs ought in juftice to have, or is or are entitled unto; any law or cuftom to the con-trary notwithftanding.

XLIV. And whereas feveral perfons have of late endeavoured to evade the payment of tbejlamp-duties on policies of ajfurance or in-furance, by giving prmijfory notes inftead of policies for the infuring goods, Jhips or merchandizes at fea, by which notes the infurer notifies or exprejfes the terms on which he would infure, to the great detriment and lofs of his Majejly's revenue, be it therefore enadted by the au-	xobe

thority aforefaid. That when any veflel, goods or merchandiz-	0n

es (hall be infured, a policy duly (lamped (hall be iflued, or at forf'emue of lead made out within the fpace of three days at furtheft, and 1001. the infurer or infurers negledting to make out fuch a policy or

Eolicies within the time aforefaid, (hall forfeit the fum of one undred pounds for every fucti offence, to be fued for and reco-vered, and divided in the lame way and manner, as other penalties

ft$8	Anno	duodecimo	GsoRQil	L-	c.	i,4.	[1735,

tics and -forfeitures may be fued for, recovered and divided by Promiflory the laws relating to the ftainp-duties; -and all proariflbry notes note* for m- for afliirances or infurances of (hips, goods or merchandizes, furancM void, at fca 'or going to fea, are hereby declared void, and nothing fhall be recovered thereon by the infured.

AnnoRegni GEORG!! I. Regis Magna Britannia, Francice& Hibernia, duodecimo.

AT the parliament begun and bolden at Wcftminfter, themntb dag ef O&ober, Anno Domini one thou-•fend /even hundred and'twenty two, in the ninth year of tie •reign ef our fovereign lord GF^ORGE, by the Grate of 'God, c/Great Britain, France Ireland, King, defender .of the faith, &c. And from thence continued by fevered prorogations to.the twentieth day of January one tboufand •/even hundred and twenty five j being the fourth feffion if «this prefent parliament.

CAP. I.

. An a& for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land-tax to be railed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred twenty fix. EXP. a/. in tbi Poiuut.

Surplus anting hereby how appropriated, n Geo* i„ c. ix. fe£t if.

CAR II.

An afl far granting to bis Majejly the fum of one million, to be raifed by way of a lottery.

7Ge0t.ibt.te IVAfOST gracious Sovereign, JVhereas by an ait of parliament c. 27. relating JLVA made and poffid in the Jeventh year ofyourMajeJtys reign, to dedudions intituled. An adt for railing a fum not exceeding five hundred of 6d. per -thoufand pounds, by charging annuities at the rate of five pounds dvlTlift!>n ” Per centum Per otntum, upon the civil lift revenues, till redeemed by the crown, and Ibr enabling his Majefty, his heirs or fiic-ceflors (by caufing fuch a deduction to be made, as therein is mentioned) to make good to the civil lift the payments which (hall have been made upon the faid annuities; and for borrowing money upon certain lottery-tickets; and for difehargiag the corporation tor afTurances, of part of the money they wartiO-bliged to pay to his Majefty'; and for making good a deficiency to the Eqft India company, it was (amongjl many otber.matters am things) enalted, That to the end your Majejly, your .heirs and Jbc-ccjfirs, might be enabled to reimburfe fuch fum and films of money* as in pur finance of the faid alt Jhould be ififiued out of the dtrii iff revenues, for or toxvards payment of the annuities charged by the Jpd alt, it Jhould and might be lawful for your Majefty, your bdrsxX fuccejfors, to caufe a deduttiou to be made, not exceeding fix fence »

the

i7*5*l Anno duodecimo GeorgiI I. c.i.

the pound, cut of all monies, which from and after the firjl day of Auguft one tboufani jeven hundred and twenty one Jhould be paid for or upon all penfons and annuities charged upon any of thefaid heredi-tary and temporary duties, andfor and upon all falaries, fees and wages, payable for or in refpeCt of offices of profit, granted by or derived from the crown,and for and upon all other payments from the crown what foe-tter, or for or upon any arrearages of them, or any of them incurred or to be incurred (the pay ofcommijjion and non-corrtmi(fion officers and private men,ferving in the navy or army, only and always excepted) the fame deductions to be made for the ufe of your Majefiy% your heirs and Juccef-fors, for the benefit of your or their civil government, fo long as the faii annuities Jhould, by virtue of the faid aft, be payable out of the reve~ nues charged therewith as aforefaid, and until the fame annuities Jhould be redeemed, purfuant to the faid aft, as by the faid aft relation being thereunto had, more fully and at large it doth and may appear: and whereas by virtue and in purfuance of another aft of A .	-

parliament made and pajfed in the eleventh year of your Majefty s ^Geo.i.c^ir. reign, intituled. An adt for redeeming the annuities of twenty concerning five thoufand pounds per annum, charged on the civil lift reve- exchequer-nues by an adt of the feventh year of his Majefty’s reign; and bill*charged for difeharging the debts and arrears due from his Majefty to his thcrcon* fervants, tradefmen, and others, a number of new exchequer-bills, not exceeding in the whole the fum of onMnillion of pounds fterling, were made forth, and the principal, inter eft, Praemium, or rate to grow due thereon, were charged and chargeable upon the monies artfen cr to arife by or from the Jaid deductions, and alfo upon fuch monies, as at any time or times, from and after^ the making forth fuch ex-chequer- bills, Jhould be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, a-rtjen or to arife from all or any the duties, revenues or branches grants td to your Majefty for the Jupport of your houjhold, and the honour and dignity of the crown, as well thofe which are hereditary, as thofi which are granted during your Majeftfs life; and from and after your Majefty's demife, then upon all fuch monies as from thenceforth Jball grow due and come into the receipt of the exchequer from the hereditary revenues, duties and branches therein mentioned, except as therein is excepted and provided; and the fum of five hundred thou-fand pounds, part of the faid fum not exceeding one million, in exchequer-bills, was ijfued and applied for the redemption of the faid annuity of twenty five thoufand pounds per annum; and the remaining Jive hundred thoufand pounds in exchequerJbills was ijfued towards fatisfying the debts and arrears, and other ufes of your Majefty's civil government, as in and by the faid laft mentioned aft was directed and appointed: now the publick fervice requiring that the exchequer-bills remaining uncancelled and unaifcharged, which were ijfued by virtue of the faid aft, and which do amount to the principal fum of nine bun-dred and ninety thoufand pounds Jhould, without delay, be cancelled and difeharged, we your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjedts, faidde-the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, do moft du&ions con-humbly pray your Majefty, that it may be enadted; and be it timied* enadted by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and com-Vox-, XV.	U	mons.

Anno duodecimo Georgii I. c.2.

£1725.

xnons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it fliall and may be lawful to and for his Ma-jefty, his heirs and fucceflors, to continue the faid deductions of iixpence in the pound for the purpofes in this a£t mentioned, in the fame manner, and as the faid deductions have been made and raifed by virtue of the faid a<5t pafled in the feventh 7Geo.illat i*year °f Majefty’s reign, fubjeCt neverthelefs to the favings c. 27.	and exceptions in the faid a£t mentioned.

II. And to the end a fum of money may be raifed by way of a lottery for and towards difcharging and cancelling the faid exchequer-bills remaining uncancelled, and other publick fervices;

1 tofcgbe it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That yearly thc°yearly° ** anc* every ycar» from and after the twenty fourth day of June fund at three one thoufand feven hundred and twenty fix, the full fum of per centum, thirty thoufand pounds by and out of the monies, Which from and after the faid feaft-day (hall arife and be paid into the receipt of the exchequer of or for the faid deductions of fix pence in the pound, (hall be, and the fame yearly fum of thirty thoufand pounds is by this a£t declared and enaCted to be a particular fund and fecurity for anfwering and paying all and every the annuities or yearly payments, after the rate of three pounas per eentum per annum, to the contributors in the lottery herein after-mentioned , their executors, adminiftrators and afiigns, in the manner hereafter in this aCt exprefled, until the redemption thereof according to the provifo hereafter in this aCt contained in that behalf$ and that the faid yearly fum of thirty thoufand pounds, or fo much thereof as (hall be fufficient to fatisfy and difcharge all the fums which (hall grow due from time to time for or upon the faid annuities at the rate of three pounds per To be paid eentum per annum, fnall from time to time be paid half-yearly, half-yearly at at Chriftmas and Midsummer, by even and equal portions,- until the bank. redemption of the faid annuities according to the true meaning of this aCt,* at the faid receipt of exchequer, to the chief cafliier of the governor and company of the bank of England for the time being, by way of impreft and upon account for payment Firft payment the fame annuities ; the firft payment of the faid yearly fum on 25 Dec. to the faid cafliier to be made on the twenty fifth day of Deem-*7*6.	£er one thoufand feven hundred and twenty fix \ and the dud

commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury now being, and the high treafurer, under treafurer and commiflioners of the treafury of his Majefty his heirs and fucceflors, for the time being, are hereby Aridity enjoined and required to caufe the faid yearly fum of thirty thoufand pounds, or fo much thereof as (h*tll be (ufficient, to be imprefted and paid from time to time to the faid cafliier accordingly, without any further or other authority for the fame ; any former flatute or law to the contrary notwithftand-ing.

Any perfons III* And be it further eriaCled by the authority aforefaid, may becontri- That for or towards railing the faid fom of one million it (hall butors. and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to contribute by paying, at or

before

291

1725O Anno duodecimo Georgii I. C. 2i

before the refpeftive times by this aft limited in that behalf, to any receiver or receivers to be appointed for that purpofe, as is herein after mentioned, the Aim of ten pounds, or divers entire fums of ten pounds, upon this aft; and that every fuch contributor or adventurer for every fuch fum of ten pounds, which he, (he or they (hall fo advance, (hall be interefted in fuch lot or (hare of and in the faid yearly fund eftablilhed by this aft, as is herein after dircfted and appointed, and the fame entire fums of ten pounds each are hereby appointed to be paid unto fuch receiver or receivers at fuch time or times, and in fuch proportions at a time, on 'or before the twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty fix, as (hall be appointed by the lords commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treafurer for the time being; and the Allowance for faid commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or the high trea-	pay~

furer for the time being, are hereby impowered to caufe fuch an * allowance out of the fum fo to be contributed, or any of them for prompt payment, to be made as he or they in his or their difcretion (hall think meet and reafonable.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Treafury^to That fuch perfons as the commiflioners of his Majefty’s trea- nagenu ma" fury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, (hall nominate or appoint, (hall be managers and direftors Tor preparing and delivering out tickets,v and to overfee the drawing of lots, and to order, do and perform fuch other matters and things as are hereafter in and by this aft direfted and appointed by fuch managers and direftors to be done and performed 5 and that fuch managers and direc- ^ w5th tors (hall meet together from time to time at fome publick office three column* or place, for the execution of the powers and trufts in them re- to be prepared* pofed by this aft; and that the faid managers or direftors, or fo many of them as (hall be prefent at fuch meeting, or the major part of them, (hall caufe books to be prepared, in which every leaf (hall be divided or diftingui(hed into three columns* and upon the innermoft of the faid three columns there (hall be printed one hundred thoufand tickets, numbred one, two, three, and fo onwards in arithmetical progreflion, where the common excefs is to be one, until they rife to and for the number of one hundred thoufand; and upon the middle column in every of the.faid books (hall be printed one hundred thoufand tickets, of the fame breadth and form, and numbred in like manner; and in the extreme column of the faid books there (hall be printed a third rank or feries of tickets, of the fame number with thofe of the other two columns ; which tickets (hall fcverally be of an oblong figure, and in the faid books (hall be joined with oblique lines flouriffies or devices, in fuch manner as the faid managers and direftors, or the major part of them, (hall think moft fafe and convenient; and that every ticket in the third or extreme column of the faid bopks (hall have written or printed thrcupon (befides the number of fuch ticket) words to this effeft, the

U 2	hearer

A Wk to be kept for that purpofe.

Annuities af-figiuble.

jl. per cent, intcrefh

Anno duodecimo Georgii I. c.z.	[1715.

bearer hereof is entitled t* /even pounds ten /billings, part if the joint -flock of one million, attended with annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, or to a better chance.

Treafury to appoint receivers. Managers to examine the books. Tickets not difpoied of to be kept as caih in the exchequer. Middle column tickets to be rolled up, and put into box [A]. Innermoit to remain in the books. Other books with two columns. 8000 tickets (hall be forto-aate, and the managers (hall caufe to be written upon one of them aopoool. upon two io,oool. upon two 5000I. upon three 3000I. upon five aoool. upon twenty eight 1000I. upon forty nine 500I. upon three hundred and fixty 100I. upon ieven thoufond five bundled and fifty *ol. which principal fums, together with 500I. to the firft drawn ticket, and 1000L to the laft drawn ticket, will amount to 310,0001. which being added to 690,000!. payable on the blanks, do amount together to 1000,000!* Mo money to be received after 14. June 1716. Method of drawing. Fortunate tickets to be printed. Counterfeiting tickets felony. Treafury to reward the managers. Guardians may contribute for infants. Sec. Tickets to be exchanged for certificates. Bank to give credit. Scc. EXP,

XIX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That the faid accomptant general of the bank of England for the time being, to whom the faid certificates are to he directed as aforefaid, (nail, upon receiving and taking in of the (aid certificates, or any of them, give credit to the perfons named therein, in a book or books to be by him provided and kept for that purpofe, for the principal fums contained in every fuen certificate i and the perfons to whofe credit every the faia principal fums (hall be entred in the faid book or books, his, her or their executors and adminiftrators, (hall and may have power to aflign and transfer the fame, or any part, (hare or proportion thereof, to any other perfon or perfons, bodies politick and corporate whatsoever, in other books to be provided and kept by the (aid accomptant general for that purpofc; and the principal fums (o afligned or transferred (hall carry the (aid annuity of three pounds per centum per annum, and (hall be taken and deemed to be dock transferable by this aft, according to the power and authority herein after mentioned, until the redemption thereof as afore-(aid : and the laid accountant general of the bank of England for the time being is hereby authorized and directed to cancel and file the certificates as thev (hall from time to time be received and taken in by him, ana to give the perfons bringing the fame a note under his hand, teftifying the principal money for which they have credit in the faid book or books, by reafon or means of the certificates fo received, taken in and cancelled as afore-laid, and of the annuity attending the fame.

XX.	And it is hereby enafted, That every perfon fo to be named in the faid certificates, his, her and their executors, adminiftrators and afligns, (hall have, receive and enjoy and be entitled, by force and virtue of this aft, to have, receive and enjoy an annuity or annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, for the refpeftive principal fums fpecified in fuch certificate, until redemption thereof, according to the pro-vifo herein after contained in that behalf, out of the money o( *

2	the

1725*3	Aimo-duodecimo Georgii I. c.*r	293

the faid yearly fund by this aft eftabliftied and appropriated for that purpofe; which annuities (hall be payable and paid half-yearly at the feaft-days above-mentioned, by even and equal payable half-portions, or within fix days next after every or any fuch feaft- ycar*y* days, until the (aid annuities (hall be redeemed by paying off the faid refpeftive principal fums and all arrearages of the fame annuities, if any be, according to the provifo herein after mentioned; the firft payment to begin, and be made at the feaft Of the nativity of our Lord Chrift one thoufand feven hundred and twenty fix, or within fix days after; and that the (aid yearly fum of thirty thoufand pounds, or fo much thereof as (hall be fufficient from time to time to anfwer and fatisfy the faid annuities after the cate of three pounds per tentum per annum, as the fame (hall become due, are and (hall be appropriated and applied thereunto, and (hall not be diverted or divertible to any other ufe, intent or purpofe whatfoever.

XXI.	And it is hereby enafted, That the laid annuities pay- Tax free* able after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and aU and every the principal Turns for which the fame are to be payable (hall be free from all taxes, charges and impofitions whatsoever.

XXIL And be it enafted by the authority aforefiud. That Bank to ap-the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and point a chief their fucceflors, (hall from time to time, until the faid annuities cafhier and ac-after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum (hall be re* ^jtant deemed according to this aft, appoint and employ one fufficient perfon within their office in the city of London to be their chief or firft-cafiiier, and one other fufficient perfon within the fame office to be their accountant general; and that the faid cafhier or cafhiers, to whom the faid monies (hall from time to time be ifliied for payment of the faid annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, (hall from time to time, without delay, apply and pay the fame accordingly, and render his account thereof according to the due courfe of the exchequer : and the faid accountant general for the time being (hall from time to time infpeft and examine all receipts and payments of the (aid cafhier, and the vouchers relating thereunto, in order to prevent any fraud, negligence or delay; and that all perfons and corporations, who (hall be entitled to any of the fame annuities, fo to be payable by the ca(hier of the bank of England for the time being, purfuant to this aft, and all perfons claiming under them, (hall be pofiefled thereof as a perfonal ftate, and the fame (hall not be dependable to the heir, and (hall not be liable to any foreign attachment by the cuftom of Lon-don, or otherwife y any law, ftatute or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXIII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, xhe annuities That all the principal monies for which the faid feveral annui- a joint itock. ties, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, (hall be payable by the cafhier of the bank of England for the time being ts aforefatd, (hall be deemed and taken to be one capital

0 3	.or

*94	Anno	duodecimo	Gborgii I. c/a. [17

or joint (lock on which the fame annuities (hall be attending, and (hall be called, the joint flock of three pounds per centum annuities ; and that all perfons and corporations, in proportion to their refpedlive annuities, (hall have a (hare in fuch (lock ; and that all fuch (hares (hall be aflignable, transferable and devife-able in the fame manner as is preferibed by adt or adls of parliament made in the firft year of his Majefty’s reign, touching the annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum therein mentioned; and that no (lamp-duties whatfoever (hall be chargeable on fuch transfers; and that the faid governor and company of the bank of England (notwithftanding the redemption of all or any other funds or annuities, in purfuanceof the adls for edablifhing the fame, or any of them) (hall continue a corporation to all intents and purpofes, relating to the receiving, paying or accounting for the faid annuities of three pounds per centum per annum fo payable by their c&fhicr, till the fame (hall be redeemed according to this acl; and that the faid governor and company of the bank of England, or any members thereof, (hall not incur any difability for or by reafon of their doinc any matter or thing in purfuance of this adt.

Kofee.	XXIV.	And it is hereby enadled by the authority aforefaid.

That no fee or gratuity whatfoever (hall or may-be demanded or taken of any of his Majefty Y fubjedls for paying the faid annuities of three pounds per centum per annum\ or any of them, by the faid calhier for the time being; and that no fee or gratuity (hall be demanded or taken for any transfer of any fum, great or fmall, to be made in purfuance of this all, upon pain that any officer or pferfon offending, by taking'any fee or gratuity contrary to, this adl, (hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds to the party grieved, to be recovered with full cods in any of his Majedv’s courts of record at IVeJlminJler,

Crown ma	XXV. Provided always, and it is hereby enadled by the au-

redeem^he	thority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for

annuities.	the King’s majedy, his heirs or fuccefTors, at ahy time, upon

fix months notice to be given under his or their (ign manual, and affixed upon the Royal Exchange in London, at any of the feail-days of payment of the faid annuities, to redeem the fame annuities, and every of them, by paying to the then proprietors of the fame annuities the confideration or purchafe-money which was originally paid for the fame (without dedudtion of the allowance for prompt payment) and all. arrearages of the faid annuities which (hall be incurred till the time of fuch payment, to be made at the then next enfuing half-yearly fead-day; and that from and after fuch payment made, or referring money in the exchequer ready to make fuch payment on demand, that then and not till then the fame annuities and every of them (hall from thenceforth ceafe and determine, and the faid revenues (hall be difeharged of, from and againd the fame.

Appropria- XXVI. And for the better afeertaining and fecuring the pay-duaionsoffid"ment annu^t<es aforefaid, be it further enabled by the au-9	6	thority

1725*] Anno duodecimo Georgii I. c. 2.	295

thoritv aforefaid, That all fuch monies as (frail arife and come in flie pound into tne receipt of the exchequer, of and from the deductions	an-

of fix pence in the pound as aforeiaid, (hall be applied and appro- nmtics# priated, and the fame are hereby accordingly appropriated for and towards paying and difcharging the faid annuities, till redeemed as aforeiaid, and that half-yearly, to wit, on or within twenty days next after the twenty fifth day of December, and the twenty fourth day of June aforefaid, in every year, the commiflion-ers of the treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiflion-ers of the treafury for the time being, (hall caufe an exaCt account to be made and taken of the monies which (hall, .on or before every refpeCtive half-year of and in each and every respective year, have arifen and been brought into the exchequer in the preceding half-year, for or upon the faid deductions; and that the monies fo arifing and coming into the exchequer in fuch preceding half-year (hall be immediately, from time to time, paid over to the chief cafhier of the bank of England, towards pacing and difcharging the annuities aforefaid ; and in cafe the hud deductions (hall at any fuch half-year appear to be fo deficient, that the fame (hall not be able to anfwer and pay ifo much as (hall then be due for or upon the faid annuities in and by this aft appointed and intended to be paid out of the fame, according to the true meaning of this aCfc, then, and in every fuch cafe, and as often as any fuch deficiencies (hall hap-* pen, the fame (hall be .provided for, anfwered and made good by and out of any monies arifen or to arife from all or any the hereditary revenues fettled and appointed for the honour and dignity of the crown.

XXVII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That Deficiency, if \t (hall be found and appear, that the monies arifing and ho^t0 bc| coming into the exchequer by the faid deductions of fix pence madc g00<*# in the pound, in every or any year, (hall have proved fo low

and deficient, as not to have brought into the exchequer the faid full yearly fum of thirty thoufand pounds, that then and in every fuch cafe, and fo often as any fuch deficiency (hall fo happen, the arrears (hall be paid and made good out of the firft money that (hall arife or be brought into the exchequer for or upon the faid deductions, after the end of fuch a year wherein fuch deficiency happened; and any fum or Aims of money paid out of his Majefty’s faid hereditary revenue (hall be alfo replaced and paid out of the fame; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXVIII.	Provided always, and be it enaCted by the autho- Surplus to re-, rity aforefaid. That in cafe at the end of any one year the monies main in the arifing into the exchequer by and out of the faid deductions of exchequer, fix pence in the pound (hall be more than futficient to anfwer

and pay the faid thirty thoufand pouqds per annum, and to replace what may have been in the fame year iffued out of the faid hereditary revenues, towards making good the fame, fijeh furplus (hall from time to time be referved in the exche*

U 4	quer.

296	Anno	duodecimo	Georgii I. C. 3, *4.	[ 1725;

qucr, and not be. thence iflued or applied, but by authority of parliament.

Provifoforthe XXIX. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That exdlnCClIr. c°mm*fli°ners °f his Majefty’s trcafury now being, or the exchequer- jor(j ^ ^afarer or commiffioners of the treafury for the time being mail, on or before the twenty ninth day of September one thoufand feven hundred and twenty fix, by and out of the pionies arifing out of the contributions on this a<ft, or by and out of any other monies granted to his Majefty for the unrvice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty fix, provide and diredl, that all the faid exchequer bills now remaining un-difeharged, and fo, as aforefiud, amounting to nine hundred and ninety thouland pounds principal money, be effedhially difeharged and cancelled; and that in the mean time and until the effectual difeharging and cancelling the fame, or relerving Efficient money in the exchequer for dilcharging and cancelling the fame upon demand, all and every the duties and revenues by the faid recited alt of the eleventh year of his Majefty’s reign appropriated for the circulating, exchanging and finally cancelling the fame, (hall remain, continue and be fubjed and liable to the circulating, exchanging and cancelling the fame in the fame manner, to all intents and purpofes, as they were fiibjcft and liable before the making of this adt; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwith* Handing.

[CAP. III.

An a ft for puniflung mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters. EXP-

CAP. IV.

An all for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to bis Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty fix; and for the more effeBual preventing frauds and abufes in the fhipping of malt for exparta tion to foreign parts; and for aftertaining the price of ale to he fold in Scodand \ and for making good the deficiency on the lottery-tickets of the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty four ; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer-hills, lottery-tickets and orders, loft, burnt or otherwift deftroyed.

Nomaltentred XL VIII. A ND whereas it hath been found by experience. That for exporta.	A the drawbacks given by the feveral alts ofparliament

^ charoed U rt^°ttn&ta the duties on malt out of the duties by the faid alts granted, with the dutiesand uPon the exportation of malt from Great Britain to parts ht-•n malt, nor yond the feat, do very much exceed the duties charged upon tie fame

malt

1725*} Anno duodecimo Georgii L €.4*	997

malt at tht timt of making thereof by means whereof the makers of*uy drawback fuch malt are encouraged to run out their malt into combe, and thereby in the making thereof increafe the fame, before it be dried, to more ^otmalu than double the quantity which the fame individual parcel of malt Jo exported did contain by gaging or meafure, when the fame was gaged and charged by the officers for the duties chargeable thereon y and notwithflanding the allowances and abatements made by the faid a£t out of every twenty bujbels of malt, at the time that the duties charged thereon are paid, that is to fay, an abatement or allowance of four out of every twenty bujbels of malt which Jball be charged by the officer by a gage taken in the ciftern or in the couch, and in caje the charge Jball be made from a gage which Jbatt be taken upon the floor, then an allowance or abatement of the duties of ten bujbels out of every twenty bujbels which JbaU be fo charged from fuch floor gage y not-, withflanding which abatements and allowances fo made out of the faid duties as aforefaidy yet nevertbelefs the faid extorters do demand and tnftfl upon r/9 that they are to have a drawback of ftx pence for every bujbel of malt fo by them extorted as aforefaid> although the fame malt fo exported, by their fraudulent way of working the fame, it worth little more than the drawback paid ana allowed on the exportation thereof to the great difparagement of the Britifh malt in foreign parity and the diminution of his Majeflfs duties upon malt: for remedy whereof be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty fourtn day of June om tboufand feven hundred and twenty fix no malt,which (nail be entred and made for exportation only, in the manner by this aft preferibed and direfted, (hall, by virtue bf this aft, be charged or chargeable, or fubjeft or liable to any of the duties by mis aft charged or impofed upon any malt to be made in Great Britain y and that no drawback out of the duties on malt by this aft granted, (hall be paid or allowed for any malt whatsoever, which from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty fix (hall be made and exported from any part of Great Britain to parts beyond the feas.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid,	t0

That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June one enter all malt thoufand (even hundred and twenty fix, all and every malfter Intended for and maker of malt for exportation fhall from time to time, be- exportation* fore he, (he or they fhall begin to wet or fteep any fteeping of corn or grain to be made into malt for exportation, give or leave notice in writing with the refpeftive officer or officers for the faid duties on malt for the divifion or place where fuch malt is to be and fhall be made, of the refpeftive quantities of corn or grain intended to be. contained in each fteeping fo by him, her or them intended to be made into malt for exportation to parts beyond the feas; which faid com or grain fo intended to be made into malt for exportation fhall from time to time be kept feparate and apart, by the refpeftive makers thereof, from all other com or gain, either made of to be made into malt for home confumption, on pain of forfeiting the fum of five fhil-



Anno duodecimo GeoRGH I.

c. 4*	1>72J*

lings for every bufhel of grain contained in any fteeping fo en-tred to be made for exportation, which (hail be found mixed with any com or grain made or to be made into malt for home confumption.

When malt for	L. Provided always, and be it further enalted by the au-

exportation thority aforefaid. That no maker or makers of malt whatfoever (hil begin to (hall begin to wet or fteep any corn or grain to make into malt be wet. for exportation, above the fpace of fix days before all the com he, (he or they may have working on their refpeftive floors to f make into malt for home confumption, (hall be dried off$ nor fiiall the perfons aforefaid begin to wet or fteep any com to make into malt for home confumption, above the fpace of fix days before all the com or grain he, (he or they may have working on their refpedtive floors to make into malt for exportation, be fully dried, and locked up in the manner by this a ft directed and expreffed, on pain of forfeiting the fum of five ftuK lings for every bufhel of com or grain wetted or ftoeped contrary to the manner herein prefcribed and direded.

Such malt	LI. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

when fully	That when the malt fo intended for exportation as aforefaid

dried, to be (hall be fully made and dried, and fit for exportation, the carried diredt- famc foall from time to time, in the prefence of the refpofbve l>oardmpre- °®ccr or officers for the faid duties in the faid divifion or ienfitof an place where the fame was made, be meafured and carried, by officer, the refpedtive makers or proprietors thereof, diredlly on fhip-board, if intended to be immediately exported, or elfe into one or to be locked or more room or rooms, ftorehoufe or ftorehoufes, or other houfc 4 ft°rC* P ace or P^aces t0 Provided by and at the expence of the re-fpedlive makers or proprietors of the faid malt fo made for exportation, there to be kept feparate and apart from all other malt, under two locks ano two keys to each place into which the faid malt (hall be carried; .one of thofe locks to be provided by the refpedlive makers or proprietors of the faid malt, and ;	the other lock to be provided by the fupervifor or officer for

the faid duties in the divifion or place where the faid malt (hall be locked up, at the expence of the proprietor of the '	faid malt, whereof one kefy of each place to be kept by the re-

fpe&ive makers or proprietors of the faid malt, and the other key by the officer for the faid duties for the time being of the divifion or place where the faid malt (hall be kept, until the fame (hall be delivered out for exportation.

Officers may £,IJ# provided always, and it is hereby enabled by the author fnaUirtopera- aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the rations, till fully fpe&ive fupervifors and officers for the faid duties from time to dried, &c. time, during the wetting or fteeping the faid com or grain fo intended to be made into malt for exportation,and until the fame (hall be fully made and dried, and carried and locked up as a-forefaid, to gage and take an account thereof in all its operations, in the fame manner as they ought to do, in cafe the duties charged upon malt made for home confumption were to be Charged thereon, for the better difeovering whether any of the

wait

1725.] Anno duodecimo Georgii I. c. 4.	tgg

malt fo intended for exportation be not removed and carried away to be ufed for home confumption.

LIII. Provided always, and to the intent that it may be known Officers on no-whether all the malt fo entred, made and locked up for expor-to attend tation be accordingly exported, and not made ufe of for home houfe* atde« confumption, be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, livering out That when any maker or proprietor of malt fo made for expor- malt for ex-tation, and locked up and fecured for that purpofe, (hall be de- portatioiu lirous to take any of the faid malt out of any of the faid places where the fame* (hall be locked up as aforefaid, in order to remove the fame to fome port or place for the exportation thereof, and (hall thereof give notice in writing to the officer for the faid duties of the divifion or place where fuch malt (hall be fo locked up, by the fpace of forty hours before the time he deforce to take out the fame as aforefaid, expreffing in fuch notice the quantity of malt he, (he or they do then denre to take out, and the port or place to which the fame is intended to be removed for exportation as aforefaid, then and in fuch cafe the refpe&ive officers for the faid duties, to whom fuch notice (hall be given as aforefaid, (hall and are by this a& required to attend, pur-fuant to fuch notice, at the refpe&ive places where the faid malt (hall be locked up as aforefaid, and fee the malt fo defired to be taken out of the fame meafured, and delivered out to the re-fpedtive makers or proprietors thereof, or to their refpe<3ive agents or fervants by them appointed to receive and carry the fame to the port or place from whence the fame is intended to be exported as aforefaid.

LIV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. Officers to . That the faid rcfpe&ive officers do and (hall, from time to time, keep a true account of all the malt which (hall be fo delivered • as aforefaid, and of the perfon or perfons to whom the fame be- vered out, &c. longs; and (hall and is hereby required to give to the perfon to whom or for whom each quantity of malt (hall be fo delivered out, a certificate in writing, directed to the officer for the faid duties in the divifibn or place to which the fame is intended to be removed, in order to be exported, expreffing the quantity of malt fo delivered out, and the name or names of the refpc&ve makers or proprietors thereof, and the refpe&ive divifions or places from whence the faYne was fo delivered out; which faid certificate or certificates (hall be (igned by the refpeAive officers giving the fame, and (hall be delivered to the refpeftive officers for the faid duties for the time being, of the port or place where the faid malt (hall be fo carried to be exported, who (hall duly file and keep the fame, and make an entry thereof in a book or books to be refpe&ively kept by him or them for that purpofe, to the intent that upon enquiry and examination it may be discovered whether any maker of malt for exportation (hall duly export all fuch malt, as (hall be entred by him or them re-fpedively for exportation as aforefaid ; and in cafe the maker or proprietor of fuch malt, fo removed from the place of making thereof, (hall neglect or refufe to deliver and procure to be de-,'	livered

Anno duodecimo Georgii I. C.4.	[1715.

livcred fuch certificate or certificates to fuch officer for the faid duties of the divifion or place to which the faid mah (hall be removed in order to be exported) to the intent that the fiune may be filed and entred in the manner in this ad before ex-

!>reued, then and in fuch cafe the maker or proprietor) fo re-iifing or negle&ing to deliver the fame, (hall, for every fuch refuuu, forfeit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds.

CHRctn ** the	LV. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

port to attend That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any the officers far th*	the faid duty on malt, in fuch of the ports of this kingdom,

to continue on where any malt may, is or (hall be (hipped, in order to be exboard till the ported to parts beyond the feas, not only to fee and attend the (hip be cleared, meafuring of all malt which (hall be (hipped or laid on board any (hip or vefiel for exportation to parts beyond the feas, in fuch port or ports refpeflively, but alfo to continue on board fuch (hips or vefiels on which fuch malt (hall be loaden or (hip-ped, until the fame (hall be refpe&ively cleared their refpe&hre

ports.

The hatches L\fl. And it is alfo hereby further enaded by the authoring ef the dun to aforefaid. That from time to time, during the (nipping of matt be locked for exportation on board any (hip or vefiel, at all fuch times as thediip ifnot re^Pw^‘ve proprietors or exporters (hall not be actually put* loading, &c. ting malt or other merchandizes on board, the hatches of the faid (hips or vefiels (hall and may be kept locked down with two locks and two keys to each hatch1 one of thofe locks to be pro* vided, and the key thereof kept by the refpeAive proprietors or exporters, and the other lock to be provided, and the key there** of kept by the refpedive officer or officers appointed to attend the faid (hipping; and that the faid hatches be kept locked down in the aforefaid manner, from the time the faid (hips or vefiels (hall be fully loaded, until the time the fame (hall be ready to fail from their refpe&ive ports to foreign parts, to the intent that none of the malt put on board may be relanded.

Notice to be	LVII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

Sb*™ tV^,e That every peribn of perfons who (hall intend to (hip any malt port when die ^or exportation, (hall, by the fpace of forty eight hours at lead putting on before the beginning to (hip, or put on board any (hip or vefiel board of malt any mah for exportation, give or fend to fuch officer or officers is to be began, u aforefaid, of the port or place where fuch malt (hall be intended to be (hipped or put on board, notice in writing of the particular day, and of the precife hour of fuch day, when fuch (hipping or putting on board of fuch malt is intended to be begun, and alfo the name of the (hip or vefiel fuch malt is to be put on board, on pain to forfeit ana lofe the fum of five ihillingi toe every bufhel of malt, which (hall be (hipped or put on board for exportation without fuch notice fo given or fent as aforefaid; and in cafe it (hall appear, that any of the malt fo entred and made for exportation as aforefaid, mall not within the fpace of nine months next after the making and drying thereof, and carrying the fame into fuch room or rooms, ware-houfas, (fare* frouwjt or other places, and there locked up and facured as afore*

faid*

got

1725-] Anno duodecimo Georgii I. c.4.

faid, be exported for parts beyond the Teas, according to the purport and meaning of this ad, then and in fuch cafe the pro* prietor of the malt not fo exported (hall, for every bufliel there* of forfeit and iofe the fum of five (hillings.

LVIII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. Malt not er-That if any malfter or maker of malt (hall refufe or negleft to ported in nine make fuch entry as aforefaid, of their refpeftive quantities of	JP*

corn or grain, fo intended to be wetted or fteeped for exports- s 8< tion, before the wetting or deeping thereof as aforefaid, or (hall bufhel. refufe or negleft to provide and keep fuch rooms, ware-houfe9, Malfter not ftore-houfes and other places, with locks and keys for fecuring the faid malt (o intended for exportation as aforelaid, or refufe^dingftore- * or negleft to caufe all the faid malt fo intended for exportation, houfes, Sec. to from time to time, within the (pace of fix days next after the forfeit 501. fame (hall be dried, in the prefence of the officer for the faid duties, for the divifion or place where the faid malt (hall bo made (who is hereby required upon reafonable notice to be given to him, to attend for that purpofe) to be meafured, carried and locked up, in fuch rooms, ware-houfes, ftore-houfes or other places as aforefaid; then, and in every fuch cafe, the faid maker or proprietor of fuch malt, fo neglecting or refufing, (haU, for every fuch negleft or refufal, forfeit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds: and in cafe any perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall op* Opposing offi-pofe, mole/t, hinder or obftruft any of the faid officers in the due cert. See. for-execution of the powers or authorities given or granted to fuch fclt# 5° '•. officer or officers by this aft, or (hall break open the hatches of any (hip. or veflel, locked down in the manner herein before* mentioned, without the knowledge or confent of the officer or officers appointed to attend the (hipping of malt on fuch (hips or veflels, every fuch perfon (hall forfeit and lofe, for every fuch offence, the fum of fifty pounds.

LIX. Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority Allowances to aforefaid. That in confideration of the extraordinary charges malfters on the malfters or makers of malt for foreign exportation will be ^port^honof at, for ware-houfes and ftore-houfes for locking up of malt,m and for the feveral admeafurements thereof, from the time of making fuch malt, to the time of exportation thereof, there (halt be allowed to the faid malfters and makers of malt the fum of three pence per quarter, out of the duties granted or continued by this aft, for every quarter of malt, which (hall be fo made and locked up for foreign exportation; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

LX. Provided alfo,. and be it further enafted by the author!- Drawback on ty aforefaid. That a drawback (hall and may be allowed for all malt made be-malt made on or before the twenty fourth day of June one thou-fand feven hundred and twenty fix, that (hall have paid the duty before 19 Sept, impofed thereon by the aft of the eleventh year of his Majefty’s 1726, * reign, for laying a duty upon all malt, mum, cyder and perry, and (hall be exported for foreign parts on or before the twenty ninth day of September one thoufand feven hundred and twenty fix; and the perfon or perfons exporting the fame (hall be entitled

go2	Anno duodecimo GeorGii I. C~.£	[1725]

titled to have debentures made out for the fame, in the fame manner as he or they would have been entitled to the fame* in cafe this a dfc had not been made; apy thing herein before con*1 tained to the contrary notwithftanding.

Such deben- LXL Provided alfo, and be it further enadted by the autho-b^fathfial!0 **ty	That all fuch debentures fo to be made forth, for

malt exported on or before the faid twenty ninth day of September one thoufand feven hundred and twenty fix, (hall (in cafe the refpedtive commifiloners or officers of excife (hall not have fufficient in their hands of the duties granted by the faid adt of the eleventh year of his Majefty’s reign, to fatisfy the fame) be paid and fatisfied out of the duties arifing by this prefent ad; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

5 Ann*, c. S. LXII. And whereas a doubt may arife upon the confiruftion of the feventh article of the treaty of union (which provides that the barrel of ale fold in Scotland by the brewer at nine Jhillings and fix pence fterling, excluding duties, and retailed including duties and the re-x tailors profit, at two pence the Scots pint, /ball not after the union be liable on account of the excife then in being, to a higher duty than ‘ two jbillings for each barrel) whether the brewer and retailer may take a higher price for the faid ale, in proportion as the duty now granted on malt may raife the price of the Jaid commodity, without being liable to a higher excife than that limited by the faid feventh article of the treaty of union: for obviating the faia doubt, it is hereby enadted and declared. That ale brewed or to be brewed The price of in Scotland, during the continuance of the duty of three pence ?lej® ^ a bufhei on malt, of the fame goodnefs and quality with that afeertsdned.’ deferibed in the faid article of the treaty of union, (half be charge->' able with no higher excife, in confideration of the duty of excife that took place at the time of the union, than two (hillings fterling for each barrel, though the faid ale (hall, in confideration of the malt duty, be fold by the brewer at ten (hillings and fix pence per barrel, and by the retailer at two pence and two-peny Scots, or one fixth part of a peny fterling, the Scots pint: and it (hall be lawful for the brewers and retailers of fuch ale to fell and retail the fame at the faid prices, without being liable to any further or higher duty as aforefaid.

The deficien- LXIII. And whereas feveral of the certificates made forth for the cy on the lot- fortunate tickets, ijfued tn purfiuance of an all of the tenth year of tery tickets fa re\gn 0fi his prefent Majejly, for continuing the duties on malt, ^m'adeg<Sd.^» cyierand perry, to raife money by way of a lottery, for the 10 Geo, 1. c. ir firvice °f the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty four, fittt remain unpaid, and for want of fufficient money coming into the exchequer, of the faid duties, to anfwer and pay the fame; be it therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid. That if the money arifen or to arife into the exchequer, for or on account of the duties granted by the laft mentioned adt, on or before the fifth day of May one thoufand feven hundred and twenty fix, (hall not be fufficient tp difeharge the whole principal and intereft * due, or to .grow due on the feveral certificates made forth in

1725-] Anno duodecimo Georgii I. c.5—8*	303

manner aforefaid; that then To, much money as (hall on that day appear to be wanting or deficient for anfwering and discharging the fame, (hall and may be fupplied and made good out of any of the publick fupplies granted or to be granted for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty fix; and the commiflioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, are hereby authorized and required to ifiue and apply the fame for that purpofe accordingly; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

LXIV. Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby further en- The arrears of afted, Thar all the monies which from and after the faid fifth the malt aft day of May one thoufand feven hundred and twenty fix, (hall to be or may happen to come and be paid into the receipt of his Ma-jelly’s exchequer, for arrears upon the faid duties on malt, yCaf, mum, cyder and perry, granted for the fervice of the year one thoufana feven hundred and twenty four as aforefaid, (hall be iflued and applied in aid of the fupplies that (hall be granted to his Majefty, for the faid year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty fix ; any thing in the a£t, by which the faid duties were granted, to* the contrary notwithftanding.

Duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery-tickets or orders, to be made forth in lieu of others loft or deftroyed. EXP.

C A P. V.

An aft for repairing the road from Market-HarboroUgh to Loughborough in the county of Leicefter.

The toll took place from x May 1715. to continue for si yean. Continued by 19 Geo. s. c. 10.

CAP. VI.

An aft for repairing the roads leading from Birmingham through Warwick to Warmington, and from Birmingham through Stratford upon Avon to Edghill in the county of Warwick.

The toll took place s5 July 172s. to continue for 11 years. Continued by 18 Geo. s. c. 3a.

CAP. VII.

An aft for enlarging the term granted by an aft palled in the fixtb year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, intituled. An a8 for the better amendment of that way which loads from Cherril through Caine to Sfudley-Bridge in the county of Wilts, and for making the faia aft more effectual5 and for extending the road fo to be amended, from Cherril to the Three Miles Borough at the top of Cherril Hill.

By this aft the private aft of 6 Ann. c. 14. which commenced from sc 17Goo.x.C«*S4 March 1708. ana was to continue for the term of so years, is continued further for the term of sx years.

cap. viii.

An aft for repairing the highways from Speenhamland adjoining to Newbury in the county of Berks, to Marlborough in the county of Wilts.	**

The toll took place from s May 1716. to continue for sx years. Conti* jPUdby ig Geo.s. c. is.	n*

li**'

CAP. IX.

An for repairing the roads therein mentioned, between Crackley Bank m the parilh oF Id fall alias Shiffnatl, and the town of Shrewfoury in the county of Salop.

The toll is to continue from i June »7*6. for it years. Contimud V 3 Geo* a. c. 6.

CAP. X.

An aft for repairing theroads from Lemsford Mill in the county of Hertford, to Welwyn, and from thence to Cory’s Mill, and from Welwya through Cadicot to Hitchin in the faid county $ and for enlarging the term granted by an aft patted in the fixth year of the reign of nis pre-fent Majefty, for repairing the roads from Stevenage in the (aid county to Bigglefwade in the county of Bedford.

The toll is to have continuance from i May 1726. for si years; and the aft 6 Geo. t. c. 25. for repairing the roads from Stevenage to Bigglefwade, is continued for si years. Contumd iy 11 Geo. a. c. id.

CAP. XI.

*	An	aft for repairing and widening the road from Horfeley Upright date,

leading down Bowden Hill, in the county of Wilts, to the top of Kj'ngf-dotm Hill, in the parilh of Box, in the laid county.

The toll !s to continue from 20 May 1716. for it years. Coudtaudhy 14 Geo. 1. c. 29.

CAP. XII.

An all for granting an aid to bis Majeftyt by hying a duty , upon all viHuallers and retailers of beer and ale within the cities of London and Weflminfter, and the weekly bills of mortality, and for prohibiting their fending beer or ale cut of their boufes to diftant places in any pots or vejfeii left than a gallon \ and alfo for adding one hundred additional hackney chairs to thofe already licenfed-, and for applying certain arrears of former land-taxes towards the ■ fupply granted to bis Majefty for the fervice of the year one tboufand feven hundred and twenty fix; and for appropriating the fupplies granted in this fejftoa of parliament.

to defray your Majefty's publick expences% have freely and unani'moufy given and granted unto your Majefty the rates and duties herein after mentioned, and do moft humbly befeecb your moft excellent Majefty that it may be ena£led; and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi-..... T ritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament ryS. atom aSe®Wed, and by the authority of the lame, That from and aot Ms than after the twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hun-s L mt more dred and twenty fix, a futn not lefs than one pound, nor more mS?bi‘ *° ** than fi* pounds yearly, (hall be paid to his Majefty, his heirs vcTy and fucceffors, by every victualler and retailer of beer and ale

in the cities of London and JVeJiminJhr, and within the weekly within the bill * bills of mortality : which faid rates and duties (hall be fubjeA Rem<i6G to fuch regulations and reftri<Stions as fire herein after mention- c 1	*®’*‘

ed. REP.

Commiflioners to be appointed to grant permiflions and manage the du*> ties. No victuallers within the bills of mortality to retail without a per-iniflion. Victuallers to compound annually for their permiflions. Leaving off retailing, compofition to ceafe. Competitions to be made'according to the trade, is. 6d. for each permiffion. No vi&ualler to fend out drink in any pots lefs than a. gallon, on pain of 40s. But drink may be drunk • at the door or in any out houfe, garden. See. Not taking out permiflion^ forfeits so 1. All the excife-a£ts in force to be applied to this alt. is Car. a. c. 14. All fines to be levied by the laws of excife. Commiflioners to have the fame power as commiflioners of excife. Not to alter juftice* power inlicenfingalehoufes# REP.	:

XV. And whereas by an aft of parliament made in the nint\ year of the reign of her late majejly Queen Anne, it was enaftedy 9 Ann. c. 25# That the commijfioners for licenfing and regulating hackney coaches for the time beings or the major part of them, Jhould have power, and are thereby required to licenfe all fucb hackney chairsy which, from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and eleven, during the term of thirty two years, Jhould be kept and vfed for hire within the cities of London and Weftminfter, and the Juburbs thereof and .within all. and every the parijhes and places comprized within tht weekly bills of mortality; and that the number of all fucb chairs, fo to be licenfed upon that afty Jhould not exceed two hundred, and that upon every one of the licences, to be granted for keeping or vfing for hire any hackney chair, there Jhould be referred and payabli to her Majejly, her heirs and fucceJforsy the annual fum of ten jbilHngsy to be paid quarterly: and whereas by an . aft of parliament made in the tenth year of her fiid Majejly s reign,10 nn’c*,9% it was enafted, That it Jhould and might be lawful (o .and for the commijfioners for licenfing and regulating of hackney coaches for the time being, or the major part of them9 to iicenj'e any additional number, not exceeding one hundred fucb hackney chairs, which, from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twelve, at any time or times within or during the term of thirty one years, Jhould be kept and ufedfor hire within the cities and limits a-forefaid, fo that the number of all the faid chairs, licenfed or to be licenfed upon the faid afts, Jhould not at any one time, within or during the term lajl mentioned, exceed three hundred \ and that upon every one of the faid licences, for any of the faid chairs, there Jhould be refervea the like yearly rent of ten Jlnllings, to be paid quarterly : and whereas it is found convenient, that a greater number of fuch hackney chairs Jhould be Uccnfel to be employed within the limits a-forcfail, be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That 0ne jlunJrci the commiflioners for licenfing and regulating hackney coaches additional* now being, and the commiflioners for licenfing and regulating hackney hackney coaches for the time being, or the major part of them, chairs to be . (hall have power and authority and are hereby impowered and required, under their hands and feals or the hands or feals of	,

the major part gf them (oyer and above the number of chairs.

Vol. XV\	X	autho-»6Geo.s.c.so.

305

The number not to exeed 400*

On every licence there (hall be referred the annual fum of 10 s. payable quarterly.



Appropriation of the monies on thefe chairs.

Arrears of former land-taxes to be applied for the fcrrice of the year 17x6.

Treafury may HTue out new exchequer-

Anno duodecimo Georgii I. c. 12.	[1725*

authorized to be licenfed by the faid former a&s) to licenfe an additional number of hackney chairs, not exceeding one hundred, which from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty fix, at any time or timet within or during the term of eighteen years from thence neat and immediately enfuing, (hall be kept and ufed for hire witb-in the cities ana limits aforefaid; fo that the number of all the laid chairs licenfed or to be licenfed upon this or the faid former afts, (hall not at any one time, within or during the term laft mentioned, exceed four hundred.

XVI.	And it is hereby ena&ed, That from and after the laid twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty fix, upon every one of the licences to.be granted in pur-fuance of this adt, for keeping and ufing for hire any kackney chair, there (hall be referved and payable to his Majefty, hn heirs and fucceilbrs, the annual fum of ten (hillings of lawful money of Greet Britain, to be paid quarterly at the four moft ufoal feafts in the year, by equal portions, during the continuance of every fuch licence for a chair, with fuch covenants, pro* vifoes and conditions, for the more effedtual payment thereof, as the faid commiflioners in their diferetions (hail think fit and reafonable; the firft of the faid payments to begin and be made at fuch of the faid feaft-days, as (hall next happen after the granting of every fuch licence for a chair refpedively; and that the fame chairs, and the perfons to be fo licenfed for carrying and ufing the fame, (hall in refpedt thereof have , the fame rates and benefits, and be fubjedt and liable to the fame rules, penalties, matters and things, as are by the faid former a&s preferib-ed, in relation to the hackney chairs or chairmen, which were thereby authorized to be licenfed^

XVII.	And it is hereby declared and enadted by the authori-

5r aforefaid. That all the monies to arife by rents of the faid ad-itional number of chairs to be licenfed in purfuance of this adt (the neceflary charges of raifmg the fame excepted) (hall be added to the funds fettled by the faid adt of the ninth year of her faid late Majefty’s reign, and applied towards the payment of the principal* and intereft-moncy therein mentioned, in like manner, and under the like penalties, as other rents upon hackney chairs are applicable and appropriated.

XVIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority afordaid. That the fum of feven thoufand and forty (ix pounds, thirteen (hillings and eight pence three farthings, remaining in the exchequer for arrears of feveral land-taxes payable in and before the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, (hall and may be ifliied and applied as part of his Majefty’s fopply granted for the fervice or the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty fix; any law, ftatute or provifion heretofore made to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XIX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the commilfioners ot his Majefty’s treafury or any three or more of them now being*

or

1725.3 Anno duodecimo GEO^Gn I. C. vs*	307

or the high treafurer or any three or more of the commifiioners of the treafury for the time being, and they refpcdivcly are here- 1, by authorized and impowered at any time or times before the 5 ' twenty fourth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and twenty fix, at once or by fiich proportions at a time as they re* fpedively (hall find to be moft for the advantage of the publick, . to prepare and make or cauie to be prepared and made at the exchequer, in fuch method and form as they or he (hall think moft fafe and convenient, any number of new exchequer bills, containing one common fum or different fums in the principal monies, not to exceed in the whole the fum of five hundred thoufand poundsJlerling. EXP.

To bear intereft at id. per centum per diem. The bills to be numbred arithmetically, &c. Thele bills to be placed as cafh m tbe tellers office*.

The bills to be fuhjeft to the rules enacted in tbe land-tax of this fcffion.

New exchequer*bills charged on the duties on retailers of beer. An annual account to be taken at Michaelmas of the monies arifing by tbe duties on victuallers. Deficiency to be made good out of next fuppUes, or out of the finking fund. Monies out of the unking fund to be replaced. EXP.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enaded by the authori* Appropriate aforefaid. That all monies coming into the exchequer,tion either by loans or exchequer-bills, upon one aft of this fefiioa of parliament, intituled. An aft for granting an aid to his Megr-ftyb a land-tax to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervite of the year one thoufand feven hundred twenty fix, and (o much money (if any fuch be; of the tax thereby granted, as (hall arife and remain after all the loans or exchequer-bills made or to be made on the fame ad, and all the intereft. Premium or rate, and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for rai-fing the laid land-tax (hall be fatisfied, or money fuflfcicnt (ball be referved in the exchequer to difeharge the fame; and all tbe monies coming into.the exchequer, either by loans or exchequer* bills, upon one other ad of this feflion of parliament, intituled.

An aft for continuing the duties on malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to bis Mafefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the fermce of the year one thoufand' feven hundred and twenty fix; and for the more effectual preventing frauds and abufes in the Jhipping of malt for exportation to foreign parts; and for afeertaining the price of ale to be fold in Scotland 5 and for making good the deficiency on the lottery-tickets of the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty four; and for mag• ing forth duplicates of exchequer-bills, lottery-tickets and orders left, burnt or otberwife dejlroyed, and fo much of the duties on malt, mum, cyder and perry, thereby granted or continued, as (hall arife or remain (if any fuch be) after all the loans or exchequer-bills thereby direded to be made on the fame ad, and all the intereft, Pramium or rate and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for railing the faid duties, (hall be fatisfied or money fufficient (hall be referved to difeharge the fame; and alio all the exchequer-bills to be made forth in purfuance of this

X*	prerent

3©8

60,135k **• 8d. to make good the general fund.

7ji,iSi 1. 5 *. Sd. for naval fervices.

79,41x1.14s. 3 d. for the ordnance.

901,034!. 7 s. 8 d. ob. for guards, garri-lons, &c.

Anno duodecimo Georgii I. c. 1 2.	[ 1725.

ptcfent adl, and the fum of feven thoufand forty fix pounds, thirteen (hillings and eight pence three farthings, remaining in the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer on arrears of former land-taxes, (hall be appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the feveral ufes, intents and purpoies herein exprefled: fubjedt nevcrthelefs to fuch reftridtions as are herein after prefcribed (that is to fay) it is hereby enadted and declared. That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there (hall and may be ifliied and applied any fum not exceeding lixty thoufand two hundred thirty live pounds eight (hillings and eight pence,, to make good the deficiency of the fund, commonly called The General Fundy for raifing feven hundred twenty four thoufand eight hundred forty nine pounds fix (hillings and ten pence, and one fifth part of a penny per annum, for the year ended at Michaelmas one thoufand feven hundred and twenty five.

XXIX.	And it is hereby enadted and declared. That out of all or any the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there (hall and may be ifTued and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding feven hundred thirty two thoufand one hundrea eighty one pounds five (hillings and eight pence, for or towards the naval fervices herein after more particularly exprefled (that is to fay) for or towards defraying the charge of the ordinaxy of his Majefty’s navy, and for half-pay to the fea-officers, and for and towards victual, wages, wear and tear of the navy, and the victualling thereof, performed and to be performed, and for or towards fea-fervices in the office of the ordnance performed and to be performed, and for or towards other fervices of the navy performed and to be performed.

. XXX. And it is hereby alfo enadted. That out of all or any the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there (hall and may be ifliied and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding feventy nine thoufand four hundred and twelve pounds fourteen (hillings and three pence, for or towards defraying the chaige of the office of his Majefty’s ordnance for land-fervices perform* ed and to be performed, and for defraying feveral extraordinary expences of the office of ordnance for land-fervices, not provided for by parliament.

XXXI. And it is hereby likewife enadted. That out of all or any of the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there (hall or may be ifliied and applied any fum or fums of money not exceeding in the whole the fum of nine hundred one thoufand and thirty four pounds feven (hillings and eight pence halfpenny, for or towards maintaining his Majefty’s land-forces and other fervices herein after more particularly exprefled, that is to fay, any fum not' exceeding fix hundred fifty five thoufand one hundred and feventy eight pounds and two pence, for defraying the charge of eighteen thoufand two hundred twenty fix effective men, including commiflion and non-commiflion officers and in* •valids, for guards, garrifons, and fix independant companies for the fervicc of the highlands, and other his Majclty's land-forces

in

Anno duodecimo Georgif I, cr. 1a.‘	309

'eat Britain, Jerfey and Guernfeyy and other fervices relat-> the forces for the year one thoufand feven hundred and y fix ; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding one red fifty two thoufand fix hundred thirty feven pounds fix-r hillings and five pence halfpenny, for maintaining his Ma-; forces and garrifons in the plantations, Minorca and G/-r, and for provifions for the garrifons of Annapolis Royal9 ttia and Gibraltar, for the year one thoufand feven hun-and twenty fix; and any fum or fums of money not ex-ig fourteen thoufand nine hundred and thirty pounds fif*

[hillings and five pence, upon account for out-penfioners rffea Hofpital, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and y fix; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding five md two hundred eighty feven pounds fifteen (hillings and pence, for defraying feveral extraordinary expences and es relating to the forces incurred, and not provided for by ment; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding fe-three thoufand pounds, upon account of half-pay to the ed officers of his Majefty’s land-forces and marines, for the >ne thoufand feven hundred and twenty fix; fubjedt never-s to fuch rules to be obferved in the application of the faid >ay, as are herein after prefcribed concerning the fame 5 ny fum and fums of money not exceeding one hundred fif-tit thoufand three hundred eighty nine pounds two (hillings ight pence towards making good the deficiency 'of the \ for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred venty fix ; and any fum not exceeding forty four thoufand mdred twenty one pounds two (hillings ana four pence to good the deficiency of the aid granted by an adt~of the year of his Majefty’s reign, for railing one hundred thou* 9 Geo.r. c.tg# rounds for laying a tax on papifts; and any fum or fums *	....

>ney not exceeding nine hundred and ninety thoufand Is for difcharging the like fum in exchequer-bills, being maining part of the exchequer-bills for one million, which, made forth in purfuance or an a<St of parliament of the elc- 11 Gco-c#** year of his Majefty’s reign.

[XII. And be it enadted, That out of the faid aids or fup- Provifion for there (hall and may be from time to time iffued and appli- augmenting ch fum or fums of money as (hall be neceflary for and to- the Fleet in ; the payment of fuch additional numbeir of feamen, as his171 * ty (hall think fit to employ for the fervice of'thfe year one and feven hundred and twenty fix, and for and towards ring and defraying fuch expences and engagements as have 1 time been or (hall before or until the twenty fifth day of tber one thoufand feven hundred and twenty fix, be made 1 Majefty, in concerting fuch meafures as he in his great m thinks will beft conduce to the fecurity of the trade and

ation of this kingdom, and the prefervation of the peacrof .........

/. .

CX1II. And be it enabled. That the laid aids or fupplies Limitatlon ol? led as aforefaid Ihall hot be UTued ofl applied to any uie, in-thelc fupph®^ X 3	tent

3io	Anno duodecimo Georgi* I. c. is. f 1725,

tent or purpofe whatsoever, other than the ufes and purpofes before-mentioned, or for the Several deficiencies before directed to be Satisfied out of the Said loans or exchequer-bills, by any particular clauSe or clauSes for that purpoSe contained in this ad or in any other aft of this preSent feflion of parliament, are^ntitiedto XXXIV. And as to the Said Sum of Seventy three thouSand half-pay. pounds, by this aft appropriated on account of half-pay as afore-Said, it is hereby enafted and declared by the authority aforefaid, That the rules herein after prescribed (hall be duly obferved in the application thereof; that is to Say, That no perfon (hall have or The furplusof receive any part of the fame, who was a minor under the age this Sum is ap. of fixteen years at the time when the regiment, troop or cotn-F^Se^^* Pany *n which h® ferv®d, was reduced ; that no perfon (hall °',# C'7' ^*vc or rccc‘vc afty Part °f famc* except fuch perfons who did aftual Service in Some regiment, troop or company, that no perfon having any other place or imployment of profit, civil or military, under his Majefty, (hall have or receive any part of the half-pay; that no chaplain of any garrifon or regiment, who has any ecclefiaftical benefice or other preferment in Great Bri-tain or Ireland, (hall have or receive any of the Said half-pay; that no perfon (hall have or receive any part of the fame, wno hath refigned his commiffion, and has had no commiffion fince; that no part of the fame (hall be allowed to any perfon, by virtue of any warrant or appointment, except to iuch perfons who would have been otherwifc entitled to the fame as reduced officers ; and that no part of the fame (hall be allowed to any of the officers of the five regiments of dragoons, and eight regiments of foot lately di(banded in Ireland, except to fuch as were lately taken on the eftablifliment of half-pay in Great Britain.

nGeo.i. c.8.	XXXV. And whereas by an alt ofparjiament made in the eleventh

year of bis Majefty'$ reign> for continuing the duties on maU% snrw> (tier and perryy to raift money for the Jervice of the year one then• /and feven hundred and twenty five, and for other purpofes therm •	expreffed, fevered fupplies which had been granted to his majefty, os

is therein mentioned, were appropriated to fcveral ufes and purpofti therein expreffidy among which any fum or fums of money, net exceeding fcvetity-Jeven thoufand pounds upon account of half-pay, fir the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty five, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced officers of his Majefty s land forces aid marines fubjefi neverthelefs to fuch rules to be obferved tn the application of the faid half-pay^ as in and by the aforefatd alt were preferred in that behalf: now it is hereby provided, enafted and declared, by the authority aforefaid. That So much of the Said fum of feventy feven thoufand pounds, as is or (hall be more than Sufficient to Satisfy the Said reduced officers, according to the Said rules by the Said aft preferibed to be obferved in the application Overplus of thereof, or any part of fuch overplus, (hall or may be difpofed hal^pay, how to Such officers who are maimed or loft their limbs in the late 10 be applied. wars^ or to fuch others as by reafon of their long Service, or otherwise, his Majefty (hall judge to be proper objefts of chaffy

1725*] Anno duodecimo GeorgiiL c.13—15.

rity, or to the widows or children of loch officers, according to fuch warrant or warrants under his Majefty*s royal fign manual as (hall he figned in that behalf; any thing in this a& or the faid former a£t to the contrary notwithftandiog.

CAP. XUI.

An a& for repairing and widening tbe roads from the city of Gloucefter to the city of Hereford.

The tolls are to have continuance from the 24th of June 1726, for 21 yean. O/rttw^^ftoGeo.t. c. 31.

CAP. XIV.

An aft for repairing feveral roads therein mentioned, leading into tbe city of Worcefter.

WHEREAS the feveral highways, Jlreets or roads leading from the feveral gates and tbe bridge of the city 0/Worcefter, to Cudley Heath, in the parijh 0/wamdon, in tbe county jof Worcefter, being one mile and an half, or thereabouts, and to a bridge called Stonebow-Bridge in the find county, being four miles, $r thereabouts, and from a place called The Yewtree in the parijh of SpetchJy, to Upton Snod/oury, in tbe faid county, being two miles» $r thereabouts, and from the laid city oj Wojxeftcr to a place called Ayleftxxough Farm in tbe Jaid county, being fin miles, or thereabouts9 and to a place called Seavern Stoak, in the faid county, being four miles, or thereabouts, and to a place called 1he Rid Green, in the parijh {/'Hanley Caftle in the Jaid county y being four miles, or thereabouts, and to a place called The Link, in the parijh of Great Malvern, in the faid county, being four miles, or thereabouts, and to a place called The High Ladder Stile, in the parijh {/Xeigh in the faid county, being five miles, or thereabouts, and to a place called Hereford (hire Late, in the parijh {/"Knightwick in'the faid coun~ ty, being fin miles,.or thereabouts, and to a place called Hombridge, in the parijh {/"Manly in the faid county, being Jin miles, or thereabouts, and. to a place called The Hundred Houfe, in the parijh of Great Whitley in the faid county, being Jin miles, or thereabouts, and to a place called The Mitre Oak, in the parijh of Hartlebury in tbe faid county, being fin miles, or thereabouts, by reafon of the * foil thereof, and tbe heavy carriages paffing through the fame, are become fo ruinous, &c.

The toll took place the 1ft of June 1726, and is to continue for si yean* Omtimutdby 10 Geo. 2. c. 5.

CAP. XV.

An aB for repairing tbe walls, gates and. other publick works in tbe city of Norwich, and feveral bridges in and near tbe feud city, and for amending tbe roads therein mentioned.

I.	TTTHEREAS the city ef Norwich is an anient city, end Vy tbe grtoteji part thereof encompajfei with ibid font walls, wherein are twelve large gates, and there are alfe fix large bridges aver tbe river naming through the faid rity, called fieilpfden, CoS-

X 4	lany.

Anno, duodecimo GeoRGii I. q. i6f--i8.	[1725:

lany9 ‘Black Fryers, Eyebright, White Fryer* Bifhopgate Bridges, and likewife divers publick waftes, Jtatbes and wharfs, ie the Iaid city; and whereas the faid walls,	bridges, waftesf

Jlathes and wharfs are now become very ruinous, &c.

After 1 May 1726, all mailers of veiTels parting up the river higher than Thorp-Hall* to pay toll. For every chaldron oF coals 4.d. * For every laft of wheat, rye, barley, malt or other grain 4d. For every weigh c»F fait 4 d. For three hogrtieads oF fugar, tobacco, molefles, or hogiheads packed with other dry goods 4 d. For three puncheons of liquor 4d. For Four hogiheads or two pipes of wine, fpirits or other liquors 4d. For eight barrels oF fope, rainns, oil, pitch, tar or packed with other dry goods 4 d. For every whole butt or two half-butts of currant 4 d. For two pipes of Smyrna raiiins 4 d. For twenty Four bags of nails 4 d, For fixty bars of iron ad. For fifty pieces of iron called Short Broads ad. For eight pigs or a Fodder of lead ad. For every Peak milftone or pair of Cologne mil lionet 4d. For Forty firkins of butter or archel ad. rOr twenty twq hundred weight of cheefe 4 d. For twenty fquare foot of itone 4d. For every thoufand pantiles 4 d. For every chaldron of grinftones ad. For eighty fingle deals or forty double deals ad. For fifty fquare foot of fir or other timber 4d. For two bags of hop* ad. FQr eight horfe packs of any goods 4d. and for every ton of other goods 4d. Mayor, See. to appoint colle&ors. Matter not liable, unlefs his lading exceed three tons. Mayor, See. may fix a boom acrofs the river, and ere& an office there. Duties may be artigned over for money to be borrow* cd at lawful intereft. Not to take away the duties payable at the common ftathe. City of Norwich to pay to the treafurer pi the county for bridge money, 301 .per annum. The bridges to be repaired at the colts of the county.

CAP. XVI,

An aft for repairing the road from Spittlegate-Hill near Grantham, in the county of Lincoln, to Little Drayton in (he county of Noringham.

The toll took place 15 June 171$, and is to have continuance for st ■years. Continued by 12 Geo. a. c. 34.

CAP. XVII.

An aft for enlarging the term granted by an aft made in the firft year of {iis prefent Majelty's reign, intituled. An a& far repairing and amending tpe highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge in the county of Middlesex, am) lor making the faid a ft more effectual.

The toll granted by this aft of 1 Geo. 1. fiat. 2. c. 25. took place 25 December 1715, and was to have continuance during the term of 11 years, and by this a if is continued for 21. years longer. Continued by15 Geo. 2. c. 9.

CAP. XVIII.

An a!l for repairing the feveral roads therein mentioned, leading into the town of Tewkelbury in the county of Gloucefter.-

t> \\f HERE A S the feycral highways and roads leading from tie VV town and borough of Tewkelbury in the county of GIou-cefter, to a' place called Gofco'mbc-Gate on the top of Stanway-Hill in the patijh of Stanway in the faid county of Gloucefter, in the great road to London, being ten miles or thereabouts, and to opiate called the Hands at Combes* Hill in the parlfli of Elmeftons Hardwick in the faid county of Gloucefter, in the highway leading to Gloucefter, tailed the Upper Way, being four miles or thereabouts.

T 725‘] Anno duodecimo Gporgii I. c. 13,-24.

and to a place called Wainloads-Bridee in the highway leading to Gloucefter, called the Lower Way, being four miles or thereabouts, and to the parijh of Swindon in the highway to Cheltenham in the faid county {/'Gloucefter, being five miles or thereaboutj, by reafon of the deepnefs of the foil of the Jaid refpeftive'roads, and the heavy carriages pajfing through the find roads, are become ruinous, £cc.

The toll took place 24 May 1716. and is to continue for %i years.

CAP. XIX.

An aft for enlarging the term granted by an aft paffed in the ninth year of the reign ot her late majefty Queen Anne, intituled, An aft for re* pairing the highways from Sheet.Bridge in the parish of Petersfield to the town of Portlmouth in the county of Southampton, and for making . the laid aft more effectual.

The private aft 9 Ann. c. 8. further continued for so years. Cotftiwtd by 15 Geo. *• c. 14.

CAP. XX.

An aft for enlarging the termgranted by an aftpafled in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, intituled, An aS for repairing the highway or road from the city rf Worcefter to the borough {/Drpitwitch \n the county {/Worcefter, and for making the fame more effectual; and for repairing other roads therein mentioned, in the faid county of Wor-- icefter.

The private aft xs Ann. ft. s. c. 3. continued from x June 1726, fpr the

further term of twenty one years. Continued by 22 Geo. a. c. 43.

CAP. XXI.

And aft for repairing and enlarging the road from Liverpool to Prefoot, and other roads therein mentioned, in the county palatine of Lancafter.

The toll took place the firft of June 1726, and is to continue for si years.

Continued by 19 Geo. 2. c. 19.

CAP. XXII.

An aft to continue two afts of parliament for repairing the highways between Wymondham and Attleborough, and from Wymondham to Hetherfet in the county of Norfolk; the one pafled in the feventh and eighth years of the reign of his late majefty King William the Third, and the other in the feventh year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne; and for repairing the road from the* mouth of Wigmore-hme to Hall-Walk Gate in Attleborough in the faid county.

By this aft the aft of 7 & 8 W. 3. c. 26. and the private aft of 7 Ann. c.

4. are continued for twenty one years. Continued by 20 Geo. 2. c. 16.

cap. xxm.

An aft for repairing the roads leading from the weftern part of the pa-rifh of Sheffield to Harwich in the county of Effex, ana the road leading from Chelmsford in the faid county to Sudbury in the county of Suffolk, and from Margretting to Malden in the county of Eflex, and from Colchefter to Langham in the fame coupty. P R.

The toll took place the ift of May 1726, and is to have continuance fbr

;i years. Continued by 20 Geo. 2. c. 7.

CAP. XXIV.

An aft for repairing the road from the city of Gloucefter to Stone, and alfo the roads to and near Berkley, Dudley, Wottun under Edge, Stroud gnd Sodbury in the county of Gloucefter.

The

$t4-	Anno	duodecimo	GEORGII	I.	0.25,26.	t1^*

The toll took place the 14th of June 1716, audit to continue far at yean* Coatauedby 19 Geo. a. c. if*

CAP* XXV.

An ad to enable the prefent and future inhabitants of the exff, north and weft fides or lines or Saint James’s Square, to make a rate on themfelm for railing money fufficient to clean, adorn and beautify the find fquare, and to continue the lame in repair.

Truftees appointed for adorning St. James's Square. Annoying the iquareby filth. &c. forfeits 10 s. Incroachments forfeit 50I. No hack# ney coach to ply there, on pain of 10 s. A rate on the hoofaa not exceeding 10 s. a toot yearly for the three front lines* Honfes, occupied by emhafiadors, to be paid by the landlords. Differences to be determined by the truftees. Truftees to appoint colledors and receivers. Square ex# empt from fcavengers rates. Inhabitants^ fee. may advance not exceed* ing 60001. by annuities far 3s years. Truftees may mortgage the rates. New ones to oe chofen in the room of truftees deceased.

CAP. XXVI.

An aft for repealing the duty laid upon fnuff, by on off made in the eighth year of her late Majeflfs reign, and for of. certaining the rates according to winch the remaining da. ties are to be paid, and for giving further encouragement ' to the Greenland fijhery.

MOST gracious Sovereign, whereas ’by an off made in the eighth year of the reign of her late majefty Jjhieen Anne, intituled. An adt for granting to her Majefty new dudes of ex-cife, and upon feveral imported commodities, and for eftablifh-ing a yearly fund thereby, and by other ways and means, to raife nine hundred thousand pounds, by fale of annuities, and (in default thereof) by another lottery, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ten, a new duty of three fallings for every pound-weight Avoirdupois, over and above all o~ ther duties, was laid Mon all fnuff imported or to he imported into the kingdrn of Great Britain, at any time or times after the ftxtb day of February one thoufand feven hundred and nine, within or du-6 Geo. 1. c. 4. ring the term of thirty two years, fitch fnuff not being of the produff f. 1.	or manufafture of her Majefty's plantations which aft has been fitui

made perpetual: and whereas it is notorious, that fines the laying of the /aid new duty, great quantities of fnuff have been clandeftinely and fraudulenty imported, and run into thss kingdom, to the dtaimt-tion of Us Majefty's revenues, and the difeouragrment of the fear traders; for remedy whereof, we, your Majefty’s dutiful and loyal fubjedts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament af-fembled, do moft humbly beCoech your Majefty that it may be A& s Ann. e. cnadted, and be it enadtea by the fCing’s moft excellent maje*

7.	relating to fty} by an(} with the advice and confent of the lords Ipiritual fnuff,repealed. an^ temporal and commons in this prefent parliament aflem-bled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the thirty' firft day of May in the year of our Lord one thoufand

feven-

1725-1 Anno doodecimoGBORGH L C. 26.	315

feven hundred and twenty fix, the faid new duty of three (hillings per pound weight, inftpofed by the faid recited ad of the eighth year of her faid late Majeftv’s reign, upon fnuff import- % Avnx. c. 7, ed into this kingdom as aforefaid, (hall ceafe and determine, and be no longer due or payable for any fnuff to be imported into this kingdom, after the faid thirty firft day of May one thou-feven hundred and twenty fix.

II.	And whereas other duties upon fnuff imported into this king- Rates on fnuff dom are now payable according to the value j'worn to or affirmed by

the importers 5 which, by experiencehas been found to be very un+ rcpcaJ * equal, feme perfons greatly undervaluing the fame, to the detriment of the revenue, and difeouragement of the fair traders $ for remedying the laid abufe, and for putting the (aid trade on a more equal foot, be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That all provifions and claufes contained in any former ad or ads of parliament, fo far as they relate to the afeertaining the value of fnuff imported, according to the *>aths or affirmations of the importers,

(hall, fromand after the faid thirty firft day of May one thoufand feven hundred and twenty fix, be and are hereby repealed and made void.

III.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefeid, That snuff to pay in lieu of the faid former rates and duties ad valorem, re-the old fub-pealed by this ad, all fnuff which (hall at any time or times, fidy*

after the faid thirty firft day of May one thoufand feven hundred and twenty fix,, be imported into any port or plait within this kingdom, (hall, upon the importation thereof, be rated to, 2nd pay the old fubfidy granted by the ad of tonnage and poundage, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the ae- ,iCar.». c.44 cond, according to the feveral rates and values herein after mentioned, (and not according to the values fworn to or affirmed by the importers) that is to fay, all fnuff imported in Britijb (hips, from any of the Britijb plantations in America, Or from _	.	..	.

any part of the Spanijb Wejbindies, (hall be rated at two (hil- Africatt ** lings and fix pence for every pound weight Avoirdupois, and in 6d per lb. that proportion for any greater or lefs quantity; and all fnuff imported from Italy, Spam, Portugal and all other foreign parts, from Italy, except France, (hall be rated at five (hillings for every pound Sec. 5s. weight Avoirdupois, and in that proportion for any greater or lefs . quantity.

IV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Further fublu That in all cafes where any of the faid forts of (huff are by law accord-fubjed or liable to the payment of the further fubfidy the onefng to the va-third fubfidy, the two thirds fubfidy, the additional impoft, or lue fet for the any of them, according to the refpedive values fet thereon for old fubfidy. the faid old fubfidy, or in proportion thereto, the fame (hall, from and after the thirty firft day of May one thoufand feven hundred and twenty fix, be paia proportionably, according to the particular value fet thereon for the old fubfidy aforefaid, and not according to the oath or affirmation of the importer; any thing in the reljpedive ads, which granted the faid duties, or )fi any other ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

$i6

Drawback of all the duties, except old iilbfidy.

Doty how to be levied*

Encourage-

merit to the Greenland fUhery, by ioGeo.i.c.16 extended to Davis's freights for 7 years.

Anno duodecimo Georgii L c.*6. [i 725.

V.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That upon the exportation of any of the faid forts of fnuff, within the time allowed by law, tne duties paid or fecured for the fame at importation as aforefaid, (hall be drawn back or allowed to the exporter, on a proper debenture to be made forth for that purpofe, except the old fubiidy.

VI.	And be it enadted and declared by the authority aforefaid, That the feveral fubfidies, impofitions and duties upon the faid feveral forts of fnuff (hall be paid or fecured, and (hall be railed, levied and collected in fuch manner and form, and by fuch ways and means, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, and with fuch difcounts, allowances and drawbacks (except as herein is excepted) as are mentioned and exprefTed in the (eve-yal adls of parliament, which granted or continued the fame re-fpedlively; and all powers, penalties, provifions, articles and daufes therein contained (except in fuch cafes where any alteration is made by this a<51) (hall continue in full force and effect, during the continuance of the faid refpedtive fubfidies, impofitions and other duties, and (hall be applied, pradtifod and executed for the railing, levying, colledting, fecuring, anfwer-ing, paying and appropriating the faid refpedtive fubfidies, impofitions and dther duties, according to the true intent and meaning of this prefent a<ft, as fully and effedtuaily, to all in* tents and purpofes, as if the faid claufes, matters and things had been repeated and enabled in the body of this prefent aft; any law or other matter or thing to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

VII.	And whereas by an aft made in tenth year of his Majefifs reign, intituled, An aft for encouraging the Greenland fifhery, it was enatted, That from and after the twenty fifth day of December one thoufand /even hundred and twenty four, it Jboula and might

* be lawful for any of his Majefiy's Britifh fubjefts, for and during the fpace of[even years, to import whale fins, oil and blubber of whales taken and caught in the Greenland feas, in Britifh Jhips, navigated according to law, without paying any cujlom, fubfidy or other duties for the fame, the captain, mafter or other commanding officer of the Jbip or veffiel importing the fame firfi making oath as therein is directed, That all the whalefins, oil and blubber imported in fuch Jbip or veffiel was really and bona fide the fins, oil or blubber of whales caught and taken in the faid Greenland feas by the crew of fuch jhips and veffiels only; whereof the captain or mafier and one third part at leaf of the mariners were Britifh fubjefts: and whereas feveral of his Majefiy's Britifh fubjefls do fijh with Britifh Jhips and veffifls in the Streights, commonly called Davis's Streights, and the feas thereto adjoining; be it declared and enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the benefit of the faid lad mentioned aft, (hall, from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty fix, be extended to fuch of his Majefiy’s Briti/h fubjefts, as (hall fifh in the faid (heights in Britijb (hips pr yeffels navigated as aforefaid; and that from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty

1725.] Anno duodecimo Georgii I. c.27.	3*7

ty fix, it (liall and may be lawful for any of his M&jefty’s Britijh fubjeds to import whalefins, oyl, or blubber of whale, ftal oyl, feal (kins, or any other produce of feals, or other fifh or crea- . tures taken or caught in the Greenland feas, or in Davis's freights* or in any other parts of the feas adjoining or adjacent thereunto, without paying any cuftom, fublidy, or other duty for the fame, duririg the fame term, and under the fame rules, methods, and reftridions, as are mentioned in and preferibed by the a-forefaid ad, with :refped to whalefins, oyl, and blubber of whales taken and caught in the Greenland feas, and imported from thence into this kingdom; any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding..

CAP. XXVII.

An aft for vefting in his Mdjefty an impofition of two pennies Scots upon all ale and beer brewed and fold in the city of Glafgow and privileges thereof, for fatisfying the damages and Ioffes which Daniel Campbell, efqy lately fuffered in a riot there.

MOST gracious Sovereign* Whereas tbeir late majeflies King William and Queen Mary, and her late majefly Queen Anne, and the fates of parliament of Scotland, in the years one thoufand fix hundred and ninety three and one thoufand feven hundred and five,	,

did grant and continue to the city of Glafgow an impofition of two pennies Scots (over and above the duties then payable to the crown) upon each,pint of ale and beer to be brewed* in brought* vended* tapped and fold within the fold city* and other places in the faid aft mentioned* for feveral tyrms of years free expired; and by an aft of the ,Geo.i.ftat.a. firfi year of your Mqjefifs reign it is* amongft other things, enaft- * ^ ea* That fuch and the like rates* duties and impofitions* as by the ’ . * aft pajjed in the parliament of Scotland upon the fifteenth day of June one thoufand fix hundred and ninety three* were granted* and which were continued by another aft of the parliament held in Scotland upon the one and twentieth day of September one thoufand feven hundred and five, upon each Scots pint of ale and beer* to be either brewed or brought in* vended* tapped and fold within the faid city* liberties and Juburbs thereof (excepting ale and beer tint Jhould be brewed and vended in the Gorballs, or any other lands within the faid cities or privileges* that are taxed to the publici within the Jlire)

Jhall be further continued* and be paid and payable to the magifirates and town-council of the faid city of Glafgow, and their JiicceJfors in office* for their ufe and behoof* and that from and after the expiration of the term of years* contained in the faid aft pajfed in the parliament of Scotland upon the one and twentieth day of September one thoufand feven hundred and five* until the firft day of November one thoufand feven hundred and thirty eight: and whereas Daniel Campbell, ejq* a member of the boufe of commons of Great Britain, fufiainedgreat Ioffes and damages in a late riot at Glafgow, on account of the concern he had* or was fuppofed to have	*

had* in promoting the aft for hying a duty upon malt for the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty fives and it being jujl and

rea-

318	Anno	duodecimo	Georgii	I.	c.28.	[1725.

reasonable that the (aid damages and UJJes Jbould be made geod and repaired te the faid Daniel Campbell, we your Majefty’s moil dutiful and loyal fubjeSs, the commons or Great Britain in parliament aflembled, do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enaAed, &c.

After 24. June 1726, the impofition of two pennies Scott on beer brewed in Glafgow no longer payable to that city: but veiled in his Majefty- To be under the management of the commilfioners of excife. On payment of 60S0I. Glafgow difcharged. Daniel Campbell to be paid out of the revenues.

CAP. XXVIII.

An ail for the improvement of bis Majefty'$ revenues of at-ftomsj excife and inland duties.

jGeo. r.c, si. \}if H E R E A S in and by an ail made and pajfedin the fifth year V V of bis prefent Majefty*s reign, feveral penalties were infixed on officers of the revenue, and others concerned in mating couuftvt feizures of foreign goods, andfor giving rewards to perfons difeover-ing the fame\ notivithftanding which fuch practices are ftitl carried on, to the diminution of his Majefty*s revenues and the detriment of the fair traders: for the better preventing whereof, with refpelt to tea, coffee, foreign brandy, rum or other foreign excifeable liquors, be it enadted bv the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice ana cqnfent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty After »4 June fourth day of June in the year of our Lord one thoufand leven Mods 1to be hundred an<* twenty fix, it lhall and may be lawful to and for proceeded a- the refpedtive commilfioners of the cuftom9, excife and inland gainft by the duties, to caufe all fuch goods which (hall be feized by any of-uws in force.; ficers of the cuftoms or excife, and inland duties or otners, for unlawful importation, or for nonpayment of duties, or for any other caufe of forfeiture, to be proceeded againft according to foref^i^d* t*lc kvera* iaws now *n force concerning the fame; and the faid hoTto be foli! rcfp^ive commilfioners may caufe all fuch tea and coffee, which ' (hall be feized within the limits of the city of London or Edm-burghy and condemned, to be publickly fold there refpedtivdy; and for fuch tea and coffee as lhall be leized in any other ports or places within this kingdom, the faid commilfioners may caufe the fame, after condemnation, to be brought to and publickly fold in the faid cities of London or Edinburgh refpedtively; and for all fuch foreign brandy, rum or other foreign excifeable liquors, which (hall be feized for nonpayment of duty, or for being pro* hibited to be imported, the faid refpedtive commilfioners (nail, after condemnation, caufe the fame to be publickly fold to the bed bidder, at fuch places as the faid commilfioners (hall think proper ; any law, cuftom or ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

Officers to II. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, have one third That the officer of the cuftoms or excife, and inland duties, or tbcfi^r°m ot^er P^011 mak^nBfach feizurc, (hall, for his encouragement,

be

3*9

1725*] Anno duodecimo Gt0R6111, c. 28.

be allowed by the laud refpeftive commiffioners, one third part of the full fum arifing from the publick fale of all fuch tea, coffee, foreign brandy, rum or other excifeable liquors, free from all charges of condemnation and fale.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the autho- Tea not rity aforefaid. That the faid refpeftive commiffioners, if they (hall Jf01? ?*• P** think fit, may caufe fuch tea, as cannot be fold at a publick fale burnt*

for five (hillings the pound weight, to be burnt or otherwife de-ftroyed, and the officer or other perfon making the feizure, to be rewarded in fuch manner as the faid commiffioners (hall think proper, fuch reward not exceeding one (hilling and Ax pence for each pound weight of fuch tea.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. Remainder of That the commiffioners of the cuftoms (hall caufe the remain- the produceof ing part of the produceof fuch (ales, after paying the reward to ^j^^the the officer, and the charges of condemnation and fale for fuch exchequer, feizure* as are made by any officer of the cuftoms, to be paid.

into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, in lieu of his Ma-jefty’s moiety, as now praftifed; any law, cuftom or ufage to tbe contrary notwithftanding.

V.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the Remainder of commiffioners of excife or inland duties, mall caufe the remain-to ing part of the produce of fuch fales, after paying the reward to

the officer, and the charges of condemnation, and other necef- p fary charges, for fuch feizures as are made by any officer of excife, and inland duties, to be paid as now praftifed, in lieu of the King’s moiety; any law, cuftom or ufege to the contraiy notwithftanding.

VI.	And the better to prevent any imbezilment of fuch goods No cuftom of* after feizure, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That no ficer entitled to officer of the cuftoms, or other perfon, (hall be entitled to any

reward given on the feizure of any fuch goods by virtue of this ^next excife^ aft, unlefs notice thereof be by him given to the next officer of officer, excife, or to the fupervifor of the diftnft where fuch feizure (hall be made, within forty eight hours after feizure, who (hall be o-bliged on fuch notice to take a particular account of the fpecies and quantities of fuch goods; nor (hall fuch goods be afterwards Nor goods reremoved without a permit or certificate figned by fuch officer of movedwhhoot excife and inland duties, or fupervifor of the place or diftrift from pwnut. whence fuch goods are to be removed, under the penalties of fuch goods being refeized as forfeited by any other officers of the cuftoms, or by any officer of excife and inland duties; and fuch refeizures (hall and may be fued for, profecuted and recovered by virtue of this aft, or any other law now in force relating to the cuftoms or excife, and inland duties.

VII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. No officer to That if any officer of the cuftoms, excife or inland duties, (hall ^ 5n deal or traae in tea, coffee, or in brandy, or other excifeable li- 4 bran* quors, fuch officer (hall not only lofe his faid office or employ- 9 ment, but alfo forfeit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds to any per- »

fon who (hall inform or fue for the feme, and be likewife rendred

in-

3*0

Anno duodecimo GioRdii I. fc. 28.	[17251

incapable of having any place or imployment in any branch of his Majefty's revenue for the future, which lad penalties and forfeitures (hall and may be filed for, profecuted and recovered by adtion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVeftminfter, or in his Majefty’s court of exchequer at Edinburgh in Scotland refpedively.

VIII.	And be it declared and enadted by the authority afore-Onusprobandifcid, That if any foreign goods (hall be feized for nonpayment for foreign of duties, or any other caufe of forfeiture, arid any difpute (hall goodstoiieonarife, whether the cuftoms, excife or inland duties have been the owner. pay for the fame> or thc fame have been lawfully imported, or legally compounded for or condemned, or concerning the place from whence fuch goods were brought, then and in fuch cafes the proof thereof (hall lie on the owner or claimer of fuch goods, and not on the officer, who (hall feize or ftop fuch goods; any thing in an adt of parliament made in the fixth year of his Ma-6 Geo. t.c.n. jefty’s reign, intituled. An aft for preventing frauds and abujis in the publick revenues of excife, cuftoms, /lamp-avties, poft-office and boufe-monty> to the contrary notwithftanding.

~	IX.	Provided	always, and be it further enadted and declared

fue as the'law* by the authority aforefaid. That nothing in this adt contained aowftandin (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to hinder the refpedtive force.	officers, or other proper perfons, from fuing for, profecuting

and recovering the feveral penalties provided for by the fevenu laws as they now (land in force, with refpedt to tne goods or perfons aforementioned.

Tobacco feiz- X. And be 11 furt^er enacted by the authority aforefaid, ed, to be fold, That all tobacco feized for being prohibited, or for nonpayment and officer to of duty, (hall be after condemnation publiddy fold at.fuch places, hf th°,&l«l5rd as *be commiflioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in England or ° c • Scotland refpedtively (hall think proper; and that the officer, or other perfon authorized, making luch feizure, (hall for his encouragement be allowed one third part of the publick grofs fale of fuch tobacco, free from all charges of condemnation and fale.

Tobacco that XI. Provided always, and be it further enabled by the autho-will not fell for rity aforefaid. That the commiflioners of the cuftoms, if they the duties, to think fit, may caufe all fuch tobacco, as will not fell pu-be burnt, &c. bjiddy for the duties, to be burnt or otherwife deftroyed; and the officer, or fuch other perfon making fuch feizure, to be rewarded in fuch manner as they (hall think proper, not to exceed one penny per pound weight.

Produce of the	XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefiud,

Tales after That the faid commiflioners of the cuftoms (hall caufe the procharges, See. ducc 0f fucft fales, after paying the reward to the feizor, and the

theexSequer° c^iar?cs	ant^ falcs, to be Pa‘d *nto the receipt

q ’ of his Majefty’s exchequer, in lieu of his Majefty’s (hare; any law, cuftom or ufage to the contrary notwithftan&ng.

Tobacco XIII. And be it declared and enabled by the authority afore-ftalks pr^ii- faid. That all tobacco (talks or items ftript from the leaf, (hall bited. be prohibited to be imported; and on feizurp and condemnation

there-

3«

17251] Anno duodecimo GeoKGII I. c. 28.

thereof the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms (hall and may caufe the fame to be publickly burnt 3 and (hall and may allow the officer for his encouragement, in making the (azure, one. penny for every pound weight of fuch (talks or (terns fo feizedand condemned, clear of all charges of condemnation.

XIV.	And whereas by an aft pajfed in the eighth year of his pre- v*<n*TfC *** fent Majejty it is enafted, That every Jbtp, vejfel or boat, of f^tons^ or under burthen of forty tons of under, importing foreign brandy, arrack, fc\zed import-ftrong waters or fpirits, Jball be forfeited, with all her tackle, fur- ing brandy, niture and apparel 5 and after condemnation thereof the principal of *?•”**? ** ficers of the cujloms in the port or place, where the fame Jball be at officer

the time of condemnation, are thereby direfted to caufe the hull of * fuch Jhip, vejfel or boat to be burnt and wholly dejlroyea: and where-as by the fame aft it is likewife enafted, That tf any boat, wherry, pinnace, barge or galley rowing or made or built to row with more than four oars, Jball be found upon the water, or in any barge-boufe, work-boufe, Jhed, or other place within any of the counties of Mid-dlefex, Surrey, Kent or Eflcx, or in the river of Thames, either above or below London-Bridge, or within the limits of the ports of London, Sandwich or Ipfwich, or the members or creeks to thent or either of them refpeftively belonging (except as therein is excepted) fuch boat, wherry, pinnace, barge or galley, with all her tackle and furniture, JhaU be forfeited; and after condemnation thereof the principal officers of the cujloms in the port or place% where the fame Jball be at the time of condemnation, are thereby direfted to caufe fuch , boat, wherry, pinnace, barge or galley, to be burnt and wholly de-Jlroyed: and whereas it will be of fervice to his Majefty in his cuJlorHS to have the ufe of fuch /hips, vejfels, boats, wherries, pinnaces, barges or galhys, to prevent the foul traders carrying on their clan-define dejigns, in importing prohibited goods, and fraudulently landing goods liable to the payment of duties, or relanaing goods after the fame have beed /hipped for exportation •, be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms to caufe any fuch (hip, veflel, boat, wherry, pinnace, barge or galley (except as before is excepted) which (hall be feized for any of the reafons aforefaid and condemned, to be ufed by the officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms, in cafe the fame or any of them (hall be found to be of fervice, together with the tackle, furniture, apparel and materials belonging thereunto, the officer or officers who/eized the fame, being firft paid his or their (hare or (hares, according to the dire&ion of the before recited any law, ftatute or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the au-thorny aforefaid. That if the commiinonei s of his Majefty’s

cuftoms (hall not think fit, for his Majefty s fervice, to make (hall n>t think ufe of any fuch (hip, veflel, boat, wherry, pinnace, barge or fit to ufe fuch galley, that then and in fuch cafe the faid commiffioners (hall vcff*** -caufe the principal officers of the cuftoms, in the port or place where the fame (hall be at the time of condemnation, to fee the .	.

hull thereof burnr, as if this aS had never been made.

. Vol. XV.	Y	XVI. And

Anno duodecimo Georgii I. C. 28.	[17*5.

Juftices where XVI. And whereas in purfuanee offeveral afts of parliament in* feizures are	formations are exhibited before the juftices of the peace, on feizxm

minifter an	ma^e h °fficers °f the wf0™* Jalt> **ctfe% or inland duties, of

oath to the	goods clandeflinely run, or being prohibited» and of vejjfehy boats,

perfons to view carriages, horfes* and other cattle7 in order to their hearing andde-them, and re- termining the fame; and it being necejfary in order thereunto, that 2cT “c a proper valuation be put thereon before the fame are condemned\ a-grcable to the practice now ufed in his Majefty's court of exchequer \ be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That one or more ju-ftice or juftices of the peace, of the county or place where fuch feizure (hall be made, (hall have power to adminifter an oath to fuch perfon or perfons, as they think proper, who fhall be (killed in the nature and value of the gpods, veflels, boats, carriages, horfes, and other cattle, mentioned to have been feized in the information or informations exhibited before any juftices of the peace, to view the fame, and to make a return of the fpecies, quantity, quality, and value thereof, to fuch juftices of the peace, in a limited time; and after the goods, veflels, boats, carriages, horfes, and other cattle, fhall be condemned by the judgment of fuch juftices of the peace, the fame fhall be publickly fold to the beft bidder, at fuch places, and at fuch times, as the faid refpe&ive commiffionersvfhall think proper ; any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanaing.

XVII. And for the better preventing frauds in the entring for exportation any goods, whereon there is a drawback, boun-bak, whereon ty or premium, or of goods prohibited to be worn or ufed there is a here, or pepper, to the prejudice of the revenue; be it further drawback, &c. enabled by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any fearcher, or other proper officer or the cuftoms, after the entry of any of the faid goods, and before or after the (hipping thereof, to open and ftridtly examine any bale, trufs, cheft, or other package, to fee if the goods are right entred ; and if on fuch examination the fame (hall be found to be right entred, the fearcher or other proper officer (hall, at his own charge, caufe the fame to be repacked (which charge fhall be allowed to the faid officer by the commiffioners of the cuftoms, if they think it reafonable) but in cafe the officer (hall on examination find fuch goods to be lefs in quantity or value than is exprefled in the exporter’s indorfement upon his entry, or that (hall be entred under a wrong denomination, whereby his Majefty would have been defrauded, all fuch goods may be feized, ana the fame (hall be forfeited and loft, and the owner or merchant (hall lofe the benefit of receiving the drawback or bounty for fuch goods, and the value thereof poods (hipped XVIII. And whereas great quantities of the goods and merchant tionwiSout &**** on which conftderable duties are due and payabit to Ins warrantor Majefty* and divers other forts of goods prohibited to be export-prefencMfr id* are by evil-di/pofed perfons frequently flipped for parts be* officer, rorfefc-' jond We fees* without the prefence of the proper officer of the cm* ft ones* to the great prejudice of the revenue, and all fair traders: for the preventing fo great an evil, be it enafted by the autho-

6	rity

Searcher after entry, to examine any

On difcovery or fraud may feise.

ed.

1725-] Anno duodecimo Georgii I. c. 28.	323

rity aforefaid, That if any fuch goods or merchandizes (hall be (hipped for parts beyond the Teas without a warrant, or without the prefence of an officer of the cuftoms appointed for that purpofe, all fuch goods and merchandizes, or the value thereof, (hall be forfeited and loft; one moiety whereof to the ufe of his Majefty, and the other moiety to him or them that will feize or fue for the fame; any law to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

XIX.	And whereas by an aft made and pajfed in the twelfth Goods

year of her late Majefiy's reign, it is enafted* That the commif-	{J1*®

fioners of the cuftoms for the time being Jball in all cafes, where warehoufes A-goods, are brought into his Majefty's flore-houfes for fecurity of the maining there cuftoms, or other duties due thereon, and which Jball have remained fix months to there for the fpace of twelve months, the duties not paid* compounded ** Jj*ld. -for, or otherwife fecured* caufe them to be publicity fold, and the pro-	£n*	#

duce to be applied as in the Jaid aft is dire fted: and whereas it is

found by experience that the [aid time is too long* feveral goods being liable to decay, and thereby lefjened in their value; be it therefore declared and enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the commiffioners of the cuftoms for the time being, to caufe all fuch goods, which are or (hall be brought into his Majefty’s warehoufes, and (hall have remained there for the fpace or fix months, to be publickly fold, and the produce to be applied as in the faid aft is direfted and appointed j any thing in the faid aft, or in any other aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

XX.	And zvbereas by an aft made in the fxtb year of his prefent Damaged Majejly^ it is amongft other things enafted* That any merchant* or wines to be other perfon* who Jball find his wine fo damaged* corrupt or unmer- *n^fo?d to be chantable, and Jhall think fit to fiave* fpill* or otherwife defiroy the djiniwi into fame, Jball* over and above the duties* be allowed as a compensation brandy.

for the freight* .and other charges* for every ton of wine of the growth *	»•

of Germany, or wines which pay duty as fuch* and of the growth of France, the fum of four pounds; ana wines of the growth of Spain, Portugal, or elfewhere* the fum of eight pounds per ton ; which allowances have been by experience found too great* feveral per-fons having found it their interefi to import mean and corrupt wines, for the fake only of the faid allowances* to the lejfening of his Maje~ fiy's revenue: for the better preventing whereof, be it further en-afted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful for the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms, to caufe fuch wines as any merchant or other perfon (hall refufe to pay or fecure the duties for, as being damaged, corrupt or unmerchantable, to be received into the cuftody of proper officers of * the cuftoms, together with the calks or other package containing the fame, and put into proper warehoufes; and the faid commiffioners are hereby impowered to caufe fuch wines, in-(lead of their being (laved, fpilt, or otherwife deftroyed, by virtue of the faid aft of the fixth year of his Majefty’s reign, to be publickly fold, in order to be diftilled into brandy, or to be made into vinegar, taking fufficient fecurity to his Majefty’s ufe,

Y 2	that

324,	Anno	duodecimo	Georgii	I.	c.	28.	[	1725.

that fuch wines be not made ufe of for any other purpolc what-The produce foever; fuch fecurity to be difeharged on a proper certificate, ®f the fale to that fuch wines have been fo made ufe of within three months merchant not a^ter ^amc ^a^ ^ave *>ecn delivered out °f fuch warehoufes j exceeding the and the commiflioners of the cuftoms (hall caufe the produce allowances of fuch fale, without fee or reward, to be paid to the merchant, 6Geo. 1. c.u. or other perfon, as a compenfation for the freight, and other charges of fuch wine, not exceeding the allowances aforefaid; and in cafe there (hall be any overplus arifing by fuch fale, beyond the faid allowances for freight, and other charges, the faid commiflioners (hall caufe the fame to be replaced to the duties, out of which the charges of warehoufe rent, and other ,	charges	attending	the	keeping	and felling the faid wines, are or

(hall be paid; any law, cuftom or ufage to the contrary not-withftanding.

No drawback XXI. And whereas great futns of money are paid out of his Mo-for nibacc^ory^^ duties of cufioms on account of debentures for tobacco, and other toTiie'lSe of' foretZn l00^ Gn^ merchandizes jhipt for exportation to the Ifle of Man, after Man ; and it being found by experience, that the greatejt part if 14 July 17*6. fuch tobacco, and other foreign commodities, are Jhipt for the Ifle of Man, with no other intent than fraudulently to reland the fame on the coajl of Great Britain or Ireland, by which evil practices bis Majefly’s revenues of cufioms are very much leffened, and the fm traders prejudiced and difeouraged in their trade: for remedy whereof, be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That no drawback (hall be allowed for any tobacco, or other foreign goods or commodities whatfoever, exported after the twenty fourth day of July in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty fix, from Great Britain or Ireland to the IJle of Man; any law, cuftom or ufage to the contrary notwithltand-

mg..

No commodi- XXII. And be it further enaefted by the authority aforefaid, the ’ rowtij1 ° ^hat no tQbacco, wine, brandy, Eaji-India, or other goods or let oTtheifle commodities whatfoever, other than fuch as are of the growth, of Man, to be product or manufadture of the Ifle of Many (hall be brought brought into from the faid ifland, after the faid twenty fourth day of July,

^Ireland *nto ^npJ°ms °f Great Britain or Ireland, or within the li-or re an . mits of any port thereto belonging, on any pretence whatfoever;

and in cafe any (hip, veffel or boat, having on board any fuch goods brought from the faid Ifle of Man (except as aforefaid) (hall be found within the limits of any port of Great Britain or Inland, or difeovered to have been within the limits of any port of Great Britain or Ireland as aforefaid, whether bulk has been broke or not, having fuch goods on board as aforefaid, fuch (hip, veflel or boat, together with the tackle, apparel and furniture, and alfo all fuch goods fo found on board, or the the value thereof, (hall be forfeited and loft ; and every perfon who (hall take any fuch commodities (except as aforefaid) out of any (hip, veflel or boat, coming from the Ifle of Man, within the limits of any port as aforefaid, or carry the fartc 00 (here, or convey the fame from the lhore when landed, contrary

Penalty.

1725-] Anno duodecimo Georgii I. C. 28.	325

trary to the true intent and meaning of this a6l, or be aiding or affifting therein, (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, or fuffer fix months imprifonment, at the difcretion of the court, in which he (hall be convi&ed of fuch offence.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, gntring fo-That if any merchant or other perfon (hall, after the faid four reign good* and twentieth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and for exporta-twenty fix, enter any foreign goods for exportation, to parts be- ^ drawback^111 yond the feas, other than to the faid IJU of Man, in order to *n(j ianding obtain the drawback for the fame, ana fuch goods (hall never- them in the thelefs be carried to the faid ifland and there landed, contrary Me of Man, to the true intent and meaning of this adt, that then and in

fuch cafe, the exporter of fuch goods (hall forfeit the drawback* or the amount thereof, paid or to be paid for the fame, as alio ^ the treble value of the faid goods; and the mailer of the (hip or veffel on board which fuch goods (hall be (hipt and landed as aforefaid, (hall be fubjed and liable to the fame penalties and forfeitures, and (hall alfo fuffer fix months imprifonment, without bail or mainprize.

XXIV.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That ife of Man to

from and after the faid four and twentieth day of July one thou- be added to fand feven hundred and twenty fix, the IJle of Man (hall be	5nfal1

added to, and included in the oath, upon all debentures for forcjgnU^od» foreign goods exported, whereon the exporter is to fwear that exported/^ fuch goods are not landed, or intended to be landed in Great

Britain, or Ireland refpedively, without which the officers of the cuftoms (hall not fuffer the debentures to pafs; any law or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXV.	And for the better enabling his Majefty to prevent Xreafury \n the faid frauds and abufes, in the exporting or importing goods behalf of the and merchandizes to and from the IJU of Man, be it further en- crown, may aded by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be law- ***** for the ful to and for the commiffioners of his Majefty’s tre?fyry now or

for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the lord |ge Df Njan. high treafurer for the time being, on the behalf of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and alfo to and for the right honourable James earl of Derby, his tenants or affigns, the right honourable John lord AJhburnham^ for and on behalf of his daughter Henrietta Bridget AJhburnham, an infant, Bryan Fairfax, efquire, truftee for the faid infant, or the furvivor of them, and all or any other perfon or perfons claiming or to claim by, from, or under the (aid earl, or any of his anceftors, to treat, contract and agree for the abfolute purchafe or fide, rcleafe or furrender, to or for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, of all or any eftate, right, title or intereft, which he the faid earl, his tenant, the faid Henrietta Bridget AJhburnham, or fuch other perfon or perfons now have or claim, or can or may have or claim in or to the faid ifland or lord(hip of Man, or in or to all or any regalities, powers, honours, fuperiorities, jurisdictions, rights, privileges, duties, cuftoms, revenues, profits, or other advantages whatfoever, ip* over, or about the faid IJtand

Y3	of

326	Anno	duodecimo Georgii I. c. 28.	[1725.

of Man, or its dependencies, for fuch fum or fums of money or upon fuch other terms or conditions as they (hall think fitting ; and that upon the executing of fuch contracts or agreements by or on the behalf of the faid earl, his tenants, the faid Henrietta Bridget AJhburnbam% or fuch other perfon or perfons claiming or to claim under him, or any of his anceftors as afore-faid, or upon executing fuch other conveyances, alignments, . releafes or furrenders, as in fuch contrad or contracts (hall be agreed on for that purpofe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiflioners of the treafury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treafur-cr for the time being, and they are hereby impowered by and out of any monies arifen or to arife to his Majefty, his heirs or fucccflors, of or for any cuftoms, fubfidies, impofitions, or other duties upon the importation or exportation of any goods or merchandizes whatfoever already granted or payable, or hereafter to be granted or payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, in Great Britain, Wales or Berwick upon Tweedy to order and dired the payment of fuch fum or'fums of money, from time to time, as (nail be fo contracted or agreed on for fuch purchafe or purchafes, to fuch perfon or perfons as, according to the terms of fuch contrads or agreements, (hall be entitled to have and receive the fame.

Henrietta XXVI. And it is hereby further enaded and declared by the Bridget A(h- authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for withftandng ^ Henrietta Bridget Ajbbumham^ notwithftanding her miller minority, nority, by and with the confent of the faid John lord Afkburn-bam her father, and the faid Bryan Fairfax, or the furvivor of them, to convey and aflure all her eftatc and intereft in the lft of Many and premifles aforefaid, or any part thereof, purfuant to any contrad or agreement, which (hall be madft by virtue of the powers in this ad given ; and fuch conveyance or af-furance (hall be good ana effedual in law, to all intents and purpofes, as if the faid Henrietta Bridget AJhburnham was of the full age of one and twenty years; any law, cuftom or ufage to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding: and the money to be paid as the confideration of fuch conveyance, (hall be paid to fuch perfon as the high court of chancery (hall dired, and when paid, (hall be laid out by the diredion of the faid court of chancery for the benefit or the faid Henrietta Bridget AJbhurnhamy her executors, adminiftrators and aftigns.

* XXVII. And be it further cnaded by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty third day of May one thoufand feven hundred and twenty fix, if any perfon or perfons that now is or are, or (hall be in prifon for want of fufficient bail dfe or fait, not (fuch perfon or perfons being taken by Capias or Capias's iffued pleading by out of his Majefty’s court of exchequer, or any other his Ma-jefty’s courts of record at IVcJlminJler or Edinburgh) upon any information or informations exhibited in any of the faid courts againft them or any of them, for having been aiding, aflifting, or otherwife concerned in the unthipping out of any (hip or vrf-

h

may convey her eftate therein.

Perfons in pri-(on on information relating to the cuftoms, ex

the fpace of one term, judgment to be entred b default, am

J

1725*] Anno duodecimo Georcii I. c. 28.	327

fel, (hips or veflels, boat or boats, with intention to he laid on execution land, any fort of goods or merchandizes whatfoever, liable to the payment of any duties whatfoever, either cuftoms, excife eftatef or fait, or any goods or merchandizes prohibited to be imported into this kingdom, or for having any fuch goods or merchandizes whatfoever knowingly come to his or their hands ; or upon any information or informations for non-payment of duties relating to the cuftoms, excife or falt-duty ; or upon any information or informations already exhibited, or to be exhibited in any of the faid courts, in relation to any fraud or frauds about any drawback or certificate goods or merchandizes, or* in relation to any other fraud or frauds whatfoever, already committed or to be committed, in order to diminifh or leflen . the revenue of the cuftoms, excife or falt-duty, or upon any penal law or ftatute whatfoever, relating to the faid revenues ; and (hall refufe or negledt to appear or plead to any fuch information or informations to be delivered to fuch perfon or perfons, or to the gaoler, keeper or turnkey of the prifon or prifons, at the prifon or prifons wherein luch perfon or perfons (hall be confined or imprifoned for any of the faid of- * fences, by the fpace of one term, judgment (hall be entred a-gainft him or them by default; and in cafe judgment (hall be obtained againft any fuch perfon or perfons by default, verdi&, or otherwife, and (uch perfon or perfons (hall not pay the fum recovered againft him or them for any of the faid offences, execution (hall be thereupon awarded and iffued, not only againft the body or bodies of fuch perfon or perfons fo in prilon as a-forefaid, but alfo againft all the real and perfonal eftate or eftates of fuch perfon or perfons, though fuch perfon or perfons continue in prifon for fuch fum or fums of money fo to be recovered againft him or them$ any law, cuftom or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

.XXVIII. And whereas great quantities of prohibited goods* and No informa-goods liable to the payment of cuftoms, excife or falt-duty, are by evil- h°n t0 bc filed difpofed perfons fraudulently landed in this kingdom, and goods pre- oTwwt^nStv tended to be Jhipped outwards, entitled to a drawback or bounty, are by the laws of frequently not Jhipt, or after the Jbipping thereof reloaded, whereby the cuftoms, they become liable to feveral penalties $ but knowing themfelves fubjeft &c. unlefs en-to be profecuted for the faid offences, and that their fraudulent prac-	eene-*"

tices may in time be difeovered, do frequently, before any difeovery rarsname, or can be made by the officers of the rrjenues, caufe informations to be of fome offi-entred and filed againfi themfelves in fome of the courts at Weftmi n- cer. fter or Edinburgh, in the name of fome perfon or perfons, on bis* her or their behalf \ and if no difeovery be made of the faid fraudulent practices by the officers of the revenues, the faid informations are never profecuted; but in cafe the faid frauds are difeovered by any officer or officers of the revenues, who thereupon enter and file real informations againfi fuch offender and offenders, then either Jome fie-cret agreement or agreements is or are made by fuch offender or offenders with fuch perfon or perfons, who have filed or exhibited fuch informations on the behalf of fuch offender or offenders, or elfe«

elfe a plea or

3*8

No dealer in cocoa-nuts to difpofe of lefs than iS lb. at one time,

and to enter in a book,to whom all po-cof-nuts are fold, to be peril fed by the officer.

Anno duodecimo Georg ji I. c. 28.	1 [1725.

or fleas of priority offuit is or are pleaded in bar of fitch real informations proficuted by the officers of the revenues, whereby the find offenders evade the feveral penalties inflicted by law, to the great prejudice of the crown, and alfo to the difcouragement of real profit-cations; for the prevention of fuch fraudulent pradices, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the twenty third day of May one thoufand feven hundred and twenty fix, it (hall not be lawful for any perfon or petfons whatfoever, to enter, or caufe or procure to be entred, filed or profecuted, any information or informations in any of the faid courts againft any perfon or perfons for the recovery of any penalty or penalties inflidted by any of the laws of the cuftoms, excife, and the duty upon fait, unlefs the fame be entred, filed, and profecuted in the name of his Majefty’s attorney general, or in the name or names of fome officer or officers of lome or one of the aforefaid revenues of cuftoms, excife or falt-duty: and if any information or informations is or are entred in any other perlon’s name or names than as is before-mentioned, the fame, and all proceedifigs thereupon had, are hereby declared to be null and void ; and the faid court or courts where ftjch information or informations is, are or (hall be fo entred, filed or profecuted, (hall not permit or fuffer any proceeding or proceedings to be had thereupon, and (hall caufe fuch information or informations to be taken off the file; any law, cuftom or ufage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. And for preventing the frauds of fuch chocolate maters, who buying fimafl quantities of cocoa-nuts, do clandefiincly mate the fame into chocolate, and in like manner fell and difpofe of the chocolate fo tnade, without paying the inland duty thereon, whereby his Maje-Jly is defrauded of and in the faid inland duty on chocolate; be it e-natfed by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the twenty fourth day of. June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty' fix, no feller of, trader or dealer in cocoa-nuts, (hall in any parcel or parcels fell, deliver out or difpofe of lefs than the quantity of twenty eight pounds weight or cocoa-nuts at the leaft, at any one time or times ; and further, that from time to time, and at all and every time and times when fuch feller of, trader or dealer in cocoa-nuts, (hall either fell, deliver out or difpofe of any parcel or parcels of cocoa-nuts, of twenty eight pounds weight or more, the party or parties fo felling, deliver-in out or difpofing of fuch cocoa-nuts, (hall enter or caufe to be entred down an account in writing, of the chriftian and fur-name and names, and place and places of abode of the perfon and perfons to whom, or to or for whofe ufe, or for or upon whole account fuch cocoa-nuts (hall be fo fold, delivered out or difpofed of; and upon demand or requeft made by any officer or officers of and for the inland duties on chocolate, (hall produce fuch account or accounts to fuch officer or officers, and (ball permit him or them nut only to infpedt and perufe the faracj but alfo thereout and therefrom to take an account of the name

2	and

1735.]	.	Anno	duodecimo	Georgii I. c. 28.	329

and names, place and places of abode of the perfon and pcrfons to whom or for whofe ufe, or for or upon whofe account fuch cocoa-nuts (hall be or (hall have been fold, delivered out or dif-fpofed of, on pain of forfeiting and lofing the fum of twenty pounds for every pound of cocoa-nuts, which (hall either be fold, delivered out or difpofed of in any parcel or parcels not containing or amounting in the whole to twenty eight pounds of cocoa-nuts at the lead, or which (hall be, or (nail have been fo fold, delivered out or difpofed of, without entring down, or caufing to be entred down in fuch account or accounts in writing as aforefaid, the name and names, and place and places of abode, of the perfon and perfons to whom or to or for whofe ' ufe, or for or upon whofe account fuch cocoa nuts (hall be or (hall have been fo fold, delivered out or difpofed of; and on pain of forfeiting and lofing the fum of twenty pounds every and each time and times, when fuch feller of, trader or dealer in cocoa-nuts (hall refafe to permit fuch officer or officers for the faid inland duties, to infpedt and perufe fuch account or accounts as aforefaid, or thereout pr therefrom to take fuch account or accounts as aforefaid.

XXX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, No officer of That from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thou- cxcifefubjeft fand feven hundred and twenty fix, no gauger or officer of his not^<»vinea Majefty’s duties, either of excife or of any other duty, which copyofcharge, at this time are or hereafter (hall be under the management of unldtrequiicd his Majefty’s commiflioners of excife, either as commiflioners m writing, of excife and commiflioners of other refpe&ive duty or duties,

or as commiflioners of any fuch duty or duties, (hall be liable or fubjetft to any penalty or forfeiture whatfoever, for omitting or negle&ing to deliver or leave^ or for not delivering or leaving a copy or copies of any charge or charges made by fuch gauger or gaugers, officer or officers, for or on account of the (aid duties or any of them refpedtively, unlefs fuch copy or copies (hall by the refpedtive party or parties entitled, or that (hall be by law entitled to have fuch copy or copies, or by his, her or their order or orders, be required and demanded in writing, of and from fuch gauger or guagers, officer or officers refpec-tively; any law or ufage to the contrary thereof in any wife not-withftanding.

XXXI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Ho a&ion for That no altion, bill, information or plaint, (hall be brought or fuch^fiencc, profecuted againft any fuch gauger or gaugers, officer or

ficers, for any fuch laft mentioned offence or negledt, unlefs the before	A•

fame (hall be commenced before the twenty feventh day of y/- pril 17*6. pril in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty fix.

XXXII.	And tvhereas difeoveries have been lately made of great

quantities of foreign goods, liable to the payment of cujioms, excife or the duties on Jalt, which have been clandejlinely imported without pay-ing the fame; but the fafis not being dijeovered within the time pre• feribed by law for profecutions to be fommenced, for the penalties by ’ ’ ‘	#	law

Treafury may compound for debts for the cuftoms of clandeftinely imported goods before ii May 1713.

Abw forfeitures to be recovered, &c.

Anno duodecimo Georoii I. c. 28.	[1725.

law impofed fir fuch offences, bis Majefty can only ptofecute fir the duties in the name of his attorney general, by informations in nature of actions of debt fir recovery thereof; and whereas feveral perfons againjl whom fuch informations in nature of attions of debt have been or may be brought, cannot pay the full fum they are or may be fued for rcfpeftively* the fame amounting in many cafes to very large fums* but may be die to pay fome part thereof in cafe a compofition could be made with them for the fame; be it e-na&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the commiftioners of his Majefty’s treafury or any three or more of them, or the lord high treafurer, or the com-miflioners of the treafury for the time being, or any three or more of them, to make luch compofitions or agreements, as to him or them (hall feem reasonable, for any fuch debts incurred by any perfons, for the cuftoms or other duties of goods fo clandeftinely imported as aforefaid before the twelfth day of Msy in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, and upon payment of the compofition-money, to caufe the remainder of the debt fo compounded for, to be effectually difchargcd, and the compofition-money fo paid, to be applied or appropriated, in proportion to the (everal branches to which the fame doth or may belong$ any law, ftatute or uiage to the contrary in any wile notwithftanding.

XXXIII.	And it is hereby further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That all forfeitures and penalties by this ad impofed for any offence which (hall be committed, relating to any part of his Majefty’s revenues under the management of the com-miflioners of excife, or inland duties in Great Britain, (hall be fued for, levied and recovered or mitigated by fuch ways, means and methods, as any fine, penalty and forfeiture is or may be recovered or mitigated, by any law or laws relating to his Ma-( jefty’s revenues of excifc or any of them or by adion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVeJlminfler or the court of exchequer at Edinburgh respectively (except where it is otherwife provided for by this ad) and all forfeitures and penalties by this ad impofed for any offence which lhall be committed relating to any part of his Majefty’s revenues under the management of the commiflioners of his M jefty’s cuftoms in Great Britain, (hall and may be recovered by adion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVeflminfler or the. court of exchequer at Edinburgh refpedively, except where it is other-wife provided for by this ad ; and that all forfeitures and penalties hereby impofed for any offence which (hall be committed in the kingdom of Ireland, contrary to this ad, (hall be fued for, recovered and levied by fuch ways, means and methods, as any penalty or forfeiture is or may be fued for or recovered by virtue of any law or laws in force in Ireland* relating to his Majefty’s revenue there, and one moiety of all fuch forfeitures and penalties impofed by this ad, (hall be to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and*the other moiety thereof to him or them

33*

1725.] Anno duodecimo GeoRGii I. c. 29.

who (hall fetze, inform or foe for the fame, except in foch cafes where it is otherwife directed by this adt.

XXXIV.	And it is hereby enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That if any perfon or perfons (hall be fued, molefted or profe-	j<r

cuted for any thing done by virtue or in purfoance of this ad,-0*0*”1 ae# foch perfon or perrons (hall and may plead the general iffiie, and give this adt, and the fpecial matter in evidence in his defence ; and if afterwards a verdidt (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff (hall difcontinue his adtion, or be nonfuited, or judgment (hall be given againft him upon demurrer or otherwife, then foch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cods awarded to him or them againft foch plaintiff.

CAP. XXIX.

An all to prevent frivolous and vexatious arrefts.

FO R the more effedlual preventing frivolous and vexatious *gjj arrefts, be it enadted by'the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and 5	7#

temporal and commons in this prefent parliament affembled, to ^ and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the held to fpecial twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and haul in a fupe-twenty fix, no perfon (hall be held to fpecial bail upon any *****un" procels Killing out of any foperior court, where the caufe ofacr 10 * adtion (hall not amount to the fum of ten pounds or upwards $ ^ .n an ^ nor out of any inferior court, where the caufe of adtion (hall not court/ amount to the fum of forty (hillings or upwards; and that in under 40 s. all cafes, where the caufe of adtion (hall not amount tp the fum of ten pounds or upwards in any foch foperior court, or tofi . -forty (hillings or upwards in any foch inferior court (and the cd pcrfonaiw" plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall proceed by the way of procefs againft vwit{Ta copy of the perfon) he, (he or they (hall not arreft or caufe to be ar- the procels. refted, the body of the defendant or defendants, but (hall ferve him, her or them perfonally, within the jurisdidtion of the court, Not appcar. with a copy of the procefsj and if fuch defendant or defendants jngf lhall not appear at the return of the procefs or within four may enter a days after foch return, in fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful common ap-to and for the plaintiff or plaintiffs, upon affidavit being made, and filed in the proper court, of the perfohal fervice of foch procefs as aforefaid (which faid affidavit (hall be filed gratis) to enter a common appearance or file common bail for the defendant or defendants, and to proceed thereon, as if fuch defendant or defendants had entred his, her or their appearance, or filed common bail; any law or ufage to the contrary notwith-ftanding.	Where the#

II.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, c*11^ °f That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June one e^^ds^tro thoufand feven hundred and twenty fix, in all cafes where the be made plaintiff or plaintiffs caufe of adtion (hall amount to the fum of thereof, and ten pounds, or forty (hillings or upwards as aforefaid, affidavit (urn in-(hall be made and filed of foch caufe of adtion (which affidavit may be made before any judge or commiffioner of the court, out ^ of which fuch procefs (hall ifliie, authorized to take affidavits in

fuch

332	Anno	duodecimo Georgii I. c. 29.	[1725,

fiich courts, or elfe before the officer who (hall ifliie fuch procefs or his deputy, which oath fuch officer or his deputy are hereby impowered to adminifter;) and for fuch affidavit one (hilling over and above the (lamp-duties (hall be paid and no more; and the fum or fums fpecified in fuch affidavit (hall be .indorfed on the back of fuch writ or procefs, for which fum or fums fo indorfed, the (heriff or other officer to whom fuch writ or procefs (hall be directed, (hall take bail, and for no more: but if after the faid twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty fix, any writ or procefs (hall iflue for the fum of ten pounds or upwards, and no affidavit and indorsement (hall be made as aforefaid, the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall not proceed to arreft the body of the defendant or defendants, but (hall proceed in like manner, as is by this a61 diredted in cafes where the caufe of adtion does not amount to the fum of ten pounds, or forty (hillings or upwards as a-forefaid.

tijac. i.c. tj. HI. Whereas the ftatute made in the twenty firjl year of the reign of King James the Firjl, for the more effectual preventing the delays and expences occafioned by the removal of fmall eaufes out of inferior courts, has been of late evaded and rendered ineffectual, by the contrivance of vexatious defendants, who by fetting up a fUlitms action againf themfelves, for a pretended demand of five pounds or upwards, by fuch their contrivance procure the fmalle/l actions to be removed by writs of habeas corpus, out of the inferior into the fu-perior courts, whereby the plaintiffs,. in Juch fmall actions, which will not bear the expence of fuch J'uperior courts, are necejfitated to fubmit to the lofs of their jujl demands \ now for preventing fuch abufes, and rendring the laid ftatute more effectual for the fu-rior*courts^ turc» lX ena<^ec* % the authority aforefaid. That from and may proceed a^ter ^1C feW f°ur a°u twentieth day of June the judge or judges intuits not ex- of fuch inferior courts, as are dcfcribed in the faid ftatute, (hall ceeding 5I. or may proceed in fuch actions, bills, plaints, fuits or eaufes as ma° be other arc therein fpecified, which appear or are laid, not to exceed a&ionshigher. f3^ fum °f ^vc pounds, although there may be other actions againft fuch defendant or defendants, wherein the plaintiff or plaintiffs demands (hall or may exceed the faid fum of five pounds.

IV.	And for avoiding the great mifehiefs and abufes which vS^ot tor ar'k ^rom *n^amous an^ wicked perfons already convidted of gcry, &c.01~ w,Iful perjury or forgery, pradlifing as attornies or folicitors, in practifing as courts of law and equity ; be it enadted, That if any peifon attornies, See. who hath been or who (hall be convidted of forgery, or of wilful VI? a\* and corrupt perjury, or fubornation of perjury, or common bar-tobe tranf- * retry, (hall, after the faid four and twentieth day of June, a<ft ported. or pradtife as an attorney, or Solicitor or agent, in any fuit or adtion, brought or to be brought in any court of law or equity, within that part of Great Britain called England, the judge or judges of the court, where fuch fuit or adtion is or (hall be brought, (hall, upon complaint or information thereof, examine the matter in a fummary way in open court5 and if it (hall ap-

pcar

333

*725-l Anno duodecimo GeoRGiI I. 6.30, 31*

pear to the fatisfaftion of fuch judge or judges, that the perlon complained of, or againft whom fuch information (hall be given, hath offended contrary to this aft, fuch judge or judges (hall caufe fuch offender to be tranfported for (even years to fome or one of hi6 Majefty’s colonies or plantations in America^ by fuch Vrays, means and methods, and in fuch manner, and under fuch pains and penalties, as felons in other cafes are by law to be tranfported.

V.	Provided always. That this aft or any thing herein con- Not to extend tained, (hall not extend to that part of Great Britain calledto ScolIan®’

Scotland.

VI.	Provided alfo, and be it enafted by the authority afore-faid. That this aft (hall continue in force for the term of five years, and from thence to the end of the next feffion of parliament, and no longer.

for tbe continuance of this ad fie 5 Geo. a/ c. 17. Revived and made perpetual by 21 Geo. 2. c. 3.

CAP. XXX.

An aft for continuing an aft made in the ninth year of his •

Majefty's reign, intituled, An aft for the more effectual punching wicked and evil-difpofed perfons going armed in difguife, and doing injuries and violences to the perfons and properties of his Majefty’s fubjefts, and for the more fpeedy bringing the offenders to juftice.

WHERE AS tbe act herein after mentioned hath by experience been found ufeful and beneficial* and is near expiring; may it therefore pleafe your majefty that it may be enafted, and be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal .and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and 9 Geo. x.c.12. by the authority of the fame, that an aft made in the ninth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled. An aft for the more effeftual punifking wicked and evil-difpofed perfons going armed in difguife, and doing injuries and violences to the perfons and a ft 9 Geo. t. properties of his Majefty s fubjefts, and for the more fpeedy bringing continued for the offenders tojuftice, which aft was to continue in force for three 5	*c*

years, from the firft day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, and from thence to the end of the then next fef- m.Gco.ax.57. fion of parliament, (hall be, and is hereby continued from the expiration thereof, for and during the fpace of five years, and from thence to the end of the then next feftion of parliament.

CAP. XXXI.

An aft for the better regulatingjrials by Nifi Prius in the county 0/Middlefex.

WHEREAS in and by an aft of parliament made in theeigb-	c Ju

teenth year of the reign of §>ueen Elizabeth, intituled,, An aft for trial of Nifi prius in the county of Middlefex * power is re-

fpeftivtly

Anno duodecimo Georgii I.

The chief juftices or chief baron,

c.31.	[17*5.

fpeftively given to the thief jufice of the King’s bench, the chief juftice of the common pleas, and the chief baron^of the court of exchequer for the time beings and in the abfence or default of any of them, to two other judges or barons of the fame Jeveral courts, where itjhall happen either of the fame chief jujitcesy or chief baron for the time being, to be abfent, to try iffues as jujlices ^Nifi prius for the faid county of Middlefex within the term-time, or within four days next after the end of any term; and whereas the refraining the time for fuch trials, after the term9 to four days, hath frequently occafionei delay ofjuftice, and the requiring the prefence of two judges or baronsf in the abfence of any of them , the faid chief juficts or chief baron9 is found by experience to be very inconvenient; for remedy thereof. Be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritqal and temporal and commons, in parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the firft day of Eafer term in the year of our Lord one thoufand (even hundred and twenty fix, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the chief juftice of the King's and in their Bench, the chiefiuftice of the Common Pleas, and the chief baron t^ic court Exchequer for the time being, and every of them baron m term	anc* m *e abfence or default of iny of them, to arid

or within eight f°r any other j udge or baron of the faid feveral courts, where it days after,	(hall happen either of the faid chief juftices, or the chief baron

nuy try iffues for the time being, to be abfent, as juftices of Nif prius for the ^eo*! county ABddlefeXy within the term or within the fpaccof c#	*	*'	eight	days	after the end of any term refpeftively, to try all fuch

ifiues, as by the faid aft they or any of them are enabled to try, in fuch place and manner, and with and under fuch powers, authorities and provifions, as in and by the laid recited aft, or any other aft of parliament or law whatfoever concerning the pre-Shcrifft, Sec. mifles, are preferibed and contained $ any thing in the faid re-are to give at- cited aft to the contrary hereof in any wile notwithftanding. tendance. Sec. Jl. And be it further enafted by the authority afbrefaid. That provided EllZ‘ Sheriffs, officers, minifters, parties, witnefles, jurors and p 0	*	other	perfons	whatfoever,	who	by the faid recited aft were re- ‘

quired to give attendance upon the faid chief juftices and chief baron, or other judges and barons, or to make return of pro-ccfs, or do or execute any other matters or things whatfoever, relating to trials to be had by virtue of the faid recited aft, (hall be charged and obliged refpeftively to give their attendance, make return of procefs, and do and execute all other matters and things whatfoever relating to any trials to be had by virtue of this aft, in the like manner* and under the like penalties and forfeitures, as in or by the faid recited aft are ex-preflcd or provided, as fully and eneftually to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame and every of them had been repeated and inferted in this prefent aft.

CAP.

I725'l

Anno duodecimo Georgii I. c. 32.

335

CAP. XXXII.

An aft for better fecuring the monies and effefts of the fuitors of the court of chancery; and to prevent the counterfeiting of Eaft-India bonds, andindorfements thereon \ as likewife indorfements on South-Sea bonds.

WHEREAS the lords commiffioners for the cufiody of the great feal of Great Britain, didon the twenty Jixth day of May in the year of our Lord one thoufand jeven hundred twenty and five, make an order for the mafters of the high court of chancery to deliver into the bank of England the money, bonds, tallies, orders and effefts of the fuitors of the faid court under their refpefiive care and dir eft ion, and for other matters therein contained: and whereas the lord high chancellor of Great Britain did, by an order dated the fourth day of November following, direft the faid order of the faid twenty fixth day of May to be kept andabferved, with the explanations, alterations and additions in the faid order of the fourth of November contained, and did thereby extend the faid orders to the ufher of the faid court, aud alfo to all the effefts of the fuitors under the care of the faid court: and whereas the ordering part of the faid order of the twenty fixth day of May is verbatim recited and contained in the faid order of the fourth of November, and the faid order of the fourth of November is as follows:

Jovis quarto die Novembris one thoufand feven hundred and twenty five.

Or do Curia.

4	Whereas the right honourable the late lords commiffioners * for the cuftody of the great feal of Great Britain, taking into * their ferious confideration the ill confequence and great preju-4 dice, which already had, and might hereafter enfue to the fui-4 tors of this court, by having their monies left in the foie pow-4 er of the mafters of this court; and likewife conceiving that 4 the bonds, tallies, orders and effe&s of the fuitors under the 4 direction of the faid feveral mafters, then locked up in the c vault of the bank of England in feveral chefts, under the care 4 of the faid mafters refpedively, and of two of the fix clerks,

4	might be as fafely depofited with the bank of England in the 4 manner herein after mentioned: and to the end that the money 4 of the fuitors might be fecured for their ufe and benefit, with 4 the lead charge and inconvenience to them, and that they 4 might receive further fatisfa&ion in relation thereto, and how 4 the fame fhould be applied and difpofed of, their lordlhips did 4 on the twenty fixth day of May laft order and dire$ in the 4words following:

44 That every mafter of this court, together with the faid fix Matters, &c.to 44 clerks, do go to the bank of England, and open their refpe<ft- op** ft*®** -44 ive chefts, and that the faid mafters, together with the faid fix ~~

“ Clerks .Mke’.fche.

dulc of all bonds,&c. and deliver them over to the bank.

Bank to receive the intfe-rell on fuch bonds, See*

Mafters to bring in their balance of ca(h.

When money, Stc. Audi here* after be taken into the care of the court, mafter to dire# it into the bank.

Anno duodecimo GeoRGII I. C. 32.	[1725,

“ clerks and one of the cafhiers of the bank, do make a true 44 and perfedt fchedule of all the bonds, tallies, orders and ef-44 fedts depofited in the faid feveral chefts, fpecifring their re-44 fpedtive numbers, dates and fums, arid likewife 61 the cafh 44 depofited therein, and do by fuch fchedule' deliver over the 44 fame to the bank of England, and that at the time of fuch de-44 livery each mafter (hall receive from the bank a certificate of 44 the receipt of the bonds, tallies, orders and effedts, and like-44 wife of the cafh fo delivered by each mafter refpedtively, un-44 der the feal of the bank of England, and that fuch certificate 44 be carried by each mafter to the report office, and ihere filed;

44 and that fuch bonds, tallies, orders and effedts, and cafh be 44 entred caufewife in books to be kept by each mafter in there-44 port office; and that fuch matters as have been deficient in 44 bringing in their balance of cafh are hereby required to enter 44 the fame, but not caufewife, till they fhall have feverally made 44 good their whole deficiencies, and that likewife there be en-44 tred in fuch books caufewife, the feveral ftocks of which the 44 matters have already declared trufts in the faid feveral compa- ] 44 ny’s books, and that an exadt duplicate of fuch books be kept i 44 with the bank by each refpedtive mafter.

44 And it is further ordered. That the bank fhall at all times j “ hereafter receive all intereft due upon fuch bonds, tallies and j 44 orders, as likewife the dividend of all fuch ftocks in the com- ’ 44 pany’s books, of which the matters have declared trufts for 44 the fuitors of this court"; and that the matters do for that pur-44 pofe, by a proper authority, authorize and impower one of 1 44 the cafhiers of the bank to receive the fame, and that from 44 time to time luch intereft of money and dividends of dock be 44 entred in the refpedtive mafters accounts, to be fo kept with 44 the bank in the faid books, and that the mafters (hall at die 44 end of every term draw out of their refpedtive books at the 44 bank, an account in writing of the intereft and dividends fo 44 received and entred in their accounts, and enter the fame caufe-44 wife in their refpedtive books at the report office.

44 And it is further ordered. That the feveral mafters, inftead 44 of the (tock and annuities, of which they have declared trufts 44 to anfvver their balance of cafh* fhall bring in their balance of 44 cafh, and depofit the fame with the bank.

44 And it is further ordered. That when any money or tallies,

44 orders or bonds, at or after the hearing of any caufe, (hall here-44 after be taken under the care anddiredtion of this court, the 44 mafter named by the order fhall diredt the payment of fuch 44 money, or the delivery of fuch tallies, orders and bonds into 44 the bank, and upon payment or delivery thereof accordingly,

44 the monies fo paid, and the orders, tallies and bonds fo deu-44 vered, fhall be entred in the mafters accounts kept with the 44 bank; but the mafters fhall have no power to iffue any money 44 entred in their faid accounts, or to diredt any of the faid fcco-44 rities to be delivered our, but the fame fhall be ordered to be

17^5*3 Anno duodecimo Georgii I. c.32.	£jy

(( paid or delivered to the fuitors, in manner herein after men-'

44 tioned.

44 And it is further ordered* That when any money (hall be The party 44 paid, or tallies, orders or bonds delivered into the bank,

44 purfuant to the directions aforefaid, the party fo paying fuch ffonm c*lhier^

C( money, or delivering in fuch tallies, oiders or bonds, fhall and deliver it

44 take a certificate from one of the cafhiers of the bank, of his to the matter.

44 paying and delivering in of the fame, and of their being placed

44 to the proper matters account; and fhall carry the faid certi-

44 ficate to fuch matter, who fhall thereupon make his report of

44 the payment of fuch money, or delivery of fuch tallies, orders

44 and bonds into the bank, and file the fame at the report-of-

44 fice; and that the clerk of the faid office do enter the fame in

44 the matter’s book caufewife, and place the fame to the proper

44 account of the refpedivc matter there.	.

44 And it is further ordered. That when any money (hall here- *Jonev 44 after be directed to be laid out on government fecurities, the outoirgo^

44 fpecies of the particular fecurities, in which the fame (hall bedi- vernmentfc-44 reCted to be invetted, be for the future mentioned in the of- curities.

44 der: and in cafe any of them fhall confift of Eq/i-Indta bonds,

44 South-Sea bonds or exchequer-tallies and orders, the fame (hall 44 be delivered in at the bank, of which delivery fuch certificate 44 fhall be given to fuch matter, by one of the cafhiers of the 44 bank as aforefaid, and proper entries thereof fhall be made In 44 the account of the matter mentioned in fuch order; and if any 44 fuch fecurities fhall confift of ftock in any of the faid compa-44 nies, fuch ftock is to be transferred to fuch matter, who fhall 44 make a declaration of truft in the companies books. That thb 44 fame is fubjeCt to the orders of this court, and fhall take a 44 certificate thereof from the proper officer of the refpe&ive com-44 pany, and likewife enter the fame to his book at the bank,

44 that the bank may receive the dividends thereupon, and fhall 44 alfo make a report of all fuch fecurities; which certificate and 44 report fhall be filed at the report-office, and therein mention 44 and fpecify the fame dates and numbers of fuch bonds, tallies 44 and orders, and quantities of ftock, and of the time of the 44 transfer of fuch ftock to him, and the clerk of the report-of-44 fice is to enter the dates, fums and numbers of -the bonds,

44 tallies and orders, and quantities of ftock in fuch report men-44 tioned, in the proper matter’s books kept there.

44 And it is further ordered. That when any fecurities depofited when fecur!-44 or to be depofited at the bank,(hal1 be directed by order of couft ties are dire&-44 to be delivered out, the regifter (hall certify to the matter what ^ be deli-44 fecurity is to be delivered out together with the numbers, dates (jJebank <re-44 and fums of fuch fecurities, and the name of the caufe where- giftertocertify. 44 in the fame is to be delivered out; which certificate the clerk *

44 in court, or folicitor in the caufe, fhall deliver to the matter,

*c who (hall counterlign the fame, and fuch certificate fo coun-€l terfigned, fhall be a proper authority for the bank to deliver 44 over fuch fecurity, and enter the delivery of fuch fecurities in 44 the matter’s accounts caufewife: and it is hereby declared to be Vol. XV.	Z	“	the

338	Amio	duodecimo	G£orgii	1.	c.32.	[1715.

<c the duty of the mailer to fupervife fuch entry, and to certify “ the fame into the report-office, there to be filed, tyednefdayi “ And for afcertaining the times for the delivering out and and Fridays <c taking in of bonds, tallies and orders, by the bank, it is here-talung^ixand 44 by or<*crcd. That the fame (hall be fo taken in and delivered delivering out “ out, °n IVednefdays and Fridays in every week, between the bonds, &c.	“	hours of ten in the forenoon and one in the afternoon, and

“ the mafter (hall receive from the fuitor the ufual fees for mak~ ing the report and filing the fame, and no more, and (hall an-“ fwer the fee for filing the report to the report-office.

“ And it is further ordered. That when any (lock in any of When dock is(€ the companies books (of which any of the mafters have, or to be trans- « foall declare trufts for any of the mitors) (hall be ordered to tois!rerifter c< transferred by any of the mafters to the fuitors, the regifter to certify r w (hall certify under his hand to the mafter, what ftockheis by “ fuch order to transfer, and to whom; which certificate the “ clerk in court, or folicitor in the caufe, (hall carry to the ma-(€ fter, who (hall, within one week, or at the then next opening “ of the refpe&ive companies books, attend in perfon, and de-“ liver fuch certificate to the proper officer of fuch company, “ and transfer fuch ftock, or give fufficient authority to foine o-<c ther perfon fo to do.

His certificate “ And it is hereby declared. That fuch certificate (hall be an lutficiefit for c( authority to the refpeftive companies, to permit the faid ma-mailers to	“ fter, or other perfons by them lawfully authorized, to transfer

transfer.	« fuch (locks, of which transfer the mafter is hereby ordered

<“ and dire&ed to make his report, and procure the fame to be “ filed in the report-office, for the making and filing of which report the mafter (hall receive from the fuitor the ufual fees, “ and anfwer the fee for filing of the report to the report-office;

and the transfer of fuch ftock (hall be certified by the mafter “ to the bank, in order that fuch ftock may be difeharged out “ of the account of the mafter in his book there.

H	“ And it is further ordered. That when any money belong-

ncy" is tobe" 44 *nSto t*ie ^u^tors l^s cour*> received by the bank, purfuant pud to the “ t0 this or any other order for that purpofe made, (hall be di-fuitors.	reeled to be paid by order of this court, the clerk in court, or

“ folicitor in the faid caufe, do carry the faid order to the ma-“ fter, who (hall forthwith make a certificate thereof, which “ certificate fuch clerk or folicitor (hall forthwith file in the re-“ port-office; and that the mafter do by note under his band “ draw on the bank, for fo much money as (hall be fo dire&ed ** to be paid, upon cheque paper fairly written,, and (igned by “ the mafter, which note of the mafter (hall be carried to the re-“ port-office, and an entry made thereof in the mailer’s book “ there, and lntratur (hall be written thereon, and (igned by the “ regifter; which note fo entred and figned (hall be fufficient “ authority to the bank to pay fuch money to the perfon men-“ tioned in fuch note, or to fuch perfon as he or (he by indorfe-“ ment (hall order to receive the fame, as likewife to write off 1 the (ame fronj fuch mailer's account there, but when any >■.	.ccfum

339

i ^25.] Anno duodecimo GsoiIgii I. 6.32.

* fum of money (hall be directed to be paid to any fuitor out of “ fuch money, fo to be received by the bank, for intereft or “ maintenance, the matter (hall by note under his hand upon “ cheque paper, without any certificate, draw on the bank for “ the fame} and fuch note being figned by the mafter, and entred “ in the report-office, and counterfigned by the regifter, as is “ before directed, (hall be a proper authority for the bank to pay ** the fame.

“ And it is further ordered. That Mr. John Bennett, Mr. Mr. Benet, Conway, Mr. Kinaflon and Mr. Thomas Bennett do in their books “ to be kept in the report-office, and at the bank,* enter their de»of«Uh. * “ refpedive deficiencies of their balance of ca(h, and do forth-** with fell the feveral eftates and effects that they have convey-“ ed and affigned to Mr. Holford, and that the money arifing by ** the fale thereof be by the purchafers paid into the bank, and “ that the faid mailers do immediately pay and make good their “ faid deficiencies; and in default thereof, upon application to “ be made by the faid fuitors by petition (for.which petition no “ fee or reward (hall be taken) the court will make fuch further “ order for their relief as (hall be juft.

“ And it is hereby further ordered, That Mr. Edwards do Edward* “ forthwith make up the account of what he has received of the andMr.Thur-“ effeds of Mr. Dormer, and how the fame has been paid out, ftonto make] ** when, to whom, and by what order: and that Mr. Thurjion ngttoccouma “ do make up the account of what he hath received of the ef-“ fedls of Mr. Borrett, and what he hath paid out to the fuitors Kg',

“ of the court, when, to whom and by what order; and'that “ fuch accounts be entred in their refpedtive books at the report-“ office; and whatever (hall be remaining in their hands due to “ the fuitors of the court, out of the efrcdts of Mr. Dormer or “ Mr. Borrett, or lhall hereafter come to their hands out of the “ faid effects, (hall be by the faid Mr. Edwards and Mr. Tburjlon “ refpedlively paid into the bank, and entred in diftinft accounts,

“ to be kept there, and upon petition by the fuitors, to whom “ fuch money (hall belong (for which petition no fee or reward “ lhall be taken) the court will make fuch further order therein,

“ as (hall be juft.

“ And it is further ordered, That every mafter do, on the firft Matter*, the «* day of every term, give an account in writing to the fecretary	of

“ of the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commiffioners of “ the great foal for the time being, of all monies and fecurities, lord “ or (locks that they have iflued or transferred in the refpedive lor * fecretary 4t caufes before them fince their laft account, together with the °f ** dates of fuch orders, and that the matters do diligently, from time to time, compare fuch account with their books kept at ** the report-office, and at the bank.

** And it is furthel ordered, That all the prefent mailers of	.

“ this court, and every other perfon who (hall hereafter be ad- conform to ** mitted and fwom as a mafter of this court, and all other per*- thefe order*. “ Tons whatfoever, do in all things conform to and obferve this “ order, and all matters and things herein contained.

Z 2

“ And

Anno duodecimo Georgii I. c.32.	[1725,

No fee exee t ** And it is further ordered. That no perfon or perfons what-to°mafter and “ foever (hall receive or take any fee or reward for doing or tranf-clerk of the “ acting any bufinefs, matter or thing in purfuance of this order, report-office. “ other than the mailers of this court, and the clerk of the re-“ port-office refpecttively; and the mailers (hall only take the “ fame fee for a certificate as they have been intitled to for a “ report, and no more; and the clerk of the report-office (tall “ only take the fame fee for filing the certificate or report, as the “ clerk of the report-office has been intitled unto for filing the u fame; and that any perfon prefuming to take any new fee or 44 reward, (hall be looked upon as guilty of extortion, and upon “ complaint thereof made to the court (hall be punifiied with * the utmoil feverity.

“ And it is further ordered. That this order be forthwith pu-44 bli (hed, and fet up in all the offices belonging to this court 44 concerned in this order.

This order to ( And whereas the faid order is for the benefit and fecurity of be firmly kept,c the fuitors of this court, and may be further improved to that not hereby al-« end, by ^e feveral alterations, additions and explanations hcre-tered.	<	;n after contained: therefore it is now ordered by the right

( honourable the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, That ( the faid order of twenty fixth day of $day laft, wherein it is 4 not herein after varied or altered, (hall be firmly kept and ob-4 ferved, together with the explanations, alterations and additions % 4 following.

Mailers to 4 And it is hereby ordered and directed, That all the matters bring in ac- 4 of this court do forthwith bring in, and leave with the regifler counts ot all < 0f th^s COurt, compleat accounts, home to the time of bringiog wbichthey arc 4 m fuch accounts, of all monies, (locks, bonds, tallies,, mort* anfwcrablc, 4 gages, fccurities and other effects belonging to any of the fuitors not included 4 of this court, in their refpedtive hands, cuftody or power, oc in former ac- s for which they are refpeettively anfwerable, and not included in deliver them * any x^r accounts formerly delivered into the regifter’s ot-over to the 4 fice; and that all the faid matters do forthwith, by fchedule, bank, See. 4 deliver over to the bank of England, all fums of money, bonds, 4 notes, orders, tallies, depefits, fecurities and other effedls in 4 any wife belonging to the fuitors of this court, in their refpe&» 4 ive hands, power or cuttody, or for which they are anfweiable, 4 mortgages only excepted; and (hall alfo fpecify in fuch fche-4 dule the feveral annuities and docks which each of them re-

4 fpedlively by himfelf, or jointly with others, hath in truft for 4 any of the iuitors of this court; and that at the time of thedc* 4 livery of fuch money and other effects, fuch matter (hall receive 4 from the bank, a certificate of the receipt thereof, and alfo of 4 the laid fpecification of the faid annuities and docks, under the 4 feal of the bank of England; and that fuQh certificate be carried 4 by each matter to the report-office, and there filed; and that 4 fuch fums of money, bonds, notes, annuities^ docks and other 4 fecurities and effects of the fuitors, (hall be entred caufcwifc in 4 books kept by each matter in the report-office, and in the bank, 4 except as to fiich matters who are deficient thejur balance ef

4 caih;

34*

1745O Anno duodecimoGeorgii I. c.31.

"* cafti; which deficient matters are hereby required to enter the c fame in their refpedtive books, left at the bank and at the rc-4 port-office, but not caufewife, till they (hall feverally have made 4 good their deficiencies, except fuch (ecuritics or flocks as were

*	lpecifically appropriated, or trufts declared, to or for any of the 4 fuitors of this court; which faid flocks and (ccurities fuch de-4 ficient matters, as well as {he other matters, are refpedtively to

*	enter in their faid refpedtive books caufewife; and the bank is to 4 receive the intereft, produce and dividends of all the faid fe-€ curities, annuities and flocks, as alfo th^ intereft, produce and 4 dividends due or hereafter to be due on all flocks,* bonds, tal-c lies, orders, annuities and other fecurities, whereof any of the 4 matters of this court are now poflefled, or hereafter (hall be 4 poflefled of, in truft for the fuitors of this court; or have alrea-c dy declared, or at any time hereafter (hall declare any truft for

*	any of the (aid fuitors; and that each tnafter of the court, do 4 from time to time, impower one of the cafhiers of the bank to 4 receive the fame; and that from time to time fuch intereft,

4 produce and dividends (hall be entred in the refpedtive matter’s 4 accounts at the bank; and that at leaft at the end of every term,

4 but oftner if there be occafion, the bank (hall certify caufewife

*	to each mafter the feveral fums fo received, refpedtively belong-4 ing to the fuitors of this court, under fuch matter's refpedtive 4 care and infpedtion, to the end that each mafter may make like 4 entries in thc*refpedtive books kept by themfelves and likewife, c deliver a copy thereof to the clerk of the report-office, who is

*	forthwith to caufe the fame refpedtively to be entred caufewife 4 in the refpedtive matter's books at the report-office: and as to 4 mortgages, which any of the matters of this court have now 4 fingly by themfelves, or jointly with others, in truft for the

*	fuitors of this court, the particular truft (hall be indorfed on 4 theback of the mortgage deed, if it be not fo already indorfed,or 4 inferted in the body of the deed; and as to all fuch future mort-4 gages, the particular trufts (hall be inferted in the body of the

*	mortgage-deed; and all intereft and principal to be hereafter 4 paid in on all fuch mortgages, (hall, by the party paying, be 4 paid into the bank, in manner and form as is herein after di-4 redted concerning the payment of money into the bank.

4 And whereas in and by the faid recited order it is ordered,

4 That when any money, tallies, orders or bonds, at or after the 4 hearing of any caufe, mould be thereafter taken under the care 4 and diredtion of this court, the mafter named by the order 4 fhould diredt the payment of fuch money, or the delivery of 4 fuch tallies, orders and bonds into the bank, with other pro-4 vifions therein contained: now, for the explaining and enlarg- When money, ‘ ing the faid part of the faid order, it is hereby further ordered, is directed 4 That all monies, tallies, orders, bonds, fecurities or other ef- Jhe^after to 4 fedts of the fuitors of this court, by any former order diredted cc-rify the c to be brought in before, paid or delivered to, any mailer of this date of the 4 court, which have not yet been fo paid in or delivered, and alfo order,&c»

4 all monies, tollies, orders, bonds, fecurities and effedts, either

Z 3	4	be-

Mailer's note for paying money out of the bank, to be within a month after date, kc,

Clerk of the report-office to enter in mailer's books the delivering out of fe-curities at the bank.

Mr. (Godfrey fubjrfted to "the orders

Anno duodecimo Georgii I. c.32.	[1725.

before, at or after the hearing of any caufe to be hereafter directed to be taken under the care of, or to be brought before, or delivered in, or paid to any matter of this court, (hall not be brought before, delivered or paid to fuch matter; but when any fecurity, fum of money or other effects are ready to be delivered or paid in, in obedience to any fuch order, the matter to whom the caufe (lands referred, or to whom, or by whom the delivery or payment is directed to be made, (hall, on application by the party interettcd, his clerk in court, or folicitor in 4 the caufe, certify the date of fuch order, and the fum of money, 4 tallies, orders, bonds, depofits, fecurities and other effeCts then 4 to be paid or delivered in upon fuch order, and the name of 4 the caufe, to the account or which the fame is to be placed; 4 and upon the faid party’s, or his clerk in court, or folicitor’s 4 delivering fuch certificate, and payment of fuch money, or de-4 livering of fuch tallies, orders, bonds, fecurities or other ef-4 feCts into the bank, the fame (hall be entred in the refpeCtive 4 matter’s accounts in the bank, and be under the fame regula-4 tions, as in the faid recited order, and herein after is pre-4 feribed.

4 And whereas, according to the method preferibed by the (aid 4 recited order, for the payment of any money out of tne bank, 4 belonging to the fuitors of this court, the matter obferving the 4 regulations in the faid recited order contained, is by note under 4 his hand, to draw on the bank, for fuch money ?s (hall he 4 ordered by this court to be paid, which note is to be firft car-4 ried to the report-office: now it is hereby further ordered, 4 That fuch note (hall be fo limited to be paid within a month 4 after date; and that if it be not paid within fuch time, the 4 note (hall be void; and that when fuch note is carried to the 4 report-office, there (hall be alfo carried with it the order wherc-4 by fuch payment was diredted to be made, and an entry (hall 4 be made in the matter’s book at the faid office, not only of the 4 faid note, but alfo a memorandum that it was drawn by virtue 4 of fuch order, and thereupon an lntratur is to be made, and 4 fuch other proceedings had, as in the faid recited order are 4 for that purpofe preferibed.

4 And whereas by the faid recited order it is directed. That 4 where fecurities depofited or to be depofited with the bank 4 (hall be delivered out, proper entries (hall be made thereof in 4 the matter’s accounts at the bank caufewife, of which entries 4 certificates (hall be filed in the report-office; but no provifion 4 is made in fuch order for the like entry in the matter’s boob 4 in the report-office: it is. therefore ordered. That when the 4 matters do at any time hereafter certify to the report-office 4 fuch entry, of the delivering out fuch fecurities as aforefah), 4 the clerk of the report-office (hall make entries according to 4 fuch certificate in the refpedive matter’s books kept in that 4 office, of the delivering out fuch fecurities as aforefaid.

4 And whereas fince the making of the faid order of the twenty 4 fixth

day of May laft, Rickard Godfrey, cfq; one of the matter?

•of

1725.] Anno duodecimo Georgii I. c. 32.'	343

4 of this court, hath been deficient in bringing in his balance of relating to de*

*	cafli, and is now a deficient mafter: it is therefore hereby or- ^cnt maf*

4 dered, That the faid Richard Godfrey, and his eftate, and the Mrt*

4 monies, fecurities and effeAs of the fuitors in his hands, cuf-4 tody or power, or under his care, (hall be fubject to the fame

*	methods, rules, orders and regulations, as are in and by this

4 and the faid recited order preferibed and appointed, in relation 4 to the deficient mafters.	i

* And forafmuch as no directions or provifions are laid dewn 4 in the faid order relating to the ftocks, fecurities, monies or 4 effeAs of or belonging to the fuitors of this court, in the name,	.

x hands or cuftody, or under the care of the n(her of this court,

€ and to the intent that due caution may be taken touchingiiich 4 ftocks, fecurities, monies and effeAs, and one uniform me-4 thod may be obferved: it is therefore further ordered, That urher ofthc

*	the ufher of this court do, as to all ftocks and annuities of the court hi*

4 fuitors of this court, (landing in his name, forthwith deliver duty,

*	into the rcfpeAive companies a declaration in writing, that 4 fuch ftocks and annuities are in truft to anfwer the orders of (this court; and the faid refpeAive companies are to take care 4 that proper entries be made thereof in their books, fo that fiich 4 ftocks or annuities be not transferred, but by order or leave of 4 of the court; and that the faid uftier do forthwith bring in 4 and leave with the regifter of this court a compleat account,

4 home to the time of^bringing it in, of all monies, ftocks,

*	bonds, tallies, mortgages, fecurities and other effeAs belong-4 ing to any of the fuitors of this court, in his hands, cuftody or 4 power, or for which he is anfwerable; and that he do likewife 4 forthwith, by fchedule, deliver over to the bank of England 4 caufewife, all fums of money, bonds, notes, orders, tallies,

4 depofits, fecurities and other eflfeAs of the fuitors of this court,

4 in his hands, cuftody or power, or for which he is anfwerable,

( mortgages only excepted; and do alfo fpecify in fuch fchedule 4 the feveral annuities and ftocks which ftana in his name, or 4 he hath either fingly, or jointly with others, in truft for any 4 of the fuitors of this court; and that he do receive from the 4 bank a certificate of the receipt of fuch fchedule, and carry the 4 fame to the report-office, and there file it; and that fuch fums 4 of money, bonds, notes, annuities, ftocks and other fecurities

*	and effeAs of the fuitors, (hall be entered caufewife in books 4 kept by the ufher in the report-office, and in the bank; and 4 that the like method and manner be in thefe particulars ob-4 ferved by the ufher, as in and by this order, and the faid re-4 cited order is preferibed to the mafters of this court; and the 4 bank is to receive the intereft, produce and dividends of all the 4 faid fecurities, annuities and ftocks, as alfo of all ftocks, bonds,

4 tallies, orders, annuities and other fecurities, whereof the ufher,

4 is or (hall be poflefled in truft, for any of the fuitors of this 4 court, or hath, or (hall declare any truft for them, the ufher 4 authorizing one of the cafhiers of the bank to receive the 4 fame; and fuch entries are to be made thereof, and fuch rules

Z4

Where money See. has been ordered to be

be paid into the bank.

Ufcer toob-ierve the like orders as the matters relating to bonds, *c.

or in transferring deposits in toe bank.

Anno duodecimo Georgii I. c. 32*	[1725.

to be obferved, as herein, and in the (aid recited order are fet down, to and for the matters of this court; and as to mort-gages, which the ufher of this court, either fingly or jointly, now hath, or hereafter may have in truft for the fuitors of this court, the fame rules and methods (hall be obferved by the uiher, as in the like cafes are herein before preferibed to the matters.

4 And it is hereby further ordered, That where any money, tallies, orders, bonds, mortgages, fecurities and other effefts of the fuitors of this court, have by any former order been di-reeled to be brought into this court, or to be brought before, paid or delivered, to the faid uiher, and have not been yet fo brought before, paid or delivered, the fame and alfo all monies, tallies, orders, bonds, fecurities and other effefts, either before, at or after the hearing of any caufe to be hereafter ordered or directed to be brought into this court, or to be taken under the care of the ufher, (hall not be broqght before, delivered in or paid to the uiher, but (hall be paid or delivered into the bank of Eng* land, under the regulations, and in the manner as the matters are here n, and in the faid recited order required to do; and the ufher (hall on his part, in all things relating hereunto, ad in like manner as the matters are in fuch cafes obliged to do.

4 And it is likewife further ordered, That if any money or effefts of the fuitors of this court, (hall by the ufher, or in his name, be laid out or invetted in any bonds, tallies, orders, (locks, annuities, or other fecurities, the fame methods, orders and regulations (hail be obferved by the ufher and others, in relation thereto, as hereby, and by the faid recited order, are in like cafes preferibed, by the matters.

4 And it is alfo further ordered. That when any (locks or an* nuities in the name of the ufher (hall be hereafter transferred, or any depofits, money, interett or dividends, or other thins contained in the faid umer’s account, (hall be paid or delivered out of the bank', the fame method (hall be obferved, and the faid ufher and all others, (hall aft and do in all things relating thereto, as the matters of this court are hereby appointed to do; and in general the fame rules, methods, orders and regulations, which are hereby and by the faid recited order directed and preferibed to be obferved, performed and done by and to the matters of this court, with refpeft to the monies, flocks, bonds, mortgages, tallies, orders, annuities, fecurities and other effefts of the fuitors of this court, in their name, or under their infpeftion and care, (hall be in like cafes mutatis mu* tandis, obferved, performed and done by and to the u(her of this court, with refpeft to the monies, (locks, bonds, mortgages, tallies, orders, annuities, fecurities and other effefts of the fuitors of this court, in his name, or under his infpeftion or care.

4 And forafmuch as the ufher of this court hath ufually had and received, upon the payment of any money or effefts into his hands, purfuant to the order of this court, two (hillings for every receipt or certificate by him figned, teftifying the receipt

4 of

34 5

1725*] Anno duodecimo Georoii I. c.32.

c of fucb money or effeds, and hath aifo ufually had and received c two pence in the pound of all monies or effects paid or deliver-

*	ed out by him to the fuitors of this court; therefore it is further € ordered. When any money or effeds belonging to the fuitors

*	of this court, paid into the bank in the name or on account of c the ufher, mall be directed to be paid out by the order of Ufher's fee*

*	this court, and the ufher is to make a certificate thereof, to ‘ be filed in the report-office, the faid ufher (hall have and re-

*	ceive two (hillings for figning fuch certificate; and for every c draught that he (hall make on the bank, he (hall at the time of € fuch draught receive two pence in the pound of all money con-c tained in fuch draught, draughts for intereft or maintenance

c excepted ; and if the faid ufiier (hall prefume to take any other *

‘ fee or reward, he (hall be looked upon as guilty of extortion, c and upon complaint thereof made to the court, mall be punUhr t ed with the utmoft feverity.	^

4 And to the end that the directions herein before given may c from henceforth be uniformly obferved, it is hereby Further or-	to

c dered, that in all orders to be hereafter made, relating to the be made, the ‘ monies or effects of the fuitors of this court, the fevetal rules roles of this ? and directions of this order (hall be obferved and followed, al- «derto be € though the fame (hould not be particularly exprefffd in any oW*rad-

*	fuch future order.

‘ And it is further ordered, that this order be forthwith pub- This order to c lifted and fet up in all the offices belonging to this court, be pubfiJhed,

‘ concerned in this order.

Intr. Edw. Goldesbrough Dtp. Reg.

II.	And whereas in burfuame of the jaid orders feveral of the ef~ fefts of the fuitors of tie faid court have been delivered into the bank of England, and the faid method is for the benefit and fecurity of the Juitors, and fit to be obferved, fubjeft neverthelefs tojuch alterations and other regulations, as may at any time hereafter, from the exigency or circumjlantes of affairs, be found reafonable or proper by the faid high court of chancery; be it therefore enaded by the King’s mod excellent maiefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent par-liament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the firmed.*0*1* faid two orders of the high court of chancery be confirmed, and

that the fame (hall be henceforwards obferved and kept, unlefs in fuch points as (hall be varied in this prefent ad, or (hall ?t/ any time hereafter be varied or changed by the* high court of chancery, according as the faid court (hall, from the exigency or circumftances of affairs, judge reafonable or proper.

III.	And to the end the account between the fuitors of the ^ account-

high court of chancery and the bank of England may be the ant general of more regularly and plainly kept, and the ftate of fuch account the court of may be at all times feen and known, be it further enaded by the chancery ap-authority aforefaid, That there (hall be one perfon appointed by	c ^

the high court of chancery, to ad, perform, and do all fuch ,s putters and things relating to the delivery of the fuitors money

and

346	Anno duodecimo GeorgH I. c.32;	[1725.

and effe&s into the bank, and taking them out of the bank, and the keeping the accounts with the bank, and all other matters relating thereto, as in and by the faid recited orders, or either of them, are preferibed and dire£ted to be done and performed by the mailers and uiher of the faid high court of chancery, whicn faid officer fo to be appointed (hall be called the accountant general of the court of chancery, and (hall hold fuch office dunng the pleafure of the faid court; and an account (hall be kept in his name with the bank of England for and on the behalf of the fuitors of the faid court of chancery, in fuch manner as is directed by the faid recited orders, with refpeCt to the mailers of the faid court and the bank; and the fame rules, methods and direction?, as are preferibed by the faid orders to the fuitors, the mailers, uiher and bank, as to the delivering into, and taking out of the bank the monies and effects of the fuitors, and other matters therein contained, (hall be obferved by the fuitors, the bank, and the faid accountant general, unlefs where the court of chancery (hall, according to the exigency and circumitances

____ of affairs, otherwife determine and appoint.

Aceoimtaiitto IV. And it is hereby further enaCted bv the authority afore-SthemaStcn That the faid accountant general (hall, as to the feveral re-and uiher of gulations and directions preferibed in the faid orders, (land and the court. be in the place and room of the mailers and uiher of the (aid • court, and ihall receive no other fee or reward from the fuitors *' for the exercife of his faid office, than what is allowed to the mailers in and by the faid order of the twenty fixth day of May one thoufand feven hundred and twenty five; and the feveral mailers and uiher of the court of chancery, their executors and adminifirators, are hereby required with convenient fpeed, to make up their feveral accounts with the faid accountant general, or any other perfon thereto authorized by the court of chancery, of all the monies fecurities and effects of the fuitors of the faid court in their cuftody, or under their direction or care; and to pay and deliver into the bank all monies, depofits and effects of the fuitors of the faid court yet remaining in their feveral hands, there to be carried to the account of the faid accountant general, and to be placed caufewife or otherwife, as is already, or (hall hereafter be directed by the faid court$ and all monies, depofits and effects of the fuitors of the faid court, already depofited with or delivered to the bank by the faid mailers or uiher, or on their account, ihall in like manner be carried to the account of the faid accountant general, and be placed caufewife or other-wife, as is already or (hall hereafter be directed by the faid court; and the faid mailers and uiher, their executors and adminiftra-tors, ihall be indemnified and difeharged of and from all monies, depofits and effects of the faid fuitors, fo paid or delivered into the bank as aforefaid.

M	V.	And	it	is	hereby	further	enaCted,	That	all mortgages,

^nwMn the ta^cs> orders, itocks, annuities, and other transfcrrablc fecuri-name of ma-	now the name of any of the faid matters or uiher, either

iters, &c. af- fingly by themfelves, or jointly with others, in trail for the

■ fuitors

1725.] Anno duodecimo Georgii I. c. 32*	347

fuitors of the faid court, (hall be affigned and transferred to the figntd to the laid accountant general; and fuch affignments and transfers acco,uatant* (hall be freed and difcharged* from the (lamp-duty, and from any other duty impofed thereon by ad of parliament; and that all mortgages, tallies, orders, (locks, annuities, and other transferable fecurities, to be hereafter taken by the directions of the faid court for the benefit of any of the fuitors, (hall, if appointed to be taken in the name of any officer of the faid court* be taken in the name of the faid accountant general; and that in all fuch affignments and transfers to the faid accountant general, as alfo in all fuch other transferable fecurities, to be hereafter taken in his name, the particular truft (hall be Specified and inferted in .the affignment, transfer or fecurity itfelf; and fuch other rules and methods of proceeding (hall be had and obferved with re-fpedl to fuch transferable fecurities, by the accountant general and others, as by the faid recited orders are refpedlively appointed to be obferved by the mailers, uiher, and others.

VI.	Provided neverthelefs. That notwithftanding any thing Chancery may in this adt contained, the faid court of chancery (hall have full alter any part power and authority from time to timfe, according to the exi-

Eof affairs, to vary, alter or change any part of the regu- oram\

$ in the faid orders, or herein before contained, and to .make fuch further or other regulations about the premifles, as to the fame court (hall feem meet and reafonable.

VII.	And it is herebv further enabled. That from and after After death,

' the death or removal or any accountant general, all mortgages, °^IC' tallies, orders, (locks, annuities, and other transferable fe-curities, veiled in him at the time of fuch his death or removal, ed in his fuc-~ in truft for the fuitors of the faid court, (hall veil in the fucceed- ceflbr. ing accountant general, for the fame eftates and interefts as he then had therein, and fubje<5t to the fame trufts, without any affignment or transfer whatfoever; and that upon fuch death or removal of any accountant general, all monies, depofits and effects of the fuitors of the faid court, for which he (hall then have credit in his account with the bank, (hall be carried to the account of the fucceeding accountant general.

VIII.	And to the end that all milapplications or wailings of Accountant the fubjedls money by any officer of the high court of chancery not to meddle may be intirely prevented for the future, be it therefore further	one7

enabled by the authority aforefaid. That the faid accountant bjjtonfykeep general (hall not meddle with the adtual receipt of any of the account with money or effects of the fuitors, but (hall only keep the account the bank, with the bank; and the faid accountant general obferving the rules hereby prefcribed, or hereafter to be prescribed to him by the faid court, (hall not be anfwerable for any money or effedis which he (hall not adtually receive; and the bank of England (hall be anfwerable for all the monies and effedts of the fuitors 'which are or (hall be actually received by them.

IX.	And be it likewife further enadted by the authority afore- Forging the (aid. That if any perfon or perfons (hall, from and after the hand of the

firft

348	Anno	duodecimo	Georgii	I.	c.	33.	[1/15.

accountant, to firft day of May in the year of our Lord one thoufand feren a certificate to hundred and twenty fix, forge or counterfeit, or procure to be effe&t*in^he* or counterfeited, or willingly a<ft or aflift in the forging bank,	or	counterfeiting	the	name	or	hand	of	the	(aid accountant gene-

ral, the faid regifter, the (aid clerk of the report-office, or any of the cafhiers of the faid governor and company of the bank of England, to any certificate, report, entry, indorfement, declaration of. truft, note, direction, authority, inftrument or writing whatfoever, for or in order to the receiving or obtaining any the money or eftcdts of any of the fuitors of the faid court of chancery, or (hall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or wilfully a£t or affift in forging or counterfeiting any certificate, report, entry, indorfement, declaration of truft, note, direction, authority, inftrument or writing in form of a certificate, report, entry, indorfement, declaration of truft, note, direction, authority, inftrument or writing, made by fuch accountant general, regifter clerk of the report-office, or any of the cafhiers of the faid governor and company of the bank of England, or any bond or obligation under the common feal of the united company of merchants of England trading to •raay Eaftln- the Ea/l~Indies, or any indorfement or alignment thereon, or on dia or South- any bond or obligation under the common feal of the governor felo^vtithout and comPany °f merchants of Great Britain trading to the South-clergy. &eas anc* other parts of America, and for encouraging the fifhery;

or (hall utter or publifh any fuch,knowing the fame to be forged or counterfeited, with intention to defraud any perfon whatfoever; then every fuch perfon and perfons fo offending (being thereof lawfully convi&ed) (hall be and is hereby declared and adjudged to be guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer death as in cafe of felony, without benefit of clergy.

CAP. XXXIII.

An a£l for relief of the fuitors of the high court of chancery.

WHEREAS Fleetwood Dormer and John Borrett, efquires, deceofed, late two of the majlers of the high court of chancery, and Richard Godfrey, Edward Conway and William Kin-afton, efquires, three cf the prefent majlers of the faid court, have been deficient in anfwering the money and effects ordered by the court into their hands: and whereas in order to know the Jlate and particulars of the faid deficiency, the right honourable the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, purfuant to his Majefifs directions, did by fcvercu orders dircR fcveral majlers of the court of chatuery, to inquire into, examine and Jlate the claims and demands of eke fuitors of the faid court, upon thofe offices wherein the deficiencies happened, and the faid majlers to whom fuch inquiry was directed have mail their reports, whereby it appears that (beftdes the deficiency of the faid William Kinafton, which is fuppefed he will be able to make good himfclf; and after deducting what Jball he made and produced by and out of the ejlates and effcCls of the faid deficient mafiers, and alfo the fum of thirty thoufand pounds given by bis Majcfij on the addrefs of the houfe cf commons towards the relief of the 6	"	fiii

1725.] Anno duodecimo Georgii I: c. 33*	349

find fuitm, and new vtjltd in land-tax tallies for their benefit, to//A •

*4/ interejl due thereon) there will be, according to the prefent computation, 0 deficiency of the fum of fifty one thoufand eight hundred fifty one pounds nineteen fbillings and eleven pence farthing? befides feveral other claims in the find offices of the faid Fleetwood Dormer and John Borret, deceafed, and of the faid Richard Godfrey and Edward Conway, not determined by the fiaid mafters, but fubmitted to the determination of the find court, and which if aU lowed, will greatly increafe the find deficiency: end whereas the commons of Great Britain are defirous to relibue the diftreffed fuitors of the find court; therefore to (he end that all the faid deficiencies may be afcertained, and a full and proper relief may be had, ana a fufficient provifion may be made for the payment of all the juft debts and demands of the fuitors of the faid court of chancery, be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, * and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the fe- Additional cond day of Augufi which (hall be in the year of our Lord one for^fyearc! thoufand feven hundred and twenty fix, there ihall be through- (bntmntdby* out England, the dominion of Wales? and town of Berwick up- 9 Geo. a. 0.31. on Tweed? raifed, collected and paid, during the term of fixteen m*d* perpetual years, for the feveral and refpe&ive things herein after mention- a3Geo.».c.»5. ed, which (hall be written or engrafted during the term afore-faid, over and above the rates, duties and fums of money now due and payable in refpeft thereof, the further feveral and re-fpe&ive rates, duties, charges and fums of money following 5 that is to fay,

II.	For every piece of vellum or parchment, or piece of pa- original writs, per, upon which any original writ (except fuch original on &c.

which a writ of Capias iftues) Subpoena, bill of Middlesex? Latitat, writ of Capias, Quominus? writ of Dedimus Poteftatem, to take anfwers, examine witnefies, or appoint guardians, or any other writ whatfoever, or any other procefs or mandate that (hall ifliie out of, or pafs the feals of any the courts at Wefiptin-Jler, courts of great feflions in Wales? courts in counties palatine, or in any other court whatfoever, holding plea where the debt or damage doth amount to forty (hillings or above, or the thing in demand is of that value, (hall be ingrafted or written (writs of covenant for levying fines, writs of entry for fuffering common recoveries, and writs of Habeas Corpus always excepted) the fum of fix pence.

III.	For every piece of vellum, parchment or paper, upon Entry of ac-which any entry of any adion in the mayor’s and (heriffs courts tions in

of London, and in courts in all corporations, and other courts mayor’s court, whatfoever, out of which no writs, procefs or mandates iflue, bolding plea where the debt or damage doth amount to forty	"

(hillings or above, (hall be ingrafted or written, the fum of fix pence; and for every piece of vellum, parchment or paper, upon which (hall be ingrafted or written any citation or monition made in any ecdcftaftical court, the fum of fix pence.

IV.	And

350	Anno	duodecimo G&orGiI I. C.jo. £171$.

To be under IV; And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the	for the better and more effectual levving, collecting and paying

cmmiffioners t^lc k*<l duties hereby granted, the fame (hall be under the di-©f ftamps.	reCtion, government, care and management of the commiflion-

ers for the time being, appointed to manage the dudes payable to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, and charged on ftampt vellom, parchment and paper, by former ads of parliament in that behalf made, who, or the major part of them, are hereby required and impowered to employ the neceflary officers under them for that purpofe, and to ufe fuch dies and ftamps to denote the ftamp-duties hereby charged as they (hall fee proper, and to repair the fame, from time to time, as there (nail be need or occafion, and to do all other ads, matters and things, neceflary to be by them done for the putdng this ad in execu-cution with relation to the faid duties hereby granted.

V.	And it is hereby enaded by the authority aforefaid. That ^to/tbe du-^all anc* may lawful to and f°r the faid commiflioners, or tin	the major part of them for the time being, out of the duties a-

rifing by this ad, to caufe fuch fum and fums of money to be expended and paid, from time to time, for falaries and other incident charges, as (hall be neceflary in and for the recovering, receiving, colleding, levying, aiftributing and managing ofthe fame duties by this alt granted, during the continuance of the faid term; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

Allowance VI. And it is hereby further enaded by the authority afore-where the du- faid. That from and after the faid fecond day of Augufl which ties amount to (ball be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred 10 •	and twenty fix, every perfon who fhall at one time bring to be

damped, or buy of the faid commiflioners paper or parchment, the faid duties whereof (hall amount to ten pounds or upwards, fhall be allowed after the rate of fix pounds in the hundred pounds per annum for fix months, upon the prefent payment of the laid duties at the head office in London or IVeJlminJler, and not o-therwife, nor any other allowance : and the faid commiflioners are hereby impowered to truft and give credit to the feveral distributors of ftampt vellom, parchment and paper, with theft duties, in the lame manner, and upon the like condition and terms, as they intruft fuch diftributors with the other duties under their care.

No rates where VII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enaded, That perfons fue in none of the rates, impofitions or fums of money before in this fbrma paupe- ad exprefled, (hall be raifed, levied, colledea and paid, or ru"	payable by virtue of this ad, by any perfon or perfons that (half

be admitted to fue or defend in forma pauperis.

Paper, Stc. VIII. And it is hereby further enaded, That all vellom, ftamped with parchment and paper, charged by this ad with any of the foiuier ftamps ftamp-duties hereby granted, which hath been or (hall (beforeths toffie oi£*to ^cconc* day of Augufl) be ftamped or marked, in purfuance 10 of the former ads of parliament relating to his Majefty’s ftamp-duties, or any of them, (hall before any of the matters or thing*

I*

1725.] Afifto duodecimo Georgii I. e.33.	3$i

(in refpeCk whereof any duty is hereby made payable) be writ- he (tamped ten or ingrofled thereupon (fuch writing or ingroffing being at ^^hanotlier any time after the faid fecond day of Augujl ^ and within the m term of the continuance of this aCt) be brought to the head office for (tamping or marking of vdlom, parchment and paper, to be (tamped or marked with another mark or (tamp, over and befides the marks or (tamps put or to be put thereupon in purfuance of the faid former ads, or any of them$ and that all vellom, parchment and paper, which hath not been or (hall not before the dud fecond day of Augujl be ftamped or marked in purfuance of the faid former ads, or any of them, (hall (before any the matters or things, in refped whereof any (lamp-duty is payable hereby, and by the faid former ads, or any of them, (hall be thereupon written or ingrofled, fuch writing or ingrofling being after the, faid fecond day of Augujl, and within the faid term and the continuance of this ad) be brought to the faid head office, and there marked and ftamped with the proper marks or (tamps, provided, ufed or appointed, or to be provided or appointed in purfuance of this ad, and of the faid former ads of parliament, to denote the refpedive duties hereby and thereby refpedively charged thereupon$ and if any of ja pemwfo the faid matters and things fo to be ingrofled and written as a- writing with-fbrefaid, (hall during the term laft mentioned be ingrofled or out the written, contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, upon ftamPi»&c* vellom, parchment or paper, not appearing to have been duly marked or ftamped according to this ad, that then and in every fuch cafe there (hall be due, anfwered and paid (over and a-bove the (lamp-duties payable hereby, and by the faid former ads, or any of them) for every fuch matter and thing refpec-tively the fum of five pounds, and that no fuch matter or thing (hall be available in law or equity, or be given in evidence, or admitted in any court, unlefs as well the faid duty hereby charged in refped thereof, as the faid fum of five pounds, (hall be firlt paid to the receiver general for the time being of the (lamp-duties, or his deputy or clerk, and until the vellum, parchment and paper, upon which fuch matter or thing is fo written or ingrofled, (hall be marked or ftamped, according to the tenor and true meaning hereof: and the (aid receiver general, and his deputy or clerk, are hereby enjoined and required, upon payment or tender of the faid duties, and of the faid fum of five pounds, and fuch other fums as by the faid former a&s are payable in that behalf, to give a receipt for fuch monies; and the other proper officers are thereupon required to mark or (tamp fuch matters or things with the proper marks and (tamps required in that behalf which faid fum of five pounds is to be applied to the fame ufes and purpofes as the duties hereby granted are to be applied.

. IX. And be it further enabled by the authority.aforefaid, That Commiffioners every commiffioner and officer who (hall aa in and about and officers to the managing <br collecting the ftamp*duties hereby granted, be fwom.

(hall

35*

Anno duodecimo Georgii I. C.33.	[1725*

(hall before he (hall aft in or about the lame, take the oath following, that is to fay,

I A. B. dofwear, That I will faithfully exuute the trujl repofed in met purfuant to the ail tf parliament made in the twelfth year ef the reign of bis majejly King George, intituled. An aft for relief of the fuitors of the high court of chancery, whereby certain additional duties are chargedor made payable, in rejpeil efthe federal matters and things engrqffid er written, as therein is mentioned, without fraud er concealment; and Jball from time to time true account make of my ..doings therein, and deliver the fame to fucb perfon or perfons, as by ■ the faid ail are impowered to receive fucb account; and jball take no fee, reward or profit whatfoever, for the execution or performance of the faid trujl, or the bufidefs relating thereto, from any perfon or perfons whatfoever, other than Jucb as by the faid ail is allowed of.

Which oath (hall or may be adminiftred by any two or more of the commiffioners laft mentioned, or any one or more ju-ftices of the peace.

The money to X. And be it further enafted by the authority aforelaid, That be paid to the all and every the officer and officers who (hall be concerned in bank. the levying, collefting or receiving the duties arifing by this aft, (hall and do keep feparate and diftinft accounts thereof, and pay the lame to the calhier of the bank of England for the tim6 being, who is hereby required and impowered to receive the fame, and whofe receipt or receipts (hall be, from time to time, to the faid receiver general, his deputy or deputies, a fufficient difeharge, which payments are to be made weekly on Wednefi day in every week, untefs it be an holiday, and then the next day after, which (hall not be an* holiday.

A book to be XI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforelaid. k'unt'Vth That there (hall be provided and kept, in the bank of England, ^ton^ e a book or books, wherein all the monies to be paid in weekly as aforelaid, (hall be entred, and the fame (hall be entred apart and diftinft from all other monies paid or payable upon account of the fuitors of the faid court of chancery; and when the laid monies (hall be paid to the calhier of the bank as aforefaid, the fame (hall be, and be confidered as part of the general and common calh of the faid court of chancery, and as fuch (hall he iftued and applied in and for the payment of the refpeftive demands of the fuitors of the faid court, in fuch manner as die faid court (hall direft.

&c ' pfXII. And it is hereby further enafted,. That alt receivers ge-w.*j?tobeinnersd> comptrollers, colleftors and other officers, who are or force!	(hall be concerned in the managing, railing, levying, receiv-

ing, collefting or paying the duties arifing by this aft, or in keeping the accounts thereof, or accounting in refpeft of the fame, (hall perform their feveral and refpeftive duties theron, as to them refpeftively (hall appertain, under fuch aftd the like penalties, forfeitures and disabilities, for any offence or negleft therein, or for detaining or mifapplying any part of the laid monies, as are prescribed and to be inflifted by virtue of an aft

1725.] Anno duodecimo Georgii L c. 33.	353

of parliament made and palled in the ninth year of the reign of

his late majefty King William the Third, intituled. An aft for 9	c#44s

raiftng a fum not exceeding two millions upon a fund for payment of

annuities, after the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum,

andfor fettling the trade to the Eaft-Indies, for the like offence or

neglect, in relation to the duties upon fait, and other duties. *

upon ftampt vellom, parchment and paper thereby granted, or

for detaining, diverting or mifapplying any part of the monies

which were granted by the alt laft mentioned.

XIII.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid. All the powers That all powers, provifions, articles, claufes, pains of death in the (tamp and other penalties and forfeitures, diftribution of penalties alb to be in and forfeitures, and all other matters and things prefcribed, ap-f°rce* pointed or contained in or by an alt of parliament made in the

laid ninth year of the reign of his faid late majefty King William 9 w- 3- c- *5* the Third, intituled. An aft for granting to his Majefly, his heirs ctnd fuccejfors, further duties upon ftampt vellom, parchment and paper, or in any other alt of parliament relating to the like duties, which are now in force, and not hereby altered or otherwife provided for, (hall in the fame manner and form as they now Hand in force, with relation to the faid duties or any of them, be of foil force and effelt, with relation to the faid ftamp-duties hereby charged, during all the faid term of fixteen years, and (hall be applied, praltifed, made and executed for the fecuring, railing, levying, collelting, executing, anfwering and paying the faid ftamp-duties hereby charged, according to the true intent and meaning of this alt, as folly to all intents and purposes, as if the fame powers, proviuons, articles, claufes and things, and every of them, had feverally and refpe&ively been particularly ena&ed in this alt, with relation to the ftamp-duties hereby charged, and as if the ftamp-duties hereby charged had been charged by the faid laft mentioned alt of the ninth year of his faid late Majefty’s reign or in any other fuch alt or alts as aforefaid.

XIV.	And be it enalted by the authority aforefaid, That the Receivers, &c. receiver or receivers general, comptroller or other perfon or to exhibit V perfons, who are or fhall be refpeltively employed in the direlt- their yearly ing, receiving, collelting or paying the duties by this alt grant- accounts to ed, lhall .and are hereby required, between the fecond day Qf^impreft«.° Auguft and the twenty fifth day of December in every year, during the continuance of this alt, to exhibit their refpeltive yearly accounts thereof to his Majefty’s auditors of the impreft for

the time being, or one of them, who (hall and are hereby from time to time refpeltively authorized to examine upon oath the faid receiver or receivers general, comptroller or other perfon or perfons, accountant or accountants, which (hall be employed in railing, receiving or collelting the faid duties hereby granted, of and concerning what fum or fums of money was or were by them or any of them refpeltively raifed, collelted or received within the time of fuch their accounts, and likewife vrfiat part thereof was by them or any of them paid to the calhier Vol. XV.	A	a	of

Chancery may borrow money on this fund.

A book to be kept in the bank, of the monies borrowed.

Monies to be paid incourie.

Anno duodecimo Georgii I. c.33.	(1725.

of the bank of England aforefaid, and in making the faid ao counts to and before the faid auditors or one of them they are to produce proper vouchers for every fum or fums of money b by them or any of them received or paid, and the faid auditor {hall have and receive of the perfon accounting, the fum of twenty lhillings, and no more, for every thoufand pounds the faid accounts (hall amount unto; the which accounts fo audited (hall be figned by the faid auditor, and the fame (hall be at all times to the faid receiver general, his deputy or deputies, comptroller and all other officers therein concerned, a full and fuffi-cient warrant and difeharge to all intents and purpofes.

XV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe the faid court of chancery (hall judge it neod&fy, .for the payment of the demands of the fuitors of the ibid court, to borrow money upon the duties or fund hereby granted, that then it (hall and may be lawful for the faid court to borrow any fum of money thereupon, not exceeding in the whole the fum of lixty thoufand pounds, at fuch times, and in fach proportions, and to make or grant fuch order or fecurity.on the faid fund for repayment of the money fo borrowed, with in-tereft, not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, at fudt times and in fuch manner as (he faid court (ball think fit to ' dire<ft; which money fo borrowed (hall be paid into the laid bank of England, and be made part.of the general and common ca(h of the faid court, for the benefit of the faid fuitors, and (hall be iflued and ifluable, from and by the faid bank, for the like benefit of the faid fuitors, as the laid court of chancery (hall like- , wife direct.

XVI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That there (hall be provided and kept in the bank of England^ one or more book or books, in which an account of the monies that (hall be borrowed upon the credit of this adt (hall be fiurly and orderly entred and regiftred, containing and exprefling the fevcral fums fo borrowed, and the times when ’they were it- 4 fpe&ively advanced, together with the names of the perfons, 'bodies politick or corporate, lending or advancing the fiftne; and that all and every perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, who (hall lend any money upon the credit of this ad, and pay the fame into the bank of England, (hall, upon puh : during a receipt of the fame under the hand of any caihieror cafhiers of the bank, have an order of the court of chanceiy for repayment of his, her, or their principal money, with in-tereft for. the fame, to be accounted from the time of .the advancing fuch principal fum, and to be payable by tudf-yafty payments, until the repayment of his, her, or their principal money; and that fuch orders for repayment (hall be regifad in a book to be kept for that purpofe with fuch perfon or perfons, as the court of chancery (hall direft, in due councof time, according to the date of the (aid orders veijpeAivtlyi wi that all and every perfon and perfons, bodies politick or corporate, (hall be paid in tourfe, according as their ordersfaD

i725*] Anno duodecimo Georgii I. c. 33.	3,55

ftand regiftred in the faid book or books, fo as that the peribn, bodies politick or corporate, his, her, or their executors, admini-ftrators, fucceflorsorafllgns, who (hall have his, her, or their order or orders firft entred in the faid book, (hall be taken and accounted as the firft to be paid out of the monies to arife or come by virtue of this a (ft; and he, (he, or they, who (hall have his, her, or their order or orders next entred, (hall be taken and accounted to be the fecond to be paid, and fo fucceflively and in courfe; and that the monies to arife or come in by this ad (hall be in the fame order liable to the fatisfa&ion of the faid refpec-tive parties, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflbrs, or affigns fucceflively, without any undue preference one before another, and not to be divertible or diverted to any other ufe, intent or purpofe whatfoevcr j and that no fee, reward or gratuity, directly or indiredly be demanded or taken of any perfon or persons whatfoever, for providing or making any fuch books, rc-gifters or entries, or for any view or fearch of the fame, or for .the payment of any money lent upon the credit of this ad, or the intereft thereof as aforefaid, by any officer or officers, their clerks or deputies, on penalty of payment of treble da-jnages to the party grieved by the party offending, with .cofts of luit; or if the officer himfelf take or demand any fuch fee or reward, then to lofc his place alfo : and if any undue preference No unduepre* ihall be made, either in point Qf regiftry or payment, contrary ference.,

,to the true meaning of this ad, by any fuch officer or officers,

•then the party offending (hall be liable, by adion of debt or*on -the cafe, to pay the value of the debt, damages and cofts to the party grieved, and (hall be forejudged from his place or office : and if fuch preference be unduly made by any his deputy or .clerk, without the dir.edion or privity of his mafter, then fuch deputy or clerk only (hall be liable to fuch like adion, debt, damages and cofts as aforefaid, and (hall be for ever after incapable of his place or office; all which faid penalties, forfeitures, damages and cofts, to be forfeited and incurred by any .of the laft mentioned officers or any of their deputies or clerks,

■(hall and may be recovered by adion of debt, bill, plaint or information in any of his Majefty’s courts ofRecord at JVeJlminJler, wherein noeflbin, protedion, privilege, wager of law, injunction or order of reftraint (hall be in any ways granted or allowed.

XVII,	Provided always, and it is hereby enaded. That if it	be

happen that feveral orders for payment as aforefaid* bear date interpreted no or be brought the fame day to the officer to be regiftred, then undue prefe-iit (hall be interpreted no undue preference which of thofe he rcncc*

•enters firft, fo as he enters them all the fame day.

XVIII.	Provided alfo, that it (hall not be interpreted to in--cur any penalty, in point of payment, to pay fubfequent orders of the perfons that come and demand their money, and bring - their order before other perfons that did not come and demand

their money, _ai)d bring their order in their cqurfe, fo as there may be fo much money referved, as will fatisfy precedent

A a 2	orders,	.

3g$	Anno	duodecimo	Georgii	J.	c.33*	[1725;

orders, which (hall not be otherwife difpofed, but kept for them; intereft upon loan being to ceafe from the time the money is fo referved and kept in bank for them.

. XIX. And be it further ena£ted by the authority aforefaid, u^ferablc!ld That every perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, to whom any money (hall be due by virtue of this adt, after order entred for payment thereof as aforefaid, his, her or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors or affigns, by indorfement of his, her or their order or orders refpedtively, may afltgn and transfer his, her or their right, title, intereft and benefit of fuch order, or any part thereof to any other, which being notified in the office hereby appointed for entring the faid orders, and an entry or memorial thereof alfo made in the book of entry of fuch orders (which the officer (hall upon requeft, without fee or charge, accordingly make) (hall entitle fuch aflignee or aflignees, his, her or their refpedtive executors, adminiftratorsi fuccelfors or affigns, to the benefit thereof and payment thero-on, and fuch alfignee or affignecs may in like manner affign again, and fo toties quoties ; and afterwards it (hall not be in the power of fuch perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, who have or hath made fuch affignments, to make void, release or difeharge the fame, or any of the monies thereby due, or any part thereof.

The ca(h in XX. And to the end that no fuitor or fuitors of the faid court of the bank to be chancery maybe delayed in payment of any money due to him/her or them, one common but that every one may receive his or her full demand, whenfoever he or Jhe Jhall apply for the fame, in the moji eafy and expeditious way \ be it therefore enadlea by the authority aforefaid. That all the money and ca(h now depofited in the bank, or that (hall at any time hereafter be paid into or depofited in the bank, on the account of the fuitors of the faid court of chancery, or any of them, or by order of the faid court, and all the monies a-rifing by the rates and duties given by this a£t, or borrowed thereon, and paid into the bank, (hall be and be accounted and taken to be one common and general ca(h, and (hall be promif-cuoufiy iflued and ififuable when and as the court of chancery (hall direeft, for the anfwering, paying and clearing the debts and demands of any of the fuitors of the faid court.

XXI.	And whereas it appears by the reports of the fevered mafters dire fled by the right honourable the lord chancellor, purfuant to his Majcftfs direflions, to inquire into examine and fate the claimi and demands of the fuitors of the faid court upon the faid offices^ wherein the deficiency happened, that there are feveral claims both of principal and interef upon the offices of the faid Fleetwood Dormer and John Bon ett, decejfedy and of the faid Richard Godfrey and Edward determine the ^onway> not determined by the faid mafierSy but fubmitted to the claims on the determination of the courts be it enacted bv the authority afore* deficient raa- faid, That the high court of chancery (nail with all convening	ent fpeed in the moft compendious and fummary way determine

fuch claims, and caufe to be done therein what is equitable and iuft.

XXII. And

I725-] Anno duodecimo GeoRGII I. c. 33;	357

XXII.	And to the end that the accounts of the faid Richard God- Godfrey, See. frey, Edward Conway and William Kinafton, three of the pre- fo,^^|]ntbe fent mafters of the faid courts who now appear to be deficient, may be clofed, and that they may be the more effectually obliged to pay in their refpeftive deficiencies; be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid Richard GodfreyEdward Conway and William Kinafton, (hall, on or before the firft day of Hillary term in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty fix, make up their account in fuch manner, and before fuch perfon or perfons as the court of chancery (hall diredt, of all the monies and effedts of the fuitors of the faid court of chancery, come to their refpedtive hands or under their refpedtive care and diredtion, and reduce the fame to a balance; and the balance of ca(h then in their refpedtive bands (hall, on or before the laft day of the fame term, be by them refpedtively paid into the bank of England, for the benefit of the fuitors ; and the balance of the other effedts of the fuitors (hall, on or before the faid laft day of the faid term, be by them refpedtively affigned, transferred, difpofed or applied for the benefit of the fuitors, as the court of chancery (hall diredt (for which diredtion fuch mailer (hall apply to the faid court, within a convenient time before the faid laft'day of the fame term) and. if any of the faid three matters (hall negledt or refute to make up fuch account, or pay in, or difpofe of fuch balance in fuch manner as afore- ondefaulrfor-faia, that then he or they fo negledting or refuting to comply with any of the faid particulars, (hall forfeit and lofe his or their * place of matter in chancery, and fuch place. or places (hall be void, as if he or they were naturally dead: and the high court of chancery (hall alfo in fuch cafe ftate and afeertain, or caufe to be ftatea and afeertained the refpedtive balance due from fuch matters refpedtively, to the fuitors of the faid court, as well the balance of ca(h remaining in fuch mailers hands, as alfo the balance of the other effedts of the fiiitors, not anfwered by fuch matter, and value or caufe to be valued the faid balance of the faid other effedts, and reduce both thofe balances into one total fum; and whatever balance or total fum (hall be found due from, or unanfwered by fuch matter, (hall be a charge and debt on fuch mafter refpedtively, to the King’s majefty, his heirs and fuccefiors, for the benefit of the fuitors of the faid court: and for the better and more cffedtual recovery of the fame, for the benefit of the fuitors, the regifter of the laid court of chancery, or his deputy or deputies, (hall, by the direction of the faid court, certify fuch balance or total fum to the barons of his Majefty’s court of exchequer, upon parchment, without any (tamp thereon, to be filed or depofited in the court of exche-

Juer, amongft the records of the faid court, as the laid barons tall diredt; and the fum total or balance contained in fuch certificate, (hall from thenceforth be deemed and taken to be a debt from fuch mafter to the King’s majefty, his heirs and fuc* ceffors, of the fame nature, kind, quality, force and effedl, as writings obligatory, taken and acknowledged according to the

A a 3	ilatutc-

35$	Anno	duodecimo	Geor&ii I. c.33.	T|725*

ftatitfe-ftaple at Wefiminfter y and there (hall be the like procefs and execution thereon, as by the ftatute made in the three and thirtieth year of the reign of King Henry the eighth is provided for the recovery of debts due by obligation to the King; and all and every (um or fums of money that (hall be recovered thereon, (hall be paid into the bank of England, without fee or reward, and be made part of the faid general and common cafh,

• and as fuch (hall be from thence ifTued for the ufe and benefit of the fuitors of the faid court of chancery.

After the defi. XXIIL Provided alfo, and it is hereby declared and enaded, fuitors paid ^hat when and fo foon as the deficiency of the fuitors money overplus refer- intended to bcanfwercd and paid out of the fund eftabliihed by ved forpublick this act, and alfo all monies lent on the credit of this adfc, (hall ufe.	have been fully paid and fatisfied, then and from thenceforth all

the lurplus monies which (hall have been raifed out of the (aid duties upon ftampt vellom, parchment and paper, hereby given and granted, over and beyond what (hall be fufficient for ant wering fuch deficiency and monies lent, (hall be referved for the benefit of the publick, and (hall not be applied to any o* ther ufe or ufes than fiich as (hall be hereafter dire&ed by par* liament; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith* (landings

Mailers not XXIV. And in order to a full difeovery of the eftates and bK^0k±ht° c^e(^s t*ie three deficient matters of the (aid court of balance of * chancery, be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That their accounts, fuch of the faid three mailers, who on the faia lad day of HiU Scc.	lary term one thoufand feven hundred and twenty fix, (hall be

deficient in bringing into or before the bank or England, thl balance of what is due froth him or them to the fuitors of the faid court, (hall, before the firft day of Eafier term one thoufand feven hundred and twenty feven, be examined upon oath, upon fuch interrogatories touching all and Angular his and their lands, tenements, goods, chattels,' debts, and perfonal eftate whatfo-ever, and fuch other things'as may tend to diiclofe his and their eftate* or any fecrct grants, conveyances or difpofition of hit and their lands, teneipcnts, goods, chattels, debts and perfon-al eftate, as the court of chancery (hall think meet; and in cafe any of the faid three matters who (hall be deficient at the time aforefaid, (hall refufe or negieft to attend and be examined upon oath, in order for fuch difeovery, or (hall be guilty of any wilful concealment, omiffion or falfity in any examination had, in purfuahee of this -adt, then or in any of fuch cafes, every of them the faid mafters fo offending, being thereof lawfully convided, guilty of fe- lhall ^ adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer death as 3 lony. See. felon without benefit of clergy, and (hall forfeit to the King, his heirs and fuccefiors, for the benefit of the fuitors of the faid court of chancery, all and Angular his lands, tenements, hereditaments, goods and chattels whatfoever.

-	. XXV. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

t^nin" any of That in . cafe any perfon or perfons, being known luppofa) or D	z	- fufpead

i725*] Anno duodecimo Georgii I. c. 3	359

fufpeded to have or detain any part of the lands, tenements or their lands, hereditaments, goods, chattels or perfonal eftate of any of the and faid deficient! mafters, or to be able to give any information oronfum-evidence concerning the fame, or to be indebted to or for the mons, to-be benefit of any of them, (hall, after lawful fummons to appear committed to before one. or more of the mafters of the faid court of chancery, flcct* to be exatnined concerning any the real or perfonal eftate or ef-feds of the faid deficient mafters, or any of them, or any matter or thing concerning the fame, negled or refufe to come before fuch mafter or mafters at the time appointed in fuch fummons, having no lawful impediment, fuch as (hall be allowed by the faid mafter or mafters, and which (hall be then fignified and made known to the faid mafter or mafters, or (hall refufe to be fworn or to make anfwer to fuch interrogatories as (hall be adminiftred to him or them, according to the true intent and meaning of this ad; which faid fummons and examination upon oath, upon interrogatories to be adminiftred to every fuch perfon or perfons, all and every the mafters of the court of chanceiy are and is hereby authorized and required to ifiue, take and adminifter, then and in the faid refpedive cafes it (hall be	.

lawful for the court of chancery to ifliie their warrant or warrants to apprehend any perfon fo negleding or refuting to appear as aforefaid, and to commit to the prifon of the Fleet all and every fqth perfon and perfons as (hall fo refufe to be fworn, or make anfwer to fuch interrogatories as (hall be adminiftred as aforefaid, there to remain, without, bail or mainprize, until fuch time as the faid perfon fo refuting to be fworn or examined (hall fubmit him or herfelf to be examined, according to the true intent and meaning of this ad.

XXVI.	And for the more effedual difeovery of the eftates concealers and effeds of fuch deficient mafters of the faid court as afore- forfeit treble * faid, and every of them,, be it further enaded by the authority the value, aforefaid. That all and every perfon and perfons, who (hall

have accepted of any truft or trufts, or (hall conceal or proted any eftate, real or perfonal, of or for any of fuch deficient mafters as aforefaid, and (hall not before the twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty feven truly difeo-ver and difclofe fuch truft and eftate in writing to the lord high chancellor, lord keeper or lords commiffioners for the cuftody of tbe great feal for the time being, (hall forfeit treble the value of the eftate, real or perfonal, fo concealed; one moiety thereof to his Majefty, his heirs and fucccflbrs, for the benefit of the fuitors of the faid court of chancery, and the other moiety to him or them who (hall fue for the fame; to be recovered by adion of debt, bill, plaint or information in any of his Majc-fty’s courts of record at ff'ejlminfler% wherein no efioin, protection or wager of law (hall be allowed, nor any more than one imparlance $ in which cafes cofts (hall be allowed to the plaintiff as in other cafes, and (hall fuffer imprifonment for the fpace of one whole year without bail or mainprize.

XXVII.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore-

A*4	-	&id.

any cient mailers cftates*

566	Anno	duodecimo Georgii I. c. 33,	[1725.

Premium for faid, That every perfon who (halj before the twenty pinth day th S*Ptember m ihe year of our Lord one thoufand fevea hun-»ny e e- an(i twenty feven voluntarily come before one of the mailers of the faid court of chancery for the time being, and make a true difcovery in writing upon oath of any part of the eftate, real or perfonal, of any of fuch deficient mailers as aforefaid, which (hall have been concealed, and not inferted and difcover-cd in ancf by his examination, (hall be allowed after the rate of twenty pounds per centum, according to the value of fuch eftate or effedts fo difeovered, being in any part beyond the Teas; and after the rate of ten pounds per centum, according to the value of fuch eftate or effedls fo difeovered, remaining within this kingdom; to be paid and allowed to fuch perfon or perfons out of the faid eftate and effedls, or otherwife to be recovered by adlion of debt to be brought upon this adl againft the perfon whofe eftate and effects (hall be fo difeovered.

XXVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That all and every the lands, tenements, hereditaments, goods, chattels, debts, fums of money and perfonal eftate whatfoever of any of fuch deficient mailers as aforefaid, which (hall be forfeited and recovered by virtue of this aGt, (hall be paid into the bank of England without fee or reward, and be made part of the general and common cafh be* longing to the fuitors of the faid court of chancery, aqd as fuch fhall be from thence ififued and ififuable for the ufe and benefit of the faid fuitors.

XXIX.	And whereas it appears by the report qf Robert Hol-vour .of Mar- ford, efquire, one of the mafiers of the high court of chancery dated garet Conway. tf,e jay 0f March one thoufand feven hundred and twenty ftvet

That Edward Conway, efquire, is deficient in his accounts of the money and effects of the fuitors in toe fum of twenty thoufand five hundred fifty three pounds four Jbillings and three pence halfpenny j and whereas the faid Edward Conway was feifed of an eftate offive hundred pounds per annum, and upwards, as appears by the find report, cut of which Margaret wife of thefaid Edward Conway, was

All lands of the deficient mafiers to be paid into the bank.

claufe in fa-

entiiuledto her dower j but in order to makegood the faid deficiency, the faid Margaretjoined in a fine and recovery for thefals of the faid eftate, which will raijc near fourteen thoufand pounds, and thereby has deprived

herfelf of any fubfiftence, in cafe of difability or death 0/ the faid Edward Conway; to the end therefore that the laid Margaret Conway, in confideration of her giving up her dower, may have a reafonable competency to fubGft herfelf and family, be it e-nadled by the authority aforefaid, That the fum pf two thou-fand pounds, out of the money arifing by the Tale of the faid eftate, (hall be allowed and paid to Philip Gilbert and Henry Gilbert of London, gentlemen, in truft and for the foie and fe-parate ufe of the faid Margaret Conway, notwithftanding her coverture, and their receipt for the fame (hall be afufficient dif-charge for the payment thereof, by fuch perfon as is or (hall be appointed by the high cotjrt of chancery to fell and difpofe of the

faid

1725.J Anno duodecimo Georgii I. c. 34;	361

cftate; any thine herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXIV.

An aCt to prevent unlawful combinations of workmen implied in the woollen manufactures, and for better payment of their wages.

WHEREAS great numbers of weavers and others concerned in the woollen manufactures in feveral towns and parijbes in this kingdom, have lately formed themfelves into unlawful clubs and focieties, and hove prefumed, contrary to law, to enter into combines* tionSy and to make by-laws or orders, by which they pretend to regulate the trade and the prices of their goods, and to advance their wages unreafonably, and many other things to the like purpofe: and whereas the faid perfons fo unlawfully affmbling and affociating them-felves have committed great violences and outrages upon many of bis Majefty's goodfubjeCts, and by force protected themfelves and their wicked accomplices againjl law and juflice \ and it is abfolutely necef-fary that more effectual provifion jhowd be made againjl fitch unlawful combinations, and for preventing fucb violences and outrages for the future, and for bringing -all offenders in the premiffes to more fpeedy and exemplary juflice; may it therefore pleafe your molt excellent Majefty that it may be enafted, and be it enafted by yyj combina-the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice .and tkms of wooL confentof the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in combers and this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the ^*ver#iUc*‘ fame, That all contrails, covenants or agreements, and all by- &*1*	.	.

laws, ordinances, rules or orders, in fuch unlawful clubs and focieties, heretofore made or entred into, or hereafter to be made or entred into, by or between any perfons brought up in or profefling, ufing or exercifing the art and myftery of a wool-comber or weaver, or journeyman woolcomber or journeyman weaver, in any pariih or place within this kingdom* for regulating the faid trade or myftery, or for regulating or fettling the prices of goods,' or for advancing their wages, or for leflen-lng their ufual hours of work, (hall be and are hereby declared to be illegal, null and void to all intents and purpofes ; and further, that if any woolcomber or weaver, or journeyman woolcomber or journeyman weaver, or other perfon concerned in any of the woollen manufactures ^>f this kingdom (hall, at of keeping up any time or times after the twenty fourth day of June in the fuch combine-year of our Lord one thoufand feven nundred and twenty fix, keep tl0n8» .®jjy be up, continue, all in, make, enter into, fign, fealor be know- ^^rathsf^ jngly concerned in any contrail, covenant or agreement, by- 3 law, ordinance, rule or order of any club, fociety or combination by this all declared to be illegal, null and void, or (hall prefume or attempt to put any fuch illegal agreement, bylaw, ordinance, rule or order in execution, every perfon fo offending being thereof lawfully convilted upon the oath or oaths of one or more credible witnefsor witnefics, before any twe or more

jufliccg

gfo	Anno	duodecimo	Georgii I. C.j# *	[1725.

juftices of the peace for the county, city, town or place where fuch offence (hall be committed, upon any information exhibited or profecution within three calendar months after the offence committed (which oaths the faid juftices are hereby im-powered and required to adminifter) fhall, by order of fuch ju-ftices, at their diferetion be committed either to the houfe of correction, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three months, or to the common gaol of the county, city, town or place where fuch offence fhall be committed, as they lhall fee caufc, there to remain, without bail or mairiprize, for any time not exceeding three months, vcc t^torethe And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That time forwhich any Perf°n aftually retained or employed as a woolcomber or hired, to be or weaver, or fervant in the art or myftery of a woolcomber committed, nr weaver fhall, at any time.or times after the twenty fourth day of June in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty fix* depart from his fervice before the end of the time or term for which he is or fhall be hired or retained, or fhall quit or return his work before the fame be finifhed ac-cordlng to agreement, unlefs it be for fome reafonable or fuffi-cienf caufe; to be allowed by two or more juftices of the peace within their refpeCtive jurisdictions, then in every fuch cafe e-very. perfon fo offending, being thereof la wfolly convicted before two or more juftices of the peace as aforefaid, fhall be committed to the houfe of correction* there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three months; and if any woolcomber, weaver, fervant or perfon hired, retained or imployed fpolUng the in the art or myftery of a woolcomber or weaver (hall wilfully work, to pay damnify, fpoil or deftrby (without the confent of the owner) double the va- any cf the goods, wares or works committed to his care or w, «c. charge, or wherewith he (hall be intruded, every fuch offender, being thereof lawfully convicted as aforefeid, (nail forfeit and pay to the owner or owners of fuch goods or wares fo damnified, (boiled or deftroyed, double the value thereof, to be levied by oiftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant or warrants under the hands and feals of any two or more ju-(ticcs of the peace within their refpeCtive jurildiCtions, and for want of fufficient djftrcfs, fuch juftices (hall commit the party ’ or parties offending to the houfe of correction, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three months, or until fatisfaCtion be made to the party or parties aggrieved for the fame.

Clothien, &c. fn. And be it enaCted by the authority aforefaidj That every In moneyf6* clothier5 fergemaker or woollen or worftead ftuffmaker, or per-farther prwi- fon concerned in making any woollen cloths, ferges or fluffs, or fions relating to any wife concerned in employing woolcombers, weavers or other foch wages, labourers in the woollen manufaCtury, fhall, and they are here-U&Zl'v. °^,£e<*an<* requircd to pay unto all perfons by them employ-9 . * 7* ea in the woollen manufacture, the full wages or other price a-greed on in good and lawful money of this kingdom; and (hall not pay the faid wages or other price agreed on, or any part

thereof.

1725*] Anno duodecimo Georgii L c. 34.	363

thereof, in goods or by way of truck, or in any other manner than in money as aforefaid, or make any deduction from fuch; wages or price for or on account of any goods fold or delivered previous to fuch agreement by any perfon or perfons whatfoever y and for more eafy recovering the faid wages or price agreed on,- conipTaint to it (hall be lawful tor any two or more juftices of the peace with- iffue warrants in their refpedive jurisdictions, and they are hereby authorized for levying and required, upon complaint made for that purpofe, to fum- wage*, Vernon before them the party or parties offending, and for nonpayment of fuch wages or price agreed on in money as aforefaid, or fuflicient Satisfaction given for the fame to the good liking of the party or parties aggrieved, to iffue their warrant or warrants under their hands and teals for levying fuch wages or price agreed on, due as aforefaid, by diftrefs and fale of the offender's goods and chattels, rendring the overplus to the owner, and for want of fuflicient diftrefs to commit the party or parties offending to the common gaol of the county, city, town .or place where fuch offence (hall be committed, there to remain without bail or mainprize for the fpace of fix months, <or until he, the or they.

(hall pay fuch wages or price agreed on in money as aforefaio, or give full fatisfa&ion for the fame to the good liking of the party grieved.

IV.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, clothiers pay-That if any clothier, fergemaker, woollen or worfted fluff- ing wages in maker, or* perfon concerned in making any woollen cloths,

ferges or fluffs, or any ways concerned in employing woolcomb- r C1 10 • , ers, weavers or other labourers in the woollen manufactory as aforefaid, (hall* pay any perfon or perfons imployed by them..... their wages or other price agreed on, or any part thereof, either in goods or by way of truck, or in any other manner than -in money as aforefaid, contrary to the true intent and meahing *	1

of this ad, every perfon fo offending (hall alfo forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds; one moiety thereof to the informer, and the other moiety to the party or parties aggrieved, to be levied by diftrefs and faje of the offenderYgoods as aforefaid, rendring the overplus (if any be) to the owner. .

V.	Provided always. That it (hall and may be.lawful for any Appeal to the perfon aggrieved by any order or orders to be made by any two qnarter-fcfli-or more juftices of the peace as aforefaid, to appeal to the ju^ on*.

ftices of the peace affembled at the next general quarter-fefii-ons to be holden for the county, city, divifion, parifh or place where fuch order (hall be made, giving reafonable notice of fuch. appeal, the reafonablenefs of which notice (hall be determined by the juftices of the peace at the quarter-fefiions to which the appeal is made, and if it (hall appear to them, that reafonable time of notice was not given, then they (hall adjourn the faid appeal to the next quarter-fefiions, and then and there finally hear and determine the fame; and the juftices who in the general quarter-fefiions (hall hear the matter, (hall have power to award reafonable cofts to either party, as to them (hall feem juft.

VI* And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That if Aff ..

*ny threitning

3*4

maftert, fee. felony.

Breaking Into a (hop to cut any (erges,5ec« felony.

This aft to extend to comb' ers and frame work knitters

Anno duodecimo Georgii I. c. 34.	[172

any perfon or perfons (hall, after the twenty fourth day of June in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty fix, afuult or abufe any matter woolcomber or matter weaver, or other perfon concerned in any of the woollen manufactures of this kingdom, whereby any fuch matter or other perfon (hall receive any bodily hurt, for not complying with, or not conforming, or not Tubmitting to any fucn illegal by-laws, ordinances, rules or orders aforefaid; or if any perlon or perfons lhall write or caufe to be written, or knowingly fend or caufe to be fent, any letter, or other writing or meflage, threatning any hurt or harm to any fuch matter woolcomber or matter weaver, or other perfon concerned in the woollen manufacture, or threatning to burn, pull down or dettroy any of their houfes or out-houfes, or to cut down or dettroy any of their trees, or to maim or kill any of their cattle, for not complying with any demands, claims or pretences of any. of his or their workmen, or others employed by them in the faid manufacture, or for not conforming or not fubmitting to any fuch illegal by-laws, ordinances, rules or orders as aforefaid; every perfon fo knowingly and wilfully offending in the premises, being thereof lawfully convicted upon any indictment, to be found within twelve calendar months next after any fuch offence committed, (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall be tranfportcd for feven years to fome or one of his Majefty’s colonies or plantations in America^ by fuch ways, means ana methods, and in fuch manner and under fuch pains and penalties, as felons in other cafes are by law to be tranfportcd.

VII.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That if any perlon or perfons (hall, by day or by night, break into any houfe or (hop, or enter by force into any houfe or (hop, with intent to cut or dettroy any lerge or other woollen goods in the loom, or any tools employed in the making thereof, or (hall wilfully and malicioufly cut or dettroy any fuch ferges or woollen goods in the loom or on the rack, or (hall burn, cut or dettroy any rack on which any fuch ferges or other woollen goods are nanged in order to dry, or (hall wilfully and malicioufly break or dettroy any tools ufca in the making any fuch ferges or other woollen goods, not having the confent or the owner fo to do, every fuch offender, being thereof lawfully convicted, (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer death as in cafe of felony, without benefit of clergy.

VIII.	And whereas the myjlerics of combing' jerfey cr wool> and of frame-work knitting and making of Jtockingsy are cmfiderable branches of the woollen manufacture of this kingdom: be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That this aCt, and all the claufes, provifoes, pains, penalties and forfeitures therein contained, (hall extend,and be conttrued and adjudged to extend, tocombersofjerfey and wool, to frame-work knitters and weavers or makers of dockings, and to all perfons whatfoever employed or concerned in any of the faid manufactures, in as full and ample manner as any other part of the woollen manufacture is provided for

by

1725.] Anno duodecimo Geor&i I. c. 35.’	365

by this a£t; and the pains, penalties and forfeitures which (hall be incurred by virtue hereof, (hall be infli&ed,' levied and taken in the fame manner, as the pains, penalties and forfeitures before-mentioned in this ad are direded, ordered and appointed*

CAP. XXXV.

An aft to prevent abufes in making of bricks and tiles, and to afcertain the dimenfions thereof, and to prevent all unlawful combinations amongft any brickmakers or tilemakers within fifteen miles of the city of London in order to advance or enhance the price of bricks or tiles.

WHER E AS by an aft of parliament made in the feventeenth i7Edw«4«C4.

year of the reign of his fate majefy King Edward the Fourth, intituled, The preparation of earth for making of tile, divers good ptoviftons and directions were made for the good and fufficient making of plain-tiles, roof-tiles aud gutter-tiles: and whereas her late majefy §>ueen Elizabeth, ty her letters patent or charter under the great feal of England, bearing date the third day of Auguft which was in the tenth year of her reign, did for berfetf and her fuccejfors grant unto the perfons therein named, and all other freemen of the myftery or art of tilers and bricklayers of London, and the Juburbs thereof, to be one body corporate, by the name of the mafter and keepers or wardens of the fociety of freemen of the myfery and art of tilers and bricklayers, and by that name to Have perpetual fuc-cejfion, and amongft other matters and things in the faid charter men-tioned, gave to the faid company the fearch, correction and government of perfons uftng the faid myfery or arty and of all other things and matters whatfoever to the faid myfery or art any ways belonging or appertainingy as well within the city of London and liberties and fuburbs thereof , as within any place or places within fifteen miles of the faid city: and whereas feveral orders and ordinances have been made by the faid mafter and wardens of the faid fociety, for fearcb-ingy viewing and making good bricks and tilesy which have been con-firmedy purluant to an aft made in the nineteenth year of his late ma- „ jefty King Henry the Seventhy intituled, For making ftatutes by 19	*7#	"*

bodies incorporate, and whereas9 notwithftanding the before-mentioned aft of parliament, orders and ordinances, feveral perfonsy ef-pecially within the compafs of fifteen miles of the city of London, dig the clay or earth for making of bricks at unfeafonable times in the year, and continue to make bricks of bad Jluff and urtfizeable dimenfions, and do not well burn the fame\ and in making thereof mix great quantities of foil called Spanilh, and in burning thereof ufe fmall ajh-es and cynders commonly called breeze, inftead of coals, and bum the bricks commonly called grey-flock bricks in clampSy and the bricks commonly called place-bricks in the fame clamps, on the outfide of the faid grey-Jlock pricks, by means whereof great part of the tricks now ufu-ally made are fo hollow and unfound, that they will fcarce bear their own weight: and whereas there is at prefent no provifton made by any law for the dimenfms of bricks to be made and ufed in buildings, or

ftr

£66	Anno	duodecimo Georgii I. c.37.	[1725*

for the lengths, breadths or thicknejfes of pan-tiles, which are but a •	late invention in England, may it pleafe your mod excellent Ma-

jefty, that for the common good and benefit of your Majefty’s fubje&s, and the duration of buildings, and the better ascertaining the times of digging the earth, and the manner of making and burning bricks and pantiles hereafter to be made for fale, and the lengths, breadths and thicknefles of fuch bricks and pantiles, that it may be enaded, Isfr. EXP.

All earth for making bricks for fale, (hall be dug and turned between the firft of November and the firft of February, and no part (ball be made into bricks 'till after the firft of March, and no bricks (hall be made for fale but between the firft of March and the twenty ninth of September, and no Brick earth or Spanifh (hall be mixed with brick earth, nor any breeze ufed in the burn-Jkreexe may he big; and all bricks (hall be burnt in kilns, or in diftinlt clamps, the place-made ufe of bricks by them (elves and the (lock- bricks by themfelvesj and place bricks 3 Geo. a. c. la. Ihall be not lefs than nine inches long and two inches am^an half thick, and four inches and a quarter wide) and ftock bricks (hall be of the fame dimenfionsas to the lengths and breadths, and one eighth of an inch thicker $ and pamiles (hall be not lefs than thirteen inches and an half long, and nine inches and an half wide, and half an inch thick. Mafter and war-dens of the tilers and bricklayers company may fearch. Mafter and war-Searchers are to dens may fumm(>ll the makers before them, and fine offenders. Juftices be af>pomted by may nominate perfons to fearch in other places. Who are to make tbeir tbejiytues, efr. presentments twice in the year. Mafter and wardens, See. to fearch twice % Gco# 2. c. 15. ln thc year the making of all tiles, &c. and the juftices in all other places.

Contrails for ingrofliug bricks or tiles, &c. illegal. Determined aad&XP. a Geo. 2. c. 15.	•

CAP. XXXVI.

An all for building a bridge crofs the river of Thames from the town of Fulham in the county ofMiddlefex, to the town of Putney in the county of Surrey.

Commiflioners appointed to lay out the bridge, and the ways thereto, &c. Burning or deftroying the bridge, felony. His Majefty may incorporate the commiflioners. A pontage to be paid for every coach, See. drawn by fix borfes, 2s. drawn by four borfes, is. 6d. drawn by lefs than four horl-. es, is. For every waggon, See. drawnby four horles, is. 6d. and by left than four horfes, is. For every liorfe. See. not drawing, id. For every foot paflenger on Sundays id. and on every other day one halfpenny. Fpr oxen or neat cattle ltd. per fcore. For calves, hogs, (beep or lambs 6d. per fcore. The pontage veiled in thetruftees. Money, borrowed, or raifed by the duties, to be applied to the bridge. Accounts, See. to be delivered into parliament once a year. Money may be borrowed at 5I. per cent, or annuities fold for lives or 21 years, payable out of the tolls. If annuities exceed 1500I. per annum, corporation to forfeit double the value of the fum advanced exceeding that fum. If the bridge be damaged, corporation may erell a ferry, to continue till the bridge be repaired. Satisfa&on to hepaid before the bridge (hall be erelled. If no application, for damages before 24 June 1727, commiflioners may proceed. Bifhops of Londoo to have free paflage over the bridge, See. ^ On death or refutal to all, coro-jmflioners to elell new ones. No covnmiflioner to have any place of profit nr Wing by the tolls. Not to prejudice the jurifti&ion of the mayor, Sk. of London.

CAP.

1725*] Aano duodecimo Georgii L

CAP. XXXVII. .	^

An aft for repairing the roads in the parijhes if, Kenfington, Chelfea and Fulham, and ether parjfbes therein mentionedj

in the county of Middlefex.

WHEREAS .the feveral roads leading from Counters bridge in the parijb of Kenlington, to the Jlones end near Piccadilly, and from Fulham ferry to Knightsbridge, and from Chelfea ferry to the Jlones enact James-ftreet, Weftminfter, and from the town Kenfington 7* Chelfea churchy from North-End, joining to the Hammerfmith road^ to Wanfdown Green, and from Hyde-Park corner^ down to the lower road from Chelfea to Weft-minfter, are become fo ruinous* fcc.

The toll granted by this took.place the ift of June 17*6, and from thence to continue for the term of 21 years. Continued and enlarged 6 Geo. a. c. 15. and i^Geo.*. c. 16.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An aft for making the river Dun in the weft-riding of the county of York navigable, from Holmftile in Doncafter, up to the utmoftextent of Tint* ley, weft ward, atownfhip within two miles of Sheffield.

The company of cutlers hi ’HaUamdiire impowered-to make the river Dm

navigable *. making fatisfaftion for damages. Commiftioners appointed, to determine differences between the undertakers and others. Undertakers to meddle with no land, kc. ttll payment or tender. Commiftioners may fine perfons fummoned on juries, or to give evidence. None to lit as a eommiftion er, unteft* feifed in an eftate of rool. per annum. Jurymen not to be interefted. Damages by default of the undertakers, to be fettled by a jury. Not to ereft a new dam, &c. near Holmftile, or above Doncafter, See. To make but one cut between Aldwark and Thribergh mill-dams. Not to take the water out of Dun, by a cut nearer to Kilnhurft Forge, than out of Thribergh dam, &c. Wears for forges let out of repair, undertakers may erect others, &c. Undertakers to make a good road at Tint-ley. Undertakers to take id. for every ton of goods carried through Tmf-ley upon the river, above the lock-duties. Inhabitants ftill to perforin their days works. Rates and duties of tonnage (hall be fuch as the company of Cutlers lhall think fit, not exceeding as. fid. * for every fodder of lead or lead ore, or 3s. for every cuftomary ton of iron, fted, horns, bools, bones, box wood; or 3s. fid. for every ton of deals, boards or timber of foreign growth, cheefe, fait, corn, cutlery wares, iron wares, groceries or other merchandizes 5 or 6d. for every ton of lime or lime-ftone brought up the river to Rotherham or above Aldwark wafli; or ^d. for every ton of lime or lime-ftone brought up to Tinfley; or 3d. for every ton of lime or lime-ftone carried up or down the river to Doncafter warn, or any o-tber place between Aldwark wafli and Doncafter; or for every ton of coals, (tone, iron, Tough, mettle, wood and timber which lhall be carried from the head of the navigation, or any part of the lordftiip of Tinfiey down to Holmftile or Doncafter, or from Doncafter or Holmftile up to . Tinfley (except .wood and timber of Engliih growth, for which only 1 s. id. per.ton is to be paid, arid from Rotherham to'Nolmftfle no more than is. per ton) not exceeding is. fid. and from Rotherham not exceeding is. or on any part between Rotherham and Kilnhurft works, and from thence to Denaby, Mexburgh and Cuningsbrough, not exceeding is. fid. or on any part between Cuningsbrough and Holmftile not exceeding is. Managers of boats to give juft accounts of their goods. On death or refufal to a£t, commiftioners to ele& new ones. Undertakers may fet up winches or other engines to tow up veftels; to maintain gates, &c. in toe towing

paths.

j68	Anno	decfano	tertio	GeoEGII	L	c.	1*2^	[1726*

paths, and bridges oyer the new cuts. All meetings of the comnuffion-ers to be within fix miles of the matter in qudtion. Mailers of boats an-fwerable for their boatmen. Owner's name to be fet on the outiide of every veflel. Owners of Thribergh forge. See. may appoint one to prevent leaving open the lodes, to be paid by the undertdeers. A free navigation from Holmftile to Tinfley weftward, paying the dudes. Owners oflands may life pleafure-boats on the river. River Dun not under the fiirvey of the cominiffioners of fewers. Locks to be opened on demand for free palfege. Undertakers may borrow money on the duties. Lords of manors, or owners of ground, may build warehoufes. See. on their own lands. Not to make any cut out of Doncafter corn-mill dam, between that and Holmftile-

CAP. XXXIX.

An aft for making provifion for the reftor of Saint Mary le Strand in the county of Middlefex, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

acool. allotted for the maintenance of the reftor of Saint Mary le Strand. Xreafurer to lay out that fum as the commifiioners (hall appoint. 125L yearly to be railed on the inhabitants. Veftiy to make the aflefiVnent, See, To beconfirmed by two juftkes. To be paid to the reftor quarterly. Ju-fticea to fettle complaints. Unoccupied noufes to be paid for by the next tenants. Churchwardens to make two tranferipts of the afleflments. Sec, Yearly pound-rate, and the produce of ijool. to be the annual maintenance of the reftor. Reftory not to be held in Commendam. Houle built for the reftor out of the parifli, to be deemed part of the parilh. Parilh-clerk of St. Mary le Strand, a member of the company of parilh-clerks.

AnnoRegni GEORGII I. Regis Magna Britannia, Francia&Hi6emiaf dtcimo tertio.

AT the parliament begun and bolden at Wcftminftcr, the ninth day of October, Anno Domini one thou-/and /even hundred and twenty two, in the ninth year of the reign of our fovereign lord GEORGE, by the Grace of Gold, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued by fevered prorogations to the feventeenth day of January one tboufand /even hundred and twenty fix •, being the fifth fejfion of this prefent parliament.

CAP. I.

An aft for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land-tax to be railed m Great Britain, for the forvice of the year one thoufond fovea hundred and twenty feven. EXP. 4/. in tbe Found,

An aft for

CAP. II.

CAP.

t?i6f] Anno decimo itertio Geo&giiI. c. y	$6<j

CAP. III.

An aft for redeeming fundry annuities transferable at the bank of England, and the annuities payable on Jlandiujg orders for army-debentures, by the produce of the finking fund^ for applying to the fame fund the money remaining in the exchequer on the head of the bankers debt, and making provifton for future claims on the fame debt, and for applying tbi lottery-tickets, Anno one tboufand feven hundred and twenty fix, which were returned into the exchequer, to the difcharging the ftanding orders made out for the fujferers at Nevis and St. Chriftophers, as far as the fame will extend.

MOST gracious Sovereign, Whereas by or in purfuance of an aft of parliament made in the third year of your Mafefiys reign, intituled. An ad for redeeming the duties and revenues, 3 Geo. *•c* 7« which we^e fettled to pay off principal and intereft on the orders made forth on the four lottery ads patted in the ninth and tenth years of her late Maiefty’s reign, and for redeeming certain annuities payable on Orders out of the hereditary excife, according to a former ad in that behalf, and for eftahlilhing a general yearly fund, hot only for the future payment of annuities at feveral rates to be payable and transferable at the bank of England, and redeemable by parliament, but alfo to raife monies for fuch proprietors of the faid orders, as (hall chufe to fate paid their principal arid arrears of intereft in ready money, and fof making good fuch other deficiencies and payments as in this ad are mentioned, and for taking off the duties on linfeed imported, and Britijb linen exported, feverql annuities or yearly fums after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, amounting to the fum of one hundred and two tboufand thirty fix pounds thirteen Jhillings and two pence per annum, or thereabouts, were made payable by the cajbier of the bank of England for the time being, for fevered principal fums, amounting together to two millions five hundred and fifty tboufand nine hundred and fixteen pounds eight killings and eight pence halfpenny, for monies contributed by tallies {/ Sol, and contained in army-delentures, certified on or before the one and twentieth day of March one tboufand fcVen hundred and nineteen, and were by virtue or in purfuance of. the fame aft made payable out of a certain yearly fund of fiven hundred twenty four tboufand eight hundred forty nine pounds fix Jbillings and ten pence one fifth part of a penny per annum, commonly allied the general fund, eflablijbed 'ey the fame aft; and by or in purfuance of another aft of the fifth year of your Majefiy's feign, intituled. Ah ad for the relier of 5 G*o. t. c. ift Edward Clent, elq; executor of lieutenant colonel Thomas Gent, * for an army-debenture loft in the pay-office, one or more annuity or annuities amounting to twenty three pounds eight Jbillings and three pence farthing per annum, or thereabouts, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, became payable by the faid cajbier of the bank of Eng!and for the time being, out of the faid generalfund of VoL. XV.	B b	feven

Anno decimo tertio Gbokgii I. c. g. [1716.

feven hundred twenty four thoufand tight hundred forty nine pounds fix /hillings end ten pate and me fifthfart of a penny per annua, for the principal fum of five honored eighty five pounds jeven fitfilings and one penny, dated to be due on a lo/l debenture, mentioned in tat fame ail-, all with before-mentioned annuities wire made payable until the redemption thereof by parliament, upon fitch notice or notices as by the fevtral ails of parliament relating to the find fe-c, j .vend annuities, are for toot purpofe required: end by or in purfuante of another al1 of parliament made in the fifth year of year Majejh's reign, intituled. An aft for applying overplus monies, and further fums to be raifed as well by way of a lottery aa by loans, towards paying off and cancelling exchequer-bills, and for leflcning the prefent great charge in relation to thofe bills, and for circulating and exchanging for ready money the refidue of the fame bills for the future, fevered anum-' ties amounting in the whole to the yearly fum of twenty thonfud pounds after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, for the principal fums amounting to five hundred tkoufand pounds contributed to a lottery founded on that ail, are payable by the eafidor, of the bant of England, out of a yearly fund of twenty thoufand pounds thereby tharged (amongft ether things) upon the iatiet and revenues thereby denominated the aggregate pend, fubjeil nevertbelefs to. q fts-c ' vifo of redemption upon fucb notice and payments, as by tbe a& kfi * ** mentioned are prescribed-, and whereas by a fubfequent ait of padta-ment of the fixth year of your Majefiy's reign, for enabling'.the South-Sea company to mcreafe their capital dock and fund»ir was provided amongfi other things, that the fold fevered, annuities before-mentioned might be taken into the capital flock andfund office South-Sea company, and in purfuance thereof, great parts oftbefidi Jeveral annuities were accordingly Jubfcribod into the find capital flock and fund of the faid South-Sea company; and whereat there fiill remains of the faidfeveral annuities unfubferibed into the capital flock of the faid company the feveral annuities following, that is-to fin, the yearly fum of feven thoufand nine hundred fifty eight peunds fi* Jbillings and eight pente three farthings, being after toe rate erf flier pounds per centum per annum, for or in refpett of the unfueferiki principal fum of one hundred ninety eight thoufand nine hundrtd fifty eight pounds eight Jbillings and three pence, for the bqfore-mptttmd tallies of Sol, the yearly fum of fifteen thoufand Seven hundred twenty fevtn pounds fifteen /billings and nine pence farthing, bdug after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, for Or in n-fptil of the unfubferibed principal fum of throe hundred, ninety these thoufand one hundred ninety four pounds fourteen /killings and fivt peace halfpenny, for the before-mentioned army-debentures \ out. the yearly fum of two thoufand three hundred and thirty two pounds, being after the Uke rate of four pounds per centum per annum, fir or in rcfpeil of the principal fum of fifty eight thoufand three mm-dred pounds, remaining unfubferibed of the faid lottery find of the fifth year of your Majefifs reign-, all which unfubferibed prtmtyd fums amount together to the Jum of-fix hundred and fifty thonfiui fur hundred and fifty three pounds two jhillings and eight pout halfpenny-, nstj th* jewal annuities attending thereon amount together

17*6.] Anno decirno tertio GxoJtott I; C.j.'	371

tier to the yearly fum if twenty fix thoufand and eighteen pounds two /billings and fix ponce, and are payable by the taftner of the bank of England: and whereas by or in purfitance of fiundry fubfeqteent ads of parliament, for taking and fating the accounts and debts of the army, feveral fending orders have been or may be made out for payment at year Majefty't exchequer, of fundry annuities, amounting together to the yearly Jum of twenty one theufand nine hundred ana fifty feven pounds eleven JhitHngs and tight pence farthing, being after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum,for or in rtfpctt offt-veratprincipal jams, amounting together to me hundred forty eight thoufand nine hundred thirty nine pounds twelve /hidings and fix pence farthing, contained in army-debentures, for debts certified finer the twenty firft day of March' one thoufand feven hundred and neteenj which lajt mentioned annuities are alfo charged on the faid general fiend of Jtven hundred twenty four theufand eight hundred forty nine pounds fix flattings and ten pence and one fifth part of a penny per annum, and art made payable watt the redemption thereof by parliament, upon fuch notice or notices, as in or by the fevtral offs of parliament reletting thereto are for that purpofi required} and whereas till the before-mentioned unjubferibed principal fums transferrablt at the bank of England, and the fevered principal fums contained in the find exchequer-orders, amount together tb the principal fum Of ant mtttton one hundred and ninety nine thoufand three hundred and ninety two pounds fifteen flattings and two pence three farthings, and the fevered'annuities attending thereon amount together to the yearly fum of forty feven thoufand nine hundred feventy five pounds fourteen /bettings and two pence farthing', and whereas your Majejly’s moft dutiful and loyalfubjtSIs, the commons of Grout Britain in parliament ojfembltd, being determined that the find fiveral before-rheri-tioned annuities Jbould be redeemed in order to leffin the publish debts and incumbrances, and the nccejfary charges relating thereto, as fafias may bt coufiftent with jufiice and honour, did on the feventh Notice by the

eMarch one theufand firm hundred and twenty fix, oraer their *P5!ker,on to figuify in writing their\ fiveral refohetient to redeem the fiend annuities; therefore we vour Majefty's moft dutiful and redeeming loyal fubje&s, the commons of Great Britain in parliament af- tbefe annui-iembied, do moft humbly befeech your Majefty, that it may be tle,» btc. ena&ed; and be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confentof the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament aiiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That fuch orders and {Unifications as aforefaid, (hall be and be deemed, adjudged and taken to be good and fufficient notice or notices within the true intent and meaning of the feveral ads of parliament for the redemption of the laid feveral annuities, and the fame (hall be redeemable accordingly; any thing in the fame, or any other ad or ads of parliament to the contrary In any wife notwithftanding.

II.	And be it further ena&eo by tne authority aforefaid, From Lady-That by or out of fuch monies as are or (hail be in the receipt day 17*7, of exchequer, of the furplufles, excefles or overplus monies ,>*99>J9*1. commqnly called the finking fund, ariftn or to arife at or from tobe briial'for

B ba	the

Anno decimo tertio GeorgIii I. c. 3.	[1716.

thepaying off the feaft of the annunciation of the Mcflcd Virgin Mary in the tfa^_xn" year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty feven

(after payment of, or referving fufficient to pay fuch monies as have been before directed by the authority or parliament 10 be paid out of the faid furplufles, exceffes or overplus monies) there (hall be iflued, paid and applied at the faid teaft-day, and afterwards, from time to time, as the fame (hall arife, at the end of every fix months, on which the accounts thereof are di-redted by parliament to be made up, or oftner if the fame can be conveniently dene, any fum or fums of money not exceeding in the whole the fum of one million one hundred ninety nine thoufand three hundred ninety two pounds fifteen (hillings and two. pence three farthings, for or towards the paying off or difeharg-ing the laid feveral principal fums fo as aforefaid amounting together to the like fum of one million one hundred ninety nine, thoufand three hundred ninety two pounds fifteen (hillings and two pence three farthings, in fuch manner, order and degree as is herein after mentioned, that is to fay, the fum of one hundred ninety eight thoufand nine hundred fifty eight pounds eight (hillings and three pence, part thereof, for the redeeming and paying off the like principal fum remaining unfubferibed into the capital (lock of the South-Sea company, of the joint ftock attended with annuities as aforefaid, for the before-mentioned tallies of Sol, the fum of three hundred ninety three thoufand one hundred ninety four pounds fourteen millings and five pence halfpenny, other part thereof, for the redeeming and paying off the like principal fum remaining unfubferibed into the capital (lock of the South-Sea company, of the joint ftock attended with annuities as aforefaid, for the beforetnentioned army-debentures, certified before the one and twentieth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen, the fum of fifty eight thoufand three hundred pounds, other part thereof, for the redeeming and paying off the like principal fum, remaining unfubferibed into the capita] ftock of the Sauth*Sea company, of the joint ftock attended with annuities as afore-faid, for the faid lottery, in the fifth year of his Majefty’s reign; and the fum of five hundred forty eight thoufand nine hundred thirty nine pounds twelve (hillings and fix pence farthing, re-fidue thereof, for the redeeming and paying off the feveral principal fums contained in the (landing orders made or to be made out at the exchequer, for army debentures, certified fince the? twenty firft day of March one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen.

P iori 1 HI" And be it further cnadted by the* authority aforefaid, tratferrable at 'That fuch of the faid principal fums as are transferable at the the bank, to bank of England, (hall be paid in intire payments, to the cafhier be paid to the of the faid bank, for the ufe of the feveral proprietors thereof, calmer in en- by way Qf jmpreft, and upon account, to be by him paid over as foon after as conveniently may be, to the feveral perfons iifr* titled to receive the fame; and that fuch of the faid principal fums as are contained in the frid ftanding.ordcrsi made or to be

made

tire (urns.

1726.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii t. c. 3:	373

made out at the exchequer, (hall be paid off in fuch numerical order, courfe and progreffioa as the faid feveral orders do or ..

(hall (land upon the regifter thereof, kept at the exchequer, be- JtfhT' ginning with No 1. and fo on progrelfively, until all of them exchequer to lnall be paid off and difcharged, without any undue preference be paid in of any one of them before the other of them, in the like man- couri** ner in all refpefts as is directed in an aft of this prefent feflion of parliament, intituled. An aft for granting an aid to his Ma- r jelly by a land-tax, to be raiftd in Great Britain, for the fervict of** Geo *'c‘ ** the year one theufand /even hundred and twenty jeven, for paying off and difcharging the feveral orders of loan direfted or authorized to be made forth by virtue or in purfuance of the fame aft.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority

aforefaid, That in cafe the commiflioners of his Majefty’s trea- Treafury may fury now or for the time being, or any three or more oif them, poftpone dif-or the lord high treafurer for the time being, (hall judge it more chargingex-convenient to redeem or pay off all or any of the before-men-	^

tiooed joint docks of annuities transferable at the bank of demption of England, preferably to the difcharging and cancelling all or any the annuities, part of the exchequer-bills now (landing out and charged on

the faid (inking fund, then it (hall and may be lawful for them, or any three of them, from time to time, by and with the consent of the contraftors for circulating and exchanging the fame exchequer-bills, and not otherwife, to poftpone or defer tho paying off, cancelling or difcharging the feme exchequer-bills, or any of them, until after the redemption and payment of all or any of the feid joint docks of annuities, but no further; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.	And be further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That All annuities all fuch annuities as (hall grow or become due or payable, for due tillre-pr in refpeft of the feveral before-mentioned annuities, until the fk”PP.on t0 redemption thereof by payment of the feid principal monies, in ^aM* manner as aforefaid, and all arrears thereof (if any fuch (hall

be) (hall be paid, together with the feid refpeftive principal fums, out of the refpeftive funds, on which the fame are at prefent charged or chargeable^ and that when, and as any of the feid feveral principal fums (hall from time to time be paid off, or money fuffi-cient for that purpofe (hall be referved in the exchequer, or in the hands of the faid cafhier, payable on demand, the annuity attending the fame (hall from thenceforth be, and is hereby declared to be redeemed, and (ball no longer be paid or payable, but (hall ceafe and determine for the benefit of the finking fund.

VI.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority aforefeid. That aft the monies which (hall arife of or for the the sinking faid furpluffes, excefles and overplus monies (over and beyond Fund appro, what will fetisfy and pay the feveral monies before-mentioned, j“ja.te‘1 f°r and fuch other charges, as have been heretofore made thereon nat'iofuS'dfbt* by authority of parliament) (hall be appropriated, .referved and incurred be. applied, to and for the further difcharging the principal and in- fore ij Dec. tend of fuch national debts and incumbrances,, aa were incur- I7*6-

red before the twenty fifth day of December one thoufend feven

Bb 3	hundred

ii & n w. c. fl. f. 15.

3(^0.1. C

Anno derimo tertio Georgii I. c. 3.	£1716.

hundred and fixteen, and are declared to be national debt*, and were provided for by a A or acts of parliament, in fuch manner and form as (hall be direAed by any future aA or aAt of parliament to be difcharged therewith, or out of the lame, and to and for none other ufe, intent or purpofe whatfoever. j. VII. And whereas in and by an aft of parliament made andpaffei in tbe twelfth jeer of the reign of bis late mayfly King William the thud (of glorious memory) it was (amongft other things) provided and enaftei, that in lieu and difeharge of certain perpetual annual payments, and of all arrears thereof granted by bis late mepefiy King Charles the Second, by letters patent out of tbe hereditary revenue of extife, in fatisfaftim of certain principal fume mentioned in the fast letters patent, to be then due from bis faid late Majefly to the re-fpeftive patentees therein named, tbe find hereditary revenue of ex-rife fbould, from and after the twenty fixth day if December one tboufnd feven hundred and five, be arid Rand charged and chargeable for ever with the payment of annual Jams, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, for tbe principal fums mentioned in the fed letters patent, to be ijfued and paid out of the faid revenue by quarterly payments out of the receipt of tbe Exchequer, by the of r. fleers of the fame, unto the rejpeftive owners and proprietors of the faid annual turns, and to their heirs and ajfigns for ever, without any fee or charge, the faid annual payments after tbe rate of thru pounds per centum per annum, to he fubjeft nevertbelefs to he redeemed upon payment of a moiety of the principal Junes mentioned in tbe faid letters patent 5 and whereas the whole of all the Jams mentioned in the faid letters patent, and which are commonly catted the bankers debt, did amount to one million three hundred and twenty eight tboujand five hundred and twenty fix pounds, and the nmety thereof for which the faid annual fums were redeemable, did amount to fix hundred fixty four thoufand two hundred and fixty three pounds, and the faid moieties were by tbe faid aft of tbe third year of bis 7 Majefly's nign (for redeeming the duties and revenues which were fettled to pay off principal and intereft on the orders made forth on four lottery-efts) providedfor to be jubjeribed into a jointflock of annuities at five pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament, and transferable at the bank 0/England; and whereas fever ral of the faid principal fums mentioned in the faid letters patent, by length of time or other accidents, have been forgot or negUfted to be claimed by the proprietors thereof and probably no title to them, or feveral of them, can or will be made out; and whereas there now remains in the exchequer the fum often thoufand [even hundred and twenty five pounds five JbiUings and three pence farthing, which has been referved there for feveral years, to anfwer the annuities due m fueb unclaimed debts, from tbe faid twenty fixth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and five, to the twenty ninth day of September one thoufand feven hundred andfiventeen, which he the noon time, and until fuch titles con be made out, might be imployed towards .the dijetarging the national debts incurred before the twenty fifth dtp of December one thoufand feven hundred and fixteen, whereby then would be an annual faviUjg of the intereft thereof: be it therefore

cnaAed

1726.] Anno derimo teido Georgii I. c. 3.	375

ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the faid dim of ten 10,7*5 5 *• thoufand feven hundred twenty 6ve pounds five (hillings and	un-

three pence farthing; now remaining in the exchequer, (hall cuimeddebts, and may be iflued and applied for, and as part of the fund com- to be applied monly called the Sinking Find, towards the redemption and pay- for paying off ment of all or any of the joint docks of annuities herein before *“e *nnwUe** directed to be dilcharged thereby; any thing in any former ad or ads of parliament to the contrary notwitnftanding.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed by the authority provifon for aforefaid. That in cafe at any time or times hereafter, any per- future claims fon or perfons (hall make out a good tide to any of the faid un- on that debt, (atisfied principal fums, to the faticfadion of the commiffioners

of his Majefty’s treafury now or for the time being, or the lord high trealurer for the time being, then or in any rach cafe, and fo often as the fame (hall happen, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commifliones of the treafury, now or for the time being, or any three of them, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, to compute the principal and intend that would have been payable thereon, in cafe the lame had been claimed in due rime, and to order and dire# the fame to be paid and difeharged out of any of the monies arifen or to arife at the exchequer, of or for the feveral furplufles, excefles or overplus monies commonly called the Sinking Fund, fo as the fum or /urns of money fo to be ordered and direded, do not exceed in the whole the faid fum of ten thoufand feven hundred twenty five pounds, five (hillings and three pence farthing, herein before directed to be iflued and applied as part of the finking (und ; any thing in this or any former or other aft or ads of parliament to the contrary notwith(landing.

IX.	And whereas, in purfuance of an aU ofparliament pajftd in Lottery.

the twelfth pear of hit Majefifs reign, intituled, An ad for grant- tickets 17*6. ing to bis Majefty the fum of one million, to be raifed by way	“

ofa lottery, eleven thoufand and ninety three lottery-tiekets were re- tobetpp2edr turned into the exchequer, as and for the fitm of one hundred and ten for difcSra-

thoufand and ninety three tickets happened to he infilled in blanks, and Oiriftophers.*

benefits, computed altogether, only to the principal fum of one hundred isGeo. 1. c.s,

and three thoufand two hundred and feventy two pounds and ten Jbil-

Ungs, as their Jhare or inter ell in thejoint flock of three pounds per

centum annuities, created (y the lend all, by means whereof there

was a deficiency or lofs of cafb in the exchequer, on that head of fer-

vice, of feven thoufand fix hundred and fifty feven pounds ten Jhil-

lings, which hath fince been provided for, as part of the film of one

hundred and fixty thoufand three hundred and fix pounds feventeen

fintiings and five pence farthing, granted in this prefent feffums of'

parliament, for the deficiency of grants for the fervtce of the year one

thoufand feven hundred and twenty fin\ be it therefore ena&ed by

the authority aforefaid. That the teller of the exchequer, into

whole office the bid eleven thoufand and ninety three tickets

J3b4	were

376	Anno dccimo tertio Geoxgii I.	[1726.

were returned as aforefaid, (hall be, and is hereby difcharg-ed of and from the laid deficiency, or fum of feven thou-fand fix hundred, and fifty feven pounds and ten (hillings, which did happen or arife as a lofs thereon, upon the drawing of the faid lottery, and (hall not be any further or longer charged therewith.

X.	And whereas the fold lottery-tickets fo entitled as aforefaid* being applicable to any part of the /applies granted in the tafl jtfflons of parliament* have been accordingly applied towards making good the deficiencies of the generalfund for the years ending at Michaelmas one theufand Jeven hundred and twenty four* and Michaelmas one thou* fand feven hundred and twenty five* and the fame now remains in the exchequer as eajh* on the bead of the finking fund: and whereas, in purfuance of feveral aJfs of parliament* feveralfunding orders at the exchequer are or may be made out for certain debentures* made out by authority of parliament* for the Jufferers at Nevis and Saint Chri* jftophers, for payment offever al principal fumi of money* amounting together to the fum of one hundred and forty one theufand and ninety three pounds fifteen fillings and one petty farthing* attended with an* nuities* after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament* and charged on the fold general fund: and whereas all or many of the proprietors of the feudfunding orders are or may be defirous to exchange their fata flawing orders, for an equal flare or interejl in the faidJoint flock of three pounds per centum an* unities* transferable at the bank ^England, in tale they were enabled fo to do, by means whereof the faid one hundred and three than*, fand two hundred and feventy two pounds and ten fallings* part of the fame annuities* may be difpofed of without any further lofs or dif-The Lottery- count * be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That' tickets may the commiflioncrs of his Majcfty's treafury or any three or mors be exchanged Gf them now being, or the loro high treasurer, or any three or . more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time beings of 3 I. per (hallor may caufe all the (aid lottery-tickets, fo as aforefaid recent. an- maining in the exchequer, to be entred for fuch certificates as the nuities* faid lottery a<ft has for that purpofe directed, in the name or names of mch one or more of the teller or tellers of his Ma-jefty’s exchequer, as they (hall think fit; .and that from and after fuch entry or making out fuch certificates, the (hare or in* tereft which the faid lottery tickets are intitled to in the (aid joint (lock of three pounds per centum annuities, (hall be veiled and remain in fuch teller or tellers as cafh in the exchequer, and upon truft in the firft plage, to pay, apply or difpofe of the annuity due, or to grow due thereon, to and for part of th* fund, commonly called the Aggregate Fund* when, and as the fame (hall become due and payable, and fubjelt thereto, upon truft to aflign and transfer the whole, or any part of the prinv b cipal fum, to which the faid lottery tickets are entitled, in the faid joint (lock of three pounds per centum annuities, to fuch perfon or perfons, as being proprietors of the faid lad mentioned (landing orders, (hall voluntarily deliver up to be cancelled tfie like or equal principal fum or fums, in any of the laid laft

mcntioqcd

277

mentioned debenture-orders, and fubjedt thereto, upon truft to affign and transfer the refidue of the faid principal fum in the faid joint-flock of three pounds per centum annuities, which (hall not be alligned or transferred to the proprietors of the faid debenture-orders, to fuch ufes, and for fuch purpofes, as fliall be hereafter directed by the authority of parliament, of and concerning the fame, and to and for none other ufe, intent or pur-pofe whatfoever.

XI.	And to the end and intent that the faid laft mentioned The method ftanding orders may be regularly difeharged, according to the of difeharging courfe of the exchequer, be it further enadted by the authority th*fc ftan°inE aforefaid. That the commifiioners of his Majefty’s treafury,ordcrs* or any three or more of them, now or for the time being, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, (hall and are hereby impowered to diredt the auditor of his Majefty’s exchequer, at any time before the twenty fourth day of June The time e*-which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand (even nun-	^

dred and twenty feven, to receive and take in from any of the *	*

proprietors of the fame orders any number of the faid orders, *’ containing therein any principal fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the principal fum of one hundred and three thoufand two hundred and feventy two pounds ten (hillings ; and the faid auditor (hall thereupon receive in all fuch orders, as (hall be brought to him for that purpofe, until the faid fum of one hundred and three thoufand two hundred and feventy two pounds ten (hillings, (hall be cotnpleated, and (hall enter m a book or books, to be kept by him for that purpofe, a particular account of the orders fo brought to him, and of the proprietors of the (ame, in the order and courfe of time in which they (hall be fo brought, without giving any undue preference to any ope of them before the other of them, fo as the proprietor or proprietors of fuch orders, or fome other perfon or per-fons duly authorized by them for that purpofe, do, by proper words in writing, to be written in fuch book or books refpec-tively, figoify their defire and requeft, that fuch ftanding order Or orders be paid off, and difeharged out of the faid joint (lock of three pounds per centum annuities as aforefaid j and the faid auditor (hall thereupon diredtyhe faid teller or tellers to pay the fame principal fums mentioned in fuch orders, out of tne faid (hare or intereft in the faid joint flock of three pounds per centum annuities, fo vefted in him or them as aforefaid ; and the clerk of the pells (hail afterward record fuch diredtions, and afterwards fuch teller or tellers fliall transfer or caufe to be transferred in due manner and form fo much of the faid joint flock of three pounds per centum annuities, as (hall be contained in fuch diredtions, to the refpedtive perfon or perfons entitled to the fame, upon his, her or their figning or giving, upon fuch order or orders refpedtively, proper difeharges or acquittances for the feme 5 and thereupon Inch orders fo paid off and difeharged, fliall be cancelled and preferved in tne exchequer, in the fame manner, as other cancelled orders are preferved there.

XU, And be it farther enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That

$78

Intereft on thefe orders due at 15 Dec 1716.to be paid out of the general fund.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii L c. 4.	[1726.

That all the intereft or annuity on the faid orders to be dif-charged and cancelled as aforefaid, which hath become due at * or before the twenty fifth day of December one rhoufand (even hundred and twenty fix, (hall be paid and difeharged out at die monies arifen or to arife at the exchequer, for the feverai duties and revenues compofing the fund commonly called the General Fund; and the feverai perfons to whom any part or parts of the faid joint ftock of three pounds per eentum annuities (hall.be transferred, in difeharge of the fame (landing orders, (hall be , entitled to the annuity which (hall grow due thereon, from or after the faid twenty fifth day of December one thoufand fevtn hundred and twenty fix: provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall in any wife alter or prejudice fuch of the faid laft mentioned {landing; orders, as (hall not be defired to 69 discharged in manner aforefaid, or the fecurity for the fam< br the method or courfe of payment of the annuity or intcrefl dne Or to grow due thereon, but they and every of them (half remain, continue and be in the fame condition to all intents and purpofes, as If this aft had not been made; any thing harem before contained to the contrary thereof in any wife noturitk* (landing.

CAP. IV.	*	'

An aft for deanfing, deepening and widening a creek, called Beverly beck, running into the river Hull, and for repairing the ftaiths ndf the faid beck, and for amending the roads leading from the faidnvqr to the town of Beverly in the eaft-riding of the county of York,' im for cleaning the ftreets of the laid town*

Corporation of Beverley to cleanfe. See, Beverley beck. Duties to be mid for veflels patting up or down the beck or Hull river within the prtcm&s of Beverley, viz. For every chaldron of coals Wincbefter measure. 4 d» For every quarter of oats, barley or malt, % q. For cvqry quarter, of 1 wheat, rye, mefledine or any other grain, 3 q. For every ton of falr,+d. For three hogfheads of fugar, tobacco, mololtef or boglheads packed with other goods 4 d. For three puncheons of liquor 4 d. For four hog (heads * of wine, fpirits or other liquor 4 d. For eight barrels of fope, raiwts, 0% pitch, tar or packed with other dry goods 4 d. For every butt of cprsns or two halt'-buttst d. For two pipes of Smyrna raitins 4 d. For (mteea bags ot nails 4 d. For eveiy ton of iron or lead 4 d. For thirty two firkins of butter 4 d. For twenty hundred of cbeefe 5 d. For every ton of timber or (tone 4 d. For every thoufand of bricks 4 d. and ei dies fid. For twenty (ingle deal boards t d. and double boards a d. For two bam of hops 4 d. For every quarter of oatmeal 1 d. For every pair of mia-itones s s. For fixty bunches of laths 6 d. For every hundred of faggots 1 d. For every hundred of pails, barrel or bogttiead ftaves 1 d.For every hundred of handfpikes 1 d. For twenty poles 1 d. For every doaea of cinders or charcoal v d. For every hide iq. For twenty (beep-(kins aq. For every thoufand of turfs s q. For every quarter of bark % q. For every pack of wool or other good» 1 d. For twelve dozen of bottles sd>

For every cafe or cheft of glafs 1 d. For every thoufand of firkin ftaves For every dozen of coarfe earthen ware t q. For every dozen of (booth s q. For four bufheb of roots or fruit % q. For every dozen of cato (kins t d. For every hundred of thatch 4 a. For every chaldron of lime or ton of fand s d. For every bundle of hoops a q. For eveiy dozen of chairs 1 d. For every fmall rundlet of liquor not exceeding ten gallons For every fmall calk, box, trufs or parcel, not exceeding one hundred weight x q. Corporation to appoint pollcftort* Corporation to audit the

17*6.] Anno decimo tertlo Gsorgii I. c. 5.	$79

ichors account*. Matter, &c. to deliver in writing an account of goods t See. to collectors, and pay what due for the lading. Corporation to fix cranes, See. Offices to be ere&cd on the Old watte. Corporation may affign over the duty for money to be borrowed. Not to take away any of the old duties payable to the corporation. Corporation may turn the waters feme other wav, durine the cteanfing the beck, making (atisfa&ion to the owners. Penalty for throwing rubbiih into the beck so s. Corporation may remove ihelves, and deepen the river. Quarter-feffions may appoint perfqps to clean the ftreets. 6 d. per pound to be laid on the inhabitants, Sec.

CAP. V.

An aS for imparting fait from Europe into the province of Penulrania in America.

WHEREASfArrnwrDelawar, bayandcoajl of the province if Penfilvania in America, and the feat adjoining are very eemmoHoujlj fitsutei for tarrying on the fifiing trade, and they abound with great quantities offl>aAy Jtureeon, baft and fevered other kinds of fifty which may he taubea ana cured., and made fit for foreign markets, whereby the trade tf Great Britain and the inhabitants of the find province would reap etnfidtrable benefit, which would enable the fad inhabitants to purehafe snore tf the Britiih tnanufaftures for tbotr ufty than at frtfent they art aide, by reafen of the little trad* and produce thefind province efftris, were it permuted for his Ma- *S Car.**c'"* fifty's fubjefts to import fah from Europe into the find province for *•7* the curing tf their fifit Withalin the Itke manner as is praftifed in New England	Newfoundland, by virtue tf an aft ofparliament

made in the fifteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, for that purpofi: and whereat formerly the northern parts of America were comprehended under the general name of New England, hut fine* have 'been divided into feutral provinces and colonies, and. bear other ddftitsft nanus, which occafions a doubt whether fait can bo imported into them, without the further end of parliament, by which a very confidtrahU and beneficial fijbtry might be carried on there, to the great benefit of your Majeftfsfubjefts in general, may it therefore pleafe your moft excellent Majefty, that it may be ena&ed, and be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice ana confirm of the lords fpiritual ana temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty fourth After *+ Jane day of jime ope thou&nd feven hundred and twenty (even, it *7V*

(hall and may be lawful to and for any of his Majefty’s fubje&s Europe Jo carry and import fait from any part of Europe, into the pro-rtoPenfilfawa, vince of Penfshania in America, in Britijh (nips and veflels, in Britifh manned and navigated according to the a<ft of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, in- ** C*r,**c>1** tituled, An aftfor the encouraging and incrcafing of flapping and navigation j any law, ftatute, ufage or cuftom to the contrary in apy wile notwithfbmding.

CAP.

3*o

Anno decimo tertio Georgii L c. 6.

1*716.

CAP. VI.

An aft far making more tfftftual an aft faffed in the tbhri year of bis Majejtfs reign, intituled, An aft for the pne-fervation and improvement of the river Wear, and port and haven of Sunderland, in the county of Durham.

WHEREAS by an aft faffed in the third year of bis prefeet Majefifs reign, intituled. An aft for prefervation and im-a private act. provemcnt Qf the river Wear, and port and haven of Sunderland, in the county Durham, divers perfens in the fetid all named were made, eonftituted and appointed commiffioners for putting the faid aft into execution, for the pmrpofes in the /aid aft mentioned i aud whereas the faid commiffioners in execution of the powers by the faid aft given to them have at a very great extence begun to ereffu pier at the mouth of the faid river, on the fouth fide thereof, and kftgk carried the fame two hundred and feventy feven yards or thereabouts, towards the fea; and it is found muffary for the effeftual 4o^ fending the mouth of the faid river, from the Jandsand other imp* diments, which fiop and Under the entrance into the fame, net only to carry on the pier already begun on the feutb fide of the feud rivet* fhucb further towards the fea than it is yet tarried, but alfo to ereft another pier or piers, key or keys, wharf or wharfs, and other works fw the better prefervation and improvement of thefindport and hatven ; and whereas for the carrying on the find undertaking jo far as it bath Jtfflk already carried on, the commiffioners in the faid aft named home tebj obliged to borrow and take up at intereft, from fevered ptrfonsj jp* viral confiderable fums of money, amounting in the whole te the fitmef three thou/and five hundred pounds or thereabouts, and it will be nt~ ceffary for them to borrow andtaieup at intereft, furtherJwms ef money for the more effeftual carrying on, compleatin^ andfinfftotg the fsadum dertaking, which they are not by the faid rutted aft impowtrea to do; may it therefore pleafe your moft excellent Majefty, That it may be enafted, fefr.

Ctauniflioners may aifign over the duties, 3 Geo. 1. for monies borrofd Or to be borrowed, for improvement of the river Wear. Commiffionqs may ereft more piers, &c. for prefervation of the Haven. CommiffiOftr art may contra# with owners, $c. for lands, &p.

C Afi

381

CAP.VIL

An aft for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and far granting to bis Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and petty, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for tbe feroice of the year one tboufand feven hundred and twenty feven; and for appropriating the fuppties granted in this feffion of parliament •, and for making forth duplicates of exchequer-bills, lottery-tickets, and orders, lop, burnt, or otbenoife defrayed', and for giving further time to clerks and apprentices to pay duties omitted to he '■ paid for that indentures and controls.	'

MAY it pleafe your moft txctlLnt Majefty, we your Majeftfs Farther pmn-moft dutiful end loyalfubjefts, the commons of Great Britain/wi in rtUahm ih parliament ajfembled, have freely and unanimoufly given and grant-	“

edunto your 2najefty the rates, duties and impofttions herein after * j c> mentioned; and do moft humbly befeecb your Majefty that it may be enafted, and' be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, bp and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and tejnporal and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That within and throughout that part of Great Britain called England, Wales and town of Berwick ttpyn Tweed, the feveral and refpedtive rates, duties and impoft-tions, for and upon all malt, mum, cyder and perry, width in and by one adl of parliament made and palled in the twelfth year of the reign of her late Majefty queen Anne, of blelled memory, intituled. An oft for granting to her Majefty duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, for. the fervice of the year one thou land fevftt hundred and thirteen; and for making forth duplicates of lottery-tickets loft, burnt or defrayed; and for enlarging the time for adjttfling churns in feveral lottery-afts; and to ptmijb the counterfeiting or forging of lottery orders; andfor explaining a late aft in relation to Jhamp-duties on euftomary eftates, which pafs by deed and t* Ann. flat. copy, were granted to her Majefty, or chargeable in manner 1. c. a. therein mentioned, until the twenty fourth day of June one1 Geo- *• ***• thoufand feven hundred and fourteen; and which by an aft °f !'(><>.’ 1. c. 3. parliament made and palled in the twelfth year of the reign of , Geo. 1! c! 1" her faid late Majefty, were continued until the twenty fourth 5 Geo. 1. c. a. day of June in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven bun- 6 Geo- ’■ dred and fifteen ; and which by one aft made and palled in the	W	*

firft year of hisMajefty’s reign, were continued until the twenty sGeoT 1. c. r. fourth day of June in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hun- 9 Geo. 1. c. 3. dred and fixteen; and which by another adt made and palled in »oG«o.i.c.». the firft year of his Majefty’s reign, were continued until thetwen-	**

ty fourth day of June in the year of our Lord-one thoufand feven farther conti-hundred and feventeen; and which by another adt made and palled nued to 94. in the third year of his Majefty’s reign, were continued until the Jul,e *7**» twenty fourth day of June in the year of our Lord one thoufand 2	feven

382	Anno dcdmo tertio Gbo&OII I. C. f.	£1716.

fcven hundred and eighteen; and which by another aft made and palled in the fourth year of his Maiefty’s reign, were continued until the twenty fourth day of jnm in the Tear of oar Lord one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen} ana which by another aft made and palled in the fifth year of his Majefty’s reign, were continued until the twenty fourth day of in the year our Lord one thoufand (even hundred and twenty; and which by another aft made and palled in the fixth year of his Majefty's reign, were continued until the twenty fourth day of June in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty one; and which by another aft made and palled in the ferenth year of his Majefty’s reign, were continued until the twenty fourth day of June in the year of our Lord one thou-. fand feven hundred and twenty two; and which by another aft made and palled in the eighth year of his Majefty’s reign, were continued until the twenty fourth da* June « the year of our Lord one thoufand (even hundred and twenty three; and which by another aft made palled in the ninth year of his Majefty’s reign, were continued until the twenty fourth day of June in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred ana twenty four; and which by another aft made and palled in the tenth year of his Majefty’s reign, were continued until the twenty fourth day of Jutu in the year of Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty five; and which by another aft made and palled in the eleventh year of his Majefty’s reign, were continued until the twenty fourth day of the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty fix; and which by another aft made and palled in the twelfth year of his Majefty’s reign, were continued until the twenty fourth day of June in the year of our Lord one thoufand feveq hundred and twenty feven, lhall be further continued in like manner, and lhall be and are by this aft charged for and upon all malt which lhall be made, and all mum which lhall be made and imported, and all cyder and perry which lhall be made for fide within that part of Great Britain called England, Waits, and town of Berwicl upon Tweed, from and after the twenty third day of June in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred apd twenty feven, and before the twenty fourth day of June which (hall be in year of our Lord one thoufand (even hundred and twenty eight.

Malt made in Scotland to pay 3d. per bnlhel. Mom tot. perbamL

I.*. Cyder and perry made lor falet 4*. per hoglbead. If the duties u'ScotlaBd do not raile 20,0001. neat, deficiency to be made good by a lurcfaaige on the makers. Surplulage to be applied to the filbery. Sec. EXP.

Appropria- XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enafted by the author!-tion ot the ty aforefaid, That all the monies coming into the exchequer, •dtius iSfion*by loans or exchequer-bills, upon one aft of this fcffioo 13 Gco.iTc!i. parliament, intituled. An all for granting an aid to bit Mej* Jiyby a land-tax to be raifei in Great Britain, for the ferrite ^f



■ 726.3 Anno decimO tertio Georgii I. c. 7.

the year one thoufand fevea hundred and twenty /even, and (o much money, if any fuch there be, of the tax.thereby granted, as (hall a-rife and remain after all the loans or exchequer-bills made or to be made on the fiuoe ad, and all the intereft, Premium or rate and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for railing the laid land-tax, (hall be (atisfied, or money fufficient (hall be referved in the exchequer to dilcharge the fame, and all the monies coming into the exchequer either by loans or exchequer-bills, upon this ad, and fo much of the duties on malt, mum, cyder and perry, hereby granted or continued, as (hall arife or remain^ if any fuch be, after all the loans or exchequer-bills, hereby direded to be made on the fame, and all the intereft.

Premium or rate and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for railing the faid duties, (hall be (atisfied, or money fufficient (hall be referved to difcharge the fame, and the Ann of fourteen thoufand nine hundred thirty five pounds, ten (hillings and two penoe farthing, remaining in the receipt ofhia Majefty’s, exchequer on arrears of former land-taxes, (hall be appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the (event ufes, intents and purpofes herein exprefied, fubjed neverthelefs to fuch reftridions as are herein after prescribed (that is to (ay) it is hereby enaded and declared. That The (am for out of aft or. any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there (hall and the general may be ifiued and applied any fum-not exceedingfifty four thou- fund, fand one hundsed ninety fix pounds (even (hillings and nine pence farthing, to make good the deficiency of the fund, commonly called the general fund, for railing (even hundred twenty four thoufand eight hundred forty nine pounds fix (hillings and ten pence, and one fifth part of a penny per annum, for the -year ended at Mubaelmas one thoufand (even hundred and twenty five.

XXIX. And it is hereby ena&ed and declared. That out of fa. nav^ all or any the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there (hall vice*, and may be ifiued and applied any Ann or fums of money, not exceeding one million thirty nine thouland (evenly one pounds (even (hillings and eight pence, for or towards the naval (ervices herein after more particularly exprefied that is to fay for or towards defraying the charge of the ordinary of his Majefty’s navy,, and for half-pay to fea-officers, and for and towards viChial, wages, wear and tear of the navy, and the victualling thereof, performed and to be performed, and for or towards fea-fervices in the office of ordnance performed and to be performed, and for or towards other fervices of the navy performed and to be performed, and for or towards the tranfporting of land forces performed and to be performed.

.XXX. And it is hereby allb enaCted, That out of all or any Jp* the .aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there (hall and may	ler~

be ifiued and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding	'

one hundred -thoufcuid pounds, for or towards defraying the charge of the office of his Majefty’s ordnance for land-fervicea

Serformed and to be performed, and towards the extraordinary ores Cent to Gibraltar and Part Malm upon account.

6	XXXI.	And

384	Anno	dcclmo tcrtio GeoRGII L C. 7.	[172!

for the land- XXXI. And it is hereby likewife enaded, That out of all or •orce, and any 0f the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there (hall or other fer vices. may ^	an(j applied any fum or fums of money not ex-

ceeding in the whole the fum of one million three hundred forty one thoufand feven hundred and thirty pounds feven (hillings and eight pence halfpenny, for or towards maintaining his Ma-jefty’s land-forces and otnfcr fervices herein after more particularly exprefled, that is to fay, any fum not exceeding eight hundred eighty five thoufand four hundred ninety four pounds nine (hillings and four pence, for defraying the charce of twenty fix thoufand three hundred eighty three men, including com-miflion and non-commiffion officers and invalids, for guards, garrifons, and fix independant companies for the fervice of the Highlands and other his Majefty’s land-forces in Great Britain* Jtrfcj and Guernfey* and other fervices relating to the forces for the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty feven; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding one hundred fifty feven thoufand fix hundred thirty feven pounds fixteen (hillings and five pence halfpenny, for maintaining his Majefty’s garrifons in the plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, and for provifions for the garrifons of Annapolis Royal, Placentia and Gibraltar, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty feven; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding four thoufand eight hundred forty feven pounds two (hillings and fix pence, upon account for out-penfioners of Chelfea mfpital* for the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty feven; and any fum or fums Of the 60,000]. Qf mon€y not exceeding thirteen thoufand feven hundred fifty 1 t^applieSr ° P^unc^s nineteen (hillings and five pence, for defraying (event ! 1 Geo.2. ftat.i. extraordinary expences and fervices relating to the forces, incur-c.9. felt, r6. red and not provided for by parliament; and any fum of fums of money not exceeding fixty thoufand pounds, upon account of half-pay to the reduced officers of his Majeftv's land-forces and marines for the year one thoufand feven hundred and twen* ty feven; fubjeft neverthelefs to fuch rules to be obferved in the application of the faid half-pay, as are herein after preferibed concerning the fame; and the turn of fifty thoufand pounds to tompleat the fum of one hundred and twenty five thoufand pounds, due and payable to the landgrave of HeJJe Caffel* for railing, maintaining and keeping a body of twelve thoufand men for his Majefty’s fcrvice, nurfuant to the treaty between his Majefty and the faid landgrave of Hcjfe Cajfel* dated the twelfth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and twenty-five-fix ; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding one hundred and fcventy thoufand pounds, upon account for the fubfidy to the landgrave of Hcjfe Cajfel* and the pay of twelve thoufand of his forces to be taken into his Majefty’s fervice, and the pay of a lieutenant general to command the faid twelve thoufand men, and for forrage-money, waggon-money, and other neceffary charges relating thereunto, purfuant to the (aid treaty; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding one hundred fixty thoufand three hundred and fix pounds feventecti

(hilling’

1726.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii I. c. 7.	383

{hillings and five pence farthing, towards making good the deficiency of the grants for the fervice of the year one thoufand fevcn hundred and twenty fix.

XXXII.	And be it enafted, That out of the faid aids or fup- And fuch plies there fhall and may be from time to time iflued and appli- fums of money cd, fuch fum or fums 01 money as (hall be neceflary for and to-	e	jjc~

wards anfwering and defraying fuch expences and engagements, faring fuch*-as have at any time been, or (hall before or until the twenty expences as fifth day of December one thoufand fevcn hundred and twenty (hall be made feven, be made by his Majefty, in concerting fuch meafures as before*5 Dec. he in his great wifdom thinks will beft conduce to the fecurity	M

of the trade and navigation of this kingdom, and to the pre-ferving and reftoring the peace of Europe.

XaXIII. And be it enafted, That the (aid aids or fupplies And to no provided as aforefaid (hall not be iflued or applied to any ufe, in- other ufe. tent or purpofe whatfoever, other than the ufes and purpofes before-mentioned, or for the feveral deficiencies before direfted to be ffttisfied out of the faid loans or exchequer-bills, by any particular claufe or daufes for that purpofe contained in this aft or in any other aft of this prefent feflion of parliament.

XXXIV.	And as to the faid fum of fixty thoufand pounds Rulettobeob-by this aft appropriated, on account of half-pay as aforefaid, it ferved in the is hereby enafted and declared by the authority aforefaid. That application of the rules herein after preferibed, (hall be duly obferved in thethc PaX* application thereof; that is to fey, That no perfon (hall have

or receive any part, of the fame, who was a minor, under the age of fixteeen years, at the time when the regiment, troop or company in which he ferved was reduced; that no perfon (hall have or receive any part of the fame, except fuch perfons who did aftual fervice in fome regiment, troop or company; that no perfon having any other place or employment of profit, civil or military, under his Majefty, (hall have or receive any part of the half-pay; that no chaplain of any garrifon or regiment, who has any ecclefiafiical benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, (hall have or receive any of the faid half-pay ; that no perfon (hall have or receive any part of the fame who hath refigned his coin-miflion, and has nad no commiflion fince ; that no part of the fame (hall be allowed to any perfon by virtue of any warrant or appointment, except to (ucn perfops who would have been orherwife entitled to the fame, as reduced officers; and that no part of the fame (hall be allowed to any of the officers of the five regiments of dragoons, and eight regiments of foot, lately difbanaed in Ireland, except to fuch as were lately taken off the eftablj/hment of half-pay in Great Britain.

XXXV.	And whereas by an afl of parliament made in the twelfth jjow the oyef_ year of his Majeffs reign, for granting an aid to his Majtjly by layplug of; $,000!. ing a duty upon all victuallers, and retailers of beer and ale within appropriated the cities of London and Weftminfter, and the weekly bills of mor-

tulity, for the fervid of the year one thoufand (even hundred and	,

twenty fix, ana for other purpofes therein exprefid, feveral fupplies nGtro.x. c.12. which have been granted to his Majefty, as is therein mentioned,

Vol. XV.	Cc	were

3*4

9&toW.: c. 44*

4 Ann. c.

Anno derimo tertio Georgii L c. 8. f *726*

were appropriated to feveral ufes and purpofes therein expreffed, a-tnong which any fum or fums of money * not exceeding feventy three tboufand pounds, upon account of half-pay, for the year am tbovfand feven hundred and twenty fix, was appropriated to he paid to tile reduced officers of bis Majejly's land-forces and marines, fubjeft never-tkelefs to fuch rules to be obferved in the application of the faid halfpay, as in and by the aforefaid aft were preferibed in toot behalf; now it is hereby provided, enabled and declared by the authority aforefaid, That fo much of the faid fum of feventy three thoufand pounds, as is or (hall be more than fufficient to (atisfy the faid reduced officers according to the faid rules, by the faid ad preferibed to be obferved in the application thereof, or any part of fuch overplus, (hall or may be difpofed to fuch officers who are maimed, or loft their limbs in the late wars, or to fuch others, as by reafon of their long ferviee or otherwife, his Majefty (hall judge to be proper objects of charity, or to the widows or children of fuch officers, according to mch warrant or warrants, under his Majefty’s royal (ign manual, as (hall be figned in that behalf; any thing in this adt or the faid former ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

Duplicates of exchequer-bills, lottery-t ickets, or orders, loft or deftroyed, to be made forth at the exchequer. Claufe in eafe of clerks, or apprentices, whofe indentures. Scc. were not (lamped in due time, Ac. EXP.

CAP. VIII.

An aft to enable the South-Sea company, with the licence and confent of the Eaft-India company, to take in Negroes within their limits of trade, and to deliver the fame at Buenos Ayres.

WHEREAS the ifland of Madagafcar is within the limits tf trade granted to the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft-Indies, commonly called the Eaft-India Company : and whereas the port of Buenos Ayres in America, is within the limits of trade granted to the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South-Seas, and other parts of America, and for encouraging the fifhery, commonly called the South-Sea Company : and whereas the tranfportation of Negroes from the faid iflanehof Madagafcar to Buenos Ayres, may become a very beneficial branch of the trade of this kingdom: and whereas by an aft of parliament paffed in the ninth and tenth years of !• the reign of his late majejly King William the Third, (amongft other things) for fettling the trade to the Eaft-Indies, it is provided that fecurity Jkall be taken, that all the goods, wares, merchandizes and commodities, which Jhould be laden in any Jhip or Jhips wbatfoever, bound from the Eaft-Indies, or parts within the limits of the fed united company's trade, Jhould be brought without breaking iafi U fame port of England or Wales, and there be unladen and put m 1# land: ana whereas by another aft made in the fixtb year of the rgip of her late majejly ghceen Anne, for better Jecuring the

1726.] Anno dcclmo tertio Geougii I. c. 9,—ia.’

Eaft~India goods, it is entitled {amongft other things) that all the goods, wares, merchandizes and commodities, which Jhould be laden in the Eaft-Indies, or other the parts within the limits of the fend united compares trade, upon any /hip or vejfel belonging to any of h:r Majejly's fubjetls, jhould be brought to feme port ^ Great Britain, and there jhould be unladen and put on Jhore, on pain of for-feiting all fuch goods, or the value thereof, to be recovered and dtjlri-buted as therein is mentioned: and forajmuch as the taking ik ^Negroes within the limits of trade of the faid united company, and delivering of the fame at JBuenos Ayres aforefedd, without bringing them to England or Wales, may be confined to be breaking of btdk within the meaning of the faid afis of parliament, or one of them : be it therefore ena&ed, &c. EXP.

South Sea Company after 24 June 1727. with confent of the Eaft-Indi* Company, may take in Negroes at Madagascar for Buenos Ayres* The company indemnified for fo doing. Ships belonging to the company, going to any other coafts within the Ealt-India charter forfeited. AH other goods purctiafed or traded for, liable to the forfeiture in 9 8c 10 W. y Forfeitures how to be recovered, and diftributed. Offences to be laid 111 London or Middlesex. Eaft-fndia company to take Security from South-Sea company. Continuation for fix yean, &c,

CAP. IX.

An a& for repairing, widening and amending the roads from Wigan to Prefton in the county ofLancafter.

The toll granted by this a& took place and is to have continuance from the ift of june 1717, for the term of ax yean. Continued by 13 Geo. a. c. 7.	*

CAP. X.

An a& for repairing, widening and amending the road from Warrington to Wigan in the county of Lancafter.

The toll granted by this ad took place the ift of June 1727, and from, thence is to have continuance for tne term of ai years. Continued by 20 'Geo. a. c. S.

CAP. XI.

An for repairing the roads leading from Cirenceiler town's end to Saint John's Bridge in the county of Gloucefier.

The toll granted by this a€t took place $e ift of June 17*7. and from Che nee to have continuance for the term of 11 years. Continued by 15 Geo. a. c. 5.

CAP. XII.

Ah a8 for amending the feveral roads leading from the city

tf/BriftoI.

W HEREAS the highways leading from the tity of Briftol, through the parijh jtf/Bitton in the county of Gloucester, to Buckle Brook in the parijh of fcelfon in the county of Somerfct, and the highways leading from Briftol aftrefaidy through the parijhes of S>a$S.on and Week and Abfton, to the top of Toghill in the ’parijh a/'Doynton, and the highways leading from Briftol aforefaid,

C c %	through

/

3*6	Anno deciiAo tcrtio GeoRGII I. c. 13—15:	[ 1726.

through the parijb ofMangotsfield to the top of Hinton Hill in the parijb of Dirham, and the highways leading from Briftol aforefaii, through the parijb of ASon, and the highways leading from Briftol aforefaidy through Stapleton and Hambroke in the parijb of Win-tcrburne to the upper end of Titherington, and from thence to Stone in the faid county of Gloucefter, and the htghways leading from Briftol aforcfaidy through the parijbes of Horfield am/ Filton to a houfe tailed Almondlbury, alias Agmondlbury’s Inn in the parijb of Almondlbury alias Agmondfbury, and the highways hading from Briftol aforefaid through the partjh 'of WelUbury upon Trym to Auft Paflage in the faid county of Gloucefter, and the highways leading from Briftol aforefaid through the parijb of Bufleton alias Brillington to Avon Bridge, alias Twiverton, alias Tiverton Bridge, and the highways leading from Briftol aforefaid^ through the parijh of Englifhcomb to Midford, and the highways leading from Briftol aforefaid^ through the town of Penrford to the top of Rufh Hill in the parijh of Stone Eafton, and the highways leading from Briftol aforefaid*, through the parijbes of Bedminller and Dundrey to the North brow of Mendipp in the parijb of Weft Harptrey, and the highways leading from Briftol aforefaid^ through the faid parijb of Bedminller to the hither part of a place called Broadways alias Broadsfields Down, in the parijb of Winford in the county ^Soonerfet, arc become fo ruinous, &c.

The toll took place the 24th of June 1727. and is to have continuance foe si years. Continued by ss Geo. s. c. 18.

CAP. XIII.

An aft for repairing the road leading from Studley-Bridge through Chip>-

Smbam in the county of Wilts to the top of Toghill in the county of loucefter.

The toll took place the ift day of May 1717, and is from thence to have continuance for si years. Continuedby ty Geo. s. c. 17.

CAP. XIV.

An a& for repairing the feveral roads leading from Birmingham through the town of Wednesbury to a place called High Bullen, and to Great Bridge, and from thence to the end of Gibbet-Lane next adjoining to tlie townfhip of Bilfon, and from Great Bridge through Dudley to Kingf-winford, and to the further end of Brittel-Lane in the counties of Warwick, Stafford and Worccfter.

The toll took place the 15th day of May 1717, and is from thence to have continuance for the term of si years. Continued ty si Geo. s. c. so.

CAP. XV.

An a& for repairing the roads leading from the town of Broomfgrove to the town of Dudley in the county of Worcefter; and from me fakl town of Broomfgrove to the town of Birmingham in the county of Warwick.

The toll took place the 10th day of May 1717. and is from theneett have continuance for the term of si years. Continued ly si Geo. a. c. ss.

f

CAP,

8*7

1726.] Anno decimo terrio GeoRGII I. c. 16--18.

C A P. XVI.

An all for repairing the feveral roads leading from the town of Warminfter in the county of Wilts.

WHEREAS the feveral highways and roads leading from the town of Warminfter in the county of Wilts, herein after particularly mentioned and defcribed* viz. all that road leading from the houfe of Thomas Ludlow at the Eaft end of the fold town to Heyteibury in the faid county, being three miles or thereabouts, ana the road that leads from the Lamb-Inn in the faid town of Warminfter to the quarries on Sack-Hill in the faid parijh <fWar-mi nfter, being two miles or thereabouts9 and the road that leads from from Almftioufe-Bridge in the faid town of Warminfter, to the top ^ Cradle-Hill in the parijh of Warminfter, being one mile or thereabout;, and the road that leads from the foot ^Elm-Hill in the faid parijh ^Warminfter, to a furlong beyond Coleway in the parijh i?/'Upton Scidmore in the faid county, being one mile or thereabouts, and from the pound in Pound-ftrcet in the town of Warminfter a-forefaidj to two furlong beyond the gate called Common-Gate at the end of Potind-ftreet aforefaid, being half a mile or thereabouts, and from the Eaft end ^Back-Lane in the faid town to the dwell-ing-houfe, now or late in the pojfejfion or occupation of John Ford in Crockerton, in the parijh of Deverel Longbridge in the faid county, being one mile and half or thereabouts, and from the dwelling-houfe of Thomas Thatcher at the South end of Bifhop Strow-ftreet, through Sutton's Common to Newnham-ftreet in the party 0/Sujtton in the faid county, being one mile or thereabouts, by reafon 0} the foil thereof and the heavy carriages pajjing through the fame, are become fo ruinous, fcfr.

. The toll took place the 24th day of Tune 1717. and u fjrpm thence to have continuance for 11 years. Continued by 16 Geo. a. c. 5.

CAP. XVII.

An aft for amending and repairing the roads from Luton io the county of Bedford to Weltwood-Gate in the faid county.

The toll took place the ift day of June 1717. and is to have continuance for the term of 21 years. Continued by 17 Geo. 2. c.41.

CAP. XVIII.

An all for the effectual draining and preferuation of Had-denham Level in the ijk of'Ely.

WHEREAS certain fenns and low grounds lying in Sutton, Haddenham, Willburton, Strctham and Wentworth, within the ijle of Ely and county of Cambridge, containing in the whole fist thcufand five hundred acres or thereabouts, and bounded as followeth, (to wit) from Stretham ferry, including Stretham Lea-zurc fenn, bounded by a common learn or old fewer, called Hadden-. bam team or whart, to the partition ditch between Stretham and Willburton aforefaid, and from thence to Snout Corner, and from

C c 3 ,	thence

Anno dcdmo tcrtio Gsonon I. c. *9**0. [17261

thence including Mafter Barley*; acres9 to the drove which parts tie Hardlands and Willburton Rufh flnn, and all along the drove to Aldrey, and from thence by a drove called Fenn-fide Drove, and from thence to the Jlone bridge at Damm Banks end9 under which bridge the adventurers drain runs9 and from thence along the drove which parts the Hardlands and Berry fenn to Hillrow caufemay, and from thence along the drove-way which bounds to Gaules, and from thence by a drove that bounds Haddenham North fenn up to g ditch called Staple Ditch, and from thence to Staple Clofcs including W enrworth fenn9 and from thence as the ditch bounds Wentworth fenn to Sutton Beefons, and from thence including Sutton Beefons, and from thence including all Sutton South fenn, as hounded by the hardlands of Sutton to the Chain caufeway end, and from thence including all little Weft form in Sutton aforefaid, as it is hounded by the Feoffees Holt to Sutton Gault, and /ram thence aw long the Hundred Foot Bank as far as the Hermitage, excluding the faid bank and ware dyke thereof and from thence Song tie haul of the old river Oufe to Stretham Ferry, excluding the bank of the jaid river Oufe, have fob feme yean pajl been, and fill ore over• flowed with waters, £*.

o«

Comniffioners may make cuts, Scc. and erefl engines for draining the fens, making fatisfaffckm to the owners. Covnnuifioners to meet twice yearly at Haddenham. May affeft the owners of the fens. They may Sorrow money at 51. per centum. Tenants to pay the tax, and deduft ft out of their rents. On death, reiignation, or muling tb aft, commiffioo-ers to ehoofe others. Ifeftroying the woiks, forfeits 501. Once in two years all receipts and diaburictnentt to be mfpcftsd and audited at the Cpiarter-feffions after Michaelmas. Not to impower the Commiflioners to intermeddle with the works of Bedford Level: nor the upper delfet in Haddenham.

CAP. XIX.

An aft for repealing part, and making more effeftual the refidue of an aft of parliament made in the Hrft year of the reign of her late majtfty Queen Anne, intituled, An aft for the incorporating certain perjont for tbe better pro viding for9 and fitting Ot work tbe poor in tbe city oj Quuafier,

Part of the private aft 1 Ann. flat. s. c. 11. repealed. All gifta fhallbe veiled in the corporation. On the firit TuefiJay in June 17*7, thirty one guardians to be chofen at the pariih veftries, inftead of the twenty four. On equality of votes, prefiding officer to determine. Thirty one guardians to be cbofen, to continue in office fix years. In every nxth year thirty one new guardians to be elefted. On death or removal, new guardians to be elected. Guardians one body politick and corporate. Perfbns who ■have effefts belonging to tbe corporation, to account and deliver up all books, fee. The corporation to take the profits of Tim. Nourfc’s derifed lands, See. Corporation may renew leafcs, and purchafe lands, not exceeding tooo 1. per annum. They may place out money in their bands at intereft. No money to be lent to the members, Sec. Perfon giving 50L |nay be chofen a guardian. Corporation to charge how many weekly or other fums ihall be neceflfary for the poor in the nofpitals. The poor in the hamlets of Littlcworth, fee. to be .received into the hofpitals. Corporation may make by-laws. They may feize the goods of perfbns brought into the hofpitaL

CAP.

*yt6.] Anno dedmotertio Georg n I. c.ao.

CAP. XX.

An a d for improving the navigation of the river Dun, from a place called Holmliile in the townfhip of Doncafter in the county of York, to Wil-lick Houfe in the parilh of Barmby Dun in the faid county.

Corporation of Doncafter appointed undertaken to make the river Dun navigable. Commifiioners appointed for adjufting differences between the undertakers and owners of wears, See. They have power to mediate between undertakers and others. May fettle fatisfadion for their damage. If the parties dillike the determination, commifiioners may caufe a jury to be impanelled to aflefs damages. Their verdid conclufive. The verdid to be kept by the town-clerk of Doncafter, among the records. On payment of the money aflefied, undertakers may proceed to work. Commif-fioners to have xool. per ann. * Undertakers to make a cut to convey the water running down Bentley Mill Goit into the Farr waters, &c. They are to fill up the hollows next Arnold Goit on Thorp marfh fide, level with the grounds on the other fide. Banks of the river to be widened at Longfandall and Reddiffe. Sir George Cook, &c. to have a way over Wheat-ley ford,as formerly. Undertakers not to fet out halling-paths on the South fide betwixt Longfandall and Reddiffe. Nor to make wharfs on Sir George Cook’s lands, &c. Duties of tonnage for all fuch lead, iron, fteel, horns, hoofs, bones, boxwood, timber, broken and unbroken deals, boards, cheele, fait, cutlers wares, iron wares, groceries, coals, ftone, lime-ftone and lime, and all other merchandizes (except corn and malt) as fhall be carried upon the river between Holmeftile in Doncafter, and to far as the bottom of the cut on Barmy Dun fide, fuch duties as the mayor, aldermen and burgefics fball think fit, not exceeding to d. for every fodder of lead, or cuftomary ton of iron, fteel, horns, hoofs, bones, box-wood, timber of foreign growth, broken or unbroken deals and boards, nor above xo d. for every ton of cheefe, fait, cutlers wares, iron wares, groceries and other merchandizes (except corn and malt) and not exceeding to d. for every ton of mill or marble ftones or coalsj xod. for every ton of lime, and for every ton of lime-ftone, and of other ftones, Sd. and for eveiy ton of plank and timber of Englilh growth, S d. A penny per quarter for grain. Boats carrying dung, Sec. to be duty free. The three bridges over the new river, Sec. veiled in the mayor, See. of Doncafter. Duties for paffage through the three bridges, when the draw-bridges are opened, 6d* for 10 ton. Participants now liable to repair the three bridges, Sec. to pay to the mayor, See. of Doncafter, sol. per'annura in lieu of repairs. Mayor, See. may dig fods in the participants lands. The participants (hall ftand, with relped to the country, liable to the repairs, if the mayor, &e. make default. In default of the corporation of Doncafter, the participants tp repair the bridges, &c. and receive the duties till they are repaid : or the participants may bring their a&ion at law againft the corporation. The new river, as well as the river Dun from Wilfick downwards, fubjed to the commifiioners of fewers. Not to prejudice the right of the mayor. Sec. Of York, or to binder the owners of lands lying on the river, from erecting warehoufes, See. on their own lands. Undertakers not to ered warehoufes. Sec. in the townfiiip of Barmby. They are to make a bridge at Barmby, Commifiioners may nominate new commifiioners in the place of perfons dying or refufing to ad. Undertakers may make towing-paths and fet up winches * they are to let up gates, bridges qnd Riles in the towing-paths, and make bridges over the new cuts, for the ufe of the land owners. a No meeting of commifiioners above fix miles from the matter in queftion. Mafters refponiible for damages done by their boats or crew. If any boatman paffmg any lock, (hall not (hut it, &c. he (hall forfeit xos. Owner's name to be fet on the outfide of the veffel. Opening the locks forfeits i o s. to the poor. All ptrfons to have free paffage on the river, paying the duties. Owners of lands, &c. may ufe plealure boats on the river. Saving all liberties of fifhing and fowling. River Dun, between Holmftile ana Wilfick houfe, not under the commifiioners of* fewers: but they (hall have the lame power down from Wilfick to the river Ouze as before. Not to

Cc4	charge

390	Anno	decimo	tertio	Georgii	I.	c. t r. [1726.

charge the tenants of the crown, or refiants of Hatfield in Com' Ebor', with any duties, but the lock dues. The locks ihail be opened for boats which have paid the duties, &c. Commiflioners may appoint perfons to meafure the boats. Perfons receiving damage by the undertakers, com-miflioners to aflefs the damage by a jury. It the undertakers do not pay the afrelTment,coinmifnoiiers may conflitute a perfon to receive the duties to the ufe of the fuffcrers. Corporation may engage the profits for money to be borrowed. The water-engines tor fupplying Doucaiter with waters not to be prejudiced till proprietors fatisfied.

CAP. XXI.

An aft for granting to bis Majefty the fum of three hundred and jeventy tbcufand pounds, to be raifed by loans, er exchequer-bills, to be charged on the Jurplus monies of the duties on coals and culm, granted by an aft of tke fifth year of bis Majefty s reign, for a term of years, and fince made perpetual.

MOST gracious Sovereign, IVhcreas by an aft of parliament ..	made andpajfed in the ninth year of her late Majefty*s reign,

f. 3*	intnu'cJ,	An	aft	for	granting	to her Majefty feveral duties upon

coals, for building firty new churches in and about the cities of London and IVefiminfler, and fuburbs thereof) and other pur* poles therein mentioned, it was enafted, lhat for all forts of coals and culm* which from and after the twenty eighth day of September one thoufatid fiven hundred and fixteen, and before the twenty eighth day of September one thoufand Jevcn hundred and twenty four, jhouli be imported and brought into the port of the city of London, or tke river of Thames, within the liberty of tke /aid city upon the fame river, there Jbculd be paid to her Majefty, her heirs and fuccejfors, by way of impofition thereupon (over and beftdes all other impofitions and duties) according to the rates herein after mentioned; that is to fay, For all fuch forts of coals and culm as are ufually fold by the , chaldcr, for every chalder thereof containing thirty fix bujhels Win-chcfter mcafure, the fum of three findings \ and for fuch fort of coals as are fold by the ton, for every ton thereof containing twenty ‘ hundred weighty the fum of three Jhillings j all the produce of which faid 'impofition on coals and culm was thereby appropriated for the building of fifty new churches, in or near tke cities of London and Weftminftcr, or the julurbs thereofy and other, purpofes therein mentioned: and whereas by an aft of parliament made and pajfed in s Geo i.ilat.2. the fir ft year of your Majefty's reign, the fiaid impofitions and duties on c. 23.	coals	and culm were further granted to your Majefty ,from the twen-

ty feventh day of September one thoufand /even hundred and twenty four, to the twenty eighth day of September one thoufand feven hundred and twenty five, and the whole produce thereof thereby applied J'or the making provifm for the minifters of the jaid fifty new churches, and other purpofes therein mentioned: and whereas by an c Geo. 1. c. 9	cf parliament of the fifth year of your Maj fly's reign, intituled,

5	*An aft for continuing certain duties upon coals and culm, and

for cftablifhing certain funds to raife money, as well to proceed in the building of new churches, as alfo to compleat the fupply

grant*

1726.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii I. c.n.	394

granted to his Majcfty, and to referve the overplus monies of the* faid duties for the difpofition of parliament, and for more effectual fupprefling private lotteries, the fame impofitions and duties were granted to your Majcfty, from the tiventy feventh day of September one thoufand feven hundred and tiventy five, to the fcajl of the annunciation of the blejfed Virgin Mary, which Jhould be in toe year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fifty one, and were thereby charged with a particular fund of twenty one thoufand pounds per annum for thirty two years, from the twenty fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and nineteenfor the raifing tie fum of three hundred and fixty thoufand pounds, in lieu of the provi-ftons by the former afts, for the building of the faid churches, and other purpofes before mentioned, and were by the fame aft further	'

charged with another particular ' fund of thirty thoufand five hundred and fifty nine pounds fourteen Jhillings per annum, for the like term of thirty two years, from the find twenty fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen, for the paying off and difcharging the fum of five hundred thoufand pounds, with interejl at four pounds per centum per annum, for the fortunate tickets in the lottery ejlablijhed by the faid laft mentioned aft \ and in and by the faid lajt mentioned aft, it was enaffed, That all the furplus, excefs or overplus monies, which Jhould quarterly arife by the faid duties on coals and culm (over and above fo much as Jhould be fufficient to dif charge the feveral annual or other fums thereby charged thereon) and all the furplus, which Jhould remain after the Jaid fum of three hundred and Jixty thoufand pounds, to be charged on the faid particular fund of twenty one thoufand pounds per annum, and the principal and interefi, to be charged on the faid particular fund of thirty thoufand five hundred and fifty nine pounds fourteen Jhillings per annum, Jhould be. entirely patd off, dtfcharged and fatisfied, Jhould be kept apart, and referved for the difpofition of parliament, and Jhould not be difpofed or applied to any ufe or purpofe whatfoever, but by the authority of parliament, and according to fuch future aft or afts of parliament, as Jhould be made and pajfed for the difpofition thereof: and whereas by a fubfequent aft of parliament, made in the fixth year of your Ma- $ Geo. 1. c. 4* jcfly's reign, for enabling the South-Sea company to enlarge the capital flock and fund of the faid company, the faid duties on coals and culm were continued for ever\ and it wds thereby enafted. That the faid governor and company might before the firfi day of March one thoufand feven hundred and twenty one redeem all and every, or any the redeemable debts and incumbrances therein particularly fet forth and enumerated, including therein the faid fum of five hundred thoufand pounds for the faid lottery, and the fecurities for the fame, by paying off the fame, at the rate of one bunared pounds for every one hundred pounds principal money, and proportionabh for a greater or leffer fum\ and it was thereby enafted. That upon fuch payment of the refpeftive fum or fums payable to the proprietors for fucb redemption the fame Jhould be adjudged to be redeemed, and the intereji and annuity payable . in refpeft thereof to the refpeftive proprietors of fuch debts and incumbrances Jhould thenceforth ceafe and determine to be payable to them, and in lieu thereof an annuity aftet' fuch and the like rate as the inter eft-

59*	Anno	decimo	tertio Georgii I. c; 21.	I1726.

ttreft-money and annuity, as was then payable for $r in refpeft §f fueh debts or incumbrances, Jhould be from thenceforth payable to the food governor and company, and their fiuccejfors, until redemption by parliament, and a proportional addition in refpeft thereof Jbould be made to their capital fiock\ and it was by the fame ait provided. That if the proprietors of the faid redeemable debts and incumbranm Jbould be willing to accept, in Heu of the faid rate of one hundred pounds per centum in money, a /bare or Jhares in the capital or joint Jiock of'the faid company, at fitch price as Jhould be agreed on between the faid company and the faid proprietors, that then, in lieu of their rejpeftive debts, they Jbould be entitled to fiuch Jhares in the find capital or joint Jlock; and that fiucb perfons fo accepting Jiock in lieu of money jbould deliver up to fueh perfon or perfons, as for that pur* pofe Jbould be appointed, the orders whereby Juch proprietors were en* titled to fueh debts er incumbrances, and that the perfon or farfons to be appointed for taking in the faid orders Jbould deliver the /aid orders into the office of the auditor of the receipt of exchequer, there to remain for ever; and that no payments or ijfius upon any of the faid orders Jo delivered up Jbould afterwards be made at the exchequer, un-left for arrears of the jaid annuities or inter eft monies; and the particular duties, revenues, fiends and trevifions charged with the payment of the annuities and debts, which were payable by the faid orders Jo delivered up, Jbould be thenceforth difeharged of and from the fame; and by the fame laft mentioned aft it was enafted. That the fad company Jhould have an additional allowance for charges of management, in proportion to the amwties and debts te be taken in or paid off, by them to be fettled in manner as therein is mentioned5 and that the fame, together with the fum then allowed them for charges of management, Jhould be charged upon and payable out of the.par titular duties, revenues and incomes by the faid aft charged or intended to be charged to and with their then prefent annuity, and the feveral additions to be made thereto: and whereas, in purfuance of the faid loft mentioned aft, the South-Sea company did redeem fo much of the faid debt of five hundred thonfani pounds as amounted to the principal fam or four hundred thirty four thoufand fix hundred and five poutids, by taking the fame into their capital Jiock at the prices agreed between them and the Jaid proprietors, and the ftanding orders for the fame have been accordingly delivered up into the office of the auditor of the receipt of exchequer, and by means thereof the faid company are become entitled U an annuity or yearly fum of feventeen thoufand three hundred eighty four pounds four jhillings, being after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, in refpeft of the find principal fum fo redeemed and taken into their capital fteck, and the rtfidue of the Jaid principal debt orfum of five hundred thoufand pounds hath beenfiner paid off, and difeharged, by means whereof the faid annuity ofthirty thoufand five hundredfifty nine poundsfourteen Jhiuings isredeemedonddetermin-ed,and the Jaid impofitions or duties (land now charged with the faid particularfund of twenty one thoufaeid pounds per annum for the refidunj the faid term of thirty two years, for the purpofes a fore jaid, mi with tie faid annuity of feventeen thoufand three hundred eighty four pounds four Jhillings, payable to the South-Sea company, until the redemption thereof by parliament, and with a proportionable part of the additional

1726-] Anno doetmo tertio Georgii I. c«zi<	393

iitional allowance for charges of management, allowed or to be allow* ed the faid company, in rdpetf of the faid fum of four hundred thirty four thoufandfix hundred and five pounds fo redeemed and taken into their capital Jlock as aforefaid: now we your Majefty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, taking into our ferious confideration the great expences and charges your Majefty muft neceflarily be at for the defence of this realm, and maintaining the important town and fortrefs of Gibraltar, now actually befieged by the forces of the King of Spain; for the preferving the trade and navigation of this kingdom, and maintaining and preferving a juft balance of power and peace in Europe; and being defirous to raife the ne-ceflary fupplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majefty for thefe purpofes, in the eafieft manner we arc able, for the benefit of your lubjelts, have freely and voluntarily given and

Jgranted, and by this a£t do give and grant to your Majefty the )7o,oeeL um of three hundred and feventy thoufand pounds, to be raifed granted to bis in fuch manner and form as is herein after dire&ed ; and to that end do moft humbly befeech your Majefty, that it may be ensiled; and be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent maiefty, by and with the advice and confertt of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That there (hall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the receipt of the exchequer one book or regifter, in which all the orders for money payable upon this alt (hall be entred and regiftred; and that it ^ny perfons (hail and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons, natives may lend cyi or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to lend to his Ma- credit of the jefty, at the faid receipt, upon credit of the faid furplus, excefs ^^^coals" or overplus monies fo as aforefaid referved for the difpofition of ^1™^3 s* parliament, any fum or fums of money not exceeding in the cent, whole the fum of three hundred and feveilty thoufand pounds, which lenders (hall have intereft for their forbearance of their refpeltive loans, not exceeding the rate of four pounds per cen~ turn per annum> fo as fuch loans be allowed to be made by the commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or by the lord high treafurer, or any three or more of the com-miflioner* of the treafury for the time being, who are hereby authorized to ifTue their warrants for that purpofe, as faft as fuen loans (hall be wanted for the publick fervice; the faid intereft to be paid every three months from the making of fuch loans, un- Intereft to be til the fatisfaltion of the principal fums refpellively; and that no	*

monies fo to be lent, (hall be rated or aflefled in any tax or af-fcflment whatfoever; and that every fuch lender (hall immediately have a talley of loan (truck for the money by him, her or them lent, and an order of the fame date for repayment thereof, with fuch intereft as aforefaid; and that all fuch orders lhaH be regiftred in courfe according to their dates, and all perfons ^Srfc m thereupon (hall be paid in courfe, as their orders (hall ftand regiftred, fo as the perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, his, her or theif: executors, adminiftrators or affigns, whofe orders

(hall

394

Anno decimo tertio GeorGH I. C. 2 r:	[1726.

(hall be firft regiftred, (hall be accounted the perfon or perfons to be firft paid, and fo fucceflively in courfe; and that the faid furplus, excefs or overplus monies (hall be in the fame order liable to the fatisfadtion of the faid refpedtive perfons, their execu-tors, adminiftrators or affigns fucceflively, without undue preference of one before another, and not otherwife, and (hall not be diverted or divertible to any other ufe, intent or purpofe whatfoever; and that no fee, reward or gratuity, diredtly or indirectly, be demanded or taken, for providing or making any fuch books or regifters, or any entries, views or fearch, in or for payment of money lent, or the intereft thereof as afbrefaid, by any of his Majefty's officer or officers,their clerks or deputies, on pain of payment of treble damages to the party aggrieved, by the party offending, with full cofts of fuit; or it* the officer himfelf take or demand any fuch fee or reward, then to forfek Nonndoeprc-his place alfo; and if any undue preference of one before ano-tcrcnce. ther (hall be made in point of regiftry or payment, contrary to the true meaning of this aft, by any fuch officer or officers, then the party offending (hall be liable by adtion of debt or on the cafe, to pay the value of the debt, with full cofts of fuit to the party aggrieved, and (hall be forejudged of his place or office; and if luch preference be unduly made by any his deputy or clerk, without direction or privity of his mafter, then fuch*deputy or clerk only (hall be liable to fuch adtion, debt, damages and colts, and (hall be for ever incapable of his place or office; and in cafe the auditor of tKe receipt (hall not direct, or the clerk of the pells record, or the tellers make payment, according to each perfon's due place or order as before directed, then he or they (hall be adjudged to forfeit, and the refpedtive deputies or clerks therein offending to be liable to fuch adtion, debt, damages and colts in fuch manner as aforefaid ; all which faid penalties, forfeitures, damages and cofts to be incurred by any of the officers of the exchequer, or any their deputies or clerks, (nail and may be recovered by adtion ot debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at tycfiminftir% wherein no eflbin, protection, privilege, wager of law* injunction or order of reftraint, (hall be in any wife granted or allowed.

Tallies dated the fame day no undue preference. Nor if fnbfequent or-drbt is re- ders be paid I*tore fuch as were not demanded in courfe. Orders aflGgn-UttmeJ.	able.	Treafury may iffiie new exchequer-bills at ad. per cent, per diem.

1 Geo. a. c. 2. Intereft faved on bills in the exchequer, or in the receivers hands. The hills tube regiftred arithmetically, and paid in courfe. Treafury to dined the courk of payment for loans or exchequer-bills, and to appoint cheques, &c. The bills (hall be placed as cafli in the exchequer. Thefe bills mail be fubje£t to the roles in the land-tax 13 Geo. 1. c. 1. The loans and exchequer-bills charged on the furplus monies to arife from Michaelmas 1726, on the duties on coals. Treafury on Michaelmas ysaxJy to taken account of the furpluires of the preceding year If there he more than will pay intereft, &c. principal to be paid off fo far as it will extend. Deficiency to be made good out of the firft fun plies, or out of the (inking fund. Monies ifluea out of the finking funcf to be replaced there. If the whole 370,000!. be not railed by Michaelmas 1717* the furpluflea in the exchequer may be ilTued as part of the fmn, &c. £ X

xvn. Pro*

1726.]; Anno decimo tertio Georgii I. C.21I	395

XVII.	Provided alfo, and be it enadted by the authority a- ^ forefaid, That from and after the paying oft, cancelling and off the^iilf, difeharging all the faid loans, exchequer-bills, intereft. Premium the furplufTes* or rate and changes, and fubjedt thereto, all the furplus, excefs &all be referv. or overplus monies to arife by, for or upon the faid impofitions ed{/<?r the <lif* or duties on coals and culm, to be computed quarterly, as by

the faid adt of the fifth year of his Majefty’s reign is diredted, £ Geo. 1. c. 9. (hall from time to time be kept apart, and referved for the dif-pofitionof parliament, and (hall not be applied or.difpofed to any ufe or purpofe whatfoever, but by the authority of parliament, and according to fuch future adt or adts of parliament as Hull be made and paffed for the difoofition thereof.

XVIII.	Provided always. That nothing in this adt contained Not to alter fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, in any manner to alter, the provifions defeat, weaken or impeach the provifions made by the faid feve- JJa* 5 <£«>.%• ral adts of the fifth and fixth years of his Maiefty’s reign, or c. 9.

either of them, for the due payment of the faid particular fund 6 Geo. t. €.4* of twenty one thoufand pounds per annum, or any the principal fums to be raifed thereby, or the intereft thereof, or ot the faid annuity of feventeen thoufand three hundred eighty four pounds four (hillings, fo as aforefaid due and payable to the South-Sea company for or in refpedt of the faid fum of four hundred thirty four thoufand fix hundred and five pounds fubferibed into their capital ftock, or the additional allowance for charges of management, or any other right or intereft which the laid South-Sea company, or any other perfon or perfons, body or bodies politick or corporate, claiming or to claim by, from or under them, have or ought to have out of the monies arifing by or for the faid impofitions or duties, by virtue of the before recited adt of the fixth year of his Majefty’s reign, but the lame lhall for ever hereafter remain and continue in as full force, to all intents and purpofes, as.if this adt had not been made; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wito notwithftanding.

XIX.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enadted by the when the du->

authority aforefaid. That from and after payment and difeharee, ties on coals as well of all the loans and exchequer-bills to be created by this, J^l h* under-adt, with all the intereft, Pramium, rate and charges thereon,	**

as of all former or other fum or fums of money charged on the faid impofitions and duties on coals and culm, then and not till then the fame impofitions and duties lhall be underftood to be redeemed by parliament, and (hall not be iiTued, paid or‘applied to any ufe, intent or purpofe whatfoever, but by authority of parliament; any provision in any former or other adt or adts of parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.	♦

XX.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That the _

faid fum of three hundred and feventy thoufand pounds, to be approbated raifed in manner as aforefaid, (hall be appropriated and applied, far the iervice and is hereby appropriated for and towards thefiune ufes, intents of the year and purpofes, that the fums of money already granted in this feflion of parliament, for the fupply or fcrvice of the year one

thou-

theufand feven hundred and twenty ftven, are appropriated or dire ft ed to be ifiued by an aft of this prefent feflions of parliament for) continuing the duties on malt, mum, cyder and perry for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty feven) or by any other aft or afts of this prefent feflions of parliament, and to and for none other ufe, intent or pnrpofe whatfoever.

CAP. XXII.

4n all for enlarging the times for bearing and determining claims by the truftees for raifing money upon the eftates of the late direflors of the South-Sea company, and others \ and for relief of the creditors of Robert Knight, efquire, late cajhier of the faid company, and for relief of perfons who have entred claims for cdntingent debts and incumbrances ; and for giving time to Ralph Gulfton, and 0-tber creditors of Edward Gibbon, efquire, to enter claims before the feud truftees, for a debt fpecifted in the inventory of tbe faid Edward Gibbon j and for empowering the truftees to difmifs claims for want of profecution; and for applying tbe produce of tbe faid eftates for tbe benefit of tbe South-Sea company.

7 Geo. t. flat, i. c. *8.

WHEREAS by an alt of parliament made in the feventb year of his Majejiy’s reign, intituled, An aft for railing money upon the eftates of the late fub-govemor, deputy governor, direftors, ealhier, deputy-ealhier, and accountant of the South-Sea company, and of John Aijlabie, efquire, and likewife of James Craggs ien. efquire, deceafed, towards making good the great lofs and damage fuftained by the faid company j and for di fabling fuch of the faid perfons as are living to hold any Office or place of truft under the crown, or to fit or vote in parliament for the future; and for other purpofes in the laid aft exprefied} it is amongfl other things molted. That all and every the taftles, honours, lorJJhtps, manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, rents, reverftons, fervices, remainders, pojjtjfions, royalties, franchises, ju-rif "Unions and privileges whatfoever, and all appurtenances to them, every or any of them belonging or appertaining, and all rights of entry, rights of allion, titles, conditions, ufes, trufls, powers and authorities, and all leafes for Ufe, lives or years, penfions, annuities, rent-charges ated hereditaments whatfoever, and of what nature or bind foever they be, and all and every the jhare and fhares in the capital flock or flocks of any corporation, company or fociety whatfoever, and all menus due upon ary account or accounts balanced or to be balanced, and all other debts and fecurities for debts, and alt ready monies, jewels, plate, goods, merchandizes, perfonal eflatt and efftOs whatfoever, and of what nature or kind foever, in Great Bntain, Ireland, or elfcwhere, which Sir John Fellowes, baronet, (lot fob-governor) Charles Joye, efquire, (late deputy governor) ant William Altell, efquire. Sir Lambert Blackwell, bonnet. Sir

John

997

1726.]	-	Anno	dedmo	tertio	Georgix	I.	c.12.

John Blunt, baronet. Sir Robert Chaplin, baronet, Sir William Chapman, knight andbaronet, Robert Chefter, efyuire, Stephen Child, efyuire, Peter Delaporte, efyuire, Francis Eyles, efquire,

James Edmondfon, efyuire, Edward Gibbon, efyuire, John Gore, efyuire. Sir William Hammond, knight, Francis Hawes, efyuire, Richard Horfcy, efyuire, Richard Houlditch, efyuire, Sir Theodore Janflcn, knight and baronet. Sir Jacob Jacobfon, knight, Arthur Ingram, efyuire. Sir John Lambert, baronet.

Sir Harcourt Mailer, knight, William Morley, efyuire. Am-brofe Page, efyuire, colonel Hugh Raymond, Samuel Read, junior, efyuire, Thomas Reynolds, efyuire, Jacob Sawbridge, efyuire, William Tillard, efquire, and John Turner, efyuire,

(late direflors of the corporation of the governor and company of merchants of Great Britan trading to the South-Seas, and other parts ^America, and for encouraging the fifbery) and alfo Robert Knight, late treafurer or cajhier, Robert Surman, late de-puty-cajhier, John Grigsby, late accountant to the faid corporation, and John Aiilabie, efyuire, every or any of them, upon the firjl day of June anno domini one thoufand feven hundred and twenty, or at any time or times afterwards, or winch James Craggs the elder, deceafed, or any perfon or perfons in trufl for him at the time of hts death, was or were feifea or pqffeffea of, or interefied in, or entitled unto, in law or equity in their or any of their own rights, or to his or their own ufe or ufes, or in partnerjhip with any others [except as in the faid aft is excepted) were, by force and virtue of the faid afi, vejled and fettled in Sir John Eyles, baronet. Sir Thomas Crofs, baronet, John Rudge, efquire, Matthew Lant, efyuire,

Roger Hudfon, dquire, now Sir Roger Hudfon, knight, Edmund Halfey, efqnire, John Lade, efyuire, Gabriel Roberts, efquire, and Richard Hopkins, efyuire, now Sir Richard Hopkins, knight, thereby nominated and appointed trujlees for the ufts and fitrpojes in the feud aft exprtffed of and concerning the fame, and the heirs, executors, admnijlrators and affigns of the fame truftees, from the re-fptftive times in the jaid aft named, to the intent the fame might be fold and difpofed of, or otberwife applied to and for the ufes and pur-pofes in the faid a ft expnjfed concerning the fame, and that the clear monies arifmg thereby Jboutd be appropriated to and for the ufe of the South-Sea company, in fiuh manner as therein is exprtffed: and it is thereby further enabled, That the entries of fucb claims, as by the 7Geo.i.ftatt faid aft are direfted,by or far any perfon or corporation in Great Bri- c. *$. * r rain, Jhould or might be made at any time before the twenty fifth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and twenty one, and by or for any perfon or perfons refiding or being beyond tho feas, or out of Great Britain, fbonld and might be made at any time before the twenty fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two: and by the faid aft it is farther enabled, That the faid trufiees, or any three or more erf them, fhevid and might inquire and inform tiemfehes, by Or upon the tefiimony of wilneffis upon oath, or by the examination of the perfons making fucb claims upon oath {all which oaths they, or any one or more of them, had power to admnifier) or by the inspection of any mortgages, bonds, bills, notes or other fecurities, or any ncoounts relating to the faid debts, or any of them fo claimed, or by

. i

Anno decimo teitio GeoR6ii I.	£1726;

. injbeftion of any grants, gifts, fettlements, conveyances, transfers or ajfurances relating to the Jaid eftates, interefts or incumbrances fo claimed, or any of them, or by all or any of the faii ways and means, or otherwife, according to their difcretions, as foon as conveniently might be, touching all or any of the debts, eftates, interefts, or incumbrances fo claimed, and Jbould make a report or reports in writing of their proceedings therein, with their opinions thereon, from time to time, to the court of directors of the faii South-Sea company for the time being \ and if the faid court of directors for the time being Jbould be Jatisfied in the juftice of fuch claim or claims, or that any debt or fum of money ought to be paid thereon, or that the eftate, intereft, or incumbrance Jo claimed, or any part thereof, ought to be allowed, and Jhculd declare their fatisfaftton therein, by any refolu-tion or refolutions of that court \ and if the party or parties, by or for whom fuch claim Jhould be made, Jbould likewife, in a book or books to be kept in the faid trujlets publick office for that purpofe, declare in writing under his, her or their hands, his, her or their at-quiefcence in fuch refolution or refolutions of the faid court of directors for the time beings touching his, her or their debt, eftate, intereft, or incumbrance jo claimed, at any time or times before the firft day of Auguft one thoujand Jiven hundred and twenty two; then in all and every fuch caje an t cafes the faid truftees, or any three or more of them, Jhould give warrant for the payment and dtfebarge of every fuch debt or fum of money Jo liquidated or adjufted, out of fuch monies as Jhould come to the hands of the cajhicr of the faid South-Sea eompany for the time being, for the purpojes in the Jatd aft exprejfed: and it was by the faid aft further enabled. That the juftices of the courts of King's bench and common pleas, and barons of the coif of the exchequer for the time being, or any three or more ofthem, fitting at the fame time and place, and not otherwife, Jhould, and they were thereby authorized, from time to time, to hear and determine all differences, difputes and controverjies touching or concerning any debts, I eftates, interejls, or incumbrances, which Jbould be claimed within the refpeftive times therein before limited for making fuch claims, and could not or Jbould not be liquidated or adjufted between the faid court of directors for the time being, and the refpeftive claimants within the j time before limited in that behalf, and all incidents relating thereun- j to, in fuch manner, as by the faid aft is direfted: and by toe faid aft it is further enabled. That the faid juftices and barons, or any three or more of them, upon a complaint to be made by or for any claimant of any fuch debt, eftate, intereft, or incumbrance, whofe claims Jhould not be liquidated or adjufted as aforefaid, (fo as fuch complaint be , made on or before the twenty fifth day ^December one thoujandfeven hundred and twenty two) jhould proceed in fuch manner as by the faii aft is direfted j and the faid juftices and barons, or any thru or more of them, in all cafes where they Jbould find that any debt or fum of money ought to be paid to jucb claimant upon fuch claims, or that tie eftate, intereft, cr incumbrance Jo claimed, or any part thereof ought to be allowed, Jhould and might, at any time or times before the twenty fifth day of March one thoujand feven hundred ana twenty three, tranfmit a certificate oi certificates thereof to the faid truftees in the

fei

401

1726.] Ahno decimo tertio Geo&GII I. C.2&2:

faid aft nominated: and by the faid aft it is provided and enafted That the powers given by the faid toft to the faid jufiices and barons, for hearing and determining fuch differences, difputes and controverfies relating to fuch claims as afore faid, and iffuing their certificates concerning the fame as aforefaid, Jbould continue and be in force until the twenty fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, and no longer. And whereas by an aft made in the eighth year of his Majeftfs reignt intituled. An aft for prolonging the sGco.i.c. 13. times for hearing and determining claims before the truftees, in whom the eftates of the late South-Sea directors, and of John Aiflabie, efquire, and likewife of James Craggs, efquire deceafed, are veiled, and for other purpofes therein mentioned, federal of the times in the former aft limited were enlarged to further times therein exprcjfed: and whereas by an aft made in the ninth year of his Majcjiys reign, intituled. An aft for further enlarging the 9Geo.i1C.13. times for entring, hearing and determining claims on the eilates veiled in the truftees of the South-Sea company, and obliging

Sterfons to claim (lock by the time therein mentioned, for money ubferiptions, and for other the purpofes therein mentioned, the times in the faid lajl mentioned aft limited were further enlarged to other times therein expreffed: and whereas by an a£t made in the tenth year of bis Majefiy’s reign, intituled. An aft for enlarging the times for hearing and determining claims by the truftees, ioGco«i»c*,4» for raifing money upon the eftates of the late direftors of the South-Sea company and others, and for reviving and continuing the provifion formerly made againft requiring fpecial bail in aftions or fuits upon contrafts for ftock or fubferiptions, between the firft day of December one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen and the firft day of December one thoufand feven hundred and twenty, and for other purpofes therein mentioned, the times in the laft mentioned aft of the ninth year of his Majeflys reign were enlarged to further times therein expreffed; and whereas the time by the lajl mentioned aft limited for the faid court of direftors being fatisfied of the jujlice offuch claim or claims, and for declaring their fatisfaftion therein by any refolution or refolutions of the faid court, did expire on the twenty fourth day of December Icf, ana the other times limited by the faid aft for other purpofes therein mentioned are near expiring; now forafttmeh as the claims made purfuant to the firjl recited aft, and alfo to the herein before recited aft of the ninth year of his faid Majefifs reign, could not be cdjufied and determined within the times already limited for the fame \ may it pleafe your moft excellent Majefty, that it may be enafted, <3c. EXP.

Time for the direftors of the South-Sea company being fatisfied in any claims, enlarged to 24 June 171ft, and for the judges determining difputes, to 24 Decern. 17*8. Robert Knight's eftatc made liable to pay his creditors, befoie any demand ot the South-Sea company. Trullees to give their warrants for difeharging fuch debts. Claufe for relief ofperfons who have entred claims for contingent debts and incumbrances. Truftees may 7 Geo 1. flat, compound with fuch claimants. Time given to Ralph Guilt on and other 1. c, a8« creditors of Edward Gibbon, efq \ to enter their claims before the truftees.

The money to be paid to creditors or executors. Trullees may difmifs claims not profecuted within 60 days after perfonal notice or publication VOL. XV.	Dd	in

in the Gazette. Truftees before the ic March 17*8, to fettle an account of all South-Sea (lock and annuities vetted in them* fee. 1 Geo* a* ftat. s. c. S. f. ii.

CAP. XXIII.-An aft for the better regulation of the woollen manufafture, and for preventing difputes among the perfons concerned therein ; and for limiting a time for profecuting for the for-feiture appointed by an aft of the twelfth year of his Ma-jejifs reign, in cafe of payment of the workmens wages in any other manner than in money.

WHEREAS diver % controverfies and difputes have arifen between the clothiers and maters of woollen goods and the mam-fa fturers employed by them, concerning the length of the warping bars, and the uncertainty of weights by which wool, yarn and other materials ufed in the manufacturing or making up of woollen goods have been delivered out to the fcveral workmen employed therein : now for the better regulating of the faid manufacture, and the quieting or more fpeedy determining all difputes which may happen for the future, be it enaCted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the firft day The length of 0f June 0ne thoufand feven hundred and twenty feven, it (hall andTbmms^o not ke lawful for any maker of mixed, medley or white doth be ufed in t0 u^e or caufe co be ufed, any bars, called warping bars, but mixing med- only fuch which (hall be of tne meafure and length hereafter ley or white appointed ; that is to fay, every long warping bar (hall be in doth.	length	three yards and three inches, and no more; and every

round warping bar (hall be four yards and four inches round, and no more j the faid three inches on the long bar, and the (aid four inches on the round bar, being in lieu of the over meafure ufually allowed in cloths; and alfo that the thrums at the end of the warping bars (hall not exceed eighteen inches in length; and if any maker of fuch cloth (hall after the (aid firft day of June ufe or caufe to be ufed any warping bar of other length or meafure than what is hereby appointed, or with thrums exceeding eighteen inches in length, every fuch maker of fuch cloth (hall for every fuch offence forfeit ana pay the fum of ten pounds.

All wool, See. II- And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That to be given * every maker of fuch cloth or goods mixed with wool (hall give out by weight, out all wool, yarn or other materials for fuch manufacture by th ,lb°Z*t0 weight, after the rate of fixteen ounces to the pound, and (hall e * receive back the fame by the fame weight without fraud or deceit, upon pain of forfeiting and paying the fum of five pounds for every offence contrary to the true meaning of this aCt.

No clothier to ^ And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, ufe any ends° That no clothier or maker of woollen cloths, druggets or other •f yarn, See. woollen goods, or goods mixed with wool, (hall ufe or caufe to

be

1726.] ' Afino decimo tertio Georgii L C. 23#	403*

be ufed any ends of yarn, wefts or other refufe of cloths, drug- by working gets or other woollen goods, or goods mixed with wool, flocks themupagain. and pinions only excepted, by working the fame up again into any forts of goods whatfoever, upon pain of forfeiting and pay- . ing for every fuch offence, contrary to the true meaning of this aft, the fum of five pounds.

IV.	And be it enafted, That all profecutions for offences Profecutions, contrary to the true meaning of this aft (hall be heard and de- howto be termined by two or more juftices of the peace for the county, heard, divifion or place where fuch offence (hall be committed, upon information given upon oath within three calendar months after

fuch offence committed*; and fuch juffices are hereby authorized and required to examine, hear and determine the fame; and upon every conviftion for fuch offence to iffue their warrant or warrants to levy fuch pains or penalties by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels; one moiety thereof to the ufe of the informer or informers, and the other moiety to the ufe of the poor of the parifh where fuch offence or offences (hall be committed; and for want of a fufficient diftrefs to commit the offender or offenders to the county gaol for any time not exceeding the fpace of three months, or until fatisfaftion be made by fuch offender or offenders.

V.	And be it enafted. That all difputes and demands relat-

ing to work, wages or damages between any clothier or maker How difputes ofwoollen goods, or goods mixt with wool, and any weaver or relating to other perfon or perfons employed in fuch manufaftures, (hall	*

be heard and determined by two or more juftices of the peace beh^rd. for the county, divifion or place where fuch difpute Or demand

(hall arife, who are hereby required and authorized, upon complaint to them made, to fummon the parties, and to hear and examine upon oath, and adjudge fuch fatisfaftion, and to give fuch cofts and damages to the party aggrieved, as in their discretion (hall feeni reafonable, and to iflue their warrant or warrants to levy fuch cofts and damages by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of fuch perfon or perfons, who (hall refufe, tor the fpace of ten days, to pay fuch cofts and damages by them fo adjudged ; and for want of a* fufficient diftrefs, to commit the party to the county gaol or houfe of correftion for any time not exceeding the fpace of three months, or until fatisfaftion (hall be made by the party fo offending.

VI.	Provided always. That it (hall and may be lawful for Appeal to the any perfon aggrieved by any order of fuch juftices, to appeal to 9uartc£fc^ the juftices of peace at the next general auarter-feflions to be hota* holder* for the county, divifion or place where fuch order (hall

be made, giving fix days notice in writing of fuch appeal; and the juftices in their quarter-feflions are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the matter of fuch appeal, and make fuch order, and to award fiich cofts and damages, as to them in their diferetion (hall feem reafonable, and to levy, by their order or warrants fuch cofts and damages fo awarded, by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of any perfon or per-

P d 2	foni	'

4°4

Juftices on in formation of ill practices may ifliic war rants to iearch.

Conftables may fearch end-gatherers.

Anno decimo tertio Gborgii I. c. 2$.	[	1726.

fons'who (hall refufe to obey the fame; and for want of fuffi-cient diftrefs to commit the party to the county gaol or houfe of correction for any time not exceeding three calendar months, or until fatisfa&ion (hall be made by the parties offending; and fuch award or order of the juftices at the quarter-feffions (ball be final, nor (hall the proceedings of any juftice or juftices out of feflions, or of the juftices in their feuions, in purfuance of this a<5t, be liable to be removed by certiorari or other form or procefs of law; any thing in this prefent or any other a& or aCts contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

VII.	And to prevent the ill practices aforelaid, and to deteCk the fame, in cafe they (hall be committed, be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for

. any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace, upon information to him or them given on oath, that any perfon or perfons are for are fufoefted to be) guilty of any of the ill practices afore-laid, to i(lue out his or their warrant or warrants to any con-flable, tithingman or other peace officer or officers, or to any churchwarden or overfecr, directing him or them in the daytime to enter into any houfe or houfes, (hop or (hops, ware-houfe or warehoufes, or other ftifpe&ed place or places, to fearch for and examine all fuch bars and weights as (hall be made ufc of for the purpofes before-mentioned by any fuch clothier or maker of woollen goods as aforefaid; and if any clothier or maker of woollen cloth (hall interrupt any fuch officer or officers in the execution of his or their office or offices, that then fuch clothier or maker (hall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds.

VIII.	And whereas feveral abufls have been committed iu tie woollen manufacture by perjens, commonly called End-gatherers* going a-bout the counties within this kingdom, and colic Ring, buying and receiving from the labourers imployed in fuch manufacture ends ofyarn, wefts, thrums, Jhort yarn and other refufe of cloth, drugget and other woollen goods, and goods mixt with wool, flocks and pinions only excepted ; be it therefore enabled by the authority aiorefaid. That 'if from and after the faid firft day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty feven any (uch perfon or perfons (hall be found collecting, buying, receiving or any ways carrying or conveying fuch ends of yarn, wefts, thrums, (hort yarn or o-ther refufe of cloth, drugget or other woollen goods, or goods mixed with wool, flocks and pinions only excepted, in any bag or bags or other convenience for carrying fuch ends of yarn, wefts, thrums, (hort yarn or other retufe of cloth, drugget or other woollen goods, or goods mixed with wool, that it (hall and may be lawful for any conftable or other peace officer, by warrant under the hand and feal of one or more juftice or justices of the peace, to fearch and examine fuch perfon or perfons, his, her or their bag or bags or other convenience for carrying fuch ends of yarn, wefts, thrums, (hort yarn or other refuie of cloth, drugget or other woollen goods, or goods mixed with wool; and if on fuch fearch fuch conftable or other officer (hall

find

1726.] Anno decimo tertio GeoRgii I. c. 23.	405	.

find on or with any fuch perfon or perfons any fuch ends of Ifonfearch yarn, wefts, thrums, (hort yarn or other refufe of cloth, drug- &c ^be found get or other woollen goods, or goods mixed with wool, flocks on the/ and pinions only excepted, that then fuch conftable or other are to carry• officer (hall carry fuch perfon or perfons before one or more them before a juftice or juftices of the peace for the county, divifion, city or Juft,cc* town corporate where fuch perfon (hall be fo found and dif-covered fo offending; which perfon or perfons, upon due con* yidtion of any of the faid offences on oath of one or more witnefs or witnefTes, or by confeflion of the party or parties, him, her On cenvi&ion or themfelves, every fuch perfon fo offending (hall be deemed to be deemed and taken to be a dangerous and incorrigible rogue, vagrant or “corrigible perfon, and (hall be liable to be deemed, taken and punifhed 0SUC,• as a dangerous and incorrigible rogue, vagrant or perfon, in the 11 Ann. fame manner as is directed by the ftatute of the twelfth year of** c# the late Queen Anne.

IX.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That Makers to from and after the faid firft day of Jutie one thoufand feven hun* pay the dred and twenty feven every maker of mixed, medley or white cordin”tothe broad cloath (hall fatisfy and pay to the weaver or weavers im-y^rtLattbe ployed‘by fuch maker in or aboot the weaving the fame, accord- chains are laid ing to the number of yards that the faid chains are laid on the ?n the warp-warping bars, and not otherwife, on pain of forfeiting and pay^ ,nghars. ing for every offence contrary to the true meaning hereof the

fum of five pounds.

X.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That Owners of for preventing of the ill pradtices ufed in the exceflive draining tentor

of mixed or medley woollen broad cloth, every owner or pro-	their

prietor of tentor or tentors, rack or racks for fuch cloth, within tentors in

the counties of Gloucejler, Wilts and Somer/etj (hall, after the com* Glou-

firft day of Augujl one thoufand feven hundred and twenty feven, ceftcr, Wilts,

and he is hereby required to meafure fuch tentor or tentors, rack and Somcrfc**

or racks, as (hall be made ufe of for teriterfng or racking fuch

doth, and to mark or number in figures plain and fair to be

fecn, the true length of yards of each tentor or rack, beginning

at number I, and fo continuing to the end thereof, upon the

top bar belonging to each tentor or rack, and on the forc-fide

thereof •, each yard to contain fix and thirty inches, to which

(hall be added one inch more, being in lieu of the over meafure

ufually allowed in cloths, fo that the fame length (hall contain

feven and thirty inches, to prevent any difputes in refpedt of

meafuring by the yardj and if any fuch tentor or tentors, rack

or racks (hall, after the faid firft day of Auguft one thoufand Forfeiture for

feven hundred and twenty feven, be found not to be meafured not meafuring

or truly marked and numbered as aforefaid, the owner or pro- the tentors.

prietor of fuch tentor or tentors, rack or racks, (hall forfeit

and pay the fum of five pounds for each tentor or rack that

(hall be found not fo numbred and marked as aforefaid; and

the juftices of the peace for the counties aforefaid, in their re- infpeftors to

fpe<ftive general quarter-feflions next after Midfummer-Day next, be cbofen •

?U3id afterwards at their general quarter-feflions next after Eajler yearly 1

D d 3	yearly

4o6	Anno	dedmo	tertio	Georgii	I.	c.23.	[1726.

yearly and every year, (hall choofe and appoint fo many (kilful men of good character and repute within the faid refpedive counties, as they (hall think reafonable, to be infpedors for the year enfuing, and may allow to each of them a falary not exceeding thirty pounds per annum^ to be paid out of fueh money as (hall be received by the treafurers of the faid counties respectively, as is herein after dirededj which faid inljpedors (hall, and they hereby have full power, at all feafonable times, in the Their power, day time (Sundays excepted) tp enter and infped all and every the mill and mills, (hop and (hops, out-houfe and out-houfes, and tentor grounds of every clothier, millman and other perfop concerned in the manufacturing and milling of mixed or medley woollen broad cloth; and they are to meafure the length of every tentor or rack, and length and breadth of every fuch doth he (nail there find, before it (hall be carried from thence, and (hall (tamp his name on a lead feal, to be furniftied by the maker of fuch cloth or cloths, and affix the fame on the head end of every fuch cloth, and (hall keep one or more book or jbooks, wherein (hall be regiftred or fet down fucb clothier’s, millman’s or other perfon’s name, and the number and exad length and breadth of every fuch cloth, which (hall be made within their refpedive divisions; and (hall, at every general quarter-feflions of the peace to be holden for the county, city or town corporate wherein they (hall be fo appointed refpedively, give in a true copy of fuch regilter, with an account of what pains, penalties and forfeitures have been levied, recovered and received, by virtue of this ad, within their refpedive divifions; and no infpedor (hall enter upon the execution of fuch his office before he hath taken the oath following before one of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the county, city or town wherein he (hall be appointed infpedor:

I A. B. do jwear that I will well and truly execute the office of an in foe ft or of mixed er medley woollen broad cloth within this county, according to the laws and Jlatutes of this realm, and according to the befi of my Jkill and knowledge.	So help me God.

Penalty for refufmg entrance to the infpe&ors.

Infpefiera (alary how to be railed.

XI.	And if from and after the faid firft day of Auguft one thoufand feven hundred and twenty feven, any clothier or maker of any fuch cloth, or any millman or other perfon within the counties aforefaid, (hall refufe fuch infpedor or infpedors to enter the faid places or any of them for the purpofes aforefaid, the perfon fo refufmg or refilling (hall forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds.

XII.	Provided, and be it cnaded, That if any (uch infpec-tor or infpedors appointed as aforefaid, do or (hall ad therein againft his or their (aid oath or oaths, he or they being con-vided thereof, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds.

XIII.	And for the railing the aforefaid falaries for the infpec-tors aforefaid. Be it eroded, That from and after the faid firft day of Auguft every maker or makers of mi^ed or mcdjey woollen

407

1726.] Anno dccimb fcrtid GfioRGH I. C. 23.

len broad cloth within the counties aforefaid, (hall pay to the (aid infpedor or infpedors appointed as aforefaid, the fum of two pence per cloth, for every fuch doth, he, (he or they (hall make, before the faid cloths are fent away from the faid mill or mills; and the faid infpe&or or infpedors (hall, every three months or oftner, pay the money by him or them fo received, into the hands of the treafurer of the county for the time being, where fuch infpedor or infpedors (hall live or exercife his or their office or offices, to be applied by the diredion of the faid juftices at their general quarter-feflions, towards the falarjes of infpedors to be appointed by virtue of this ad.

XIV.	And if any millman within the counties aforefaid (hall, p .

after the faid firft day of Augujty fend home to any dothier or ^JJSnSnd-maker of cloth, any fuch cloth or cloths as aforefaid, before ing home they are infpeded and meafured as aforefaid, then fuch mill- cloth before man (hall, for every piece of cloth fo fent home, forfeit and pay impeded, the fum of forty (hillings.

XV.	Provided always. That nothing in this ad contained Not to repeal (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to repeal or make void a charter to any powers formerly given by charter or ad of parliament to the clothiers the corporation of clothiers in the city of IVorcefter, for the bet- °f Worceiter. ter governing and regulating the woollen manufadure, but that

the fame (hall and may be ufed and exercifed, as if this ad had never been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XVI.	And whereas, by an ad pafled in the twelfth year of the Profecutions

reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft to prevent unlawfulon	a&

combinations of workmen employed in the woollen manufactures', and for ^co^enced the better payment of their wages, It is enaded. That if any clothier, within fergemaker, woollen, or worfted ftuffmaker, or perfon concern- 3 months after ed in making any woollen cloths, ferges or duffs, or any ways com" concerned in employing woolcombers, weavers or other labour- "““***•

ers in the woollen manufadures as aforefaid, (hall pay any perfon or perfons employed by them, their wages or other price 41-greed on, or any part thereof, either in goods, or by way of truck, or in any other manner than in money, every perfon fo offending (hall forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds.

XVII.	And whereas by the fold aft no time is limited for profe• a(ting for fuch offence as aforefaid, be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid. That every profecution for fuch offence, by virtue of the faid recited ad, (hall be commenced within the fpace of three months next after fuch offence committed, and not otherwife.

XVIII.	And be it further enaded, That if any perfon is fued General UTue. or moleded for any matter done in purfuance of this ad, fuch

perfon may plead the general iffue, and may give this ad and the (pedal matter in evidence; and if after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared the plaintiff (hall be nonfuited, or ^(continue his adion, or if upon demurrer judgment (hall be

g'ven againft the plaintiff, or if a verdid is given for the de-ndant or defendants, the defendant or defendants (hall and D d 4	may

Pubiick aft.

After 24. June • 7*7, no p*r-ion to dye any black bays or woollengoods, but with woad, indigo and snather only:

Or any cloths, &c. not being woad ed throughout.

Penalty,

Anno declmo tertio Georoii I. C.24.	[1796.

may recover treble cofts, for which he and they (hs*U have the fame remedy, and all advantages as in cafes wherein colts are by law given to defendants.

XIX.	And be it further cnalted, That this alt (hall be taken and allowed as a publick alt, of which all courts and jultices are required to take notice, without fpecial pleading the fame.

CAP. XXIV.

An aft for preventing frauds and abufes in the dying trade.

WHEREAS divers perfons within this realm, ufing the myf-tery or craft of dyers, have of late ufed and excercifed falfe and deceitful ways in dying bays and other woollen goods blacky without ufing woody indigo or mother, and for paffing off fuch goods as true mathered blackSy (though faljly dyed as aforefaid) the corner only thereof hath been dyed redy and a red rofe or other marky for a true dyed mother blacky tied up at fuch corner, when the rejl of the faii bays and woollen goods, or great part thereof \ are faljly dted without woady indigo or mather as aforefaidy ana fuch or the like deceitful practices have been and are ufed in dying of black cloths y bays and other woollen goodsy to imitate and refemble true xvoadei blackSy without ufing any woad or indigo in the dying thereof \ and a blue rofe or other mark for a true wcaded black hath been fixed to the corner thereofy to deceive the buyer; and whereas great deceit hath been praftifed in the dying of blues with logwood inflead of woad and in-digOy or mixed thercivithy which frauds and abufes tend to the great deceit and hurt of his Mayefly's Jubjefts at homey and to the difere-dit and flander, as well of the merchants as of the dyers of this realms and the woollen manufafturcs of this kingdom are thereby greatly dif-paraged in foreign parts; for redrefs in the premises, may it pleafe your moft excellent Majefty, that it may be enacted, and be it en-altcd by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That if after the twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feyen hundred and twenty feven, any perfon or per-fons whatfoever (hall, within that part of Great Britain called Englandy Wales and Berwick upon Tweedy dye or caufe to be dyed black, or as or for black, any bays or other woollen goods, as or for mather blacks, the fame not being dyed throughout with woad, indigo and mather only, without any other ingredient or mixture, g ving tinllure or colour, or (hall dye or caufe to be dyed black, or a6 or for black, any cloths, long ells, bays or other woollen goods, as or for woaded blacks, the fame not being woaded throughout, every perfon offending in the premises (hall forfeit and pay for fuch deceitful and wife mathered blacks as folioweth (that is to fay)

For every long Backing bays, containing feventy yards or upwards, forty four (hillings.

For every Colcbefier bays or fhort bays, containing thirty five yards or upwards, the (urn of twenty two (hillings, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity of any fitch bays, or

of

172^.3' Anno decimo tcrtio GfcoROll I,' c. *4.	409

of any other woollen goods falfly or deceitfully mathered or pretended to be mathered as aforefaid.

For every cloth falfly and deceitfully dved black without being woaded throughout, containing forty four yards or more, the fum of forty (hillings.

For every piece of bays falfly and deceitfully dyed as,aforefaid, containing feventy yards or upwards, thirty (hillings.

For every Colcbejier or fhort bays, containing thirty five yards or upwards, twelve (hillings.

For every Perpetmna or fluff, falfly and deceitfully dyed as Zr forefaid, the fum of four (hillings, and fo in proportion for any other woollen goods falfly and deceitfully dyed, as and for woaded blacks as aforefaid.

II.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That all Woollen woollen goods and manufactures which (hall be truly mathered goods truly black, according to the directions of this aft, (hall be marked

with a red rofe and a blue rofe, and all woollen goods and ma- w*t ^ nufaftures which (hall be truly woaded black throughout, ac- blue rofe, cording to the directions of this aft, (hall be marked with a blue and truly rofe only; and if any perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall, after woaded black, the faid twenty fourth day of June, counterfeit or forge, or * bluc caufe to be counterfeited or forged any of the faid marks, or Penalty for (hall dye, (tain, imprint or affix any fuch mark or marks to any forging of the woollen goods or manufactures aforefaid, falfly and de- «***• ceitfuily dyed as or for mather or woaded blacks as aforefaid, every fuch offender (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay four pounds for every piece of goods to which the faid mark or marks (hall be affixed as aforefaid.

III.	And be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That if pena]ty for after the faid twenty fourth aay of June any perfon or perfons ufing logwood whatfoever (hall ufe or caufe to be ufed, any logwood in dying in dying blue, pf blue, every fuch perfon (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit

and pay the fum of forty (hillings for every piece of cloth fo dyed, containing in length forty four yards or more, and twenty two (hillings for every long piece of Boding bays, containing in length feventy yards or more, and twelve (hillings for every Colchefter or (hort bays, containing, in length thirty hve yards or more, and four (hillings for every Perpetuana or fluff, containing in length twenty four yards or more, and fo in proportion for all other forts of woollen goods dyed blue with logwood, contrary to this aft.

IV.	And for more effectual preventing the frauds and abufe9 Dyers in Lon. aforefaid, and for better difeovery thereof, be it further enafted don, &c. (ub-by the authority aforefaid, That all perfons occupying the trade,. 1*^*4^ art or myftery of dying any manner of woollen cloth, fluffs or company, woollen manufactures whatfoever, within the city of London or

the fuburbs thereof, or within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, or within ten miles compafs of the fame city, (hall be fubjeft to the examination and infpeftion of the incorporate company of dyers of London \ and that it (hall and may be law- Company may ful to and for the fpafier, wardens and court of afiiiUnts of the ^tinLondoni

faid See.

4io	Arnio	decimo	terdo	Geoxgii	I. c. 24.	[1726.

faid company of dyers, by writing or writings, or under their common feal, to appoint honed and (kilful perfons to be fearch-and quarter- ers within the limits aforefaid; and. out of the limits aforefaid, (effions in o- |t (hall and may be lawful for the judices of the peace at their ther places. gCnerai or quarter-feflions of the peace for any county, city, Searchers may town or p|acCj to appoint fuch fearchers; and it (hall or may be houfts to exa-# law^ul for ell or any fuch fearchers fo to be appointed by thefaid mine cloths, # company of dyers, or by the judices of the peace as aforefaid, fcc*	taking to his or their afiidance a condable or other peace-offi-

cer of the place (who is and are hereby required to be aiding and afliding in the premifles) at all feafonable and convenient times in the day-time, to enter into the (hop, warehoufe or workhoufe of any perfon or perfons, or company or corporation whatfoever, ufing or exercifing the trade, art or mydery of dying, or into the (hop, warehoufe or workhoufe of any other perfon concerned in the dying of any fuch woollen goods, as a-forefaid, or in the making or fixing fuch marks to the fame as aforefaid, to fearch and examine all or any cloths, bays* duds and other woollen goods dyed or to be dyed black or blue* and if any perfon or perfons '(hall oppofe, hinder or refufe fuch fearch, every fuch offender (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay ten pounds.

Penalties how V. And it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That all of- j to be recover- fences againd this adt, where the penalties or forfeitures (hall I exceed the fum of five pounds, (hall or may be recovered by adtion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Maje-dy’s courts of record at Wejlmnjlfr, wherein no efloin, privilege, protedlion or wager of law (hall be granted or allowed, nor any more than one imparlance; and in cafes where the penalties and forfeitures (hall not exceed the fum of five pounds, the matter of the offence (hall or may be examined, heard and determined by two or more judices of the peace for the county, ; city, town or place where the offence (hall be committed (fuch judices not beingconcemed in the matter of the faid complaint) which examination (hall be upon oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, which ogth fuch judices are hereby im-and how to powered and required to adminider; and all penalties and for-be diftributed. futures which (nail happen by virtue of this a6t, (hall, within the city of London and fuburbs thereof, and within ten miles didance of the fame, go and be, the one moiety to the informer or informers, and the other moiety to the faid company of dyers; and beyond fuch compafs, the whole of fuch penalties and for- » feitures (hall go and be to the informer or informers, and profe-Diftrefs for cutor or profecutors; and in cafe any offender (hall negledt or nonpayment, refufe to pay any of the faid penalties or forfeitures, where the fame (hall not exceed the fum of five pounds, by the fpace of twenty days after the conviftion of fuch offender, that then it (hall and may be lawful to and for the judices of the peace, before whom fuch conviction was had, and fuch judices are hereby required to iffue their warrant or warrants under their'hands and feals to the condable or condables of the ward, prerinA,

parilbt

1716.] Anno decimo tertio Georoii I. c. 25.	411

parifti, town or place where fuch offenders (hall inhabit, or can be found (within the limits of his or their jurifdidtion) to levy the fame by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods, returning the overplus (if any be) to the owner or owners; and where no fufficient diftrefs can be found, to commit the offender and offenders to the houfe of corredtion, there to be kept to hard labour for fuch time as the juftices of the peace, before whom fuch convidtion (hall be had, (hall think fit, not exceeding three months.	.

VI,	Provided, That all profecutions for offences againft this Prowcutioiis adt (hall be commenced within forty days next after the offence ^t<^menc* committed or difcovered, and (hall be profecuted with effedt, and day*. without wilful delay; and if any perfon or perfons (hall find him

pr themfelves aggrieved by the judgment or order of any of the faid juftices of the peace, fuch perfon or perfons may appeal to the juftices of the peace at the next general quarter-ieflions to be 2Jj# CT‘ held for the county, city, town or place where the offence (hall be committed, giving reafonable and fufficient notice of fuch appeal, and the judgment and determination of the jufticesatfuch general quarter-ieflions (hall be final; and they have hereby power, upon fuch appeal, to allow fuch reafonable cofts and charges to either party as they (hall think juft, to be levied and paid in fuch manner, as is ufual in other cafes of appeal from orders of juftices of the peace to the general quarter-feflions.

VII.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That if any adtion or fuit (hall be commenced or profecuted againft any perfon or perfons for any thing he or they (hall do in purfuance of this act, or in the execution of any of the powers thereby granted, all and every perfon and perfons fo fued may plead the

general ifiiie, and give this adt and the fpecial matter in evidence;	iffae,

and if the plaintiffs or profecutors (hall become nonfuited, or forbear profecution, or fuffer difcontinuance, or a verdidt (hall be given againft him or them, or judgment upon demurer, the defendant or defendants (hall recover his and their treble cofts, for which he and they (hall have like remedy as in cafes where cofts by law are given to defendants; and this adt (hall be taken pnd allowed as a publick adt in all courts and places within this kingdom, and all judges, juftices and others, are hereby required to take notice thereof as fuch, without fpecial pleading of the fame.

CAP. XXV.

An aft far tbe free importation of cochineal, during the time therein limited.

WHEREAS cochineal of the growth of tbe Spanifh Weft-

Indies, is of principal ufe in dying cloth, and other the wool- ttnfknd b fen manufactures of this kingdom, offcarlet, purple and other colours, failed grain colours, to the great improvement thereof by which great *oGeo.i.c +7. numbers of bis Mojefly's JubjeCls are employed in finijhing and ter• to 1 June 1734* fitting fuch woollen manufactures; and whereas fuch cochineal, by &c* jf* laws in bfing, cannot be imported bfU from Spain, or the places

‘	‘f

412	Anno	decimo	tertio	Georgii	I.	c.2	6.	£1726.

of its growth, and Britifh flips are mt at prefcnt admitted into the ports of Spain, and the territories thereunto belonging, fo that this kingdom is not likely to be furnifled with a fufficient quantity of cochineal for the necejfary fervice thereof unlefs feme provijion be made for the free importing of the fame, during the interruption of the commerce with Spain, whereby great quantities of cloths, and other woollen manufactures of this kingdom, are like to remain white in the makers and merchants hands, for want of cochineal to dye the fame into grain colours for exportation; and whereas in feveral parts of Europe cochineal is now fold at much cheaper rates than in this king* dom, and it is now ufea abroad in dying foreign manufactures^ alt Cower prices than his Majefly's fubjeCts can dye the manufactures of this kingdom therewith, to the great encouragement of foreign woollen manufactures, the great prejudice of the woollen manufactures of this kingdom, and impoveriflment of many of his Majejly's fubjeCts im-ployed therein: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parlia-After *o May ment aflembfed, and by the authority of the fame. That from 17*7, for fix and after the twentieth day of May one thoufand feven hundred cmTof an<* twcnty feven, during the fpace of fix months, and to the , the next/efli- *nd of the then next femon of parliament, it (hall and may be on of parlia- lawful to and for any perfon or perfons to import and bring co-ment,cochine- chineal into this kingdom, in any (hip or (hips, veflel or veflels poncdfreel”1 ^longing to Great Britain, or to any kingdom or ftate in atnitv ■ ¥	*	with his Majefty, from any port or place whatfoever; any aft

or afts of parliament to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

See a* Geo. s

c. 31.

CAP. XXVI.

An ad for better regulation of the linen and hempen manufactures in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

WHEREAS/^ advancement of > the linen and hempen manufactures in that part rf the united kingdom called Scotland (which are now under great difeouragements) will not only imploy great numbers of poor, but will be a general good to the united kingdom, by adding to the wealth of the realm; and whereas feveral frauds add abufes are daily committed in the faid manufactures, whereby tie growth of flax and hemp within that part of the united kingdom is dife our aged, the credit of the faid manufacture dejlroyed, and the demand for the fame lejfened, for want of proper laws and regulations for that purpofe: to the end therefore that thefe frauds and abufes may for the future be prevented, and that the manufactures may be incouragcd, apd the credit thereof raifed; be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, After 1 Nov *n Prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of t7*7, no bad fame> That from and after the firft day of November wnich lindeed or (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and hempfeed to twenty feven, no perfon or perfons (hall import or caufe to be

K-fiPd *mPorte<* *nto any P01* or P*ace *n ^at Part un*tc<l king-

ana* dom called Scotland,any bad, mixed or damnified lintfeed orhemp-

feed,

4*3

17*6.]. .Anno deeimo tertio GsoRGil I. c.26.

feed, but that from and from and after the faid firft day of November, all lintfeed or hempfecd that (hall be imported into any part of Scotland, of the growth of the Netherlands, RuJTta, Livonia, Poland,

Germany or other places, (hall be fre(h, good and clean, without mixture.

II.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. No damnified That from and after the faid firft day of November no perfon or lintfeed to be perfons (hall vend, fell or expofe to fale, within any port or place f°H,n Scot" -in Stotland, any mixed or damnified lintfeed or hempfeed, or any <^?| ofd^r-^ lintfeed commonly called or known by the name of fhort lint- ent countries* feed; and that no perfon or perfons do prefume to mix or caufe

to be mixed different parcels of lintfeed or hempfeed of different countries or growths together; and that from and after the faid firft day of November every perfon who (hall fell or vend any Seller to give parcel or parcels of lintfeed or hempfeed within any part or place an account of of that part of the united kingdom called Scotland, (hall, toge-thc ther with the faid parcel or parcels, deliver to the buyer, in writing, a particular account of the parcel of lintfeed or hempfeed fold by him, exprefling the quantity thereof, the place from whence the fame was imported, and where it grew, and the year of its growth, to the end if that the feller (hall have been guilty of any fraud, he may be the more eafily convi&ed, and fubjested to the penalties herein after exprefled.

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, pcnaity That from and after the faid firft day of November, all and every felling bad perfon and perfons, who (hall fell or expofe to fale, bad, (hort lintfeed, &c. or damnified lintfeed or hempfeed, or who (hall mix what is left

of the lintfeed or hempfeed of the former year with what is imported in a fubfequent year, or (hall mix different parcels of lintfeed or hempfeed together, or who (hall fell lintfeed or hempfeed of a different growth or age from what he, (he or they have exprefled at the fale, in the account to be given in writing as aforefaid, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this alt,

(hall, upon being efuly convilted thereof in manner hereafter mentioned, for every fuch offence, forfeit the faid lintfeed or hempfeed fo fold or. expofed to fale, or the price thereof, and likewife a fum not exceeding five pounds fterling, nor lefs than fifty (hillings for every hogfhead of lintfeed or hempfeed fo fold or expofed to fale, and fo proportionably for every greater or lefler quantity; and all ana every perfon and perfons who (hall fell or vend any lintfeed or hempfeed by any other meafure than the Linlithgow meafure ftreaked, and the fraltions thereof, (hall forfeit for every fuch offence, the meafure ufed by him, her or them, and a fum not exceeding forty (hillings fterling, to be levied and recovered in manner hereinafter particularly deferibed.

IV.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid, p . -That from and after the faid firft day of November no hemp or ba(j

lint within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, (hall be hemp or lint, deeped or watered in any boghole, peat, mofs or turf-pit; and that no lint or hemp (hall be fteeped or watered for two years fucceffively, in any (landing pool, or in any hole or pit with Handing water, unlefs fuch hole or pit is dug near to the fide of

4*4

Penalty for felling lint or bemp yam irregularly made up.

Magiftrate may deltroy reels other than >ard and an halt* in circumference.

Officers may enter into warehoufet, &c« and feize

Anno decimo terdo GeoRGH I. c. 26.	[1726.

a running river or rivulet, from whence the feid pool, hole or pit may be frequently fupplied with fre(h water; and all and every perfon and perfons, Keeping lint or hemp contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, (hall for every fuch offence, being thereof duly convifted in manner hereafter directed, forfeit fuch lint or hemp, to be levied and recovered in manner herein after mentioned.

V.	And whereas great frauds are frequently committed in the /pinning and reeling of linen yarn, to the great prejudice of the linen manufacture, be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid firft day of November no perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall fell or expofe to fale, or import into Scotlandf or carry or tranfport from any one part of Scotland to another, any linen yarn, other than fuch as is made up into cuts, and helps or hank9, each hefp or hank confiding of twelve cuts, and no more, and each cut containing one hundred and twenty threads, all exactly numbered, and no more; and that all the yarn contained in the faid hefp or hank be lint-yam only, or tow-yam only, and of the fapae colour and finenefs; and that no tow-yarn and lint-yarn be mixed together in oneand the fame hefp or hank, and that the fame be tied up with a piece of packthread, and not yarn; and that the faid yarn be well reeled, and each cut and hefp or hank be feparated, as the fame (hall be reeled, and not afterwards; and that from and after the faid firft day of November the uniform ftandard reel of Scotland (hall be two yards and half, or ninety inches in circumference; and that all and every perfon and perfons who after the faid firft day of November (hall fell pr expofe to fale, or carry or tranfport from, one part in Scotland to another, any lint or hemp yarn, made up in another manner than as aforefaid, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this aft, and (hall be thereof convifted as herein after is mentioned, (hall forfeit the hefp or hank made up of fewer cuts than twelve, or in which any cut (hall be falfly made up, to him, her or them, who (hall inform and profecute the fame with effeft.

VI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any juftice of the peace or magiftrate, within any burrough, or to and for any perfon or perfons lawfully authorized, by warrant under the hand of fuch juftice of peace or magiftrate, to enter into any houfe or houfes, the doors thereof being open, at all times of the day; and if any reel or reels be there found, other thari two yards and an half, or ninety inches in circumference, the fame fiiall and may be carried before fuch juftice of the peace or magiftrate within any burgh; and the faid juftice of the peace or magiftrate (hall and may, and are hereby authorized and required to break, burn and utterly deftroy the fame.

VII.	And be it furthei enafted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid firft day of November it (hall and may be lawful to and for the refpeftive officers herein after named, or any of them, from time to time, and at all times

**

1726*] Anno decimo tertio GeorgIi I. c. 26.	41$

by day, to enter into all and every warehoufes, ftorehoufes, linen yarn rooms, (hops, cellars, vaults and other places made ufe of for ™adc keeping or making any linen yarn, and feize and carry away all	to

fuch linen yarn, as they (hall then and there find mane up contrary to the diredtion herein before mentioned, and detain the fame till it (hall be tried whether fuch yarn was made up according to the diredtions of this adt; and the fame is hereby di-redted to be tried in the fame way and manner, and under the fame penalties as herein after diredted concerning linen cloth feized as made up contrary to the diredtions of this adt; and if Penalty for any perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall let, obftrudt or hinder °Wtrutting any of the faid officers from entring fuch places, or in feizing officcr* and carrying away, fuch linen yam, the perfon or perfons offending lierein (hall for every (uch offence forfeit the fum of five pounds fterlipg, to be recovered as is herein after mentioned.

VIII.	And for the better encouragement and advancement of the trade, art or myftery of weaving and making of linen cloth, agreeable to the diredtions of this adt; be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That from ?nd after the faid No weaver to firft day of November no weaver (hall fet up for himfelf, as ma- fet up before fter weaver, until he give fecurity before one or more juftice or feamtygiven,

{’uflices of the peace, or ma'giftrate or magiftrates, within any mrrough, under fuch penalties as the faid juftice or magiftrate this aftf (hall think fit, that neither he, nor any-perfon or perfons to be employed by him, (hall weave any linen cloth for fale, other-wile than according to the rules and diredtions preferibed by this Penalty for act; and if any perfon or perfons (hall fet up tor him or them- fetting up felves, as matter weavers, without giving fuch fecurity as afore- without fecu-faid, he or they being duly thereof convidted, in manner here- my% in after mentioned, mall forfeit for every webb or piece of linen cloth (fo brought or wove by him or them, or any employed by them) the faid webb, piece or pieces of cloth, or the value thereof, for the benefit of the informer, and (hall further forfeit, the fum of five pounds, to be recovered in manner herein after mentioned.

IX.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Penalty on That from and after the faid firft day of November every weaver weavers work-of linen cloth of any kind, (hall make all the warp of evciy piece of linen cloth, of. equal finenefs, and the woft likewife all of one finenefs, and proportionable to the warp; and that every piece of linen cloth (hall be of equal finenefs and thicks nds throughout the whole piece; and that no part of the fame piece be coarfer or thinner than the other, and that no weaver.

(hall put lint-yarn and tow-yarn in the fame piece; and if any weaver (hall, from and after the faid firft day of November, weave or caufe to be weaved, any piece or webb of linen cloth contrary to the diredtions aforelaid, every fuch weaver being thereof lawfully convidted, in fuch manner as is herein after men-* tioned, (nall forfeit the fecurity by him given as aforefaid, or fo much thereof as the juftice of the peace or magiftrate,

6	within

4i 6

Penalty on weavers not weaving as contracted fqr, or imbe-iiling. .

The ftandard lengths and breadths of linen doth.

Ahno dccimo terrio GeorCii I. c.t6.	[1726.

within any burgh, before whom he (hall be convicted, (hall think fit to modify and direct, and (hall be difabled to carry on his trade as a weaver, until he renew his fecurity in manner before directed.

X.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That if any weaver (hall negleCt to weave any linen yam, delivered to him by any perfon or perfons, into fuch cloth, and within fuch time, and in fuch manner as was contracted and agreed for, or (hall wafte, imbezil or damnify, or fuffer to be wafted, imbeziled or damnified any linen yarn, delivered to him, fuch 1 weaver being thereof convicted in fuch manner as is here after I mentioned, (hall for every fuch offence make good the party's damage, and (hall further forfeit and pay to the perfon aggrieved 1 a fum, not exceeding forty (hillings fterling, nor lefs than five 1 (hillings fterling, to be recovered in fuch manner as is herein ■ after mentioned. •

XI.	And whereas great prejudice arifes to the linen manufaflure, by reafon that the perjons who deal therein, make their cloths of fuch lengths and breadths, for which there is no great demand, either at home or abroad; for preventing thereof, be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid firft day of November all linen cloth of any kind, that (hall be made in Scot-bnd, (hall and is hereby directed to be made and meafured by the ftandard yard-wand, and of the fcveral lengths and breadths following: viz. each piece of plain linen, intended to be whitened, (hall be in breadth, when whitened, full half-yard, or full five eighths, or full three quarters, or full feven eighths, or full yard, or full yard and eighth, or full yard and quarter, or full yard and half; and that all brown or green linen, not intended to be whitened, made after the faid firft day of November, (hall be in breadth full half-yard, or full five eighths, or full three quarters, or full feven eighths, or full yard, or full yard and quarter, or full yard and half; and that each piece of plain linen cloth that is whitened, (hall contain in length, at leaft twelve yards and an half; that all ftriped linen cloth (hall be in breadth full three quarters of a yard, or full feven eighths, or full yard, or full yard and eignth, or full yard and quarter j and all forts of ticking (hall be in breadth full five eighths, or full three quarters, or full feven eighths, or full yard ; and all checks (hall be in breadth full three quarters, or full feven eighths, or full yard, or full yard and eighth; and all chequered handkerchiefs made of linen only, or of linen and CQtton, or of cotton only, (hall be in breadth full half-yard, or full five eighths, or full three quarters, or full feven eighths, and (hall be of the fame length with the breadth, that they may be (quart; and that all ftriped, plain, dropped or fpotted muflrn, when whitened, (hall be in breadth full three quarters, or full feven eighths, or full yard, or full yard and eighth, or full yard and quarter, or full yard and an half; and that all cambricks, when whitened, (hall be in breadth full five eighths, or full three quarters, or fulL feven eighths, or full yard, and (hall not contain



i*]i6?\ Anno dccimo’tcrrio Georgii L c. 26.	4*7

Ms in length, in each piece, than feven yards and an half; and all muflins made for aprons, when whitened, (hall be full yard and eighth in breadth, and the fame in length ; and all muflin handkerchiefs, when whitened, (hall be full three quarters, or full feven eighths in breadth, and the fame in length ; and aH muflin for neckcloths or cravats (hall, when whitened, be in breadth full half-yard, or full five eighths, and in length full three quarters, or full yard and half of made cloth; and all forts of bengals made of cotton and linen (hall be in breadth full five eighths, or full, three quarters, or full feven eighths, or full yard, or full yard and fixteenth, or full yard and eighth, or full yard and quarter 5 and that each piece of broad, double or (ingle dornick dr diaper, made for table-cloths, (hall be full two yards, of full two yards and quarter in breadth; and each piece of double or fmglc dornick or diaper, made for table-napkins or towelling, (hall be in breadth full half-yard, or full five eighths, or full three quarters, or full feven eighths, or full yard ; and that all dyed yarn, that (hall be wrought into any Chequered linen or handkerchiefs, tickings or bengals, (hall be of a fufficient dye that will hold in walhing.

XII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Stamp-mafW That when any perfon or perfons (hall offer any cloth to be infpe&ed and (tamped in manner herein after dirtied, thd ^ breadth* ftamp-mafter or lapper that (hall be appointed for that purpofe, of pieces*

in fuch manner as hereafter is mentioned, (hall, after infpe<5t-ing the cloth, mcafure the fame, and mark upon each end thereof the juft length or number of yards each piece contains, and fhall likcwife mark upon each end of the piece the breadth of fuch piece he (hall find upon meafuring thereof; and if any piece, which (hall be offered to be ftamped as of five eighths of a yard broad * comes (hort of that breadth in any part of fuch piece, that then the faid piece of cloth (hall be marked as of the next lower denomination, videlicet, half-yard, and fo of all the other breadths herein mentioned.

XIII.	And to the intent that every buyer of plain, brown of Weavertorurt Ivhite linen cloth, may the eafier difeovef and judge of the acoarfethread goodnefs, quality and value thereof, and may know the exa<ft through every number of threads in the breadth or warp theredf, be it furthef wp* and enacted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid another

firft day of November every weaver (hall at the end of eVery fuch through every piece of cloth j which he (nail weave or caufe to be wekved, ruri 4° threads of or caufe to be fun, a coirfe coloured thread through every two e2S> ** hundred threads of the warp, of the faid cloth, fd as td di-1 c ftinguilh the number of hundreds of threads iri the breadth of the faid cloth, and alfo another coarfe coloured thread as aforefaid within a quarter of an inch of the former, in like madr» tier through every forty threads of the warp of the faid doth, fo as to diftinguifti the number of biers or fcores of threads in the breadth of the faid cloth; and in cafe any weaver (hall omit to weave or caufe to be weaved, fuch threads as afotefiud, tor (hall fo mark his doth with a coloured thread, as to inakt Vol. XV*	£	t	it

4i8	Anno	decimo tertio Georgii I. c. 26.	[1726.

it appear to contain more threads in the breadth, than it really does, he (hall for every fuch offence, being thereof convicted in manner after mentioned, forfeit a fum not more than five pounds, nor lefs than twenty (hillings, to the ufe of the informer, to be levied and recovered in fuch manner as is herein after mentioned.

XIV.	And whereasfever ad perfons have of late years made ufe of lime, pigeons dung, fope-dregs, or other improper materials for whitening or bleaching of linen cloth, to the great prejudice of fuch cloth, and to the difereait of the linen manufacture; for preventing fuch practices for the future, be it further enaCted* by the au-Penalty for thority aforefaid, That from and after the faid firft day of No-uiing lime, vernier no perfon or perfons (hall make ufe of any lime, pigeons &ctbr bleach’ ^unS or fope-dregs, f°r bleaching or whitening any linen cloth big of linen. or ^ncn }’arn> and (hat all and every perfon and perfons ufing any lime, pigeons dung or fope-dregs, for bleaching or whitening any linen cloth dV linen yarn, (hall, being thereof duly convicted in fuch manner as herein is after mentioned, for every fuch offence, forfeit to the informer the faid linen cloth or linen yarn, fo whitened or bleached with lime, pigeons dung or lope-dregs, and (hall alfo forfeit the fum of five pounds fter-ling to the ufe of the informer j, and in cafe the linen cloth or linen yarn, fo whitened contrary to the directions of this all, (hall not be found, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the juftice of peace or magiftrate within any borough, before whom fuch complaint (hall be made, to fet a further fine upon the offender at his diferetion, not exceeding the fum of five pounds ftcrling, to be raifed and levied, together with the former penalty of five pounds, in fuch manner as herein is after directed, and the offender (hall alfo be, and is hereby made incapable to bleach or whiten any linen cloth or linen yarn, for the fpace of two years after fuch conviction as aforefaid.

Maeirtrates XV. And whereas the improvement of the faid linen manufacture iiuy iummon depends very much upon putting an end to this pernicious practice, iervants of and in preventing the mixing and felling of damnified hemp feed or lint-bleacher?, and	be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That it

^moixh the,n	anc* may ke lawful to and for any one or more of his Ma-

jefty’s juftices of the peace, or any magiftrate or magiftrates within any borough, within their rcfpeCtive jurisdictions, by a writing under his or their hands, to fummon the fervant of any bleacher or dealer in hemp-feed or lintfeed, or any other perfon or perfons whatfoever, to appear before him or them, and upon his or their appearance to examine him or them upon oath (which oath the faid juftice or juftices of the peace, or magiftrate or magiftrates within any borough as aforefaid, is and are hereby impowered to adminifter) what fuch Servants, perfon or perfons, know of his or their matter, or of any other perfon or perfons ufing of lime, pigeons dung or fope-dregs, in the bleaching of linen cloth or linen yarn, during three months immediately preceding fuch examination, or ot their mixing different parcels of hempfeed or lintfeed together, -or of their

uttering,

Anno decimo tertio Georgii I« c. a€.	419

uttering, vending or felling, or expofing or offering to fale, hempfeed or lintfeed as of a different growth, or as imported from a different country from what it really is or was; and in Penalty on cafe fuch fervant, perfon or perfons, being fo fummoned, (hall fcrvant.s not negleft or refufe to appear purfuant to fuch fummons, fuch ju-	m

(lice or juftices of the peace, magiftrate or magiftrates within any borough, may iffue his or their warrants to apprehend or bring before him or them fuch fervant, perfon or perfons; and in cafe he, (he or they, (hall appear and refufe to be examined, or anfwer upon oath to the purpofe aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch juftice and juftices of the peace, or magiftrate or magiftrates within any borough, to commit fuch offender or offenders to the next adjacent gaol or tollbootb, there to remain until he or they fnbmit to be examined as a-forefaid, the perfon defiring or demanding fuch oath to be tendered and adminiftred to fuch fervant or other perfon, firft making oath (if the fame (hall be required) that he or (he believes the perfon whom he or (he defires may be examined upon oath, knoweth and can difeover fome breach of this prefent aft committed, in the matters aforefaid, if fuch fervant or other perfon be obliged to take fueh oath : provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby declared, that fuch fervant or perfon (hall not forfeit or be liable to any puniftunent for any matter or thing relating to the crime which he (hall, upon fuch his examination, difeover.

XVI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Perfons ap-That it (hall and may be lawful to and for all and every perfon

and perfons, appointed by the truftees for improving the hempen bleachyards, and flaxen manufactures herein after mentioned, or by any of &c. to fearch. his Majefty’s juftices of the peace or magiftrates within any borough, by writing under his or their hands to enter into any bleacfiyard, buckhoufe 01; the appurtenances or places thereunto belonging, at any hour of the day, and view and fcarch all places, rooms, reeives and boilers therein, and view the lees, and refufe, and dregs thereof; and in cafe any lime, pigeons dung or fope-dregs, is or has been mixed with fuch lees, that the poffeffors of fuch bleachyard, bleach-houfe or places thereunto belonging, and all and every perfon and perfons working in the faid bleachyard, buckhoufe or places thereunto belonging, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this aft,

(hall incur the feveral penalties by this aft inflifted on perfons that make ufe of lime, pigeons dung or fope-dregs, in bleaching linen cloth or yarn, *to be levied and recovered as thofe penalties are feverally to be levied and recovered.

XVII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Conflablcs That the conftable or conftablcs, who by virtue of any warrant who fliail feize from fuch juftice of the peace, and magiftrate within any borough, clpth bleached (hall feize fuch cloth or yarn, bleached with fuch lime, pigeons tQ^ave^s.C* dung or fope-dregs, or levy the value thereof, or the penalties per pound.' in this aft mentioned, (hall be allowed by the profecutor for his

pains, at and after the rate of two (hillings in the pound, for

E e 2	what

420

Refuting to execute a warrant (ball forfeit 51.

His Majefty may appoint truftees for

Anno/decimo tertio Georgii I. c. 26.	{1716.

what he (hall fo fcize or levy; and if any conftable or conftables negleCt or refufe to execute any fuch warrant of any juftice of peace or magiftrate within any borough, he or they for every fuch offence, being thereof convicted as herein after mentioned, (hall forfeit the fum of five pounds fterling to the profe-cutor; and it (hall and may be lawful to and for the perfon aggrieved to complain thereof to the fame juftice or magiftrate within any borough, or to any other juftice of the peace or magiftrate aforefaid, who is hereby impowered and required to fummon the perfon or perfons concerned before him, and fum-marily to hear and determine the faid complaint, and iffue a warrant tz any conftable or conftables to levy the faid penalty of five pounds fterling, in fuch manner as is nerein after mentioned.

XVIII.	And to the end the feveral orders and regulations, made purfuant to this aCk, for the improvement of the linen ^e^einethe anc* ^emPen manufactures may be effectual, and carried into a linen andT due and regular execution, be it further enaCted by the autho-bempen trad*, rity aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, by letters patents under the great (cal appointed by the treaty of Union to be kept in Scotland in place of the great (eal thereof, to nominate and appoint any number of perfons refident in Scotland, not exceeding the number of twenty one, to be truftces for overfeeing, dire&ing and better improving the faid linen and hempen manufactures, within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, with power to the faid truftees, or any number of them by the faid letters patents to be determined, to aflemble at fuch place or places, and to make fuch rules and orders for the improvement of the faid manufactures, and for preventing abufes therein, as they (hall think expedient, confident with the true intent and meaning of this aCt, and with the laws and ftatutes of the realm.

Truftees may XIX. And for the better promoting the faid manufacture, be appoint per- it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and Tons to lap up may be lawful to and for the faid truftees to licence and appoint cloth for rale. fuch £t anj propei- perfons, in fuch places of Scotland, as they (hall judge moft convenient, to* view, examine, lap up, mark and fiamp all fuch linen cloth, as (hall be expofed to fale, as is herein after mentioned, and from time to time, to direct fuch ftamp or (lamps to be made ufe of, as they f all think proper. Dealers in XX. And be it further enaCted by the u hority aforefaid, cloth to carry That all dealers in linen cloth, before he, (he ..iey, (hall feH it to the tapper or expofe to fale, any linen cloth (if the fa» >e white cloth, to be ltamped. as foon as tjie fame js fu]|y whitened and dued) carry the fame in the waterfold of a yard or half-yard in length, to the phee where fuch lapper or ftamp-mafter, fo to be named and appointed, (hall reildc, there to be infpeCted, marked, lapped up and damped by him, in fuch manner as is herein after directed; '	and if the faid lapper or ftamp-mafter (hall find fuch piece or

pieces of cloth, fo offered to him to be marked, lapped up and damped, to be of an'equal breadth from one end of the piece

to

1726.] Anno decimo tertio GeoRGH I. c. 26.	42	x

to the other, and to be of equal finenefs and thicknefs throughout the whole piece, and to have two coarfe coloured threads wove in the end of the piece, as is before directed, and that the number of threads in the warp agrees with the number marked by the faid two coloured threads, and to be wrought and whitened in all refpe&s purfuant to the rules and orders for regulating the linen manufacture, then, and not othcrwife, fuch perfon and perfons licenfed to be lappers and (lamp-mafters as tapper to af-aforefaid, (hall and may, upon both ends of each piece, affix, a fix a Teal to feal or (lamp with the name of the lapper and county in whichthc c,oth* he refutes, or fuch other impreffion as the faid truftees (hall from time to time think fit to appoint; and (hall likcwife upon each Lapper’* fee* end of the piece mark the breadth of it, and the exad number of yards it contains, and thereafter (hall lap up the fame; for all which fuch lapper or ftamp*mafter (hall and may demand and take, for each forty yards of linen cloth not exceeding ten pence fterling, peryzti. in value, the fum of one peny fterling and no more; and for each forty yards of any linen cloth of any kind, of a higher value, the fum of two pence fterling and no more, and fo in proportion for a greater or lefler quantity; but if he be employed to beetle the fame, then he may demand and take one peny more for each forty yards of cloth fo beetled by him, and fo in proportion for a greater or lefler quantity; and in cafe any difpute (hall arife betwixt the (tamp-mafter and the proprietor of any cloth, offered to be damped, about the value thereof, if the proprietor infift that his cloth is of no higher value than ten pence per yard, and to have it (lamped as of that price, in that cafe it (hall and may be lawful for fuch (lamp-mailer to buy and take the faid cloth himfelf, at the rate of ten pence per yard, and to pay the proprietor for the fame at that rate, other-wife, if the (lamp-mafter refufe to take and pay for the cloth at the rate of ten pence per yard, he (hall be obliged to (lamp the fame as of that value, provided the cloth be made according to the rules and directions before preferibed by this aCl. %

XXI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, No jjnen ^ ^ That no perfon or perfons (hall fell or expofe to fale any fort of fold before it manufaClure made of linen yam, till the fame (hall be brought be brought to to the faid lapper or (lamp-mafter, and by him viewed and in-thc laPPcr* fpeCled; and if fuch lapper or (lamp-mafter (hall find that the fame is made according to the feveral rules and directions in this aCl before mentioned, he (hall meafure, mark, (lamp and lap up the fame as before directed, and that within twenty-four hours at fartheft after the fame (hall be offered to be infpe&ed, marked and (lamped as aforefaid; and if any lapper or (lamp- penalty on mafter, to be licenfed as aforefaid, (hall mark, feal or (lamp any lapper offend* piece or pieces of cloth that is not made according to the feveral rules and directions before mentioned, or (hall mark on the fame a greater number of yards than each piece containeth in length, or (hall mark the fame as of a greater breadth than it really is, or commit any other offence in relation to the pre-mifes, fuch lapper or ftarop-rpafter fo offending, being thereof

E e 3	duly

Penalty for expofing to fale doth not (tamped*

Penalty on the buyer.

Perfons authorized may iearch all warehoufes for doth not (lamped.

Anno dccimo tcrtio Giorgii I. c. 26.	[1726,

duly convided in fuch manner as is herein after mentioned, (hall make good the damages to the party who bought the cloth on the credit of the (lamp, and (hall likewife forfeit the fum of five pounds fterling for every inefficient piece of cloth fo damped or wrong marked as aforefaid, for the ufe of the informer and profecutor, to be levied in fuch manner as is after mentioned, and (hall be difmifled from his office as lapper or ftamp-m^fter, and rendered incapable of ferving in any fuch office for the future.

XXII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

That if any perfon or perfons (hall fell, expofe to (ale or pack up for fale, or in order to be fent or carried by land or water, or enter for exportation by fea any linen cloth, not being damped and marked as aforefaid, fuch perfon or perfons fo offending, being thereof duly convided, as is herein after mentioned, (hall forfeit the fum of five pounds for each piece of cloth fo fold, ex-pofed to fale, or packed up for fale, or in order to be fent or carried by land or water, or entred for exportation as aforefaid; which faid penalty of five pounds (hall be raifed and levied in fuch manner as is after mentioned.	•

XXIII.	And be it alfo further enaded by the authority afore-? faid. That all and every perfon and perfons, who (hall from and after the faid firft day of November buy any linen cloth of the manufadure of Scotland, not being marked and ftatttped as aforefaid, (hall forfeit for every fuch piece of cloth fo bought, the fum of five pounds fterling, to be paid to the informer, and levied in the fame manner as the penalties hereby direded to be levied, upon all and every perfon and perfons felling and expofing to fale any linen clotn not duly marked and (lamped as aforefaid.

XXIV.	And for the more effedual preventing the felling or expofing to fale any linen not duly marked and (lamped, be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawfbl to and for all and every perfon and perfons, duly authorized and impowered by the (aid truftees or any five or more of them, by writing under their hands and feals for that purpofe, or by a warrant under the hand and feal of one or more juftice or juftices of the peace, or of any magiftrate within any borough, to fearch in the day-time all warehoufes, (hops, cellars or other places, where they have reafon to fufped or apprehend there are any piece or pieces of cloth not duly marked and (lamped as aforefaid; and to open any pack or packs where they fufped or apprehend any cloth to be packed up not fluly marked and (lamped as aforefaid; and if any piece or pieces of linen cloth (hall be found not (lamped and marked as aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid perfon or perfons fo fearching to leize and bring the fame before the next juftice of peace, or magiftrate within any borough, who are hereby impowered and required to declare the fame to be forfeited to and for the ufe of the perfon or perfons making fuch feizure, and to impofe a fine or fines upon the pofleflbr* of owners of

423

1726.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii I. c. 26.

the warchoufe, cellar or (hop, where fuch linen (hall be found, or upon the perfon or perfons who packed or caufed to be packed up fuch linen, not exceeding five pounds derling, for the ufe of the informer or informers, to be levied in fuch manner as is herein after mentioned.

XXV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Penalty for That if any perfon or perfons (hall counterfeit any feal or (lamp counterfeiting made in purfuance of this a<5t, he, (he or they fo counterfeitingthc damps, the fame, and being thereof lawfully convi&ed before the court

of judiciary at Edinburgh, or in the circuits, (hall fuffer and incur the fame pains and penalties as perfons by the law of Scot-land convicted of forgery fuffer.

XXVI.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, Penalty for That from and after the faid fird day of November no linen lapping up cloth (hall be made and lapped up for fale when it is wet orcl.oth wet o* damp, nor with any chalk, dud or flour, and that all and every

perfon or perfons who (hall make up or lap up linen cloth for fale, when it is wet or damp, or (hall make up any linen cloth with any chalk, dud or flour, (hall, being thereof convidted in fuch manner as is herein after mentioned, forfeit every fuch piece of cloth for the benefit of the informer.	„

XXVII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Lapper to de-That when any piece of linen cloth or any fort of manufacture tain cloth not made of linen yarn, (hall be brought to any lapper or damp- merchantable, mafier fo licenfed as aforefaid, in order to be infpedted and

damped as aforefaid, and if fuch lapper or Aamp-mader.(hall be of opinion and think the fame is not fufiicient merchantable cloth, and made according to the rules before preferibed, in that cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for every fuch lapper and ftamp-mader to detain the fame, till fuch time as it may be tried and determined how far the fame is proper to be marked and damped; and that every fuch dapper and flamp-mader (hall be obliged, and is hereby required and directed, upon requeft made to him by the owner or owners of the faid doth, within ' twenty-four hours at farthed, after fuch cloth (hall be fo feized and detained, to apply to one or more judice or judices of the peace, or to any magidrate within any borough within their refpedive jurifdidions; and that fuch juftice or judices of the peace, or magidrate (hall, and he and they are hereby diredled and impowered forthwith to diredt two or more fit and proper perfons converfant and (killed in fuch manufacture, to infpedt Two fit per-and view the cloth fo feized and detained, and upon oath, which f£n?to report oath the faid judice or judices of the peace or magidrates ^s J!^P,^ons aforefaid, is and are hereby impowered and required to ad-^h, minider, to report their opinion of the faid cloth ; and if fuch perfons fo appointed (hall, upon oath to be adminiflred as aforefaid, report to fuch judice or judices of the peace or magidrates as aforefaid, that the faid cloth is not fufiicient merchantable cloth, nor made according to the laws for regulating the fam% the faid cloth (hall be adjudged forfeited, and cut into feveral pieces, as is herein after mentioned, and delivered to the damp*

te4	matter

'4*4

Maciftrateft condemning doth to be forfeited, to order it to be cut.

Truftees to give names to doth of different forts.

Trader may weave his name on the doth,

Penalty for counterfeiting another's jnatk.

How offences againlt this a‘t (hall be

heard*

Anno decioio tertio Gborgii I. c. 25.	[1726.

matter or tapper for his own ufe, and the owner or owners thereof (hall forfeit and incur the penalties in and by this ad before laid and iropofed upon fuch perfons, as (hall make cloth contrary to the rules herein before preferibed ; but if the (aid perfons fo to be named as aforefaid (hall report that the cloth is duly and regularly made as it ought to be, then and in fuch cafe the faid tapper or (lamp-matter (hall he obliged and is hereby required forthwith to mark, (lamp and lap up the fame in fuch manner as is herein before dire&ed, and that without taking any fee, gratuity or reward for fo doing; any thing in this or any former a61 of parliament to the contrary notwith* (landing.

XXVIII.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That when any juttice or juftices of the peace, ma^iftrate or magittrates within any borough, (hall condemn or adjudge any linen cloth, brought before him or them, to be forfeited, for not being made according to the law in that cafe made and provided, fuch juttice or juftices, magi (Irate or magittrates, before he or they (hall deliver the fame to the informer, (hall and may order and caufe fuch cloth to be cut and fevered into feveral parts and pieces, and that none of the faid parts or pieces do exceed fix yards in length.

XXIX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may he lawful for the faid truttees fo to be I appointed as aforefaid, or any five or more of them, to give fuch particular names or denominations as they (hall think proper, to the feveral pieces of cloth of different forts, breadths and lengths, fo as that they may by fuch names be eafily diftingui(h-r ed of what fort, length and breadth they are $ and it (hall and may be lawful to all and every perfon and perfons felling or exposing any linen cloth to fale, to affix a label of parchment to each piece of cloth, containing the name of the particular fpecies of the cloth, with the length and breadth thereof.

XXX.	Provided always, and be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for every trader, dealer and weaver of linen manufacture, to weave his name, or fix fome known mark, in any piece of linen manufacture by him made, if he (hall fo think fit; and if any other j perfon or perfons (hall counterfeit fuch mark or name, being I thereof lawfully convicted upon the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles before any two or more juftices of the peace, or magittrates within any borough, he (hall forfeit the fum of I one hundred pounds, for the ufe of the perfon, whofe mark (hall be fo counterfeited, to be railed, levied and paid in fuch manner as is herein after mentioned.

XXXI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That all offences againft this aCt (except the counterfeiting the (lamps or the marks of the private dealers or weavers) (hall be livard and determined by any one or more juttice or juttices of the peace or any magiftrate or magittrates within any borough, within their refpeClive jurifdiClions, who upon coqaplqint tq

1726.] Anno derimo tertio Georgii I, c»*6i	4*5

him or them made (hall, upon examination of witneffes upon oath, which oath they are refpedively hereby impowered to ad-xninifter, adjudge and determine the fame, and iflue his or their warrant or warrants to any one or more of the conftables or officers; of the faid county, city, borough or town, requiring and impowering him or them to poynd and diftrenzie according tp the pra&ice of the law of Scotland in cafes of poynding, fo much of the offender’s goods and gear, as will fatisfy the feveral penalties incurred and forfeited, which warrant for poynding (hall	*

not be (lopped or lifted by any fufpenfion, lift or other procefs whatfoever, except an appeal entred in manner after mentioned ; which faid penalty and penalties, when fo levied as aforefaid, (hall belong and be paid to the informer, Hrft deducing out of the faid penalties the fum of two (hillings in the pound, to be paid to the conftable or officer for executing fuch warrant ; and in cafe no fufficient diftrefs can be found, that then and in every fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fueh juftice and juftices of the peace, magiftrate or magiftrates within any borough, by warrant under his or their hands and Jeals, to commit tuch offender or offenders to the houfe of correction, or next gaol or tollbooth, for fo long time as fuch juftice or juftices of the peace, or magiftrate or magiftrates (hall think proper, not exceeding one year in the whole.

XXXII.	Provided always, ana be it further enabled by the Appeal to authority aforefaid, That it any perfon or perfons (hall find him, quarter-feft-her or themfelves aggrieved by the fentence or determination on*

of fuch juftice or juftices of the peace, magiftrate or magiftrates, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch perfon and perfons fo aggrieved, immediately after fentence is pronounced againft him, her or them, to enter his, her or their appeal in prefence of the (aid juftice or juftices of the peace, magiftrate or magiftrates, from the faid fentence, to the determination of the juftices of the peace of the faid county or borough, at their next general quarter-feffions, that (hall be held for the faid county or borough, of which appeal the faid juftice or juftices, magiftrate or magiftrates, are hereby appointed to make a minute, and by war-* rant under his or their hands to flop execution of the fentence fo appealed from, until the end of the next quarter-feffions as aforefaid; and the faid juftices of the peace at their quarter-feffions are hereby impowered and required to proceed upon, and to hear and finally to determine in the faid appeal, and if they give judgment againft the appellant, to decree him to pay the full cofts of the appeal, and further to pay a fine not exceeding double the penalty for which the original fentence was given.

XXXIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore- Penaltyonm*-faid. That if any juftice or juftices of the peace, or magiftrate gl^trathe or magiftrates within any borough, (hall negledl or rerufe to ^rers or this execute the powers and authorities of this a6t, or (hall not put a6k.

the fame in execution, according to the true intent and mean- See 10 Ann. ing thereof (to the difeouragement of the linen manufacture) c* V* -jfyeh negledl or refufal, or malverfation (hall be, and be taken £*»€>?” a ***

to s+GeQ.

Claufe relating to copper bars exported, continued for )+ years, &c.

9 Sc 10W. 3. c. 16.

xs Ann. ftat'i. c. 18.

i5Geo.i.c.35' »6Geo.». c.32.

Bankrupts aft continued for one year, &c. 5 Geo. 1. c.24.

EXP.

uGeo.i.c.29.

.Anno decimo tertio Georgii I. c. 27:	[1726.

to be a point of dittay, and it (hall and may be lawful to and for the perfon or perfons aggrieved thereby, with the approbation of the truftees to be appointed by his Majefty as atorefaid, or any five or more of them, to be fignified in a certificate under their hands, to profecute the faid juftice or juftices of the peace, magiftrate or magiftrates, before the lords of the judiciary at Edinburgh, or in their circuits, for the diftrift: within which the offence was committed5 and if the faid juftice or juftices of peace, or magiftrate or magiftrates (hall be thereupon convifted of fuch offence, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid lords of judiciary at Edinburgh, or in their circuits, to fet a fine on fuch offending juftice or juftices of the peace, or magiftrate or magiftrates, not exceeding one hundred pounds fterling.

CAP. XXVII.

An aft for continuing the laws therein mentioned, relating to copper bars exported 3 and for better preventing frauds committed by bankrupts; and for fearching drugs and com-pojitions for medicines.

WHEREAS the laws herein after mentioned {which have by experience been found ufeful and beneficial) are near expiring, may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted, and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the claufe contained in an a<51 made in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of the late King William the Third, intituled, An aft to fettle the trade to Africa, for allowing during a limited time, a drawback of the duties upon the exportation of copper bars imported, and which claufe (after expiration thereof) was by an aft of the twelfth year of her late Majefty’s reign revived and continued for fourteen years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; and alfo the provifo in the faid laft aft contained, being in the words following, that is to fay, provided neverthelefi, and be it enafted, That no drawback /hall be allowed on the exportation of any copper, but fuck as hath been% or /hall be imported from the Eaft-Indies, and the coafi of Barbary Dnly> fhall be and are hereby continued, from the expiration thereof, for and during the fpace of fourteen years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament.

II. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That an aft made in the fifth year of his Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft for the better preventing frauds committed by bankrupts, which aft was to continue in force for feven years, from the twenty-fixth day of May one thoufand feven hundred and fix-teen, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, and which by another aft made in the eleventhyear of his Majefty’s reign was continued for one year, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, (hall be and is hereby continued from the expiration thereof, for and

during

4*7

1726.] Anno decimo tertlo Georgii I. c. 28#

during the fpace of one year, and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion of parliament.

III. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, A&forfearch-That an aft made in the tenth year of his Majefty’s reign, in-tituled, An ad for the better viewings [earthing and examining allthreeyears, drugs, medicines, waters, oils, compofitions ufed or to be ufed for &c.	*

medicines, in all places where the fame [ball be expcfied to fale, or kept ioGco.i.c.i* for that purpofe, within the city ^London, and fuburbs thereof & within feven miles circuit of the jaid city, which was to be in force for three years, and from thence to the end of the then next fedion of parliament, (hall be and is hereby continued from the expiration thereof, for and during the fpace of three years, and from thence to the end of the then next feifion of parliatnent*

CAP. XXVIII. din ad for [ale of fucb of the forfeited eftates in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, as remain unfold, and are vefted in the crown •, and for determining fuch claims on the [aid eftates, as having been duly entered remain undetermined.

WHEREAS by an aft pajfed in the firft year of his Majefty's iGeo.j*4atf# reign, intituled, An aft for appointing commiilioners to c* 5°* enquire Of the eftates of certain traitors, and of popifh recufants, and of eftates given to fuperftitious ufes, in order to raife money out of them feverallv, for the ufe of the publick, all and every the caftles, honours, lordjbips, manors, mejjuagcs, lands, tenements, and all other eflate real and perfonal whatfoever within Great Britain or Ireland or elfewhere, whereof any perfon or perfons, who ft nee the twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and fifteen bad been attainted, or before the twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and eighteen Jhould be attainted by any of the laws or ftatutes of this realm, for high treafon committed before the firji day of June one thoufand [even hundred and fixteen, within Great Britain or elfewhere, was, were, or Jhould have been feifed or pojfeffid of, or ititercfted in, or entitled unto, on the twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and fifteen, or at any time . afterwards, in his, her or their own right, were veiled in his Ma-jefty, for the ufe of the publick; and to the intent that the fame, and the rents and profits thereof, might be known and difpofed of for the ufe of the publick, and that the Jeveral debts and incumbrances affecting the fame might be difcovered and made good to the lawful creditors and claimants, certain commiffioners in the ad named were appointed fo enquire of the eftates f§ vejled in his Majcfty, and to receive the claims of all perfons who, within a time limited by the faid ad, Jhould exhibit their claim to any debt, incumbrance or intereft whatj'oever affeding the premijfes: and whereas by another ad pajfed in the fourth year of bis Majefty's reign, intituled. An aft for vetting the 4Geo.i*c. s, forfeited eftates in Great Britain and Ireland in truftecs, to be fold for the ufe of the publick, and for giving relief to lawful Creditors, by determining claims; and tor the more effeftual

bringing

42S	Anno	dedmo tertio Georgii I; c.28.	[1726.

bringing into the refpe&ive exchequer, the rents and profits of the laid eftates till fold; all and every the jfid cafiles, honours, krdjbips, manors mejfuages, lands, tenements and other eftate red and perfonal whatfoever, which by the aforefatd aft flood vejled in bis Majejly, were vejled in the commiffioners and truftees named in the find aft, and the Jaid commijjioners and truftees were impowered and required, to fell and difpofe of the fame for the ufe of the publick, in the idanner and by the rules in the Jaid aft particularly defcribed; and the faid comrnijjumers and truftees were further impowered and re-quired to hear and determine all claims lawfully entred with them, on, out of or concerning any of the forfeited eftates fo vejled in them; and the judgments and determinations by them to be given on fuch claims were to be final, unlefs an appeal Jhould be entred with the faid commiffioners and truftees againft fuch judgment or determination, within twenty days after the making thereof; in which cafe the faid commijjioners and truftees were required to tranfmit the Jaid appeal to a court of delegates, whom by the faid aft his Majejly was impowered to authorize and appoint for hearing and determining all appeals made from the judgments of the faid commiffioners and truftees, in the manner and by the rules particularly mentioned in the faid aft:

§Qpo.t. q.l5, and whereas by a claufe in an aft paffed in the ninth year of his Ma-jefty's reign, for continuing the duties for the encouragement of the coinage of monies, and other purpofes therein mentioned, the powers and duthorities for hearing and determining of the claims on the for-sGeo.i.c. ss. feited eftates, which by two afts of parliament paffed in the fifth and jGco.i. fatA'fnjenth years ff his Majefly's reign, were continued to the twenty-fourth day of June one thoufandfcven hundred and twenty-two, and from thence to the end of the next feffton of parliament, with refpeft to the commijjioners and truftees afting in Scotland, were enlarged and continued to the twenty ftxth day of March one thoufand fcven hundred and twenty-four; and the powers granted to his Majejly for appointing courts of delegates to determine claims and cafes of appeals from the faid commiffioners and truftees, and refpefting fuch court of delegates in Scotland only, were enlarged and continued to the twenty-ninth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and twenty-four : and whereas by another claufe in the faid aft loft mentioned it is declared that the forfeited eftates in Scotland, by any former aft or afts of parliament vejled in the faid commiffioners and truftees, which on the twenty-fixth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty-four Jhould remain unfold, Jhall be thereby divefted out of the faid j ,	commiffioners	and	truftees,	and	vefted in the King's majejly, his heirs

and fucceffors, for the ufe of the publick; and whereas on the faid j twenty ftxth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty-four certain of the faid forfeited eftates remained unfold, which are now revefted in his Majejly for the ufe of the publick, and certain appeals taken againft the judgments and determinations of the faid commijjioners and truftees remaining undecided, the term limited for the decifion of the court of delegates having expired before they could regularly hear and determine thofe appeals, be it therefore ena&cd by the King’s tnoft excellent majefty, by and with the advice j find confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, j

iQ

1726.] Anno detitno tertio GeoRGH I. C. 29.	• 429

in this prefcnt parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the

fame, That the barons of his Majefty’s court of exchequer in Baron* of ex-

Scotland, or any three of them, (hall and are hereby impowered scoSa^dtofell

and required to expofe to fale, and to fell to the higheft bidder, thc forfeited

the faid forfeited eftates, and every part of them, in the fame eftates there,

manner, and according to the fame rules that the faid com- under the

miffioners and truftees were to aft under, and to apply the rents

and profits of the faid eftates till fold, and the produce of them fionersweit to

when fold, in the fame manner that the faid commiflioners and aft.

truftees were obliged and direfted to apply the fame; and to do

every other matter and thing in refpeft to the fale of the faid

eftates, and the appointing receivers or Rewards on fuch eftafes

till fold, in fuch manner and form, and according to fuch rules,

as the faid commiflioners and truftees were impowered to do.

Barons to call before them porchafers who have not paid the full price.

Penalty on purchafer not paying. Barons to execute indentures of bargain and fale, See. His Majefty may appoint a court of delegates to hear * appeals. All books, See. lodged with the commiflioners, to be delivered into the court of exchequer in Scotland, and the books of the former dele-

fates to the new ones. Claim determined by the delegates for money, to e paid out of the forfeited eftates in the firft place. The eftates fubjeft to the teu duties to the crown. The net money to be applied as by aft of parliament is direfted. Company of York-Buildings not to be prejudiced.

Tenants of tiie late earl of Seaforth acquitted from all rents from 24. Juno j715. till 15 May 1725. EXP.

CAP. XXIX.

An aS fer allowing further time to perfons on board the fleet, or beyond the feas in bis Majeftfs fervice, to qualify them-felves for the legal enjoyment of offices and employments, and for indemnifying fuch perfons as have omitted to qualify tbemfelves within the time limited for that purpoje, and for the better afeevtaining fuch time.

WHEREAS divers of bis Majeftfs faithful fubjefts now are and may hereafter be on board the fleet, and in feveral countries and places beyond the feas in the fervice of his Mjefly, his heirs or fucceffors, at fuch times as it may pleafe his Majefly, his heirs or fucceffors, out of his or their royal grace and benevolence, to reward the fervices of fuch his fubjefts with offices, places and preferments, in confequence of which Juch officers or perfons fo preferred will, accord-ing to the laws now in being, be obliged to receive the facrament, and take and fubferibe the oaths, and make and fubferibe the declaration direfted by the laws now in force to be received, taken, made and fubferibed, within the refpeft we times limited for that purpofe\ the receiving, taking, making and fubferibing whereof \ within fuch times may, by reafon of the great diflance of Juch perfons from the kingdom of Great Britain, be imprafticable; and whereas divers others of bis Majeftfs fubjefts zealoujly affefted to his perfon and government, and the proteftant fucceffion in his royal houfe, have through ignorance of the law, or unavoidable accidents, been prevented from receiving trt facrament, and taking the faid oaths, and making and fubferibing the /aid declaration within the times limited for that purpofe, and by

mean*

z

43° •

Further time allowed for perfons on (>oard the fleet, or beyond lea. ftcCar.*. c.i. iGeo.i.c. 13.

So as they quality them-Ielves in three calendar months after thtii return.

By three

in >nths is to be umleritood three kalendar months.

Skin. 314.

Anno decimo terrio Georgxi I. c. 29.'	[1726.

means thereof are in danger of incurring divers penalties and difabili-ties; now tor the making due proviiions, that fuch of his Ma-jefty’s fubjeds, as are or (hall he on board the fleet, or beyond the Teas in the fervice of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, may not incur the penalties aforefaid, by reafon of their continuance in fuch fervice, and for quieting the minds of others his Majefty's faithful fubjeds, and preventing any inconveniences that might otherwise happen by means of fuch omiflions, be it enaded by the King's mod excellent majeftv, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual ana temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That nothing contained in one ad of

fiarliatnent, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of hi9 ate Majefty King Charles the Second, intituled. An ait for preventing dangers which may happen from popijb recufants9 nor in one other ad made in trie firft year of his prefent Majefty’s reign,

' intituled, An ail for the further fecurity of his Majefty* s perfon and government, and the fuccejjion of the crown in the heirs of the late princefs Sophia, being protejlants, and for extinguijhing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and his open atidfeeret abettors, ihall extend or be conftrued to extend to any perfon or perfons, who upon the feventeenth day of January in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty-fix, or at any time after, was, wverc or (hall be on board the fleet of his Majefty, his heirs or fuccefTors, or in his or their fervice beyond the Teas at fuch time or times, as any office or offices, place or places, preferment or preferments, employment or employments, pay, falaty, fee or wages, was, were or (hall be granted, given or conferred to or upon him or them, and who by virtue of the faid ads, or either of them, ought to receive the facrament, or take the faid oaths in the laft mentioned ad contained, and make and fubferibe the declaration therein mentioned, in re-fped of any fuch office, place, preferment, employment, pay, falary, fee or wages fo granted, given or conferred, or to be granted, given or conferred as aforefaid, fo as fuch perfon or perfons do, within three calendar months next after his or their return into Great Britain, receive the faid facrament, take and fubferibe the faid oaths, and make and fubferibe the laid declaration refpediyely, as the cafe (hall require, in fuch manner and form, and in fuch place and places, as in and by the before mentioned ads refpedivcly is direded and appointed.

All perfons heretofore on board the fleet, or beyond fta, indemnified. They.are to receive the facraine.it before the lalt day of Michaelmas term J727. E X P.

IV* And it is hereby declared and enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the fpace of three months, in and by the faid ads herein before particularly mentioned, or either of them, or any other ad or ads of parliament, limited for receiving the faid facrament, taking and fubferibing the (aid oaths, or making and fubferibing the faid declaration, was meant and intended, and (hall be conftrued, deemed and taken to be three kalendar

months.

43*

17*6-] Anno decimo tertio GeorgiI I. C.30.

months, and that the fame ought at all times to have been fo conftrued, deemed and taken.

V.	Provided always. That this ad, or any thing herein con- Not toreftore tained, (hall not extend or be conftrued to extend, to reftore or

intitle any perfon or perfons to any office, imployment, benefice, ed, ya matter or thine whatsoever, already actually avoided by judgment of any of his Majefty’s courts of record, or alreaay filled up or enjoyed by another perfon, but that fuch office, imployment, benefice, matter or thing fo avoided or filled up, or enjoyed as aforefaid, Shall be and remain in and unto the perfon or perfons who is or are now intitled by law to the fame, as if this ad had never been made.

VI.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enaded by the Officeri1 not

authority aforefaid. That in cafe it (hall happen that any fuch	.

officer or perfon now or hereafter being on board the fleet, or SeSmeT*m in the fervice of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, beyond the limited, liable feas as aforefaid, or in cafe any of his Majefty’s fubjeds, who to di&biiities, have omitted to receive the facrament, and take and fubfcribe &c*

the oaths, and. make and fubfcribe the declaration, as by the faid ads they ought to have done (except all fuch perfons who at any time heretofore were on board the fleet of his Majefty, or ot any of his predecefiors, or in his or their fervice beyond the feas, at the time any office, imployment, pay or falary was granted to them, and who, within three kalendar months after their return into Great Britain, did receive the faid facrament, take and fubfcribe the faid oaths, and make and fubfcribe the faid declaration refpedively as aforefaid) (hall make default in fo doing, within the times, and according to the diredions in and by this ad limited and appointed, then every fuch perfon fo making default (hall be liable unto and incur all fuch dif-abilities, incapacities, forfeitures and penalties, as in and by the faid recited ads or either of them are refpedively provided and infiided for not receiving the facrament, or not taking and fub-feribing the faid oaths, or not making and fubferibing the laid declaration.

VII.	And in cafe of executing any fuch office, place or im- Executing any

ployment after fuch default, every fuch perfon and perfons being office after de-thereof lawfully convided in fuch manner as by the faid ad	to

made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Car.a.c.a.Sand Second, or the faid ad made in the firft year of his Majefty’s iGeo.i.Y.13. reign is refpedively direded, (hall be liable unto, and incur all

fuch difabilities, incapacities, forfeitures and penalties, as in and by the faid refpedive ads are in the like cafe provided and infiided.

CAP. XXX. j4n ail for encouraging and promoting fijheries, and other ma~ nufaSlures and improvements in that part ^ Great Britain called Scotland.

WHERE A S by the fifteenth article of the treaty of union it is provided^ that two thoufand pounds per annum, for the

r<hAtm

5 Geo. t.

i* Geo.

AHno decimo tertio GEokGli I. <?.go.‘	f i?26t

^ Jrtwi	applied towards encouraging and pro-

moting the manufacture of coarfc wool within thofejbires ^Scotland, tt/feVA produce the wool$ and that the firjl two thoufand pounds Jhould be paid at Martinfriafs then next, and Jo yearly at Martinmafs, during the time aforefaid: and whereas by an aft paffed in the fifth year ,c. »o. of his Maiefiy's reign, intituled, An aft for fettling certain yearly funds, payable out of the revenue of Scotland, to fatisfy publick debts in Scotland, and other ufes mentioned in the treaty of union; and to difchargc the equivalent claimed in behalf of Scotland, in the terms of the fame treaty, and for obviating all future difputes, charges and expences* concerning thofe equivalents, it is amongf other things provided, That yearly and every year, recloning the firjl year to begin from the feafi of the nativity of St. John Baptift one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen, the full fum of two thoufand pounds oj lawful money of Great Britain Jhouli be one yearly fund, payable at the four mojl ufual feajls of the year, thdt is to fay, the feajl of St. Michael the archangel, the birth of our Lord Cbrijl, the annunciation of the blejfed Virgin Mary, andthe feajl of the nativity of St. John Baptift, the firjl payment thereof to be due and payable at the feajl of St. Michael the archangel in the year one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen, to be charged upon and paid out of the monies arifen and to arife, front time to time, of or for any of the cufioms, duties, excifes or revenues that are or fl>all be under the management of the commiffioners of the cufioms, and commijfioners of the excife in Scotland, after the pijymcnts therein directed to be made, andfubjefl to redemption by parliament, upon payment of the full fun! of forty thoufand pounds, and of all arrears of the faii annuity, if any fuih be, in fuch manner as is more particularly mentioned in tbe fata all, to be wholly applied tozvards the encouraging and promoting the fijheries, and fuch other manufactures aud improvements in Scotland, as may mfi conduce to the genet al good of the united kingdom, according to the'tenor and true meaning of the [aid fifteenth article of the find treaty of union, and to no other ufe, intent or picrpofe what-foever; which JaiJ annuity hath not hitherto been paid or applied to the purpofes for which the fame was intended: and whereas by an i c.4. afl pajjfed in the twelfth year of his Majefifs reign, intituled. An a<ft for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and peny, m that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty fix, it is among/! other things provided. That if the rate of three pence per bujhcl, charged upon malt to be made in Scotland, Jhould produce a greater fuM than the fum of twenty thoufand pounds, clear of all charges of management, the Jurphifage fo produced, over and above the Taid Jitmof twenty thoufand pounds, jhould be wholly applied towards the encouraging and promoting the fijheries, and fuch other manufactures and improvements in Scotland, as may moft conduce to the general good of the united kingdom, and to no other ufe, intent or purpofe what foever, in fuch manner as Jhould thereafter be fettled and dire fled by parlid* ment: to the end therefore that thefe fevcral funds and fums of

money

1726.] Anno decimo tertio Georgii I. c. 30.	433

money, and any other fund or fum of money, that may arife, grow due, or be provided and become payable for the advancement and improvement of fitheries and manufactures in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, may be regularly applied for the faid purpofes; be it enaCied by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it (hall and Crown, by let-may be lawful to and for his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, teiJ patents, by letters patents under the great (eal appointed by the treaty thod and di-~ of union to be kept in Scotland in place of the great feal thereof, ^ ’rules for to lay down, fettle and eftablifti a particular plan or method, the fundspro-and to fix and direCt proper rules and regulations, whereby the vidediov im-feveral funds and fumsof money aforefaid, already provided and fi^i^Scot-grown due, or which hereafter (hall be provided and grown Und. due, for the improvement and encouragement of fi(hery and manufactures in that part of Gnat Britain called Scotland, (hall be wholly applied, laid out and diftributed, according to the tenor and true meaning of the faid fifteenth article of the treaty of union, and for the improvement of fifheries, and fuch other manufactures in Scotland as may mod conduce to the general good of the united kingdom, ana to no other ufe, intent or pur-pofe whatfoever; which plan and method Of diftribution (hall continue and endure, and be a full authority for applying the monies in the manner therein to be directed, till the fame (hall be altered or varied in the manner herein'after ex prefled.

II.	And be it further enaCtcd by the authority aforefaid. That Crown to suit (hall and may be lawful to and for his Majefty, his heirs and thorize com-fucceflors, by letters patents under the feal aforefaid, to appoint, miflioners for name and authorize any number of perfons reliant in that part

of Great Britain called Scotland, not exceeding the number ofth<Frefunds.° twenty one, to be truftees and commifiioners for managing and directing the application of the faid furns, according to the plan or method that (hall be fettled and eftablifhed as aforefaid, and for executing the feveral powers and authorities which by the faid letters patents (hall to them be committed by his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors^

III.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. Receiver ge-That it (hall and may be lawful to and for his Majefty, his heirs

and fucceflors, to appoint the receiver general of the crown cafhier. rents and cafualties in Scotland to be the cafhier for the faid commifiioners and truftees, for receiving the feveral fums of money generally and particularly above mentioned, and for. paying out the fame to and by the order of the faid commif-fioners and truftees, for the purpofes and according to the particular regulations that (hall be eftabli(hed by his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, in the faid letters patents.

IV.	And it is hereby further enaCted, That the commifli- Treafury to oners of his Majefty’s treafury now being, and the lord high order pay-treafurer of Great Britain, and the commifiioners of the trea- ment of fur^r of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, for the time being,

CommifKon. ers to audit yearly at

434	Anno decimo tertio GcoROIl I. C. 31.	[1726.

the fifhery, to (hall, and they are refpeAively hereby impow^red and required the cafhier to iflue their warrants and orders to the proper pcrfons, for without fee. mafcing payment of all and every the fums of money particularly and generally above mentioned, due and payable, or that mail fall due and become payable hereafter, for encouraging and promoting fiflieries and manufadures in Scotland, as the 5Geo. i.c.so* fame (hall feverally become due, according to the direction of xi Geo. 1. c 4. the alts above mentioned, to the faid receiver general of the crown rents and cafuaities in Scotland, without fee or reward, to be by him anfwered and iflued in like manner, without fee or reward, to and by the order of the faid commiflioners and truftees, purfuant to fuch directions as (hall be given in that behalf by the faid letters patents.

V.	Provided always, That the faid commiflioners and truftees (hall, annually and each year, at the feaft of the nativity of our Lord Chrift, make up a faithful and exalt account of the

Chriitmasj&c. monies received and iflued by their orders, together with a full and true report of the (late of the funds committed to and under their management, and of their proceedings in the execution of their truft, which they (hall, within the fpace of thirty days, lay before his Majelty, his heirs or fucceflors; and Sdfo (hall, within the like fpace of thirty days, lay true copies of the faid accounts and report before tne annual committee of the convention of the royal burroughs of Scotland* that they may perufe and examine tne fame, and lay before his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, from time to time, fuch observations as they (hall make thereon.

VI.	And whereas experience may difcover divers improvements fit to be made upm the plan or method to be fettled and efiablijbed by bis Majejly asjtforefaid 5 be it therefore enaCted by the authority a-foreiaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiflioners and truftees, annually and each year, at the faid

lav before his feaft of the nativity of our Lord Chrift, to propofe and lay be-Majclty ake- fore his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, luch alterations and improvinthe Editions as t0 t^em fhall ^ccm neceflary or expedient, for im-fiihery. * proving or amending the plan or method for the time being e-ftablifticd for encouraging the faid fiftieries and manufactures; and if the faid alterations or additions (hall feem neceflary or expedient to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, it (hall and may be lawful to and for his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, by letters patents under the feal afbrefaid, to alter the plan or method for the time being, and to fettle and eftablifti a new one, upon the reprefentation of the commiflioners and truftees as a-bove mentioned, which (hall continue and endure, and be in force until it (hall be altered or varied by his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, upon the reprefentation of the faid commiflioners and truftees in manner above mentioned.

Commrflion-ers yearly at Chriitmas to

CAP. XXXI.

An alt for repairing the road from Cranford bridge in the county of MW-dlefex, to that end of Maidenhead bridge which lies in the county of Busks.	The

1726.3 Anno ckdmo tcrtio Georgii I. c. 32, 33.

The toll took piece x June 17*7, and is to have continuance for at years. Continued by 17 Geo. a. c. 19,

CAP. XXXII.

An afl for the more effe&ual amending the highway leading from Roy-fton in the county of Hertford, to Wandsford bridge in the county of Huntingdon.

I'he toll took place the 14th of June 1727, and it to continue for 11 yean* Continued ty 14 Geo. a. c. 13. and24 Geo. i. c. 59.

CAP. XXXIII. c£l fir improving the navigation of the river Ouze in the county 0/York.

WHEREAS the antient city of York hath been and is yet conftderable for its trade both at home and abroad, and as well the faid city and county of the fame city9 as the country adjoining up~ on or near unto the river Ouze in the county jfYork, bath been, much relieved, maintained and fupported by the faid river, which of late years in divers places hath been filled, choaked and flopped up with finds and other obflru&ionSy that Jhips9 pinks, keels, boats9 lighters and other veffels cannot * without great hazard and difficulty9 come up to the faid city as in times pafly which is not only detrimental to trade and the publick goody and prejudicial to the fold city9 but to all traders tberetoy and to the owners and occupiers near thereunto9 and will be yet more injurious to them9 if fome fptedy remedy or courfe be not taken and provided for repairing) emending and making the faid river more navigable and pafjable: tot remedy whereof, and to the intent that the faid river, as well for the good of the publick in general* and of the inhabitants of the faid city, as alfo of fuch as (hall trade and pafs thither and from thence With merchandizes, may be effectually repaired, amended, maintained and improved ; be it enaded, £sTr.

Truftees appointed for making navigable the river Ou£e. Truflees td compound with owners for damages. Coramiffioncrs appointed for fettling differences between truftees and otuers. Commifllojiers may mediate between truftees and others. May caufe a jury to be impanelled, to affefs damages. On payment of the money afleffed, truftees may proceed to work. New cuts to be fupported for ever, by the truftees. On deaths, fee. of cdiUrniftioners, others mall be chofen. It fhall be lawful for feveit commiflioners, with the concurrence of feven truftees, to lay tolls on meo Chandizcs carried on the river above Wharf Mouth, except ftraw, ma* nure, dung, conlpoft or lime ufcd in tillage, and except materials raadt tjfc of in the works, not exceeding 6 d. for every ton of fait, lead, hams And tides, tow, old glafe, timber, coals, com, feeds, flour, turfs, cafes, chelta of giafs* Dutch tiles, earthen ware, butter, flax and henlp, and not exceeding 1 s. for every ton of iron, fteel and wrought iron ware, and not exceeding % s. 6 d. for every ton of wines and groceries; and not exceeding ti d. for other goods. Watermen may tow up their vcflels on the banks. Truftees to fet up bridges and conveniences, for owners to' come at their lands. Mailer anfwerable tor his veffel and crew. Land Owners near the river may keep pleafure-boats. Commiflioners not to1 fettle damages otherwife than by verdict of a jury. Throwing dirt into the river forfeits 5 s. In cafe of difference about the weight of goods, mafter on oath may afeertain it, or the collectors may weigh the goods. Truftees may engage the profits of the toll for fecuritv for money to he borrowed. As won as fuffleient money (hall be railed fox the ufes of the

435

Amended by 7 Geo. a.c.49.

436	Anno	dedmo	tertio	Georgii I. c. 34:	(1726.

aft, &c. Commiflioners may moderate the duties. Cotnmiffioners may annually fettle the carnage of goods. Undertakers for the river Dun may cut a channel into the river Ouze. They may take 3 d. per ton for goods, above the other duties. Commi/fioners of fewers for the level of Hatfield Chale, their powers laved*

CAP. XXXIV.

An all for explaining and amending an all pajfed in the /eventb and eighth years of the reign of bis late majeftj King William the thirds intituled, An ait for making navigable the rivers Wye and Lugg in the county of Hereford, and for making the fame more effellual.

WHEREAS in and by an all pajfed in the fourteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled» An aft for making the rivers Wye and Lugg, and the rivers and brooks running into the fame, in the counties of Hereford* Gloutefier and Monmouth, navigable, Sir William Sandys, knt. Winafor Sandys, efquire, and Henry Sandys, their heirs and ajfigns* were impowered upon the terms and under the provifoes in the Jaid all mentioned, to make the faid rivers navigable; but the faid Sir William Sandys, Wtndfor Sandys and Henry Sandys, having not done an) thing to the river Lugg, and what work was done on the river Wye, being performed very Jlightly, all the powers, authorities, privileges, benefits and advantages whatfoever, given and granted to them the faid undertakers, by virtue of the faid recited all, by an all pajfed it the feventb and eighth years of the reign of his late majejly King William the Third, intituled. An ait for making navigable the rivers Wye and Lugg in the county of Hereford, were vefled in the feve-ral trufees therein named, with feveral other powers and authorities in the faid lajl recited all mentioned j and whereas mojl part of the trufees namea in and by thefaid lajl recited all are dead, and no pro* vijion made by the faid all for filling up the room or place of any trufi tee or trujhes dying, by taking in the heir or heirs of the deuafel trufiees or otherwtfe, whereby the number of trufiees is reduced to 0 few, and the due execution of the powers ofthe faid recited alls have been very much kindred and objlrulled, and will foon become impracticable, unlefs fome timely means be applied: for the remedy of the faid inconveniencies and defeats, and for the better and more effectual accompliihing of the ends and defigns intended for the good and fervice of the publick by the faid recited aits, be it therefore enaited, &c.

Trufiees for putting this and the two former afts in execution. AH die powers in the former afts vefted in them. New trufiees om deaths (hall *	fee	elefted. Trufiees may fummon perfons to account on oath for monies,

See. in their hands. Trufiees may fummon perfons to give evidence. AH papers, vouchers, &c. to be delivered up to the trufiees. On refufal truf-tees have their aftion at law, and treble cofts. All the money, See. acquired by*the aft 7 Sc 8 W. 3. and by this aft, (hall be applied in fuch proportions as preferibed by that aft, viz. fo much as is unapplied, and allotted to the river Wye, to be paid over to perfons nominated by the trufiees for the river Wye, and the other part unapplied and allotted to the river Lugg, (hall be paid over to perfons nominated by the trufiees for the river Lugg. Trufiees to repay the inhabitants of Hampton Biibop 701. fortfedr

expence

L

437

1726J Anno derimo terdo GeorGH I. c. 35.

expence in building Hampton Meadow bridge. The troftees may agree with owners of lands pear the river, about wears and mills. Owners not agreeing, a jury to be impanelled, to affeti damages and recompence. No owners of wears or mills to lay nets to deltroy the Salmon in Wye, on pain of 100 1. The profits of mills or wears (hall be paid to the feparate receivers. Every boat-matter anfwerable for damage done by his boat or crew.

CAP. XXXV.

An alt for ejlablijhing a certain pavijton for maintaining the cyrate of the parijb of Saint Katherine Cree-Church, alias Chrift-Church, London, andfor repairing andfupporting the chancel of the faid parijb church.

WHEREAS the mqfler and fellows {/'Magdalen College in the univerjity of Cambridge, being feifed in fee to them and their fucceffors, of ana in the impropriate reflory and tithes of the parijb of Saint Katherine Cree-Church, alias Chrift-Church, in the city of London, did, by indenture under their common feed, dated the feven and twentieth day of April in the year of our Lord one thou-fund feven hundred and twenty four (for the confiderations therein mentioned) demife the fame to Jerome Knapp, citizen and haberdajb-tr of London, for the term of ten years, to commence from the feafi day of the annunciation of the blejfed Virgin Mary next enfuing the date of the faid demife, at and under the rent and covenants therein mentioned; and whereas for the determining of difputes and differences which have arifen concerning the faid tithes, ana for making certain proviftons for maintenance of the curate of the faid parijb, from time to time, and for repairing andfupporting the chancel of the faid parijb church, the faid mafer and fellows of Magdalen College a-forefaid, the faid Jerome Knapp, and the panjkioners of the faid parijb, have come to an agreement, which they are dejirous may be ren-dred effeltual by authority of parliament: at their humble fuit and requeft; may it pleafe your mod excellent Majefty, that it may be ena&ed, tic.

Parifhionersof Katherine Cree-Church to pay to Jerome Knapp, during hi« leafe, and afterwards to the matter, See. of Magdalen College in Cambridge, 1501. per ann. clear of taxes, in lieu of tithes, &c. Churchwardens and veftry to make an attetiment by a pound rate. Collector refilling to aft may be fined, not exceeding to], by the vettry. Colleflor exempted from ferving as overfeer or collector for the poor. Collector to account quarterly for overplus monies. Perfons refuting to pay the af-fetiment, collector to diftrain. Deficiency to be made good oy reafleif. ments. PariQiioners to repair the chancel, and have all profits of burials, bcc. 501. per ann. to be paid to the officiating curate tor xo years, and after wards 701. per ann. Curate to have the furplice fees.

Ff3

CAP.

Anno primo Gfcoaon II: c.i:

t*7a7*

(a) In the r/-eord is addedt In the firft year of King GEORGE the Second, and further continued by adjournments till the feven-teenth day of J«ly.

Anno primo GE O R G11 Secundu

STATUTES made at the parliament begun and balden

at Weftminfter, the ninth day of October, Anno Do* mini one tboufand f hen hundred and twenty two, in the ninth year of the reign, of our late fovereign lord GEORGE the Firjl, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, $cc. And from thence continued by fevered prorogations to the twenty feventh day of June one tboufand fevfn hundred and twenty fevent (z) being the Jtxtb fpffion of this prefent parliament.

CAP. I.

An aft for the better fupport of bis Majejty’s boufoold, and tf the honour and dignity of the crown of Great Britain.

May it pleafe your mofi excellent Mejtjly:

iGeoi.ftat.i. c. x*

xsCar.s.c.23.

t W. & M.

|Ut. x.c. 3.

WHEREAS by an aft oj the reign of our late

ieW. 3. p. si.

y W. 3. c. ij.

7 of parliament made in the firjl year of r fovereign lord King George the Fbfi (of glorious memory) intitulea. An a# for the better fupport of hn Majefty’s houlhold, and of the honour and dignity of the crown of Great Britain, it was arnmgfl other things cnafted, That tbt rates and duties of cxcife upon beet, ale and other liquors, jvhicb hoi been granted to his fate majefty King Charles the Second, by an ad made in the twelfth year of his reign, intituled, A grant of certaiq impofitions upon beer, ale and other liquors, for the increafe of bis Majefty’s revenues during his life, and which were granted U their late mjeflies King William and Queen Mgry (of bhffid me-tnory) by an aft made in the fecund year of their reign, for their Eva and the life of the furvivor of them (a certain duty of fix pence fir every barrel of vinegar beer granted by the fame afts excepted) and alfo a duty of fix pence*, part of a duty of eight flnllings, which wes granted to his faid late majejly King William, for and upon evep parrel of vinegary vinegar beer or liquor preparing for vinegar, which Jbould be brewed or made of any Englim materials, by any perfin or per fins wkatfoever, for foie, and jo in proportion for a greater cr Uffer quantity, by an aft made in the tenth year of his reign, and Zrir-wife the further fubfidy of tannage and poundage, and other duties upon wines, goods and merchandizes, which bad bech granted to his

faid late majejly King William for his life, by an aft made in the ninth year of bis reign, intituled. An a€t tor granting to his Majc-fty a further fubfidy of tunnage and poundage, towards railing the yearly fum of feven hundred thoufand pounds for the fervice of hi6 Majefty’s houlhold, and other ufes therein mentioned, during his Majefty’s life, Jbould be levied, colkfted and paid to bis faid late majejly King George the Firjl, for and during the term if his natural life, and in and by the faid aft of the firfi year of tSe

reifl

439

1727J Anno primo Geougii II. C, iv

reign of bis find late majefty King George the Firft, it was emitted and declared, That the hereditary rates and duties of excife upon beer, ale and other liquors, which were granted to the crown in the twelfth year of the reign of the faid late King Charles the Second, and the Jaid duties of excife upon beer, ale and other liouors, which had been granted to the iate §>uoen Anne, by an att of the firft year of her , Ann. ft at. i. reign, for her life (Jubjett neverthelefs to the incumbrances in that att c. 7. mentioned) ana the monies arifing by the faid further fubfedy of tuti-stage and poundage, and other duties thereby granted, and the revenue arifing in the general letter-office or poft-tffice, or office of pofi-ma-fter general, and the fmall branches of his Majejlfs revenues therein particularly defcribed or mentioned, Jbeuld be for the fupport of his •.Majejlfs houjbold, and of the honour and dignity of the crown, as by the faid att of the firftyear of his faid late Majejlfs reign {relation being thereunto had) may more fully appear: now we your Majefty9 s mofl dutiful and loyal fubjetts the commons of Great Britain in parliament affembled, being defirms that a competent rrjenue for defraying the expenses of your Mayfly's civil government, and better fupporting the dignity of the crown of Great Britain during your life {which God long preferve) may be fettled on your Majejly, and that your Majefty may be enabled to make an honourable provijion for your royal family, as a tejlimony of our unfeigned affettion to your facred perfon, of wbofe great goodnefs and princely qualifications we have had very many tejlimonies, and by whofe happy accejfion to the throne,your Majejlfs fubjetts have a profpett, that the religion, laws end liberties of this realm will be continued, and that they sour faid fubjetts and their pofierity, may, through the divine goodnefs, enjoy a long tranquillity under your Majejlfs aufpicious reign, have therefore freely and unanimoufiy refohed to give and grant, and do by this att give and grant to you, our moft gracious fovcreign lord King George the Second, the feveral rates, duties, impofitions and charges herein after mentioned, during your Mojefifs lift ; and do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enacted, and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and jconfent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame.

That from and after the eleventh day of June one thoufand From n June

feven hundred and twenty (even, for and during the term of the »7»7> the du-

natural life of his majefty King George the Second (whom God t,c#

long preferve) the faid rates and duties of excife upon beer, ale ^^Majeity s’

and other liquors, granted to his faid late majefty King Charles life continued

the Second, by the faid aft made in the twelfth year of his reign, during his

intituled, A grant of certain impofitions upon beer, ale and other li- pref«nt Maje-

quors, for the increafe of his Majefty revenue during his life, and

which were granted to their late majefties King TVilliam and

Queen Mary, by the faid aft made in the fecond year of their

reign, for their lives, and the life of the furvivor of them; and

which were continued to her faid late majefty Queen Anne, bv

the faid aft of the firft year of her reign, for her life; and whicn

were continued to his faid late majefty King George the Firft,

by tl>e faid aft pf the firft year of his reign, for his life, (other

7	F	f	4	than

4+9

Exception.

The further fubfuly of tunnage and poundage continued.

Anno primo Georgii II. c. il ts7a7*

than and except the faid duty of fix pence for every barrel of vinegar beer before mentioned to have been formerly excepted) and alfo the faid duty of fix pence, part of the faid duty of eight {hillings, for every barrel of vinegar, vinegar beer or liquor preparing for vinegar, which (hall be brewed or made of any Eng-lijh or foreign materials, by any perfon or perfont whatsoever, for fale; and fo in proportion for a greater or letter quantity, impofed by the faid art of the tenth year of the reign of his laid late majefty King William the Third, (hall be raifed, levied, collected and paid to our faid fovereign lord King Georgi the Second, in the fame manner and form, and by fuch rules, ways, means and methods, and under fuch penalties, forfeitures and disabilities, and with fuch allowances as are mentioned and ex-preffed in the before mentioned acts, or any of them, or by any other law now in force, relating to the revenue of excife; and that all and every the faid laws relating to the revenue of excife ihall be of full force and effect, to all intents and purpofes for the levying, receiving, afeertaining and recovering the (aid duties of excife upon beer, ale and other liquors; and the (aid duty of fix pence, part of the faid duty of eight (billings for every barrel of vinegar, vinegar beer or liquor preparing for vinegar, hereby granted or continued, in the like manner as if the fame were repeated and enarted in the body of this prefent a d.

• II. And be it alfo enarted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid further fubfidy of tunnage and poundage, and other duties upon wines, goods and merchandizes granted by the laid art made in the ninth year of the reign of his faid late majefty King Wiliam, for his life, and continued to her faid late majefty Queen Anne* by the faid art of the firft year of her reign, far her life, and afterwards continued to his laid late majefty King George the Firft, by the faid art of the firft year of his reign, for his life, (hall, from and after the faid eleventh day of 7*** one thoufand (even hundred and twenty feven, during the lire of our faid fovereign lord King George the Second, be raifed, levied, | collerted, paid and fatisned unto his Majefty, by the fame vpy$, ! means and methods,, and under the fame penalties, forfeiture! and difabiiities, and by the fame rules and directions, and with the fame allowances and drawbacks as are preferibed in or by the faid art of the ninth year of the reign of his faid late majefty | King William* or in any other art or arts of parliament now in i force, in that behalf; and that the faid art of the ninth year of j the reign of his faid late majefty King; Wiliam* and other arts | touching the faid further fubfidies of tunnage and poundage, I and other duties upon wines, goods and merchandizes laft men- ' tioned, and all and every the articles, rules and claufes therein contained, or thereby referred unto, fo far as the fame relate to the railing, levying, collecting or making allowances or drawbacks out of the Fame fubfidies, and other duties, (hall be of full force and effort to all intents and purpofes, during the life of our faid fovereign* lord King George the Second, as if the fame

were

44*

17*7-3	Anno prime pEORGii II. c.ij

were particularly and at large repeated and fet down in the body of this adt.	N

III. And whereas by one ether off made in the firft year of the i Geo. i. fet. reign of our late fovereign hrd King George the Firft* intituled* An *. c. i*. adt for enlarging the fund of the governor and company of the hank of England, relating to exchequer bills; and for fettling an additional revenue of one hundred and twenty thouland pounds per annum upon his Majefty, during his life, for the fervice of the civil government; and tor eftablifhing a certain fund of fifty four thouland fix hundred pounds per annum* in order to raife a fum not exceeding nine hundred and ten thoufand pounds, for the fervice of the publick, by (ale of annuities, after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum* redeemable by parliament; and for fatisfying an arrear for works and materials at Blenheim* incurred whilft that building was carried on at the expence of her late majefty Queen Anne* of blefled memory, and for other pur-poles therein mentioned, it is amongft other things enabled* That the yearly fum of one hundred and twenty thoufand pounds* for the fervice of bis j'aid late Mqjefly’s houjbold and family* and other bit neujfary expenses and occafions* Jhosdd be paid quartet by, from the feaft of Saint Michael the archangel in the year of our Lord one thou-fond /even hundred and fifteen* at the four mod ufual feafts in the year* by equal portions* during his find late Majefty's natural life* out of the monies of the aggregate fund* by the faid aft eftablijbed* as in and by the faid a£t it may alfo more fully appear; which payments determined on the find eleventh day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty feven: be it therefore enadted by the authority aforelaid. That there be granted and continued to our faid fo- J*1* Y^Y vertigo lord King George the Second, during his natural life ix^oool.con-( which God long preferve) the faid revenue or yearly fum of tinuedupon * one hundred and twenty thoufand pounds per annum* which, the aggregate-from and after the faid eleventh day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty feven, (hall be and is hereby charged upon, and (hall be paid and payable, from time to time, to his Majefty, during his life, out of the duties and revenues which coin-pole the faid fund, commonly called the aggregate fund* and e-very or any of them, at fuch times, and with fuch preference, as the fame, by the faid adt laft mentioned, or by any other adt of parliament, was made payable to his faid late majefty King George the Firft; and the commiflioners of his Majefty’s trea-fury, and the high treafurer and under treafurer of the exchequer for the time being, (hall and may, and they are hereby au-; thorized and required to caufe the faid yearly fum of one hundred and twenty thoufand pounds, or any arrears thereof, to be ifliied and applied weekly, or as foon as the fame can be fatis-fied, for the ufes and purpofes by this adt appointed, out of the monies arifen or to arife as aforefaid, fo as by fuch weekly or other payments^ the fum of thirty thoufand pounds, to be due thereupon at the end of each quarter, be not exceeded \ and fo that upon every of the faid quarterly feaft days the whole then

. Anno primo GeorgiiII. c. i. I1727.

due thereupon be compleated, made up or falsified, according to the true meaning of this ad.

The dudes of IV. And it is hereby enadcd and declared. That the (aid he-excifc. thc. . reditary rates and duties of excife upon beer, ale and other li-<luors> rod the &id duties of excife upon beer, ale and other li-iio’oool. per. Quors9 hereby granted to his Majefty for the term of bis life, ann thc Vcve- and the (aid further fubfidy of tunnage and poundage, and o-nueofthepoft ther duties upon wines, goods and merchandizes, and the laid th*Cr* and aW	°* one hundred and twenty thoufand pounds here-

brmnehes of ^ Fro**1* to bis Majefty for the term of his life, and tbe the revenue, find revenue of the general letter-office or poft-office, or office of Ihall be for poft-mafter general, and the fmall branches of his Majefty’s re-1 fC hlPlT>rt jVenucs herein after exprefied, that is to fay, the monies arifmg JholdfandVhe &nts f°r wr^ts °f covenant and writs at entry, payable in the honour of the alienation office, the poft fines, the revenue of the wipe licenfcs, crown, fheriffs prefers and compofitions in the exchequer, feizures of

Xrohibited and uncuftomed goods, the revenue arifing to his lajefty by rents of lands, or for fines of leafes of the feme, or any of them, and all other branches and revenues which were fettled or appointed for the fupport of the houlhold of his (aid late majefty King George the Firft, and tbe honour and dignity . of the crown, during his faid late Majefty’* life as aforefaid, (ex-cept fuch revenues, rents and hereditaments as have been grant- ! ed or palled to any perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corpo- ! rate, by or inpuriuar\ce of any aft or adfcs of parliament in that behalf, and except all charges of particular annuities or futns of money on the faid revenues, or any of them, made or allowed of by any adt or a&s of parliament whatfoever,) (hall be for the fupport of hia Majefty’s houlhold, and of the honour and dig- > nity of the crown, and other the purpofes in this adt mentioned j but charge* rod declared: neverthelefs the faid hereditaiy duties of excife, | able with the and the faid duties of excife granted for his Majefty’s life as afore- 1 incumbrances faid, and the faid revenues of the general letter-office or poft-of-ther^Ss. ° ®CC> or °®cc poft-mafter general, (hall refpedtively be liable to and charged with the feveral particular annual, weekly or o-ther payments or incumbrances charged on, or diredted to be fet apart out of the faid hereditary duties of excife, and the faid 1 duties of excife granted for the life of his faid late majefty King ! George the Firft, and the faid revenues of the general letter-office ] or poft-office, or office of poft-mafter general, or any of ilvem* by any former or othjp adt or adts of parliament, in the fame manner and for the fame ufes, intents and purpofes, and under and fubjedt to the like penalties, forfeitures and difabilities, for any offences in or about the fame, as the faid laft mentioned duties or revenues, or any of them, were fubjedt or liable unto, at the time of the demife of his faid late majefty King Gorge the Firft, as fully and effedlually to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had been by this adt particularly charged on or diredted to be fet apart out of the duties or revenues hereby granted or continued to his Majefty for his life; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.pro-

J727’] Anno primo Gsorgii JI. c. 2.	443

V.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby enabled by the authority If the produce aforefaid, That in cafe the produce of the feveral duties and re-

venues hereby granted and appropriated for the purpofes afore- fcfax ^ ^ faid (over and above fuch annual, weekly and other payments (Wer Soo,oo£L and incumbrances as aforefaid, and over and above all grants per ann. the made by any of his MajeftyV royal predeceflbrs) (hall at any time or times appear to be fo deficient, that within any one the** year, reckoning from the feaft of Saint Jpbn Baptiftxn the year next aids, pf our Lord one thoufand (even hundred and twenty feven, the fame (hall not be fufficient to anfwer and fatisfy the yearly fum pf eight hundred thoufand pounds, then and in every fuch cafe, and as often as any fuch deficiency (hall happen, the famp (hall be provided for, anfwered and made good by and out of the then next aids to be granted in parliament.

VI.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it enabled by the autho-The revenues rity aforefaid. That the feveral and refpeftive duties and reve- payable to his nue» which were payable to his late majefty King George the !*t525fie?f Firft, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for and during

his life, (hall be continued, raifed, levied and paid from the de- his prefent ceafe of his faid late Maiefty during the life of his prefent majefty Majefty, King George the Second, in the fame manner only, and fubjeft to the fame or die like charges thereon, as the fame were liable or fubjeft to during his faid late Majefty’s life.

VII.	Saving always, to all and every perfon and perfons, bo- Saving claufe. dies politick and corporate, their heirs and fucceflors, executors, adminiftrators and afligns, other than to our faid fovereign lord

the King, his heirs and fucceffors, all fuch rights, titles, eftates, cuftoms, interefts, claims aqd demands whatfoever, of, in or to* or out pf thp revenues, hereditaments and other the premifles aforefaid, or any of them, as they or any of them had or ought to have had at the making of this aft, as fully and effectually to all intents and purpofes, as if this aft had never been made;

?ny thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. II.

jin aft to enable bis Majejly to be governor of the South-Sea

company.

WHEREAS the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South-Seas and other parts of America, and for encouraging the fijhery, have made an humble addrefs to the Kings moft excellent majejly, in a general court of the faid company, that bis Majejly would be gracioujly plea fed to honour the faid company with being their governor, whereunto his Maiefty being willing to condefcend, fame doubts and difficulties have arifen, or may arife,

Couching the qualifications and duties preftribed by law, or by the fbarter granted to the faid company, in relation to the governors or government thereof : for remedy whereof, be it enafted and declared by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That his Majefty (hall be capable of being and

con-

444

HU Majefty capable of being governor ok the South-Sea Company. An addreft from the company (hall be • deemed.an election.

His Majefty exempted from the oaths.

and may appoint the fub-governor, See. to alt in his behalf.

i Ann. flat. i. c. 7*

9 Ann. c. io.

Anno prinio Georgii II. C. £.	[1727.

continuing governor of the faid company for fuch time or times as are prefcribed by the faid charter for the continuance of any governor therein; and that fuch addrefs as aforefaid, or any other addrefs of the faid company to be hereafter made in their general court for the fame purpofe (in cafe his Majefty fhall be pleafed to accept of being their governor) (hall from time to time be deemed and adjudged to be an election of his Majefty to be governor of the laid company within the true intent and meaning of the faid charter, without the forms of ballotting or other methods prefcribed by fuch charter for eleding the governor of the faid company: any thing in the Cud charter to the contrary notwithftanding.

II.	And it is hereby declared and enadted by the authority aforefaid, That the oaths prefcribed by the faid charter, or any law now in force, and all other adts, matters or things neceflary or requifite to qualify a fubjedt of this realm to be governor of the faid company, (hall not be deemed to be neceflary or requifite for his Majefty’s qualification in refpedt of the (aid government, nor fhall the (aid oaths be adminiftrtd to his Majefty; and that his Majefty, in all cafes where any vote is to be given or adt to be done by him, as governor of the faid company, may (if his Majefty think fit) by anv warrant or warrants under his royal fign manual, appoint tne fub-goverhor or deputy-governor of the faid company to vote or adt for him or on his behalf; any former law, ftatute, charter or provifion to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. III.

4n aft for enabling bis Majefty to fettle a revenue far ftp-porting the royal dignity of the Queen> in cafeJbe JnaU fur-vivc bis Majefty.

Moft gracious fovereign,

WHEREAS your Majeftfs moft faithful commons are truly fenftble how acceptable it will be to your Majefty, that a good) certain and competent revenue be fettled for fupporttng the honour and dignity of her Majefty) your royal confert, in cafe jbe Jhould furvive your Majefty (whofe lives God long preferve) and refltft with the greateft pleafurc upon the happinefs which this kingdom, by the bltf jingo/ Almighty God) cannot fail to enjoy by alongfuccejfion of princes derived from her Majefty) who hath with a confiancy and greatnefs of mind peculiar to herfelf given early and never to be forgotten in-fiances of her zeal for the proteflant religion, and by a continued ex~ ercife of every royal virtue hath inflamed cur hearts with the moft dutiful affefiion to her Majefty: and whereas by an ati made in tbe firft year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne for preferving the inheritance of feveral revenues of the crown, intituled) An adt for the better fupport of her Majefty’s houfhold, and of the honour and dignitv of the crown, all grants (other than fuch as are there-in exprejfea) are declared to be void; and by another apt made in the ninth year of her faid late Majeftfs reign, intituled, An adt for e-6	fta-

445

*7*7*1 Anno primo Georgii II. c. 3.

ftablifhing a general poll-office for all her Majefty’s dominions, and for fettling a weekly futn out of the revenues thereof for the fervice of the war, and other her Majefty’s occafions, it was en-afled, That fucb part of the duties and revenues oriftng in or by the general letter-office or pojl-office, which was thereby vejted in her faid late Majejly, her heirs and fuccejfors, and therein mentioned to be undeterminable^ Jbould not be alienable, chargeable or grantable for any ejlate, term or time wlsatfoever, to endure longer than the life of the King or <$ueen that Jbould make fuch alienation, charge or*grant re-fpefiively 5 and that allgifts, grants, alienations and affurances what-foever, to be had or made of and (barged upon the fame duties or revenues or any part thereof cotitrary to the provijion of that aft, Jbould be null and void: we do nevcrthelefs mod humbly, chearfully and unanimoudy befeech your Majefty, that it may be enalted, and be it ena&ed, by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament allembled, and by the authority of the lame. That it lhall and may be lawful to and for the King’s moft exeellent majefty, by any letters patent, or in* His Majefty denture, or by feveral letters patent, or indentures, under the great may fettle a feal of Great Britain, hereafter to be made, to give and grant to her faid majefty the Queen, or to fuch other perfon or per- <m her Ma-fons as his Majefty lhall think fit to be named in fuch letters jefty. patent, indenture or indentures, and his or their heirs, to the ufe of, or in truft for her Majefty, one annuity or yearly rent or fum of one hundred thoufand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain; which annuity or yearly fum of one hunared to commence thoufand pounds, and every part thereof, lhall commence and after his detake effelt immediately from and after the deceafe of his Ma* cede, jefty, and continue from thenceforth for and during the natural life of her Majefty, and lhall be paid and payable at the four moft ufual feafts, or days of payment in the year; that is to fay,	*

the feaft of Saint Michael the archangel, the birth of our Lord Chrijl, the annunciation of the blefied Virgin Mary, and the nativity of Saint John Baptift, by even and equal portions; the firft payment thereof to be made at fuch of the faid feafts, as (hall firft and next happen after the deceafe of his Majefty, in cafe her Majefty the Queen lhall furvive him, as atorelaid; and Tj,c ^ year-that the laid annuity or yearly fum of one hundred thouland iy rent charg* pounds, lhall or may, by fuch letters patent, indenture or in- ed on the dentures, be directed to be i(filing and payable out of, or charg- crown reve-ed and chargeable upon all and every the duties, revenues, and payments, fettled or appointed by an act of this prefent feffion of parliament, for the better fupport of his Majefty’s houfhold, and the honour and dignity of the crown, or any of them that lhall be fubfifting after his Majefty’s demife, or upon all and every the duties and revenues, which compofe the fund commonly called the aggregate fund, and payable thereout In the fame order and degree as the annual fum of one hundred and twenty thoufand pounds, by the laft mentioned alt granted and continued to his Majefty for his life is payable, in fuch parts,

(hares.

446	Anno	primo GtORdfi il. C. 3. ‘	£1727,

(harts, or proportions, as his Majefty in his great wifdom (hall think (it to direA or appoint the fame.

To be pud II. And it is hereby further enaAed, That the faid annuity of* without fee, yearly fum of one hundred thoufand pounds (hall be paid and payable at the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, or by and from the immediate hands of all and every the commiffioners, farmers; treafurers, or receivers for the time being of the laid revenues refpeAively, upon which the faid annuity or yearly fum of one hundred tnoufand pounds, or any part or parts thereof, (hall be charged; without any fees or charges to be demanded or taken for paying the fame, or any part thereof; and the acquittance and acquittances of her Majefty, or her truftees, or of her Ma-jefty’s treafurer or receiver general for the time being, (hall be a good and fufficient difcharge for the payment thereof, without any further or other warrant to be fued for, had, or obtained iii that behalf; and that the faid annuity or yearly fum of one hundred thoufand pounds, and every part thereof, (hall be free . anddear from all taxes, impofitions, and other publitk charges whatfoever; and that if the officers of his Majefty’s receipt of exchequer, or the faid commiffioners, farmers, treafurers, or receivers for the time being of any of the faid duties and revenues, upon which the faid annuity or yearly fum of one hundred thoufand pounds, or any part or parts thereof, (hall be charged, as aforefaid, (hall refiife or negleA to pay the faid annuity of yearly fum, or any part thereof, to her Majefty, her treafurer* receiver general, or truftees, then her Majefty, or fuch her and dear of truftees, as aforefaid; may, from time to time, fue, profecute, ** or implead fuch officers, commiffioners, farmers, treafurers, of receivers, or any of them, or all or any of their fecurities, heirs, executors, and adminiftrators, by bill, plaint, or aAion of debt, and (hall and may recover judgments, and fue out executions thereupon againft fuch officers, commiffioners, fanners, treafur-ers, or receivers refpeAively, and their refpeAive fecurities, heirs, executors, and adminiftrators, for fuch fum and fums of money then due and owing upon the faid annuity of one hundred thoufand pounds, or any part thereof, as (nail be in the hands of fuch officers, commiffioners, farmers, treafurers, or receivers refpeAively, at the time when demand (hall be made of the payment of the faid yearly fum, or any part thereof, as a* forefaid.

a pait	And w^ereaB his faid late Majefty, in purfuancc of thepowef

Geo.1 relat- 8lvcn unto his faid late Majefty in and by an aA of parlianwnt, ing to the " made and paffed in the firft year of his reign, [intituled. An afl grant of So for enabling bis Majefy to fettle a revenue for fuppoHing the dignitf mof her royal higbnefs the princefs, in cafe /be jball furvive his royal tohcrMajc^7*bighnefs the prince of Wales] was gracioufly pleafed, by indenture *	under	the great feal of Great Britain, bearing date tne fifteenth

day of JDecember, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven , hundred and fifteen, to give and grant unto the right honourable Sir Spencer Compton, knight of the Bath9 Sir Robert IValpohi knight of the moft noble order of the garter, and Sir Robert

£jrt

447'

1727*]	Anno	primo	Geokgii	!l.	c.	3.

Eyre knight, chief juftice of his Majefty’s court of common pleas at fr\'ejhnmfler, by the names and additions therein mentioned {being perfons, whom his Majefty thought fit to be named in the faid indenture as truftees in that behalf) and to their heirs and afligns for ever, all that his faid late Majefty’s palace, or capital meffuage, called by the name of Denmark Houfe, alias Somerfet Houfe> alias Strona Houfe, fituate in or ne&r the Strand, and m or near the parifh of St. Mary at Stroud, in the county o(Middlefexy with its rights, members, and appurtenances, whatfoevcr, and all and lingular houfes, out-houfes, ftables, coach-houfes, edifices, buildings, courts, yards, gardens, and appurtenances whatfoever, to the faid palace or capital mefliiage, and other the premiflfes belonging or appertaining, or accepted, reputed, taken, ufed, or enjoyed as part, parcel, or member thereof, or any part thereof, to hold the faid palace or capital mefliiage, and other the premifles thereby granted, with their and every the appurtenances unto the faid Sir Spencer Compton, Sir Robert Walpole, and Sir Robert Eyre) their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, and afligns (amongft other ufes and trulls therein fpecified) immediately from and after the de* ceafe of his prefent Majefty (then his royal highnefs the prince of Wales) during the term of the natural life of her Majefty the Queen (then her royal highnefs the princefs of Wales) and for the term of one year from her deceafe fin cafe fhe lhould fur* vive her royal confort his prefent Majefty) upon this truft and confidence, videlicet) That the faid Sir Spencer Compton, Sir Robert Walpoley and Sir Robert Eyre, their heirs and afligns, lhould permit and fuffer her Majefty (then princefs of Wales) and her afligns, to have, poflefs, ufe, and enjoy the faid palace or capital mefliiage, and premifles laft mentioned, with their appurtenances, during her natural life, to and for her own benefit and behoof; and from and after the deceafe of her Majefty as afore -faid, then the faid Sir Spencer Compton, Sir Robert WdlpoU) and Sir Robert Eyre, their executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, lhould Hand and be poflefled of the faid palace or capital mef* fuage, and premifles laft mentioned, and every part thereof, with their appurtenances, in truft for her Majefty, her executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, for and during the term of one whole year, to commence and take effedt immediately from and after the deceafe of her Majefty, as in and by the laid indenture (amongft other things) relation being thereunto had? may more fully and at large appear.

IV. And whereas your Majefty’s faithful commons are defirous Thc that her Majefty lhould have and enjoy the full benefit and ad- mnt con-vantage of the laid recited grant, in cafe her Majefty (hall fur- armed, vive your Majefty, be it therefore further enadled by the autho-* rity aforefaid. That the faid recited grant, fo made by his faid late'Majefty as aforefaid, in and by the faid indenture, (hall be* and the fame is hereby ratified and confirmed, and enabled to be good and effectual in the law in all things, according to the tenor and purport thereof in the faid indenture exprefled.

2	V.	Ami

44*

Richmond Houfe, &c. fettled bn her Majefty.

The powers if his Majefty's letters patent See, goodf not< withltanding the reftric-tions in a£t x. Anne#

Anno primo Gborgii IL c. 3;	[1727*

V# And for the better accommodation of her Majefty, in cafe (he (hall happen to furvive his Majefty, be it further enaCled by the authority aforefaid, That it mall and*may be lawful to and for his Majefty, notwithftanding any reftric-tion contained in the faid aCt of the firft year of her faid late Majefty’s reign, by any letters patent, indenture, or indentures, under the great feal of Gnat Britain, to give, grant, fettle, or aflure, ail that his Majefty’s houfe now, or heretofore, ufually called the lodge, and formerly in the tenure of John Latten efquire, fituate and being within the park called or known by the name of Richmond Old Park in the county of Surrey and all and fingular the dofes, wood grounds, lands, tenements, and hereditaments thereunto belonging, or held and enjoyed with the faid houfe or lodge, all which premifles are parcel, or reputed parcel of the manor of Richmond, alias Weft Sheen, in the faid county of Surrey in as full, large, ample, and beneficial manner and form, as his Majefty might have given, granted, fettled, or allured the fame, or any part thereof, if the faid ad of the firft year of her faid late Majefty’s reign, or any the re-ftriltions, claufes, matters, or things therein contained, had never been had or made, fo as by fuch gifts, grants, fettlements, or affurances, or fome of them, a good and fure eftate, and in-tereft of and in the faid houfe or lodge, lands, tenements, hereditaments, and other the premifles laft mentioned, and evaj of them be limited, appointed, fettled, or aflured to or for the ufe of, or in truft for her Majefty, in fuch manner that (he may have and enjoy the foie benefit thereof immediately from and after the deceafe of his Majefty, during the term of her natural life, and fo as an eftate or intereft be thereby alfo limited, appointed, fettled, or aflured to or for the ufe of, or in truft for her Majefty, her executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, to take effcCt immediately from and after her dcceafe, and to continue for one whole year from thence next enfuing.

VI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That all and every the powers, precepts, directions, and claufes, to be contained in his Majefty’s letters patent, indenture, or inden-1 tures hereafter to be made as aforefaid, for the better and more certain payment .and afliirance of the faid annuity,, or yearly ! fum of one hundred thoufand pounds, and for making the faid refpeCtive revenues, or any of them, or any part thereof liable thereunto, and for granting, conveying, fettling, and alluring of the faid houfe or lodge, lands, tenements, hereditaments, and premifles laft mentioned as aforefaid, (hall be, and are hereby enaCted to be good and effectual in the law, according to the j tenor and purport thereof in the faid letters patent, indenture^ j or indentures to be expreffed, notwithftanding any reftriCtioOi or other matter or thing contained in the faid aCt of parliament made in the firft year of her late.Majefty’s reign [intituled, Jh at? for the better fupport of her Majefty's houjbold, ana of the burn and dignity of the crown] and notwithftanding any reftriCHon,.* i other matter or thing contained in the faid a A of the ninth year of her ftid late Majefty’s reign, for eftablijhing the poft-omce,

and

X'jt'jJ]	Anno primo GEdRGlI II. C. 3.

and any mifrecital, nonrecital, omiflion, or other defeat in the faid letters patent, indenture, or indentures hereafter to be made in any wife notwithftanding.

VII.	Saving to all and every perfon and perfons, bodies politick and corporate, their heirs, executors, adminiftrators and alligns (other than to the King’s majefty, his heirs and fuccef-fors, and other than to fuch perfon or perfons, who do or may ftand fcized or poflefled in trull for his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors) all fuch right, title, intereft, and demand whatfoever, which they or any of them hav*, or may have of, in, to, of out of the revenues aforefaid, or any of them, or of, in, or to the faid houfe or lodge, lands, tenements, hereditaments, and pre-Thifles laft mentioned, with the apurtenances fo to be granted as aforefaid, or any part thereof, before the making of this aft, as fully and effectually to all intents and purpofes as if this aft had not been made, any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

VIII.	And whereas his faid late Majefty, in further purfuance and execution of the power given unto his faid late Majefty in and by the faid adt of parliament, made in the firft year of his faid late Majefty’s reign [intituled, An aft for enabling his Ma)efij to fettle a revenue for supporting the dignity of her royal highnefs the princefs, in cafe jhe jhall furvive bis royal highnefs the prince of Wales] was graciouily pleated, by the indenture hereto before recited, under the great feal of Great Britain, bearing date the faid fifteenth day of December, in the faid year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fifteen, to give and grant unto the faid Sir Spencer Compton, Sir Robert Walpole, and Sir Robert Eyre, and to their heirs, one annuity or yearly fum of fifty thoufand pounds of lawful money of Great, Britain, to commence and take effe& immediately ffom Wnd after the deceafe of his preient Majefty (then his royal highnefs the prince of Wales) and to continue from thenceforth^ for and during the natural life of her Majefty (then princefs of Wales) and to be paid at the four moft ufual feafts or days of payment in the

Sear, that is to fay, the feaft of Saint Michael the archangel, the irth of our Lord Chrift, the annunciation of the blefied Virgin Mary, and the nativity of Saint John Baptift, by even and e-qual portions, the firft payment thereof to be made at fuch of the laid feafts, as (houid firft and next happen after the deceafe of his prefent Majefty (then his royal highnefs the prince of Wales) in cafe her Majefty (houid furvive him, as aforefaid 5 and to charge the yearly fum of forty thoufand pounds, part of the faid annuity or yearly fum of liny thoufand pounds, upon the revenues arifing and to arife by virtue and in purfuance of the faid aft [intituled. An aft for efabli/hing a generalpojl office for all her Majejlfs dominions,, andfor fettling a weekly fum out of the revenues thereof for the fet'vhe of the war, and other her Ma~ jelly's oceafans] .or by virtue, or in purfuance of anv provifoe, claufe, mattpr, or tiling therein contained, or according te any erher aft ett rtfts of parliamcrirthereby referred unto (the wcek-VolXV,	Gg	ly

449

Saving claufe

The annuity

ot' 50,0001. extinguifhed, on confirmation of the grant of 100,000 1.

Preamble,

Robert Blackburn, Ac. to be kept in cuftody during hit Majetty's pleafure.

Anno primo Georgii II. c.4.	[1727.

ly Turn of feven hundred pounds, mentioned in the laid ad of the ninth year of her faid late Majefty’s reign, during fuch time as the faid weekly fum was to continue, and any other monies by that ad appointed to be referved for the ufe of the publick, always excepted and foreprized) and to charge the yearly fum of ten thoufand pounds, refidue of the faid annuity or yearly fum of fifty thouland pounds, upon the hereditary rates and duties of excife upon beer, ale, and.other liquors, which were granted to the crown by an ad in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, confirmed by an ad of parliament ia the thirteenth year of his reign, as in and by the faid indenture, relation being thereunto had, may more fully and at large appear : now it is hereby further enaded by the authority afore-laid, That after the time that the faid grant, by this ad intended to be made, to or for the benefit of her Majefty, of the faid annuity or yearly fum of one hundred thoufand pounds, (hall be effedually made and pafled under the great feal of Great Britain, then the faid annuity or yearly rent, or fum of titty thoufand pounds, and all her Majefty’s right thereunto, and all the benefit and advantage whatfoever, which, from and after the deceafe of his prefent Majefty (her Majefty furviving) was to accrue to her Majefty, by virtue of the laid recited indenture, or any of the trufts or provifions therein contained, with refpefi to the fame annuity or yearly rent, or fum of fifty thoufand pounds, is, are, and (hall be, by force and virtue of this prefent aft, vetted in his Majefty, his heirs, and fuccefiors, to the end the faid annuity or yearly rent, or fum of fifty thoufand pounds, may be wholly merged and extinguifhed.

CAP. IV.

An all for continuing the imprifonment of Robert Blackburn, and others, for the horrid confpiracy to affaffmate the perfon of bis late fetcred majefty King William the Third, of glorious memory.

WHEREAS by an alt of parliament made in the firji year tf the reign of bis late majefty King George the Firji, ofglon-ous memory [intituled. An adt for continuing the imprifonment of Robert-Blockburn, and others, for the horrid confpiracy to aflaf-fmate the perfon of his late facred majefty King Irilltam the Third] the perfons hereafter named {that is to fay) Robert Blackburn, John Bernardi, and Robert CafTells, then prifoners in Newgate, for a deteftable confpiracy to ajfajfinate the royal perfon of his faid late majefty King William the Third, of glorious memory, were, by force of the faid alt, to be detained and kept in cuftody, without bail or mainprize, during his faid late Majefty*s pleafure, and will •now be fet at large, unlefs feme further provision be made for the continuance of their imprifonment for the faid betnous offence ; be it therefore cnadted by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of die lord* fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the laid Robert Blackburn, John Bernardi, and

" “	Robed

451

1727*]	Anno primo GeoRGH IL c. 5.

Robert Caffiells, (hall be detained and kept in cuftody, without bail or mainprize, during his Majefty’s pleafure.

CAP. V.

An aft for making further provifions to enable per font pof- . fejfed of offices at the demife of bis late Majefiy to qualify thetnfehes for the enjoyment of fucb offices, and for altering and explaining the alls of parliament therein mention-, ed in relation to qualifying perfons for continuing in offices, and to the continuance of the Jheriffis of the county of Com-. wall and county palatine of Chefter, and federal other officers therein mentioned, after the demife of bis late Ma~ jefty, his heirs and fucceffiors; and for continuing fucb laws as would expire at the end of this feffion of parliament.

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament made in the fixtbyear of

the reign of her late majefiy §>u£cn Anne, intituled, An aa 6 Ann. c.7# for the fecurity of her Majefty’s perfon and government, and of the fucccffion to the crown of Great Britain in the proteftant line, it was amongft other things enabled, That no office, place or imployment, civil or military, within the kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, dominion of Wales, town of Berwick upon Tweed, tfies of Jerfey, Guernfey, Alderney and Sarke, or any of her faid late Maiefifs plantations, Jhould become void by reafon of the demife or death of her faid late Majefiy, her heirs or fucceffiors; but every perfon in any of the offices, places and imployments aforefaid Jhould continue in their rejpeftive offices, places and imployments for the (pace of fix months next after fucb death or demife, unlefs fooner removedand difcharged by the next in fucceffion, .as in the Jaid aft is txprefficd 5 and that all officers and perfons in any offices, places or imployments, civil or military, who were or Jhould be by the faid aft continued as aforefaid, Jhould take the oaths therein mentioned, and io all other afts requifite by the laws and fiatutes of this realm to qualify themfehes to be and continue in fucb their refpeftive places J ffices and imployments, ivithin fuch time and in fuch manner, and ender fuch pains, penalties and difabilities, as they Jhould or ought to b, had they been newly Hefted, appointed, confiituted and put into nth offices, places or imployments in the ufual and ordinary way, as y the faid recited aft (relation being tHereunto had) may appear: md whereas divers perfons having offices, places or imployments in the kingdom of Ireland are now refiding in Great Britain, and by rea-on of their attendance in parliament, or other occafions, cannot at irefent go into Ireland to qualify thcmfelves in that behalf as the dw dire fts: be it therefore enadted* &c. EXP.

’erfons in offices in Ireland, refiding in England may qualify tliemfelves lere before *8 Nov. 17a7.

II. And tvhereas by the general words of the faid recited aft, and 4 Ann. c. t» f one other aft made in the fourth year of the reign of her faid late	,

G g 2	majefiy

4C*

Aim&prilhDGfioRdii II. c.$. _	[1727*

mtyefty £(uetk Armey intitdlrd, An aft for the better fecurity a her Majefty’s perfon ind government, and of the fucoeffion to the crown of England in the proteftant line, all officers thereby re-fpctUvely continued are obliged to take the ufual oaths of their re-JpeiUvt-offices in fitch manner as if they had been newly dfprinudt __	from whence many difficulties and inconwnieniies bane afyetS: be it

75*	*!!l	eha&ed	by	the authority aforefaid, That fo much only e£ the

lifying p«- * fiiif a^s at. fequfres any perfon to fyke the ufual oath of ftis tons to con- office, place or irnjftojrmeAt, in refpeft of his being coritrtuxd tinue in office* tberciit fot the fpadfc offix'monrhs, by-virtue of the ibid *&, altered and or other of them, (hall be and is hereby repealed; and but explained. ^ pei.fon ^ pcrfons wbo, at the time of the demife of his ttd late Majefty, was or were po(faded of any office, place or in-ployment, and Were continued therein by force of the faidaffi, or either of them,' (hall incur or fuffer any sains, penalties or . dfftbillties whatever for or in tefjfedf of nis or their hang adted in fuch office, place or imployment without taking Ac ufual oath thereof fince the demife of his- faid late Majefty; ad that all adts done or to be done by fuch perfon or perfon s, e by authority derived from him or them, are and (hall be of the feme force and efiedt, to all intents and purpofes, as they wool! have been, if fuch perfon or perfons hid taken the ufual oak of his or their office, place or imployment fence the demife 4 his feid late Majefty.

$erfoht having offices' at the demife of hit late Majefty to qpelifr Aw-(elves before at Nov. 1717. Provifo for pedwa beyond (ea. Fo-foss id (tiled of offices in Ireland now refidihg here, aad newly appotated to in offices, to qualify themfeives in England within three calendar moaih Sherifti of Cornwall and Chefter, and feveral other officers oontinwi Hit Mejfcfty may appoint Httrlffs for Cornwall during the prince's mihori-ty. Bithop of Clogber cootinued rice-chancellor of Dublin. EXP.

*	4

ACb that X. And whereas ihere are divers laws now in form, which oil would expire expire at the end of this feffion of parliament, and probably there etf thUfelfion°*	tlme f*r a Particular examination and due eoefidet-

continued’to tlon fa of them may be fit to he further contiteued; bed the end of the therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid. That all feus ate next.	in force, and which would expire at the end of this feffioh i

parliament, (hall be and continue in full force to all intents ad purpofes unto the end of the next feffion of parliament; us thing contained in any of the feid laws to the contrary thaw in any wife notwitbftanding.

dm

§7*8.] Anno pruho Gborgii If. flat *. c. t.-6.

Anno Regni GEORGIIII. primo. St at. 2.

AT	parliament begun and loldfn At Weftminfter,

tie twenty-third day of January, ■ Anno Domini one tbeufand /even hundred and twenty fevtn, in the firft year of the reign of our fovereign lord George H. by the grace of God of Great Britain, France and Ireland, Kingy defender Af. the faitbt &c. being the firft fiffien ef tbit firefent parka-VBfQti

CAP. I.

A*	for continuing the dudes upon malt, mum, cyder and perry id that

• .part ef GnpeBrttam caged England $ and for granting to his Mfcjefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the fervice of tne year one thouland (even hundred mid twenty eight j and for making* good the deficiency of a late malt-aft. EXP.

CAP. fl.

An a& for puwfhing mutiny and defertipn, and for-the better payment of die army and their quarters. XP.	*

cap, in...........

•An	far making nxri eifc&ual an a& pafied in the fourth yepr^ of the

reign of his late mafefty King George, intituled, 4v f a fir reppnexyk dimehqs from' Mfii&tnbiad^Bndge to Sunn'mp-Lant end, next to Twfbrd>

• h t^reaato Riduihfi e^/^ t^Jmd6r^k HM^Bru^e^tbec9tm^ t^ef Berks*

This aft continued for ax yean longer after expiration of the former eft. Amended kj pGoo. i.c.

CAP. IV,

An aft for repwng the road leading from Chattcris-Epny, which divides the ifle oFfijy from the county of Huntingdon, to Hammond's Eati, and from thence Cd Scrmerfiiam-Bridge, at Sonierfham town’s end, in the find county .

The toll took place the tft of May 17s!, to continue for 21 years, jCon-.tinned ty 14Geo. a. c. *4.

CAP. V.

An aft forjgngtiog an aid to his hjajefty by a land-tag to bp raifird in Great Britain, for the ferrite of the year one thouiaud feven hundred and twenty eight. EXP. 3*• in the pound.

CAP. VI.

An aft for repairing the rood from the Powder-Mills op Hounflow-Heafh in the county of MiddleQnp, to a place called Bafing-Stone, near the town of Eaginot, in the parjrn of Windlefliam fo fhe county pf Surrey.

-The toll took place from the ill day of May xyafi. and is to continue pi years- tentmmdty 12 Geo. *. c. 1$,

CAP.

<454	Anno	primo	Georgii	II.	ftat.;*. C.7j8.	[1718.

CAP. VII, •

. An aft for enlargtag the term granted "by dn' aft taade in the twdftk year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, for repairing the nigh ways between the £$ar- Inn in Reading,.	Puntfield in the com*

ty of Berks, and for making the faid aft.more eflfeftual, and for mead* ing other roads in this aft ihentioned.	'

. The aft is Ann. for repairing Reading and other roads, enlarged fa u ■ ' yews. Continued by lo Geo.x. c. 6.

CAP. VHI.

An ail for granting an aid to bis Majefty by fale of ammilk to the bank of England at four pounds per centum, n-deetnable by parliament, and (barged upon the duties a coals and culm\ and for further applying the product ] the finking fund y and for enlargingibt time for enchasing Nevis and Saint Chriftophef’s debentures for ant* ties at three per oentupi, and far applying the arrears] bis late Majefty/s civil lift revenues.

Mod gracious Sovereign,

9 Ann. c.it. TTTHEREAS by ah ail of parliament made uni pajfei mft W ninth year of the reign of her late majefty Spueen Anne, a* tituled, An aft for granting to her Majefty feveral duties ups coals, for building fifty new churches in and about the citiesi London and Weftminfier and fuburbs thfcrdbf* and other punofe 'therein mentioned,* it was enacted. That fog all forts of comsd culm, which from and after the twenty eighth day of September nr tboufand feven hundred and fixteen, and before the twenty eighth k ^September one tboufand .feven hundred an<l twenty fouryfludte imported and brought into the port of the, city of London, or the me of. Thames, within the liberty of the faid city upon thefame nrnr, there Jhould be paid to her Majefty, her heirs and fuccefjhn, by txj pfimpofition thereupon (oyer and bejides all other imtojuions anib-ties) according to the rates herein after mentioned; that is to fay. Ft all fuch forts of coahand culm as are ufuaHy fold by the cbalder,fw every chalder thereof, containing thirty fix bu/bely Winchester meekwu the fum of three JhiUings 5 and for fuch forts of coals as are fold (yih ton, for every ton thereof, containing twenty.hundred weight, thefa of three /billings 5 all the produce of which faid imposition on coals ed culm was thereby appropriated for the building of fifty new ckttnbt\ in or near the cities of London and Weftminfter, or the fithri* thereof and other purpofes therein mentioned: and whereas by an & of parliament made and faffed in the firfi year of the reign of ym r^co 1. flat.a. Majeftf s royal father, king George the Firfi, of glorious mrmn, Cm?l'	the faid impofitions and \duties upon coals and culm were further grat-

ed to his faid late Majefty, from the twenty feventb day rf Sep* t ember one tboufand feven hundred and twenty four, to the twtm eighth day of September one tboufand feven hundred and twenty fa and the whole produce thereof applied for the making pryvifien f:r:h winifiers of the faid fifty new churches, and other purpofes that*

matixd:

1728.] Anno primo Georgii II. (tat. 2. C. 8.	455

mentioned: and whereas by an aft of parliament of the fifth year of 5Gco.i. c.9. his faid late Majejlfs reign* intituled, An alt for continuing certain duties upon coals and culm, and for eftablilhing certain funds to raife money, as well to proceed in the building of new churches, as alfo to compleat the fupply granted to his Majefty, and to referve the overplus monies or the faid duties for the dif-pofition of parliament, and for more efte&ual fupprefling private lotteries, the fame impofitions and duties were granted to his Majefty^ from the twenty Jeventb day of September one thoufand feven hundred and twenty five* to the feafl of the annunciation of the blejfed Virgin Mary which Jbould be in the year of our Lord one thou-Jand feven hundred and fifty one* and were thereby charged with a particular fund of twenty one thoufand pounds per annum for thirty. two years* from the twenty fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred ana nineteen* for the raifing from time to time* by loans at the exchequer* on the credit of the faid fund* as the fame Jhould be wanted* the fum of three hundred and fixty thoufand pounds, in lieu of the provisions by the former afts for the building the faid churches and other purpojes before-mentioned; and the fame impofitions or du-. ties were by the fame aft further charged with anotoer. particular fund of thirty thoufand five hundred and fifty nine pounds fourteen Jbillings per annum, for the like term of thirty two years, from the. faid twenty fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen* for the paying off and difeharging the Jum of five hundred thoufand pounds* with the intere/l at four pounds per centum per annum,/^ the fortunate tickets in the lottery eftablijbed by the Jaid late-mentioned aft: and whereas by a fubfequent aft of parliament made in the fixth year of his faid late Majejtfs reign* for enabling the South- 5 Geo.i. c. 4. Sea company to enlarge the capital flock and fund of the faid company* the faid duttes on coals and culm were continued for ever; and thereby the faid fium offive hundred thoufand pounds for the faid lottery* or any part thereof* was (among ft other publick debts therein enumerated) impowered to be taken into the capitalflock of the faid company* and the faid company was to be entitled to an annuity after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament* for fo much thereof as Jbould be Jo taken into the capital Jlock* in lieu of the former annuity payable for the fame* and to a proportionable allowance for charges of management* and to be charged upon the faid impofitions and duties: and whereas in purfaance of the find lajl men-. tioned aft the fum of four hundred thirty four thoufand fix hundred and five pounds principal money * part of the faid fum of Jive hundred thoufand pounds* was taken into the fend Jlock* and by means thereof the faid company became entitled to an annuity or yearly fum of fevett-tcen thoufand three hundred eighty four pounds four Jbillings* redeemable by parliament* being after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, in refpeft of the faid principal fum fo taken into their Jlock 5 and the refidue of the faid principal debt or fum of five hundred thoufand pounds hath been Jince paid off and dijeharged* by means whereof the former particular fund or annuity of thirty thoufand five hundred fifty nine pounds fourteen Jbillings* for paying off the faid five hundred thoufand pounds and inter eft* was redeemed and dijeharged:

84

and

45$

13 Geo, I*

Anno primo Georgia II. flat*?. c. 9.	[1728.

and whereat by or in purfuante of another alt of parliament, made in xi. the thirteenth year of the reign of hit faii late majefty King George the Firjl, intituled, An aft for granting to bis Majefty the fum of three hundred and feventy thoufand pounds, to be raifed by loans or exchequer-bills, to be charged on the furplus monies of the duties on coals and culm, granted by an a# of the fifth year of bis Majcfty’s reign for a term of years,. and iince made perpetual, certain exchequer-bills were made forth at the exchequer, amounting together to the principal fum of three hundred thirty eight thoufand eight hundred pounds, and charged on the (aid duties on coals and culm, and the fame are fiitt fuhftfling: and whereas by virtue *f the powers granted by the faid all of the fifth year of the reign of bit faid late majefty King George the Firjl fcveral fums ef money have been raifed in part of the faid three hundred and fixty thoufand pounds, by loans, to be repaid with inter eft at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, out of the faid particular fund of twenty m thoufand pounds per annum, and there now remains undifeharged of the faid loans, on the regifter thereof, the fum of ninety thoufand pounds principal money, over and above any monies ref trued in the exchequer for Jatisfying thereof; and there alfo remains to1 be raifed for the building the faid churches, and other the purpofbs aforejaid, the further fum of one hundred and three thoufand one hundred and forty pounds, to compleat the faid whole fum of three hundred and fixty thoufand pounds by the faid alt appointed to be raifed as aforefmi, and fubjeli thereto, and to the Jaid annuity of fevtnteen tboufimi three hundred eighty four pounds and four jbilfings, or other charges now payable to the South-Sea company, and redeemable on payment is the faid South-Sea company of the jum of four hundred thirty four thoufand fix hundred and five pounds, and alfo to the faid exchequer-hills, amounting to three hundred thirty eight thoufand eight hundred pounds as aforefaid, the furplus of the faid impofitions or duties is re-fervid for the difpofitibn of parliament: and whereas the governor and company of the bank of England have confmed and agreed te advance and pay into the receipt of your Majefty's exchequer the fm 1 of one million fevtn hundred ana fifty thoufand pounds, at the times and in manner herein after mentioned, for the purchafe of an amenity of feventy thoufand pounds to be payable to them and their JucceJfbrs for ever, fubjelt to redemption by parliament, to be charged on the faid duties and impofitions, Jit as the fame duties end impofitions be freed and difebarged firm all the former charges or incumbrances c thereon: now we your Majefty’s moil dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament afiembled, being willing and defirous not only to difeharge all the faid charges and incumbrances, but alfo to raife the neceflary fupplies which We have chearfullv granted to your Majefty, by means the moft eafy to your people, have freely and voluntarily given and granted, and by this aft do give and grant to your Majefty the fum of Qne million feven hundred and fifty thoufand pounds, to be raifed in fuch manner and form as is herein after direfted $ and to that end do moft humbly befeech your Majefty, that it may be enafted 3 and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent ms-

jtfy,

172$.] Anno primo Georgii II. flat. 2. C. 8.	457

jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament affcm-hled, and by the authority of the fame, That yearly and every After St. Tohn year, from and after the feaft-day of the nativity of Saint John Baptift in the year of our Lord one thoufand (even hun- ^uity of an' dredand twenty eight, a certain yearly fum or fund of feventy 79,0001. at 4 thoufand pounds, being after the rate of four pounds per centum per cent, to t»c per qumtm* for or upon the fum of .one million fevcn hundred and fifty thoufand pounds to be raifed by this adt, be fettled and pv&unent eftablifhed and be payable-in the manner and form herein after *	?

exprefied and declared, for fatisfying the annuities to be pur-chafed in purfvance of this aft from time to time, until redemption thereof by parliament, according to the provifo or provifoes herein after for that purpofe contained.

II. And it is hereby enadted by the authority aforefaid,That an<i charge-the faid yearly fund, or fum of feventy thoufand pounds, is and able on the (hall by virtue of this aft be charged and chargeable upon, and duty on coals, payable out of the monies, which from and jjfter the faid feaft-day of the nativity of Saint Jehu Baptift one thoufand feven, hundred and twenty-eight (hall from time to time arife into the exchequer, of or for the faid impoiitions or duties on coals and culm ft> granted as aforefaid.

Ill* And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That the governor and company of the bank of England (hall, and they are hereby required and enjoined to advance and pay into the 1,750,000 L receipt at his Majefty’s exchequer, the full and intire fum of ’	*

pne million feven hundred and fifty thoufand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, in manner following; that is to fay, pne moiety thereof on or before the fourth day of June which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufana feven hundred And twenty eight, and the other moiety thereof on or before the twenty fourth day of July which (hall be in the faid year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty, eight.

IV. And that in cafe die laid governor and company of the Bank making bank of England (hall make failure in payment of the faid fum failure in pay-of one million feven hundred and fifty thoufand pounds, or any may ** part thereof, contrary to the tenor of the directions hereby given or enadted for payment thereof* then the money whereof fuch failure in payment (hall be made, (hall and may be recovered in his Majefty’s name, for the ufes and purpofes of this adt, by adtion of debt or upon the cafe, bill, fuit or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVeftminjlcr, wherein no eflbin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance (hall be granted or allowed ; in which adtion, bill, fuit or information, it (hall be lawful to declare, that the (aid governor and company of the bank of England are indebted to his Majefly . the monies whereof they (hall have made default in payment, according to the form of this ftatute, and have not paid tho fame, which (hall be fuflicient; and in or upon fuch action, fuit, bill or information, there (hall be further recovered to his Majefty’s ufc, againft the faid governor and company of the 2	bank

On payment bant intitled to an annuity of 70,000 L

Treafury to fign orders for payment thereof.

The duties to be i flued upon the faid orders, as they come in.

Anno primo Georgii II. ftat. 2. C. S. [1728.

bank of England, damages after the rate of eight pounds per centum for the monies fo unpaid contrary to this alt, befides full cofts of fuit, and the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their capital (locks and funds, (hall be and are hereby made fubjeft and liable thereto.

V. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That on payment by the faid governor and company of the bank of England, of the faid fum of one million feven hundred and fifty thoufand pounds, at the times and in manner aforefaid, the faid governor and company, and their fucceflbrs and afliens, (hall be intitled to have, receive and enjoy, at the receipt or his Ma-jefty’s exchequer aforefaid, by and out of the faid yearly fund cftablithed as aforefaid, one annuity or yearly fum of (evenly thoufand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain* to commence from the twenty fourth, day of June which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty eight, and to be paid and payable to them, their fucceflbrs and aifigns, by even half-yearly payments, at the feaft of the nativity of our Lord Chrift, and the feaft of the nativity of Saint Jetn Baptifi in every year, by even and equal portions for ever, until redemption thereof by parliament, according to the provilbor

!>rovifoes herein after for that purpofe contained, and that the aid annuity or yearly fum of feventy thoufand pounds, and every part thereof, Audi be free from all manner of taxes, im-pofitions or charges whatfoever.

VI.	And for the better and more regular payment of the faid annuity of feventy thoufand pounds to the faid governor and company of the bank of England, their fucceflbrs and afligns for ever, funjeft to redemption as aforefaid, an order or orders (hall be figned by the commiflioners of the treafury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, for the payment thereof; and after the ligning thereof, the fame (hall be good, valid and efFeftual in the law, according to the purport and true meaning thereof, and of this aft, and (hall not be determinable by or upon the deaths or removal of any of the faid commiflioners of the treafury, or the lord high treafurer, or by or upon the determination of the power, office or offices of them, or any of them, nor (hall any commiflioners of the treafury, or lord high treafurer now or for the time being, have power to revoke, countermand, or make void fuch order or orders lb figned as aforefaid.

VII.	And for the more fpcedy payment of the faid annuity or yearly fum of feventy thoufand pounds to the faid governor ana company as aforefaid, it is hereby declared and enacted. That weekly or otherwife, as the money of the faid duties or impofitions (hall, from time to time, be brought into the receipt of exchequer, the fame (hall and may be iflued upon the faid order or orders, for or towards difehargine the faid annuity, to grow due for and at the end of the half-year in which fuch payment (hall be made, fo as fuch weekly or other payments,

459

ments, do not exceed the fum of the half-yearly payment,

. which (hould grow due for or at the end of every fuch half-year refpedively.

VIII.	And it is hereby enalied, That the faid annuity of fe- Annuity a venty thoufand pounds, and every part thereof, (hall be ad- peribnaldtate, judged to be a perfonal and not a real eftate, and (hall not be

liable to any foreign attachment; .any law or cuftom to the jcontrary notwithftanding.

IX.	And it is hereby enaded by the authority aforefaid, fv<:c:-nc:Mt That if at any time or times after the twenty fourth day of June ^ made good one thoufand feven hundred and twenty eight, the produce of out of the the faid impofitions on coals and culm (hall be fo low and de- finking hind, ficient, as that the monies arifen therefrom into the exchequer, at

the end of any of the faid half yearly feafts, (hall not be fuJRicient to pay and difcharge the half-year’s annuity then due and payable, according to the tenor and true meaning of this alt, then .and fo often and in every fuch cafe, the deficicncy-of any- fiich half-year (hall and may be fupplied out of the overplus monies •of the faid impofitions or duties arifing in any fubfequent half-year; and in ode at any time or times after the twenty fifth iday of Dicmbtr one thoufand feven hundred and twenty eight, fuch produce (hall be fo low and deficient at the end of

any one year (computing the fame to end at CbriJImas yearly) ...........

as that the feme (hall not be fufiicicnt to pay and difcharge the • ■ •

- whole year’s annuity then grown due, then every fuch yearly .deficiency (hall, from time to time, be anfweredand made good by and out of the.firft fupplies, which (hall be granted in 'parliament next after fuch deficiency, ihall appear; arid in cafe no fuch fupplies ihall :be granted within fix months next after fuch deficiency (hall happen, then the feme (hall be made good out of : any the monies which at any time or times (hall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the furplufles, excefies or .overplus monies commonly called The Sinking Fund (except fuch monies, of the feme finking fund, as are appropriated to ?py particular ufe or ufes by any former alt or ads of parliament in that behalf) and fuch monies of the faid finking fund (hall and may be, from time to time, iflued and applied accordingly.

X.	. Provided always, and be it enalted by the authority a- and replaced forefaid. That whatever monies (hall be fo iflued out of the out of the next faid finking fund, (hall from time to time be replaced by and frppb*' out of the firft fupplies to be then after granted in parliament.

XI.	Provided always, and be it enalted by the authority a- Surplus to lie forefaid. That in cale there (hall be any furplus or remainder referved for of the monies arifing by the faid duties, at the end of any one ^1^00^ year (computing the fame to end at CbriJImas yearly) after the

faid annuity of seventy thoufand pounds, and all arrears thereof are fetisfied, or money fuflicient (hall be referved for that pur-pore, fuch furplus or remainder (hall, from time to time be referved for the difpofition of parliament, and (hall not be iflued

6	but

4&0	Annoprimo Georoii II. fbt.2. c.8.	[172!.

but by authority of parliament, and as fliall be directed by future adt or atfs of parliament; any thing in any former or other adt or adts of parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

XII.	Provided always, and be it enadted by the authority a-Bj niriiiiment forefaid. That upon repayment by parliament to the faid go-ment, annuity vernor and company of the bank of England, and their fiiccef-redetmed. fors or afligns, of the laid fum of one million (even hundred

and fifty thoufands, without any dedudian, difcount or abatement whatfbever to be made out of the fame,' or any part thereof, and of all arrears of the faid annuity or yearly fum of feven-ty thoufand pounds, then and not till then, the laid annuity or yearly fum fliall from thenceforth ceafe and be undesftood to be redeemed; and from and after fuch redemption, the monies urifing from the faid impofltions and duties fliall not be iftiied or applied to any uie or.purpofe, but as flail be dire&ed by .future aft or adts of parliament 1 any thing fa this or in any .former aft or ads of parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.	• •

XIII.	And in ngard it is intended that tbs find paucity tr yearly Jam tf ftventy thoufand pounds, may bt redeemed by any payments not iefs than five hundred tbmfassd pounds at.0 thou, and that as tbs faid principal money /ball be paid off, the faid annuity Jball propor-

After *« Dec fionobiy Jink and be abated; be it.tberefbre provided and enadted 17*9. if pay.' by the authority aforefaid, That if at any time or times after meat be made the twenty fifth day of December one thoufand .feven hundred and twenty nine, payment be made to the laid governor and joo.eool.fo company of the bank of England of any Aim or fums of money 5	(not being left than five hundred thoufand pounds at a time)

in part of the faid principal fum at which the faid annuity is redeemable, and alfo if payment be then alfb made of all arrears of the faid annuity, then from and after every fuch payment fo made, fo much of the faid annuity, as (hall bear proportion to the monies fo paid in part of the faid whole principal fum, flail ceafe, determine, ana be underftood to be redeemed; any thing in this or in any former aft or ads of parliament to the contrary notwithftanduig.

XIV.	And be it further cnaded by the authority aforefaid. Bank to con- That the faid governor and company of the bank of Eng-nt?<m\iUt£e ^an^y an<* *^e*r tucceflbrs, (hall continue and be a corporation, whole fan be *nd flt*U enjoy all the capacities, powers, privileges and ad-redeemed. vantages to them as a.corporation belonging, until the com pleat

redemption of the whole of the faid annuity or yearly fum of feventy thoufand pounds, according to the before mentioned provimes for that purpofe; any former or other ftatqte to the contrary notwithftanding.

XV.	And tar the better enabling the faid governor and company of the bank of England at all times hereafter to fuppert their own and the publics credit, be it ena&ed by the authority

Bank nuy af- aforefaid. That all former powers or authorities heretofore grant-fignover their ed to them for affigniqg or otherwife difpofing of any annuities auaiutiet. or. capital flocks heretofore purchaftd by and now belonging to

them,

500,0001 much of the annuity to Ceafe.

4® i

them, (hall be and are hereby revived, continued and confirmed to them; and alfo that the laid governor and company lhall or may, and they are hereby impowered, at any time or time9 hereafter, to afiign, transfer, or otherwife to difpofe of the faid annuity or yearly fum of feventy thoufand pounds by this ad eftablifhed, every or any part or parcel, parts or parcels thereof, to any perfon or petfons, body or bodies politick or corporate, in fucli manner and form as the faid governor and company lhall think proper; fubjeft nevenhelefs to fuch redemption by parliament as aforefaid, and without power to inlarge their capital (lock by or out of the fame.

XVI.	And to the end, intent and purpofe, that all the pre-

fent charges and incumbrances on the laid impofitions herein before particularly dated may be regularly difeharged, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the commiuioners of Xreafurv to his Majefty’s treafury now being, or the lord high treafurer or difchsrg? all commiuioners df the treafiiry for the time being, (hall on or be- incumbrances fore the twenty fifth day of June one thoufand feven hundred tl!efe ”n* and twenty eight, by and out of the monies to be advanced by	Jf.

the faid governor and company of the bank of England on the out of the7mo-credit of this aft, or by and out of any other monies granted to nies advanced his/Majefty for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hun- bytlie bank, dred and twenty eight, provide and dhreft, that all the faid debts

and incumbrances be duly and regularly difeharged, by paying to the refpeftive proprietors thereof the feveral fums or moneys which after the application of the produce of the faid impofitions and duties to that time, according to the direftions of for- ' mer afts of parliament, (hall appear to be due for principal, in-tereft or annuity, premium or rate, or other purpofes aforementioned, and by cancelling all the feid exchequer-bills; and that from and after fuch payment, or referving in the exchequer money Aifficient for tnat purpofe, to be payable on demand to the proprietors of the (aid debts and incumbrances, all and every the faid former annuities or funds, fo charged on the faid duties and impofitions for the purpofes aforefaid, (hall ceafe and determine, and the fame duties and impofitions (hall for ever after be difeharged therefrom; any thing in any former aft of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII.	And whereas the before mentioned fum of one hundred and three thoufand one hundred and forty pounds^ remaining due and to be raifedfor compleating the fum of three hundred and fixty thoufand pounds by the faid aft of the fifth year of the reign of his faid late majefly King George the F'trfl, is by tie faid aft appointed to be raifd only from time to timey as the tommijponers for building the fatd churches JhsuiJ certify the fame to be wanting, and the whole

thereof need not be iff'ued for• fame time: be h therefore enafted, Th? ie-pl:4o\

That for the making the bed ufe thereof in the mean time for by S

the benefit of the publick, the faid futii of one hundred and Jut of the

three thoufand one hundred and forty pounds, or fo much as^ money ad-

Midfummer one thoufand feven hundred and twenty right (hall vanced by the

remain unnftfed for the purpofes aforefaid, lhall then be laken.b31}^ ■«*■<*-r ^	9	t	ded to the t*-

1 grt;pte fond.

462	Anno primo GeoRGII II. flat. 2. c. 8.	[1728.

out of the faid purchafe money to be advanced by the faid go-vernor and company of the bank of England, or out of the other monies granted for the fupply of the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty eight, and (hall be added to the produce of the fund commonly called the aggregate fund, for the quarter ending at Midfummer one thoufand feven hundred and twenty eight, and (hall be iflued and applied as part of the faid pro-duce, in the fame manner as fuch produce is or (hall be made applicable by ad of parliament, and that fuch application thereof (hall be deemed and taken as a regular difcharge thereof with* in the true intent and meaning of this ad.

Treafury to XVIII. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That iirue out of the in lieu thereof the commiflioners of the treafury now or for the fereTofthat tl,nc	or	l°rd	high	treafurer	for the time being, (hall

fund, (6 much an(* they have hereby power from time to time to iflue out of as ftiall be the growing produce of the faid aggregate fund, fuch fum and wanting for fums of money as (hall from time to time be wanting for the tnatiervice. fervices to which the faid fum of one hundred and three thoufand one hundred and forty pounds was applicable, in the fame manner as they were impowered to raife the fame by the faid ad of the fifth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, fo as the whole of the monies fo to be iflued out of the faid aggregate fund, do not exceed the fum which (hall have been placed to the (aid aggregate fund purfuant to the diredions aforefaid.

XIX.	And whereas hy virtue of an a£t of parliament made in the 9Geo.i. c. 6. ninth year of the reign of bis faid late majejiy King George the Firft (for reviving and adding tw6 millions to the capital/lock of the South-Sea company) the whole capital Jlock of the faid company being then computed at thirty three millions eight hundred and two thoufand four hundred and eighty three pounds fourteen jhillings and one half penny, was divided into two equal parts, and one moiety thereof, therein Jlatcd to amount to jixteen millions nine hundred and one thoufand two hundred and forty one pounds feventeen JbiUings and one farthing, was to be ana remain the capital Jlock of the faid South-Sea company; and the other moiety thereof, amounting to the like fum of fixteen millions nine hundred and one thoufand two hundred and forty one pounds feventeen Jhillings and one farthing, was converted into a joint Jlock, attended with annuities after the rate offive pounds per centum per annum, until the twenty fourth day of June one thoufand fiven hundred and twenty feven, and from thenceforth with annuities at four pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament, and transferable at the South-Sea company, and by the fame a& it was provided. That after the feajl of the nativity of Saint John Baptift in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty feven, the fame Jlocls might be redeemed by any payments, net being Jefs than five hundred thou fand pounds at a time; and that fuel payments JboitU from time to time be applied either to-, Wjirds djjlhargiug the principal fums which Jhould belong to tic faid . . .	South-Sea company in their own right, or towards difeharging the

.' . prindpiU juith of the faid South-S.ea annuities % or towards dijiharg-

. ■...................................... “	'	W

4^3

17a 8.] Anno primo Georoii II. flat. a. c. 8.

ing as well the faii principal fums of the faid company, as of the faid South-Sea annuities, in fuch proportions, manner and form as9 Jhould be prefcribed by the rcfpeftive a ft or afts of parliament for furnijbing Juch fums; therefore and to the intent that the hud fum of four hundred thirty-four thoufand fix hundred and five pounds, herein before dire&ed to be paid to the faid South-Sea company, may be made up to a fum of five hundred thoufand pounds, agreeable to the intentions of the faid a& of parliament, and that the application thereof may be regularly directed, be it therefore further enaCted by the authority aforefaid.

That at the fame time as the faid four hundred thirty-four 500,0001. of thoufand fix hundred and five ^pounds lhall be ifTued and paid jjou5h~*^k to the faid South-Sea company, purfuant to the directions here-in before given for that purpofe, there (hall alfo be ifTued and paid to them, by and out of the monies which (hall then be in the receipt of exchequer of the faid finking fund, the further fum of fixty-five thoufand three hundred and ninety-five pounds, which together with the faid fum of four hundred thirty-four thoufand fix hundred and five pounds, will complete and make up a fum of five hundred thoufand pounds, for the redemption of a proportionable part of the annuities attending their whole principal monies, whether in capital flock or annuity flock ; and that two hundred and fifty thoufand pounds, being one moiety or half-part of the faid fum of five hundred thoufand pounds fo made up as aforefaid, fhall go and be applied to and in difeharge of fo much of the principal due to tne faid company, in refpeCt of that part of their debt which remains capital flock of the faid company; and the remaining two hundred and fifty thoufand pounds mall go and be applied to and in difchaqge of fo much of the principal due in refpeCt of that part of their whole flock, as was fo as aforefaid, converted into a joint flock of South-Sea annuities; and that from and after fuch payment as aforefaid, a proportional part of the annuities payable to the South-Sea company, whether in their own right, or in truft for the proprietors of the faid South-Sea annuities, fhall fink and be abated.

XX.	And whereas by an aft of parliament made and pajfed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his Jaid late majefly King George the isGeo.i.c.zz. Firjly For enlarging the times for hearing and determining claims by the truflees for railing money upon the eftates of the late directors of the South-Sea company, and others, it was amongft other things enact ed9 That the court of directors of the laid company Jbouldy after the twenty fifth day of March one thoufand Jeven hundred and twenty eighty caufe all and every part of the South-Sea flock and South-Sea annuities, remaining any wife in the right of or in truft for the faid company, to be divided out and djflributcd as near as might be, to and among the proprietors of the flock of the faid com-pany9 at fuch time or times, and in fuch manner and form, as the general court of thefaid company Jboidd from time to time judge to be mofl practicable and convenient: and whereas the faid company have9 or are intitled in their own rights as a company, to greater fums both , . . h .

464-	Anno	jJrimo	(JeoRgii	II. flat. 2. c. 4:	£172$.

of South-Sea flock and South-Sea annuities undijlrtbutei among their other proprietors* than the fend ptm of five hundred thoufand pounds fo made up as aforefaid, will be fuffjcient to fatisfy or redeem» and it would be more convenient for the jaid company, and for the re-fpeflive proprietors of the faid flock or annuities, that the Jaid Jim of Jive hundred thoufand pounds Jbould be applied, as far as toe fame will extend to the redemption and difcharge of the faid flock and annuities unJiflributed as aforefaid> preferably to the redemption of any other parts of the jaid flocks or annuities already diftributed to the South-Sea rejpeftive proprietors thereof: be it therefore enabled by the au-company to itiority aforefaid, That tne faid South-Sea company, upon reapply the ceipt of the faid fum of five hundred thoufend pounds fo made redeem their V? as aforefaid, (hall apply the fame in equal moieties as afore* undiftributed faid, as far as the fame will extend, to the difcharge or redemp-ffock i tion of fuch parts of the faid South-Sea ftock or South-Sea annuities, as at the time of fuch receipt (hall belong to the laid company, in their own right as a company, and undiftributed amongft the other proprietors of fuch ftocks or annuities, and (hall not be obliged to apply or divide out any part thereof to or amongft any other the proprietors of the faid ftocks or annuities, towards redemption of any part of their refpeftive (hares or interefts in the fame ftocks or annuities; any former law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding. and to dif- XXI. Provided always. That the monies fo to be paid to the charge debts, faid South-Sea company, maybe afterwards ufed or imployed by the faid company, to the difehar^ing or paying any debts, dividends, or other lervices of the faid company, in the fame manner as any other monies or caih of the (aid company mav Or ought to be imploved; any thifig herein, or in the faid laft mentioned aft of parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

7	Ann. c. 7. XXII. Jnd whereas in purfuance of a certain act of parliament made and puffed in the jcventh year of the reign of her late majefly %uun Anne, intituled* An aft for enlarging the capital ftock of the bank of England, and for railing a further fupply to her Majefty for the fcrvice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and nine, the [aid governor and company of the bank of England did become iniiiled to a certain annuity or yearly fttm of one hundred and fix thoufand five hundred and one pounds thirteen Jhillings and five pence, being after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum, for or in rejpeft of the fum of one million fivett hundred feven-ty five thoufand and twenty feven pounds fevcntcen fallings and ten pence halfpenny, being the amount of certain exchequer-bills by the faid ccl directed to be delivered up by the faid goi>emcr and company to be cancelled, which annuity was thereby charged on certain duties on houfes therein mentioned, and was made redeemable by parliament on Repayment to the faid governor and eombany of the faid fum of one million feven hundred ftventy Jive thoufand and twenty feven pounds feventeen Jhillings and ten pence halfpenny: and whereas by fubfequent aJts of parUarHent the faid annuity was, by and with the content of the faid bank of England reduced* and particularly by an aft mam xa Geo.t. c. 9. \n the eleventh year of the reign of'his faid bate majefty King Geoige

tit

aH

$728.1 Anno primo Georgii IT. flat. 2. c. 8*

the Pir/lj intituled, An ad for continuing the feveral annuities of eighty eight thoufand feven hundred and fifty one pounds feven (hillings and ten pence halfpenny, and one hundred thoufand pounds, to the bank of England untii Midfummer one thoufand feven hundred and twenty feven, and from thence for (reducing the fame to feventy one thoufand and one pound two (hillings and three pence three farthings, and eighty thoufand pounds, redeemable by parliament, ana for preventing the uttering of forged, counterfeited or erafed bank bills or notes, it tups amongft other things enabled* That from and after the feaft-day of Saint- John Baptift in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven iundred and twenty feven, the faid annuity Jhould ceafe and determine, and the faid governor and company Jhould have and enjoy y in lietl thereof one annuity of Jeventy one thoufand and one pound two fttil-lings and three pence three farthings for ever fubjebl neverthelefs to redemption by parliament, on payment to the faid governor and com-pany of the principal funi above-mentioned; and it Was thereby provided and enabled, That if at any time or times payment Jhould be made of any fum or fums of money (not being left than Jive hundred thoufand pounds at a time) in part of the faid principal fum* then from and after fuch payment fo made, fo much of the faid annuity* as Jhould bear proportion to the money fo paid in part of the faid principal, Jhould cedfiy determiney and be abated* as by the faid feveral able of parliament (relation being thereunto had) more fully and at large oath and may appear; now to the intent that the fum of one million may be raifed and applied towards redeeming a proportional part of the faid lad mentioned annuity, in the manner herein after mentioned, be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefeid* That by or out of fuch monies as are or (hail ba in Out of the the receipt of exchequer, of the furplufiesy excefies or overplus finking fund monies, commonly called the finking fund, arifen or to ariie at *2 ^ P™*to or from the feaft of the nativity of Saint John Baptift which (hall redeeming be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and annuities5 twenty eight (after payment of, or relerving fufficient to pay* auarterly till (uch monies as have been directed by this or any former ad of t‘ic payments fds of parliament to be paid out of the faid furplufies, exceflbs or overplus monies) there (hall be iflued, paid and applied to s^*Geo.i# the faid governor and company of the bank of England* at the c. 3. faid feaft-day, and afterwards quarterly, from time to time as . the (ame (hall arife, fuch fum or fums of money as (hall on fuch quarter-day be in die faid receipt of exchequer* for or towards the redeeming the faid lad mentioned annuity, until the fame payments (hall in the whole amount to the principal fum of one million; and1 that as the faid payments of the principal money (hall be from time to time made, a proportional pax t of the faid annuity attending thereon (hall alfo from time to time ceafe and determine, for the benefit of the puhlick.

XXIII* Provided always, and be it ena&ed by the authority The overplus aforefaid, That all the monies which (hall arife for the faid fur- °f d* finding piaffes*excefies and overplus monies commonly called the fink- ^fat^ftodif ing food (over and beyond what will fatisfy and pay the feveral 5,ar«e debts *

Vol. XV.	H h	fums	incurred be-

466	Anno	pritrto GfeoRGfi II. ftdt.2. c. S; [1728;

fore 15 Dec ftims before mentioned, and fuch other charges as have been *71*.	heretofore	made	thereon	by	authority of parliament) (hall be

appropriated, referved and applied to and for the further dif-charging the principal and intereft of fuch national debts and incumbrances, as were incurred before the twenty fifth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and fixteefl> and are declared to be national debts, and were provided for by aft or aft* of parliament, in fuch manner and form as (hall be direfted by any future act or ads of parliament, to be drfeharged therewith or out of the fame, and to and for no other ufe, intent or pur-pofc whatfoever.

• XXIV. And whereas in and by a certain aft of parliament made 13 Geo. 1. c. 3-nr the thirteenth year of the reign of bis faid late majtfiy King George the Firfly For redeeming fundry annuities transferrabie at the bank of England, it was amongjl other things enaftedy That certain lottery-tickets therein mentioned, amounting to one hundred and three thenfand t wo hundred and feventy-two pounds and ten Jhil-lings9 then lying as cajh in the exchequer, on the head of the Jinking fund, of the annuity given for the Jams, or any part thereofy might be ajfigned or transferred to fuch perfon or perfons, as, being pro-prictors of certain /landing orders made out for certain debentures for the fttfferers at Nevis and Saint Chriftophers, fhould voluntarily deliver up to be cancelled the like or equal fum or fums in any of the faid debenture orders; and by the fame aft the time for taking in Jucb orders, in order to be cancelled, was limited to any time before the twenty fourth day of June one tbmfand feven hundred and twenty feven, as by the faid recited aft, relation thereto being had, more fully may appear: and whereas in purfuance of the faid afty feveral of the faid /landing orders were fattsfied and difeharged by and out ofpart of the faid fum of one hundred and three thoufand two hundred and feventy two pounds and ten fhillingSy fo lying as cafh in the exchequer 5 but the time thereby limited for exchanging the fame being too fborty fevtral perfons who were and are willing andt dtfirous to accept of the remainder thereof in fatisfaftion of the faid debenture orders, are excluded from the benefit thereof; be it therefore enaft-Standing or- ed by the authority aforefaid. That all and every the powers, dors for fuf- authorities and directions, given in and by the faid ad of par-^amcnt for or relating to the cancelling and difeharging the faid cTiilItophers finding debentures, by or out of the faid lottery-tickets, or the may bf de- annuity given for the fame, (hall be and are hereby renewed, livcred up for ratified and confirmed, and (hall remain, continue and be in ^orcc an(* to *ntcnts and purpofes, until the whole e	of the faid fum of one hundred and three thoufand two hundred

and feventy two pounds and ten (hillings, (hall be actually iflued or applied to the cancelling and difeharging of an equal or like principal fum in the faid (landing debenture orders.

PrQvilb.	XXV.	Provided always, That the perfon or perfons who

*	(hall accept or take the annuity given for the faid lottery-tickets

in lieu and fatisfaftion of any principal fum or fums, contained in any (landing order or orders to be delivered up to be can* celled, (hall not be intitled to any more of the annuity attend*

tng

1728.] Anno prime Georgii II. flat. a. c. 8.

ins thereon, than what (hall be grown due from and after the half-yearly feaft day, on which the fame is payable, which (hall be next preceding the time of delivering up and cancelling of fuch debenture order or orders’* to which faid feaft-day the in-tcreft then due on fuch order or orders (hall be paid out of the produce of the fund, 011 which the fame is now charged or» chargeable.

XaVI. And whereas in pursuance of an aft of parliament made xGeo.i. and pajfed in the firjl year of she reign of his late tnajcjly King George the Firjl* of glorious memory* intituled, An aft for enlarging the fund of the governor and company of the bank of Eng-hud relating to exchequer-bills, and for fettling an additional revenue of one hundred and twenty thoufand pounds per annum upon his Majefty, during his life, for the fervice of the civil government; and for dtablifhing a certain fund of fifty four thoufand fix hundred pounds per annum* in order to raife a fum hot exceeding nine hundred and ten thoufand pounds, for the fervice of the publiefc, by Tale of annuities, after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum* redeemable by parliament; and for fatisfying an arrear for work and materials at Blenheim* incurred hilft that building was carried on at the expence of her jate majefty Queen Anna*,of bleffed memory, and for other purports thereih mentioned, his faid late Majejly* s civil lijl revenues were for fome time fated at Michaelmas yearly only* and the over-plus* appearing by the faid yearly computations above feven hundred thoufand pounds per annum, lOas once in every year brought to the •account of and made part of the fund called the aggregate fund: and whereas by an aft of parliament made and payed in the ninth 96s*-1; year of his faid late Majefty s reign, intituled* An ait fot redeeming certain annuities now payable by the cafhier of the bank of England* at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum* the fund called the finking fund (whereof the furplus of the aggregate fund is part) was from Michaelmas one thoufandfeven hundred andtwenr iy two* direfted to be computed and ftated half yearly* to. wit, at Lady-day and Michaelmas in every,year \ and the overplus of the faid civil Ujl revenues in the ha f-yearly ftates, which* fence Michaelmas one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two* have been made .thereof* hath been brought to the account of the faid aggregate fund*

•.to and for the half year ended at Lady-day one thoufand feven hundred and twenty feven and no further; for that his faid latb Majejly dying on the eleventh Jay of June one thoufand feven hundred and -twenty feven* his civil lift revenues from and after that day ceafed+

. and no half-yearly furplus can or ought to be computed thereon: and ,whereas nevirtheiejs*' fome dcubis and queftions have been made* wbethtr the monies remaining in the receipt of his faid late Majefty*s exchequer, at the time of his dtmife* or which have been ftnee paid into the J'aid receipt* arifen of or for his faid lato Majefty s civil lift revenues* become and grown due during the life-time of kis faid late . Majejly, could be applied to the payment ojihe debts due to his faid late Majejly*s fervants* traJt/men and others * for the obviating and clearing which doubts, be it enacted and declared by the

H h ‘2 '	autho-

4*7

flat, ft

. 468	Anno	primo	GEORGIIII. ftat. 2.	£172$#

Debts of the authority afbrefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for UtbeoSdh°W comm‘ffi°ncrs °f his Majefty’s treafury or any three or more to paid. 0f tjiem now an<j t|jC high treafurer or any three or more ctf the commiflioners of the treafufy for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and required, from time to time, to iffue or caufe to be HTued, the monies fo arifen or to arife into the faid receipt of the exchequer, of or for the civil lift revenues of his faid late Majefty, for and towards difcharging and paying to his faid late Majefty’s fervants, tradefmen and others* fuch aims of money as ware due to them at the time of his late Majefty’s demife, at fuch times and in fuch manner as (hall be found neceflary and convenient.

CAP. IX.

An aft for granting an aid to bis Majefty of Jhi hundred tboufand founds, towards difcharging wages due to framea*

; and for the conftani* regular anipunBual payment of fea-mens wages for the future•* and for appropriating tbcfup* plus granted in this prefent feffion of parliament \ and for difpofing of the furplus of the money granted for half-pay* for the year one tboufand feven hundred and twenty feven.

Mod gracious Sovereign*

WHERE A S feveral juft and neceffary meafures were, upsn account of the late perplexed and iifturbed fituation of affairt in Europe, entred into and concerted between your Majefty9s late royal father, of glorious memory, and your good allies; and in order to preferve arid reftore the peace of Europe, and to feeure the trade, navigation and other valuable rights and poffejftons of thefe kingdoms, great fleets were ifttployed abroad in divers remote parts, whereby a great arroar or debt has been contrasted for the fervice of the navy, and particularly on the head of feamens wages > and your Majefiy having notv, by the bhfftng of God on your care and concern for the general good, fo far obtained a fettlement of affairs abroad, as that ■there is no pirefent occafion for imploying fo great number of feamen in 'your Majefty's fervice; and the immediate payment of the faid arrears •of wages is judged advifeable, not only as it will fave and prevent a further great expence, but alfo as it will render a regulary constant andpun final pajment of feamens wages more practicable and tap for the future; which will be an encouragement to able and experienced feamen, at all times hereafter, to enter themfehes voluntarily into your Majefty9s fervice, when occafion Jhall require the fame; and your Mo-jtfty's moft dutiful and loyal fubjeSts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament affembled, having taken your Majeftfs moft gracious recommendation from the throne into their moft Jerious confederation* have for thefe pierpofes freely and unantmoufty given and granted fo your Majefty the fum of five hundred tboufand pounds, to be raifed in manner herein after mentioned \ we do thereby moft humbly beftech your Majefty that it may be enabled* and be it enabled by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-

feat

4*9

1729.] Anno primo Georqii II. flat. 2. c. 9.

font of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this

?refcnt parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame,

'hat it ihall and may be lawful to and for the King’s mod ex- Loans or excellent majefty, by warrant or warrants under his royal fign chequer bills manual, to authorize and impower the commiffioners of hist0 t"e ®f Majefty’s treafury, now or for the time being, or any three or £e°made bet more of them, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, at fore *5 Dec. any time or times before the twenty fifth day of December which 17*1.

(hall be in the year of our Lord one thouland feven hundred and twenty eight, to caufe or diredt any loans to be taken or received at his Majefty’s exchequer, from any perfon or per-fons, natives or foreigners, body or bodies politick or corporate, or any number of exchequer bills to be made out there for any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in loans and exchequer bills together in the whole the ium of five hundred thouland pounds, in the fame or like manner, form, and order, and according to the lame or like rules and directions, as in and by a certain a& of this prefent feflion of parliament (for continuing; the duties on malt, mum, cyder and perry, for the fer-vice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty eight)

*re enacted and preferibed, concerning the loans or exchequer bills to be made in purfuance of the fame ad.

All claufes io the malt ad to be extended to the loans and exchequer- bills to be made by this ad. Loans to bear intereft at ▲ I. per cent. Thefe loans and bills chargeable on the firft aids granted after 19 September sysS. or on the finking fund. The monies out of the finking fund to be replaced. EXP.

VI.	And to the end, intent and purpofe, that as well all ar- All monies years of feamens wages, as their growing wages, may be conr flantly, regularly and punctually paid, be it ena<fted by the au-thority aforefaid. That not only as to fuch monies, as have been (hall be ap-granted in this feifion of parliament for the fervice of the navy, lied for thofe but alfo as to fuch fupplies, as ihall be hereafter granted in par- fervices. Jiament for thofe fervices, .fuch parts or proportions thereof, as ihall be on the head of feamens wages, (hall from time to time be iflued and applied for thofe fcrvkes conftantly, regularly and punctually, in manner following-, that is to fay, when and fo pften as any of the (hips of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors. The method * ihall have been in fea pay fix whole months, to commence or <>f paying the be computed from the firft day of July one thoufand feven hun- camcn* dred and twenty eight, or any time after, in cafe fuch (hips (hall then be in any port of Great Britain, not in order to be dif-charged, or on the coaft of the fame, the captain or commander thereof (hall, immediately after the end of the faid fix months* make or caufe to be made out, pay lifts containing the names of the inferior officers, and able ana ordinary feamen, belonging, to the (hip under his command, and (hall fend the laid lifts, fo made out, to the commiffioners of the navy for the time being, who are hereby directed and required to caufe immediate payment to be iPad? of two months wages to fuch inferior officers

and

A7*

Annoprimo Georgii II. ftat. 2. C. 9.	[1728.

ami able and ordinary feamen or to their refpedive attorney or attorneys duly authorized to receive the fame, deducting therer out whatever money (hall have been paid on account of the faid wages by way of advance: and in cafe any of the faid (hips, that (hall have been fix months in fea pay as aforefaid, (hall be then in any port of Ireland, or abroad in foreign parts, the captain or commander of fuch (hip (hall, immediately after the end of the faid fix months, mutter his crew or company, and enter the names of fuch inferior officers and able and ordinary feamen who (hall defire to have their wages paid at home in Great Bri tain, into pay lifts as aforefaid, and ihall fend and tranfmit the faid pay lifts to the commiffioners of the navy for the time being, who are hereby dire&ed and required, within one month after they ihall have received the faid pay lifts, to caufe payment to be made of two months wages, with luch deduction as afore-/aid, to the attorney or attorneys of fuch perfon or perfons duly authorized to receive the fame: and the laid commiffioners are hereby dire&ed and required to give timely notice in the gazette of the time appointed by them for fuch payment: and when and fo often as any of the faid (hips (hall have been twelve months in fea pay, then other pay lifts (hall be made out, fent and tranfmitted, and two months wages paid thereon in the planner aforefaid ; and fo from time to time, at the end of cvciy enfuing fix months, fuch pay lifts (hall be made out and transmitted, and two months wages paid thereon as aforefaid, until the faid (hips (hall be finally paid off: and for the refidue of their wages, the fame (hall be paid in manner following; that is to fay, .as to all fuch of his Majefty's (hips or veflejs, as fliall return home in order to be laid up, tne wages due to the officers and feamen ferving on board ot any fuen (hip of veflel (hallbe entirely paid off within two months after the arrival of Rich (hip or veflel in the port where the fame is defigned to be laid up: and as to allother (hips or veflels in his Majefty’s fervipe, tne .wages due to the officers and fe?meh (hallbe paid as follows'; that is to fay, when fuch (hips or veflels have been eighteen months in .fea pay, then the wages dqe fqr the* firft twelve months thereof, deducting thereout whoever moneys (hall have been before paid by way of advance or bttyerwife, in part or on account of the faid twelve months wages, (hall be paid within two months after or fo foon after as any fuch (hip or veflel (hall put into any port of this realm, where his Majefty’s (hips are ufually paid; and fo toties quoties, as often as they (hall have been eighteen months in fea pay, beyond the time to which their wages (hall have been cleared, twelve months wages more (hall be paid in like manner.

*8 days to be	VII. And it is hereby drclared, That the computation of the

reckoned to faid months wages (hall b$ by reckoning twenty eight days to the month, the month, according to the ufual courfe or practice of the naw.

Claufeofap. VlII. Provided glways, and be it ena<fted by the authority propriation. aforefaid, That all the monies coming into the exchequer either

by

1728.] Anno primo Georgii II. flat 2. C. 9;

by loans or exchequer bills, upon one a& of this fefTion of par*

1 lament^ intituled. An ail for continuing the duties upon malt, mum91 Geo. 1. ftat. cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England, and *• c* *• for granting to his Majjfly certain duties upon malt, muw9 cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the fervice pf the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty eighty and for making good the deficiency of a late malt aft9 and fo much money, if any fiich he, of the duties thereby granted or continued, as (hall arife and remain after all the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made on the fame ad, and all theintereft,^r^r/w/ww,or rate and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for .railing the (aid duties, (hall be fatisfied, or money fufficient lhall be re* ferved to difeharge the fame ; and all the monies coming into the exchequer either by loans or exchequer bills, upon one other pft of this fefllon of parliament, intituled. An ail for granting atf , qco ^ aid to his Majejly by a land-tax to be raifedin Great Britain for the c. 5. fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty eighty and fo much money, if any luch be, of the tax thereby granted, as (hall arife and remain, after all the loans or exchequer blls made or to be made on the fame ad, and all the intcreft, premium or rate and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for raifing the faia land-tax (hall be fatisfied, or money fufficient (hall be referved in the exchequer to difeharge the fame; and the fum of one million feven hundred and fifty thoufand pounds to be advanced by the governor and company of the bank of Eng-land, for the purchaie of an annuity of feventy thoufand pounds redeemable by parliament, and charged on certain impofitions or duties on coals and culm by virtue of another ad of this pre-fent feilion of parliament; ana all the monies coming into th$ exchequer, either by loans or exchequer bills upon this ad, and the fum of fifteen thoufand feven hundred fifty fev.en pounds fifteen (hillings, remaining in the receipt of his Majefty's exchequer on arrears of former land taxes, (hall bp appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the feveral ufes, intents and purpofes herein exprefied* fubjed ne-verthelefs to fuch reftridtiops as are herein after prescribed; that is to fay, it is hereby enaded and declared. That out of all or 1,4*5,5641, any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there (hall and may be ifiiied 14s. for aha applied any fum or fums of money not exceeding one mil- naval fervices, lion four hundred eighty five thoufand five hundred fixty one pounds fourteen (hillings and nine pence, for or towards the par val fervices herein after more particularly exprefled j that is tq fay, five hundred thoufand pounds, part thereof, for or towards paying off and difeharging Teamens wages, and the refidue there-: of for or towards defraying the charge of the ordinary of hi^

Majefty’s navy, and for halt-pay to fea-officers, and for and towards victual, wages, wear and tear of the navy, and the victualling thereof, performed and to be performed, and for or to-? wards fea-fervices in the office of ordnance performed and tq ^>e performed, and for or towards other fervices of the navy performed apd to be performed.	,

r......	-	r	tfb*	JX,Pr*

10,0001. for Greenwich

Hoipitai'

*97i704l. 3*-6 d. 3-q. for the office of the ordnance for land fer-vices.

M70,i$3l.

>7 s. a d. 3 q. for the land-force?.

Anno primo Georgii II. flat. 2. c. 9.	[1728.

IX.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority a-forefaid, That for the further encouragement of Teamen to enter voluntarily into his Majefty’s fervice, it (hall and may Be lawful for his Majefty to order and direct any fom or futns of money, not exceeding in the whole the fum of ten thoufand pounds, part of the faid fum of one million four hundred eighty five thoufand five hundred fixty one pounds fourteen (hillings and nine pence, to be iflued and applied in aid of the fund already appointed for the fupport of the royal hofoital at Green-tvich, for the better maintenance 6f the feamen or the laid hofpi-tal, worn out and become decrepit in the fervice of their country, and for enabling the commiflioners of the faid hofpital to defray the expence of taking in and maintaining an additional number of two hundred and twenty fuch difabled feamen, and other expences of the faid hofpital for the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty eight.

X.	And it is hereby alfo enabled, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there (hall and may be iflued and applied any fum or fums of money, pot exceeding one hundred ninety feven thoufand feven hundred and four pounds three (hillings and fix pence three farthings, for or towards defraying the charge of the office of his Majefty’s ord* pance for land-fervices performed and to be performed, and for defraying the extraordinary expence of ordnanpe (lores fent to Gibraltar, Port Mahon, and additional arms delivered to the forces in the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty feven, and not provided for by parliament.

XI.	And it is hereby likewife enabled, That out of all or liny the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there (hall or may be iflued and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the fum of one million three hundred feventy thoufand one hundred eighty three pounds feventcen (hillings and two pence three farthings, for or towards maintaining his Majefty’s land forces, and other Cervices herein after more particularly exprefled 3 that is to fay, any fum hot exceeding feven hundred eighty fix thoufand nine hundred feventy four pounds two (hillings and nine pence, for defraying the charge of twenty two thoufand nine hundred fifty five men, including commiflion and non-commiflion officers, and invalids, for guards, garrifons, and fix independent companies for the fervice of the Highlands, and other his Majefty’s land-forces in Qreat Britain, Guemfey and Jerfey, and other fervices relating to the forces, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty eight; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding one hundred fifty eight thoufand and nine pounds ten (hillings and eleven pence, for maintaining his Majefty’s forces and garrifons in the plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, and for provisions for the garrifons at Annapolis Royal, Placentia and Gibraltar, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty eight z and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding ten tnoufana eight fiuftdred fofty feven pounds fiftcep (hiljtogs, Upon account

3	•	fa

■1728.] Anno primo Georgii I. ftat. 2. c.9. ,	473

for out-penfioners of Chelfea Hofpital for the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty eight; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding (a) fifty thoufand four hundred twenty eight C4*) Five wr pounds lixteen (hillings and ten pence three farthings, for de- recw4* fraying feveraj extraordinary cxpences and fervices incurred and not provided for by parliament, relating to the extraordinary . provifions for Gibraltar, and for the hofpital and other fervices at Gibraltar, and for tranfportation of forces, between the Bri-tijh and Irijh eftablifhments, for feveral Irijb regiments ferving at Gibraltar, and for making roads, and other fervices in North Britain ; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding fifty eight thoufand pounds upon account of half-pay to the reduced officers of his Majefty’s land-forces and marines for the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty eight; fubjedt neverthelefs to fuch rules to be obferved in the application of the faid halfpay, as are herein after prefcribed concerning the fame; and the fum of two hundred thirty thoufand nine hundred twenty three pounds eleven (hillings and eight pence; for defraying the expence of twelve thoufand HeJJians, taken into his Majefty’s pay, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty eight; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding fifty thoufand pounds for one year’s fubfidy to the King of Sweden, purfuant to a treaty dated the fourteenth day of March pne thoufand feven hundred and twenty fix ; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding twenty five thoufand pounds for pne year’s fubfidy to the duke of Brunfwick Lunenburg Wolfen-buttely purfuant to a treaty dated the twenty fifth day of November one thoufand feven hundred and twenty feven.

XII.	And it is hereby alfo enabled. That out of all or any Sums appro* the fupplies provided as aforefaid, there (hall and may be iflued priated for and applied any fum or fums of money not exceeding two hun-dred (evenly nine thoufand three hunared and fixty pounds one fide^icsT ' (hilling ana a penny three farthings, towards making good the deficiency of tfie grants for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty feven, and any fum or fums of money not exceeding thirty three thoufand fix hundred and eleven pounds five (hillings and four pence half-peny, to make good the deficiency of the fund commonly called the general fund* for railing feven hundred twenty four thoufand eight hundred forty four pounds fix (hillings and ten pence one filth part of a peny Gco-1. te A per annum, for the year ended at Michaelmas one thoufand (even 5	*

hundred and twenty feven; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding ninety thoufand pounds, to fatisfy and difeharge the feveral principal fums due on the regifter for loans at the exchequer, in purfuance of an acl of the fifth year of the reign of his Jate majefty King George the Firft (for continuing certain duties upon coals and culm, towards railing the fum of three hundred and fixty thoufand pounds, granted by the faid a<5l, forbuildins of new churches and other purpofes therein mentioned) and any fum or fums of money not exceeding one hundred and three thousand ope bundreq and forty pounds to fatisfy and difeharge fo

much

474	Anoo primo Georgii I. Hat. 2. c. 9;	[1728.

much of the faid Turn of three hundred and fixty thoufand pounds, granted by the faid ad of the fifth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, as has not been raifed by loans or otherwife in pursuance of the fame ad ; and the fum of four hundred thirty four thoufand fix hundred and five pounds to redeem the annuity of feventeen thoufand three hundred eighty four pounds four (hillings payable to the South S/<? company, in refped of the like fum fubferibed into their (lock, part of the principal fum of five hundred thoufand pounds, payable on the benefit tickets in the lottery eftabli(hed by the laid ad of the fifth year of the reign of his faid late majefty Kine George the Firft, and charged on the faid duties on coals and culm , and any fum or fums of money not exceeding three hundred thirty eight thoufand eight hundred pounds to difeharge and cancel the feyeral exchequer bills made forth in purfuance of an ad of parliament made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, intituled. An aft jor granting to his Majefty the fum of three hundred and fevenly thou-fund pounds to he raijed by loans or exchequer bills, to be charged on the fur plus monies of the duties on coals and culm, granted by an aZl of the fifth year of his Majefiy's reign,for a term of years, and fifice made perpetual.

*»,ooo 1. on XIII. And be it enaded, That out of the laid aids or fupt-account of plies, there (hall and may be ifiued and applied any fum or fum* engagements of money not exceeding in the whole the fum of fixty thoufand pounds, to perfed and fulfil the obligations his Majefty is un-tue trade, der on account of engagements entered into and concerted for fecuring the trade and navigation of this kingdom, and for re-■ ftoring and preferving the peace of Europe.

Thefe aids not	XIV. And be it enaded, That the laid aids or fupplies pror

tp be fipplied vided as aforefaid, (hall not be ifliied or applied to any ufe, into any other tent or purp0fc whatsoever, other thaji the ufes and purpofe* before-mentioned, or for the feveral deficiencies direded to be fatisfied thereout, by any particular claufe or daufes for that purpofe contained in any other ad or ads of tfiU prefent feflion of parliament.

XV.	And as to the faid fum of fifty eight thoufand pound* by this &d appropriated, on accouut of half-pay as aforefaid, if is hereby enaded and declared by the authority aforefaid, That the rules herein after preferibea, (hall be .duly obferved in the application thereof; that is tp fay, that no perfon (hall have or receive any part of the fame, who wa* a minor, under the age of fixteen years, at the time when the regiment, troop or company in which he ferved was reduced; that po perfon (hall have or receive any part pf the fame, except fuch perfons who did adual fervice in fome regiment, troop or company j that no person having any other place or employment of profit, civil or miT Jitary, under his Majefty, (hall have or receive any part of th$ half-pay; that no chaplain of any garrifon or regiment, who ha* any ecclefiaftical benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, (hall have gr reedy? any of the faid half-pay $ th^t no perfon (hall have of 	■'	%	■	receive

Ills.

ptules to be obferved in the difaribu-tion of half /W-

475

,1728.3 Anno primo Georgii II. ftat. 2. c. 10, 11.

receive apy part of the fame who hath refigned his commiffion, and has had no commiflion fmce; that no part of the fame (hall be allowed to any perfon by virtue of any warrant or appointment, except to fuch pcrfons who would have been othefwife entitled to the fame as reduced officers; and that no part of the Xante (hall be allowed to any of the officers of the five regiments of dragoons, and eight regiments of foot, lately difbanded in Ireland, except to fuch as yvcre lately taken off the eftabliftunent of half-pay in Great Britain.

XVI.	And whereas by an aft of parliament made in the thirteenth 13 Geo. i.c.yf year of the reign of his late majefly King George the Firjl, For continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, to rgife money for the fervice of the year one choufand feven hundred and twenty feven, and for other purpofes therein exprefled, federal fuppUes which had been granted to his Majejly, as is therein jnentionedy were appropriated to /everal ufes and purpofes therein ex-prejfed, among which any fum or fums of money, not exceeding Jixty theufand pounds, upon account of half-pay, for the year one thmfani feven hundred and twenty feven, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced officers of his Majejly* s land forces and marines,fubjeft never-thelefs to fucb rules to be obferved tn the application of the [aid halffay, as in and by the aforefaid aft ipere preferibed in that behalf \. now it is hereby provided, enacted and declared by the autho- The overplus rity aforefaid. That fo much of the faid fum of IJxty thoufand of the 60,0001 pounds, as is or (ball be more than fufficient to fatisfy the faid reduced officers according to the faid rules, by the faid ad pre- balf?p?y (bribed to be obferved in the application thereof, or any part of officershow fuch overplus, (hall pr may be difppfed of to fuch officers who to be difpofed are maimed, or loft their fimbs in the late wars, or to Xuch Or . thers, as by reafon of their long fervice orotherwife, his Majefly ihall judge to be proper obje&s of charity, or to the widows or ^children of fuch officers, according to fuch warrant or warrants, under his Majefty’s royal fign manuaL as (hall be figned In that behalf; any thing in this ad or the (aid former ad tp the cpnr frary notwithftanding.

CAP. X.

An ad for the more effedual amending die highway between Hockliff ' and Woburn in the county of Bedford ; and for repairing the road leading through Woburn to.Tickford Bridge in Newport Pagnell in the jpdunty of B\icksr

The toll took place the 14th day of June 171S, and is to continue during si years. Continued by 16 Geo. a, c. 4I

CAP. XI.

An ad foe repairing and amending feveral roads leading to and from the *	borough of Evelham in the county of Worcelter.

The toll is to continue from 30 May 1728, during ax years. Continued by r‘ 1	17	Geo.	a. c. 13.

cap,

476	Anno prime Giorgii II. ftaf. i.c. 12—14.	[1728.

CAP. XII.

An aft for repairing and enlarging the road leading from the hotife called the (ign of the Sells in the panfh of Saint Margaret in Roche&er to Maidftone, and other roads therein mentioned, in the county of Kent.

Am**did h	t0^	”	to &*** con^fllltl!loe frwn the 24th of June 172I, for a« years.

p£co. 4.0.7,	.Cwemsflf	u	Gto» i.c. t«

cap. xm.

An aft to oblige Hups coming from places infefted more eflcAually to per-♦	form	their	quarantine	j	ana	for	the	better preventing the plague befog

brought from foreign parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the fflesor Gueinfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark or Mans and to hinder the foraKfing of infeftion. EXP.

Ships coming from places infefted to perform quarantine, 731 quarentine performed, no perfon or goods to be brought on fliore without licence, or perfons to go on board, or receive goods. Perfons authorized to fee quarantine performed, to go off to fuch (hip at a convenient diftance, and do* mand ot the commander the name of the (hip, See. And if the (hip ought •to perform quarentine, they are to oblige fuch (hip to go to fuch place as (hall be appointed. Commander concealing perfons infefted, guilty of felony, not making a true difeovery forfeits soo 1. quitting the (nip, or permitting paflengers fo to do, See. or not conveying flop and lading to the plate for quarentine, forfeits 5001. Perfons quitting the (hip may be compelled to go on board. Sec. Ships or lazarets to be provided. Proper officers to compel perfons and their goods to repair to fuch (hips or lazarets. Not repairing to fuch place, watchmen may by force compel them. Perfons refuting to repair or efeaping guilty of felony. Perfons not infected entring fuch (hip. See* may be compelled to perform quarentiaa. After ouartmine performed, on oath that the (hip is free from infeftioiit the cuftomer, Sec. (hall certify the fame, and the (nip, Sec. liable to no further reftraint. After quarentine performed, goods to be aired and dif-charged. Officer Or watchman fbffering perfons or goods to be conveyed away without licence, guilty of felony. When England, Scc. (hall be an-fefted, his Majefty may reft rain (inall boats under so tuns from (ailing oat of any port without fecurity, Sec. His Majefty by proclamation to be if-jfued before 14 June 1714, may prohibit commerce between his fubjefts and places infefted. And may prohibit any perfon to come from placet in* fefted into thefe dominions. Going to a place infefted forfeits 500 L I* all proclamations for prohibiting commerce, a reafonable time to be allowed before the prohibition. Attainder on this aft not to corrupt blood, fee. Aft to commence fronj > June 171S, and be in force two ytart, and tq the end of the next feffion of parliament. Set 26 Geo. a. c. 6.

CAP. XIV.

ftn aft for encouraging fcamen to enter into bis Majefty'x

fervice.

WHEREAS nothing will more effectually contribute to the promoting and advancing the naval ftrength of this king-donut than the endeavouring by due and fitting encouragements to invite mariners and feamen to enter wittingly into the fervice of theit country, as often as occofion Jhall require ; and whereas his Majefty, cut of his princely concern for the increafe and encouragement of ms feamen, hath been mo ft gracicufly plea fed to recommend the fame from f^e throne, as a confederation of the great eft importance: be it therefore cnadted by the Kind’s tpoft excellent Majefty, by and with

i?28.] Anno primo Georgii flat. II. 2. c. 14.	4^7

the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and After i July commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the au- \?%%■ y®luu-thority of the fame. That from and after the firft day of July hU name^ith which will be in the year of ou( Lord one thoufand feven hun- an officer of • dred and twenty eight, if any Teaman or able bodied landman the fleet, to ihall freely and voluntarily come before and enter his namefcrvc board with any commiflion officer or officers of the fleet to be appoint* any ed for entring fuch voluntiers, in order to ferve in or on board any of the (hips or veflels of his Majefty, his heirs and fuccef-fors* then fitting out for Tea, or that (hall be in want of men* and (hall receive a certificate of his fo doing from fuch com* million officer or officer (who are hereby directed and required to make out and give fuch certificate gratis, and without fee or reward, and dulv to date the fame) and if fuch perfon (hall forthwith proceed towards fuch (hip, and (hall make his perfo-nal appearance on board the fame within the fpace of fourteen onboari, isc? days from the day of the date of fuch certificate, inclufive of the day of the date thereof, if the place where he fo enters his name ^jj ^ jntJ-rfw be not above one hundred miles diftant from the port where Stowages " fuch (hip lies, or within the fpace of twenty days it it be at a from the date greater diftance, or within the fpace of thirty days, if the place <***&* where he fo enters his name be above two hundred miles dif- SioweTvJlT* tant; then and in fuch cafe every fuch perfon (hall be and is duft money] hereby declared to be intitled to wages from the day of th« date and two of fuch certificate, inclufive of the day of the date thereof, and months wages, (hall alfo be allowed the ufual conduft money, and be paid an advance of two months wages, before the (hip, in which he (hall be rated and ferve, goes to fca.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any inferior officer or inferior of-able and ordinary feaman, (hall die in the fervice of his Majefty, fleer or fea-his heirs or fucceflors, the captain or commander of the (hip, in mai1 dyi^r which he ferved at the time of his death, (hall immediately, or m?ke otn as foon as conveniently may be after his death, make out a a ticket of his ticket for the pay due to the perfon fo dying, at the time of his pay, death, and (hall fend or tranunit the faia ticket fo made out, by

the firft and fafeft opportunity, to the commiflioners of the navy to be forth* for the time being, for the ufe of the executors or admiraftrators with paid, of fuch perfon fo dyingj and the faid commiflioners are hereby directed and required to caufe the money due upon fuch ticket to be forthwith paid to the faid executors or adminiftrators, or to their refpeftive attorney or attomies, duly authorized in fuch manner, as is herein after appointed to receive the fame, without tarrying for the return of the (hip to which the perfon fo dying did belong, or the general pay thereof.	.

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any inferior	over

ficer or voluntier, (listll be turned over from one (hip into ana* not to ferve’ ther, then and in fuch cafe, fuch perfon fo turned ovet (hall not in a worfe ferve or be rated in a worfe quality, or lower degree or ftation quality than

• than he ferved in or was rated for in the (hip from which	have

was turned over; and (hall receive, over and above fuch wages two months as are then due to him, an advance of two months wages betoife pay advanced, the (hip* into which he is turned over, proceeds to fca.

IV. Pro

47®	Anno primo Georgii II. ftat a, c. 14. f 17^8-

'Thcrcmoiril IV. Provided always. That if any /hip be hindred by any crew not to be acc*^cnt from going to ***> the removal of the whole crew or *tinflrued a company of fuch /hip, together with their officers, into another turning over, fhip, (hall not be conftrued or taken to be a turning over within the meaning of this aft.

Vfo perfon dc- V. And be it further enafted, That no perfon in Tea pay, fcrtirig to for- that (hall withdraw himfelf from or defert the fervice of his Ma-”1®rctjj.an jefty, his heirs or fucceflors, /hall forfeit any more of the pay in1that</Wp,,m °r waf?es ^uc 10 him, than fo much thereof as was due to him for his fervice in the (hip from whence he withdrew himfelf or defated * and that rro ticket or tickets made out or that (hall be made out for the pay or wages of any Teamen, /hall be forfeited or ftopt by his withdrawing himfelf or deferting, after the snaking out of iuch ticket, but the lame /hall be duly paid.

Not tb altef VI. Provided nevcrthelefs* That nothing in this aft con-j^Pun,*h* tained (hall extend to take away or alter the punHhment ap-ftat.a*c.9. ** pointed by an aft made in the thirteenth year of the reign of appointed for King Charles the Second, for fuch captains, officers and ma-deierters.	riners as /hall defert the fervice of his Majefty, his heirs or fuc-

♦	ce/lors, in his /hips, or entice any others fo to do.

VII.	And whereas many perfons encouraging the extravagance and taking advantage of the neceffities of feomeny have made great and unreofinable profit to tbemfelves by anticipating, bargaining for or purebafing the pay or wages due or to grow due to feamen, to the imprutrijhment and utter ruin of fuch feamen and their families: be Bargains for it enafted. That all and every bargain, falc< bill of fate, con-teamens pay, traft, agreement and affignment whatfoever, of, for or concern-after 1 Sept. jng any p3y^ wageS or allowances of money of any kind, dup i7»s, voi . or grow"<jge fa any feaman or feamen in the fervice of his Majefty, his heirs or iucce/Tors, for fuch fervice, which (hall be made or entred into, from and after the (irft day of September which thall be in the year of our Lord one thou-(and (even hundred and twenty eight, /liall be and is, and are hereby declared to be void and ot none e/Feft, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever; any law, ftatute, cuftom or ufage to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding; and the trea-. . furer of the navy for the time being is hereby authorized, direft-ed and required to pay, or caufe to be paid to all fuch feamen as /hall appear in perion at the pay tabic, or, in their abfence, to the lawful attornies impowered by them, in the manner as is herein after direfted, or to the executors or adminiftrators of fuch feamen, or to their refpeftive attorney or attornies duly authorized, in fuch manner as is herein after direfted, the i%-fpeftivc pay, wages or allowances of money of any kind due to them, without regard to any bargain, /ale, bill of fele, con-traft, agreement or affignment whatfoever, made or to be made, of, for or concerning any fuch pay, wages or allowances of money of any kind, from and after the faid /irft day of September wnich (hall be in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and twenty eight.

VIII. Pro-

1728.] Annd primo GeoRGII II. ftat,2. c. 14.	479

VIII.	Provided always, and be it enafted,’ That this aft or Not to dif-any thing herein contained, (hall not extend or be conftrued to diicharge any feaman of or from any debt or debts which he J*to ^ 39 has already contrafted or may hereafter contraft, or to invalidate void the (ale of or make void the fale or Tales of any ticket or tickets that is, are any ticket, or lhall be made out for pay, wages or other allowances of mo*

ney of any kind, to fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be in pof-feifion of fuch ticket or tickets; but fuch fale and Tales (hall be as good, valid and effeftual as they were before the making of this aft, and as if this aft had not been made; any thing • herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwitiw handing.	,

IX.	Provided alfo. That this aft or any thing herein con- or to mak* tained (hall not extend or be conftrued to extend to invalidate any iir* or make void any indenture or indentures, whereby any mafter 2J2SJE

is or (hall be intitled to have or receive the pay, wages or other mailer is in-allowance* of money earned by his apprentice; but fuch pay, titled to hi* wages or other allowances (hall be paid by the treafurer of the aPPrtmicc t navy for the time being, or by his direftion, according to fuch ***** indenture or indentures, as has been ufual in fuch cams, fo as fuch apprentice or apprentices were not above the age of eighteen Exception years, at the time fuch indenture or indentures were made and ^ executed, in which cafe no pay, wages or allowances (hall be paid by the treafurer of the navy or by bis direftions, accord* ing to fuch indenture or indentures; any thing therein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

X.	And be it further enafted. That from and after the firft No letters of day of September which (hall be in the year of our Lord one attorney thoufand feven hundred and twenty eight, no letter of attor- unlefs ney made by any feaman or fcamen, in the fervice of his Ma- ^ablT'and jefty, his heirs or fucceflors, or by the executors or adminiftra- be figned by tors of any fuch feaman or Teamen, in order to impower and the captain, intitle any perfon or perfons to receive any pay, wages or al- &c* iowances of money of any kind, due or to grow due for fuch

fervice, (hall be good and valid, or fufficienc for that purpofe, unlefs fuch letter of attorney be made revocable, and be figned before, and attefted by the captain or commander, and one other of the figning officers of the (hip to which fuch feaman or fcamen, who make the fame, belong, or the clerk of the cheque of fome of the dock yards, or the mayor or chief magi-ftrate of fome corporation.

XI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, When the pay That when and as often as any of the pay books of the (hips hooks ai e belonging to his Majefty, his heirs or fuccefiors, lhall be doled,

fuch teamen as (hall not then receive or have received the pay, l^recrived wages, or other allowances of money due to them, (hall, upon their pay,-application made by them to the commiffioners of the navy for theto have ticket# time being, have and receive bills or tickets made out to them to the value of the faid pay, wages or other allowances due to of theic them refpeftively; and the faid commiffioners are hereby direft- pay, cd and required to make out the faid bills or tickets according-

480	Anno	primo	Georgii II. ftat. 4. C. 14.;

ly, and to caufe the fame to be dated, numbred, regiftred and paid in courfe not exceeding one month after the date thereof. Con flits, &c. XII. And be it farther enalted. That the governors, mini-in foreign fters and confuls appointed or that (hall be appointed by his vjje*for £ra°‘ Majefty, his heirs or fuceeflors, in foreign parts, and refiding faring men* there, or, where none fuch are retident, any two or more fin-driven to their ujh merchants then and there refiding, (hall be and are hereby coafts* authorized, directed and required to fend arid provide for all feafaring men and boys, fubjedls of Great Britain,, that (hall by fhip wreck, capture or other unavoidable accident be driven of call away to fuch foreign parts or places where fuch governors* minifters, confuls or merchants refide $ and the faid governors* minifters, confuls and merchants are hereby required to provide for and fubfill fuch feafaring men and boys, at or after the rate of fix pence per diem each, and to fend bills of their feveral diiburlemcnts upon fuch occafionstogether with proper vouch-CommHfion- ers for the fame, to the commiffioners of the navy for the time ers#f thenavy being, who are liereby directed and required to caufe immediate to pay the . payment to be made of fuch bills and difourfements, after due c arges. examination of the faid vouchersand the laid governors, mi-Confuls,&c»to nilters, confuls and merchants (hall put or fend the faid meii fend home or boys on board the .firft (hip belonging to his Majefty, his fuch feamen bc;rs or focceflors, that dial! arrive at the parts or places where (hip's.6 r they refide, or any other parts or places being near or within a convenient difiance for that purpofe; or in cafe no {hip of war lhall -be then in fuch parts or places, or within a convenient diftance, they (hall fend their (aid men or boys on board fuch merchant (hips or vcflels as are bound for any port in Great Britain, and are in want of men to make up their complement 1 but if neither cafe happens within a convenient time, then they (hall provide and order a pafiage homeward for fuch men and boys in the lirft merchant (hip or veilel bound for Great fir/-tain; and every mailer or perfon having charge of a merchant (hip or veilel that (hall arrive in fuch foreign parts, and be homeward bound from thence to any port in Great Britain, (hall be and 16 hereby required to take on board fuch and fo many of fuch feafaring men or boys as the faid governors, minifters* confuls or merchants (hall direct, not exceeding four for each one hundred tuns of which his (hip confifts.

XIII.	And for an encouragement for fuch mailers ofJhips or vef* feh to take fucb feamen or boys aboard, and bring them to Great Matters of Britain: be it enadted, That every fuch mailer or perfon hav-6d cr diem *nS c*iargc °f a (h*P or veflel, who (hall produce a certificate forthepaifoge UI*der the hands of the faid governors* minifters, confuls or of fuch lea- merchants, or any of them, ccrtifving the number and names men.	of die men or boys taken on board by their diredtion, and the

time of taking them -on board, and (nail make an affidavit at bis return, letting forth the time during which he fubfifted fuch men or boys, and that he did not, during that time, want of his own complement of men, or how many he did want of foch complement, and for what time, (hall receive from the com-

miffioners

48*

1728.} Anno primo Georoii II. ftat. 2. c. 14*

miffioners Of the navy fot the time being (who are hereby required to caufe the fame to be paid) fix pence per dim for the paflage and provifions of each man and .boy, from the day of their imbarkation homewards, to the day of their arrival in Great Britain, or being put into fome (hip of war; fix pence per dim only being deduced for fuch time, and fo many pcr-fons as he wanted of his complement during his voyage.

XIV.	Provided always,That nothing in this adt contained (hall Net to take Extend or be conftrued to leflen or .tale away the allowances or aJ*y other other advantages made or appointed to or for any feaman that is

or (hall be in the fervice of his Majefty, his heirs or fucccflors, by any law or ftatute now in force, or by the cuftom or ufage of the navy.

XV.	And to prevent fit the future, asfar as map be> any uriuft	.

tr fraudulent atrefts upon feamen afiuauy belonging to any of Sis niken Majeftfs JbipSy whereby bis Majefty and the publiek may be deprived out ot- ^ of their fervice: be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That jefty's iervicc, no perfon whatfoever who (hall lift and enter himfelf to othenvifethau ferve his Majefty, as a feaman on board any of his Majefty’s

ihips or vefiels, (hall be liable to be taken out of his Majefty’s unlefs the debt fervice by any procefs or execution whatfoever, other than for amount* to fome criminal matter, unlefs for a real debt, or other juft caufe *01. of adtion, and unlefs, before the taking out fuch procefs or execution, not being for a criminal matter, the plaintiff or plaintiffs therein, or fome other perfon or perfons on his or their behalf, (hall make affidavit before one or more judge or judges of the court of record, or other court, out of which fuch procefs or execution (hall iffue, or before fome perfon authorized to take affidavits in fuch courts. That to his or their know* ledge, the fum juftly due and owing to the plaintiff or plaintiffs, from the defendant or defendants in the adtion, or caufe of action, on which fuch procefs (hall ifliie, or the debt or damage and cofts, for which (uch execution (hall beiffued out, amounts to the value of twenty pounds at the leaft, a memorandum of which oath (hall be marked on the back of fuch procefs or writ, for which memorandum or oath no fee (hall be taken. And if any per* fon (hall be neverthelefs arrefted, contrary to the intent of this adt, it (hall and may be lawful for one or more judge or judges, or fuch court upon complaint made thereof by the party hunfelf or by any his fuperior officer to examine into the feme by the oath of the parties or otherwife, and by warrant under his or their hands and ieals to difeharge fuch feaman fo arrefted contrary to-the intent of this adt, without paying any fee or fees, upon due proof made before him or them, that fuch feaman fo arrefted was adtaally belonging to one of his Majefty’s (hips or veffels, and arrefted contrary to the intent of this adt, and alfo to award to the party fo complaining, fuch cofts as fuch judge or judge* (hall think reafonaUe, for the recovery whereof he "(hall have the like remedy that the perfon who takes out the faid execution might have had for his cofts, or the plaintiff in the faid adtion might have had for the recovery of his cofts, in Cafe judgment had been given for him with cofts againftthe defendant in the faid adtion,

• Vot. XV.	I	i	XIV. And

48a	Anno prtmo GeoRGI* IT. ffat.2’. 6. 15,16.	[17284

XVI.	And t» the end that honeft creditors vote aim only at tin recovery of their juft debts due to them from fucb feamen as are actually belonging to fame of his Mqjefty'i flips* may not be kindred frcm ftdng for the fame, hut on the contrary may be aflifted ani forwarded in their Juits9 and inftead of an arreft, which may hurt the fervice, and octafion a great expence and delay to themfehes, may ' be enabled to proceed in a more fptedy and eafy method: be it further Plaintiff may caaded by the authority aforefaid, That it (hail and may be enter a com- lawful to and for any plaintiff and plaintiffs, upon notice firft mon appear- given in writing of the caufc of action to fuch Teaman or feamen c^^iuS^ m Majefty’s fervice, or left at his or their laft place of re-ment, &c. ftdence, before his entring into his Majtfty’s fervice, to file a common appearance in any a&ion to be brought for or upon account of any debt whatfoever, fo as to intitle fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs to proceed therein to judgment and outlawry, and to have an execution thereupon, other than againft the bodv or bodies of him or them fo a&ually belonging to one of his Ma-jefty’s (hips as aforefaid; this a& or any thing herein, or any former law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

C AP. XV.

An ad for making provifion for the redor of the new church fituate near Millbank, in the parilh of Saint Margaret Weftminfter, and for other ^	purpofea	therein	mentioned.

#,5ool. allotted for the redor of the new church near Millbank. Trea-forer to lay out that fum in purchafing lands, Sec. in fee Ample, for the ofe of the redor. Chargeable with 511. 10 s. per annum to Dr. Brodrick, officiating minifler at the new chapel near Tuttle Fields. Till fome pur-chafe be made, the money to be placed out on real fecurities, or publkk funds. 1*51, per ann. to be railed by an equal pound rate on the inhabitants. Redor, churchwardens and veftry to make the afleffinent, and to make good deficiencies on any former aueflinents, on forfeiture of 1001: Afieffments to be allowed by two juftices. Veftry to choofe collectors. Collectors to pay the redor quarterly, Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter-feffions. The intereft of a,5001. laid out, and the sac 1. per ann. by a pound rate, (hall be the annual maintenance of the redor, betides furplice fees, and houfe. Subject to pay >71. 8 s. 11 d. per ann. to the curate of the old parifli church. Dr. Gee to have the furplice foes, and the annual intereft of 1,5001. on providing mmifters to officiate in the new church. When the curacy (hall become vacant, the pmvifion hereby made fhall.be enjoyed by the redor and fuccefibrs for ever. Sub-jeft to pay 511. zos. per ann. to Dr. Brodrick, and 17I. 8 s 11 d. per ann. fo the curate of the old church. Churchwardens not to difpofe of Pews, but by confent of veftry. If churchwardens and veftry on Eafter Tuefday ft]all allot the annual fum or any part, and pay it to the redor, then only fo much (hall for that year be raided as will make up that fum. The tedory (hall not be held in commendam. The parifh clerk (hall be a member of the corporation of parifh clerks.

CAP. XVI.

An aA for removing doubts concerning the additional duty of . two pence per gallon upon low wines and fpirits of the firfi extraSion, from foreign materialsand for obviating qut-fiiom relating to appeals in matters of excife; and for appointing the number of comnuffioners of excife, who may bear caufes depending before them. uW.3c.1i1 \\f H E RE A S bjanaSt of parliament made and paged in tbo XV twelfth year of bis late ma'ttjfy King William tat Third. »-

titnled,

1728*1 Anno primo Georgii II. ftat 2. c. i&	484

litufed, An ft ft for granting to his Majefty feveral duties upon low wines or fpirits of the firft extra&ion ; and continuing fc-veral additional 'duties upon coffee, tea, chocolate, fpices and pictures, and certain impofitions upon hawkers, pedlars and petty chapmen* and the duty of fifteen prr centum upon muffins* and for improving the duties upon japaned and laquered goods and for continuing the coinage duty, for the feveral terms and purpofes therein mentioned, it was enabled, That from and after the twenty fourth day of March in the year of our Lord one thoufand /even hundred, and until tht twenty fifth day of March one thoufand /even hundred and fix, there Jbould be paid, by way of oxeifi, unto bis Majejly, his heirs and fiucejfors, for all low wines or fpirits of the firfi extractions made or drawn by any difiiller or other perfin. making or drawing fpirits or ftrong waters for Iale or exportation,, within the kingdom of England, dominion 6f Wales ana town of Berwick upon Tweed, the rates and duties therein mentioned, over and above the duties payable for fpirits perfectly made, and partial larly for every gallon of low wines or Jpiritr of the firfi extraction* made or drawn from any foreign or imported materials, or any mix* ture therewith, four pence: end whereas by one other act of parliament made and pajfed in the third year of tho reign of her late majojty % Atm, c. f. Queen Anne, intituled^ An a & for continuing duties upon low. wines and upon coffee, tea, chocolate* fpices and pi&ures, and upon hawkers, pedlars and petty chapmen, and upon muffins* and for granting new duties upon feveral of the faid commodi-ties, and alfo upon callicoes, china wart and drugs* the afore-faid duties on low wines or fpirits of the firfi extraction, were continued from the twenty fourth day of March one thoufand feven hundred andfix* until thi twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ten: and whereas by one other ait of parliament made and pajfed in the fourth year of the reign of her fate majejly Queen 4 Ann. c, tij Anne, intituled, An aft for laying further duties on low wines* and for preventing the damage to her Majefty’s revenue by im* portation of foreign cut whalebone, and for making feme pro-vifions as to th.e ftamp duties, and the duties on births, burials and marriages* and the fait duties, and touching million lot-

S	tickets.; and for enabling her Majefty to difpofe of the ef-$ of William Kidd, a notorious pirate, to the ufe of Greenwich hofpital; and for appropriating the publick monies granted in this fefiion of parliament, it was amongft other things enacted, That for every gallon of low wines or fpirits of the firfi extraction, which at any time or times, during the term of five years, to commence from the twenty fourth day of March one thousand feven hundred and Jive, Jbould be made or drawn from any foreign materials, or any mixture with foreign materials, there Jhouli be paid and payable to her Majejly, her heirs and fuccejfors, over and above all other duties charged or chargeable thereupon by the faid lafi mentioned or any other att of aCls of parliament, the Cum of two fence, to be paid by the difiillers or makers thereof: ana whereas by an aCf of parliament made and pajfed in the fifth year of the reign of 5 Aan. c. x9. bet late ntajefiy Queen Anne, intituled, An aft for continuing the

I i 2	duties

1

Anno prtmo GRorgii IL ftat. i. c. t6.	[1728.

duties on low wines and fpirits of the firft extraction; and the duties payable by hawkers, pedlars and petty chapmen; and part of the duties on ftamped vellum, parchment and paper; and the late duties on fweets; and the one third fubfidy, of tun-age and poundage; and for fettling and eftabliflunga fund thereby, and by the application of certain overplus monies, and otherwifc, for payment of annuities, to be fold for railing a further fupply to her Majefty, for the fervice of the year one thoufand (even hundred and feven, and other ufes therein ex-prefled, it is matted. That all and every futb »r the tike duties fee and uptn all lew wines tr fpirits of the firfi extraction, as by the a-

’	’■	' in the third year of her

twen“

forefaid att of parliament made and pajjfed in the third year fmk late Majefifs reign, were continued or granted until the ty fourth day tfjune one thoufand feven hundred and ten, Jhouldy by virtue of the fail aft of parliament made and faffed in the faid fifth year of the reign of her faid late Majefty, be further continued, and be paid and payable to her faid late Majefty, her heirs and fucceffm, for and upon all low wines and fpirits of the firfl extraftton, to be made or drawn by any difiller or other perfons mating or drawing fpirits or firong waters for fale or exportation within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales or touyn of Berwick upon Tweed, from the twenty third day of Jurit which Jbould be in the year of our Lord onto thoufand feven hundred and ten, for the term of ninety fix pears, from thence next and immediately enfuing, for the ufes and purpofis expreffed in the find aft of parliament made and faffed in the fifth year of the reign of her faid late Majefty: and whereas it was the true intent and meaning of the faid laft mentioned aft9 to continue all the faid duties on low wines and fpirits of the firft extraction, granted by any of the faid recited a fts, from the reffefthe times of the expiration of them, until the end ofthe term of ninety and fix years, therein limited and expreffed: ana whereas fame doubts and questions have neverthelefi been made, whether the additional duty of two pence per gallon on low wines and fpirits of

extraction, given and granted by the faid aft made ana _ the fourth year of the reign of her faid late Majefty, be continued by the faid aft made in the fifth year of the reign of her find late Majefty, and is to continue for the term therein mentioned$ for the obviating and clearing which doubts, with regard as well to the time paft as to come; and for the acquitting, dif* charging and indemnifying all perfons whatfoever, who have any way aCted or been concerned in the charging, collecting,

mor receiving the faid duty of two pence per gallon, on >w wines and fpirits of the firft extraction, or who (hall be concerned, or aCt in the charging, collecting, paying or re-cciving the fame for the future, and for the fupporting and eftabli(hing the fund, by the faid laft mentioned act of parlia-ment intended to be created for the fccuring fuch annuities, as fhould be purchafed purfuant to the faid laft mentioned aCt of parliament; and for the explanation of the faid aCt r be it cnaCt-ed and declared by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual ana temporal

and

1728.J Anno primo GeoRGII II. flat 2. C. iS.	485

and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid additional duty of twoTheaddi-pence per gallon, for and upon all low wines or fpirits of the**®*1*1 duty of firft extradion, drawn from any foreign or imported materials. or any mixture with foreign materials, given and granted by the drawn from laid recited ad of parliament made and palled in the fourth year foreign mate-of her faid late Majefty’s reign, from the twenty fourth day of rial* to eon-March one thoufand (even hundred and five, for the term of ,in“e ’rom five years, was by the faid recited ad, made and palled in the for 96 fifth year of her late Majefty’s reign, intended to be continued, 1 Geo.i. c. it. and mall and ought to be and continue from the twenty third fed. t. day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ten, for the term of ninety fix years, from thence next and immediately enfuing ( and (hall and ought to be paid and payable to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors during the faid term, for the ufes ana pur-pofes in the faid ad made in die fifth year of her faid late Majefty’s reign expreft; and (hall be levied and eolleded during the To be levied faid term, by the like powers and authorities, and under the like w bXth* *a rales, diredions, penalties and forfeitures, as in and by the faid 5 Ann‘ c‘**’ ad made in the fifth year of her faid late Majefty’s reigns are exprefifed and provided, in refped of the fevcral duties of excife thereby continuedj and that all perfons whatfoever, who have been concerned, or who have a&ed in the charging, colleding, paying or receiving the-faid duty of two pence per gallon for fiich low wines ana fpirits of the nrft extradion as aibrefaid, are arid (hall refpedively by virtue of this ad be acquitted and difc charged and indemnified in refped thereof.

II.	Provided always, That no diftiller or diftillers, or maker £>iftiUers nto or makers of fpirits or ftrong waters for (kle or exportation (hall, liable to pe-for or by reafon of this prefent ad of parliament, or of any naltie* for not thing herein declared or contained, -be fobjed or liable to any penalty or forfeiture, for or on account of his, her or their hav- fae, jSL*. mg omitted or negleded to pay the faid duty of two pence per ,7»s.J

Sillon on low wines or fpirits of the firft extradion, made or.

rawn from any foreign or imported materials, or any mixture therewith, at any time before the firft day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty eight; but that all and every of them refpedively (hall be ana are hereby acquitted and dilchaiged from all fuch penalties and forfeitures, and lhall be liable to be foed or profecuted only for the (ingle dudes (b omitted or negleded to be paid, at any time before the faid firft day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty eight.

III.	Jnd whereas in an alt of parliament made in the fixth year $ the reign of bis late majefty King George the Firft, of glorious memory t Gso. 1. < intituled, An ad for preventing frauds and abufes in the publick revenues of excife, cuftoms, ftamp-duties, poll-office, and houfe-money, a elaufe is contained concerning the forfeiture and feizure of Jwetts, which from and after the firft day of Auguft in tbeyear of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty, Jbould he fent or removed from one pkue to another without certificates from the proper officers tf excife, in v/hith ebmfe feme general words art mentioned eoncem-

l « 3	i»i

. C.SS#

4S6

Right of ap-paling con-turned.

Anno primo GpoRQij JL flat. t. c.i$:	[1728.

ing other forfeitures to be made from and after the /aid day, by virtue or in purfuance of any aft or aft 5 whatfoever relating to the duties of exeife, or any other duty or duties under the management of the cotnmijjioners of exeife, upon which words a doubt bath arifeu, whether by the generality thereof the right and liberty of appealing to the com-tnijponers of appeals,from judgments given by the commiffioners of ex-cije> in caufcs and profecutims on account of forfeitures and offences relating to the duties of exeife, and the junfdiflion and power of the commiffioners of appeals to hear and determine fueh appeals, and alfi the right and liberty of appealing to the jufiices ajfembled at the re-fpeflive quarter-feffions of the peace, in cafes where judgment or judgments happen to be given by two or more jujlices of tin peace in eaufts and prosecutions before them% for or on account of forfeitures and offences refpeflively relating either to the duties on malt* or to the duties on bides and fkins, tanned, tawed or drejfed, and upon vellum and parchment9mbe not taken away and repealed: now for preventing and avoiding all fuch doubts and queftions, and declaring and re-cftablilhing the right and liberty of appealing in the refpedive cafes before mentioned, be it further enaded and declared by the authority aforefaid, That neither the faid alt of the fixtn year of his laid late Majcfty’s reign, nor any ciaufe, matter or thing therein contained, did or doth extend, or (hall be construed to extepd, or to have extended to take away, repeal or alter the right and liberty of appealing in the refpe&ive cafes before mentioned, or in any of them; and the right and liberty of appealing in the. refpe&ive cafes before mentioned, and the feveral jurifdiflions and powers, as well of tjie cotnmiffioners of appeals, a? of the juftices of the peace aflembled in their refpe&ive quarter-feffions, now is and are, and ought to continue and be in the fame plight and condition, as the laid right, liberty, jurifdi&ions and powers refpe&ively was aqd were before itne making the faid a St of the fixth year of his faid late Ma-jefty’s reign; and that appeals already brought, or hereafter to be prought in the refpe&ive cafes before mentioned, which have happened fence the palling the fame ad, are and (land in the fame plight and condition, as they refpe&ively would have done in cafe me (aid alt had never been made; the aforefaid ad, or any other law, ftatute, provifeoa or ufage to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithfeanding.

IV.	And whereas complaints and informations, which at the chief office in London yV the duties of exeife, and other duties there managed y are exhibited and commenced, either by traders and dealers in the commodities refpeftively liable to fuch duties, who apprehend tkemfidves to have been overcharged, or by profecuters and informers againft fuch traders and dealers, for offences or fafls by them committed or incurred, either by their haying omitted to do things, which by the laws relating to the faid refpeflive duties they are required to do9 or by their having done other things eontrary to the faid refpeflive laws, cannot be heard, adjudged and determined with the like difpatcb9 eafe and convenience to the parties concerned therein, as might be done in cafe the fame were to be beard, adjudged and determined by a lefs

number

47283} Anrtb primo Georgii If. flat. a. c. iC.

number of the commiffioners for the faid duties for the time being, than a majority of them: and whereas fucb complaints and informations happening by the means aforefaid to remain and continue in fufpena • and undetermined^ is dijcouragtng and difadvantageous to the parties concerned therein: for remedy thereof, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June pne thoufand feven hundred and twenty eight, all rach complaints and informations as aforefaid, either of the one or the other fort, which before the fakl twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty eight (hall not be heard, adjudged and determined, but (hall then, or at any time after, be depending at the laid chief office, (hall and may be heard, adjudged and determined by any three or more of fuch com-miflioners for the time being, and that it (hall be fuffident in •the written account or record of fuch proceedings to mention, that fuch complaint or complaints, information or informations, are made and exhibited to and before three of fuch commiffion-.crs, without particularly mentioning or expreffing the chriftian and furnames of fuch tliree commiffioners for the time being * jand that every fuch adjudication and determination of fuch three or more of (Uch commiffioners for the time being, (hall •and hereby is declared to be as good and valid in the law, and #>f the fame force and effedt, to all intents and purpofes what-ibever, as if fuch adjudication and determination had been by '*11, or the majority of fgch commiffioners for the time being ; any law or ftatute to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

V.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That all and every fuch adjudication ana adjudications, determination and determinations, (hall and may, from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty oight, be executed by virtue of a warrant or warrants under tjie hands and feals of any three commiffioners for the time being, whether fgch commiffioners fetting their hands and feals to fuch warrant or warrants (hall or (hall not happen to be the particular commiffioners, by whom fuch adjudication or determination (hall be made, or whether fuch three commiffioners, fo fetting their hands and feals to fuch warrant or warrants, were com-mhlioners at the particular time or times, when fuch adjudication or adjudications, determination or determinations as aforefaid (hall happen to be made;provided that the perfons fo fetting their hands and feals to (uch warrant or warrants, at the time and times of fuch their fetting their hands and feals thereto, actually are fuch commiffioners; any law, ftatute or ufage tp the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

iu

48?

After *4 June 1728. complaints may be determined by three commit-turners of ex-cifc

All adjudications may be executed by wfrfant of three com- -miifionesn.

CAP.

4$8	Anno primo Georgii II. flat.*. C. 17.	(1748,

CAP. XVII.

An att for repealing the prefent duties on wine lees and lig-num vita;, and laying new duties on wine lees-, and far prohibiting the importation of wine in faffs, bottles, or fmall cafks; and for preventing frauds in exporting folk manufaSures, ana for /applying the want of regular ter-, tificates of fucb manufaSures being landed in foreign parts, where fucb certificates cannot be bad; and for giving further time to clerks and apprentices to pay duties omitted to be paid for their indentures and contrails.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS in tbt book of rates annext to the alt of tonnage and poundage, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, a particular rate of four pounds per ton was fixt upon wine lees imported: according to which rate a fubfidy of • twelve pence in the pound was thereby payable to his Mayefiy ; and whereas according to the feud rate a further fubfidy of poundage of twelve pence in the pound on wine lets imported, was granted to bis prefent Majefly for his life (which God long preferve) by an ad? made iGeas.fiati. in the firfi year of bis Majeftfs reign: and whereas by an ati made *• * •	in	the fecond year of her lent meatfly §>uttn Anne, another fubfidy

* An0, c- 9* was granted on the importation of wine lets, in proportion to thejati 1 Ann. c. $. rate, commonly catttd the one third fubfidy; and by an adi puffed in the third year of her faid late Majefly, another fubfidy of poundage was granted on the importation of wine lees in proportion to the find rate, commonly tailed the two third fubfidy; and whereas by an off eW.AM.c5.1mdr in the fourth year of the reign of their late majtftits King William and Queen Mary, an additional impofi of twenty five pounds for everyhundrtd pound value, was laid upon-Ftench wine lets imported, accordingto the find rate; and whereas by an off made 9W.&Mx.«o. in the feventb year of the reign of his late majefly King William the Third, an additional duty of twenty five pounds per centum was laid upon French wine lees imported; all which aOs which granted the faid fevered fubfidits, and other duties commonly called the old fubfidy, the one third fubfidy, and the two third fubfidy (ex* v	eept	the faid further fubfidy which is granted to his Majefly during

• bis life) as elfo the feud additional impofi and additional duty, are by fevered fubfequent aBs of parliament continued for ever, fubjeff to redemption by parEamtnt: and whereas great quantities of wines have of late been imported, mixed with, and under pretence of lees, which were afterwards drawn off, and fold as wine, to tbt manifefi abaft of the law, and prejudice of the revenue; for remedy whereof, we your faithful commons in parliament afiembled, do befeech your Majefty that it may be ena&ed, and be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That

from

1728.] Anno primo Geqrgii II. ftat. 2. c. 17.	489

from and after the twenty fourth day of Augufl in the year of After *4 Aug. our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty eight, the faid feveral fubfidies, additional impoft, additional duty, and other w;ne iee$ duties whatfoever, payable to your Majefty, your heirs and fuc- ceafe. cpiTors, by any law now in force, upon the importation of wine lees, (hall ceafe and determine, ana be no longer due and payable for wine lees imported after that time.

II.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That Wine leet im-in lieu of the faid former fubfidies, and other duties repealed by ported to pay this ad, all wine lees imported into Great Britain, from ana *?* ,"**•““* after the faid twenty fourth, day of Augufl* (hail be fubjed and *

liable to, and (half pay the fame fubfidies, impofitions, and other duties, as are now payable to your Majefty, your heirs and fucccflbrs, on the importation of wines into this kingdom, by any ad or ads of parliament now in force, according to the feveral and refpedive growths thereof.

III.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefiud, Howthefedu* That the feveral fubfidies, impofitions, and other duties granted, ties (hall be fe-by this ad, (hall be paid or lectured, and (hall be railed, levied curw1,

and colleded in fuch manner and form, and by fuch ways and means, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, and with fuch difcounts and allowances, as are mentioned and exprefled in the feveral ads of parliament, which granted or continued the (event fubfidies, impofitions, or other duties upon wines imported refpedively} and all powers, penalties, prpvifions, articles and elaufes therein contained, (hall continue isi full force and effed during the continuance of the (aid refpedive fubfidies, impofitions, and other duties upon wines, and (hall be applied, pradifed and executed for the railing, levying, colleding, fe-curing, anfwering, paying and appropriating the faid refpedive fubfidies, impofitions, and other dunes on wine lees imported^ according to the true intent and meaning of this ad, as fully and eifeduajly, to all intents and purpofes, as if the faid claufes, matters and things, bad been again repeated in the body of this prefent ad; any law, puftom or ufage to the contrary in any yrife notwithftanding.

IV.	And be it declared and enaded by the authority afore- d,.,wv faid, That no drawback (hall be allowed for any lees of wine for wine lees, exported; any law, cuftom or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.	And wbefttf! by an aft pajfed in the eighth year tf the reign sGeo.i. c. sa. of bis late majefty King George tbe Firft* intituled, An ad giving

further encouragement for the importation of naval (lores, ana for other purpoles therein mentioned, liberty is given for any per-fin or perfins to import into Great Britain, within tbe term of one end twenty years* to be reckoned from tbe twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feyen hundred and twenty two, direftly from any of bit Majeftfs plantations or colonies in America, in any Jbip or vejfel* ftjips or.vejfels, which may lawfully trade to and from the faid plantations or colonies* and which Jball be navigated according to law* any ficrt of wocd* plank or timber wbatjotyer, wrought or unwrought, or

any

Anno primo Georgii II. flat. 2. c. if '.	[172?.

any of the goods called lumber, in the /aid aft enumerated, being of the groxvt' and produft of the faid plantations or colonies, or fame of them (except mafls, yards and bnvjprits) free from all cujloms and tmpojitions whatjoever granted to his faid Majejly, his heirs or fuc-cejfors: and whereas lignum vitae being of the growth or produft of the British plantations in America, is for the mojl part made ufe of by turners, in making bowls, cups, and other necejfaries, and particularly in making blocks, putties, and Jbeaves for Jlips, andJbuttclsfor weavers; and forafmuch as fome’doubt has arifen whether lignum vitae, which is rated in the book of rates to pay duty as a drug, is within the intent and meaning of the faid aft, though very fmatt quantities thereof are made ufe of phyftcatty; be it further enacted by Lignum vitae the authority aforefaid, That fuch lignum vitas imported, or to after 24. June be imported on the conditions mentioned in the faid aft, after duty frCC °f t'lc twenty f°urth day of June in the year of our Lord one thou-x+Geo.*. c.57. kfld foVfin hundred and twenty eight, (halt during the remaining term of the faid one and twenty years, be free from all cimoms and impofitions whatfoever, granted to his Maiefty, his heirs or fucceflbrs, as if the fame had been mentioned and ex-prefTed in the body of the faid aft; any law, cuftom or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

Bonds for an-	VI. And whereas upon the aforefaid doubt,	whether lignum vitae,

irmt^ an* Pr°duft of 4he Britifh plantations in America, charged. * Wight be imported into this kingdom free of duty, feveral bonds and depofits have been taken for anfwertng the duties demanded for the fame, the faid bonds are hereby declared .null and void, and dif-charged from all prosecutions tor the fame, and the depofits (hall be delivered up.

VII.	And whereas great' quantities of French winei and other Ivrnes, are imported in flajks and bottles and in finatt cajks, which are frequently conveyed on Jhore without payment of duty, to the manifest hfsof the revenue, and the detriment of the fair traders: be it enaft-

Aftcr 29 Nov. uy the authority aforefaid,' That from and after the twenty - 1728. no wines ninth day of November one thoufand feven hundred and twenty to be import- eight, no wines (other than fuch as hereafter are mentioned) (hall botdttorvef Sported into this kingdom in fla(ks of in bottles, or in any fe]$ lefs than	ca& which (hall contain lefs than twenty five gallons,

*5 gallons, upon pain pf forfeiting the fame, or the value thereof; one moiety of which forfeiture to be for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, and the other moiety to him or them, who yrill feize, inform or fuc for the fame, by aftioii of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Weftminfler, wherein no efloin9 proteftion or wager of law (hall be allowed, or any more thai) one imparlance; or by virtue of any law or laws of excife, for fuch forfeiture as (hall be (ncurred in that part of Great Britain called England, Wales, or Bertvick upon Tiveed; or in the court of exchequer in Scotland, for fuch forfeiture as (hall be incurred in that part of Great Britain called Scotland 5 any law, cuftom or ufage tQ the contrary notwithftanding.

VIII.	Provided -always, end be it declared aqd tnafted by

the

Exception.

49*

Anno primo G&61LGXI II. ftat.2. c. iy.

the authority aforefaid, That this aft, or any thing therein contained, (hall not extend or be conftrued to extend to prohibit the importation of wines of the growth of the dominions of the great duke of Tufaany in open fiaiks, or wines of the growth of Turkey, or any other parts of the Levant feas, in the fame manner as they have heretofore ufually been imported.

IX.	Ana whereas by an aft paffitdin the eighth year of the reign of bis % Geo.i. c.i 5. late rnajefty fCingGeorge the Firjl, For encouraging ofthefilkmanu- for preventing failures of this kingdom, and for other purpofes therein mention- frauds td,faveral allowances are to be made to the exporters of funiry man*- manutaftures. failures of/ilk, and filk mixed with gold or fiver, and with grogram, yam, inch or worfted, to parts beyond the feas, upon a debenture verified by the farther, and oath being made and fecurity given by the exporter, not to reland the fame in Great Britain \ and fuch fecurities are to be difcl?arged (except in cafes otherwife provided for) upon proper certificates, tejlifying the landing the fata goods in parts beyond the feas *

‘which certificates in cafe of any entry for, or landing thefaii goods in Ireland, or in any other foreign port or place, where any offietr or officers of his Majeftys cujloms /hall be refiient, are to be fignod by the proper officer or officers of his Majeftys cuftoms there; and in cafe of entry for any other foreign ports or places, fuch certificates are to me under the common, fial of the chief magiftrate in fitch port or plate, or under the hands and feals of two jfasuMrBrittffi merchants, then being at fuch port or place; and whereas it is found impracticable to bring any fuch certificates of landing, in cafes where any ef the faid goods are fold on the coqft of Africa, and fame ether foreign places, where no juch certificates as the law directs can be obtained, and in Cafes of tran/hipping at Jamaica, and any other of the Britilh plantations-w 'America, without being landed there, into jhips or vejfelsbound to Africa, and other foreign parts : be it therefore cnaded and declared by the authority aforefaid, That in any of the faid cafes, when certift-where fuch certificates could not or cannot be had or obtained cate of land-as aforefaid, the bonds or fecurities already given on exportation inggoodscaa-of the faid goods, (hall be difeharged and vacated, upon proof "J* Jhe^nS" made on the oath of the mafter, mate, purfer, or other perfon, tobedifcharg-having the charge of the (hip during the voyage, and alfo the ed on the oath oath of the merchant exporter, if living, that to the beft of his of the mafter, or their knowledge and belief, the faid goods have been di(pofed *c’ of at the places to be mentioned in the refpedtive oaths or affidavits, and that they have not been relanded or brought on (hore again in any port or part of Great Britain, provided fuch proof be made on or before the firft day of May one thoufand feven hundred and twenty nine, otherwife the faid bonds may be put in fuit as if this a& had not been made; and for the future fuch bonds or fecurities are to be difeharged and vacated, on the like proof being made within eighteen months from the date of the bond, that the faid goods were fo difpofed of in .foreign parts as aforefaid, the examination and proof being left to the judgment of the cpmmiflioners of the cuftoms in England. or Scotland refpedively for the time being.

X,	And whereqs in and by an aft of parliament made in the eighth %Gto M '	-	‘	year	-	*

49*

Anno primo GeoRGH II. flat. i. c. if, [172?.

year of his late majejiy King George the Firfl, For encouragement of the (ilk manufactures of this kingdom, and for other purpo-fes therein mentioned, certain allowances or ferns of money eere to he paid to the exporters of ftli fluffs made in Great Britain, or Jilt mixed with gold or filver, grogram, yam, incle, cotton or worfted, as in the faid at? is expreffed\ and provijion was made in the Jaid ait, that no allowance Jhould be demanded or made for futb of the faid manufactures, when they are only mixed with fat at the edge or endt of the piece, which not being fufficient to prevent frauds and abufes tn mating thofe manufactures, a further provijion was made for that 9 Geo.s. c.S. purpofe by another aCt made in the ninth year of the reign of bis Jaid late Majefty, which by experience has flill been found ineffectual, feveral ill difpofed perfons having onfy put a fmatl thread offilk fear to difcoverable in the warp (by which is meant the length of the piece) not xvith intent to benefit the fale of the goods, but with a deflgn to obtain the bounty or allowance on the exportation, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the faid aCks: for remedy whereof, be it enadted and declared by the authority aforefaid, That the faid ads, or either of them, (hall not extend or be conftrued to extend to the making any allowance on the exportation of any of the manufactures of (tuffs aforefaid, mixt with (ilk, except the filk that (hall be mixt in the warp, (hall be obvious and appa* rent to the view of the proper officers of the cuftoms, and that the filk. therein ufed (hall be double the value of the bounty in* tended to be paid on the exportation of the faid manufactures refpeCtively; any law or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

XL And for the relief of any perjbn or perfons, who through neglect or inadvertency have omitted to pay the feveral rates and duties, or any part thereof, upon monies given, paid, contracted or agreed for, with or in relation to any clerk, apprentice or fervant, which . hath been put or placed to or with any mafter or mijtrefs, to learn any profejjion, trade or employment, and to have flub indentures, or other writings, which Jball contain the covenants, articles, contracts or agreements relating to the fervid of fucb clerk, apprentice or fervant, flampt within the times by the feveral acts of parliament for thofe purpofes refpeCtively limited, or who have aljo in like manner omitted to injert, and write in words at length, in Jueh indentures or other writings as aforefaid, the full fum or fums of money, or any part thereof received, or in any wife directly or indirectly given, paid, agreed or contracted for, with or in relation to every fucb clerk, apprentice or fervant as aforefaid: be it enadted by the authority Claufe forgiv- aforefaid, That upon pavment of the rates and duties upon ing further monies, or fuch part of (uch monies fo negleded or omitted to time to clerks paid as aforefaid, on or before the twenty fourth day of June ces tefuaydu-onc thoufand feven hundred and twenty eight, to fuch perfon or ties.	perfons	to whom the fame ought to be paid, and tendring the

faid indentures or other writings, to be (lamped at the fame time, or at any time on or before the twenty ninth day of September one thoufand feven hundred and twenty eight (of which timely notice is to be given in the London Gazette) the faipe indentures or other writings, (hall be good and available in law

and

*7*8.] Anno primo Georgii II. flat. 2. c. t8, 19.	493

fend equity, and may be given in evidence in any court whatfcn ever, and the clerk, apprentice or fervant therein named, (hall be capable of following and exercifing their refpeftive intended trades or imployments, as fully as if the rates and duties fo omitted had been duly paid, and the full fum or fums received or agreed for as aforeiaid, had been inferted; and the perfons who have incurred any penalties by the omiflions aforefaid,

(hall be acquited and difcharged from the faid penalties; any thing in any of the (aid former alts to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP. XVIII.

An aft to explain and amend an aft made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late maiefty King George the Firft, for building a bridge croft the river of Tname*, from the town of Fulham in the county of Middle-fex, to the town of Putney in the county of Surrey, and for making the faid aft more eifeftual.

Commiflioners for building the bridge at Fulham* may contraft with any perfons, as well commiflioners as others, for erefting the bridge. May aflign over in perpetuity the tolls to contractors for building the bridge.

Commiflioners not to build till fatisfaftion be given to the proprietors o£ the horfe ferries.

CAP. XIX.

An afl far punijbing fucb perfons as JbaU wilfully and ma*\ licioujly pull down or defray turnpikes for repairing high*

Ways, or locks or other works, erefled by authority of par* liamentyfor making rivers navigable.

TX7 H E R E A S fevtral ill defigning and Aiforderly perfons boot V V in feveral parts of this kingdom affodated them/elves together both by day and night, and cut down, pulled down, burnt, and other-wife de/lroyei feveral turnpike gates and boufes, which have beem ere flea by the authority of feveral afls of parliament, made for re* pairing divers roads within this kingdom, by tolls taken or to be taken at fucb turnpikes, and thereby prevented the toll from being received* which has leffened the fecurity of divers of bis Majefly's good fubjefls9 for amjiderable fums of money, which they have advanced or lent on the credit of the faid afls, and deterred others from lending any money on the fame, and thereby the faid afls are become ineffeflual, the laws now in force not infs fling any punijhment on fucb offenders fuitable to their offences; and whereas other evil difpofed perfons have threatned the pulling down and defraying of locks,flukes ana floodgates, ere fled to preferve and fecure the navigation of rivers made navigable pur* fuant to afls of parliament for that purpofe; for preventing fuels wicked and unlawful practices for the future, and for rendripg the faid afts more eifeftual: be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament aifembled, and by the authority of the fame. That if any perfon or perfons wnatfoever, from and after the twenty any fourth day of June in the year of our Lord one thoufand (even turnpike, he hundred and twenty eight, (hall either by day or night wilfully (hallbe fent to and malicioufly break down, cut down, pluck up, throw down,

494	Anno prime Geo&gii IL ftat. i. CAgf. {172$*

for 3 months, level, or otherwife deftroy any turnpike gate or turnpike gates. Breaking dm»* or any poft or rail or rails, wall of walls, of other fence fJkhjl! ***** fcnccs> bblonging to any fuch turnpike gate or tumpikegates, 5GC0.1.C.33. eredfced or to be eredted, to prevent pafTengers from palling by.

without paying flife toll directed to be paid by any.af&or ads of parliament made or to* be mfede for that ^lirpofe,' every and all fuels perfon or perfoos fa offending, being lawfully convidted thereof, upon the oath of' 6athsr of one of more credible witnefs or witnefles, before any two or more juftices of the peafce of the county, riding, divifion, city, town, borough or corporation,' wherein any fuch offence or offences (hall be committed, or before the juftices of the peace in open feflion9 (who are hereby authorized and impowered fiumnarily and finally to hear and determine the fame) (hall be Cent to the common gaol, or elfe to the houfe of correction, there to continue and be kept to hard labour for the fpace of three months, without bail or main prize; and the (aid juftices (hall alfo order and adjudge, that fuch of-and be whipt fender and offenders (hall be, by the matter or keeper of fuch atthemarket gaoi 0r houfe of correction as aforefaid, on the firft convenient croftfc	market day, once publickfy and openly whipt in fuch city,

town, borough or corporation, wherein or near which fuch of-* fence (hall be committed, at the market crofs or market place there, between the hours of eleven and two of the dock.

II.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That fccondtime, if any fuch perfon or perfons fo convidted (hall, from and after or demotilh- the (aid four and twentieth day of Tune, commit any of the offing locks, to fences aforefaid a fecond time, or it any perfon or perfons (hall, be tranfported either by day or night, wilfully and malicioufly pull down of tor 7 years, demolifn any houfe or houfes, eredted or to be eredted for the

tife and fervice of any turnpike gate or turnpike gates, or (hall wilfully and malicioufly break down or demolifti any lock, fluke or floodgate, eredted or to be eredted by authority of parliament upon any navigable river, for preferving or fecurtng the navigation thereof, and (hall be lawfully convidted of the fame respectively, upon indidtment before any of his Majefty** juftices of aflize. Oyer and Terminer, or general gaol delivery for the county, city, town, borough or corporation, where fuch offence or offences refpedtivcly (hall be committed, every fuch perfon -and perfons fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convidted, (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and every fuch felon and felons (hall be (ubjedt and liable to the like pains and penalties, as in cafes of felony; and the courts by and before whom fiicb perfon or perfons (hall be tried, (hall and hereby have power and authority to tranfport fuch felons for the fpace of fevet* years, in like manner as other felons are diredted to be tranf* ported by the laws and ftatutes of this realm.

III.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefirid. That if any adtion or fuit (hall be commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this praent

o	. adt, that in every fuch cafe the adtion or fuit. (hall be com-

menced within fix months next after the fadt committed, and %	not

1728.] Anno primo Gsorgii II. flat. 2, c* 20.	495

not afterwards, and (hall be laid and brought in fuch county or

counties, place or places, where the caufe of a&ion (hall arife*

and not elfewhere ; and the defendant and defendants in fuch

a&ion or fuit to be brought, (hall and may plead the general General iffuc.

iffue not guilty, and give this a& and the fpecial matter in evi- ,

dence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was

done in punuance and by the authority of the faid a &; and if

it (hall appear fo to be done, or that fuch a&ion or fuit (hall be

brought after the time before limited for bringing the fame as

aforefaid, or (hall be brought in any other county or counties,

place or places, that then the jury (hall find for the defendant

or defendants; and upon fuch verdi&, or if the plaintiff or

plaintiffs (hall be nonfuited, or difeontinue his, her. or their

a&ion or a&ions, after the defendant or defendants (hall have

appeared, or if upon demurrer judgment (hall be given.againft

the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hau and

may recover treble cods, and liave the like remedy for the fame

as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes by

law.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid.

That this a& (hall be publickly read at every quarter feflions, and at every leet or law day, during the continuance thereof, and that this a&, and every part thereof, (hall continue in force for the term of five years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, and no longer.

CAP. XX.

To be read, Ac.

The a3 5 Geo.

Making this act toon tfftSual* is asnXmudby aoGeq. s. c.

An aft for ere&ing a workboufe in the city of Canterbury for imploying and maintaining the poor there, and for better enlightning the ftreeta of the faid city.

After 1 May 1718, corporation to beere&ed at Canterbury. To be chofen by inhabitants rated to the poor, on the left Tuefday in June 17*8. Inhabitants to meet in the feveral parifli churches between nine and twelve in the forenoon to ele&. May purebafe lands* Sec. not exceeding 4001, per ann. Parishes refilling to choofe guardians, two juftices, quorum unus, or any three, may cbooTe them. None compelled to ferve two years together. Guardians»to meet on the firft Tuefday in July 17*8, to choofe a prefident and receiver, to be chofen yearly. And a fchoolmafter, clerk and other officers. Guardians to hold a court monthly. Prefident may hold a court oftner, on three days notice. Any (even guardians may caufe an extraordinary court to be holden. The hofpital of poor priefts in the city of Canterbury, with its revenues, veiled in the guardians of the poor of that city. In trull to imploy tile profits for the maintenance of* the poor of the corporation. Guardians at any court may aflefs the inhabitants for the ufe of the hofpital. a Perfons grieved may appeal to the quar-ter-feflions. Corporation to maintain all the poor in the 14 parifbes, Secm Guardians may order the conftables, See. to compel vagrants and beggars. See. to work in the workhoufes. May bind out apprentices, and infii& corporal punifhment. Committee may fend poor perfons to the work? houfe, or otherwife relieve them. Corporation may agree with any parifli in Kent, for fetting to work their poor j but; not thereby to create aiettle-ment. Receiver before tlis determination of his office to account for all monies, Sec. in his bands. Ele&ions of prefident, See. to be-by ballot. No prefident or other officer liable to the penalties of 1$ Car. a. c. s. Poor perfons refufingto be placed in the workboufe to receive no relief. Guardians to allow relief to poor perfons who (half fall fick, Sec. Lamp* to be

.lighted.

49$	. Anfto primo GeoUgii II. flat. 2. c. 21, 24i

lighted in the publick ftreets froth i Sept, to x May, yearly. A rate nor exceeding 3 d. per pound per aim. for fetting up and maintaining the lights. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter-fdfioos. Colle&ort oi the lamp-dudes to account.

CAP. XXI.

An aft to explain and amehd an aft palled in the thirteenth year of hit late Majefty’s reign, intituled, An m3hr fid* 0ffact cfthe farftUed reflates h tbmt fatt Great Britain called Scotland, ms remain unfold, a*J an meflcd in ibe crown j mod far determining fact dams on tbo fmid eft a:a as having been duly entredremain nmUtermmea, EXP.

13 Geo. x.	Hi* Majeffy may appoint fire of the fudges of Scotland to be a court of

c. at.	delegates, to determine appeals, as the delegates appointed by 4 Geo. 1. c.

S. might, daims containing a demand of money afiefting a forfeited e* Kate, court to tfliie a debenture for fucb money, and exchequer to payit in the firft place. All books, Ac. relating to forfeited eftates to be delivered up by the commi/honefs before It June 17x8, into the exchequer. Regifters; Ac. not delivering them up, barons may fitmmon them \ and or contempt may commit them to the common gaoL The books to be delivered into the court of delegates by xs June 171s*

CAP. XXII.

An a5l to explain the aSs of the third and ninth years of Ids late Majtfiys reign for continuing the duty of two penny Scots on every pint of ale and beer fold in the city of Edinburgh. in relation to the payment of petty port cufiams', and for the more effectual fecuring the payment of fucb money as hath been or /hall be contributed towards a cbet-ritable fund for the relief of fucb as /hall fuffer by fire in the jaid city, and the Jitburbs and liberties thereof.

\ Geo. 1. c. j. TTyHEREAS by an at! of parliament made and poffed in the VV third year of the reign of his late majefly King George the Firjl, intituled, An ad for continuing the duty of two penny Scots, or one fixth part of a peny fterling, on every pint of ale and beer that {hall be vended or fold within the city of Edinburgh, and privileges thereof, for the benefit of the faid city, and for difeontinuing the payment of the dues, commonly called the petty port cuftoms, at Edinburgh, during the continuance of this ad; and by another ad of parliament made and paffed in the ninth year ofthereign of hisfaid late Majefiy, intituled, An ad for enlarging b Geo. 1. c. 14. the term granted by an ad made in the third year of his Majefty’s reign far continuing the duty of two penny Scots upon every pint of ale and beer fold in the city of Edinburgh, for the purpofes therein mentioned; and for difeontinuing the payment of die petty port cuftoms there; and for making the faid ad more etFedual, it is provided and enacted, for the eafe of all fitch perftns as live in the neighbourhood of and have commerce with Edinburgh, That during the continuance of both the aforefaid aBs of parliament certain dues, paid and commonly known by the name of petty port cuftoms, payable at the ports of the city ./'Edinburgh, Jbeuld be difcontinued and ceaje; and whereas ftveral doubts and diffituhits and deputes have arifen, and may yet orife, touching the import and

meaning

497

i?2lL} Anno primo Georgii II* ftafc. af C. 22.

meaning of the [aid tlaufe or provifo in the /aid afts, by reafon that the aforejaid dues or petty port cujioms, intended thereby to be difton-tinned, are not therein particularly fpecified and defcribed, fo as the fame may be dijlinguxjhed from fuch other parts of the petty cujioms belonging to the faid city, as utere not intended by the Jaid claufe or claujes in the atts aforefaid, or either of them, to be difcontinued: therefore for explaining thereof, and for preventing any doubts or difputes for the future, be it enabled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That fuch parts of the aforefaid petty port cuftoms, to be difcontinued as aforefaid, P0* lhall be and they are hereby limited and redrained to the dclcn cudoms ufually levied and collected at any gate or gates, avenue or avenues of the faid city of Edinburgh, for fuch ale, beer, wines, fpirits and foreign liquors as (hall be brought in there for private ufe, and not for fale, and for all manner of vivers, all grain, great or fmall, of any kind, and for all hay, gfafs, draw, lint, lint-feed and rape-feed of the growth of Great Britain, and wool and wool manufactured, flans and hides drefled and undrefled, and for linen cloth of all forts, being the produce of Great Britain, and for meal, malt and cheefe, and for all (tones, lime, timber and all other materials for building, all coals, peits, turfs, tallow and all manner of houfhold furniture which (hall be brought into the faid city of Edinburgh or liberties thereof, by horfes, carts, carriages, (ledges, (lypes or any other manner of way.

II.	Provided always, and be it enaCted, That if any perfon Demanding or perfons (hall prefume to demand or take any duty for any of any duty for the goods herein before fpecified and defcribed (except as here- goods deferib-in is after excepted) every fuch perfon and perfons, being there- P* fprfcitsaos. of lawfully convicted before any judge competent, (hall forfeitreer ,n**

and pay the fum of twenty (hillings fterling to the owner or owners of fuch goods, for which any duty mall be demanded and taken.

III.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That no-to prevent thing herein contained (hall extend to, or prevent, or prejudice the payment the payment of the duty, called The Cawfcy Mail, or duty on of duties here (hod carts, payable to the faid city $ and alfo all duties charge- «»o«wrated. able on all ale, beer, wine, fpirits and foreign liquors which are

for fale; and all duties chargeable upon all coals, peits, turfs and timber to be imported or brought in from Leith into the faid city or liberties thereof by carts, (ledges or llypes; and alfo all duties chargeable upon hearfes and hackney coaches, and all duties upon all fugars, tobaccoes and foap; and the duties chargeable upon all timbers, lint, lint-feed and rape-feed not of the produce of Great Britain; and on all hemp, iron, tar and other foreign commodities which (hall be brought in on carts, (ledges or (lypes, horfes burdens or any other manner of way whatioever, into the faid city or privileges thereof, from e-very place; and the duties on all goods whatfoever, other than thofe particularly exempted from the fame as before^mentioned,

Vol. XV*	Kk	which

458	Anno	prime G£6rgii IL Hat. is. c. 2».'	X1?^.

vhich (hall be brooght in on carts, (ledges or flypes into the fhkl city or liberties thereof, by any perfon who is a common carter; •and that the faid city (nail continue to enjoy, levy and receive the other cuftoms and duties to them belonging, as particularly after fpecified, videlicet, the meal and com market cuftoms, the fi(h market cuftoms, and board mails, the fruit market cuftoms, the poultry and bread market cuftoms, ftand and board mails, the land cloth market, the land fteih market cu- * ftoms, the dues and cuftoms of the tallow, iron, weighage, the cuftoms chargeable on all (orts of cattle at the houfe of the Muir, and (beep flaikes, the cuftom of one mark upon each pack of all foreign goods, the cuftom of bufh mail for all timber and other goods brought into the timber hoff or bu(h at Leithy the (hore dues, one mark per tun of goods and other duties payable for all goods imported to or exported from the harbour of Leith, the duties and cuftoms payable for weighage and lyage, and of all

foods whatever weighed or lodged in the weigh-houfes of Eiin-. urgb or Leitk, the market cuftom for leather, and the import or duty on wines, fpirits or foreign liquors, with all other duties and cuftoms belonging to the (aid city not hereby cxprefly dif-continued as aforefaid ; and that the (aid feveral dues, duties and cuftoms lad mentioned (hall be, remain and be paid in fuch manner, and by luch means and methods, as they were made payable before the patting of this or the above in part recited •acts; any thing herein, or in the above in part recited a<5ts cf parliament, or either of them, contained to the contrary not-withftanding.

IV.	And whereas the houfes and buildings in the faid city of Edinburgh, and fuburbs and liberties thereof are much exp fed to fire by reofon of the nearnefs to each other and the height thereof many families inhabiting under one and the fame roof \ and whereas for the relief of fuch perfons as /ball fuffer by fire, many of the owners *md proprietors of houfes and buildings w:thin the faid city, fuburbs and liberties, have (with the confent and approbation of the magijlratts and town council of the faid city) entered into mutual covenants and agreements to fubjeft themfelves to the paytnent of certain fmall fumi (in proportion to the value and extent of their property) to create and eflablijb a general charitable fund or fiock for their mutual relief in cafe of accidents by fire, to he put under the directions and manage-went of perfons chofen by the contributors to fuch general charitable, fund, which by experience has been found to be much for the benefit •and advantage of the faid city, fuburbs and liberties thereof and will be much more ufeful and beneficial, if the bonds given or entred into by the contributors as aforefaid, could be made a real charge upon fuch houfes or buildings for which fuch contribution was made, without taking infeoffment, the expence whereof will in many cafes exceed the fum mentioned in fuch bond: now for promoting and encouraging Ciaufc for fe- f° good and charitable a deflgn, be it further cnafted by the curing the	authority aforefaid. That from and after the fifth day of June

payment of	one thoufand feven hundred and twenty eight it (hall and may

uXuted^o- lawfult0 and for the managers or directors of the faid general 11 u °~ charitable fund or ftock for the time being, and their fucceflors

6	-	in

f 728.] Aimo primo GcoROn II. ftat. 2, c.13.	499

in office, to take and receive From fuch perfon and perfons as wards a cha-hath or have figned, pr entred into the articles or covenants for ntable fund contributing, or (hall hereafter fign or enter into articles or co- faffaen by venants to contribute to the faid general fund or (lock, a bond fire at Ediq* or bonds, carrying intereft payable to fuch perfon as is or (hall burgh, be appointed cafhier to the laia contributors for the time being, and his fucceffors in the faid office, for fuch fum pr fums of money as hath, have or (hall be contributed by fuch perfon or perfons as hath, have or (hall fign fuch articles or covenants for the faid general charitable fund for the purpofes aforefaid ; and the faid cafhier for the time being, and his fucceflors in office (hall, and he is hereby required with all convenient fpced to carry, deliver or tender, or caufe to be carried, tendred or delivered fuch bond and bonds fo given as aforefaid, to the office kept by the clerk, or keeper of the regifter for feizins within and for the laid city of Edinburgh; and the faid clerk and keeper of the faid regifter is hereby directed and required to regifter fuch bond and bonds, and to deliver back the fame duly regiftred within twenty four hours after fuch bond or bonds i$ and are offered at fuch regifter-office, with a certificate upon the back of each bond fo tendred or delivered, duly figned by the clerk or keeper of fuch regifter, mentioning the day and time of the day fuch bond (hall be regiftred, and alfo the book and page or pages of fuch book wherein fuch bond or bonds is or are regiftred or recorded; and fuch clerk pr keeper (hall and may demand for regiftring of each bond, and writing and fign-ing the certificate thereof^ the fum of one (hilling fterling, and no more; and that fuch fum and fums of money due or to grow due upon fuch bond or bonds (hall, from and after the day and time the fame fhall be fo regiftred and certified, be and the fame is and are hereby declared and enaded to be a real charge and incumbrance upon fuch houfe, tenement, houfes or tenements, building or buildings, for or in confideration whereof fuch bond or bonds was or were given or entred into 5 and that in all cafes where there (hall happen to be any difpute between creditors or other claimants, fuch bond and bonds (hall be claffed, ranked and preferred according to the day and time of the day the fame was or were regiftred and (hall be, and the fame are hereby declared to be of the fame validity, force and effe<ft, as if formal infeoffments had been taken on fuch bond and bonds of the date of which the fame (hall refpedlively be regiftred ; any law,

(latute, cuftom or ufage to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

CAP. XXIII.

An aft for indemnifying perfons who have omitted to qualify tbemfelves for ojices and imployments within the time limit-ed by law, and for allowing further time for that purpofe % and for repealing fo much of two afts of parliament there-in mentioned as requires perfons to qualify tbemfelves to continue in effices or imployments for the fpace of fix months, after the demife of his Majejly, bis heirs or fucceffors.

Perfons

£$Q	Anno,	primo	Gecrgii II. fat,. g, c. 23/	[ 17281

perfons w bo have omitted to qualify therafdvcs, taking the oaths, See. before 28 Nov. 1718, indemnified. Periods who have qualified themfelvei fince 11 June 17x7, alfo indemnified. Not to extend to offices actually a-voided or filled up. Officers in Scotland taking the oaths at Weftminiter, to tranfmit within three months a certificate thereof to Scotland, juftices at the late King's demife, and commiffioued fince 11 June 1727, to qualify themfelyes before 28 Nov. 1728. Juft ices at the late King's demife, ancl commiflloned by his prefent Majefty before 13 Feb. 1727, and fince it Jtine 1727, having qualified themfehres, not obliged to qualify again*

Part f th VII. And whereas by an aft of parliament made in the fourth year a£b 4 Ann. c. re*&n °f ^er ^ate tnaJelb Qjt*en Anne, intituled, An adt for $.	‘	* the better fecurity of her Majefty’s perfon and government, and

of the fucceffion to the crown of England in the proteftant line, 6 Ann.c. 7. and alfo by another aft made in the ftxth year of her faidlaie Majeftys repealed.	reign y intituled, An adt for the lecurity of her Majefty’s perfon

and government, and of the fucceffion to the crown of Great Britain, in the proteftant line, all officers thereby continued for the fpaee of fix month after the demife of her faid late Majefty, her heirs or fucccjforsy unlefs focner removed or difebarged by the next in fuc-ceffwiy are obliged to take the oaths therein mentioned\ and to do all other afts requiftte by the laws andftatutes of this realmy to qualify thernfelves to be and continue in fuch their reffective piauSy offices and imploymentSy within fuch time and in fuch manner, and under fuch painty penalties and difabilitiesy as they Jbould or ought to do9 baa they been newly eleftedy appointconftituttd and put ,into fuch offices9 places or imployments in the ufual and ordinary 'way : and whereas fo much of the faid afts as relates to the taking the oath of office^ was repealed by an aft of the loft feffion of parliament9 intituledy An a<ft for t Ge*. i. flat, making further provifions to enable perform poflefled of offices a. c. 5* at the demife of his late Majefty to qualify themfelves for the enjoyment of fuch offices, and for altering and explaining the adts of parliament therein mentioned, in relation to qualifying perfons for continuing in offices, and to the continuance of the Iheriffs of the county of Cornwall and county Palatine of Chcjler, and feveral other offices therein mentioned, after the demife of

his late Majefty, his heirs and fuccefTors 3 and for continuing fuch laws as would expire at the end of this feffion of parliament : and whereas the obligation to tale the other oaths, and to do the afts by the faid ftatutes required^ to qualify perfons to continue in their r effective office s as aforefaidy hath occaftoned many inconveniencies; be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid. That fo much of the faid acts as requires any perfon or perfons to take the faid oaths therein mentioned, or to do any other a<ft requifite bv the laws and ftatutes of this realm, to qualify himfelf or themlelves as aforefaid, in refpedt of his or their being continued in any office, place or employment for the fpaee ot fix months as afore-faid, (hall be and is hereby abfoiutcly repealed.

The End of the Fifteenth Volume..
